Severus stated. "What were we to do? Declare ourselves like a jack-in-a-box. Surprise! Now that your dad's dead, he's a secret for you? Even we knew enough to not do that." "And really, Harry," Aunt Petunia continued, "You knew what your mother was like. You knew how much she wanted things done her way! When she died, I just felt it would blight her image to unravel all she had done the instant her body went cold. She tried her hardest to keep you believing you were a perfectly normal, desired little boy and not some bastard child out of wedlock." "Hey!" Ginny stood up. " Ginny ," Harry pleaded. "No, this is insane!" Ginny said. "I can't do this anymore. You knew this, Aunt Petunia , you knew this and you set me up! I'm—" She made to leave in a huff of anger, rolling off of her like smoke. "Don't. It's what she wants." Severus reached for another cookie. "What do you mean?" Ginny asked, leaning against the back of the couch. "It's what who wants?" "Who wants anything?" Petunia asked, "Lily. Your mother, Harry, you have to believe me, was every bit as loving and caring and kind as you remember her to be, but there were other parts to her too. Darker parts. She wanted you all to herself. She always wanted everything to herself…" Ginny slowly returned to the table. "My mom wanted to keep Severus away from me…and even Ginny," Harry said. "She must have known what Severus was doing. How he was scaring her away by watching her, day and night. She might have even sent him." "I wasn't ordered," Severus denied, glancing swiftly at Petunia. "I just got desperate. You spent all your time with Ginny s I thought, how else were you going to learn of me? So I did what I had to do." "But I got scared and left…" Ginny whispered. Petunia nodded slowly. "I just wanted you all to be happy. I'm sorry I set you up, Ginny. I just didn't have it in me to tell you, either of you, of what was really going on. I thought—I thought that if you were able to hear it from Lily's own hand, you'd be able to understand how sick she was. Please believe me, there was nothing I could do. She would have flown into a fury if she suspected Severus was trying to make contact. And I loved Lily, still do. How could I say no to her? Especially when you were growing up so quickly. How could I tell a toddler, a seven-year-old, a twenty-something young man that his mother had arranged for you to be kept away from your biological father?" Ginny shook her head. This didn't make sense. Aunt Petunia was insisting that she had had no power in the situation. Severus had even allowed himself to be shut out from the relationship he could have had with his son, and had opted instead to stalk the best friend of his son under the watchful eye of Aunt Petunia. Something wasn't making sense. But looking at Petunia and seeing that genuine spark in her eyes scared Ginny more than anything else, because it was a look of earnest, a look that said she did everything she could, and that she firmly and madly believed it. "You've been living with Aunt Petunia for how long now?" Harry asked, reaching for another biscuit. A corner of Severus's lip lifted up. "About ten years now. We're in a relationship of sorts, though not married." Petunia smiled brightly, reaching over and touching Severus on the shoulder. "I guess it's a sort of Stockholm, eh? The type of love that grows over time." Severus laughed without humor. "Indeed. Two idiots who couldn't figure out commitment could hardly raise a child—" Petunia flinched. "Whose child?" Ginny asked slowly. The world seemed to freeze. "Oh, now you've done it!" Petunia screeched. "Get out! Get out! Shoo! Shoo!" Harry began to hyperventilate. "Go," Petunia moaned in agony, "Please just leave me in peace!" Severus was calm and collected as he stood up. "Go," he said in a deep authoritative voice, "I'll take care of her. Go! Out, now!" Fear filled Ginny's eyes. She tugged soon Harry's sleeve, but he wouldn't budge, rooted was he to the kitchen chair, unable to understand the world as he knew it. "I just wanted you to be happy!" Petunia whined as she collapsed in Severus's arms. He hugged her tightly around the waist. "Be happy!" It was clear from Severus's suddenly more powerful stance and Petunia's quickly diminishing control that despite appearances, Severus was Petunia's keeper and not the other way around. Maybe it was even Stockholm syndrome. A chill swept through the room, a frosty breath on the nape of Ginny's neck that whispered the name of Lily. "Let's go," Ginny urged, a note of desperation in her voice. "Harry! Harry! " It was all too much. The ringing in his ears, the sights before him, the screams and pleads. He became a deadweight, not dead, just asleep… Severus had successfully maneuvered Petunia into the bedroom and was at that very moment calming down her hysteria. Despite just meeting the man, Ginny was sure that Severus was the only sane one in the family, even if he had once been her guardian angel. But then again, maybe it was too soon to tell. She contemplated this as she dragged Harry's body out of the room, down the steps and into her flat. She kissed his blue-tinged lips and even his shut eyelids and slipped into bed bedside him. After all, she thought as she felt his still beating heart, she just wanted him to be happy. A/N: Not my usual, but I had this weird plot bunny that just would not leave. Please let me know what you think. I'd love to get some feedback and loveletters or even hatemail just like Harry received... ;)