unbidden and unwanted. Like I'll be reading a book and it's just THERE , like it was always there and trying to come out and it was finally able to break free and it's right there. I dream about it. / Nightmares, really, with the sound of her\ I've never told Dr. Blazer about it. I haven't spoken of it since it happened, and I just, well, I really try not to think about it. I think I already said that. / It was\ Well I try not to think about any of what happened then. But I guess that's the problem, isn't it? It's the sound of her screams that I'll always remember. I remember it because it wasn't just a scream of pain. That's what really got to me. It wasn't even just a scream of fear. I mean… There was pain and fear and all of that, yeah, of course. Yeah. But it was the sound of confusion that I'll always remember. It wasn't just pain and fear and PLEASE STOP, it was WHY . I heard it. I can still hear it. Underneath the pain and the fear, her screams were also why are you doing this to me ? That's what I'll always remember. I remember the other stuff. I remember Aunt Bella screaming at me, saying "WATCH. THIS DOESN'T EVEN COME CLOSE TO WHAT THE DARK LORD WILL DO TO YOU—TO ALL OF US—IF HE FINDS OUT. WATCH, DRACO, WATCH WATCH WATCH WATCH." Watch. I can still hear her voice. Bella's, I mean. She was angry and she was scared, but Granger… She was confused. Why are you doing this to me? She never said it. But it was there. And after it was all over—Cruciatus, sectumsempra—broken skin healed over and over again, becoming more tender, easier to slice, each time the curse was performed again—spells I had never seen before or heard of, designed to torture a person out of their mind—wouldn't be the first time she'd done it—I saw her. She looked so small. So frail. So gentle and fragile and pale and small. And her arm was bleeding where Aunt Bella had made the cut, where she had carved . " You're one of us now." She'd said that after she lifted her sleeve and sneered and showed Granger her dark mark. You're one of us now . I don't know why she said that. But Granger looked so small, and I knew that mark would be there her entire life. MUDBLOOD I had never felt regret like I had in that moment. It was searing and painful and heavy . It was heavy. Yeah, that's the best way to describe it. It was like an elephant was sitting on my shoulders. A bloody elephant of regret. I hadn't made the mark, and that wasn't what the regret was about, like I didn't feel guilty. Well. I don't know. I mean, I hated— HATED —what Bella had done. I was shaking with rage that my parents and my aunt mistook for fear. It wasn't completely off base for them to think it was fear because back then I—all of us, really—lived in constant fear. But I wasn't shaking from fear. I was enraged. But I didn't make the mark. That wasn't where the regret came from. Seeing Granger there, the blood on her arm, the mark that would be there for life, I regretted ever calling her that. That's where the regret came from. I regretted it because I knew, somehow I knew, that she would look at that and she would hear my voice. She would hear me calling her that, and I wished I never had—called her that, I mean—because I didn't want her to hear my voice. I didn't want her to look at that mark and think of me. I didn't want Granger to think I would have done something like that or that I was like Bella—cruel and evil and maniacal. I didn't want Granger to think that I was okay with that my aunt had done. I guess… Well I just didn't want Granger to think that I was one of them. But I was. I was one of them. And I guess, in a way, I always will be. A/N: It's finally here - the Dramione prequel/spin-off that I promised you (at least that I promised those who didn't despise chapter 10 of And So They Spoke...). This story was meant to be MUCH shorter than it's turning out to be, but I just can't help myself. It will definitely be shorter than the story that it stems from, but it won't be as short as I intended. I haven't explored these two characters in YEARS, and the first ever Dramione I wrote was... well it was bad, at least to me. But thankfully for all of us I've grown as a writer, and I get to explore these two when I'm NOT a total n00b. For those who didn't read Words Unspoken or And So They Spoke: You definitely DO NOT have to read those stories before you read this one. Obviously I want you to read them, but I recognize that they are insanely long so you don't have to. Everything from those stories that is necessary for this one will be in here in some form or another. The only thing I will say is that if you ever plan to read those, you should read them first because this story will spoil a huge story line that explains the end of Words Unspoken and most of And So They Spoke. So if you like Scorose and you want to read those at some point, definitely read those first. But if you just like Dramione and don't give a hell, then stick with me for this one! Thank you so much for starting this new journey with me - I hope you all enjoy this story as much as I do!