Jill choked back giggles as they paid for their books and packed them inside their respective trunks. She was tempted to stay and browse through more books, but Daphne told her about Owl Order, so she decided to pick up some catalogues instead. Their next stop was Eeylop's Owl Emporium to get Jill's owl, since Daphne was bringing her father's old owl to Hogwarts. "His name is Dundee, and he is as mad as a hatter," complained Daphne as they walked through the rows of owl cages. "But Father was kind enough to give him to me, so I'm bringing him instead." Jill chose a snowy white owl, with beautiful amber eyes. She held off on naming her until she found an appropriate name, and the girls left the shop with the owl in her new golden cage. "We should go to Scrivenshaft's and the Apothecary next," said Daphne, checking the list. "After that it's the equipments shop and then wands are right next door." Jill nodded as they walked into Scrivenshaft's which sold parchments and quills. They bought scrolls of parchment, quills and bottles of quick-drying inks in almost every colour. It only took a short while and they went to the Apothecary, which smelled terrible, but looked fascinating. The kindly shop assistant fixed up two standard beginner's potions kits for the girls. The equipments shop was where the girls bought their cauldrons and telescopes before they finally reached Ollivander's. The small, dusty shop was filled from top to bottom with neat, rectangular boxes. There was a strange hush about the place, and even the confident Daphne looked a little solemn as they waited. "Ah," said a soft voice, making the girls jump. "Come in, come in. I was expecting you, Miss Potter. And you too, Miss Greengrass." A frail, elderly wizard with untidy grey hair stepped into the light, surveying the girls with large silver eyes. "I remember your father's first wand, Miss Potter. Mahogany, designed for Transfiguration. Your mother, on the other hand, favoured a cherry wand. Excellent for Charms work." Jill shifted uncomfortably as the man turned to Daphne. "And your parents, Miss Greengrass. They were childhood sweethearts. Both chose an ash wand, but your mother's had a unicorn hair, while your father's had dragon heartstring. Oh yes, I remember every wand I have ever sold." He took a deep breath. "So, who wants to go first?" Jill nodded at Daphne to go ahead. The man that Jill presumed was Ollivander, handed Daphne a wand. "Ash and phoenix feather, nine inches," he said. Daphne took it and gave it a wave but nothing happened. Ollivander snatched it out of her hands and immediately handed her another one. "Ash and unicorn hair, nine and a half inches." Daphne waved it and the wand emitted bright blue sparks from the end. "Excellent, excellent," said Ollivander. "You are more like your mother, Miss Greengrass than you might realise. Let me wrap that up for you." Daphne handed the wand back in a daze and paid for the wand. Both Jill and Ollivander pretended not to notice the mistiness of her eyes. "And now you, Miss Potter," said Ollivander, and Jill stepped forward. Unlike Daphne, Jill went through ten different wands, until Ollivander went to the backroom and came out with a wand wrapped in crinkly paper. "I crafted this one yesterday," he said. "An odd combination and not one I use." Jill gave a small gasp as she saw the wand. Unlike all the wands she had seen before, this one was pure white. She automatically reached for it and picked it up. Bright silver and gold sparks shot out from the tip and then a shower of petals fell out of it. "Oh, perfect!" Ollivander clapped. "Most unusual and very temperamental, but it chose you." "What is it?" asked Jill curiously, admiring the wand. "The wood is from an old Aspen tree and the core is the hair of a newborn unicorn. Ten and three quarter inches," he said. "Thank you," Jill said absently, still looking at her wand in fascination. "How much do I owe you?" "Seven galleons," said Ollivander and Jill paid him, before placing her wand carefully inside her satchel. By the time they emerged outside, evening had fallen over Diagon Alley. Daphne turned to Jill with a small smile. "I should get going," she said. "My little sister will be expecting me back for supper." "Of course," said Jill. "Maybe I'll see you on September 1st?" "No maybe about it," said Daphne firmly. "See you on the train." Jill smiled a genuine smile. "See you on the train," she repeated and turned to leave. "Oh, hang on," said Daphne, turning back to her. She reached into her pockets and tore out a bit of parchment and scribbled something down on it. "This is my address. Just put it on the envelope and your owl will find me," she said. "Write to me with any questions you might have. I suspect that there are quite a few." "You have no idea," said Jill, pocketing the address with a grin. "Goodbye, Daphne. Thank you for all your help." The girls parted ways and Jill went back into Muggle London. She must have looked an odd sight with a satchel around her neck, dragging a trunk behind her and carrying an owl cage under her arm. She hailed a cab right outside the Muggle side of the Leaky Cauldron, and did her best not to fall asleep due to sheer exhaustion during the short cab ride. The cab ride dropped her off right in front of the orphanage, and Jill decided to forgo dinner in favour of retiring to her room. Her brief exhaustion had passed, and she started the long process of unpacking her new things and making her owl comfortable. It had been a tumultuous day, but for the first time in her life, Jill felt like she had found her place in the world.