So right now our job basically is to attend the Prefects' Meeting, introduce ourselves and let them know that tonight we will be patrolling and also set a date for the next meeting. After that we have to draw up a patrolling schedule and a tutoring schedule. That is all for now. I guess we'll get further instructions from Dumbledore." "Oh okay. That doesn't sound too daunting." "Well let's go then. We'd better get the meeting started." The meeting went really smoothly. Everybody, except the Slytherins of course, seemed to appreciate the idea of James being Head Boy. He was a natural leader, but he let Lily do most of the talking, occasionally entertaining them with his witty comments and easy smiles. The Slytherins, however, kept glowering at him. At the end of the meeting, Remus hung back to wait for James. "Are you coming Prongs?" "I'll be right along. Got a few more things," James said, looking significantly behind him where Lily was arranging papers. Remus smiled. "Fine then. We are in the last compartment." Waving at his friend, James turned to Lily who was now sitting on the seat. "So what do you want James?" "Look I just want to say that I'm sorry." "What for?" Lily was surprised at how serious James looked. "For harassing you. I was a fool to ask you out so many times when it was irritating you. So I really apologize for that. I won't continue it. This is our last year. We have to work together, so I would really like us to be friends. If not that, then at least let's be on civil terms because I really would like to have real conversations than screaming contests." Now Lily was so shocked at this speech that she really couldn't speak. James mistook her silence for rejection. Why shouldn't she reject him? In the past she had rejected his flamboyant proposals and now it was his friendship. Sighing sadly, he said, "Um, its okay Lily. You don't have to agree. I understand. I'll see you around." James pushed open the door to leave, his shoulders miserably sagging. "No! James! Wait!" Lily caught his arm and pulled him to face her. "I'm sorry too. I seemed to have judged you too harshly. I'd really like us to be friends too." She smiled. Immediately, James' eyes lit up. "You mean it?" "Yes" "Wow great!" He quickly hugged and was surprised to feel her hugging back. Shyly they stepped apart, Lily slightly red in the face. "So I'll see you at the sorting?" she asked. "Yes. Definitely." "So, what happened?" Mary asked, as soon as Lily returned to their compartment. The others also seemed to waiting eagerly for her. "What will happen? Nothing at all. Just a normal prefects meeting," Lily replied, a little hesitatingly. But the girls were not going to leave her alone. This was one of those rare times where Lily has returned quite happy from an encounter with James and her friends were not going to rest till they had a full detailed description of what exactly had happened in the meeting. "Lily. Please. Do you really expect us to believe that nothing happened between you and James?" Alice asked in a voice she would normally use to explain something to a five year old. "Um…ok. Well, um… James and I have decided to be friends. I mean at least acquaintances. You know, because we have to work together and all that," Lily replied, slightly annoyed at the pestering. She looked at the three girls who stared back with identical grins, full blown, bordering on smirks! "Uh…guys? What's with all the smiles?" "Oh Lily! Sweetheart you are going to have a fantastic time, now that you have given James a chance!" " Given James a chance? How does being friends qualify as an acceptance to a date proposal Dorcas? Sorry, but I think you are sadly mistaken or delusional." "No Lily darling. You have given James a chance to be a friend and to prove to you that he is actually a good person. It's only a matter of time before you fall in love, get married and have beautiful babies!" Dorcas quipped smoothly, as Mary and Alice nodded. Lily huffed, red in face and turned around to press her face against the window pane, in a vain attempt to ignore her giggling friends. After all, whatever they had said were a little too true, but Lily was not yet ready to admit that, not even to herself. CHAPTER 4 The Term Begins Pretty soon the Hogwarts Express drew into the Hogsmeade station and upon jumping out on to the platform; Lily was greeted by a familiar voice calling, "Firs' years! Firs' years over here!" Lily turned around to see Hagrid walking over, his big lantern swinging as he gathered the terrified first years. Lily smiled to herself, as she joined her friends and walked to the carriages. "Hey guys, do you mind if I go over and say hello to Hestia?" Alice asked. Hestia Jones was Frank's fifth year cousin and Alice was very fond of her. "Sure Al, go ahead. We'll see you at the feast." "But there are only 2 seats left in this one," Mary said as she peeped into the Carriage nearest to them. "That's ok, you guys go ahead, and I'll wait for a returning one." "Are you sure Lily?" "Yes absolutely. I do have to make sure that everyone has left safely. So I'll wait." "Alright then, see you!" Lily waited on the edge of the Black Lake for a returning boat. She looked across to the tall castle that loomed over the lake, on the top of the hill. It looked like a formidable fortress, but a million windows shone with flickering candles and to Lily, it was home. "It's a right beauty isn't it?" Lily jumped at the voice beside her, but then smiled at a brown haired boy. "Hello Remus."