still his best friends, they would take care of him. Peter's betrayal still lingered in their silences, but she knew that Harry's laughter filled them. She suspected even her husband laughed while visiting Sirius and Remus with Harry... yes, the divorce would be good for him. She was only pulling him down, and James was only ever meant to fly. She could hear Harry tapping his spoon against his bowl. She folded the letter and put it and the lily inside the envelope, and entered the kitchen to give him more food. "Some juice, Harry?" she said lightly, softly. She poured watered-down pumpkin juice into his bottle and handed it to him. Harry took it and she watched his eyes widen as he registered the sweetness, unused to being allowed at this time in the afternoon, and certainly not from his mother. In return, he treated her to one of his toothy grins, which she hadn't seen in so long. She smiled too, surprised. This was all her letter-writer's doing. He had put her in a good mood, and she had been kind to her son. She desperately wanted this to be her reality, but she knew she wouldn't stand in court without him at her side. Until he revealed himself to her, she would be stuck in the marriage which had died so long ago. She wasn't particularly worried, though, and despite herself, smiled a bit as she heated more food for Harry. She might not know his name, but she knew he would always wait for her. James grinned down at Harry as they Apparated in front of their house. He was still swaying in his arms. "Whoa, whoa, whoooa!" Harry said in his high-pitched voice, slamming himself back and forth against James' chest. He laughed. Harry could be so dramatic sometimes. "All right, little lion, calm down." Harry raised a curled hand and tried to make his face look dark. "Rrrr-awr," he said, attempting to mimic Sirius' growl. The whole "little lion" had been his idea. Sirius wanted to paint his nursery in Gryffindor colours, and James had thought it a good idea too, but Lily had put her foot down, saying that she didn't want to force a specific House onto him, and anyway, she couldn't bare to think of him growing up and leaving for school, and didn't he realise they'd be all the more disappointed if he spent eleven years living in scarlet and gold, only to write home and announce himself a Slytherin? James smiled at the memory of his wife, his Lily, making a joke. Laughing with him. She hardly looked at him anymore. Shifting Harry in his arms to get a better grip on the handle, he opened the door and stepped into the kitchen. Harry did not seem to notice his mother sitting, staring at a fixed spot near the sink, because he kept at his chatter, but James did. She was still quite pale, but had colour in her cheeks. He placed Harry in his high chair and turned to look at her. She was still so beautiful. It amazed him. No matter how little she paid attention to herself, no matter how broken she felt her soul was, she was still so beautiful. Her hair still fell in its dark red locks, and though her eyes had long since lost their shine and laughter, they remained the deepest shade of green, duplicated in their son's ever-cheery face. "He didn't eat much," he said, when he realised she wasn't going to say anything. Lily didn't miss a beat. "How much should I feed him." That stung. Why didn't she ask why he hadn't fed him? Why was she okay with them switching off shifts like this? James shrugged, still hurt. "Till he stops eating, I guess." Lily's expression remained blank. He wasn't quite sure she heard him... he could never talk to her anymore, could he? But then she nodded. He knew she wouldn't move until he left. She still had not returned to him since that night at Godric's Hollow. That damned mind-healer was a joke, and it didn't look like she ever would. "I'm going to take a nap," wrestling inwardly with himself as he casually called out the lie. He made his way to their bedroom-well, it should have been their bedroom. It was mostly his. Lily slept in different guest rooms around the house, never feeling comfortable for a moment. Should he offer to move them back to Godric's Hollow? He had been told that would be too traumatic. He ran a hand through his hair and caught a glimpse of his furrowed brows in the mirror across from their-his-bed. How was he supposed to know what she was thinking when she didn't tell anyone? James sat down on the edge of the bed. He swallowed and his expression hardened. His beautiful wife was not the only one keeping secrets. Sighing, he reached down and pulled out two things from underneath the bed: an envelope and a Stargazer lily. He imagined, not for the first time, what it would be like to go downstairs and present her with the letter and the lily himself. She'd go mad, he knew. She'd be confused and hurt. There was simply no way she suspected it was him... letter-writing was so not his thing, and he had never even given her flowers before. But still... how could she not know? He loved her and Harry more than anyone had ever loved anything. So much it hurt. It had been that way always, and he knew it would be that way until the very end. A/N: I'd much appreciate a review! Let me know if you liked it! I kind of have an idea of how to continue this and make it a two- or three-shot, so be sure to tell me if that's something you'd be interested in. I'm also dying to know if you suspected it was James.