nodding with approval at the direction of his thoughts. "Another few minutes and we'll know for certain." Before a positive identification could be made nowadays, a witch or wizard had to remain sequestered for an hour, to determine whether or not Polyjuice was in use. Even dead bodies would return to their previous state within an hour, if the person had drunk the potion a few minutes prior to their death. "Did her son say what alerted him?" Hermione asked, not taking her eyes off of the body while fiddling with the light adjustment on the camera around her neck. "I mean, was it the noise, or a smell, or what?" "I'm not sure," Ferguson replied. "He just said that his mother was in trouble. We can ask him a few questions later, once St. Mungo's has him checked out. I'll check on that, if you don't mind. I'll be right outside the house." She stepped out, and Draco suspected that St. Mungo's and the MLE headquarters weren't the only ones who would be getting a call. Ferguson had two children of her own. He shook his head, irritably pushing away those thoughts, and studied the scene once more. "A contained blast, but very violent," he murmured to Hermione, squatting beside her. "Must have been very sudden, else she might have had time to get away or do something." Hermione nodded, looking about them. "Do you see her wand?" she asked. "Chances are it was probably obliterated, but it's certainly worth looking at if it's around." Draco shook his head. "Check out the cauldron. Distorted, but still intact. Just looking at her, I'd say that she was standing over it." "Probably adding an ingredient or performing a spell," Hermione said, completing his thought, taking a few more pictures. " Accio Naomi Thiessen's wand!" With an almost apologetic air, five wand fragments dislodged themselves from the debris and zoomed into Hermione's evidence bag. "It's pretty bad," she said, looking down at the bits of wand, "but if I can repair it, or Butterfield can, we can at least see an echo of the last spell she performed." Draco only half-heard what she was saying, eyeing the powdery debris around Thiessen's body, continuing to emit small streams of indigo smoke. "That Extinguisher Spell works for most things, doesn't it?" "Hmm?" Hermione looked up from her perusal of the body. "Oh yes. Whatever the spell didn't get, the Inertia Powder will have taken care of." "Ah." Draco attempted to cover for his embarrassment. "Can I take the camera? I can get a few pictures of the smoke in progress." Hermione tutted. "When will you learn to bring your own?" It was a familiar argument. "Never," Draco said, taking the camera with an offhand manner. "I much prefer using yours." He threw the camera strap around his head and went to work. Observing how much glitter there was in the rubble as the flash illuminated the scene, Draco groaned. "We may have a problem," he muttered. Glancing at the wall near the door, he found a tattered photograph of Thiessen grinning in front of her potions bench, Nigel waving at up at him from his perch on the bench. His attention, however, was on the shelves behind them, colorful jars of potions and ingredients shelved just above the work area. Easy reach, and easy contamination of any potions wreckage. He groaned. "What's that?" Hermione asked, not raising her eyes from a battered lockbox, trying to pry it open. "I thought there was an awful lot of glass in the debris," he said, showing her the photograph, noting her understanding frown. "She didn't keep her ingredients in a locked cabinet or anything. She kept them on shelves above the workbench." He gestured at the blast area. "Figuring this combination out is going to take forever." "Maybe," replied Hermione, returning to fiddling with the lockbox, "or maybe not. She brewed potions for the locals, right? She has to have order forms around here somewhere. She'd probably keep them away from the lab to keep from spilling on them or something. Then we at least have a list of base potions to work from… Alohomora !" With a drawn-out groan, the box creaked open, hinges protesting after the beating they'd taken. Hermione gingerly drew out a small order book and leafed through it. "There we are. Order forms since…ooh, October. That should give us a good base to work from, right?" "Should," Draco agreed, taking multiple pictures of the suspect cauldron. The only one in this part of the room, a jumble of mixed cauldrons of varying metals and sizes on the other side suggested that they'd been cleaned and stacked for storage. "This might tell us quite a bit as well." "Taking it to Butterfield?" Hermione grinned up in his direction, at odds with the carnage of the scene. Draco sighed heavily, conjuring a clean crate for the cauldron. "Three more months. Three more months and then that moron is eligible for shift transfer. Any luck, and he'll be put on the night shift, and we'll get someone who's nice and relatively normal." "Considering the two of us, normal's not exactly a relative term," retorted Hermione, sounding amused. "In the meantime, though…" "Yes, in the meantime I will continue to restrain myself and show admirable tact in the face of his overwhelming lack of tact or regard for human feeling or foibles," he shot off, rapid-fire. "I believe that was your speech?" "It was," Hermione said, already sounding distracted. "There are forty potions she received orders for in the last three days, and that doesn't include potions that needed a longer brewing time. I wonder if she experimented?" "MLE will probably ask, but remind Ferguson when she gets back," Draco murmured, examining the pressure marks on the sturdy cauldron. "Kind of hard to tell under all this debris, but I think Thiessen brewed pretty cleanly, even if she didn't keep the best records in the world."