connection with the necklace. "Here we go then," Older Harry put his right hand on Evan's left shoulder and Evan mirrored his image. A spell was spoken and light enveloped the two. "Where are we?" Evan asked as he looked around. He was standing in space that was pure white. There was no way to describe it, it showed no shadows nor gave any indications of the size or depth of the space they were in. Older Harry made a grimace. "It appears that they want to talk to us before we go back." "More than talk," A voice said from behind them. Evan whipped around his head around to see three women, walking towards the two of them. The three seemed to be in their mid 30's. The shortest one, who had spoken, had incredibly straight black hair that made Harry's jet-black look light. It hung right at the center of her back and stopped- as if it wouldn't dare move even a centimeter past its intended length. The bangs that framed her angular face acted in the same manner. The woman had a certain aura that exuded a firm controlling nature. The woman in the middle had brown hair done up in plaits, which seem to weave around the top of her head, leaving a round jovial face. The last woman was just as tall as the second, her heart shaped face framed by various shades of blonde, splaying fiercely every which way, giving Harry the impression that it could not be tamed by any hairdresser alive. All three were dressed casually in muggle jeans and flowing tops. "We also need to lay down some ground work that will ensure your future training will be easier to conduct" the auburn haired woman added. "Or we could just let him go to meet the headmaster with no training and ruin the fabric of time I have worked so hard on," the blonde added dryly. "Evan, I'd like you to meet the three Fates. Atropos," Older Harry said, gesturing to the lady with black hair. "Clotho," a gesture to the lady with plated hair, "and Lachesis" he said with a nod to the last one. Evan tried not to look as weirded out as he felt. "Err, hello, it's nice to meet you all." Atropos nodded stiffly, Clotho smiled warmly and Lachesis seemed to be holding back a smirk. Evan turned back to the older version of himself. "If you are who you say you are, than why did you seems surprised to see them?" "Because you are not to remember exactly what happens here Harry Potter," Lachesis stated calmly in a voice that reminded Harry of Luna Lovegood, "you will only remember vaguely meeting with us, so you will be able to recognize us in these forms when we meet later in the physical world. You are mainly here so we may prepare you with abilities and materials to complete your upcoming tasks. Not to mentions so you can save your love." The older version of Harry perked up at this. "He makes it? Did I do as told- was I able to save him?" he asked breathlessly. "Yes, when you return to your timeline, Severus will be in his stasis, waiting to be awoken and nursed back to health," Clotho said warmly. Older Harry let out a breath and then smiled with an ability that younger Harry didn't even know he had. Then the name caught up with him. "Snape?" he choked out. Older Harry realized now as well that the names of his precious lover had been spoken aloud to his foolish younger self. "He cannot know that!" Older Harry said gesturing to his younger self. "The person we're risking this for is Snape?" Evan said incredulously. Lachesis shook her head in amusement. "Your younger self will not remember that. He shall leave here only with the knowledge that when he goes to the intended time, he will find his love and he also has a chance to save an incredibly brave man." "But Snape loved Mum, that's why, he..." younger Harry started. "Snape did love your mother- in a completely platonic way, " Atropos said, joining the conversation. "However, we must give you your gifts and send you on your way," Lachesis said, producing three books from Merlin-knows-where and placing them in a bag that mirrored the one that Older Harry had taken the potions from. "You will need these on your journey," she said as she handed him the bag. Clotho came right up to Harry and smiled. "Hold out your hand!" Harry did so with somewhat of a blush on his face. It was slightly unnerving having someone you just met standing so close to you. Clotho took his hand in hers and scrunched her face in concentration, after what seemed like ages, she opened them once more and smiled. "I have weaved the abilities that were not allowed to be present back into your thread," she said simply and walked back to her sisters. Atopos stepped towards the two of them, then without a warning, she hugged younger Harry, then older Harry. "You will meet us again. Thank you for accepting me and what I have to do for the world." She said looking at the younger version. Then looking at the older man, she gave him a small smile "How could I not give you your well earned time with him?" she said and stepped back to join her sisters. The three looked proudly over their creation. The whiteness began to fade to dark and Harry felt himself grow sleepy. His eyes closed as he heard a soft voice. "Remember Harry, everyone has a destiny, we give you your abilities, but only you can choose what to do with them." And with that, Evan slipped into a deep sleep. Tbc… So I know it is short, but any comments on spelling errors or a review are much appreciated! Thanks for reading. -BongoMonkeys