the table make me want to focus rather than take a nap. For a few hours, anyway, I manage to do some good, solid revision. It turns out that it's much easier to focus on schoolwork when there isn't the threat of the darkest wizard in existence hanging over me every second. At approximately eleven at night, the brightest witch of her age comes strolling into the kitchen wearing her boyfriend's bathrobe. The garment utterly dwarfs her, the sleeves hanging down over her hands. "Harry!" she exclaims, jumping about a foot when she sees me. "I didn't know you were down here." "Yeah, just me, don't worry." Fetching a glass from the cupboard, Hermione fills it with water from the sink. She uses one hand to hold the neck of the robe together as she turns to face me. "I'm really sorry about earlier," she starts in with a pained expression, "I know that must be so awkward-" "Don't be," I say. "It's no big deal." "I just feel bad, I mean, we should probably exercise a bit more self-control." Well, probably, I mentally agree, though I know she's not just talking about their little afternoon romp in the sitting room. She's talking about the little things, the hand-holding, the kissing in reward for studying game, the times when she falls asleep with her head in his lap. And she shouldn't feel bad about wanting to be affectionate with him. They spent years holding back from one another, I don't want them doing it now because of me. "No, it's fine," I tell her. "You're my best friends, I want you to be happy. And I mean, I remember what it's like to… to be all blissed out on someone like that." "Oh, Harry, come to dinner tomorrow!" Hermione cries, flinging herself into the chair across from me. "What's the worst that happens?" "The worst? That she completely ignores me." I'd rather she use her signature Bat-Bogey Hex, or call me a prat and punch me in the bollocks, because then I would at least know she still cares. Indifference would be the worst thing. "Well, logically, I don't think that will happen, Ginny's got a bit of a temper." "Thanks. That makes me feel loads better." "I know she misses you, she's just hurt right now." Hermione gives a little tug on the neck of her/Ron's robe, obviously self-conscious about her attire. "Shouldn't you get back upstairs? Won't he wonder where you are?" "No, he's asleep," she dismisses that notion. "Maybe if you just talk to her-" "I have!" I shoot back. "Of course I have, but she doesn't want to hear it, she keeps telling me that I think everything should happen on my terms and I'm a selfish arsehole. She thinks I chucked her because I got bored or something-" "No, she doesn't," Hermione asserts confidently. "She knows why you did it, but it's not that easy to dive into something with someone unless you know they won't hurt you again." She's obviously speaking from experience. "For what it's worth, I think you did the right thing." "See, I don't know if I did," I confess. "I don't know what I was thinking. Even if she wasn't my girlfriend, she was still part of the biggest blood traitor family around, and I mean, for all we knew, Snape could have gone to Voldemort at any time and told him about me and Ginny, he was our teacher all year, I just…" Dropping my head in my hands, I grab two fistfuls of my already-messy hair. "I was just trying to protect her, but I fucked it all up. Did you know she was the last thing I thought about when I went to go sacrifice myself? And that I spent all last year watching her dot on the Marauder's Map?" "Harry," Hermione says gently, placing a hand on my arm so that I release my hair. "You should tell her all of this, but more than that… you have to show her." "Show her." "Yes," insists Hermione. "You know, Ron and I, we were right on the verge of something… but then he left. And it took me a long time to trust him again - I mean, really trust him not to do anything like that ever again, and he must have apologized to me about a thousand times but that wasn't what did it." I can tell she doesn't like talking about this, and neither do I. Our months on the run were rarely, if ever, enjoyable, but the weeks Ron was gone - five or so, they all bled together - were hands down the worst. Hermione and I were miserable, and we reminded each other of Ron so we only interacted when absolutely necessary. But she's discussing it now, so that means that it matters. "So what did he do?" "Well, it wasn't one thing, it was everything," she says. "Just the things he did day in and day out, little things that he did not expecting anything in return… one day I realized that he was always going to be there for me and I didn't have to be afraid anymore." "So…" I haven't had a heart-to-heart with Hermione like this possibly ever. "So you're saying Ginny's afraid?" "Yes! She loves you - oh, don't look at me like that, she does - and she needs to know you're not going anywhere. And you can show her that you're not, and you can start by going to dinner tomorrow." Hermione nods decisively like she knows she has just proven her point. "I said I would think about it." "But you were lying." Finishing off her glass of water, she stands on bare feet. "Now if you don't mind, I'm going to bed." "You started this conversation," I remind her, smiling in spite of myself. "Yes, well, you needed to hear it." "Goodnight, Hermione." Thank you for reading! Please leave a review :)