that magic was real, and that if he concentrated he could perform real magic at that very moment, so he used his inherent Slytherin cunning and said, "I don't know? Do you believe in magic?" Hermione smiled mischievously at him and said, "Oh, yes! I most certainly believe in magic!" Draco looked at her with unmasked surprise as she continued to give him an impish look. He was starting to get a bit nervous, but then Hermione signaled for him to follow her just off the path to patch of wild flowers. "I have a secret." she said quietly. Draco watched as Hermione picked a flower and held the delicate yellow blossom in her left palm. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as she placed her right hand over the flower. When she removed her hand the blossom had turned purple, she repeated the action and turned the flower red, then again and turned it back to yellow. Draco shook his head and looked at her with wide-eyed surprise and asked excitedly, "Can you do more?" Hermione nodded yes and took another deep breath. She closed her eyes once again and holding the flower up gently blew it out of her palm, as it began to flutter down it transformed into a butterfly and fluttered off without a second thought. The children stared at each other for a long moment, but before they could say anything about Hermione's beautiful display of magic they heard the beckoning of their mothers on the path. They quickly made their way to the path where they were gently questioned about where they had disappeared. "Hermione was showing me the flower patch and we saw a butterfly." Helen and Narcissa smiled and bid the children to follow back to the street. They parted ways again hoping to see each other again this summer. As Narcissa a Draco landed in the drawing room of Malfoy Manor, Draco could barely contain his excitement. "Mother, she can do magic, she can do magic!" "What, darling? Who can do magic?" "Hermione! She picked a flower and changed the color of the petals and then when she blew it out of her hand, it turned into a butterfly! Do you think her mum's a witch too? Do you think she'll be at Hogwarts in my year?" "Will who be at Hogwarts in your year?" A smooth deep voice asked from the door. Narcissa and Draco looked up into the foreboding eyes of Lucius Malfoy. "Lucius, darling, we didn't expect you back until summer's end." Narcissa attempted with a calm tenor to her voice, though her eyes betrayed her surprise and shock. Lucius repeated, "Who will be at Hogwarts in Draco's year?" "Draco, darling, go to your room." Narcissa bade. "No, Draco, have a seat." His father commanded. Draco sat and stared uncomfortably as his father slowly walked into the room. "What have you done, Narcissa?" "Now, Lucius, it not an apocalyptic event." "I'll be the judge of that. What did you do?" "ItookDracointomuggleLondon." Narcissa muttered. "WHAT!?" Lucius roared! "I took our son into muggle London." Narcissa said this time clearly and with a hint of rebellion in her eyes. Lucius drew in a deep breath before he continued, "And you purposefully exposed him to… muggles? " He said with unconstrained disgust in his voice. "Yes." "What were you thinking?" "I was thinking that exposure to a different culture could only serve to make a better man of him." "A better man than me ?" Lucius said derisively. "No, Lucius, just a man with a mind more open to the possibilities of this world in which we live, the whole of the world, not just the wizarding world." She replied sadly. Lucius drew in a breath and said simply, "Leave us, Narcissa." "What are you going to do Lucius?" She said nervously as she felt her eyes begin to string with tears. "Leave. Us." Narcissa backed slowly out of the room imploring Draco with her eyes to trust that everything would be alright at days end. Hot tears began to fall as she started to close the door slowly and just before it closed completely, she heard Lucius utter a spell. " Obiliviate" She struggled to breathe for a brief second mourning the loss of wonder and innocence for her son. Before she could escape down the hallway, Lucius exited the room and with a dark look toward his wife, and spoke simply, "I've fixed your mistake, see that it doesn't happen again." Narcissa took a deep cleansing breath, controlled her emotions and replied, "Of course." Five Years Later Platform 9 ¾ was bustling as usual for September first, families seeing their students of all ages onto the Hogwarts' Express. Narcissa fussed over Draco's robes and his hair as Lucius looked on with minimal emotion toward the situation. He subtly observed the other families, some he knew, some he didn't, though paying little attention to those he didn't recognize as political or business allies. As his gaze returned to Narcissa, he noticed a fleeting look of recognition and then fear in her eyes before she turned to once again to dote on Draco. Lucius glanced in the direction she had looked and saw a middle aged man and woman with a small curly headed girl, seemingly Draco's age. The parents were not wearing robes, so he surmised they must be muggles. He scoffed at the idea of muggle born students, and allowed his pride to swell as he thought of Draco's inherent superiority to this little whelp of a child. He couldn't fathom for the longest moment why they would elicit such a reaction from Narcissa. But then a dark look came over his face as he realized these were the muggles that Narcissa so foolishly exposed Draco to five years ago. Thankfully Draco would have no memory of such madness. Lucius laughed to himself. What could that small, bushy-haired muggle born possibly achieve in the wizarding world?