to turn him down?" "Yes, yes, exactly!" Amaury nodded in approval at her. "It would be a complete waste of talent!" Malfoy ignored the Frenchman. "What's it to you?" he asked Ginny. "Why should you care what I do?" "I don't," she admitted. "I just get the feeling that maybe you really do like art." She couldn't imagine him walking around with paint stains on his fingers or examining Muggle street art if that wasn't the case. Not the ever-immaculate, Muggle-hating Malfoy. "I just don't understand why you'd turn down this opportunity," she continued. "I mean, if this is your passion then don't you want to make a career out of it?" The look he gave her could have turned a Basilisk to stone. Ginny didn't understand what his deal was with her. Was he just a moody bastard all the time? Was there something she was missing? "What are you even doing here?" Malfoy demanded, apparently deciding that turning the conversation on her was preferable to defending himself. "Amaury invited me," she said, raising her chin. "Got a problem with that?" "Yeah, actually." Malfoy turned on the other man. "It's bad enough you stalked me here, but why'd you bring her?" "Elle est bonne," Amaury said with a shrug. Ginny wasn't sure what that meant, but it made Malfoy roll his eyes and mutter something that sounded suspiciously like "horny bastard" under his breath. She decided not to ask for enlightenment. Besides, Amaury was far more interested in wooing Malfoy to become his protégé. "Isn't there anything I can do to make you reconsider?" Amaury asked. "Anything at all?" Malfoy met his gaze coolly. "Yeah. Piss off." The blond turned and left on the words, if not rather stompily. Amaury didn't try to stop him this time. Ginny could only stare at Malfoy's retreating figure. A Slytherin turning down favours and behaving with zero attempt at subtlety? That wasn't like him at all. "What's his problem?" she muttered. Amaury pinched the bridge of his nose. "I wish I knew. He's always been difficult, but never like this. Maybe I was too pushy." A sigh escaped his lips and he again muttered something in French. She looked at the older man curiously. "Is he really that good?" "See for yourself." He reached into his pocket and brought out a Muggle device she recognised as a mobile phone. He flicked through the menu until he brought up a picture that had clearly been taken without Malfoy's awareness: a bit of Malfoy's hair, profile and shoulder were in the frame, and his hand was covering a part of the canvas, brush still in hand. But she could see the image he had been creating: an abstract depiction of a person in grey tones, with hints of green splintering through. The colour of the death curse. It was like a scream captured in picture; it was an echo of the war—of what he experienced in the war. Looking at it made her feel trapped and lost and hopeless. Something hollow formed in her stomach. "It's amazing, right?" Amaury said. "So intense, so much feeling. The weight of it just hits you." Ginny swallowed against the sudden dryness in her mouth. "Maybe he feels it's too personal to share." Even she felt a bit uncomfortable looking at it, like she'd caught a glimpse into his soul and wasn't sure what to do with the knowledge now. She'd always thought the Malfoys had just been out to save their own skins once they'd realised it would be more beneficial to support Harry. Maybe that was even true, but Draco Malfoy's art suggested that wasn't the full story. "Art is an expression," Amaury responded simply. "That's what makes it interesting: all the pieces that the artist puts of him or herself into the image—we want to figure it out. We ask ourselves what it means, why the artist chose those colours, that lighting, this perspective." He gestured at the image. "Draco's voice is unique. He shouldn't silence it." She shrugged. "Can't help you there. He seemed pretty set on not going public." "That's what worries me. He's so stubborn." Ginny said nothing. It wasn't like she knew how he could persuade Malfoy. Just meeting the blond again had made her see she didn't know him half as well as she'd thought; all she had were assumptions and judgements made from what she'd glimpsed of him at Hogwarts. Didn't change the fact he was still a stuck up bastard. "Well," Amaury said, flashing a smile. "I'll figure something out. I refuse to let someone so talented slip through my fingers." "You're really determined, huh?" "Art can be as captivating as love. When it speaks to you, you can't help but pursue it." Ginny bit back a smile of her own. "Good luck with that." He was going to need it if he wanted to win Malfoy over. Amaury grimaced, perhaps realising the same thing. They headed back to his scooter and he asked her if she wanted to join him for dinner. She was happy enough to accept—even with the detour so he could talk to Malfoy, both were aware of what they were hoping to get from each other. Besides, she had to admit she was a little curious to know how Amaury had got involved with the blond. Maybe she could learn more about why Malfoy was in Nice; it wasn't like Malfoy had been forthcoming with her. Well, at least it would be a distraction. LiJuno's Prompt (#1) Basic premise: Draco and Ginny surprisingly meet in France, where they discover unexpected aspects of the other or basically find out just how little they actually know about each other (or themselves?). Must haves: While romance may spark, I'm looking more for a believable finding of mutual respect/care; they should be in their early twenties. No-no's: Draco/Pansy; Ginny/Harry may have happened, but is not current. Rating range: Any. Bonus points: A coastal scene, some French skills.