checks over her purse of possessions. Everything that she could fit. "Draco, have you seen my glass rod?" she calls out, knowing that he'll be there. "I haven't," he says quietly, entering the room. "I need to get going on that case with the retirees' identity theft, so I thought I'd say goodbye now." He is almost emotionless, but she knows him well enough by now to understand that this is when he's struggling with some of the greatest emotion. "I'm going to try and bring you back to Wizarding Britain, Draco. Do you understand me?" she asks, before he can cut her off. "I'm going to get them to let you carry a wand again, and – " "It won't work," he says softly, coming forward to wrap his arms about her waist. "Hermione. Be logical. I'm still an ex-Death Eater." "You were a frightened young man pushed into that life when your family was threatened," Hermione whispers, starting to shake and pressing her forehead against his shoulder. "Right now, you're an adult who is making the lives of people around him better, fighting crime." "By doing illegal things," he reminds her, gently. "Half the things you and I do here each day could get us thrown into Muggle prison, to say nothing of Azkaban. Now, look at me." He titled her chin up, forcing her to look at him through teary eyes, as if they were both underwater. "All those years I waited under house arrest for my case to come to trial? I was miserable. I'm not a wizard here, but I'm free. I can come and go as I choose, actually live my life. Now you go, and live yours. Be happy." Draco kisses her then, and she loses herself one last time in this contradictory man. She'll be back to visit her parents, he knows it, but she knows that he'll make himself scarce. It won't be the same. He turns away then, without looking back, and strides out the door. Hermione sits and waits for the Auror to Apparate her back to London, trying to choke back her tears. When you work in intelligence, you get used the fact that some things are worth risking everything for. You sign up for the lifestyle, or the chance to serve your Ministry, or the dim possibility that you'll help raise the welfare of House-Elves. But finally, it all comes down to putting your ass on the line for something. It's the way she manages to surprise him, walking into the dim interior of his apartment to find him idly twirling her glass stirring rod in his fingers. "Knew I forgot something." The shock on Draco's face slowly ebbed away into wary caution, and he gave the rod a final turn. "You did," he rasps. "So what are you going to do?" Hermione tentatively walks forward towards him, taking a seat opposite him in the couch with the sinking seat. "There are two options," she says quietly, laying her hands flat along her knees to stop them from shaking. "List them, then," he replies. She looks down a moment, gathering her words. "What's non-negotiable is that I no longer work for Ministry intelligence. They were all too willing to believe in my guilt before my innocence, and the evidence was shoddy to begin with. I also don't think I want to go back to England, at least for a while." His surprise shows on his face. "Potter and the Weasel?" She sighs. This was the part that hurt the worst. "I understand Harry has his family to protect, and Ron's got his parents and siblings to look out for. But still, after all the times I broke the rules for them…you'd think they'd have managed to slip me a note…or something. They sounded like they kind of believed the whole frame job…" Hermione swallows, and looks down at the floor. He could touch her, reassure her, but he's waiting for her to move first. "Anway," she finishes. "The choices are two – I have my wand and identification. I can figure out some identification from a wizarding source for you, so you can get a wand, and we can live as outlaws, kind of." He's swallowing dryly – she can tell because he's having some trouble. "The second option?" he rasps once more. "I figure out some fake identification for us as English expatriates, and snap my wand." Draco is very quiet for a time, examining every angle of her face as if her were going to paint a picture of her at this moment in time. "But you like helping people," he says, in some surprise. "You always said – " "I do," she finishes, cutting him off. "But I was doing that with someone else here, and I think we were rather more effective. Besides…even if Harry and Ron had been the ones working to clear my name, or if the Ministry hadn't been so quick to dismiss me…this is home now." They stare at each other across the gulf of the rug. Hermione did not know what to call the look on Draco's face, half-wondering, half-disbelieving – only that she'd always wanted someone to look at her like that. "I feel like I should be on a knee," he mutters, shaking his head. "Hermione, are you sure?" "I am," she says, and it's true. She might be helping people on a smaller scale, but they needed help, too. She's also pretty sure that she doesn't want to live so far apart from her parents. She won't admit to it quite yet, but she's also missed the taste of half-burnt onion bagel in the morning. "What should we do?" she asks, gently prompting. He looks at her for another long moment, and cocks his head. "I say we sleep on it," he answers, drawing her out of the sinking cushions, up to face him, and into joy. "We can figure it out in the morning."