over the back of his neck and offering small, light kisses against his jaw. Even soft, he manages to stay inside of her as he shifts to the side, turning her so they faced each other on the still completely-made bed. They kiss languorously. He feels her lips turn upwards against his, and then her hand between his legs, massaging his balls. When she rests her head against his chest, he cringes at how reverent he is of her right now. "Are you this much of a slut for all of your clients?" He wants to sound brash and unfeeling, but he can feel the insecurity in his own voice. She evidently picks up on this too, because she says, "Why? Want me to tell you you're special? That only you can make me cum like this?" He growls and pulls out of her. "You really are the worst whore ever." He pushes her onto her back again, and plunges two fingers into her cunt. "You… don't… seem … to … really… mean … that." Her words are haughty but his effect on her is unmistakable. She cums in a messy splash in less than thirty seconds. He continues to drive his fingers inside of her, occasionally flicking her clit with this thumb. "I do," he says against her ear, when she cums again. "I do want you to tell me I'm special." With some effort, she manages to pull his fingers from between her legs and rises to her knees to straddle him. She slowly drags his hand over her smooth, flat belly, then across her full, soft breasts, and finally to her lush, open mouth. She sucks his index finger between her lips, with a flourish of her tongue. "You – " Now, she's sucking his middle finger, all the way to the back of her throat. "Are. Very." She licks his palm decadently. "Special." Merlin, somehow, he's rock hard again already, but he manages to keep his voice cool. "Now, how am I supposed to believe that? Coming from a whore's mouth?" She doesn't respond, though he can feel her body tensing. He gloats snidely that he's managed to barb her. It makes him feel more in control, as he impatiently flips her around onto her knees and drives into her from behind. From this position, she feels impossibly tight. Her face is pressed into the mattress, muffling her moans. He pulls her head back by her hair with one hand, and harshly pinches her nipples with his other. Her words are barely intelligible, partly because she can't stop moaning, and partly because blood is pounding in his ears. She says something like, "Is that the best you can do?" He drops his hold on her hair and her breasts and she falls like a rag doll onto the mattress, still impaled on his cock. He's sure his grip on her hips will leave marks, and he thinks with satisfaction how many healing charms she'll have to use to erase him from her body. The thought makes him thrust harder. For good measure, he bites down on her shoulder and palms both her breasts roughly when he cums. He manages to register that she's cumming too, quivering tightly around his cock. He stays bent over her for long minutes, panting heavily from possibly the greatest orgasm of his life. Eventually, he registers something hot and wet drip on to his arms, which are wrapped tightly around her shaking body. Tears? Shit, he says to himself. He's made her cry. He pulls away stiffly, disgusted with himself for losing control again, but she squeezes his arms to keep them around her. "Sorry," she says quietly, her voice tinged with a sob. He's flabbergasted. "Why are you sorry?" "I mean –" She tries to speak, but she can't stop crying. He holds her while she struggles to restrain her sniffles. "Shhh…" He says, in his best imitation of someone offering comfort to a tearful lover. "Don't apologize. I shouldn't have hurt you like that." She only sobs harder, her petite body shaking in his embrace. Then, she's… laughing? "What –" "I mean …. I'm sorry…. You didn't hurt me…. I don't know why I cried…" she manages to get out between giggles. "And now, I don't know why I… can't… stop… laughing." He notices her flesh is now covered in goosebumps, so he moves the blankets around them so they're both under the plush, goose-down comforter. "You must think I'm insane," she says, when her giggles are finally quieted. He doesn't respond, instead, opting to pull her close and kiss the top of her head. He feels infinitely weary from this night he knows he didn't deserve. From the endless adrenaline rush that was fucking Hermione Granger. And though the responsible part of his brain is telling him to get up and get the fuck out of there, the rest of him sinks into the comfort of curling up around her. Of the kisses she peppers on his forearms. And of the vulnerability in her soft voice as he drifts away from consciousness. "Somehow, you make me feel… more than I have in a long time." He's sure it's just another line she uses to get bigger tips from clients, but sleep overtakes him before he can argue. Draco is used to waking up from nights of drunken debauchery, but his body and cock have never been quite this sore. Nor has he ever been this… paralyzed? Startled, he realizes he's rigid, and not in a good way, from an expertly cast Petrificus Totalus . He is also completely naked. Before him, Hermione Granger is fully clothed, sitting in a chair she's pulled up beside the bed. "About time you woke up, Malfoy ." She spits his name out, like it's something toxic she's about to annihilate. Fuck. END OF CHAPTER 1 AN: I haven't written anything in forever and would really appreciate feedback! Thank you, lovely readers! :)