on the left is the girls' the one on the right it the boys. Now go to sleep," the prefect boy said as he walked up the right set of stairs. The girl rolled her eyes. "Feel free to read any books on the shelves, but class starts tomorrow so you might want to go to bed soon. Goodnight!" Serena went up to her dorm immediately, thinking she would be the only girl. After all, she had only seen five new Ravenclaws and the four that weren't herself were boys. Much to her surprise, there were four beds in the 1st year dorm, each with luggage on it. Apparently she had zoned out more than she thought. There had been a surprisingly small amount of students, and some weird alphabet name skips. Exactly how many students had she missed being sorted? Come to think of it, she only remembered seeing 23 including herself, and there were probably at least 50 first years. How had she missed this huge gap in her information? Deciding that it was probably due to stress, she thought it best to get to bed. Rounding the large furnace in the center of the room, definitely for cold winter nights, she peered at the names on the luggage. Before she found hers, however, there was a screech and in the room landed a beautiful black owl. " Star!" Serena grinned, but to anyone else in the room it would have sounded an awful lot like an owl screeching. That was what made Serena so strange. It was one thing to talk to animals, everyone did it sometimes, and another to actually be able to understand them. However, when you magically start speaking their language when you talk to them, it catapults you from "kind of weird" straight to "grab the straightjacket". " Star Who Shines Brightly in the Sky," the owl corrected, preening. Not all animals could speak back as well as Star (who chose her own name by the way). It all really depended on the intelligence of the species in general. For example, cats and dolphins were two other types of animals that spoke almost human-like while… say, most fish. They didn't so much use sentences as just say "Food. Hungry. Eat." Then there were dogs, who were pretty articulate. But then they would get excited and only have the brainpower to summon up one word over and over again. Of course there were always exceptions- owls who were mentally impaired. Fish who were certifiable geniuses. Why, once she had talked to a monkey about the theoretic creation of a plasma injector and fuel core like on star trek. She used to visit him all the time, but he was transferred to a different zoo a few months before she had to leave for Hogwarts. " Star Who Shines Brightly in the Sky, I missed you!" Serena cooed, seating herself on the bed Star had pegged as hers. It was just to the left of the arched window, which had a large ledge to sit on and, it seemed, no glass. Which was strange, because though Star had just flown right through there certainly looked like there was a window. Plus it would just be ridiculously idiotic to have a hole in a tower of first years. She would check it out later. " Do you have food?" Star asked, head cocked to the side. " No, sorry, I-" The door opened and Serena stopped talking immediately. "Oh, Hi! You're Serena, right?" Asked the first girl who walked in. She was taller than Serena (most people were, she had always been small for her age), with a bright smile and hair so blond it was almost white. She would probably have been a cheer leader if she had gone to a normal muggle school. Serena nodded silently as two others followed the first. "Where's the other owl?" The girl with curly red hair asked mostly to herself, brown eyes darting around the room in search of the missing bird. Serena thanked her lucky stars (Draco, Lyra and Sirius) that having an owl was normal in the wizarding world, and having two in a room didn't raise red flags. That girl seemed like the type that was funny, but had a slightly questionable sense of humor. The third girl, whose wavy brown hair was almost dark enough to be black, just waved timidly. She was, obviously, the timid nice girl who mellowed out her two friends. Interesting how three personalities so different were sorted into the same house. "I'm Rachel, the redhead is Liz, and she's Sydney," the blond introduced as she found her bed and plopped down. "Hey, why's it that you don't have a cage for your owl?" Liz asked bluntly. Serena supposed Liz was in Ravenclaw for her common sense, Rachel was probably very curious, and Sydney was book smart. "Star doesn't like cages. She gets really loud if she even thinks you're thinking about putting her in one," Serena grimaced, remembering the very long line of insults that came soaring out of the bird's mouth the first time they had tried that. "I have an owl too," Rachel said, sifting through her belongings in search of something. "He's a barn owl I named Carpenter because he has this habit of chewing on wood." "Um, Rachel, we should probably get to sleep," Sydney suggested quietly. "Mm hm. Yeah, we don't really have time for your pet photos right now. Maybe tomorrow at breakfast or something," Liz agreed, giving Serena an exaggerated eye roll when Rachel gave out a huff of air and pouted. "Fine," she whined, folding herself into the covers. "But I'm not changing." "Amen to that," Liz agreed. Despite that, Serena changed into her pajamas before she went to sleep. AN: First chapter! What do you think of Serena? Stick with it, and I swear there will be some Marauder action going on. This chapter was mostly to establish Serena's character.