go crazy?" "I'd argue that she already is crazy," Marlene piped up helpfully. Lily shot her daggers with her eyes. After several days of childish tantrums, shower mopings worthy of Moaning Myrtle, and numerous dire threats courtesy of Marlene, Lily straightened herself and caught up to James and his friends on their way down to the Halloween Feast. "You can do this," she whispered to her reflection in a hallway mirror. "That's the spirit!" the mirror wheezed, "unless it's murder. Don't murder!" "Hey, James!" she called, running after him in the corridor, "can I talk to you for a minute?" she blurted before she could lose her courage. He turned around, surprised. "Sure." She waited patiently for his mates to move along, but only Remus seemed to get the memo. He smiled at her encouragingly as he pulled Sirius away, whose jaw had just dropped. "Cursed, eh, Prongs?" he snickered as the two of them disappeared around the empty corner. "So, er-is this about the prefects' schedule that I messed up?" James ruffled his hair nervously, "because I promise I'll fix it. You can tell McGonagall that I swear-" "It's not about that," Lily gulped. "Oh." Silence. "Go on Lily," she told herself, "say it. 'James, sorry to interrupt but I'm madly in love with you,'" "So what curse is Sirius talking about?" she started nervously. Bad Lily. "Oh er-" he chuckled, "some joke my gran used to make." She raised her eyebrows. "She said Potters are cursed to fall in love with redheads," he smiled nervously, "my mother's a redhead, my gran's a redhead, you get the idea." "Do you believe her?" Either his grandmother was just as overdramatic as he was or she just had a twisted sense of humour. "Well, I mean, I've been chasing after a girl who happens to be a redhead half my life," he winked, "but no, I don't think it's a curse anymore. Difficult, yes, but not a curse." Her heart began to patter as he shoved his hands into his trouser pockets, cocking his head to one side curiously. Had she ever noticed that he had a single simple on his left cheek before? But what did she have in common with the women in his family other than their similar hair colour? A soft spot for messy, raven hair? A love for the clash of Quidditch muscles and bookish spectacles? "You know, James, you're probably right. I don't think Potters are cursed to fall for redheads." "No?" "No, I think redheads are cursed to fall for Potters." She finished in a whisper, rocking back and forth on her heels. His eyes bugged out of his head. Then suddenly, he began laughing. "Sorry, Lily, I need you to repeat that. I completely misheard. I swear you just said you like me-" "James, I-" "Crazy, right? Merlin, I'm really losing it-" "POTTER!" she shouted, effectively shutting him up. "Yes?" he asked weakly. She huffed. She strode forward, grabbing his face and bringing his lips down to hers in one swift motion, surprising even herself. And it was a dream. He stayed frozen for about a quarter of a second before he responded just as enthusiastically, pulling her to him. As her fingers curled around the nape of his neck, she finally understood why his hands were always in his hair; she'd always be ruffling hers if it was that soft too. Too soon, they parted, but he didn't open his eyes. "I must be dreaming," he muttered to himself, "Lily would never kiss me. Someone pinch me." So she did. "I think you'll find that she would." "Ouch!" he yelped, jumped back. Eyes open now, he stared at her for a long time. Then, just as suddenly, his face split into a wide grin. "You," he pointed at her, "just kissed me." "That I did," this time, she allowed a small smile to break on her face. He bounced on the balls of his feet for a few seconds, biting his bottom lip nervously. Then he leaned down and kissed her again, deeper this time, as if he'd been aching to do it for a long while. He pulled back enough to rest his forehead on hers. "So it's you that's cursed, eh?" he whispered. "Er no," she cringed at her own words, "It just slipped out. I meant to say something along the lines of 'sorry to interrupt, but I'm madly in love with you.'" He laughed quietly, his breath tickling her eyelashes. "Sorry to interrupt Evans, but I'm madly in love with you and I'm going to need you to go to Hogsmeade with me." "Only if you buy me half of Honeydukes," she grinned. Remus was right, being with James wasn't just easy; it was natural. "Give me a second," he whirled around, striding to the window before whipping it open. "I JUST SNOGGED LILY EVANS," James yelled into the chilly October sunset. Her jaw dropped in shock. The insufferable twat. "LILY EVANS SNOGGED ME" he continued to scream. She walked over to the window and dragged him away, a difficult task as he was much taller than she. "James, what in the name of Merlin do you think you're doing?" "Yelling it out so you can't deny that you did it later!" he said excitedly. "I won't have to deny it later if I kill you first- " "Oh hush Lily, we both know you're going to have my babies one day." He grabbed her hand, and a warmth she never knew existed spread from her fingers to the tips of her toes. "Urgh," she made a face, "probably," but then smiled slightly at his suggestion of a future for them. "So do you think McGonagall is going to piss her pants when we walk into the feast together?" he asked as they made their way down to the Great Hall hand-in-hand. "Probably," she repeated in a laugh, squeezing his hand. She couldn't wait to see the sight.