inside of her she responded evenly, "Malfoy Manor, Wiltshire." Following the end of the Second Wizarding War Headmistress McGonagall had invited all last year's seventh-year students to return to Hogwarts and complete their education. Only a handful accepted. Their numbers had not nearly been able to fill the gaping hole the war had left in the student body. One of them was Hermione. While Ron and Harry had already been accepted into the rigorous Auror training programme naturally there had been no need for them to go back to Hogwarts. Hermione however, had no desire chasing dark wizards for the rest of her career and much to the amusement of Ron and Harry she'd also professed to feeling dissatisfied with not having completed her education at Hogwarts. Ginny had eagerly welcomed her decision though. The prospect of going back alone had offered little attraction to the last Weasley to return to Hogwarts this year. Hermione had thoroughly enjoyed the train ride and and had smilingly watched the Sorting Ceremony. Now she watched with a tender smile as the first years sat down at their house-table bashfully and gingerly looked at her. It filled her with deep gratitude. This was what they'd defeated Voldemort for - life was resuming its course in freedom. She looked up when the Headmistress asked for a moment of silence for those who had fallen and announced that some of last year's seventh years would be returning as eighth years this year. A surprised whispering went through the Great Hall. With a single gesture Professor McGonagall silenced the students. "As I call your names would all of you eight years stand up for a moment?" She asked with her characteristic shaky voice, her friendly tone softening her stern Scottish accent. "From Gryffindor House: Hermione Granger." To this day Hermione remembered the thunderous applause she received from the other students when she rose from her bench. She smiled awkwardly as she noticed that even the teachers applauded. Headmistress McGonagall sent her a warm smile before she went on announcing the other eight years to return to Hogwarts this year. It appeared that she had been the only Gryffindor to return and there were none from Hufflepuff. However Hermione was joined by as much as four Ravenclaws and they exchanged knowing smiles, simply grateful to see each other again. In the mean time the Headmistress called the last name on her list. "And from Slytherin House: Draco Malfoy." The warm applause for the Ravenclaws suddenly died away and a shock went through the assembled students as all gazes, including Hermione's, were drawn to the Slytherin Table. On the other side of the Great Hall a blond young man slowly got up and straightened to his full length. Draco Malfoy. If he noticed the tumult in response to his presence he didn't show it. Standing tall in his black school robes, h e kept his gaze fixed on a mute point behind the Head Table, his sharp features a stony mask. He was just standing there, waiting resignedly for McGonagall's permission to sit down again. Hermione was just as shocked as the other students to see him rise to his feet at the Slytherin Table. Of all the former seventh years she'd never expected him to accept the McGonagall's invitation. But here he was. Draco Malfoy, her former nemesis with whom she, Harry and Ron shared so much history. His gaze fleetingly crossed hers but he showed no sign of recognition as they sat down. During the Start-of-Term Feast Hermione's gaze sometimes wandered off to the Slytherin Table but Malfoy kept his eyes down for the remainder of the evening, ignoring the many furtive looks in his direction. He refrained from interacting with fellow Slytherins as well. The moment dinner ended he'd already disappeared before Hermione and Ginny had untangled themselves from their bench. As classes began Hermione noticed that, devoid of his perpetual bodyguards Crabbe and Goyle and without Parkinson hanging off his arm, Malfoy seemed lost and almost lonely. Everybody knew of his family's betrayal of the Dark Lord and how they had had a narrow escape from imprisonment in Azkaban. Which was why Malfoy's housemates treated him with the utmost caution. They seemed to loathe him and his family who had once belonged to Voldemort's inner circle. His commanding presence kept them from coming at him him though so they settled for simply ignoring him instead while the rest of the school avoided him like the Death Eater they still held him for. It seemed to leave him cold though, Hermione noticed as she stole a glance at him once in a while. Something had changed about him that she couldn't quit put a finger on, but which had began to fascinate her enormously, much to her own chagrin. Perhaps it was his presentable appearance, the Slytherin tie perfectly tied, in contrast to its former pubescent sloppiness. Perhaps it was the way he kept to himself like never before, his scowls and disdain replaced by a stony indifference to his surroundings. He had stopped picking fights with her, lowering his gaze whenever they met in the school corridors. Hermione also noticed that he was sitting alone for most of the time during class, the school desk being almost too small for his long limbs as he was taking notes like it was the only thing left for him to do. It probably was. A/N: This Dramione fic takes place seven years after the ending of DH. Naturally, it's not epilogue compliant. In this story, Hermione has created a labour inspection for house-elves following her old wish to make life better for them. But accompanying the new inspectors she trained, also means that she will be stepping by Malfoy Manor and meet again with Draco Malfoy. The italic parts are flashbacks. The story will follow the pattern of an inspection cycle. Feel free to review! I love reading reviews. This story is completely revised in May 2017.