Mr. Malfoy used some form of magic to charm the previous Muggle owners into selling it to him. "Checkmate." Scorpius declared, jerking Albus violently out of his reverie. After losing his fifth match, Albus resisted the urge to throw the chessboard like a child having a tantrum, then announced moodily that he was never playing again. Scorpius laughed as he packed the board into his trunk. They both knew that he wouldn't actually stop playing, at least not until he won at least one game. At which time Albus was sure to boast his greatness, and proceed to speak fondly of the event for years to come. Ignoring his friend's poor sportsmanship, as usual, Scorpius grabbed a large, dusty book out of his bag and leaned his back against Albus' chest lazily. "Want me to read it aloud?" "Nah. I fancy a nap." Albus said, wrapping his arm around his friend to pull him close enough to drop his head on his shoulder. After a few moments, Scorpius snuggled a bit closer, seemingly lost in his book, and Albus became very aware of how close they were. They were practically cuddling. Do friends cuddle? He wasn't sure. It wouldn't be the first time he'd questioned their closeness. His own sister had made more than a few offhanded comments about it over the summer. Albus brushed it off. They had been through a lot more together than normal friends, he reasoned. Besides, he was quite comfortable. Dismissing the thought, Albus fell into a comfortable sleep. "Albus, get up! It's time to change into our school robes. We're nearly there." Albus' eyes snapped open to see Scorpius was already up, frantically pulling out his Slytherin robes. "Bloody hell, Scorpius!" Exclaimed Albus, annoyed. "You nearly gave me a heart attack." "Well get up, you lazy git. We fell asleep." He pulled Albus' robes out as well, throwing them at him roughly. "All right!" He scoffed, dragging himself up. In a huff, he began to discard his Muggle clothes. Glancing over to scowl at his mate, Albus paused. Scorpius was quickly tugging off his Muggle shirt while hastily pulling on his Slytherin tie. He'd seen his mate without a shirt many times, yet he had never properly looked. Scorpius had filled out a bit over the summer, as well. He'd grown taller, his shoulders were also broader, though not quite as broad as his own. It could no longer be denied that Scorpius was becoming rather fit. He was still almost unnaturally pale; oddly, it only added to his attractiveness. He was an almost exact replica of his father, with white blond hair and piercing gray eyes; although the Greengrass side of his lineage could be seen in his jaw, which was less pointy than Draco Malfoy's. And in the high cheekbones, which became more defined with age. He found himself subconsciously comparing himself to his friend. Scorpius was about two inches taller than he was, yet had a thinner waist. His arms were well defined; although, unlike Albus, he hadn't developed strong muscles in his abs. Rather, his stomach was flat, he had jutting hipbones that on anyone else may have looked feminine, but on Scorpius it was, well… sexy. He begrudgingly tore his eyes away from his friend and began pulling on his robes. It was odd, he thought, that Scorpius didn't have a girlfriend yet. Surely the girls noticed the way his eyes lit up when he laughed, or how he'd toned up since he'd joined the Quidditch team. Couldn't they see the way his fine blond hair shimmered in the sunlight, or how funny his nerdy puns were? Scorpius was clever, attractive, smart; and shallow as it may be, filthy rich. Even Albus couldn't think of better attributes in a partner. The only possible answer for the Hogwarts female populations egregious oversight was Scorpius' last name. He quickly dismissed the thought. He was acting like a right poofter, staring at his mate's body like that. It certainly wasn't his place to worry about his friends love life. After all, Scorpius had only ever liked one girl that Albus knew of, unfortunately Rose Granger-Weasley was not likely to ever date any Slytherin, much less a Malfoy. Not that she deserved someone as great as Scorpius. Even if she had been kinder to him in the last couple of years. "I can't wait to get to the feast." Scorpius complained, breaking Albus out of his thoughts. "I'm starving. I should have brought more sweets." Albus laughed. "Well you could have gotten something from the Trolley Witch, if you weren't still so scared of her." Scorpius visibly paled, which was quite a feat for someone who was practically transparent. "I can't believe they keep that monster here. Come on, the train has stopped." The boys arrived in their dormitory after the feast, full and ready to pass out in their comfortable four poster beds. Their dorm mates were already there changing into their pajamas. Gregory Bole looked up at them and waved. "Hello Albus, Scorpius! Have a good summer?" He was grinning from ear to ear. Something Albus found to be rather odd. The only thing that evoked that much enthusiasm in him was Quidditch. "I made Quidditch Captain!" He said quickly, before they had a chance to respond. It was obvious that he was bursting to tell them. "Good on you mate!" Exclaimed Scorpius. He walked over to shake his hand. "If you keep up your momentum this year, you may just make the team proper, Scorpius. I have a feeling that this is Slytherin's year." Gregory declared, triumphantly. Albus turned and rummaged through his trunk, pulling out his pajamas while the other boys continued to talk Quidditch. "We just need to watch out for the Hufflepuffs. Gryffindor hasn't done much since your brother graduated." Malius added, acknowledging Albus "Ravenclaw has been pants for years. Maybe we can tap into our true Slytherin spirits and hex Hufflepuff's new captain before the match."