walking back to the sphinx. "Back so soon?" She asked. "What is your answer?" "It's a spider." The sphinx smiled, got up on her hind legs, and let us pass. "Thanks!" Harry said, amazed at our brilliance. Or mine, I guess. The darkness started to fold in on us, and I remembered what happened right before Harry reached the Triwizard Cup. I jogged a bit to fall in step with Harry and warn him. "Harry ... up this path we're turning onto, there's going to be a giant spider." The Triwizard Cup glowed up ahead. Since I had saved so much time by telling Harry the answer, Cedric hadn't caught up to Harry and I yet. I thought that might be a good thing; Cedric would survive! My heart sunk as I realized what that meant for me. I would be the spare. I would be killed. Fear wrapped around my throat, choking me. I'd have to think fast when the time came, but for now I had a more immediate danger to deal with. We walked forwards carefully, waiting for the moment when the spider would jump out at us. Suddenly, I saw something immense over a hedge to our left, keeping pace with us on a path that intersected with our own. "Harry." I whispered, nodding my head to the spider we were about to cross paths with. He looked over, then, with a determined look in his eyes, said: "On the count of three. One... two...three!" We ran across the intersecting paths, and the spider, not completely sure what had just happened, was a bit slow starting up. But it was getting closer fast. " Stupefy !" Harry yelled over his shoulder. The spell hit the spider's gigantic black hairy body, but, for all the good it did, he might as well have thrown a stone at it; the spider kept on coming. " Stupefy ! Impedimenta ! Stupefy !" "Harry!" I yelled. "It's no use! Just get to the cup!" Even though I knew what was coming, there was no way I could prevent this. But I suddenly had an idea. "Wait! Don't touch it! Send up red sparks!" He was just inches from grasping the handle, but he wavered. "Why? It's right here! I can just end this!" He reached out, his fingertip brushing the tip of the handle, but I lunged, knocking his hand away at the last second, and the Triwizard Cup disappeared, thinking someone was holding on to it. "May!" Harry looked angry, but also a bit confused. There wasn't time to explain. "Send up the sparks! Just trust me!" I screamed. The spider was almost at the end of the tunnel. Harry hesitated, but seemed to realize there wasn't any other way, so he raised his wand and a stream of red shot out of it. The spider was now in the clearing, and we had no other option but to run and hope that a teacher would follow. Good thing I had changed from my school uniform into leggings when I got home, or I would never have been able to run this fast. "It's getting closer!" I screamed, as Harry kept trying to stun it. I could feel its hot, foul breath on my neck as my eyes looked up in desperation and found our last hope: Professor McGonagall, riding a broomstick, swooping down to get us. Harry clambered on with me behind him, and we flew up and away from the maze. We landed next to Fleur, Krum and Cedric, who must have seen the Cup disappear from another path. We were immediately surrounded by people cheering and laughing before Professor McGonagall shooed them away and Professor Dumbledore came down the steps of the bleachers. Other teachers and students were starting to realize something wasn't right and soon, the cheering was replaced with muttering and glances. Most people had now noticed me, whispering, asking each other who I was. "Who are you?" Dumbledore asked calmly, suddenly right in front of me, a small frown on his face. "May Green, sir." I looked up at him nervously. Even though I'd been reading about him for four years, he was still a bit intimidating. "Ah." The frown turned into a strained smile, and I could tell he was still thinking. "Miss Green, would you mind coming inside with Harry for some tea in my office? I believe there is an urgent matter that must be discussed immediately." "No, sir, I mean, yes sir, lead the way." I stumbled over my words awkwardly, trying to find footing in this new part of the story that was not supposed to happen. "Minerva, I think you'd better come too." I barely heard him, and started following him automatically. I knew the way to Dumbledore's office (seventh floor, past the blank wall that concealed the Room of Requirement), but there were so many things rolling around in my mind that I doubted if I could find my way by myself. Dumbledore was assuring everybody that everything was fine, it would be taken care of, but I could see his mind working. "Chocolate Frogs." Dumbledore stated, and I jumped when I realized we were already at the door to Dumbledore's office. We climbed the spiral stairs and entered the room, Fawkes singing his welcome and tea already on a table that I knew wasn't usually there. "Please, sit." Dumbledore gestured to the cozy-looking table with no chairs. He was clearly distracted. "Er...sir?" Harry inquired. "Oh, I'm so sorry, Harry. I have a lot on my mind." Even so, he smiled, waved his wand and four plush armchairs appeared from thin air. We all sat, and waited as Dumbledore took a moment to put his fingers together in a temple and gazed at Harry with his piercing blue eyes over half-moon spectacles. Nobody touched the tea. "Harry, I think we'd better start with you. What happened inside the maze?" Dumbledore nodded, and Harry started his story.