any circumstances, going to let Christopher ruin this for her, she was going on that date whether he liked it or not. 'I'm not going to let Christopher ruin this, I'm going out with Liam no matter what he says'. Annie grinned at her 'Go you Lea!, Girl Power!'. Kensy rolled her eyes 'Now that that's sorted we can move on to a more important topic, what she's going to wear!' While the girls got into, what she was sure was a simply fascinating debate about whether cardigans or sweaters are better, Aaliyah decided now would be a good time to get started on her sweets. She really wasn't kidding when she said she was starving. The rest of the journey passed pretty quickly and before Aaliyah knew it they had reached Hogwarts. She was currently seated in the great hall. Rose sat beside her and Kensy and Annie sat aross from them. She looked down the table and saw Liam seated with Frank Longbottom and Richard Smith. He caught her gaze and winked at her, she offered him a shy smile in the response. Rose cooed at her from beside her. She was about to roll her eyes her friend when her stomach growled 'What is taking the first years so long!' she complained, banging her fist on the table, 'I'm starving'. Kensy shook her head 'Do you ever think about anything other than your stomach?'. 'Nope' she replied cheerfully causing Kensy to roll her eyes and the other girls to laugh. 'You're not wrong you know' Rose said checking her watch 'they are taking longer than usual', no sooner than Rose had finished her sentence the doors of the great hall swung open to reveal Professor Longbottom, followed by a large group of terrified looking first years. The sorting moved pretty quickly starting with Adams, Aibigail and ending with Zabini, Cassandra. Aaliyah didn't pay much attention to the sorting but offered a polite applause when a student was sorted into Gryffindoor. Finally at long last the feast appeared, filling the four tables with dish after dish of food. Aaliyah grabbed her plate and filled it as much as she possibly could and promptly shoved a huge spoon of food into her mouth. Kensy wrinkled her nose 'Could you please close your mouth when you chew' she cried exasperatedly, she then pointed at Rose 'and your no better'. Rose swallowed the food that was currently in her mouth and grinned 'Hey, I'm a Weasley we all eat like this'. Kensy let the the subject drop but Aaliyah could still hear her mumbling about how she was friends with a pair of animals. Aaliyah simply ignored her and continued stuffing her face until she could eat no more. After everyone had finished eating the plates vanished from the tables and Professor McGonagall stood up at the staff table. She offered the hall a rare smile 'I hope you all had a great summer, I would like to take the liberty of inviting you all back for the new school year'. She paused 'Mr. Filch would like me to remind you that all Weasleys Wizard Wheezes products are banned from hogwarts and that the full list of forbidden items can be viewed in his office. I would also like to inform the first years and remind some of our older students that the forbidden forest is strictly out of bounds' she clasped her hands together ' Now, everyone has had a long day of travelling so if the Prefects would now lead the first years to their common rooms that will be all'. There was a sudden flurry of movement around the hall as everyone was anxious to go to bed. Rose turned to the girls 'I've got to go show the first years to the common room, see you in the dorm' the girls nodded at Rose's excuse before she went off to try and round up the rowdy first years'. The three remaining gryfinndoors walked out of the great hall in the direction of the common room andAaliyah yawned 'I'm exhausted'. 'All that eating must've tired you out' Kensy said dryly. Annie reached over and patted the blonde girl's shoulder 'You're just going to have to except the fact that our darling Lea will never have any table manners' she laughed 'Hurry up you two, I'm sure Lea's eager to get to bed so she can dream about Liam. The two girls laughed and Aaliyah felt a blush spread to her cheeks 'Oh hush'. After they reached the fat lady and got the password of a frazzled looking fifth year prefect (Hippogriff feathers if you were wondering) the girls hurried up to their room. Rose was already in her pyjamas when they entered the dorm. Aaliyah plopped down on her bed 'How was baby-sitting the first years?'. ' Well there were no Weasleys or Potters starting hogwarts this year, so fairly normal'. Aaliyah grinned, last year when Rose's cousins Molly and Roxanne were first years, they turned all the prefects' hairs blue. She yawned again, and pulled the thick duvet over her body, not even bothering to change out of her robes. 'Night' she called to the girls before she fell into a deep sleep. Well that's it. It only took me four days but it's finally done. Yay! Now some bad news. Okay so I'm going away to summer camp on Sunday and laptops aren't allowed, so unless I can finish writing the next chapter in two days (which I doubt) it's going to be 3-4 weeks before I update again. Please don't be mad. I'm really sorry! Next Chapter: It's the first day of school and Aaliyah's going to get some amazing news. We're also going to get a chance to meet all of Christopher's friends (James included!) and we will also see a little bit of Liam. Please follow this story and I would also love to hear you feed back in the reviews ~Bookworm742 xxx