"Oh! Yes." Dungo tore his gaze away from the ladles and turned around, walking back into the shop. Oddsbodds gave Draco a reproving glance, and they trailed afterward. They reached the back of the shop, and Dungo showed them where the doorknob had been blown open. Scorch marks scarred the doorframe. Draco held up a hand to the marks, feeling the echo of anger sparking against his skin. Dark magic – though they could verify that in other ways. "What kind of wards did you have up?" Oddsbodds said, examining the scorch marks. "Oh, the usual…" Dungo stared off into the distance, and Draco finally got a clear look into his eyes. They were bloodshot, and so dilated they looked like black holes in his skull. "Mr. Dungo?" he asked. "Mr. Dungo, are you all right?" He snapped his fingers in front of the older man's face. Dungo blinked. Oddsbodds looked up, interested. "Mr. Dungo, how many fingers am I holding up?" he asks, extending three in front of Dungo's bulbous nose. "…six?" Dungo mumbled, as if he wasn't quite sure of the answer. "Mr. Dungo, have you been drugged? Have you been hurt?" Draco asked, though he was pretty certain of the answer. "I don't…" "I think we need to get you to St. Mungo's, Mr. Dungo," Oddsbodds said briskly. "Well, all right, then," Dungo said affably. Oddsbodds extended a hand and gripped Dungo's elbow. Draco hesitated for a fraction of a second, then followed his example, gripping the soiled robes around Dungo's elbow, and helped guide him to a sooty fireplace inside the store. "Just a moment, Mr. Dungo. I'll Floo over with you, but I need to call someone to help Draco investigate." Draco chafed at this - he was perfectly capable of securing a crime scene and doing an initial examination - he'd worked several initial examinations solo so far during his training in the department. Oddsbodds grasped a bit of Floo powder in one hand, knelt down before the grate, and, throwing it in, shouted "Weasley's Wizard Wheezes!" before sticking his head down into the glowing embers. Draco scowled - he wasn't aware of any Weasley that worked in the Auror office - nor was he keen on working with any of the ginger brood. Beside him, Dungo stared off into the distance, drooling slightly, humming what sounded like Muggle jazz. Oddsbodds spent a few more minutes talking to someone at Wheezes, then climbed back out, brushing soot from his shoulders. "I think I'll Side-Along with Dungo here and see if we can find out what he's been affected by," he said, turning to Draco, and taking hold of Dungo's elbow again. "I've called in the swing shift trainee to give you a hand inventorying this place. Think you may have quite a job here." Oddsbodds' gaze swung to encompass the entire overcrowded shop. Draco fought to keep the grimace off of his face. He hated group work – absolutely detested it. As one of the better students in his year, he was highly sought after for homework help, a fact that flattered him until he realized that his work was being used by other students as their own. Malfoys didn't let anyone steal the glory that was rightly theirs. From then on, he far preferred working by himself, or with lackeys who could pick up the busy work. Crabbe and Goyle submitted to this willingly enough until they'd had to spend a good deal of their sixth year as little girls. The Death Eaters could provide muscle to get him to the tower – everything else he'd been able to coerce or arrange to his liking. He'd chosen Investigations partly because Investigators mostly worked by themselves in the field. "Mr. Oddsbodds, sir, who..?" Draco trailed off. "Who should I expect?" "Miss Hermione Granger," Oddsbodds called over his shoulder. "I believe you were acquainted back at Hogwarts?" Draco nodded jerkily. He'd forgotten that Granger was working in Investigations as well, though because she was on another shift, they rarely ran into each other. Which was as well, he thought. She seemed the type to forgive…but never to forget. The last time he'd seen her, she was being swallowed up in the embrace of Potter and an untold number of rodent-like gingers after they had both finished up their schooling. With no one to congratulate him , he'd palmed a handful of biscuits from the refreshment tables, charmed his trunk to float after him, and sped down the path to Hogsmeade as quickly as he could move without appearing to run. It wasn't until he'd glanced back, about to Apparate away, when he realized that this would likely be the last time he'd ever see the place. He turned back a moment, hands gripping the hard iron gates, sliding down in a loose hold. He'd hated his time here, true. Incompetent teachers, Mudbloods, Perfect Potter, and dangerous creatures in his younger years. Orders to kill, orders to torture, and the betrayal of friends in his later years. A few moments of glory here and there – but overall, an unfortunate place to come of age in. Sometimes he wondered how he would have fared in Durmstrang. "I'll be back as soon as I am able," Oddsbodds called behind him, leading Dungo out the door and past the wards. "Please fill Miss Granger in on the details. I think she said she'd be walking over." "Yes, sir." When Oddsbodds and Dungo finally disapparated, Draco let his shoulders slump, and a long sigh tore its way out of him. Just the way he'd hoped to spend his afternoon. Granger might not have deserved the Mudblood taunts he'd thrown her way during school - but she'd deserved the ones about being a bossy swot. He wondered idly if there was a painkiller there that he could take before Granger arrived - something to stave off the headache that she would inevitably cause by claiming the case as her own.