tower" with his "doctor-wife," and that they were raising their daughter to be a swot. Hermione never really liked her grandfather after that. She did, however, ask her father what living in an ivory tower meant. Hermione watched her father's face closely as a storm of emotion passed through it, then cleared as he lifted his eyebrows. An ivory tower, he explained, was a metaphor for a place where people "shut out the everyday world." Hermione furrowed her brow, and her father sighed and explained that people often called higher learning an ivory tower, since they viewed the problems of the world from a place of peace and comfort. Hermione gamely admitted to herself that she was likely shutting herself into an ivory tower with Draco most nights. She could not, however, find it within herself to care. She needed this, needed the comfort of his arms, the fire of his kiss, the thrilling danger of the fact that she was carrying around a secret known only to them. Draco, she suspected, needed this just as badly, though for reasons he was unable to voice. If his words to her hadn't convinced her, his lithe tongue touching her own, her hands up his shirt, his leg between her own seemed to speak the truth of his change of heart. At the moment, however, all his focus had shifted to her brassiere clasp, fumbling and tugging at the material. Everything else about him seemed to stop – she could feel him pouting against her lips, instead of kissing them. "Alohomora," he muttered quietly, with another fruitless tug. "Damn it." She laughed against his mouth, quite unlike herself. She had no idea how far she would let him go – and something within her noted that that wasn't the greatest idea in the world. But the effort of trying to puzzle that out at the moment seemed like too much, and his lips were very distracting- Then, a voice interrupted, and the low tones sent Hermione's blood temperature plummeting. She froze, and felt Draco do the same against her lips. "Exactly what do you think you are doing, Mr. Malfoy?" Draco can sneer with the best of them, but only Professor Snape's voice had the ability to actually make a person feel small and stupid. She looked up to see her own terror reflected in Draco's grey eyes. He didn't seem able to respond, but slowly unwound his arms from her waist, waiting for the blow to fall. Distractedly, Hermione felt a looseness around her chest – evidently Draco had finally succeeded in unfastening her brassiere clasp. "Let go of your companion so I can mark her down for a detention as well," Snape continued. Draco backed up, and suddenly Snape's face was peering into the alcove at her. Only long experience had taught Hermione that Snape showed surprise the most when his facial expression did not change. Indeed, the muscles in his face had gone still – he didn't even seem to be blinking as he stared at her rumpled visage. "Come out of there, Miss Granger," Snape finally said, backing up to allow her passage. "The two of you, follow me." There was a roaring in Hermione's ears that must have been her blood. All she could see, looking blindly at the trailing of fabric of Snape's robes as he preceded them down the stairs, was the shock on her friends' faces, the complete isolation from all friends and acquaintances in her house. She was staring down a year and a half of lonely meals at the house table, long nights at the library, abandonment by everybody except Crookshanks. Would people believe her if she said they were fighting, and Snape mistook it for snogging? It might be believable, and Snape wasn't exactly trusted by her friends…but what a lie to carry! It wasn't a sob – she was not going to cry! – but as they exited the tower, waiting for Snape to close the door, Hermione felt her chest heave in a shaking breath. She received her second shock of the night as warm fingers sought out her hand, squeezing them quickly, reassuringly. Hermione looked at Draco in shock. It was the first time that he'd ever touched her outside the tower. But really, wasn't he facing the exact thing she was? She squeezed back, almost in defiance. They squeezed together tightly, then dropped their hands to realize that Snape had been watching them instead of closing the tower door. Once more, his face was immobile, unreadable. After several moments, however, he must have reached a conclusion, since he reached over and shut the door with a clang . "It occurs to me," he said, speaking as calmly as if they were in class, "that the Astronomy Tower is simply too great a temptation for students. I shall be speaking to Professor Sinistra about placing a password on the door after her classes are finished. I think that "surprise" would be a good password to use. I shall recommend it. Now, back to your houses, both of you." Without waiting for them to depart, Snape turned on his heel and left. They watched him go, then turned to look at each other, staring dumbly. Professor Severus Snape, who hated Gryffindors with a passion, was suddenly able to overlook her misbehavior if she was with his favorite student – even seemed to be encouraging them. Draco Malfoy, scion of a house that despised witches and wizards from her background, threw himself into their rendezvous each time as if he'd never get to touch her again. And she, Hermione Granger, as red-blooded a Gryffindor as they came and as straight an arrow as ever flew, she was sneaking out on a regular basis to snog her best friend's rival – a Slytherin, whose other activities she wasn't entirely certain of. Life was more complex, more insane than she'd ever believed before. What was more…it had happened outside of the tower.