short, by the time Douglas and Perry finally show up with brooms to help them get around the Anti-Apparation and Spell wards to escape, both Ginny and Draco are covered in bird poop, scratches and pecks. Neither looks happy. "You so owe us," Ginny growls. "This is the last time I put myself on the line to save your sorry arses!" Malfoy doesn't say anything, but the glare he directs at his partner, combined with the poop splattered on his face and hair, makes Douglas flinch. The mousy man offers, if rather feebly, that he's good with cleaning charms. The fact that they're all aware he can't cast it thanks to the Anti-Spell ward makes Perry facepalm. "Let's just get that bloody artefact," Malfoy says between clenched teeth. No one argues. Ice cream on his lips Uh-oh, my heart is pounding Is this where we kiss? She finds him shirtless and eating ice cream on the beach. It surprises her to see him outside of curse breaking, and she teases him by asking if he's trying to work on his tan. Malfoy rolls his eyes. They both know that, no matter how much he is out in the sun, his skin will stay a stubborn, pasty white. She's pretty much the same, in truth, but her freckles help to disguise the fact. "What flavour is that?" she asks, sitting next to him and gesturing at his ice cream. It's pretty impressive looking: smooth, chocolate brown with ripples of red and has what looks like gumdrops and chocolate chunks packed all through it. Malfoy raises his eyebrow at the fact she just invited herself to sit down, but he doesn't tell her to go away. Instead, he takes another lick of his ice cream. "Cauldron Explosion," he says without batting an eyelash. She snorts. "Seriously? You're like a little kid." He shrugs and says it tastes good, so he doesn't care what she thinks of his choice. Ginny grabs his hand and tugs it towards her so she can try the ice cream for herself. His eyes widen in outrage as she takes a big bite, complete with a gumdrop. "Mm," she says, licking her lips. "Sweet." Malfoy snatches his ice cream back from her. "Keep your freckly, thieving hands to yourself, Weasley. This is my ice cream." She laughs and rolls onto her stomach so that she's lying beside him. His gaze darts downward—only for a moment—but it gives away the fact he's just stared at her tits. Ginny is surprised that she is not at all displeased. Then again, she supposes her strappy bikini doesn't cover much; if she'd cared about guys checking her out, she would have worn a jumpsuit. At least Malfoy is attractive and doesn't make a gross comment to go with his perving. In fact, he looks quite dashing in his swim shorts: all lean muscle and wet droplets on bare skin. She wouldn't mind licking some of that either… Wait, what? "Are you here with someone?" she finds herself asking, even as she fights the heat that rises to her cheeks. It occurs to her she is fishing. They've touched on her love life before—still as single as the lone sock spotted in a gutter—but he's never said a word about his. Not once. "I was," he answers. "They're all off chatting up girls." They're . Not her. Ginny flashes a grin. "Are you saying you passed up flirting with hot girls in bikinis so you can eat Cauldron Explosion ice cream?" Malfoy meets her eyes. "I'm talking to you now, aren't I?" He takes a pointed lick. "Besides, it tastes good." Her heart thumps a little faster in her chest. Did he just allude that he thinks she's hot? Should she even trust his words? He's always so teasing, but all she can think is that there's ice cream on his lips and it's an awfully taunting image. It doesn't help that he's still holding her gaze. Your move , he seems to say. Ginny sits up so they're at eye level. "I can't quite remember the taste," she says, her voice huskier than normal. "Care to remind me?" She expects him to shut her down—to pop the balloon of attraction that is steadily growing within her, as is his normal routine. Instead he leans forward and, with no hesitation at all, places his lips on hers. Draco Malfoy is kissing her. Her heart flutters even faster. He tastes like chocolate and raspberry ripple, and she can't help but thread her fingers in his damp hair, indulging in the sweetness and lazy pleasure of it all. There's something so relaxed and natural about kissing him, even though she never dreamt until today that such a thing could happen. When he pulls back, her eyes are still closed and it takes her a moment to come back to earth. Kind of happens when one is snogged senseless. "Well?" he prompts. Ginny licks her lips and smiles. "Sweet." His mouth curves into an answering smile. Needless to say, there are many more kisses shared between them that day. Tying up loose ends In haiku because I can This is omake "So, who was the guy?" "Are you still going on about that?" "I'm curious." She rolls her eyes. "Fine. It was Oliver Wood." "What? You lost your virginity to Wood?" "What can I say?" She shrugs. "He has a nice broomstick." … "That was a pun, wasn't it?" "Yeah." "It wasn't even Wood, was it?" "Nope." Somewhere in the world, a wizard named Perry facepalms. THE END Ori's Prompt: Basic premise : Draco and Ginny are curse breakers that travel the world one upping each other. Must haves : Fun work rivalry. They are secretly great partners. No-no's : Harry or Ron bashing. Kids and babies. Draco and Ginny are friends from the start. Smut. Rating range : K-T Bonus points : as many of the following as possible - snow, desert, jungle, beach, mountain