the manor's wards. So the wardings couldn't stop her from dying, but they could catch her killers? Something is off, there, Luna." "I guess maybe … maybe?" offered Luna, fiddling with a bookshelf. It sparked. "Wards strong enough to manhandle a couple of murderous death eaters until the authorities can arrive are certainly strong enough to stop them from murdering the wards' charge." "We don't know the details, though, do we?" replied Luna. "No," said Hermione. "No, we don't." Hermione walked to the dim window where, outside, the darkling sky promised mist, not proper rain. She gazed at the overgrown, wintered grounds. "But I'm going to find out," she murmured, too quietly for Luna to hear, because Hermione was pretty sure it was crazy-beans to get mixed up with it, but her intellect was helplessly intrigued by the puzzle of it nonetheless. A murder mystery! It was kind of exciting. Fine, really exciting. She bit her lip as her brain began to whirl. Southward in the manor, a tremendous *crack* shook the house, sending rolling tremors outward, like reverberations from an earthquake, but manor-sized. Hermione experienced a sudden jolt of fear-and-thrill adrenaline. "Holy cow," said Luna's voice from nearby, and under other circumstances Hermione would have laughed at such a bizarre phrase, but today she only grabbed Luna by the wrist and ran for the hallway. "Keep your wand out, Luna!" They ran in the direction of the rolling tremors and the noise brought them to the dining room, which seemed to be the apex of whatever was happening, because she could feel magic in the air, crawling across her skin like the prickly muggle ward… except without the pain. Or racism. The dining table was missing. Why was the dining table missing? A piece of plate armor fell off the wall and Hermione nearly stupify- ed it out of reflex. She was a librarian, not an auror… but nobody expected this sort of thing to happen today. Luna shot out her wand to light all of the candles in the room, and that helped. A lot, actually. "It's the manor," said Luna. "This is the manor's magic." Ugh, this house. Hermione made a silent pact with herself never to come back here again, after today. "What is it doing?" asked Hermione. Luna shook her head. "It isn't hostile, though," she said. Hermione wanted to grab Luna and demand she tell her how she could know that. It felt hostile. Well, perhaps more dangerous than overtly hostile, so instead she dragged Luna along with her behind an old (probably very, very old) buffet for the sort of vague protection a librarian might look for when said librarian was maybe about to get smushed by house magic. "Hey!" objected Luna. "I said it wasn't hostile!" "That doesn't mean we won't get crushed in the crossfire," replied Hermione. Luna ceded the point. They squatted behind the buffet, but watched with intense interest, because intellect. Light flashed, making the candlelight seem dark in comparison, and it blinded Hermione momentarily. She blinked, trying to see, and air rushed past her in great puffs, smelling like … parchment. Old parchment. And glue. Glue? Luna sneezed. Another crack rent the air, and along with it came the scent of a spice she couldn't put her finger on, and of autumn, and a thousand memories. Her sight came back to her and, though the candles had been blown out, she could see in the middle of the dining room was a person, crouched. "Ahhh!" yelled Hermione, jumping up and pointing her wand at Sudden Person. In retrospect, she would recall Luna's reaction being nearly identical to hers. Sudden Person's shoulders rose and fell with his breathing, for SP was a he, obviously, as Hermione could never mistake the masculine details particular to the male form in the shoulders, the hands, even something about the crouch he employed spoke "man", not to mention his clothing, no robes, (perhaps in haste?), white button-down, dark grey trousers, and black boots to the knee, he was slender but masculine and his hair was fair, white-blond... Malfoy blond. As this last factoid drilled its way through Hermione's brain she yelled again nonsensically. The Sudden Malfoy moved, perhaps spurred by the noise Hermione was making, and she noticed he was holding a wand, clenched in his fist like a lifeline and all of a sudden her inquisitive mind and her fear of Sudden Malfoys with Wands were in an inner battle to the death, should she wait, or should she hex the ever living daylights out of him? Luna resolved the battle immediately by staying Hermione's hand. "Remember where we are," she said to Hermione, who, most agreeably, suddenly remembered where they were. One attempted hex on a Malfoy and the whole house was liable to crush them to bits. So instead, Hermione relit the candles and, as he finished standing, she saw exactly who it was. He appeared to be as confused as she, because it was Lucius Malfoy and he did not look old. He looked exactly how she remembered him, which was old then, but she was a teenager and back then all parents were old nonentities. He wobbled. Ugh, Lucius Malfoy. Just everything, everything she hated, in one person, like some kind of banner symbol for everything that could go wrong with anything, ever. His breathing was strangely labored. But not only did she loathe him, he was scary, too, because unlike Draco, who was just kind of an annoying git, Lucius had always had great power, somehow. With Draco she knew his limits were small, but with Lucius there were no limits. She suddenly wanted to hex him again, and take her chances with the house… because in her mind he was definitely more dangerous. "Mr. Malfoy?" said Luna's voice somewhere beside her. Mr. Malfoy made a small noise and then collapsed, unconscious. The wand he had been holding clattered across the parquet floor with a sharp recitative.