all moony about her, yeah?" he said. "It's my mum; it'd be totally creepy." "I... suppose. I mean, I don't want to be creepy. I just want to meet her, that's all. I mean, she's a Muggle-born like me, and she's done so much to change everything, and I really admire her." "Fine; maybe over the winter hols? I'm going home for sure, so you could come to Diagon Alley for the day. I spend most of my free time at the store anyway, Dad has a laboratory for routine brewing where we experiment sometimes. You'd get to meet her – and I know both she and Dad will want to meet you, too, they're always far too nosy about my friendships and you're the first friend whom they didn't know before I did–" "What do you mean?" "Well, I have two really good friends, and our parents have been friends since either Hogwarts or the war, way before we were born." "But, didn't you go to school?" "I did; other kids didn't like me very much," he admitted with a shrug, though Hermione thought it had to be something of a sore spot for him. After all, she herself had gone through primary school without any real friends, and she knew how painful that had been. Though... it made her stomach feel warm at the thought that she and Evan shared this one thing between them, and now they'd found each other and become friends. "So, if they were so involved in politics, how come they now own a store?" she asked him. "They're both craft masters who like to experiment, so researching and making stuff is what they trained for before they got involved with the war. This way, they both have a place to do their research and experimentation, and they can also earn money from their crafts; dad was actually already working like that since finishing his mastery. It's more mail-order than over-the-counter, but they usually keep the store open during the busiest times for walk-in customers." "Does it pay well?" "Eh," he said with a shrug. "We get by. I think they'd earn more if they were to work full time, but I don't think either of them likes being a salesperson very much; it's mostly because they don't like people to know where we live, because Mum has fans , and Dad gets hate mail sometimes, so it's just easier to have an official address for that sort of thing." "Why would your dad get hate mail?" Hermione asked, intrigued by that seemingly bizarre statement. "I told you, because of what he did during the war. They keep wiggling out of telling me the whole story, but Dad has a darkish reputation, cause of all his suspect acquaintances and his activity during the war and such. I, er... I overheard Dad talking to G– Dumbledore once, and it sounded like maybe Dad had even been arrested right after by the Ministry, because of his whatever-it-was with You-Know-Who or the his supposed Death Eater friends." Hermione's eyes widened in shock, and Evan shook his head. "I don't know, I'd rather not ask him about it if I don't have to, and it doesn't really matter. I know he loves my mum and me more than anything, so I don't believe he'd ever work for You-Know-Who for real. Also, the whole thing doesn't mean anything, because almost everyone without a stellar reputation was suspected, since the Ministry was horribly incompetent all through the war, and so they wanted to give the impression of fixing things swiftly after You-Know-Who disappeared." "But, this book says that the Ministry answer was thought to be very good," Hermione pointed out. "It's also a book that doesn't call him by his name," Evan pointed out with a wry look. "There's a reason why Mum creating a political party was such a big deal, you realise." "I... well, I suppose," she agreed, thinking it over. Really, there were a lot of things that made little sense in this new world she was now a part of, when she made herself consider them from a normal standpoint. The thought left something of a bad taste in her mouth, because she liked things making sense, and just because magic was involved, it didn't seem to her that everything should completely lose its logic. "Oh, all right, which book should I read, then? There has to be at least one that tells the full truth without prevarication." Evan's eyebrows rose. "Well, I think you'd be better off just asking people who fought in the war about it. You probably shouldn't ask my dad, he doesn't tell even me anything much, but Mum would answer your questions for sure, and she's always on about keeping in touch with both our wizarding and our Muggle heritage; she's still got a lot of friends from Mum and Dad's old town, Cokeworth, that she keeps in touch with. Did you know, she made our house be comfortable for both? Even my snitty aunt comes to visit, and she hates magic." " Really ? How did she do that?" Evan launched into an explanation of the difficulty behind combining electricity and magic, which didn't mix at all , and how there were so many little things that either world took for granted, but which she had had to adjust so that both her wizarding and her Muggle friends felt comfortable coming over. Hermione listened, almost entranced, her mind racing to make the connections and develop new ideas, and through it all, a slow, warm sense of anticipation built, until she was almost desperately looking forward to the moment when her new friend would finally introduce her to her hero, the woman Hermione firmly decided she wanted to be like when she grew up – someone who never sacrificed a part of herself for the whims of others, while still managing to make a huge change to the whole wide world.