feels like a huge deal, the biggest deal. Who was that person last week who had thought that it wasn't? This is Ron, her best friend, the man she's been in love with for years, and she's about to have sex with him for the very first time. And even if she hopes to make this moment the first of many, it still feels monumental, it still feels like a shift, even if it's a good one. Ron moves his hips forward, pressing into her, his brow furrowed as she stretches to accommodate him. It isn't terribly painful, at least not yet, likely because he was so successful at warming her up, but it isn't exactly comfortable yet either. Inch by inch he enters her, their eyes locking, and when he can go no further he stills, shoulders shaking. "You okay?" His voice is raspy, edged with nerves. "Yeah." Hermione wiggles her hips, trying to get accustomed to the sensation of being filled, and Ron groans and drops his face into her neck. "What? What happened?" "No, that just -" The sweat on his forehead glues their skin together. "That felt really fucking good, can I - is it okay if I move?" "Oh - yes," says Hermione, moving her hands to his waist as he draws his hips back and then pushes into her again. It's slow and careful and cautious, his breath hot on her neck, the only sound in the room the sticky slapping of their bare skin and occasional spurts of breath. She can tell that he's worried about her, afraid that he's hurting her or that she's bored or regretting it when it's nothing of the sort, it's more that her mind has gone blank from the sheer intensity of it all. Hermione lifts her head off the pillow to try to kiss him but her lips fall on his chin and he lets out a little laugh of relief, like maybe this isn't the most serious act of their lives. It's just the two of them, connected. Ron flattens one palm against the mattress by her head and uses it as leverage to sink even deeper inside of her; a breathy moan escapes her lips before she can help it. "That felt good ," she gasps, "do it again." His thrusts, still slow, become more deliberate, more powerful, Hermione drawing her knees up to his sides to open herself up as much as possible. It isn't just physical; she's as vulnerable as she's ever been, giving all of herself to him, completely surrendering, and for once it feels good to relinquish control and just feel . "Fuck," he growls into her ear, moving faster now, "Hermione, I don't know how much… longer I can…" She responds by hugging him closer, arms locked around his chest, as his hips give a little spasm and he lets fly one last curse word before going almost completely limp. He withdraws, and cleansing charms are cast to tidy up their nether regions and there's a brief, half-successful attempt to Scourgify away the large wet spot on the comforter before they decide that can wait. Ron turns onto his side, letting his fingers ghost over her shoulders, down her waist, along her ribs, gazing at her with awe and affection. "You alright?" His voice is soft, careful not to break the afterglow around them. "It didn't hurt too bad, did it?" "No, only a little bit at the beginning." Hermione brushes her lips over his. "That's good." His hand finds hers, their fingers lacing together by her hip. "I love you." "I love you too." They lean in at the exact same moment, noses bumping before their lips meet, and Hermione lets out a sigh into his mouth. She could probably kiss him forever and never grow weary of it. "Ron," she begins, nudging him onto his back so she can lie with her head on his chest. "Come to Australia with me." His muscles all tense up at once. "Australia?" "Yes." She looks up at him and plants a kiss on his jaw. "I need you there, I can't do it alone." But then she stops and thinks about what would happen if he were to decline, or if his mum were to forbid him to go and lock him inside the house without a wand. She'll still go, she'll still find her parents, she'll still do everything in her power to bring them back. She'll accomplish it all, but without the added benefit of having her biggest supporter by her side. "Actually, that's not true," she realizes aloud. "I can do it alone. I can do most things alone. But we're always a team, and I really want you there. I can't imagine doing this without you." He's part of all of her biggest moments: they met on her first train ride to Hogwarts, he was one of her first friends (after an admittedly rocky start), they've fought dark wizards together and he nursed her back to health after she was tortured and now they've just done the most intimate thing they can possibly do. And she wants him there for all the other moments that haven't even happened yet. "Okay," he readily agrees. "If you want me there, then I'll be there." He pauses, his hand absently running up and down her back. "That's how it's always been." Hermione squeezes him around the middle, silently thanking him, and he seems to understand because he kisses her hair and rests his cheek atop her head. "So when we're in Australia," Ron says after a few moments of peace, "we'll probably have a hotel room, won't we?" Affecting offense, Hermione pinches him playfully on the arm. "You've got a one-track mind now." "Maybe," he replies, purposely coy, "but all I'm saying is it might be nice. I think we've learned, privacy around here can be a little hard to come by." Thank you for reading! Please review :)