yet and to Hermione that was an achievement. But now she was sensing a storm coming up, because McGonagall had had the glorious idea to order them to plan the Yule ball. They would be having one this year to promote unity. Hermione thought that this was a great idea, especially for the 8th graders, but she would prefer to do the planning on her own. Consulting Malfoy about ideas, wasn't ideal to her. She had only seen him in classes today, but he had yet to return to their dorm. So Hermione decided to have a nice, relaxing bath. She walked into the bathroom and let the water fill the tub. She then magically added different scents and some bubbles. She happily looked at the bathtub and inhaled the lovely scent of spring. Taking of her clothes, she got into the tub and relaxed almost instantly. This was heaven. She let her head fall back and closed her eyes. The water was turning cold and Hermione heard voices from downstairs. Malfoy must be back and he had brought his friends over. She sighed. She needed to get out of the tub, but then she would be forced to walk through the common room to her room only wearing a towel. Great, why did she have to put her clothes in the laundry right away? She wrung a towel around herself and looked into the mirror. Well, at least everything was covered and it wasn't like the towel was super small, it was actually quite big, so Hermione felt a little more confident. Coming down the stairs leading to the common room, her confidence faded quickly. She peeked around the corner and saw two other Slytherins apart from Malfoy. Blaise Zabini and Theodore Nott. To be honest she didn't know a lot about these two apart from their friendship with Malfoy. Blaise had been here on her first day, but she hadn't seen him since then and Theo hadn't visited prior to this day. Zabini had a certain reputation with girls and seemed like quite the Casanova. There wasn't a lot about Nott that she knew, he was always pretty quiet during classes, but she knew that he had really good marks. Hermione gathered all her Gryffindor courage and walked around the corner. She didn't look at the boys and made it halfway through the room, before they noticed her. Hoping, she walked a little faster and had almost reached the staircase, when she heard it. Again. A growl, this time she was certain. She turned, very slowly and found the three Slytherin boys staring at her. Theo and Blaise looked a little startled, but still seemed to be enjoying the show. Subconsciously, Hermione held the towel a little tighter. She then looked at Draco and would have liked to run right to her room and to never come out again. He looked hungry . There wasn't another word for it and he had an almost predatorily look in his eyes. "Well Granger, don't you want to cover yourself? You are giving Blaise and Theo quite the show," he said to her and she thought that there was something like anger in his voice. "Well Malfoy," started Hermione in the same fashion as him. "I don't believe that I am giving anyone any kind of show. Everything that needs to be covered is covered and I don't see why I couldn't enjoy a good book here on our sofa." With these words she turned to the sofa, grabbed her book and started reading. She actually hadn't wanted to do this, but something about Malfoy's comment had hurt her pride. She wouldn't let him talk to her like that and she seriously thought that there was nothing wrong about the towel she was "wearing". Sure, normally she wouldn't sit in the common room like this, but what was the difference to her shorts and tank tops? Malfoy was fuming, he didn't know why it bothered him, but Theo and Blaise were currently staring at Hermione as if she was a piece of meat. He couldn't help but growl again and Blaise shot him a confused look. "Are you alright man?" "Sure, I am fine," said Malfoy through gritted teeth. The truth was that Malfoy wanted to grab that stupid Know-It-All, throw her over his shoulder, carry her to her room and force her to wear something that covered every inch of her skin. Those legs, god dammit. What was wrong with him? He knew that being a werewolf also meant a higher, well sex drive, but seriously it was Granger. A prudish bookworm. "Mates, let's go to the Slytherin dorm, maybe there the girls will know how to dress appropriately," said Malfoy and stormed out of the dorm, before he could do something very stupid. He heard Granger shout something after him. Blaise and Theo were following him and for a second he was glad that he didn't have to hurt them. Wait a second, hurt them? "Draco, what the hell is wrong with you?" asked Blaise and looked at his friend. Draco was currently grimacing and his hands were curled into fists. "I don't know. Maybe it's the wolf? It is getting awfully close to the full moon. I just cant seem to control my thoughts when a half naked girl sits a few meters away from me," Draco said and continued to walk extremely fast. He needed to get away from that bookworm, otherwise he wouldn't be able to restrain himself. Damn this stupid wolf. Under normal circumstances he would never look at Granger. At least not to often. She had pretty spectacular legs though. He closed his eyes and walked faster. The worst part was fighting his wolf, because he wanted to turn around and do some not so nice things with Granger. He was going insane. Unknown to Draco, Blaise and Theo exchanged a few knowing glances. Oh Draco was in for a nice year at Hogwarts.