it was only Ron and Hermione that hadn't spoken. Ron raised his head as George stepped down and clapped his shoulder in an overly masculine way, eyes somehow dry. "He was my best friend from the first day we met. She was my little sister." He froze, and suddenly his eyes met the crowd, and she was alarmed to see that they were filled with anger. No, not anger, fury . "This isn't fair!" He yelled. "None of this is fucking fair! After every-fucking-thing, they're killed by a bloody Muggle drunk driver?! He lived ! He lived through every fucking curse thrown at him, lived through the bloody Avada Kedavra twice , lived even when he was willing to die! And she always survived, she was my little fucking sister! She faced Voldemort when she was bloody eleven and won! She was so strong, so powerful, so bloody brilliant . And they were fucking killed by a fucking drunk Muggle !" He breathed heavily, before screaming, " SHIT! " The mass of people recoiled in shock, but Hermione rushed forward to fold her husband into a tight embrace. He brushed off her affections though and, staring darkly at the earth behind him, turned on the spot and disapparated. Hermione froze as people started to whisper in appalled tones, and she was disgusted to see Rita Skeeter's smirk as her quill danced across the parchment in her hands. "Stop it." She said quietly, before suddenly yelling. "Stop it!" As each eye snapped to her she quietened and her breath heaved with emotion. "This is the last thing Harry and Ginny would've wanted, people gossiping! We all have our own memories of them both, and that's what we need to hold on to. Ron was right, this isn't fair, but more than anyone else, they understood that people can live forever in our minds, in our hearts, and in our love." She cringed at the cheesiness of her words, but at Bill and Mrs Weasley's reassuring nods, continued. "They both lived and loved fiercely, facing life head on and never hesitating to abandon everything for their friends, their family, for what was inherently good. Their lives weren't easy for a long time, but the years they spent with their children and the people who loved them, the years of peace, meant everything to them. The best thing we can do to honour them is to enjoy every moment we have with our loved ones, just like they did." She turned to the two intimidating coffins behind her, tears falling freely down her face. "I'm so sorry it had to end this way." She whispered. "I love you both, so much. And thank you, thank you for everything." Ignoring the Ministry official's scowls, she raised her wand and began to levitate the boxes that would forever hold the bodies of two of her best friends, crying silently. Before she knew it, Lily had grasped her hand and, raising the wand she had purchased only half a year ago, muttered, "Wingardium LeviOsa". The rest of the children joined them, all saying the spell, and then all the adults that loved Harry and Ginny. The coffins seemed to glow under the force of the magic, raising high together before falling slowly into the ground. Everyone was weeping openly, but the scene was as quiet as death, the first sound heard in minutes being the slapping of earth as the graves were covered. She sent them a silent goodbye, before turning to face the other thousands that had attended simply to see the Boy-Who-Lived finally laid to rest, grateful to find that they had remained behind out of respect. The seventy-odd people who had crowded around the mounds of earth that now hid the bodies, the fallen couple's nearest and dearest, began to drift slowly away, heads staring at the ground as if wishing it would swallow them up too. All around she could see people muttering soft words of futile comfort, or hugging their friends and families in attempts of reassurance. She nodded to and embraced various people as she passed, before being engulfed in a red-headed Weasley family hug, Mrs Weasley clutching at her as she sank to her knees and pulling her down too. The elder woman's mouth was open in a silent scream of anguish, though it seemed she had cried herself dry, and for a while they simply held one another, only separating when Rose and Hugo appeared by her side. She leant back and let her children collapse onto her, stroking their hair soothingly and telling herself over and over that she had to be strong. She had to be strong . The Potter children joined in the mass of red bushy hair and as she gazed at their tear-stained faces, she had to screw up her eyes and chant to herself, have to be strong have to be strong have to be strong strong strong . It felt like she had aged a lifetime before they finally broke apart and, each adult holding a child, began apparating away. "Hermione, dear, we're all going back to the Burrow. It's best for us to be together right now. Are you coming?" She opened her mouth to accept Mrs Weasley's offer, gazing at Lily's still-broken expression and knowing that she would be needed, but she swallowed her words. "I should really go find Ron." She croaked, her voice hoarse. "Would you mind watching Rose and Hugo for a few minutes while I look?" Molly gave her a small, sad attempt at a smile. "Of course not, but stop by later. None of us should be alone." "Be careful 'Mione." Bill spoke softly as he held Rose's hand tightly and stroked her hair. "Thank you, I will be. I shouldn't be too long." Not trusting herself to hold together if she endured another hug, she lightly kissed her children's foreheads and promised she'd see them soon, before turning on the spot and disappearing.