who come to find out was glamoured for most of her life. So now that she is out from the spell we were wondering if she needs a new wand. Seeing as she was someone else at the time." I step forward seeing as it may be a good time to. Olivander just nodded and asked for my wand. "Mmmm. Yes you will need a new wand." He said. I nodded and said "since I have no use for this wand I guess you can keep it." Olivander nodded and disappeared for a few minutes. He later returned with a couple boxes. I went through all of them. None of them fit correctly so I got an idea. "Is there a twin to the wand my brother has?" Blaise then stepped up and took out his wand. Olivader examined it, mumbled some incoherent words and disappeared. He returned with a new box. I tried out the wand and it was perfect. Olivader said more words. I ignored it and paid. We left and returned to Hogwarts. We get back around lunch time. We say goodbye to Dumbledore and head to the Great Hall. I think people stared at us but I ignored them and walked over to Slytherin table, I'm hungry. I sat down with Blaise next to me and Draco across from me. I grab some food while Draco says "where have you been Zabini?" I answer (he just said Zabini) "Dumbledore took us to Olivander's I needed a new wand. My old one was for Hermione Granger not Eliza Zabini." I start eating. "I was talking to Blaise not you." Draco said. I smirk to myself and say "well you just said Zabini; there are two Zabini's love." Draco looked at me. Then at Blaise who shrugged. Draco POV When Eliza left, I think for her new schedule, I turned to Blaise. "Why the hell didn't you tell me you were related to Granger?" He just shrugged. I rolled my eyes. "What the hell has gotten into her anyway, she's acting different." I look away from him to see Eliza, she's gorgeous. I hear Blaise chuckling "mate what's so funny?" He looks at me then looks around, then says "she's not different. She's being herself although she might be a little more different around you." He paused but then mumbled something like "I still can't believe she took my wand over you." It took my brain a second to completely register what he said. When I was going to ask him about it Eliza came back. Her eyes are so beautiful. "Got my new schedule." She says. Her voice is so nice. Where the hell are the sappy thoughts coming from? She was Granger for crying out loud. But she's not anymore, she's a pureblood Zabini. My thoughts get interrupted when I see a red head and a black head come walking to us. "What the hell do you want Weasel and Potter?" I see Weasel getting angry but Potter holds him back and says "we just want to talk to Her-Eliza." I smirk and was about to say something when Eliza said "what do you want to talk about?" Weasel steps up and says "why the hell are you with them and a Slytherin? What happened to you Mione?" I study Eliza to see her reaction. She keeps a blank face and says "nothing happened to me per say. I was always Eliza, I always knew I was and I got tired of acting like Granger so I went to Dumbledore and told him. As for the first question I'm with my brother and his best friend. So since I love my brother dearly I want to hang out with him, especially since I can in public now. Also as for being a Slytherin, that's where the hat put me. I had to be resorted because technically I'm a new student." I smirk; she is so smart and cute. Dear Salazar please help stop these thoughts. Eliza POV I had to suppress the urge to roll my eyes at my two best guy friends. What the hell did they think was going to happen? "Why didn't you at least tell us that you were a Zabini and that you were going to stop being Hermione?" Ron asks but yells at me. Harry is staying quiet not looking at me. "Well Ronald I'm sorry to say I didn't see the importance of telling a secret that could have endangered my family. I didn't tell you guys that I was going to stop being Hermione because frankly I was too excited I was going to be able to be me and not someone that never should have existed." I say. Ron and Harry look hurt. "So are you saying that our friendship should've existed either?" Harry says finally finding his voice. I say "oh no I still want to be friends it's just I won't be Hermione Granger anymore. So just don't get your hopes up. I might still have some traits of hers but that's not me anymore." Ron looks pissed when he stomps away with Harry trailing after him. I turn around to look at my brother and my crush. Blaise looks at me and says "they'll come around." I shrug and start walking to my class. When I make sure no Gryffindors are around I say "I really don't care if they do or not. Yes they are my friends but I was just hanging out with them because I couldn't hang out with my big bro and the rest of the Slytherins. They never even tried to find the real me. They along with everyone else only saw a bookworm know it all. Which was just an act anyway, come to think of it." I skip ahead of them to my class. Draco POV Merlin why does her hips have to look so entincing with the way she is walking? Merlin please stop these thoughts.