cock drawing another pitiful whimper from the boy. "New kind of torture?" Harry managed to ask between whimpers. Voldemort's eyes gleamed devilishly, his brows wriggling suggestively a couple of times, infernal smirk coming onto his swollen and parched lips. "Don't give me ideas," Voldemort purred. As his face still was very close to Harry's groin, his purring brought another wave of torturous air to Harry's erection, making him moan carnally and jerk his hips upwards uncontrollably. "Hush," Voldemort taunted, deliberately choosing yet another airy word. Harry whined. Voldemort sighed as if defeated. Harry groaned. This was quickly becoming less and less funny, his hard-on was already so painful that it was killing him, and the bastard, whose fault it was, just continued to torture him with his teasing and taunting comments! At this moment Voldemort finally took the matter into his hands. Literary. His palm encircled Harry's erection, squeezing it tightly, drawing a loud groan from the boy. Then he began stroking him, his movements painfully slow, as if he couldn't decide how to proceed or maybe couldn't remember how to do it properly, with all those willing bodies at his feet he boasted about. Before Harry found a snide enough comment in his brain, which was already mushy from the pleasure he got, Voldemort let out another sigh and lowered his head to Harry's groin. Harry let out a yelp of surprise, when the Dark Lord's teeth scraped his raging hardness. "Sorry," Voldemort hummed around his cock, the motion sending shivers through Harry's overly sensitive body. Another wave of pleasure hit him just moment later, when Voldemort did something with his tongue. With wide eyes Harry looked at the forked long muscle looking like snake's, into which Voldemort transformed his tongue, rapidly shooting from the man's mouth for a brief second, encircling his member several times. This was too much for Harry's immature psyche. When that unbelievably flexible and skilled tongue did something even more tricky on his member, he lost it completely, forceful and long orgasm engulfing him like a stormy wave, dragging loud scream of painful pleasure out of his throat. Still in the afterglow haze, Harry thought he heard a growling "Fuck!" along with a string of curses in several other languages. Before Harry collected his thoughts enough to ask what's happened, he felt the other's thick cock, fully erect and stonily hard at his own entrance, pushing inside without problem and buried deep inside him in a matter of seconds. This time he didn't felt any discomfort. Almost. The Dark Lord's member still was quite thick, and his anus was not intended for such activities, so this presented a minor complication, as the Dark Lord needed more force to thrust into him and to come out, which he for some reason did almost completely. Though Harry could agree, that this way the sensations were dragged out for longer and he had a moment between thrusts to catch his breath, before Voldemort fully sheathed inside him again, making him moan and writhe, trying to find the position, which allowed his prostate to be hit. This was happening almost every other thrust, Harry seeing stars and arching his back every time with a groan or gasp. When Voldemort finally came inside him, a jet of hotness going through Harry together with his seed, they both fell limp on the bed, hardly breathing and moving after the third round of mind-blowing sex and consecutive orgasms. "I'm spent dry. You sex-monster," Voldemort grumbled sleepily, not even moving from the place where he fell – half-draped around Harry, his head on the boy's shoulder and his legs tangled with Harry's, with one hand across Harry's torso, successfully hugging him and pining to the bed underneath the Dark Lord. "Don't you dare run!" Voldemort slurred, immediately falling asleep. Harry followed suit just mere seconds afterwards, too tired to think of anything. Several hours later Harry awoke in the same position – in the Dark Lord's embrace, but there was someone else in the room – Wormtail. He was trembling like a leaf and stuttering, when he whispered that he would help Harry escape. Harry didn't think twice and at that moment didn't remember half-threat and half-plead, uttered by the Dark Lord before they both fell asleep. He carefully untangled himself from the sleeping form of the Dark Lord, put on the clothes, which Wormtail brought him, and left the room and the mansion all together, led by Pettigrew. The Rat stuttered something about the life-debt he owned to Harry and to the memory of his parents, but Harry, still in a daze, ignored him. Pettigrew brought him outside, to the boundary of the Anti-apparation Wards and bid good-bye. And after this Harry ran. Now, after almost three weeks of running he was dead-tired and almost ready to just surrender. He knew he was chased by the Death Eaters sent for him by the furious and horny Dark Lord. The latter fact was confirmed, when Harry accidentally fell asleep during one of the first few nights of running and saw into Voldemort's mind, feeling his body, as if he was the man himself. Moreover Voldemort was beyond angry, sending Cruciatus and other Unforgivables right and left, just for the wrong breath of his stupid followers. Wormtail was nowhere to bee seen, probably dead. Lucius, too, was out of his Lord's sight, maybe chasing Harry personally, or attending to the other matters. What was worse, though, Harry now needed to get away from any member of the Order of the Phoenix, too, as they were chasing him with even more determination than the Death Eaters. Several days ago Harry at last managed to put enough space between himself and the Dark Lord's troops to attempt Apparating to Grimmauld Place without the risk of bringing enemies to the threshold of the Order Headquarters. At first all went well, everyone fussing over him, treating his numerous wounds and cuddling him. But then everything went downhill.