my pocket. All I have to do is tap it with my want to unshrink it." "Wow, really? We need to invest in one of those for Hermione. With a number of books she has, it's impossible for her to take them all to school." "Mum," Hermione groaned in annoyance. "You know you can buy them, or even charm them yourself once you're at school. But once I get back home I'll send it with Apollo," Laurel promised. "Really?" Hermione asked. "Sure, I already have my trunk charmed with the same charms for school. So I don't need it. And once we get to school I'll show you the spells, and you can bring some bags and charm them yourself." Laurel made a mental note to bring her mother's charm book that had the spells in them. "I wish I'd thought of this years ago. Can you imagine all the books I would bring? The extra material for our assignments. And you can use them too," Hermione exclaimed as Laurel and Mrs. Granger looked at each other through the mirror. The drive to the Granger's was enjoyable. Laurel and Hermione chatted away while her mom made the occasional comment. In no time at all, they were pulling up into a long driveway. Looking through the window, Laurel saw what appeared to be a very nice house, or so she thought by Muggle standards. She didn't really have anything to compare it to. It was a two-story white brick house, with huge windows throughout. Roses were planted all along the front porch, with a water bath sat in the middle of the garden. There weren't any gnomes in sight. Odd. No fairies or anything. They would have loved the roses and garden. Not needing help to open her door this time, Laurel jumped out once the car stopped moving and grabbed her shopping bags as Hermione and her mother got out. Hermione led her to the room where she was staying, while her mother left to get dinner ready. "So this is where you'll be staying, I hope it's alright. Mum washed the sheets today so everything is clean," Hermione said opening the door to a spare room. It was nice. The room was pale blue, with cream curtains and a silver comforter. A wooden dresser sat to the side with a mirror on top. "It's great! Much nicer than sharing a room with you and Ginny at the Weasleys. Not that I mind. It's fun, like a sleepover. But sometimes I feel like such a burden. Mrs. Weasley is lovely but..." Not able to finish, Laurel stopped talking, not wanting to sound rude. "I know. I feel that way too. Which is why it's great that you're staying over this time. Oh, and the bathrooms are just over there. You and I have to share, but that shouldn't be an issue after sharing at Hogwarts for three years." Just as they were walking back downstairs, a high pitched voice started whinging throughout the house. "Eeeep." Laurel squeaked and tripped down the last two steps. "What the bloody hell was that?" she groaned from the floor. Looking not at all concerned, Hermione burst into laughter, so hard that she started crying. "I'm so sorry Laurel. I forgot to mention that. It's the telephone. When someone's trying to call you it makes that noise. It's similar to a firecall," Hermione said through her laughter. Huffing at Hermione, Laurel got up with as much dignity as she could as she glared at Hermione in mock annoyance. "You finished yet?" Laurel asked with her hands on her hips as Hermione wiped her eyes. "Just about. It was just too funny. If only Ron and Harry had been here to see it." Later on that night, Laurel and Hermione stayed up watching a new movie, an animation Hermione had said, called the "Lion King". Laurel found it to be rather enjoyable and made Hermione swear that she wouldn't tell anyone that she had cried when Mufasa was killed. By the end of the night, Laurel was exhausted from all the new information that was swirling around in her head. Witches and wizards were raised to believe that they were superior to muggles. That muggles were primitive and unintelligent. But just from spending time with Hermione's family for one night, Laurel was amazed at the things they had accomplished. It really was amazing. Her mother had never really taken her out into the muggle world, and she'd never taken up Muggle Studies because she hadn't really been bothered with it. But now she was rethinking a lot of things. Wizards had no idea what Muggles were capable of. It was sad really, how her kind thought they were so above it that they didn't even educate themselves. And even sadder, Laurel didn't bother to educate herself either. With a tired sigh, Laurel sunk deeper into the pillow and fell asleep. Ready for tomorrow. Author Note The first chapter done! I hope there aren't many spelling mistakes. I personally cannot stand rereading my writing. I feel like to me it's horrible and the style it too childish and lacks detail and fluidity. So this first chapter is about setting the scene on Laurel's role within the group. Laurel and Hermione are best friends. In a way better than Harry and Ron, since they both like to study and get their homework done in time. I also feel like I've dumbed down Laurel and her knowledge of the wizarding world, but I thought about it, and Ron's dad loved muggle stuff, so Ron probably had a little bit more knowledge them most wizards about muggles but Ron still couldn't figure out how to use a telephone or send mail. So even though it looks like Laurel is kinda ditzy about the muggle world, it's just because it's her first time in a muggle house. Please review and let me know what you think; ideas and suggestions are welcome.