if the bruise balm would relieve the pain. A part of him (a rather small part) thought that the whipping Snape had dealt him was at least somewhat deserved, and he had been surprised that the man had offered him the salve. Harry was not one to look a gift horse in mouth, though, and he knew the trek back to Gryffindor tower would be near unbearable without it. And right now, Harry wanted nothing more than to use the salve, put on his pajamas, and crawl into bed to lick his metaphorical wounds. "Sir? May I go, please?" Harry asked. "Go," Snape ordered with a jerk of his hand. Harry made his slow, painful way to the desk where he had left his things. He bent carefully and packed up his stuff, then cautiously slung his bag over his shoulder. Then something occurred to him. "Um, sir? I have a question," Harry said, turning toward Professor Snape. The man had his back to Harry, his eyes focused on the parchments across his desktop. "What?" Snape asked. Harry could tell the man was not really paying attention. "Our next lesson...do you want to...er, that is, are you willing to have another go at teaching me Occlumency?" Harry asked, his eyes on the back of Snape's head. That dark head popped up, and Harry realized he had startled the professor. "Well, this is new. Tell me, Mr. Potter, what has changed your mind about the subtle art that is Occlumency? I would have thought you would take this dear opportunity to refuse to work with the great, greasy bat of the dungeons." He had slowly turned during his speech until they were face to face. Harry forced himself to meet the professor's black gaze. "Um...well, I might have, sir, but..." Harry tried desperately to gather his thoughts. "I mean, it's important, isn't it? It could be my only real chance against Vol-" "Do not say his name!" Snape hissed. Harry flinched at the vehemence in the man's voice, then nodded. "Yes, sir," Harry said. "But, um, You-Know-Who. I need to be able to keep my thoughts away from his or I'll never be able to beat him. How do you win a duel against someone who knows exactly what you'll do next? So I need to know Occlumency, so it isn't so easy for him." "And when did you decide this, boy?" Snape asked disdainfully. Harry tensed at the epithet, but then shoved it away. It did not matter. "Did I finally beat some sense into you?" What an arse. But if Dumbledore wanted Harry to learn this so badly that he would sanction Snape's actions, then it must be important. Dumbledore knew that the two of them got on like porcupine quills and mandrake kidneys-explosively. He surely would not have thrown them together for kicks and giggles. "Perhaps," Harry managed to say, though the word nearly choked him. But Harry knew that these lessons were more important than his pride, or his hatred of the potions master. "Then I shall keep that in mind," Snape said spitefully. "Since nothing else I have tried has done so." Harry knew they could exchange barbs all night, but he was sore and weary from the adrenaline leaving his system. All he wanted to do was find the nearest toilet to apply that bruise balm, make the climb back to Gryffindor tower, and crawl into bed. He gave a small nod to acknowledge the professor's words, carefully shifted his book bag across the front of his hip and took a series of slow, painful steps past his professor and towards the door. From nowhere, Snape's hand shot out and snatched his bicep in a hard grip. Harry froze. Now what? "If you speak a word-even one!-about the contents of that Pensieve, Potter, you will look back on this night and long for my tender mercies. Do you understand me?" His voice was low, deliberate, and threatening. "I will not be so lenient again!" "I won't say anything," Harry said. "I wouldn't have anyway." Harry could not explain the shame he had felt seeing his father's casual cruelty. As much as the beating Snape had doled out had hurt, Harry still thought that the pain of watching Snape's memory had been worse. There was no salve to numb it. "Do you understand me, Potter?" Snape repeated, his voice rising. The madness was creeping back into the professor's voice. "Yes, sir," Harry replied, hoping Snape would let him go. Snape's eyes locked on his. "Legillimens," he said. Harry struggled mentally as the man ripped through his mind, examining all the thoughts and feelings attached to the last twenty minutes. Harry was helplessly lost in the riptide of his own mind. Stop! Please, stop! he wailed inside his head. Reliving the fear and pain of the whipping, not to mention how much it reminded him of his family's less than tender treatment, was almost more than Harry could bear. STOP! Harry begged mentally as tears sprang again to his eyes. And then Snape released his mind. Harry sagged, and if the man hadn't been clutching his bicep in a death grip, Harry might have collapsed onto the floor. "I see that you do," Snape said coldly. Harry nodded weakly, and Snape released him with a mild shove. Harry kept his balance mostly by force of will. "Leave," Snape said. And Harry hobbled off as fast as he could, desperate to leave an angry Snape and the dungeon behind. So Harry did not see the man slump, leaning hard into his palms on the surface of his desk. He did not see the lank black hair swing forward and obscure the shame and grief on the professor's sallow face. And he did not hear the whispered words, rough with pain, escape from that usually silken throat. "I'm sorry. Oh Lily, forgive me for hurting your boy. I'm so sorry." And a lone tear slipped down the man's cheek.