a real shot at winning with you" Ginny turned to look bluntly at Angelina before turning and elbowing her back towards the fire. "What does that mean? Hey, Ginny, wait" Angelina followed after her and caught hold of her arm as she began heading towards the dormitories. "What's the matter?" "I can't sign up" ginny said flatly, refusing to meet Angelina's eyes. "I'm too young" "Anyone can sign up, in any year group" "I'm tired, Angelina. I'm… not experienced enough for this. This is serious. It's important and I-" "Am definitely good enough" Angelina finished for her. She loosen her grip on Ginny's arm but didn't quite take her hand away "Why would you think you're not?" Ginny glanced up quickly, seemed puzzled, then her eyes focused and she seemed distracted by something, looking away from Angelina as her face grew a little red. When no response seemed to be forthcoming Angelina gently tugged her towards the dormitories "Come on" she said softly. Puzzled, Ginny let Angelina tug her up the stone steps away from the crowds and noise, fumbling a little over the last few steps. The Dorms were mostly deserted but for a few girls at the other end who were talking amongst themselves. Angelina pulled Ginny back into a shadowed area near a linen closet. "Angelina, what's…" Ginny started but trailed off as she realised Angelina had moved closer, just close enough. She felt her breath against the side of her cheek and all at once she felt as though her heart was beating at twice its usual speed, but that it had also shrunk in size so that it was only fluttering. She didn't know quite what it was she needed until she felt Angelina's hands firmly grip her waist. Angelinas eyes, suddenly so much closer flickered a dark brown through the gloom and there was no time to react before she kissed her, pressing her back into the shadows. Ginny felt the impact of the wall, of Angelinas lips against hers and something seemed to slip. She was spiralling, the dizzying warmth leaving her breathless and a little out of her depth. Angelina was soft and gentle and insistent, leaning further into the kiss as Ginny tried to find common ground, settling at last on letting her hands rest beneath Angelina's head. As quickly as it had happened they broke apart, slightly breathless. Ginny looked quickly towards the other end of the dorm but it appeared that the other girls has remained oblivious to what was happening behind them. Realising she was still clinging to Angelina's shoulders Ginny let go as if she'd been touched by an electric current. She stumbled back into the wall and with Angelina hovering over with that smile that was entirely different, she felt as though she would melt. Instead she gathered herself together enough to whisper "Angelina I…" she found she didn't have the words. She found herself silenced in anycase as Angelina kissed her again and her eyes were closed. There was a strange gravity, a fondness on Angelina's part that had always been there, and looks in between classes, at meals, but this… Angelina's arms encircled her completely and she found herself feeling as though she were sinking into a warm light. All at once, her senses seemed to catch up with her heart beat and she faltered, pushed back. Suddenly guilt was there and was crushing her, though she couldn't understand why. Angelina searched her face and Ginny realised in the faint shadows that, even when concerned, Angelina was untypically but necessarily beautiful. She also realised that she had known that for some time. "Shh shh shh.." Angelina hushed gently when she saw the Ginny was on the verge of panicking "It's okay Ginny.. Just breathe slowly. I didn't think you didn't know, I mean… you must've done." "What do you mean?" Ginny asked, bewildered "I don't understand.." "Neither do I, honestly" Angelina's mouth twitched upwards into an almost smile. "Don't over think it okay? Just go with what you feel." At this, she leant a hand against the wall, effectively pinning Ginny into the corner. "If you think this'll get me to sign up for the quidditch team" Ginny hissed, an inch from Angelina's face "You've got another think coming." She stared into Angelina's face angrily for another moment before kissing her off her guard, causing her to take a step backwards. For a few moments Angelina murmured softly as Ginny bluntly brushed over Angelina's lips, tangled her fingers in her hair. She pulled back, taking her hands away from Angelina's chest. Giving her the most furious glare she could muster she swept around the corner and left her smirking in the dormitories, running back to the common room, her face burning. She didn't dare look back. Just who did Angelina think she was? But… she couldn't deny she didn't have some right… it just seemed so natural, so like them, she never knew she'd missed it until now. Did she miss it? No, surely. They were just friends. Of course they were just friends. She couldn't seem to stop, however. She couldn't stop her head spinning pleasantly or that feeling in her stomach of want. She stormed into the common room and a couple of first years quickly got out of her way. How dare Angelina. There was no need to elbow her way through the crowds this time; they all swiftly moved out of her path. She wouldn't say that it was anything more than it was, a friendship. She wanted it to happen again, what had happened in the dorms, but it was only a strange secret, a strange promise that had been made and she would not let Angelina Johnston take control of it. These were the only facts she knew. She'd show her. She seized the quill and wrote out in her scrawled, untidy hand 'Ginevra Weasley, 16, chaser.' From now on, if she wanted something, then she'd take it.