of all that House's students, and the pride of their Head of House. It wasn't a surprise for almost anyone – Professor McGonagall had spent the past few days handing out apologetic points to the first years like candy, and even Professor Snape had shocked his Slytherins by awarding a few points to Gryffindor in Potions class. Neville even earned one solitary point for Gryffindor, for "not being a total dunderhead and keeping your cauldron from melting or exploding for a change". He was being practically a soft fluffy bunny of a teacher… but only compared to the start of the year. He remained a stern and prickly teacher that few except Hermione really admired, apart from his own favourite Slytherin students. There was one final surprise for the school, before they all went home for the year. Professor Dumbledore made a shocking announcement at the end-of-year feast. "I regret to say that I will be retiring as Headmaster," he announced solemnly, to gasps of widespread disbelief. He'd been around so long that he'd even taught half of their teachers, so it was pretty stunning to consider he'd even contemplate leaving Hogwarts. "I will be doing some researching and travelling in my retirement, and I won't have time over the next few years to dedicate myself to the wellbeing of the school and the students here the way you all deserve. I am pleased to announce, however, that Professor McGonagall will be stepping into the role, and I hope you'll all give a hearty round of applause for your new Headmistress, whom I'm sure will do a marvellous job." They all applauded her enthusiastically – with the claps and whistles from the Gryffindor table the loudest of course. She gave a brief thank you speech, and in turn led a round of farewell applause for Professor Dumbledore. "Do you know why he's leaving?" Hermione asked Lavender, who usually had a good ear for gossip. "No, I hadn't heard about it at all!" she said, shaking her head. "He is pretty ancient, though. I think he turned a hundred this year! So maybe he's just getting old?" Harry was sitting on Hermione's other side at the table, and leant in to whisper to her, "I know why. And I can't tell you the details, but it's important. It's really important. And when he finds… the stuff he's looking for, it's going to ensure the world stays safe." He looked so absolutely certain about it, Hermione was instantly convinced that Professor Dumbledore was surely off on some epic noble quest. "Something to do with the thing Professor Quirrell was after?" Hermione asked, with a meaningful raise of her eyebrows. "Sort of, yes. It's related," Harry said. "No-one should live forever," he added, in a very quiet and grave whisper. "Well, good luck to him, then," Hermione said. She was dreadfully curious, but tried to respect that Harry was telling her as much as he felt he could. Harry nodded. "Yes, good luck to him. There's nothing more important to do than that. I offered to help, but he said I'm too young, which is fair enough I guess because I can barely levitate a feather. He'll be fine, I'm sure. And the world will be better for it." Harry toyed with his food for a while, and Hermione turned to chat with Lavender instead. Ron on Harry's other side seemed to be having his own turn at a confidential discussion with Harry, though the art of covert whispering seemed to elude him as he got a little loud occasionally. At one point, Hermione overhead him say, "You're really considering it? It's Snape ! You can't be serious!" in a very shocked tone of voice before Harry shushed him, looking around worriedly like he was worried people were listening in. But most people didn't seem to care, and just carried on eating and laughing happily, busy with the celebration. Over pudding, Harry had a question for Hermione. "You spend a lot of time with Professor Snape, right?" he asked her. "Fred and George – Ron's big brothers, the twins – they say he's not so bad. He lets them do extra brewing in the afternoons after class, to work on their own potion recipe inventions. That he's strict, but doesn't actually hurt anyone. What do you think of him?" "Well, he's very intelligent – he's the youngest Potions Master in recorded history. He broke all the records, you know. I think he's friendlier to students who are better at Potions, and likes his Slytherins the best. And I think he's very touchy about his hair being greasy, so don't mention that even if you're just trying to help," she added ruefully. "I figured that out a bit late." "Do you think-" Harry started, and ignored an interrupting snort from Ron on his other side, "-do you think he has any kids? Can you imagine him being a dad?" "I'm pretty sure he's not married," she said slowly. "There's no ring or anything. I guess he could still have kids anyway, though wizards seem pretty formal about that sort of thing. Victorian morals, you know. I think hypothetically he'd probably act towards his kids like he does to Draco – very strict on behaviour, but indulgent in regards to praise, and wanting them to be good at Potions just like he is. Why do you ask?" "No reason, just curious," Harry said vaguely. Ron let out a disgusted snort, and rolled his eyes. Hermione was intrigued by the mystery of his questions, and Ron's obvious disapproval. She found out what it was all about during summer, in a letter sent from Harry at his new home, but the vast majority of students wouldn't discover whom Harry's new guardian was until the start of the next school year, when Professor Snape was spotted bringing Harry to the Hogwarts Express, and waving a very temporary farewell to him as the train pulled away from the station.