his hand faster than should be possible for a man of his size. Pulling Harry's face closer to his, he whispered in a deadly voice. 'If you dare threaten me and my family you can forget about living under my roof. Maybe I'll find this hoobly-whats-it-lord myself and hand you right over. Would serve you right. You think I don't have ways of making you write those letters boy?" Vernon saw a flicker of fear spark through Harry's eyes and twisted his ear harder. With satisfied glee he continued. "That's right, you know exactly what I'm talking about. We've been through this already" And as quickly as he had grabbed Harry, he released him and backhanded him across the face. Harry, losing his balance, fell hard against the wall and to the floor. "Now let that be a lesson to you." His Uncle turned around now content to ignore his bleeding nephew. Harry made his way off of the floor feeling the lump that was beginning to form on the back of his head. There was blood coming down the side of his face where his Uncle's wedding ring had cut him. "Your hair is getting too long, I'm cutting it tonight. Lord knows Marge won't want to look at you anymore than we do." Aunt Petunia spat at Harry as though nothing has happened. She sneered at him with disdain, her nose wrinkling in disgust as a drop of blood hit her pristine floor. "And clean that up! Now!" Harry made for the kitchen to fetch some paper towels, knowing better than to use an actual towel to clean the mess. He quickly washed the cut on his face, grabbed the disinfectant from under the sink and made his way back to the dining room. Once that was clean, he quietly made his way to the cupboard. XxXxXxXxXx Thirty minutes later, and with a pounding headache, his Aunt was rapping her knuckles on the cupboard door. "Get out here, clean this mess and be quick about it!" As Harry made his way out of the cupboard, he looked to the right at the Dursley's who were sprawled out in the the living room to watch television and gossip about Mr. Next Door Neighbor who, Petunia had discovered, wears a toupee over his bald head. Harry cleaned the table and washed the dishes. He was heading back to the cupboard when Aunt Petunia called to him. "Boy get in the kitchen, time for your haircut." She screeched walking past Harry's cupboard to the kitchen. Harry followed absentmindedly brushing his hair out of his face. It felt longer. He ran a hand through. It was all the way down to his chin, it had certainly not been like that in the morning, had it? Stranger things had happened he thought, recalling all the times his hair had gown back after visits to the barber and even when his Aunt had given him his near bald haircut. Then again...This wasn't quite the same. "Aunt Petunia, may I use the bathroom first?" Harry asked as he reached the doorway to the kitchen. "Hurry up then." Petunia snapped back growing agitated as she laid a sheet out under the chair he was to have his hair cut in. Harry headed upstairs to the bathroom and looked in to the mirror. His emerald green eyes widened in shock. His hair was no longer messy and unkempt, on the contrary, it was long and straight. He didn't think it looked bad but he wondered how it could have happened. He shook his head, he did not have time to ponder it now, it would have to wait until later. He headed back downstairs and then sat in the chair that Petunia had set in the kitchen on top of the raggedy old bed sheet. "Sit!" She barked. Harry obeyed and she began to cut his hair. Harry watched as his hair began to fall mercilessly on to the sheeted floor. If he was honest with himself he really didn't want to see it go. He thought it actually made him look a bit older and somehow more mature. When she had finished cutting his hair Harry went back to the cupboard under the stairs and looked into the mirror Ginny had given him. He had to admit the haircut his Aunt gave him this time wasn't as bad as the buzz cut and his hair didn't look all that bad straight. Harry figured that if it hadn't been for Aunt Marge coming tomorrow, she would have buzzed all of it off, again. He set the mirror down and went to bed, the Dursley's had long since burned the cot that used to serve as his bed. He was tired from being up so early and in no way looking forward to the next day. Uncle Vernon would be picking Marge up tomorrow morning at the train station. Upon her arrival at Number 4 Privet Drive, Harry would have to endure a few days of Marge's cruel taunting and snide remarks. He could do this, he'd done it before and he'd do it again. Well, discounting the summer before his third year. That was a fluke he told himself, he was older now. He would have better self-control, he wasn't entirely convinced. Exhausted from the days activities he thought briefly of the Dreamless Sleep potions that had been delivered to him that morning. No, he shook his head, he needed to save the Dreamless Sleep for when Marge stayed, he couldn't risk having nightmares while she was here. He could only imagine the punishment then. He closed his eyes and did his best to Occlude, shortly after he felt into an uncomfortable sleep. XxXxXx Well, there you have it, Chapter One! I hope you have enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. I am already working on the next chapter revision. Reviews, questions, suggestions and comments always welcome. See you all soon! ~Bria Snape