into the fight once she had been freed) – and she felt it was time to finally vocalize it. "Harry, please," Luna said weakly, "if you truly love me… don't hate my father for what he did when he was desperate. He's the entire reason why you're my boyfriend at all; when I was little, he told me what to look for when I was older, and he said, 'Somehow you'll just know'. And he constantly told me that you were everything he had ever wanted me to find in a boyfriend. It must have torn his heart apart to have you sitting there, in his house, while he knew the whole time what was coming. Please don't hate him." Harry remained silent for a minute or two before speaking: "He told me the first time I met him that he was afraid of something like this – and I thought something seemed off about him the day we were ambushed, although it was hard to tell. He's even harder to read than you are, Luna. I admit, I did feel angry – but I pushed the anger aside, because I was as concerned as he was, and finding you became my first priority. I've learned that parents – especially those with only one child – will often do things they would have called 'unthinkable' once they feel they've been pushed to the very edge. It's why my dad confronted Voldemort the night he died, even though he knew he couldn't possibly win. Dad hated the Dark Arts, and he hated the Death Eaters, but I don't think he believed he'd ever actually fight Voldemort himself until it happened. Your dad knew he'd do anything to keep you safe, because you were all he had left, and the Death Eaters called his bluff. Dumbledore told me once that this is what Voldemort does: he sees love as a weakness, and he takes advantage of people by exploiting their love. I can only imagine how horribly your dad must have been threatened – and I can't hate him, Luna, because he loves you, and you love him, and I love him, and I believe he loves me. It makes no sense to hate somebody who acted out of love." Harry's monologue had caused Luna to break into one of the biggest smiles he had ever seen – almost as big as the time when he first told her he wanted to be her boyfriend. "We'll see him again when this is all over, Harry," said Luna, her silver-blue eyes gleaming. "We'll all make it back to each other, and he'll be so glad to be forgiven, and it'll all be back to how it was. We'll all fix up the house together, and I'll repaint my murals… we just need to make it through this. It's like I said to you after Dumbledore's funeral: 'couples need each other the most in the very darkest moments' – which, incidentally, is also something Daddy told me." Harry nodded. "Your father is a very wise man, Luna – and might I add, he raised a very wise young woman. How I didn't notice you in my first four years, I'll never know." "Mmmm… I suppose you just weren't ready for me yet," mused Luna. "Had you met me earlier, you might not have thought I was special. We would probably still have been friends, but we might have missed out on being together. I think you met me exactly when you needed to: no later, no sooner. But maybe… if we were always meant for each other… this was how it was going to be regardless of when we met." Harry raised one of his hands up to touch Luna's cheek, and the couple shared a long kiss, something that now felt like second nature to both of them. "Well," said Harry, after they parted, "I suppose there is one way to know for sure… I haven't done this in a while… I've actually been wondering what would happen…" He pulled his wand out, but before he could do anything, Luna put her hand on it and pulled out her own wand. In her own inscrutable way, she seemed to already know what he was thinking. "Wait…" she said in the dreamy voice that Harry loved more than any other voice in the world. "Let's do it together… after all, you're the one who taught me how to do this." Harry nodded, and each thinking of the kiss they had just shared, he and Luna raised their wands, aimed them at the shore, and cried, "Expecto Patronum!" A spectral stag and hare went bounding down through the grass and across the sand dunes, crossing each other's path repeatedly, and continued into the ocean until they finally dissolved in the waves. They would have been just like any other Patronuses they had ever sent, except for one thing: the stag had come from Luna's wand, and the hare had come from Harry's. "They changed…" he gasped as Luna held him even tighter. "They both changed…" "Come on, Harry," smiled Luna. "Let's go down to the shore and watch the sunset together. Voldemort can't take that away from us – and besides, I suspect some Gulping Plimpies are going to show up after the sun goes down, and I want to see if we can finally catch one." Harry let go of Luna, and she stood up and began walking away. Harry stood as well, but he did not move yet, choosing instead to simply watch the dazzling young woman who was the undisputed center of his world. Somehow you'll just know, he thought. That's what your dad said – and even though he didn't know me then, he might as well have been talking to me, because somehow I just knew, too. And on that day, Harry Potter once again followed Luna Lovegood – as he knew he always would, wherever she happened to go.