He places a series of fluttery kisses on the back of my neck, murmuring my name, while my paintbrush continues to kiss pieces of love in acrylic caresses. "I'm busy." We stand together, a tangle of limbs. I can feel the firm stutter of his heart against my back. It's almost as if we're one, exhaling in beats of music. "Busy doing what?" "Painting." The brush skitters across valleys and hills of green, encircling the russet colour. I stretch further, reaching into the corners to smear spins of dye, drawing rainbows in the crevices of his eyes. "Painting who?" His mouth slides across the small stretch of my shoulder and my breath is caught in the back of my throat. I steal a glance at him. His eyes are a pale blue today, but I know better. "Painting you." His lips brush the shell of my ear. "Then paint me." He steals a kiss, woefully squeezing in underneath my outstretched arm. I gasp, smearing gold across the soft expand of his chin. His mouth gapes open in mock horror. His eyes are incredibly wide. He's kind of precious like this. His laugh rings out, full and heartfelt. I turn my brush on him instead. Laying brush strokes across limbs and smiles. He nibbles at my bottom lip and I gasp breathlessly into his mouth, smearing the side of his face in oceanic blue with my palm. This is us, stretching into forever with kaleidoscope bodies. We sit cross-legged in our apartment, face to face. I run the bristly fibres across the smooth expand of his back and acres of skin, a loving caress to last a lifetime. At last, he coats his hand in burgundy, too. Smears it across the wide expand of my chest. He pushes away clothes, careful and gentle. Then he paints a sun on the corner of my hip. We roll across paint, woven together in a mash. We fall onto the floor, tainting our bedroom a whirl of kaleidoscopic shades. We paint it with love. Chocolate-brown tainted love. "No." "Please, I need you there – I can't -" Scorpius stares at me for a long time. "This is a bad, bad idea," I tell him. "Mr Gobbles is coming too, though," he tells me and lifts my beloved cat in the air. "Isn't that right?" He meows softly as if to agree. "I've trained her to go potty!" He says, "Look! Mr Gobbles, go potty in your tray, please." Mr Gobbles just blinks at him with his large grey eyes. "Mr Gobbles…" He begins licking his paw, ignoring Scorpius completely. "NOW!" Finally, he lifts his fat bottom grudgingly and saunters to his tray before sitting down in it. Triumphantly Scorpius turns at me, grinning wickedly. I don't bother saying anything. We both know I'll go. Scorpius is too much of a pushover to let me stay here and I need the money too much. When night falls Scorpius leaves me, disapparating to his own place just down the street and I am left to my thoughts again. We'll be leaving in the morning and Scorpius needs his sleep in order to be bearable during the ride to Grimsby. We're taking Betty, seeing as I don't apparate and it's way easier getting around this way. I stand by the door after he leaves, my smile frozen in place as I stare blankly into the air. Mr Gobbles rubs his face against my leg in an attempt to get some loving, complaining loudly. I puff him aside, having not quite forgiven his betrayal from earlier. The city lights can almost be mistaken for the moon out here. All the fog here in the city hides the moon, but I can still recall the exact shape and form of it from years of practice. The image has been drawn on the back of my skull, so familiar that I find it to be a piece missing from me. The tall buildings seem to reach up endlessly, stretching towards the skyline, much like the dreamers of this city, touching the stars. I find myself envious of their length. It's like a stairwell to heaven, lighting the way to the clouds. My feet carry me too easily forward until I'm at the window, resting a tired hand against the slippery surface of the window. The cold feels good against my palm. It's the most real thing I've felt all day. The moon finally shows itself, slipping out of clouds, and my thoughts end up straying him like they've had a habit of doing these past five years. Wondering what he's doing. If he's happy. I do as always and push the thought down, reciting grocery lists in my mind until the soft sonata of his voice fades away to the beat of the city. I sit there in the window sealing, staring at the city as it breathes. Mr Gobbles falls asleep draped across my feet, grumbling slightly as he tries to find a proper spot. I don't sleep at night; instead I stare at the moon for hours, storing each curve and crater in my mind. London's been my home for over half a decade, yet it still feels foreign at nights like these, like a shoe that's a size too big. You'll still be able to walk, but it never sits well with you. Not quite, anyways. My mother told me London was too much of a city to me. That it would swallow me whole. It will kill her to know I am a journalist on a gossip magazine She believes in courage and in logistics. So does all of my family really. They believe in progress and in saving the world. My father fears it. Loathes it. He believes in solving crosswords and English breakfasts with nice sausages. And then there's Ted. Ted believed I could save the world all by myself. That I would stand a chance against the universe. But sometimes, people are mistaken.