be accepted. Signed on behalf of the Governors: Pauline Fairbanks Hogwarts board of Governors. Standard automated Contractual failure form 1217/8 Along with the scroll was a letter that had been dated some months previous and addressed to them both from Gringotts bank of London, it had obviously not been delivered to them and as it appeared attached to a school document must have been intercepted by Dumbledore. Lord and Lady Potter, due to unforeseen circumstances and the change in your status it is imperative that you attend a meeting with the Potter vaults account keeper at your earliest opportunity. This letter will act as a portkey to transport you both to your account keeper, activation words 'Potter account 2' will activate the portkey within the letter. For the portkey to work you must be outside the main castle. We at Gringotts recommend use of the great lawn in front of the castle doors as an adequate departure point. Keeper of Accounts Bonecutter. Estates office. Gringotts London. Harry thinking on his feet as was his usual way turned to the headmaster, "I need some time to think about what this says and what the breaking of this contract will mean to me. I need to take a walk. I will be out on the front lawn 'headmaster'." Turning to Hermione he gave her a gentle nudge before he spoke quietly to her "Will you accompany me please?" As Harry and Hermione walked out of the great hall Hermione conjured a copy of the parchment from the school and passed it to professor McGonagall and then together the two teens turned toward the main door of the castle. Albus Dumbledore headmaster of Hogwarts unsure of where the contract had come from muttered some praise for who ever the death eater that was taking his old friends place. A death eater that had obviously put Potters name in the goblet, and as it seemed to the old man, the death eater had everything covered including a magical contract, he was happy to let the boy take a walk. He would have cursed and not sighed in relief had he seen the parchment that McGonagall was reading. Not knowing that Harry referred to the broken school contract, Dumbledore smiled to him self once again feeling superior to everyone else, his plot was working well. He felt sure that the rule abiding Miss Granger would quickly change the boys mind if he still questioned things. "Harry Potter will be in the tournament, Miss Granger will see to that, otherwise I will have wasted almost three years setting this up," Dumbledore said very quietly to himself as he reluctantly went to join the other champions and their head teachers. He would let Harry know what was expected later, when he came back to apologise for his bad behaviour. He looked forward to seeing the boy being submissive once again. The two teens paused as they heard their best friend Ron Weasley speak, but he most definitely did not sound very happy. "That's right Potter you coward, first you find a way to put your name in the damn Goblet without telling me, your supposed best mate, and then you chicken out. Well we don't need someone like you in Gryffindor, there's no room for liars and cheats with a streak of cowardice down their back. Come on Hermione, you can walk up to the tower with me." Neither of the young couple turned to look at Ronald Weasley as he ranted at them, they had heard his stupid angry tantrums before, his last tantrums being over not having enough food and not knowing how to destroy a locket. This time they came to a mutual agreement made with a simple look into each others eyes. Ronald Weasley had most definitely already ended their friendship permanently. Revenge for planning on feeding them love potions sometime in the near future was definitely on the cards as far as Harry was concerned. Harry and Hermione slowly walked across the lawn and away from the main door of the castle, only stopping to talk when they were sure they were far enough away not to be overheard. "Er… Hermione just to be sure I'm going to ask you a question, if it sounds stupid or you don't understand it just shake your head. Er… Are you back too?" Hermione's eyes lit up as she answered "Yes love. Though at first with that kiss I thought everything had been a dream." "I'm not sure what's happening this time as this contract thing never happened before, we need to find out what's going on," Harry said looking into Hermione's eyes. "I agree Harry, we can't talk about this here though, we know it's obviously not safe for you here with the headmaster trying to force you to take part in this stupid competition designed for 'of age' students, we both know what happened last time. Oh that's what the change is, you never refused to enter before did you." Hermione answered with tears of un-vented anger at how life treated her and her best friend beginning to fill her eyes. "So shall we use the portkey, I'm certain it's from Gringotts?" Harry asked in a whisper. Hermione gave a slight nod of her head and reached out to take hold of the note he was holding. "At least it's a way out of here we didn't have last time… first though you should call Dobby and ask him to help us. We will need our belongings out of the school." Within a few minutes Dobby and his life mate Winky had been summoned and had collected the Potter's property, then joined them out on the main lawn. Hermione after taking hold of her trunk reached over and she said "Potter account 2," as she took hold with him. A mere second later they both felt the pull of the portkey and they vanished from Hogwarts grounds in a swirl of colours. 10