Uncle Vernon had just commented about the absence of post when no less than fifty letters came shooting from the fireplace. Harry had jumped in the air hoping to grab one only to be dragged away by Uncle Vernon, tossed into the hall way. Rose had knelt down in hopes of getting one that had already landed on the floor. Aunt Petunia grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her out into the hallway behind Uncle Vernon, Harry and Dudley. They took a moment to breathe, the paper cuts on Rose's face stinging. Uncle Vernon huffed for a few moments before saying suddenly, "That does it. I want you all back here in five minutes, ready to leave. We're going away. Just pack some clothes. No arguments!" It felt like something was coming. That the raging storm of the letters and the mystery surrounding them were coming to an end. She and Harry bounded upstairs to gather their things. Rose watched as Harry was sure to pack the letter under his meager pile of clothing. Rose packed all of her clothes and her blanket with the cross stitch Aunt Petunia had been helping her with. Ten minutes later, they all piled into the car to leave Private Drive. "Excuse me, I'm looking for the Potters," a woman said the next morning at breakfast. They had driven all day the day before, not stopping once to eat or rest. No one dared ask where they were going or what they were doing. No one said anything aside from incoherent muttering on Uncle Vernon's part. Occasionally, Aunt Petunia would send a worried look into the backseat at Rose, but she was always quick to turn back around when Rose saw it. They had finally, after whining from Dudley, stopped at an inn on the outskirts of some big city. Harry and Dudley shared a musty room with two twin beds, and in another room with two twin beds, Uncle Vernon took one and Aunt Petunia insisted on sharing the other with Rose. The woman who approached them, who turned out to be the owner, held two familiar letters in her hand. "It's only that, I've about a 'undred of these at the front desk." They left quickly after that, driving even more madly than the day before. Uncle Vernon would stop somewhere, the middle of a forest, a plowed field, or halfway across a suspension bridge. He would get out, glance around, shake his head, and get back in the car for them to keep going. They finally drove to the coast as it began to rain. He locked them all in the car and walked off. "If anything happens," Aunt Petunia said, not looking at anyone in particular, "anything strange, stay behind me. Just, stay with me." The last bit was whispered and Rose wasn't sure who she was talking to. When Uncle Vernon returned, he had a long thin box and a beaming face that made Rose nervous. He had everyone get out of the car and pointed up to a hut on a rock just away from shore. Uncle Vernon ushered them into a rowboat ferried by a toothless old man. The rain was harsh, and icy, but Uncle Vernon never lost the mad grin. The inside of the sad little house smelled moldy and wet. Uncle Vernon gave each of them a bag of chips and a banana, using the trash from it to start a fire. "Could do with some of those letters now, eh?" he asked over his shoulder in a teasing matter. Rose was sure that she very nearly hated him in that moment. He stayed in a good mood through nightfall when a great storm raged outside. There was no way someone could get a letter to them now. Rose was saddened by this thought until she remembered the letter at the bottom of Harry's bag. Still, it was Harry's letter. Not hers. Aunt Petunia found some moldy blankets and distributed them before she and Uncle Vernon turned in for the night in the only bedroom. Long after everyone else was asleep, Harry and Rose pulled out the letter and reread it again as they had each night since they got it, just to reinforce that it was real. Even if they still remained unsure about the legitimacy of the contents. Then, when Dudley's glow in the dark watch read midnight, Harry drew a cake in the dirt floor of the shack with eleven candles. "Happy Birthday, Rosie," he whispered to her. "Happy Birthday, Harry," she whispered back. And they both blew the dirt cake away with the same wish in their minds. A wish, that wasn't a wish, but more of a feeling. That something would happen. Anything. And then... it did. A/N: Okay, so, I know there are a lot of 'Harry has a sister' stories. But, I feel like if Lily had had a daughter that looked like Lily, Petunia would have treated her different that they did Harry. Despite everything, Petunia loved her sister. In this I think of it as Petunia looking at Rose as a surrogate for Lily. A chance to re do and fix her relationship with her sister. So, here it happened. Petunia loves Rose. This will trend will continue through all of the books and I will be continuing this story to the end. Tell me what you think. She will end up with Draco. I think. I am almost positive about that. I have plans for her character and her relationships and events that will happen. THIS IS STILL HARRY'S STORY! This is just Rose's story alongside and in the background of his. She will not have the same wand core as he and Voldemort. She will not be a Chosen One. She will not be entered into the Tri-Wizard Tournament with him. She will have friends outside of he and his. This is Rose's story, but still Harry's quest and journey. Dasvidanya, Juliet.