was next me and holding Megan's other hand. We all ran until we stopped, Brittany was standing in the middle of the great hall and she said tears in her eyes, saying "This it I must go, this you time you need to tell everyone about Harry", we could see all the memories of everyone in the hall, bodies everywhere. Heather and Richard walked in, as Brittany was taking the bottle to her mouth she took the drink and the memories started to move faster and Emma held Brittany in her arms. Then when we saw Harry and Voldemort final battle we didn't see the headmaster and other teachers and students behind them. As Brittany was dying in Emma arms, all the teachers and students could not believe what they saw. They saw Harry Potter and his friends, and all of Dumbledore's Army, the Weasleys and all the teachers. "Its true! Harry Potter the boy who lived" Professor Gallagher said looking at Brittany. When Brittany took her last breath, the battle of Hogwarts stopped, all of the people slipped away and the last things we all heard was Ginny Weasley screaming 'No! HARRY!" After this the castle began rebuild, its self the great hall was silent, the books had fallen out of the bag. Megan was crying into Richard's robe, and all the students and teachers were gathered in the great hall some watching the castle being rebuild, and some looking at the books. Professor Gallagher pick up the one of book which was called "Life and times: Harry J. Potter the boy who lived and his friends. 1980-2055 "So its true everything, we have been told, we were living in a lie this whole time". Chapter 19- The boy who lived It's been a month since the events, everyone now believe Harry Potter the boy who lived. As Emma sat down with her friends she saw the daily prophet title "The boy who lived, lives once again". Then another title called "Minister of Magic leader: Conwell forced to retire, might be put in Azkaban." "Hey, Emma" she turned around to see Richard walking towards them. "Hey, what's up" she replied, he smiled, then said "I just wanted to see how you were doing?' with this Emma replied, "I am great how are you?" Emma replied, "I am great, better then a few days ago, ready to go home" "yeah me too" Richard said as he walked away. Then Emma stood up and said "Richard wait" he turned around saying "Yes" "I just wanted let you know what I saw you did that day and I realized that you don't belong in Slytherin, you belong in Gryffindor" she said with a smile he said "thanks" then walk off to his table. Emma sat back with her friends and talked with them for a while, and then headmaster cleared his throat and everyone looked up at him and sat there in silent. "The last couple of years, we all heard strange noises but now we know what those noise were, it was the battle of Hogwarts. " As he was continuing he was saying "On May 2nd of 1998 a battle broke out on the grounds of Hogwarts it was between all the Hogwarts students and teachers there families, and of course Harry Potter, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger against the Dark Wizard and his followers. " These books are piece of History that we all have been missing, now its time to get this part of history back " he said holing up a book "I have put those puts in everyone trunks, and these books will be in the library for everyone to enjoy and we will learn about the boy who lived in history of Magic starting next school term. We all cheered and then headmaster yelled, "Quiet!" The whole great hall fell silent. After everyone was silent he continued "I have been trying sense make sense of it all, Brittany Syler was a Hogwarts student and a member of the DA. She was here when the death eaters took over and the battle started; she was in her fifth year when she fought and stayed here to tell the story of Harry Potter but when the last of DA died she went into hiding and had been here since." "The whole great hall was very quiet no dared to move, and then he said, "I know you all heard but Conwell has been asked to step down". Then Heather leaded over and whispered, "ask to step down more like forced." Emma just look her and said, "I wonder why she was doing that" They both turned their attention back to the headmaster who was saying " There are some descendants of people who fought in the battle and survived, I would be very pound of brave young witches and wizards who fought along side Harry and his friends." "And lets not forget the people that had died for their freedom and let them live on in Hogwarts forever". After the headmaster speech, Sam leaned over and said "Emma, looked up", Emma looked saw that the great hall sky was not a mist anymore it was light with clouds and she look down to see a paper saying "Thanks for everything, you are truly Hermione Granger's great-x3 granddaughter ~Brittany At this Emma smiled. A few days later Emma, Heather, Jacob, Richard, Sam, Gabby, Amber and Isaiah we all heading towards the Hogwarts train, when Amber asked "You something that Harry had that Voldemort didn't, that it made Harry not become like him?" Richard asked "What" Then Emma relied with a smile remembering the memory that she saw in Harry 5th year "Friendship and love, that's what Harry had. That's why Harry never became Voldemort because Harry had people to show him what love and friendship was." As they all walked, they all hoped that even through Harry and his friends are gone, he will live on forever now.