lack of pretense. "Some of the other students call me 'Loony', you know. That doesn't hurt my feelings, though. That doesn't bother me. But when you insulted my father… that actually hurt much more." "I know it did, Luna," said Hermione softly, "and I have some things I need to say to you." Luna nodded, still not looking at Hermione, who now sat down beside her under the tree. "I said some things yesterday that were very wrong," Hermione began, "and I shouldn't have judged your dad without even knowing him. I shouldn't have judged him or his magazine or your beliefs. That was a terrible thing for me to do all around. But I wasn't just wrong to say those things; I was also wrong when I said that the only real things in the world are in books." Luna looked up with a twinkle in her eye, and her usual smile was starting to come back. "Does that mean you believe in Nargles after all?" she asked. "Er… no," Hermione said flatly. "No. We're just going to have to agree to disagree about Nargles – and a lot of other things in The Quibbler , for that matter. But what I do mean is that there are some things in the world you can't learn about in books. You can surround yourself with books, but they can't teach you everything. Some things you just have to learn from actually interacting with other people – and by making mistakes. I could read every book in both the Muggle and Wizarding worlds, and it wouldn't make me a better friend, or even a better person. I look at the person you are, and I look at the person I am, and even though you're very different and I can't explain you, Luna… I wouldn't want to change you. At first I thought I did, but I don't. If you were less like you and more like me … well, I wouldn't be able to learn anything from you. Like a Nargle, you're something I can't find in a book – but the difference is, I do believe in you." Luna smiled more fully now. "People would be very boring if they could be explained all the time, wouldn't they?" she asked. "Yes," admitted Hermione, leaning back and looking up at the clouds – something she suddenly felt she hadn't spent enough time in her life doing. "Yes, I suppose they would be." "Hermione?" Luna asked after a few minutes. "If I found a Nargle someday, and I had proof of it, and I wrote about it in a book… would you believe in Nargles then?" "I guess I would," said Hermione. "That's just the kind of person I am – although I suppose there is something to admire in people who believe in something before anybody else does." "What does your father do for a living?" inquired Luna. "Oh… oh, he and my mum are both dentists in the Muggle world." "And what's a dentist?" "Oh, well, it's a doctor – like a Muggle Healer, but only for your teeth." Luna burst into laughter, startling Crookshanks, who stood up and turned around before settling back down in Luna's lap. "You're kidding! " she gasped, once she had her voice back. "Muggles have a different Healer for all their different body parts? Oh my, they must not be very good at medicine, then!" "You think what my dad does sounds silly, don't you?" asked Hermione, with a look of whimsy on her face. "Oh… it wouldn't be polite of me to say that." Luna stopped laughing and shook her head. "No, go ahead," said Hermione. "Say it, and then we'll be even." "Oh, alright," said Luna, imitating Hermione's scolding tone from yesterday, although finding it difficult to hold back her giggles. "I think what your father does is silly, and, um, I think he's a kook and he should be ashamed of himself!" Both girls laughed out loud, and Luna motioned to give Crookshanks back to Hermione. "No, he likes you," said Hermione. "You can have him for today – in fact, you can borrow him anytime you want to pet him, alright? He'll always come back to me when he's done wandering about. After all, he could use someone to wander with – I know I can't be that exciting, always moving from dorm to classroom to library and back." "Thank you," Luna smiled, "and thank you for your apology." "You really love animals, don't you?" Hermione asked as she got to her feet, leaving Luna and Crookshanks sitting under the tree. "Oh, very much so!" nodded Luna. "I'm going to be a magizoologist when I grow up. In fact… I just drew some bowtruckles I saw in the shrubs, if you'd like to see." She gestured toward the bookbag lying beside her, which had her sketchpad sticking out of it. "I'd love to see those some other time," Hermione said, "but right now, I need to get back to my studies. I'm a bit behind my normal schedule this morning, and…" she looked down at her chest, mindful of the Time-Turner necklace that was concealed under her robes. "Well, suffice to say, my schedule is a little busier than most people's." Taking her leave of Luna, and feeling an immense sense of relief, Hermione walked back up toward the castle. As she made her way back to Gryffindor Tower, she even found herself imitating Luna's characteristic bounce-and-skip, before immediately replacing it with her own regular walk. Her first stop was to return to her dorm, and as soon as she opened her trunk, she found her missing quill, right in the place where she would have expected it to be – and yet where it distinctly hadn't been that morning. And although Hermione quickly pushed the thought out of her head, she wondered for one brief moment if maybe there was such a thing as a Nargle after all.