back door. "do you think they will miss us if we go now?" Hermione chuckled a little "No I don't think they will. So Mr Potter any idea at all how that just happened?" she asked smiling. Holding hands tightly Harry apparated them to the Grange, which was the larger of the Potter homes. Sitting in the kitchen with a cup of hot chocolate each Harry and Hermione both looked nervous. "So Hermione love, are you okay with all this, I mean a week ago I was with Ginny and you thought you were married to Ron and now here we are after being ambushed into a marriage." Harry asked nervously. Hermione looked worried not sure how to answer him, she loved him more than she had ever thought was possible and her dream from when she was just thirteen years old had come true that day. Then she looked into his eyes and saw the fear of rejection in his eyes and she found her answer. "I feel I shall now be happy for all time Harry, we both will, you and me together to the end as it should have been." Harry wanting to be considerate with his best friend and new wife spent the next half hour kissing and cuddling before leading Hermione up stairs to bed. "We'll use the master suite, Ginny never slept in there always said she did not feel right, like she didn't belong there or some such thing. Will that be ok?" An hour later Hermione had her very first orgasm brought about by someone other than herself. She admitted to Harry that she had never been touched in any sexual way by Ron, because after he had told her about his little problem right after their wedding reception she was so angry with him for misleading her into marriage when he knew she wanted children at some point. She had with held everything from him, including hugs. Although when it was needed she had let him give her small kisses when in public to uphold the façade they put on their lives. Fifteen minutes later she asked Harry to be gentle and slow it being her first time making love. Harry was as gentle as he could be and having broken her maidenhead he had paused for a while and then with a great amount of will power he removed himself from her and promised they would start again in a day or so in order that she could enjoy their first time lovemaking properly and pain free when the broken hymen was healed, but doesn't mean we have to leave the bed. It was over an hour before they fell asleep having enjoyed each other in several ways that did not include penetration. Hermione fell asleep sexually satisfied and looking forward to the following night when she was sure she would truly enjoy full on sex for the first time in her life. Harry slept beside her with a sort of satisfaction he had never felt with Ginny, his smile did not leave his face through out the night. Three days after their first wedding anniversary Hermione was in St Mungo's where she gave birth to two identical twin girls, Lily Jane who weighed in at seven pounds and five ounces and Helen Rose who weighed just three ounces less. Both girls had a fine set of lungs that was only matched by the size of their magical core which would day match that of their father. Harry and Hermione were truly happy together, between them, both had everything they had ever wanted out of life. Their best friend Ginny became Lily's godmother and their friend Neville became her godfather. Angelina and George became Helen's godparents. When the two girls were six month old they got them selves a brother when Andromeda Tonks died from a short illness and as Harry and Hermione were Teddy Tonks godparents it fell to them to take in the young boy. Hermione sat looking at her two little girls who had both fallen asleep after being fed their lunch and having a short time breast feeding as well. She thought about how much her entire life had changed to become so full of happiness all because her former sister in law discovered she could never have a child. As she usually did she said a silent thank you to Ginny and to which ever deity that gave Ginny Weasley the idea that led to these two beautiful baby girls. She then promised the girls that in a couple of years they could become big sisters. Ron ended up disowned by Arthur his father, because of his treatment of Hermione. Every time he had a date with anyone it seemed one of his former family slipped up and revealed his little secret, as it had to it eventually reached the news papers and everyone in the magical world knew Ron had a broken wand. Ginny ended up getting married to Dean Thomas who's wife died giving birth to a baby girl, Ginny was a great mother to Deans boy and girl. Dean told anyone who would listen when ever there was a party with the Weasley family, that he had the best wife any man could ask for. Ginny was truly happy having finally found the real love of her life. Ginny had been good to her word and told George to get his finger out, then after showing him the family tapistry she sent him off to ask Angelina out on a date. It was just three months later that George and Angelina got married and George laughing loudly declared to his new wife that his wedding tackle was most definitely in fist class working condition, which was the real turning point in George getting over the death of his twin, and becoming once again a joker and clown. ... ...The end of this tale but not the end of their lives. ... ...