left his mouth than Taylor felt her feet leave the ground at the same moment she felt the spell hit her shoulder. Felt her back hit the wood of a boat. Saw the flash of another spell and then all she saw was black. Son of a bitch. He'd stupefied her. Chapter 13 2047 Almost. The word still haunted her after all these years. Laying in her bed - as she had every day for longer than she cared to count - that was the word she remembered. They almost thought they were clever. She almost lived. He almost kept his rage in check. He almost said it. He almost heard it. He almost loved her. She almost forgave him. They were almost heroes. Some of them went to their graves hating. Most of them went to their graves betrayed. Not one single moment of their ends were happy. And, she thought, they were too young to appreciate the moments that came before. Too young, that was the operative word in that sentence. They were all too young. She wasn't strong enough to keep the necklace – wasn't strong enough to destroy it. She'd given it to Kreacher the day she got back. He'd spat in her general direction but when he heard it was a last gift from his master he all but stole it from her. Josh was delivered to St Mungos at 7am the next morning and she'd sat beside his bed while he stared blankly ahead at the ceiling. Taylor held his hand, told him she loved him – told him she would never let anyone hurt him again. She'd sworn up and down that hospital hall that he'd squeezed her hand. The last reaction she'd ever elicit – imagined or not. Her youth had been stolen that day. Never again was she happy. Smiled, yes, even laughed, but happiness? Her small window of experience with happiness started with a small platinum blonde girl with pigtails and ended with that girl, now absent pigtails, face down in the grass – unmoving. Almost. The last word she ever spoke as she looked through her bedroom window and saw the sunlight transform into familiar black locks. She was either hallucinating, or she was dying, and neither option seemed to bother her much. Her hand stretched out to greet the man made of sunlight, the man she had finally forgiven. It was like falling asleep. Like she had to look away for a moment, shield her eyes from the brilliance of his light. And as the darkness took her, it never consumed her, because he was there. And he'd never leave her. Not ever again. Epilogue There was nothing in the world more annoying, more frustrating than being the son of Harry Potter. Albus knew that better than anyone. He'd played up, done the wildchild thing in his youth. He was older, somewhat wiser, not much but it counted. He'd come to realise when he was young that there was a certain way children of heroes were allowed to behave. And Albus had done everything he could to not comply with that behaviour. However, he didn't snub his duties anymore like he might have in his youth, and besides, this one he didn't exactly hate. The old woman his father made him visit because he needed to help out? Check on her and the man that never stopped staring? Make sure they weren't dead? He didn't know. Old people died all the time. And the man, Josh he recalled, well he was basically three-fourths there already. The lady was nice enough, he didn't completely hate her company and she didn't seem to mind his. She'd invite him in, make some kind of remark about his father forcing him to check up on her, and then they would drink tea and talk. They did this maybe every 4 months or so. Albus liked Taylor Tonks. When you spoke to her it was like, if you closed your eyes, speaking to a twenty year old. A twenty year old that had maybe seen too much but it didn't bother him if he didn't think too hard on it. She was funny, and sometimes when he made her smile she didn't seem quite so sad. That's why, as he raised his fist to knock on the door, he didn't quite dread it being opened. It never occurred to him to dread it not opening. After 10 minutes of knocking he decided that, maybe, the old girl had finally lost her hearing. So he found the spare key, predictably kept hidden away under the welcome mat, and let himself in. The room where the old man used to stay had been vacant for over a decade. Taylor had told him that he'd passed gently and in his sleep but would speak no more of it so he never pushed her. The thought haunted him as he passed the room that she'd never changed, what if? He didn't let himself finish that thought. Well, at least, until he entered the room. "Ms. Tonks?" his voice sounded as nervous as he felt. He knew, merlin somehow he knew, exactly what he'd find when he turned that corner into her room. The old woman lay on her side, staring out the window unblinkingly. He didn't have to touch her skin to know the truth but he did anyway. He started at the contact, it wasn't like the movies, and she wasn't hard and cold. In fact, she was still warm, and her hands felt like any other time he'd taken them and placed a polite farewell kiss onto them. Not long, then. She must have only just gone. Maybe if he'd gotten here sooner. He could have helped her, at least made her more comfortable. Albus' eyes filled with tears he wouldn't shed, he hadn't cried since he was 10, as he looked down at the old lady who he was too late to help. Almost.