and you were on the verge of flunking a class? You'd agree to get up at five in the bloody morning too." "If my Mum thought I was about to flunk a class she'd have my ruddy head," Roxy counters darkly. "I don't think your parents have even heard of the word discipline." I shrug openly – it was true. My parents travelled a lot for their jobs as Naturalists, sometimes even during our holiday's home, so I suppose they didn't want to spend the time they had with their kids disciplining us. Maybe that's why Lysander grew up so horrible. I can hardly say the same for Lorcan, however, who's pretty much a model student. "Besides," Pippa says as she tip-toes over to sit on the foot of my bed. "You're not the only who's struggling in classes. My Potions have been so bad this year, it'll be a wonder if I get a decent enough grade to take the class again next year." "And you know why, right?" I ask, and Pippa shrugs innocently. "Because I suck at Potions?" I roll my eyes lazily. "Uh, no, Pip. You got an 'O' in your O.W.L for Potions last year so clearly you don't suck at it. It's because of James his bloody boot camp style Quidditch training! How can we be expected to pass our classes on no food and no sleep? It's barbaric!" Roxanne lets out a defeated sigh. "Yeah, but there's nothing we can do about it. James is as stubborn as anything when it comes to Quidditch." "If only I was Captain," I say longingly. "None of us would be falling behind in anything, and I bet we'd still take the Cup." "Fat chance. The only way you'll be made Captain is if James' abdicates the position, and specifically leaves the Captaincy to you." Roxanne states unhelpfully. "Or he spontaneously combusts." "In which case the rest of the team would have to elect you," Pippa adds. I think about this for a moment before asking smoothly. "Say he was to spontaneously combust, you'd elect me right?" Roxannes snorts. "And have you lord your power over us like my prat of a cousin does? Yeah, right." "I always thought Lysander would make a pretty nice Captain." Pippa adds dreamily and I seize my pillow, lobbing it against her head in disgust. Ha. Try thinking Lysander would make a nice Captain now, you twit. "So if my so-called best friends won't even elect me, I'll just have to think of a way to make James give it up." I say, racking my brains for any brilliant ideas. "Good luck with that," Roxanne says sourly, rolling her eyes. "James has never given up anything. Well, except when he gave the old Snitch that Uncle Harry gave him to that girl he was convinced he was in love with." Roxanne sniggers, until I bolt upright, and she freezes like a deer in headlights, hooting me a look of pure alarm. "No. No, you cannot even think about doing that." She rules, pointing a menacing finger at me. "It would never work! This isn't a Golden Snitch we're talking about here." "But what if it did work?" I raise my eyebrows eagerly, still stuck in the fantastical thought that I may have stumbled upon the perfect way to drag James Potter down from his high Hippogriff. I look to Pippa for support, and she shrugs helplessly. "I don't know. I mean, I suppose – if you can get him to look past the fact that you're his best friend's sister and all. And if you aren't whacking bludgers at him every other day." "If I can make James Potter fall in love with me," I say slowly, trying to plan the situation out in my head. "There's sure to be some way to make him give the position up. And then I'll be guaranteed Captain for next year, as well!" I glance between Roxanne and Pippa, barely able to hide my enthusiasm. They, however, stare at me as if I've lost the plot. Roxanne shakes her head doubtfully. "Okay, genius. Even if you do get James to fall in love with you – which I doubt you can, given that you're both as infuriatingly stubborn and hot-headed as each other – how exactly do you plan on making him give it up?" I frown at her. "Well, obviously I haven't figured out the details just yet, but there's bound to be a way." Roxanne scoffs at me. "You're insane, you know that?" I ignore her, utterly convinced that it's the best plan in the world. "I will make James Potter fall in love with me." I declare, tuning out the groans of negativity. I mean, how hard can it be, really? I'll just slap on some makeup, giggle like a twit and gush about how he's the best Captain in the world. And Merlin knows that he's got such an annoyingly large ego, he'll be falling at my feet, for sure. Either that or he'll be so stunned that he'll spontaneously combust, in which case I'll have to leave it to the rest of my mad team to elect me as Captain, of which there was little chance of that happening, as they'd most likely all vote for themselves instead. Crap. This means I'm actually going to have to be nice to him. What the hell am I getting myself into? A/N: Hi everyone! New story, what do you think of it? Is it worth carrying on? I have been debating for a while about posting it because I wasn't too sure. There's sooo many next-gen stories aorund, and I wanted to make one that was a little different, hence the creation of Lyra Scamander. I don't really read a lot of next-gen stories, or know much information on the characters so I hope nothing is out of place. Leave me a review and let me know what you think xx