swear that im nothing like Da, Im not the one losing her, she runs away." She froze in her tracks at the sight of his company but then smiled "Ello everyone, Im Lindsey Longbottom. Nice to meet you." She hugged Rose and Scorpius leaving them both speechless and surprised at the familiar way of greeting. Lindsey pulled away from Rose and simply stared for a bit, "You look like a Weasley…" Albus cleared his throat to remind her not to stare and everyone went on chatting happily. The train came to a stop at last and soon everyone was filing off the train on onto the waiting platform where a giant of a man was standing with a lantern raised above his head. "Firs' years! Over 'ere firs' years! Over 'ere now!" Rose gaped at the man, he stood easily twice, maybe even thrice her height and his voice was a loud boom as he shouted to the crowd around him. She could see easily that if he chose he could be quite truly terrifying. Yet even as she saw that she also saw that his eyes held a bright light and a kind face beneath his beard. Albus leaned over to her and whispered to her quietly, "That's Hagrid, he's harmless really, half giant." Rose walked timidly up to Hagrid and stood quietly, waiting to see what was to happen next. The giant turned to her and her new friends with a giant (Pun intended) grin. "Well if innit the lil Albus! Been waitin on ya." He winked playfully at him and Albus grinned back. "Hello Hagrid! Good to see you again. This is Rose and Scorpius Hagrid, my new friends." Hagrid looked abit surprised but then grinned again. "Always knew it'd be ya Albus ta en all this ya know…" Albus blushed, "Actually Hagrid, It was Rose here that did it." Hagrid turned to her and looked at her, apprasiing her. She was average height, for an eleven year old that is, and it was clear that she was first year from the way she watched the things around her with wide eyes. It was almost painful to look at her. She had long dark red hair and the deep blue eyes that seemed to have no end. On her face was a spattering of freckles and if Hagrid didn't know any better, he'd say she was a Weasely just looking. "Well looks like ya foun yerself some good friends this year Albus." The children smiled proudnly save fro rose who held up the paper. Eventually Hagrid led them to a great lake that overlooked a giant and beautiful castle that reflected gently off the water. It was beautiful. They took seats in the boats that awaited them at the edge of the water and took off to the castle. Rose had never seen anything quite so beautiful as she drew closer to the structure. When they reached the opposite bank of the lake everything turned into a whirlwind of movement and words and before she knew what was happening Scorpius was being called to the front of a grea hall she hardly even remembered entering. She watched as he sat on a stool and offered her a scared smile before the hat wasa lowered onto his head. It was perhaps thirty seconds when the hat suddenly cried out "HUFFLEPUFF" Muttering and whispering roared through the hall as people voiced their apparent amazement at such a placing. And soon there was another wave of whispers when Albus was determined a Slytherin. Though there was perhaps no more of a confused whispers when she was called last of them all without a surname for people to use for her just a simply Rose. She walked qquietly to the hat and sat timidly, and flinched when the hat spoke to her. "Eh? So you really don't have a last name… No memories of before the orphanges…. Sees more than people think… doesn't smile, peculiar… Stubborn…. Is there any house youd most prefer?" Rose hesitated, "Quite honestly sir, any house is fine you see. Ive only two friends you seeand that two more than ive ever had before so if I had to choose I suppose id pick one of the two sir." The hat took a moment and then chuckled, "GRYFINDOR!" There was a great roar from the table beneath the red banner but her eyes were on hufflepuff and slytherin as her new friends each gave encouraging thumbs ups. She sat down beside Lendsey who was the only person that she knew at the table yet and they began talking animatedely and there were introductions all around the most interesting being the other Potter boy, Albus's brother James. He held out his hand to her and when she shook it she froze as a strange slime seeped between their hands and he grinned evily, "Friends with my brother eh? Best get used to pranks." He pulled away and se loked at her hand whick was now covered in green goop. Lindsey would never forget the evil look that graced Rose's eyes that day and nor would James as she stood and with horrifying calmness and precision she rubbed her hand all over his face, leaving nealy no part of his face unslimed. James froze like a statue in shock at the cold goop on his face. He reached to wipe his eyes only for her to grab his hand and rub her still slimed hand against his affectively sliming his and the did the same to the other so that both of his hands were slimed and his face was still covered. "Yes Im Albus's new friend. You'd best get used to revenge because I good at that." And with that hse held up her little piece of paper that served as her smile and so began her days at Hogwarts. ME AGAIN I HOPE YOU LIKED IT. ITS KINDA LONG BUT I HOPE IT WAS GOOD. PLEASE REVIEW!