dark place. But we also both know that there is life beyond the darkness. We've both been through pain – but the pain is not who we are. Beneath the scars, both visible and not, beneath the names other people give us, like 'Loony' and 'The Boy Who Lived', beneath all of that – we are just another two people looking to live our own lives. Mum always said that 'the things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end' – maybe they'll be in a different form than we remember them, but they'll still be there. You're not alone, Harry Potter." That was everything I needed to hear, thought Harry as Luna parted from him and wiped her eyes with her sweater sleeve. Harry wiped the tears from his cheeks as well, and looking out the window, he saw a beautiful sunset over a tranquil lake. "It's near dark," he said. "We must be getting closer to Hogwarts." Reaching into his carry-on bag, Harry pulled out his folded Gryffindor robes; Luna, walking back over to her side of the table, had pulled out a similar set of folded Ravenclaw robes. Harry watched admiringly as she unfolded them, pulled her wand out of her hair, and slipped the robes on over her sweater, readjusting her hair after her head had popped out. Now that they were both standing, Harry could tell that she was slightly shorter than him. Putting his robes on over his clothes, he realized that his time with Luna was almost over. I always admire people who speak from the heart, she had said. Alright, Luna, let's see how you feel about this. "Er… listen, Luna…" Harry began, as she turned to him, finally smiling again, "I just want to thank you for letting me spend the day with you. I didn't know you when I walked in, but I can't think of anybody else I would have rather been with today. And… well… there's just something about you… how kind you are… how insightful you are… I really feel like I've made a true friend today. And maybe, well… I don't know exactly what this is yet, but I want to see you again. I want to spend more time with you. I feel like I have so many things left to learn about you." It was Luna's turn to blush now. "A friend?" she asked. "I'm your actual friend? Oh my goodness! Well, I… I… oh my, I feel like I have the Wrackspurts! But that can't be, because I'm wearing my earrings… I guess I'm just surprised. I mean, I felt we were connecting – I thought we had similar auras – but I didn't expect you to be my friend this quickly, if at all… Ooh! I know! I'm in Ravenclaw Tower, and you're in Gryffindor Tower!" Luna seemed to be calming down now, although Harry had personally thought her nervous yet excited demeanor had been rather adorable. She walked over to the table and caressed Hedwig again. "If… if you ever need to talk about anything that's going on," Luna said, "or you just want to see me again, please send me a message, and Hedwig will take it straight to my dorm room, and I'll send you an instant reply. I… I said you weren't alone, and I meant it. I'm here for you." "I promise to do just that," said Harry, as he began to feel a warmth in his forehead again. She left her mark there, he thought suddenly. She left her love to counteract Voldemort's hate. If Dumbledore will let me talk to him, I should definitely mention this. Hedwig had now perched on Luna's shoulder and was nuzzling her again. "You want to see me again, too, don't you, Hedwig?" Luna asked sweetly, before resuming her singsong voice: "I think your owl quite fancies me! I think your owl quite fancies me!" Harry gulped, unsure at this point whether Luna was just teasing him or was actually suggesting steering the friendship into a different direction. I don't know if that's what I want yet, he thought. I only just met you today, Luna – but if anyone was daring enough to take a plunge like that, it'd probably be you, Ms. "I-want-to-show-myself-and-others-that-I'm-not-afraid." "Er, again…" he said, "I don't know what this is yet." "Well," mused Luna, picking up her wand, slinging her bag over her shoulder and giving Hedwig one final pet on the head, "one thing I find nice about animals is how they live without pretense. On average, they figure out exactly how they feel about other animals much faster than it takes people to figure out exactly how they feel about other people. It'd be nice if people were different, but… well, we're also a bit more complex than animals, so we just need more time with each other, that's all. So if you like what you see in me, Mr. Potter, stick around awhile – and if you really like what you see… stick around even longer." Luna's voice had dropped to its most flirtatious tone yet, before rising back up: "You'll find what you're looking for in the end." Luna walked away, but then paused at the door as if one final thing had crossed her mind. "You know," she told Harry, turning to face him, "I told you I ride alone because I don't have many friends, but this year… I think I was alone because I was waiting for you to find me." And with that, she unlocked the door, opened it, and walked out. This is going to be a good year after all, Harry thought as he stood alone in the compartment. Luna Lovegood, I don't know what role you're going to play in my life, but you're going to be very important. Somehow I just know that. I'll never forget this day for as long as I live. And he never did.