before he sat down carefully, still confused by his own eyes, which seemed to like staring at his nemesis. "Drakie-poo! What are you doing with her ?" came Pansy's familiar shriek, as Potter unsuccessfully tried to hide her sniggers. Pansy was like the annoying weed that kept popping up in your garden of Mandrakes. Only that her shriek was worse than that of a Mandrake's. "Why, Pansy dear. I'm pairing up with Potter. She was feeling sad that the Blood Traitor and the Mudblood both dumped her for each other." Potter's nose flared once again in anger, and her right hand twitched towards her wand, and all of a sudden, Draco's headache didn't feel that bad. Obviously goading Potter was a stress-reliever. "How dare you try to steal my Draco, Potthead!" screeched Pansy, her attention completely on Potter. "I don't remember giving you permission to call me that, Pugface. Only my Draco can call me that." Now it was his turn to cover his sniggers, for Pansy looked furious at this. She took out her wand in her anger, just as Potter lazily flicked her wand. "Miss Parkinson! If you do not have a pair, please do pair up with Mr Longbottom. Stop bothering other students who are working sincerely," called out the Professor. As Pansy stalked away, he looked up and down at Potter, appreciating the curve of her hips that he detected through the robes. "What spell was that, Potter?" He didn't feel like asking her about the ' my Draco' comment. Yet. "Wait till tomorrow, Drakie-poo," she replied, batting her eyelashes in an outrageous manner. Draco couldn't help the laugh that escaped him. "I should give you detention for calling me that," he replied jovially, as Potter took out an Erasable Quill and a piece of crumpled parchment. He grimaced at her terrible stationery and thrust the Bowtruckle into her hands. He opened his bag and took out a piece of uncreased parchment for her to use. "You should cancel my detentions, because I saved you from Pansy dearest." As an afterthought, she added, "You owe me one." Draco ignored her, and took out the tiny vial of potion he had stashed in his bag. He drunk its contents, as Potter watched him, a slightly curious expression on her face. "What's that?" "Headache reliever." "Can I buy a vial from you?" "What do you take me for, a common vendor?" "Give me one and I'll help you avoid Parkinson in the future." "How many times will you help me?" "Thrice." "Fine." He took out another vial from his bag, and kept it on the ground. She handed over the restless Bowtruckle to him, and uncorked the vial. She sniffed it suspiciously before looking at him with those too green eyes. "I'm taking a leap of faith here. And you still owe me one. And if this turns out to be harmful, I'll have the Twins change your hair colour," she rambled off in a hurry, obviously feeling nervous. He found it hard to believe that this slip of a girl had gone up against the Dark Lord only a few months back. "Just shut up and drink it, Potter." She stuck her tongue out at him, before gulping down the potion. For a moment, she sat still, before grinning at him broadly. "My headache's gone!" "What else would you expect of a headache reliever, Potthead?" he asked, smirking. "If you didn't have a Bowtruckle in your arms right now, I'd hug you, Foie Gras" she remarked sarcastically. "Start drawing, Potter," replied Draco, rolling his eyes. It was a surprise this girl ever managed to get any work done. OoOoO Twenty minutes later, when Harry was done with the drawing, Malfoy handed the Bowtruckle back to her and took out another piece of parchment. Then, with a quickly whispered Copius charm, he copied Harry's drawing onto his parchment. "Hey! That's cheating, Malfoy." "There's no rule against what I'm doing." "I can't expect anything better of Slytherins, I suppose," muttered Harriet, feeling like a fraud on the inside. After all, the Hat had wanted to place her in Slytherin... "Malfoy?" she asked, having worked up the nerve to finally talk about the impending detentions. "Yes, Potter?" "I can't do detention with you tonight." "Why ever not?" "I have detention with Umbridge for the rest of the week, starting today," replied Harry glumly. "Then do your detention with me on Saturday, Potthead." Harriet stared at him, her mouth slightly open. "No freaking way. Cancel the detention." "What do I get in return?" he asked, in a mocking tone. "I'll teach you the jinx I used on Parkinson." But before he could respond, Harriet yelled out in pain. The idiotic Bowtruckle had bitten her finger. As the blood started pouring out, the Bowtruckle made a dash for freedom towards the Forbidden Forest, only to be calmly plucked from the ground by Malfoy. "No deal, Potter," replied Malfoy, smirking at her, before getting up gracefully, despite holding a wriggling Bowtruckle. As he walked away towards the Professor, chuckling at her obvious misfortune, Harriet Potter could only think of two words. Bloody git. OoOoO AN: I'm not a fan of long ANs, so I'll keep it short. :* Things have mostly been canonical so far. The minor events from the fifth book will occur as they do, though I won't rehash things too much. And any dialogue you recognise is from the book, obviously. ^_^ I personally don't think the quality of this chapter is reflective of my potential as a writer. o_O As I said earlier, I started working on this a very long time back. I've improved a lot since then, if I do say so myself. Also, this story is going to be long - a sort of challenge to myself to see if I'm really the commitment-phobe I say I am. :) It'll cover Fifth and Sixth Years, and the war, all in great detail. Reviews are love! :*