from under the bed? Get lost!" he lashed out with his magic – no wandless spells, just pure power, hitting the snake-faced monster in the chest with enough force that he flew to the closed door hitting it with his back, the door opening from the impact. The Lord growled and in a truly snake-like motion came on him, pinning him to the mattress with his disgusting naked body. "You will submit to me, like everyone else before you," came furious hiss. Then the Lord switched to Parseltongue, for intimidation, or out of sheer paranoia maybe, "you are me, boy, you are the Lord Voldemort of sixteen years old, young and still naive, though in no way pure any more, as I remember. I will devour your body and your soul and I will be even stronger in power and even more invincible." He shuddered at the realization. His guess was correct. This person – this monster – was really him. In several years – or decades even – he will become this snake-like parody of a person, throwing hissy fits of hysteria laced with rounds of Cruciatus at his followers for every tiny mistake they make. He didn't want that. He was no stranger to Dark Magic, he knew that some rituals changed the caster in such a way, that after a while it could lead to insanity. The gruesome sight of his future self didn't bother him, he didn't care about his looks too much, and sometimes sacrifices should be made. But this grotesque villain was not who he aspired to be. He flinched when by the flick of the Lord's wrist his clothes vanished into nothingness. Meeting the gaze of the crazy crimson eyes he gasped again, seeing them burning with intense lust. "But before I take in your magic I need to punish you for everything you've done this past week, making my people running around the Manor in fruitless pursuit, breaking my valuable assets, striking fear in them – Only me! It's exclusively mine prerogative! Make them cower in fear, forget their names! You had no right!" He snorted derisively. "Listen to yourself! You sound like five-year-old!" Still snickering he tried to throw the Lord off himself. "You are heavy. Can you, maybe, proceed with punishment already? I have no wish to listen to your whining. And get dress, will you! I am not averse to ugliness, but your sight is beyond gruesome, especially below ." He trailed his eyes south. Again there was this hysterical shrieking. "Y-you – You, little bastard! How dare you?!" His head was going to explode from all this shouting, for sure! "Too loud." This time he got only angry wordless hiss in response to his provocation. Although, what happened next could very well be his true punishment: without any preamble Lord got his ugly, but nonetheless gigantic member into his arse. He gave out small cry of pain, immediately swallowed by another man's lipless mouth in the attempt at kissing him, the forked tongue breaking inside. He bit this tongue with all his might, not minding the copper taste filling him, blood trickling down his chin. He writhed underneath the heavier body of another, tried to get him in the crotch with his half-bent knee, chains rattling loudly from his violent resistance. Still his future-self continued to pound into him with forceful thrusts, hands clawing at his hips leaving blood marks and bruises, he continued his attempts at kissing, or more like biting him, not only on the lips, but everywhere he managed to reach – his neck, chest, nipples, stomach. He fought like a wild cat, not minding the various pains, for a some time, before seemingly giving in. But not for long. When the thrusts of the older man became more frantic indicating the approaching end, he suddenly lashed out with his magic, with every ounce of power he got in him. The man atop of him cried out in surprise and pain when his body caught fire. He pulled out immediately, flailing his hands while trying to put the fire out, before remembering about magic and grabbing his wand. He created a small waterfall in his attempts. What scared Voldemort, though, was the quiet snickering from the boy on the bed. After everything that had just transpired, the bastard had the audacity to laugh at him! "Crucio!" the harshly issued spell hit him in the chest, making him squirm in pain, but the laugh never stopped. After three minutes of this maddening laugh and only occasional gasp of pain between the offending sounds he was forced to lift the curse, else the boy would go completely mad from torture. The laugh continued. Enraged he again roared: "Crucio!" The laugh was heard for full five minutes before the boy finally gave under torture and fell unconscious. Only then the Dark Lord strode to the shower to wash away the remnants of the failed coition and the following fire. After quick shower he dressed in his usual black robe with hood and left the room, locking the door tightly behind him. Harry tumbled out of bed sobbing uncontrollably and rushed to the bathroom. He hardly managed to get there before throwing up violently. The scene of Voldemort raping his younger self still playing out in his mind, he continued vomiting for some time, until his stomach was aching and empty of everything he'd eaten that day. The headache grew tenfold, the pain almost blinding him. Still crying and shaking, Harry got back to his bed, but he was afraid to close his eyes. He stayed awake almost till morning, when his exhaustion got better of him and he fell asleep – this time without any dreams or visions. A/N: I'd apologize in advance, but the attempt to confuse who is who and who is where is deliberate. I hope the effect I was aiming for is successfully achieved. I had almost confused myself there at some point XD