guest, you don't need to make your own lunch. Just bring the plates to the kitchen when you're done." He let out a big sigh of relief, which got him a laugh from Mrs. Granger, and an odd look from Hermione. "Would you really get in trouble for that at home?" she asked, after her mother had left the room. "Yeah. Well, not for forgetting to make myself something - I'd just have to skip lunch. But if I was supposed to cook for others and I forgot, I'd be in trouble for sure." "Your family is weird." "Yeah, I guess so. Your family's great! Want to swap?" he asked cheekily. Hermione laughed. Harry was sorry he had to leave that evening – it would have been nice to stay longer. "I'll see you at Neville's at the end of the holiday! Don't forget about our H.E.L.P. Society meeting!" she yelled, waving goodbye enthusiastically as her father pulled out of the driveway. "I won't forget! See you then!" he called, waving goodbye though the open car window. -000- Hermione wasn't the only friend he kept in contact with over summer. Neville sent an occasional owl, which he was invited to borrow to send his own correspondence with, if he wanted. Draco sent some notes on basic Occulumency exercises, all about what Muggles would call meditation, and what Draco called "calming the mind and getting in touch with your magical nature". He also sent a Daily Prophet clipping of his mother and Harry with the Minister at the St. Mungo's benefit, featured in the society column. Daphne and Pansy chattered about their holidays. Tracey didn't seem especially interested in corresponding for whatever reason, so he only heard from her very rarely. And Harry wrote back to them all, as well as to his many assorted other correspondents on an increasingly large list. He'd had to switch to writing letters on notepaper, having run out of parchment – he hoped the traditionalists wouldn't mind. At least the accusatory letters accusing him of being the Heir of Slytherin and petrifying people had finally ceased. He still had a few people sure he was the Heir, but those still writing to him about that were approving of that rumoured status. Millicent said her father didn't approve of her writing to young men. So when Harry decided that out of all his friends (not counting the erstwhile Ronald Weasley) that Millicent would probably be the most likely to be interested in his extra tickets to an Appleby Arrows Quidditch match, he wrote to her father to invite her and a parent or chaperone to accompany him, and that Millicent was invited purely a a friend of course. He didn't want a repeat of that embarrassing business with the Farley family. Millicent, being a big Quidditch fan, was thrilled to be invited, and brought along her father and Daphne (who wasn't a big Quidditch fan, but apparently who would "never forgive me" if she wasn't invited, according to Millicent). The team's manager, Jacob Williams, was thrilled to finally see Harry at one of the Appleby's matches (especially given they won!), wearing his pale blue Appleby scarf with the whizzing silver arrows, and sitting in their supporter's section (to a happy round of handshakes and bows from fans all around him, which Harry endured with increasingly practised ease). Jacob gave them all a tour of the small stadium after the game finished, and they got to shake the player's hands. Millicent was thrilled , and babbled happily about how she wanted to be a Beater, and got a signed poster of her own to keep, as well as a lightly damaged Beater's bat autographed by the team's two Beaters. "We go through so many of those in a season, you wouldn't believe it! The Bludgers are even tougher than those you have at Hogwarts matches, and there's stricter controls on what kind of enchantments you can put on the bat," explained one of the Beaters. "They say I have got a good build for a Beater," the blocky girl later said proudly to her father. Compliments on her plump figure were pretty rare, in her experience. "They said if you're a thin wisp of a thing you can be knocked right off your broom. I'm going to exercise to build up my arms – you have to be strong to be a Beater." Daphne hovered, interested but not fascinated, while Harry chatted to the team's Seeker about whether there were similar changes to professional grade Snitches, and what kind of a time commitment it took to be a professional Quidditch player (surprisingly to him, it was pretty much a full-time job). After an exchange of farewells, including to the very stern-looking and watchful Mr. Bulstrode, Harry headed home on the Knight Bus. A/N: We read at the start of PoA that Harry has been on holidays for 5 weeks before his 13th birthday on the last day of July, therefore, the summer holiday starts roughly at the beginning of the last week of June. (June 21st is the solstice in 1993.) With thanks to LokiFirefox for the inspiration for Narcissa's manipulation of the Minister. Thanks to Narcissa's hints/threats, the Minister has narrowly escaped being featured in an article in the Prophet titled, "Orphaned Boy Hero Made Homeless by Dumbledore and Ministry!" Thanks again to my Britpicker, Jennybeth98, for all her help! BTW, scene breaks were previously written with a row of asterixes, but I realised that fanfiction dot net has been automatically editing them out. :P So now they'll appear with -000- as a scene change marker. I may go back and edit the older stories in this series accordingly, when I get some free time. If there's some errors (e.g. typos, punctuation) in the earlier stories that bugged you, now would be a great time to send a polite message letting me know about stuff that needs fixing (since I'll already be editing all the chapters).