to tonight, and I suppose that's where my story ends. Tomorrow I'll arrive in France, and I can be who I want to be, love who I want to love, and finally live to please myself – not my parents, nor any backstabbing classmates – just me." She yawned and stretched herself out on the sofa. With a call of "Accio blanket!" Harry brought in a blue-green blanket from the hall linen closet, unfolded it, and laid it over Daphne. "I think you're a good person, Daphne," he said, "and I think you're going to fit in just fine at Beauxbatons. If you want my opinion, I think you represent not only the very best of Slytherin but the very best of Hogwarts. You remind me of something Dumbledore told me almost a decade ago now: he said that 'it is our choices that show what we truly are.' You chose to make yourself a better person than those around you; you chose not to become something you hated, even when you were surrounded by it. You may say you were the serpent, Daphne, but… I think you were the flower all along. Goodnight, and good luck tomorrow." Harry had turned off the lights in the cottage and was headed to bed when he heard Daphne call: "Harry?" He turned in the hall. "Yes?" "Goodnight – and… and thank you for calling me a flower." When Harry woke up the next morning, he wandered into the dining room, where he again saw Luna's and Rolf's letters and his letter-in-progress to Rolf on the table. Oh, that's right, he thought, I was working on those last night before Daphne showed up. Daphne… I wonder if she already… A glance at the back door confirmed that her broom was gone. Walking to the sitting room, he saw that she was gone from the sofa as well, with the blanket folded up where she had sat last night. And then, sitting on the table next to Neville the Poinsettia, he saw a green crystal vase full of lilies and sunflowers, with a letter tucked inside of it. Feeling both touched and startled, he picked up the letter, which was written in an elegant hand, and read: Dear Harry, My leg is all better now. Sorry I didn't say goodbye, but I had a long day's journey ahead, so I left very early this morning. Just before I left, I conjured this vase of flowers as an expression of my gratitude – and as I now believe we are even, I am extremely happy to call you my friend. Some of your Gryffindor friends may scoff, or even be angry with you, for being my friend – but it's like you said: "at some point, we have to set aside old rivalries and move on with our lives." Everything you did for me and said to me last night was so unexpected, and I will always deeply treasure this friendship – more, I think, than words (or at least MY words) can adequately express. I did not intend to be a guest in your house, but I insist on returning the favor at a future date and having you and Luna stay with me in France. This summer, perhaps? You are both also welcome to visit me at Beauxbatons whenever you wish. I shall think fondly of you every day, and I send both of you my love, my respect, and all my best wishes. Most Cordially Yours, Daphne PS. I found your cottage so delightful, I believe I shall acquire one of my own – perhaps on the other side of the Channel so that we are only a short flight away from each other? Wiping a tear from his eye, Harry brought the vase of flowers back into the dining room with him. He had another letter to write. Afterword: "Aha!" you're thinking, "Plot twist! You made Daphne a lesbian!" Indeed I did. I've found that, in many cases, the best LGBT+ characters are the ones you didn't realize were LGBT+ when you started writing them: their sexual orientation just emerged organically, rather than being the single defining trait around which everything else was written. As I crafted Daphne's backstory, this just seemed to fit with everything else I'd come up with about her, so I went with it – and I liked it. Since all the characters in HP thus far confirmed to be LGBT+ are men (Dumbledore = gay, Grindelwald = gay, Charlie Weasley = most likely asexual), I decided: "Yeah, it would be a nice balance to add a lady-loving lady to the cast as well! Why not?" As I had no evidence of her having a husband or kids in canon when I wrote this (and is there is still no evidence of such), I felt I could depict her this way and it would be realistic. If Rowling ever provides more information about Daphne on Pottermore that states otherwise, all I can say is: I wrote based on what I knew at the time. Thank you for reading, and I hope I did this mostly unknown character some justice, didn't turn her into a stereotypical Ice Queen™ (despite what Pansy and Millicent called her), and didn't stray too far from the realms of possibility. (Also, one final footnote for those of you out there who are real sticklers for detail. Some of you are possibly wondering, "Where's Kreacher?" I considered fitting him in here, but he just didn't seem to work anywhere I tried. So, if you like, make up your own theory about where he is. Maybe Harry set him free, or sent him to Hogwarts to work full-time, or maybe he's on the expedition with Luna, or whatever else you like. Giving lots of detail in your stories is nice – but it's also nice to give people some room to imagine, so I'm turning this particular little detail over to you , dear reader.)