my dance, and just like always when I danced, I forgot everything around me. When Severus Snape came to me after the show to ask me if I would be interested to join him in his new project, I almost fainted. After that everything went really quick; Snapes invitation to the casting in London, the information about this project and in the end the promise and the talk with my English parents. Convincing Jean had be the hardest part, in the end it was Richard that allowed me to go. "Sooner or later she will go anyway, Jean, with or without us. Maybe it will be better this way." My mouth suddenly went very dry. I looked down the aisle hoping that the stewardess would soon come by. "I play classical theatre, Fairy told me. Next to school of course. I'm in my first years of A-Levels, how about you?" She didn't wait for me to answer. "Anyway, my teacher knows Snape, she had once been his apprentice. Apparently he can get really angry, I'm curious whether we will even see him on the island. Well." Fairy ran a hand through her purple curls, causing her bracelets to tinkle. "She helped me get the invitation to the casting in London and tataa three weeks later I got the jackpot. Did you have to tell him your island name as well? He smiled at mine and nodded at the three things I wanted to bring with me. They are in my backpack, I should probably check if it's still at my seat. Men, it was hard to decide on what to bring. Sunscreen and toothbrushes will be there, won't they? And did the stylist take your measurements as well?" Fairy shuddered. "I hope they don't put any jeans in my closet. Nothing in the world will get my legs in pants, I'm telling you. I am so excited I feel like I'm going to burst! " I signed. That much was obvious. It wasn't even different for me. It just showed itself different with me or better said: not at all. The more nervous I am on the inside, the calmer I get on the outside. Apparently I had always been like that. Jean had said something like that once. She said: "You were as calm and still as a doll, when we ..." I pressed my lips together. No, I shouldn't be thinking about that right now, not now, not here. The Stewardess came. Fairy got tomato-juice with salt and pepper, I got tab water. Fairy drank her juice in one last gulp and used the back of her hand to wipe away the read beard above her black lips. "Come on, let's see if we can find more people of the crew. The Blonde one over there, she could be one of us, don't you think? Fairy pointed her finger towards a girl in the row in front of ours, whose light curls fell down to the armrests. When Fairy whistled, the girl turned around. A real life Barbie doll was the first thing that popped in my mind. For the first second the girl seemed surprised, then she scanned Fairy with her eyes, top to bottom and then up again, her lips forming an arrogant smile, before turning back. "What is wrong with her?" Fairy mumbled, turning around in her seat to look at the rows behind us. "Look, the guy over there. I bet he's going on the island as well." Reluctantly I turned my head. And that's when I saw him for the first time. He sat three rows behind us. He had dark, shoulder-length hair and his face was turned down towards a magazine. Suddenly, as if he noticed us staring, the boy raised his head. I am consciously saying boy , even though he was older than me. He had a slim face with big grey eyes. But he wasn't looking at Fairy, he was looking at me. Then he smiled. His smile transformed his whole face. It was warmer and more open than any other English smile I had ever seen and maybe that's the reason I instantly felt drawn to him. Although no. I think the thing that instantly intrigued me was something else. There was something in his smile, something that I knew all to well. Loneliness. I did something that I'd never done before: I smiled back. He then turned his face back towards the magazine. "You see?" Fairy said triumphantly. "I bet he's already number four." She giggled. "I think he liked you. At least he didn't look as arrogant as the blond bitch. Weird ..." Fairy turned back towards the guy. "He kinda looks familiar. Come, let's ask him if he is in the project." Fairy was pulling on my shirtsleeve, but I shook my head. "Better not. I need a little quiet. I didn't really sleep last night." "Oh ..." the corners of Fairies mouth turned down. "But safe the seat for me, alright?" and she was already on the way to the boy. I closed my eyes. The plane has reached flight height and the pilot gave us the first information on the flight. We would land in Sao Paulo and then on the next morning at six am we would finally arrive in Rio de Janeiro. A heat rose inside of me. A uncomfortable, tickling heat that I almost couldn't stand. I reached down for my backpack that was resting between my feet and opened it. A white candle. A lighter. The picture of Esperanca. Those were the three things I would take to the island. A/N: Wow, that was a lot more work than I expected ... I fell like I have a whole new appreciation for fanfiction authors. So yeah, please let me know what you think and if you would like me to continue this translation. And also if you would like to try being my beta :) Best wishes, Brightest Star