arrest. Do I need to call over one of the aurors?" Ron's face reddened nearly to match his hair in a mixture of insulted anger and perhaps slight embarrassment before he slurred out his reply, "Call the aurors on her! S' threw her drink in my face!" At this Lucius's eyes flickered to her own face, slightly reddened in embarrassment as well, and he raised his eyebrows. For a moment she thought she saw thinly-veiled amusement beneath the questioning glance, but all she could bring herself to do was look at the floor and shrug. "Then perhaps you should go home and change your shirt, ." Lucius said, "And gather up some intellect along the way, if you're at all capable of it. With how I just saw you treat her, I can imagine why , or any woman, would do such a thing." There was something rather dark in his voice as he drawled out the quip about Ron's lack of intelligence, and normally Hermione would've defended him, breakup or not. But she could only continue to stare at the floor as Ron's sweaty hand released her arm and left her with goosebumps. She heard him stomp away, muttering, and waited until she could pick out his footsteps to look up. She could hardly look Lucius in the face as she bleakly thanked him and made a final attempt to get passed him. Yet another hand fell on her arm, but this one wasn't sweaty with anger and it didn't yank her backwards. It was a simple gesture to stop accompanied by an oddly uncharacteristic, "Wait!" From Lucius. She remembered, as she'd turned to look at him, the lump in her throat and the hysterics that she somehow managed to keep beneath the surface. Perhaps a glimpse of them had shown through in that moment when their eyes met, though, for his own gaze softened and for a second he was unrecognizable to the man she'd fought in the department of mysteries or the shadow of him that wildly ran searching for his son in the final battle. But maybe it was just the alcohol corrupting everything again, both in what she saw in him and in what he displayed, for it was then that she noticed the glass in his hand, half empty. There had been an odd moment of silence between them before he spoke, "I do believe you owe me for saving you from the red-headed, walking disaster of an ex." He said, but there was something akin to mirth in his voice, or at least that's what she thought she heard. "Won't you sit with me for this last drink?" He asked, "I'd quite like to know what it was like to have the honor of throwing your drink in a Weasley's face." All she'd wanted in that moment was to run, to dash out the door to the apparition point outside, but she didn't. In her mind he was right, she did owe him for chasing Ron away, and so she agreed. She followed him to his table where they sat alone and she began her story, in the end not only telling him of Ron's comments but of Christmas at Grimmauld Place, the breakup last November, the mistletoe argument. He was a strangely good listener, with his light interjections of sarcasm, the occasional laugh or question for clarification. One last drink turned into three more for both of them and before long the tables had turned and she remembered how the conversation had drifted to his ex wife and Draco. Narcissa had divorced him after everything, it turned out, and he'd been under house arrest until last May, one year after the war. "One year in my own house felt very similar to one year in Azkaban," He'd said, "The manor had been nothing more than a shell for so long already. The Dark… Voldemort," She remembered the way he shuddered at the name, nearly wincing as it escaped his lips, and the pause that came after, as if by instinct he were waiting for the consequences for saying that monster's name. When they never came, he continued, "Had ventured through every inch of our house, had invaded it entirely, roamed the very halls that I was forced to then wander for months with no taste of fresh air or unrestricted sun on my skin. Never have I so badly felt the calling of the outdoors since I was a child. My house was a giant Azkaban cell and my wife was the dementor sent to suck the happiness from me, what little remained anyway…" He'd stopped there, swallowing, eyes closed for a moment and he took another swig from the glass, as if to remove the bitter taste in his mouth that those words and memories had left. Then he'd stared at the table for a good minute before asking her to dance, and this time she accepted the offer to do so. Dance they did, for what might have been minutes but felt like hours, for what very well could have been hours, but everything melted together and she was lulled by his odd grace- even when drunk- and the silk of his robes, the way his unbound hair tickled her cheek when he rested her head on his shoulder, the smell of alcohol on his breath mixing with cologne and her perfume. People had surely stared, she realised now, but she hadn't noticed their eyes at all last night. Through her over-emotional drunkenness and alcohol and nostalgia-spurred need to end the loneliness that plagued her, there were even blurred glimpses of her friends. Luna and Neville dancing together, oblivious to anything but each other. Harry and Ginny watching her and whispering to each other in uncertainty. What she didn't remember was asking Lucius back to her apartment but it had obviously happened because here they both were, the morning after. Now he himself was all she had left to face.