his own. It was him. The door I had dreamt of brought death with it. His death. And his death brought others. "Rumor." I snapped my eyes to Albus, who stood beside me giving me a look. "Perhaps we should find you some gloves. It slipped my mind when I brought your clothes." "Y-yes, of course. I do apologize." "Are you alright, dear?" A plump, redheaded woman asked. I forced a smile. "Yes, ma'am. Just nerves." Severus didn't except this, giving me a calculating look. Albus gently pushed my chair in and sat down in his own. Everyone was still staring, most especially Sirius who was afraid I had hurt myself or something. "You must be starving," Mrs. Weasley said suddenly. "How about I make you some sausage and eggs?" "No," I said. "Please, no, thank you, Mrs. Weasley. I can't eat meat." She wrung her hands just slightly, everyone still staring at our exchange. She felt like she needed to keep busy, to keep her mind off of the upcoming war and the fact that she knew she wouldn't be able to keep her family from fighting it. "But, some toast sounds perfect." She immediately relaxed at the task and set to it. Only Ronald, the youngest boy, ate. Everyone else still stared, trying to pretend they weren't. "Children," Albus addressed. "This is a friend of mine, Rumor Blackstone. She will be staying here at Grimmauld Place." He then addressed Mrs. Weasley without turning around. "I wonder, Molly, would you happen to know where a pair of gloves might be." "Ginny found some earlier, I believe. Ginny, dear?" The only Weasley girl stood and went off to fetch them as Mrs. Weasley set a plate down in front of me. I was careful not to touch her, or anyone else. When I was home, I rarely had to worry about such things, the glimpses of someone that I get upon contact. I didn't get them so much with most Muggles. Not like magicals. I got feelings from them, occasionally little more, but not like with those from Albus' world. I hadn't expected to see Sirius' death, the scene of the Veil laid out before my mind. Nor did I look forward to ever having to see it again. "Here you are," Ginevra's soft voice said to my right. Ginny, she preferred Ginny. "I found them in one of the rooms on the second floor. They were long opera gloves, having belonged to Sirius' mother, and a cold feeling came with them as I slid them over my hands. Now I could relax. With Albus, it had never been such a big deal, but he was the only magical I had ever met until Lucius. "What happened to you?" One of the twins asked. Fred, I believe. "What happened," Albus said, "happened. I would prefer, and I'm sure Rumor would agree, that we leave it at that. It is clear that this is the only safe place for her at this time. When is-" "Today at noon," I answered before he finished his question, asking when Hermione Granger was set to arrive. It was habit. I did it to Albus all the time and he pretended he didn't find it irritating. Which made me do it more. He often, in all of his power, forgot his own mortality. For some reason, predicting his questions and answering them, reminded him of it. "How do you do that?" Mrs. Weasley asked. I was never sure how to answer this question, as nothing I ever came up with seemed to peg it, so I gave her Albus' simple explanation- passing Remus the black currant jam before he could ask. No one commented on what I said, though they would have if Albus' look hadn't silenced them. Severus was still watching me and his eyes widened slightly when I looked back at him. Then, I suppose he decided to stop meeting my eye. "I must get back to Hogwarts," Albus said, more to me. Then to the others, "I hope you will remember to tell Miss Granger what I discussed with you." Yes, leaving Harry out of the information of things. I frowned. They weren't to tell him anything, but that was asking for trouble. Albus did things like this, and I never understood why. "Albus," I said quietly, so that only Severus, he, Sirius, Remus and I would hear. Remus only because of his condition. "That isn't right." "I'm trying to protect him," Albus said in a voice no one else would have argued with. "He will understand." "No, he won't. He's having dreams, same as I. He needs them and you this year, Albus. I told you this earlier." "It's not for discussion, Rumor." He looked at me and I looked back. "You are my friend, Albus. You are not my leader. What you are trying to do helps no one. Not even you. He's coming here, so not telling him will only leave him in the dark temporarily and give him reason to anger when he discovers. You know I'm right." "Tom is watching the post." "You know as well as I, that there are spells for that sort of thing. And it isn't as though they can tell him of the Order's secrets their mother is working so hard to keep them out of. It might put him at ease knowing there is a counter to the Death Eaters." Albus cleared his throat. "Very well," he said louder, addressing the children. "You may speak freely to him, but do not send an owl without letting someone spell it first." He stood from his seat, and left. Once again, leaving everyone to stare at me and pretend that they weren't. A/N: New story, and I have a few new ones coming too. I know, I know, and I'll try to keep up with my other ones as well. Reviews make me update faster! Hope you all like this one. Dasvidanya, Juliet