in, and she was then led to what appeared to be a small office where she was left to wait. Hermione had no idea how long she had been waiting in the small office, it seemed as though time did not actually exist here and yet she could remember the wait, she was just pondering on the oddness of it when the door opened and a bearded man entered. Looking at his notes the man nodded to her as he rummaged around on the desk, "Now where did I put those rules?" he asked himself as he moved files that she had never even noticed being there, "ah here we are." Sitting in a chair that appeared the man looked up from the desk at Hermione "Well sit, sit," he said as a chair appeared in front of her. Hermione did what she was told as the man lifted yet another file from the desk and started to read, she was beginning to wonder how long she would be here before she heard about the offer that the ' One' had mentioned, she had no idea what it might be that was required of her, but she was willing to do anything she could if it helped Harry and her children, it was as she had these thoughts that all the love that had been taken from her came back to her, rushing through her and filling all the vast emptiness she had felt. "Hermione Jane Granger, is that correct she heard a voice saying, she looked up to see the man was waiting for an answer. "You are Hermione Jane Granger?" Hermione swallowed hard and nodded "Yes sir, I am." "Ah good, now then it has been a while since I had to do this, almost a thousand years I think," the man said as he turned a page in the file he was holding, he then held out a piece of paper to Hermione "please read these rules." Hermione stared at the paper for a while before speaking "Excuse me sir but this appears to be blank." "Please not sir, no sirree, not sir. 'Peter', that's the name, some times called Simon or the rock, did you say it was blank, hmm well that is odd, very odd, would you mind just waiting?" the man said getting up and leaving the room. Hermione sat and enjoyed the feeling of love that seemed to fill every inch of her being, once again she did not know how long she waited before the man returned, sitting once more behind the desk he lifted a file and began to read. "Hermione Jane Granger, would you sacrifice the love you now feel, would you sacrifice your place here in heaven if you were guaranteed the happiness of Harry Potter and the souls that should have been your family, would you give all that up, and spend eternity in the other place, the place of fire and pain, emptiness and desolation, would you give it all up, never to feel the warmth of love again," Peter asked reading from the file. Hermione thought of the four little souls who had never had any life, she thought of their sadness and she thought of Harry who had gone through his life without real love, she thought about the love she had for him and had kept buried, she looked around her and felt the beauty of heaven, taking a deep breath she nodded her head. "If that is what it takes," she said quietly. Peter nodded his head and rose again, leaving Hermione once more as he left the room, this time Hermione concentrated on the feeling of the love she was filled with and she tried hard to memorise how it felt, hopefully she would take her memories with her, they may be all that was left for her where she was going to end up. When Peter returned he was smiling, he handed Hermione the same piece of paper he had given her before "Now Hermione I want you to read these rules," he said as he sat down again. This time the paper was not blank and she began to read, ' Hermione Jane Granger, you will be rewarded for your selfless love, you will not be sent to the other place, instead you will be sent back to a time of the makers choosing, once there you will be given the chance to relive your life in the way it was meant to be, this chance at living your life again will also give others who should not have died the chance to live out their lives, no one must ever know, you must never try to reveal what you have seen, if you agree to this place your signature on the bottom of this paper .' Hermione felt a great wave of relief as she finished reading, she was more than willing to put things right, and if in doing so she could bring happiness back into peoples lives then she would not mind facing any future she herself had. She was about to ask Peter for a quill when a golden pen appeared in her hand, having signed the paper she handed it to the man sitting quietly at the desk. "So Hermione you agree to the terms, good, are there any questions you have before you leave?" Peter said as he folded the paper and placed it in the file. "Will I retain my memories?" she asked "Those that are returned do not usually keep their memories, it has happened but only a very few times," Peter replied as he closed her file. As the file closed Hermione glimpsed the final entry on her Parchment and she smiled as she read ' Success ' stamped on it, she was about to ask Peter how she could put things right if she had no memory of the mistakes she had made, when the room began to spin. --------