It wasn't like he was a monster. What kind of monster saved eleven year olds and rebelled for good causes? She is walking through the Common Room to her dormitory, and suddenly a chill runs through the hall. She closes the only open window, and the memory the way he looked right before he said he loved her flashed like her brief reflection. She looks again at the window, and his face doesn't go away. He is here, right behind her. She turns around slowly, focusing on the stairs behind him. He isn't able to get past the door at the top. She just needs to keep it civil until then. "Hi," she says, trying to keep her voice even. She thinks she might have squeaked. Her hands pull themselves out of her pockets as if she is ready for a fight. "Hey, Lav," he says, not unkindly. "I haven't seen you in a while." He takes a small step towards her and says, "I missed you." He contemplates taking one more, but ultimately decides against it. She nods, feeling numb. "I… missed you, too." She pushes a wave of hair out of her eyes and stares at him, taking in his angular jaw and brown eyes. His Patronus is a squirrel. His favorite color is green. His favorite subject is Potions, but as a child he liked Maths and frequently stayed in from recess in his Muggle elementary school to work on extra problems. His father was a muggle, and he worked in the stock market— "No," she corrects herself. "Get away from me." She forgot how fast he moved. Within seconds, he is holding an arm around her waist so tightly she swears she can hear a rib crack. Her eyes shut for only an instant, and when she opens them back up, the corridor is spinning. She groans audibly, and then realizes what has happened. Michael's wand is pointed at her, and her response is to reach for it, to break it, is so instantaneous that she doesn't realize it is happening. Her body is flying in slow motion. He's hexed her, and even though she's fighting, she is in slow motion. And then her vocal chords summon up a yell, a sort of sound she can't explain, but it sounds like her soul leaving her body. When she looks up next, he is on the top stair. She could run after him, and the barrier wouldn't let him in to the dorm. Or they could take this back into the Common Room, in view of all of their peers. There is no good way to do this, to get herself out of this. She hopes someone heard her, but she can sense the fact that no one is running to her aid. She has to fight this one alone. She feels any sort of common sense she might have had leaving her, and she crosses the first stair, gripping onto the handrail so hard her knuckles turn a ghostly white. She naïvely thinks she could still talk it out, and that no one will get hurt, but here they are at the top of a staircase and it is inevitable. / She wakes up in the same damn bed and she would like to think this is a dream but the aches and pain shooting up from her left leg. Her mind moves to the clinical things she knows. Based on the location of the pain, her tibia has been broken, maybe snapped in two. The tibia is connected to the patella on the one side and the fibula along the side, connected by tendons. Madame Pomfrey sees she is awake and walks over slowly. She informs her patient that her leg has been healed, and the pain might be there for a few days, and does she remember what happened? Ms. Patil is probably pacing around, waiting to be let in to tell her exactly how events unfolded, and does Lavender need anything? Someone to talk to? Lavender declines all offers for the moment, and before she leaves, Madame Pomfrey whispers, "He's forbidden to see you, dear. Facing serious disciplinary action." / She could've become a Healer, she thinks. Not anyone world-famous, but maybe she could have had a hand in improving someone's life. She has not lived a full life, she thinks. She fell in love twice. She got some fairly excellent marks. She had the world's greatest best friend and hardly ever told her that. The last few months had been accompanied by nightmares and avoidance strategies. Michael hadn't been expelled, but the restraining order was magically binding. He couldn't get within twenty feet of her without being pulled back by an invisible force, and the Ministry of Magic had issued the order, which of course, had made its way through the castle. In a world where the castle had gotten colder and more isolated from the outside world, Lavender herself had become surrounded by pillars of strength and warmth. The first night she dreamed that it had all been a dream and Michael was still in her life, Parvati woke up to the sound of her whimpering and they snuck up to the Astronomy Tower and sipped hot chocolate they had stolen from the kitchens. Parvati had talked a mile a minute, talking about anything but the war and how after their first Halloween at Hogwarts, after the troll had gotten in, Hermione Granger had told the whole story from beginning to end, did she remember that? And how Hermione said that without Harry and Ron, she wouldn't have lived to tell the tale. The odds were always stacked against them, but somehow they found something to look forward to. But now Fenir Greyback has bitten her on the neck, and she knows if she survives this, her life will never be the same. If I survive this, she thinks, I will do anything. I'd forgive him, she thinks. I'd forgive him.