a pumpkin pasty. Scorpius offered the small boy a bottle of pumpkin juice and the three of them gazed out the window as the locomotive smoothly coasted through the countryside. "Thanks for letting me sit with you," the small boy said, giving them both a grateful look after taking a swig of his pumpkin juice. "You two are really cool, not like those other kids. Who are you both?" "I'm Albus," Albus replied brightly, offering his hand for a handshake. "Scorpius Malfoy," Scorpius drawled through a mouthful of chocolate frog, inspecting a Glanmore Peakes card. "Welcome to the dream team." "I'm Ben," the small boy chirped, shaking Albus' hand, then Scorpius' before smiling at them both. "It's short for Benjamin, but I like Ben better. My parents will only call me Benjamin and I hate it." "Nice to meet you, Ben," Albus replied cheerfully as Scorpius sifted through his chocolate frog cards, admiring his recent acquisitions. "Likewise," Ben replied, eyeing Scorpius' cards with a slight frown. "What are those cards you've got there? I've never seen them before." "They're Famous Witches and Wizards cards," Scorpius explained affably, showing Ben his newest cards with a knowing look. "Of course, you've got things like dragons and goblins as well, it's not all witches and wizards. You collect them and try to get a complete deck." "Wow!" Ben cried, admiring Scorpius' deck with a twinkle in his eyes. "How do I start collecting them?" "You get them from these," Albus replied, tossing the boy a chocolate frog box. "There's a card in every box of chocolate frog. I'll even give you a few of my spares to start you out." "Thanks," Ben squeaked as he pried the box open, eyes widening when the chocolate frog bounced out of the box. Scorpius deftly caught the frog with one hand, turning it over to Ben. The magic that had animated the frog-shaped chocolate had run out, and it lay perfectly still in his pale hand. "Muggle-born, right?" Scorpius queried as he looked Ben over, handing him the chocolate frog. "Yeah," Ben replied glumly. "My folks almost didn't let me go to Hogwarts. I only got to come here because the school said that it's my choice that counts, and they made my mum and dad let me come. You see, they're the overprotective sort. My mum even walked onto the train with me to find me a seat." As Ben looked away uncomfortably, Albus noticed that his cheeks were burning with humiliation. He felt sorry for the smaller boy; he would have been mortified if his own mother had walked him onto the train to find a seat. "You've really got it bad," Scorpius remarked apologetically before his expression brightened. "Say, you've got Merlin! That's a really good card!" As the train smoothly coasted along the tracks that led into Scotland, the three boys busied themselves with their chocolate frog cards. As promised, Albus forked over some of his spares to Ben, who had also been given a handful of new additions by Scorpius. By the time the sun had become little more than a blazing fireball that hung just over the horizon, Ben had sampled a number of wizarding candies and was sitting through an explanation of what Quidditch was, courtesy of Scorpius. The three boys had already donned their school uniforms by the time other kids were shuffling down the corridor to collect a change of clothes. As the sky continued to darken, the air inside of the train filled with mingled dread and anticipation, excitement and fear taking hold of the riders. All three boys almost jumped out of their seats when the speakers crackled. "We'll be arriving at Hogwarts in five minutes' time!" the voice echoed through the compartment as Albus turned to Scorpius, offering him a timid smile. "Please leave all pets and luggage on the train. It will be taken up to the school separately and placed in your dormitories. If you have any valuables or other items, please place them in your trunks. Hogwarts personnel are not responsible for lost or stolen items." Albus glanced out the window idly. The sun had set completely some twenty minutes ago or so, leaving the sky an indigo canvas that was slowly being pockmarked by dozens of stars. The throng outside of their compartment had grown to a considerable swell of students that filled their section of the train, all vying for a place in line so they could hastily stow away any belongings, say farewell to pets, or quickly exchange their clothes. Albus and the other two boys in his compartment had been smart in changing and stowing their items away earlier, leaving them free of the mass of students in the corridor. Their pockets were empty of all cards, which had been safely stowed in a secure place in their trunks. Between the three of them, they left only a few candies to line the insides of their pockets as they waited for the moment the Hogwarts Express arrived. The train began to slow considerably by the time the throng in the corridor had cleared up, with only an occasional robed child venturing to the back of the train to make hasty deposits into their trunks. Albus made a quick trip to the back to ensure that his ferret had enough food and water to tide him over before returning to his compartment, where Ben reclined in the seat with a nervous expression while Scorpius was pressed to the window, searching for any sign of the station they would soon be pulling into. A full three minutes passed as the three boys remained in position. Ben gave Albus a small and rather nervous smile that Albus returned to the best of his ability, while Scorpius suddenly stood and turned to them, his blue eyes wide with delight. "We've arrived," he gasped breathlessly, one pale hand still plastered to the window as the train ground to a halt. "We're here."