memory, she doesn't know if she can trust the man in front of her. This Sirius could very well be a traitor here, just the way this world's Bella was a boy named Harry. "Tell me, were you the Potters' Secret-Keeper?" Dumbledore asks again. Sirius looks distraught, but answers. "No, I wasn't. We switched Keepers at the last minute, so that it would be foolproof." Bella speaks for the first time since Sirius has entered the room. "Swear it on your magic." She flicks her wand and the ropes come loose. Sirius takes out his wand from an invisible holster on his arm - Bella feels impressed - and holds it up. "I, Sirius Black, swear on my magic that I never was the Secret-Keeper for Lily and James Potter, so mote it be." A blue light shines from the end of the wand, and Bella exchanges a look with Dumbledore. He nods his head, and calls out to Fawkes. The bird flies to sit on his shoulder. He raises his hand and wandlessly ties Sirius up again. Sirius struggles, as his wand drops to the floor. Bella summons it to her and tucks it away inside her robe pocket. Sirius scowls at her. "I have some important work to do now, such as apprehending Peter Pettigrew. Bella, I want you to stay here and keep an eye on Sirius and Harry. I've keyed the wards such that no one other than me can enter or exit the room for now." Bella nods her head slowly. "Of course, Professor." Sirius is not so polite. "I should avenge their murders. It is my job! It's my fault they're dead! I suggested the switch!" he yells, but Dumbledore is long gone. Harry manages to wriggle out of her arms and totters over to Sirius. She sighs and pulls a chair closer to Sirius'. "Who are you?" he asks almost rudely and all of a sudden, Bella just feels tired. She can feel a weariness in her bones. "Fuck off," she says eloquently, before she passes out in her chair. OoOoO Bella springs up as she feels her wand grow hot against her arm. She's ready to Stupefy people wandlessly, when she realises what is going on. Harry is trying to take her wand, a look of absolute concentration on his face. She looks up at Sirius, and he looks away. "Did you just try to get Harry to steal my wand?" she asks him incredulously. He mutters something under his breath, and she picks up Harry and coos at him. "You shouldn't be such a bad boy listening to Padfoot, Harry," she chastises him gently. He gurgles at her and wriggles in her arms. She sets him on her lap and takes out her wand. She transfigures the armchair in the corner into a comfortable crib. She transfigures the paper weights from Dumbledore's desk into rattles and sends them flying into the crib. Harry laughs delightedly at the zooming objects. She picks him up gently and places him inside the crib, where he immediately starts playing with a rattle. She walks back to her seat and looks at Sirius. He glares at her mutinously. She rolls her eyes. Apparently, Siriuses of all universes are stubborn. Bella decides that being polite is the best option. "Mr. Black, is there something I could help you with?" she asks as politely as possible. "You could let me out," he says, sneering at her. Bella feels extremely grumpy, but she keeps herself calm. At least, she makes herself look calm externally. Internally, she wants to lock up this man in a different room and then go to sleep. "I'm afraid I can't do that, Mr. Black. I believe you had some questions you wanted to ask me?" she says, channelising her inner Dumbledore. "For starters, who the fuck are you?" Bella bites back a groan. No wonder Snape hated him. This man was rude beyond measure! She decides to tell him the truth about herself, and see how he reacts. After all, she wants to remain in Harry's life and protect him from everything. And if she wants Sirius to let her be in Harry's life, she will have to be nice to the idiot sitting in front of her. "You won't believe me if I tell you." He narrows his eyes, and barks out a bitter laugh. "Who do you think you are? Voldemort in a skirt?" Bella loses any patience she has with the man in front of her and rolls her eyes. "Yes. I'm Voldemort in a short skirt. I like the colour pink and love diamond jewellery. I make all the Death Eaters proclaim me to be the most beautiful cross dresser they've ever seen." She keeps looking at him expressionlessly. "Fine, I'm sorry. But you have to understand. My closest friends are dead, and I find you, a stranger, holding a child who is like my own son. I'm upset, and I deserve a break." He looks down at the carpet. His mood swing doesn't faze her in the least. Bella feels her gaze softening. "It's not your fault, Padfoot," she says, sensing his guilt. He freezes, before looking up so fast that she thinks he might get whiplash. His voice drops and he asks in a dangerous whisper, "What did you just call me?" Bella pinches her nose and tries to push back that headache she can feel coming on. "Ask me all the questions you want, and I'll answer them all honestly. Alright?" she asks, meeting his eyes fully. He blinks. "Your eyes are like Lily's. But your features are that of James and Dorea's. Your hair is just like James' though. Who are you?" "My name is Isobel Lily Potter." Sirius takes in a sharp breath. She continues, "And my parents were Lily and James Potter." It doesn't surprise her that Sirius looks ready to pass out. OoOoO A.N: Reviews are love. Next update on November 30th, 2015.