know, Ron's going to go into a coma again when he sees that outfit," he quips. "But honestly, Luna, if I had to give only one single reason why I married you, this is it. You always make me feel better about everything." "Well, I try to," Luna smiles, while putting on her butterbeer cork necklace, her dirigible plum earrings, and a red-and-black checkered bowler hat. "And I think Ron's used to my fashion sense by now, don't you?" 5 – Fifty Years Old Harry and Luna are in bed one night looking over old photographs. Their appearances have changed somewhat since they were younger: while Harry's hairline hasn't receded, his formerly black tousled hair is now gray and shoulder-length – and in recent years he's begun favoring a gray goatee as well. Luna's hair is still mostly blonde, with a few wisps of white here and there. Still, by wizarding standards, they're barely even middle-aged. One thing that hasn't changed is Luna's choice of clothes: she is wearing a pair of button-up pajamas with a disorienting blue-and-green zigzag pattern. At the very back of the photo album is the latest addition: a photo of Ron and Hermione together with the now-grown Rose and Hugo, bearing an uncanny resemblance to what their parents looked like when they were in their twenties. "I wonder how much our kids would have looked like us," Harry muses as he closes the album and sends it over to the bookcase with his wand. "Do you ever regret that we decided not to have any?" "I think we made a responsible decision, Harry," Luna says, turning to face her husband. "We both had rather dangerous jobs that kept us away from home a lot… I don't think this would have been the best environment to raise a child in. It would have been nice to have someone to mentor, I suppose, but I don't think we needed any of the other stresses that came along with it." "Yeah, I know," Harry nods, laying his head on his pillow. "Still… I've seen all our friends with kids, and it's sometimes made me wonder if they're experiencing something we missed." "Well, it's all relative," yawns Luna. "They had something in their lives that we didn't, and we had things in our life that they didn't. And besides, we're not alone. We have plenty of friends who didn't have kids, either: Neville and Hannah, Daphne, Charlie Weasley…" "Oh, that reminds me," smiles Harry, sitting back up, "I actually heard from Neville today." Luna smirks. "I believe you mean you heard from Headmaster Longbottom ? As he's been called ever since McGonagall retired?" "Well, yes," Harry chuckles, "and if you're interested… we might have a chance to mentor some kids, after all. Neville told me that he's looking for a new DADA professor and a new Care of Magical Creatures professor, and before he even looks for anyone else, we were the very first people he wanted to ask. He said the timing is perfect, because both positions are open, and he knew neither one of us would come back to Hogwarts if the other couldn't come along. What do you think, Luna?" Harry looks eagerly at his wife, who has grown increasingly excited at the idea. "Oh… oh my!" Luna exclaims. "I'd love to be a teacher! But… would you miss your job at the Auror office? I know you've always been so very proud of keeping people safe… I wouldn't want you to leave that behind." "I think I've been an Auror long enough," says Harry. "I'm ready to step aside and let some younger wizards come in; we could certainly use some new blood there. For instance, Hugo has shown some interest in becoming an Auror. It would make Ron so proud to be able to train him. And besides… I like the idea of this new job. I think it would make Remus proud that I followed in his footsteps. I'm ready for my second act." "Will we be able to keep living here, though?" sighs Luna. "We've been in this house almost thirty years, and I'd hate to leave it behind. It's almost like… it's a part of our marriage, you know? It's part of who we are." "We wouldn't be heads of our houses," Harry explains, "so we wouldn't need to stay in the castle at night. Neville has it arranged so that we can Apparate to Hogsmeade and then walk to Hogwarts first thing every morning – and if we need something even quicker, he can set up a Portkey for us to use to get straight to Hogwarts and back every day. Don't worry, I knew how much you loved this house – because I love it, too." "The Portkey won't be necessary," Luna smiles, laying her head on her pillow. "I'd love to walk with you to work every day – assuming, of course, you'll hold my hand." "Of course I will," beams Harry, cuddling up next to her and undoing the top button of her shirt with his hand before proceeding to the remaining buttons. "You're going to be an excellent professor, Luna. One of the very best ever." "And so will you, Harry." Luna closes her eyes and enjoys her husband's explorations. All these years later and the romance is still there, she thinks. Just you wait until my turn, Harry. Afterword: For those of you who are thinking, "wait, isn't Harry sending a hare Patronus a mistake?", check my story "Somehow You'll Just Know" for an explanation of why Harry has that particular Patronus (although you can probably guess, and you'll probably be able to guess Luna's Patronus as well). Also, if you read that story, you'll see that Luna's eccentric taste in clothes (including pajamas) is hereditary. Finally, since there's no definitive source on Luna's middle name, I asserted my author's privilege and made one up for her – one which I felt was quite appropriate.