to the empty seat next to Alice, just like a gentleman, placing my bag next to me, before sauntering off to sit next to his mates. Alice hasn't noticed anything, seeing as she's staring lovingly into Longbottom's eyes. Give me a break . But Marlene has, and she waggles her eyebrows at me. I pretend not to notice her. ;; James Potter is apparently an over-achiever. As soon as dinner is over, he's on my side, picking up my bag and courteously refusing my attempts to get it back. It's so out of the ordinary that even Alice notices this. I just know that there's going to be an impromptu gossip session tonight between the two of us – no, make that three. Marlene looks super interested, being the gossip-monger that she is. Lily looks on disapprovingly. James and I walk a little in front of them, but we say absolutely nothing to each other. At the portrait hole, he hands me my bag, and I mutter a thanks to him. "What's the password again?" he asks, and I raise one eyebrow when I hear that. Are the others around? Is he playing at something? Lily pushes herself to the front, taking charge as usual, and tells the Fat Lady the password. I guess that's why she became Prefect, not me. I've wanted to be a Hogwarts Prefect ever since I heard how my parents had met – they had both been assigned to patrol the corridors together. I was seven when I first heard the story, and I thought it was the most romantic thing ever. I guess a small part of me still wishes I could be a Prefect, you know? Last year, I was pretty jealous of Lily Evans, but then seeing her carry out her duties made me realise that I'll never be able to match up to that level of dedication. I have a tendency to slack. I'm brought out of my musings when a voice asks me, "Hey, you all right?" I find that we're in the common room now. James is touching my elbow, looking at me in concern. "Yes, of course, why?" "You look like you spaced out for a minute." I give him a wry smile, as the gears in my head start churning. Damn, this boy is pretty good at reading people, or at least, at reading me. I don't understand how he can't read Lily, then. I mean, she's an open book. "So, I was wondering if I could talk to you? In private?" he says, a little loudly. I turn around to glance at Alice and Marlene. They're both watching with avid interest. "Now?" I ask him, playing along. "Yes," he says, pulling me by my arm towards the large lampshade in the corner of the room. We haven't even gotten a chance to sit down yet, and he wants to do this already? He positions me such that I'm against the wall and he's facing me. Marlene gives me a thumbs up sign, and I try not to scoff. I search for Lily, but I can't find her. This was supposed to be for her benefit, after all. "I'm going to ask you out now," he states. "Act a little nervous," I tell him quietly. I can see that James' mates have all entered the room. And they're all staring at the two of us. It feels like someone is shining a giant spotlight on the two of us. "And also, your friends are here," I add, still whispering. Can the others lip-read me? It certainly looks like Marlene is trying to do that from that armchair that both she and Alice have squished into. He runs his hands through his hair. So that's what he thinks his nervous tell is. Interesting . "Umm, right. I told them that I'm getting over Lily by trying out with other girls. They all seemed happy, to be honest." "James, stop delaying it. Marlene looks suspicious." "Right. Sarah Davies. Would you like to spend some time with me at Hogsmeade this Saturday?" he asks, a little too loudly. Out of the corner of my eyes, I can see Marlene's eyes pop out. I try not to snigger at it. Marlene is such an adorable dork, really. I should see if I can set her up with Fabian Prewett. Everyone knows she's been pining for him since her Second Year. And being one of her best friends, I am subjected to her daily lectures about Prewett's hotness. Why is it my crushes never last for long? I think the longest I've ever fancied someone is for eleven months. I guess the boys at Hogwarts just don't do it for me. James is looking at me with panic clearly written in his eyes, probably because I haven't answered him yet. He runs his hand through his hair once again. A part of me wonders how it would be if I say no. But obviously, I'm not a Slytherin, because I can't ever stab someone in the back, even if it's about something as trivial as fake-dating. "It's a date," I tell him, smiling. It's more like I'm smiling for the benefit of our silent spectators, whose reactions are pretty funny to watch. It looks like the gossip session just got confirmed. Brilliant. James moves away a little, and I can now go back upstairs. I whisper as I pass by, hoping I'm clear enough. "Meet me here at 5:30 AM tomorrow." I stress on the 'AM' part, not wanting to give room for any confusion. It's at moments like these that I feel I've inherited my mother's Ravenclaw brain. He briefly nods, and I loudly say, "Goodnight!" I hurry over to Alice and Marlene, and we rush upstairs. Or rather, they rush upstairs and pull me along, despite my being unwilling. It looks like they can't wait to get the gossip session started. Just bloody brilliant. ;; AN: Reviews are love. :)