idea of a shoulder to cry on." Blaise shrugged again, a careless gesture that did nothing to hide the very real sympathy he felt for Hermione Granger. "Her reasoning escapes me, but I've a feeling it has more to do with her insane Gryffindor nobility than anything to do with me." " What do you mean?" " It's not like she'd talk to Potter or Weasley about it. Granger might be a swot, but she's selfless. Wouldn't want her friends worrying about her if she could prevent it, and those two idiots would die for her. She's not close enough to anyone else to have another person to talk to, and she wouldn't risk a crack in her reputation of 'Hermione Granger, the brilliant Gryffindor and the glue that held the Golden Trio together in their darkest hour,''" Blaise mocked with no real malice. "I was dispensable to her. She didn't care about my opinion and I didn't give a rat's arse about her, and I guess that was enough to let her tell me." When Blaise looked at Draco, his childhood friend's eyes were downcast, studying the drink in front of him with more intensity than alcohol warranted. Blaise had known Draco for the better part of twenty years, but he was certain that this was the first time he'd ever seen him look guilty. " I didn't know she had nightmares." " No one expected you to," Blaise said, his look turning pitying as he heard the self-loathing in Draco's words. "There's nothing you could have done." " I could have said something. Done something. Even that stupid Weasley begged to take her place. All I did was watch." " You did what you had to do to survive." " That doesn't make it right." "Granger's proud, you know," Blaise said, snapping Draco back to the present. "She won't like the idea of being your charity case." "Well it's not as though I can go back in time and prevent Aunt Bella from torturing her, now is it?" Draco snapped. "For now, this is all I can do." "As much as I hate to admit it, money can't buy forgiveness." At the word forgiveness , Draco's defensive posture disappeared, and he slouched in the chair with a defeated air. "I don't deserve forgiveness." Blaise studied him for a moment before scoffing. "Don't you get all melodramatic on me, now. It's too bloody early in the day for that. Get over yourself, Malfoy. If you feel bad, do something about it, but don't expect to buy your way out of your own self-induced guilt." Hermione pulled the books out of the slowly shrinking gift basket one at a time, slipping them onto her bookshelf according to her sorting system of the month. She ran a finger down the spine of each one, allowing herself to briefly wonder who had gone through the trouble of researching Muggle literature in order to gift it to her. The basket as a whole had obviously had so much thought and care put into choosing its contents that Hermione couldn't help but imagine the sender had been a secret admirer of some sort. Unlikely, she knew, but it was a nice idea to entertain. The note fluttered to the ground as she put the last book away. Hermione picked it up, studying the two words written on the card as if they would reveal who had written them. The pretty cursive seemed vaguely familiar, but Hermione went through so much paperwork in a day that she couldn't possibly identify the handwriting. Just as well , Hermione mused as she arranged the flowers in a vase. This way, she could keep imagining she had a mysterious suitor. An owl tapped on her window and Hermione let it in, summoning a treat for the animal as it perched on the sill. It was a gorgeous creature, its feathers golden brown and its demeanor rather imperious, even as it accepted the treat and let Hermione stroke its chin. "What have you brought for me, you beautiful thing, you?" Hermione murmured, the owl preening at her compliment. It waited patiently as she untied the cord securing the package to its foot and flew away as soon as she was done. "How odd," Hermione said to herself. "It didn't wait for a return note." Hermione unwrapped the parcel and gasped. Laying in the paper was a leather-bound copy of Hogwarts: A History , a first edition that she had been coveting through the window only a few days prior. She hadn't been able to justify spending so much money on one book, and had regretfully left the shop behind, but someone must have seen her do so and cared enough to purchase it for her. She held the book almost reverently, her touch light as she opened the cover to reveal another card, written in the same hand as the one in the gift basket. I know this doesn't make up for it - nothing can - but I can at least try. How very peculiar. The gifts were far too personalized to have been sent to the wrong person, so that ruled out a mistake on the post's part. Hermione hadn't had any disagreements with anyone lately, and certainly not any that would require such expensive trinkets as way of apology. Still, the sender seemed to think they had something to apologize for. Figuring out who the sender was would be difficult without even their initials, but Hermione had always loved a challenge. A/N: It feels so good to be back in the Harry Potter universe, and I absolutely love writing Blaise. I was partly inspired to start writing Dramione again by Colubrina - if you haven't read any of her works, she's a dream. I highly recommend reading everything she's written. This chapter is more of a test run than anything, but hopefully I can stay on track enough to see the idea through. As always, review?