known better." "Don't bother apologising." "Then I won't," Ron nodded, serious. "It was hard at first being a girl, but I gradually adjusted thanks to everyone's support. I've learned so much over the years. Being a female has given me an opportunity to see things in different angles. It's allowed my mind to open up, letting me think more instead of just acting out and shooting myself in the foot. I left you alone all these years because I knew I'd be digging myself a bigger grave." "Whoa," Harry shook his head. "Are you thanking me?" Ron blinked for a few seconds, then wrinkled her nose. "That's not it. I'm just saying that your little punishments helped me change and see the gravity of my actions." "And you want me to reverse it?" Ron frowned, her delicate features tightening. "You're not listening, Harry. What I'm trying to say is that I've accepted what's happened to me. I'm prepared to live like this for the rest of my life if that's what you think I deserve. If you take away this hex, I'd be happy and eternally grateful, but if you choose not to, I'd understand and not hold it against you. But, Harry, if you keep me like this...I hope you know what it means for us now." Not that she was THAT much against it, but she still didn't want Harry to know. This time, Harry showed his shock. He had been expecting a lot of things from Ron, begging, pleading, angered curses, hell, even fists - an indirect thank you was not one of them. And her implication of what there relationship would be if the bond was strengthened was not helping matters. Ron realised something, and moaned into her hands. "Oh, Merlin, mom's going to be so mad." Harry figured that he might as well use this opportunity and get info. "Where is little Ms. Know-It-All?" Ron flinched at the name. "Uhh... 'Mione is difficult sometimes. I really wanted her to come with me, but she refused." "Figures, only when it suits her," Harry said. A part of him was angered that Hermione didn't bother showing up, another part couldn't be bothered. He chose the latter to stick to. Ron took a deep breath and spoke: "She's scared, Harry." "Scared of owning up?" "No, she'd gladly call herself an idiot over and over for you." "Then what is she afraid of?" "... The thought of you hating her." Harry snorted. Ron glared for the first time. "I'm serious, it's kind of the reason we broke up." "Broke up?" "We're still friends, but that seems to be all we are, I guess." Ron sounded sad just saying those words, but Harry wasn't sympathetic. "Too bad." Ron picked up on the sarcasm, and retorted with her own, "Thanks." Silence followed after. Harry was comfortable in seeing Ron fidget every now and then, but Ron couldn't stand the stillness of air. "Are...are you going to run away again?" "What's the point? Hogwarts will force me to come back!" Harry was mindful to shout the words for his soon to be headmaster's ears to pick up. No doubt the dirty old man was listening intently on the other side. "Oh," Ron said, scratching her head in sheepish realisation. Another awkward silence. Ron stood up, she decided to excuse herself before things turned ugly. She could at least take comfort that Harry wasn't as nasty as she pictured. But it was too early to tell of anything. Additionally, it was too early for Harry to distinguish her changes as well. "I have to go now. I'll see you at school." Harry didn't reply, content with being as rude as he wanted. Ron was a little put off, but she left anyway. Harry would have never thought powerful magic would backfire with disastrous results. When he said Ron's condition was permanent, he wasn't kidding. He didn't know how to change Ron back to a boy, not that he wanted to, mind you (revenge was sweet). He needed to figure out a way to break the bond though. If what Dumbledore said was true, then Ron was his bond-mate, and that involved sexual attraction as well. He shuddered, thinking of what would happen if he even started lusting after Ron. He wasn't against anyone who preferred same sex relationship; he'd never think any different of them, and it wasn't as if Ron WAS a boy anymore, but he was not gay. No matter what, it would still be... weird and...it was RON . His plans were tarnished for now. He would have to be kept in the loop of Voldemort's activities in Hogwarts. He silently cursed Dumbledore, Ron, Hermione, the Weasleys, the Ministry, and Merlin himself before he calmed down. One thing was for sure... His fifth year in Hogwarts was going to be interesting. XXXXXX I was REALLY sick and tired of reading great stories of Harry Potter being betrayed that ruined their flow with intense bashing of characters that took things TOO far. I'm not against bashing of character if it's done right, but senseless bashing just ruins it for me. So I decided to try a Harry Potter betrayal fic of my own, with my own twist. True, as you can see, I'm not JK Rowling, but hopefully my ideas won you over to my side (Joooiiinn mmeeeee, joooiinn mmeeee. Mwahahahahaha!) I'm still thinking of putting Sirius and Remus into the story. (WIP) Note: in this fic, I will include the Tri Wizard Tournament, because I can and because I love Gabby. I read 'Hope' and fell in love with the story and pairing. Whether Ron and Harry become a pairing themselves is up in the air. Oh, did I mention, my Harry Potter guilty pleasure is GREAT Harry Harem stories that make me laugh. I love Harry and I think he deserves more than a few female interests. Hell, I might make this a harem fic if you guys want.