for an eye, all that." Scorpius leaned ever so slightly forward, chin perched atop his knee, his eyes alight with obvious curiosity. Something deep within Albus longed to tell his deepest, darkest secret; that he was hopelessly in love with the very person sitting in front of him. Some part of him longed with the utmost desperation just to blurt out what he truly felt; which hadn't changed at all in the past ten minutes. If anything that love had only deepened, intensified, at being privy to such a huge and secret part of Scorpius' life. "No." He replied instead, "Nothing." "Oh, come on, you're kidding, right?" Scorpius snorted and leaned back against the sink, his stormy grey eyes still piercing Albus' gaze. "A guy like you doesn't have any secrets?" "What do you mean, a guy like me ?" Albus asked, completely taken back. "Well..." Scorpius trailed off, his expression pensive. Albus still felt extremely weird, sitting in a bathroom talking to Scorpius Malfoy. It was more or less the longest conversation he had had with somebody other than Maria in his entire time at Hogwarts, "You're… Different. I didn't think I'd ever heard you talk until tonight. You're the son of Harry Potter, but no one knows anything about you. You're hardly mentioned in the Daily Prophet, compared to James and Lily. I guess I just want to know why. It sounds like it could be a secret." "It's not," Albus shrugged, cringing at the very mention of his siblings; a reminder of just how inadequate and imperfect he was, "I'm just… quiet. There's no secret." "Yeah, but… There's quiet, and then there's you ." Scorpius leaned forwards again, "I don't think I would have noticed you at all if if weren't for the family name - and believe me, I know how much of a burden it can be. Why do you think my parents won't let me tell anybody? They're scared people will judge us, that they'll be shunned all over again after trying so hard to build themselves back up. So, I ask again. Do you have any secrets?" "You're nosy," Albus replied, rolling his eyes. Scorpius glared, but the bubble of laughter that escaped his lips betrayed how he truly felt about Albus' statement, "Yes. Of course I have secrets. I am still human." "That's reassuring," Scorpius interjected. This time it was Albus' turn to fix him with a glare. "Well, you never know…" "Whatever. I do have secrets but… I can't tell you." Scorpius pursed his lips as he rose to his feet, "Well that's just not fair." "Life's not fair," Albus said with a self-deprecating smile in Scorpius' direction as the other boy headed towards the door, where he would have to somehow step over or around Albus. "Hilarious," He responded dryly, "Well. This was fun, but I'd better be off." "Stay away from the left wing of the third floor corridor," Albus said in as nonchalant a tone as possible. "Uh, why?" Scorpius asked. "Peeves'll be there. He always is this time on a Tuesday night. He's a pretty predictable poltergeist." "You really are full of surprises, aren't you?" Scorpius mused. Inexplicably, he bent back down, facing Albus once again. Albus had to fight to keep the blush from rising on his cheeks, to keep his gaze steady against those grey eyes, like a twilight sky on a stormy summer day, "Why did I never realise?" "No one ever bothered to find out." Albus said simply. "I think I'm going to have to make more of an effort in future," Scorpius said with a smirk, his gaze still fixed intently on Albus, "You're an enigma, Albus Potter, but I think I can figure you out. Goodnight." With that, he was gone, pushing past Albus and into the dark, empty corridor. Albus felt the door come to a stop against his back and sighed, wondering how the hell all of this had happened. His one goal for the year had been the same as every other year; to keep quiet and stay out of trouble, to be careful above all, but this year, it appeared that trouble had come looking for him in the form of Scorpius Malfoy. That he intrigued the other boy was incomprehensible, unbelievable. Scorpius was so many things, whilst Albus was just… Albus. What was there about him to cause intrigue? Realising his mind would simply be going around in circles for the rest of the night, he pushed himself to his feet, heading towards the mirror, where he watched his reflection for a few seconds, wondering what there could possibly be about him that could have interested the other boy. Then again, Albus had never laid his soul bare to anybody before, and he reasoned that something as huge and as meaningful as that would probably have quite an impact. Frowning at the deep shadows under his eyes and his scruffy black hair, he turned and headed back to his dorm, wondering all the while what the future could possibly have in store for him concerning Scorpius Malfoy. It was strange, how he could learn a secret so earth-shatteringly big about him, something that should probably have altered his entire perception and opinion of him, yet all he did was love him more. He hadn't thought it even remotely possible, that he could open his heart up any more; perhaps it just went to show what a hopeless case he truly was. In a way, he didn't really mind at all. A/N: Please let me know what you thought, either by following, favouriting, or leaving a review! I hope you guys like trans!Scorpius, I've wanted to write about him for a while, and I sincerely hope you enjoy the rest of this fic as well. I don't know when the next update will be, as I don't really have a regular schedule for this... But hopefully it won't be too long a wait. Thank you for reading!