shadow of doubt. He's stupidly reckless and never thinks anything through – as Gryffindor as they come, in summary – he's stupidly lucky, he's rubbish at Potions, he's the Headmaster's Pet, and he adores Quidditch. All known facts about Harry Bloody Potter. "No – I do," Potter assures, and that mollifies Draco a little. Draco hates being wrong. "I just… I guess it just never occurred to me as an option, that's all." Draco slants a baffled look at him. "You're quite weird," he says flatly. "You know that, right?" Harry snorts in amusement and shoves halfheartedly at Draco, which – ooh, progress . Friendly shoving is a definite step in the right direction. They make their way down to the Pitch, getting startled looks from whichever people they happen to pass in the corridors on the way down, and when they finally arrive, it's to find that they have no competition; the Pitch is completely empty. "So what shall we do?" Draco asks, taking his broom down from his shoulder and straightening his robes in readiness. "I'd suggest racing, but someone has an unfair advantage in that field." Potter grins, looking more comfortable than Draco's seen him in weeks, now that he's on the Pitch. "Well, actually – there are some things I've been dying to try," he says, and then starts talking about the World Cup, and some of the manoeuvres he'd seen there. Draco enthusiastically joins in, because there had been some spectacular moves that game, and actually, yes, attempting to master them themselves sounds quite fun. Which is how Draco finds himself spinning through the air, exhilaration in his veins and heart in his throat as he and Potter vie to be the first to master one technique or another. Potter's good on a broom – Draco can easily concede that. Their rivalry hasn't ebbed a bit, even in the face of their newfound… well, Draco wouldn't go quite so far as to say friendship yet, it's still too early for that, but their… lack of enmity, at least, and they gradually move away from trying to perfect certain moves to simply trying to one-up each other, tossing friendly-yet-biting insults that are instantly volleyed back with an extra dose of sass at each other as they do, until they eventually find themselves hurtling towards the ground, back to back, spinning around each other in a tight spiral as they get closer and closer to the hard, grassy plane of the Pitch, neither one willing to be the first to pull up, both wanting to be the one to win the challenge. But Potter is a lunatic, and eventually – with mere metres to spare – Draco folds and yanks the handle of his broom until he's safely out of the spiral of death, and he turns to see Potter pulling out of the death-defying dive with so little time to spare that the boy's toes actually graze the grass as he pulls up and out, flying up to join Draco. Potter's laughing wildly as he approaches, eyes bright and hair a whirlwind, and Draco is gaping at him incredulously. "You're a lunatic," Draco gasps, and Potter lets loose a delighted, exhilarated peal of laughter, and does a loop on his broom just because he can, apparently, and because he has excess lunacy to spare. "I haven't had this much fun on a broom in years," Potter grins. The boy is windblown and tousled, beaming happily at Draco from under his absurd hair, and Draco finds that his own face is grinning cheerfully back at the other boy without any conscious input or effort from his brain. Huh. Convenient. It's merely the rush of being in the air and the adrenaline flooding his system, obviously, but the effortless grin will do nothing but assist in his plans to convince Potter that he means this – that his attempts at building a friendship between them truly are genuine – so Draco's not concerned. "Let's go to the Lake," Draco says abruptly, partly because it's been ages since he's flown over the Lake, but also because he would like to not die, and he's starting to fear that flying with Potter may mean death-by-reckless-flying. "I thought you said the Lake adds – what was it? Adds a certain thrill to the whole thing. Is losing a game of Chicken to me not thrilling enough for you?" Potter's grin is bright and teasing, and Draco isn't even offended at the mention of him losing the game. "Thrilling, absolutely," Draco says, rising in the air and drifting in the direction of the Lake. "But staring death in the face as it rushes for me in the form of a grassy knoll isn't something I'm quite accustomed to. The Lake at least has a semi-soft landing if one of us miscalculates." "But what about the threat of falling into the Giant Squid's great maw, or whatever it was you said?" Potter heckles, rising in Draco's wake and following along. "I have a chance of fighting the Squid off," Draco sniffs, and gestures balefully to the ground. "I have less chance of escaping death if I were to drive myself into the hard ground at an uncountable speed." "And here I thought you were a good flyer," Potter grins, and Draco can take a lot, but he can't take insults to his flying (caution is not indicative of a lack of talent, thank you very much), so he says, "Ten Galleons says my skills get me to the Lake before you," and shoots off without another word, streaking towards the brightly sparkling lake as fast as he's able. Potter yells in outrage behind him, and gives chase. (Draco wins, but the grouchily-relinquished ten galleons aren't nearly as much of a reward as the way Potter swears that next week, when they do this again, it'll be Draco eating Potter's dust, and Draco grins to himself, because Operation Befriend Potter is properly under way.)