before shifting Caelum so he could be seen. His eyebrows rose when the elf looked to be on the verge of tears. "Mipsy is so happy to see a new baby in the house of Black." He watched her as she wiped her eyes on the apron of her uniform. "I'm happy that you're happy, Mipsy. I believe Caelum could use a warm bath and bottle before it's time for him to sleep. Can I trust you to take care of him for me?" She nodded her head wildly, her long ears flopping as she moved. She gently cradled Caelum in her arms, his purple eyes looking at her like she was the most fascinating thing, before they popped away. "Master Black. My name is Manzo." Manzo had the most masculine voice he had ever heard from an elf. He earned his name well. "Is there anything I can do for you?" "Hmmm…yes actually." He pulled out his trunk and passed it to the elf. "Please take my trunk to my room and please ask one of the kitchen elves for a small meal. I am rather hungry and haven't eaten much in a couple of days. After that I think I may take a bath and go to bed." "Yes, sir. I will see to your trunk and that your meal is prepared by the time you get to the kitchen. A bath will be waiting for you when you are finished." Manzo quickly left. If anything, the elf was efficient. Sirius paused and looked at the house, taking a deep breath. He was really here. He had really broken off ties from England in order to raise a child that should be his best friends, but was now his in every way. He didn't regret it, though it was overwhelming. He sighed and continued walking. There was much to be done. He may be off the battlefield but he wasn't out of the war. Not completely anyway. "I guess this is it. Better make the most of." He whispered to himself, allowing the rich dark wood doors of Ravenfell to close behind him. () A few days later, the masses knew that Sirius Black had taken up his title as Lord Black and abandoned England to the Dark Lord, the knowledge of a son never revealed. Nearly Two months after that, James and Lily Potter became the proud parents of a beautiful baby girl with ebony black hair and Emerald green eyes. Her name would soon be one of the most talked about: Acacia Calypso Potter. Six months later, the Dark Lord and his militia suffered a major set-back when two of the wealthiest contributors to the cause (Nott and Malfoy) found that their biggest financially supportive businesses were bought out anonymously. Both pureblood households pulled their donations from the cause in order to stabilize their own household before it sunk to 'mudblood' levels. More than a year later, on October 31, 1981, the Dark Lord Voldemort entered the Potter's home after they had been betrayed by one of their closest friends, Peter Petegrew. He would enter the home at a time when James Potter is away with the ministry, and confront Lily Potter as she stands protectively in front of her daughter. She will nearly lose her life, the Dark Lord having cut off her leg in order to get to her daughter. The magic she had delved in, the runes that practically crawled along her daughter's crib, would protect her, allowing the killing curse to bounce back at the Dark Lord and causing him to turn to dust on the spot. The screaming wail of a wraith and the carved rune Sowilo that will be mistaken as a lightning bolt would be all that is last known of the Dark Lord. And all would be right in the world as Acacia and Caelum would grow. All would be right for a time… Because there is a prophecy that must be fulfilled. The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord Approaches Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies And the Dark Lord will mark her as his equal, She will have power the dark Lord knows not Though an end will come if the unwanted shield birthed under Gemini's star is broken For both she and shield share power and blood blessed by death If the shield breaks, the end is near And either she or the Dark Lord must die at the hand of the other because neither can live while the other survives. The one with the power to vanquish the dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies. () A/N: There will be somethings I'm changing in the canon such as the age of the characters when the triwizard tournament comes, which will be in the chapter. Be aware that this is only the prologue, the next chapter will launch from when Caelum and Acacia are 16. Let me know, in a constructively nice way please or I'll pretend that you and your review don't exist, what you think. I haven't gotten into the development of my main characters yet, but those will come in the next chapter. I wanted to set the stage for so please be patient. I've been playing around with this idea for a while, so hopefully it will shape up to being what I hope it to be. I'm looking for a beta or a coauthor on this. I've got a big idea, so it would be nice if I could have a good brain to bounce ideas off of. P.S: Super apologize if my pronouns jump. That's what happens when you write one way and then change midway through the story. I don't know if I was able to fix it all so if I didn't catch all of my mistakes point them out to me. If I have the time I'll go back and fix it.