over to Sirus, and wrapped his arms tightly around the thin frame of his former friend. "I am so sorry." Lupin whispered and Sirius only held on tighter. They eventually let go, both men with tears in their eyes. "I can't even begin-"but Sirius stopped his words with a wave of his hand. "You couldn't have known." "I should have!" Remus responded, anger in his voice. "You were my best friend, you still are! I should have known you would have never betrayed Lily and James." "It's all in the past." Sirius said, before hugging his friend tightly again. "It's great to see you again." Sirius then said truthfully. Remus didn't reply because he staring intently over Sirius shoulder, and when Sirius looked over to see what he was looking at he saw Harry clutching the door tightly, a scared look on his face. "Hey Harry." Sirius said softy, carefully dropping to his knees and the little boy ran to his godfather, letting himself be picked up. "This is Remus." Harry stayed silent, hiding his face in Sirius' neck whilst Sirius stroked his hair. "Hey Harry, it's great to see you." Harry stayed silent, and Sirius and Remus shared a look before they started walking towards the kitchen so that they could all sit down. Harry stayed clinging to his godfather. "So what have you been up to?" Sirius asked and the werewolf started talking more about his time away in different countries. Visiting different people to see if there was a way to heal his 'condition.' But alas there was nothing, and as Remus kept talking Harry became more relaxed until he was listening intently to what Remus was saying. "Have you talked about magic?" Remus asked suddenly when Harry had fallen asleep after about an hour into Remus' time with them. Sirius shook his head explaining the only magic that Harry had seen was Dumbledore aspirating. "Are you going to talk about it? It's a pretty big part of his life." "Not at the moments it's not. I don't have a wand, I can't do any magic." "Your wand!" Remus quickly moved towards his bag that lay on the table and pulled out an old black box. If Sirius had something in his hand he would have dropped, quickly making his way over he grabbed the small object and painstakingly slowly opened the lid. There, laying on white cushion was Sirius' wand. He didn't know whether to cry or laugh. "How?" Was all he asked as he slowly removed his wand and placing it in his hand. It was like it never left, the same feeling pulsed through like it always did. The surge of magic now becoming almost overpowering. "Dumbledore managed to save it, kept in a vault and when you were freed he gave it to me to give to you." "I thought it was snapped?" Sirius said and Remus shrugged. "Apparently not." Sirius couldn't resist, he took the wand and started his first spell in three years. By the time Harry had woken Sirius could feel the magic flowing through his veins. Pans and plates were flying through the air, the dishes were washing themselves. Harry was frozen by the door way, his eyes wide. "Harry!" Sirius said, a massive smile on his face. Harry froze for two seconds before his little feet carried him away, his godfather having no idea where he went. The whole room froze, and everything slowly came to a stop. Sirius gave Remus a surprised look, having no idea why that reaction was created. "You can't just spring magic on the kid like that Sirius." So Sirius trudged after the boy, feeling guilty as he wandered through the house trying to figure out where Harry would go. He found him hidden under the bed, tears falling down his face. "Harry baby?" Sirius whispered, carefully pulling the boy out from under the furniture and onto his la. "I'm sorry." Sirius said, kissing the top of the boys head. "No maj!" Harry whispered, "Bad Harry! No maj!" The boy whispered and Sirius was stumped. What did he mean? "Harry, magic if perfectly fine okay? You're not bad. You're brilliant." Sirius whispered, hoping he was soothing the boy. "No bad?" Harry then asked and Sirius nodded, and suddenly, like a switch, Harry was smiling again and laughing. "Maj?" "Magic? Do you want to see some magic?" At the hesitant look in the boys eyes, Sirius added, "I promise you won't get told off okay?" Harry then nodded, comfortable in being carried down the stairs back to the scene where the magic had happened. They spent hours doing magic, Sirius loving the way the boys eyes widened and laughed at all the tricks. Harry had even become less shy around Remus, he had even started to speak to him at one point. But soon the day came to a close, Harry had starting yawning every couple of minutes. So Sirius quickly scooped him up, letting him say goodnight to Remus before heading upstairs. "One!" Harry said as he settled on his bed under the covers, "One!" he repeated. "One?" Sirius questioned, "One what?" "One maj!" Harry said and Sirius smiled, reaching for his wand in understand. One more magic trick. "Okay, one more and then sleep time okay?" Harry nodded, watching intently as Sirus let red sparkles fly from his wand and flying in circles just above the boy. They formed into a dragon, which then turned into a dinosaur before becoming a snake. By the end of it Harry was clapping a bright expression on her face. "Again?" He asked but Sirius shook his head, bringing the covers up to the little boys chin. "Sleep time now okay?" Sirius said and Harry nodded, pouting slightly. "Have you been to the toilet?" Sirius asked and Harry nodded, a blush blooming on his face. "Goodnight buddy." Sirius whispered, seeing the boys eyes flutter shut as he kissed his forehead, right on the lightning bolt scar.