those old ones. I can assist you in picking out the perfect ones." She whispered conspiringly, "That shop girl, Katheryn—would not know fashion if it flew at her at the pace of a bludger." The wizard shook his head, trying half-heartedly to keep the pained look from his eyes. This was the third time this week that she had brought up his dress robes. Even going as far as to write him letters, only to offer him her personal tailor for special occasions. "No. I am here to get Hedda new robes." Severus gestured for the child to come to his side. Being an obedient child, she quickly followed suit, almost tripping on her too long jeans. "Who is Hed- "Narcissa started to say, but then stopped when she saw the child, that had taken up residence at her cousin's side, almost behind him. The little witch peeked out from behind his billowing robes. Severus pulled the girl in front of himself, "This is newest heiress to the Prince line. Hedda Marie Prince." He lifted his nose, with a pompous smile. Narcissa Malfoy's eyes visibly widened. 'When did he have a child? Why is she dressed like a muggle? Why did she have an American dialect? Where the mother? Who is the mother?' Thoughts of him having a scandalous affair with some American muggle filled her head. The blonde witch could not wait to tell all her friends at Madame Loretta's Witch's Salon of All Life's Events. Narcissa had an appointment this afternoon to have her hair permed, and she was in dire need of a pedicure. She was meeting Merethelda Greengrass there, then joining her for tea with several other pure blood ladies for book club. 'They are going to get a kick out of this.' A devious twinkle in her blue eyes. 'This is better than the time Evermorona, wore the same dress robes as Wendrilla to Wendrilla's birthday gala.' The potions instructor could almost see the gears turning in his distant relative's head. "Hedda is from America. Her parents decided that it would be best for her to live with me. As I do not have an heir and she is another direct descendant." He half lied, trying to avoid giving the nosy witch any ammo for her to gossip with. Disappointment clouded her blue eyes, she had hoped that it would have been a juicer story. Narcissa offered her pale hand for the child to shake. Hedda stopped nervously twisted her thumbs as she greeted Narcissa, raising her stubby hand to shake the adult's. Narcissa studied the Prince heiress up and down. Her brunette curls were pulled in pig tails. She was dressed in an oversized pink sweatshirt with a chubby red headed cartoon girl that read Strawberry Shortcake and blue jeans. She had obviously transfigured oval shaped, tin metal framed, glasses over her large, brown eyes. 'I suppose she is cute.' When Hedda shook her hand, and told her how pleasant it was to meet her. The older woman's eyes immediately softened, as she was rather charmed by her polite, meek nature. "I must be going; Draco here has a play date with Obsidian Rowlin at their estate." She turned her head to the side to look at the child on her hip. "Yes, you do." She cooed in a sickeningly sweet voice at the young toddler, who looked up at her with creepy, grumpy eyes. Even odder he had an ugly sneer upon his plump face. "Be sure to bring Hulga to brunch next Sunday!" Narcissa called, as she exited the shop. After Lucius's wife left, Severus checked on the status of Hedda's robes with the shop attendant, whose name was Katrina not Katheryn he figured out when she floated into the room. 'Tsk. Another Lovegood relation.' She had been his sixth-year potion class on his first-year teaching at Hogwarts. 'Katrina had been surprisingly good at potions for someone with so much air taking up residence in her head.' He thought as she whirled around, getting out the proper paper work and bringing it the receptionists desk. "Here you go, professor. Just sign here. And here." Severus followed the instructions, irritated at how much work there was to get them delivered to his home. Hedda stood beside him, thinking about her meeting with her new relatives. Narcissa seemed okay, if not a bit like the women on the TV show she used to watch with her mom, when her mom was in one of her more stable moods. The Ladies of London , Hedda thought the show was called. When they were finally done with the paper work, Severus lead her across the street and into her desired location Flourish and Blotts bookstore without needing to be asked. -End of Part One- More notes: Okay so if you read SeidoTama, or know me personally, you might know I am a fan of Etymology myself! And J.K. Rowling used it in Harry Potter, and even if I did not love it I would use it as a sort of Easter Egg in my fanfic. Here is a sort of list of Etymology stuff I used for names/ Why I used it in my story for my OCs. Hedda O'Dailey/Prince: Hedda means battle, give or take. They are variations of it. It seems to be Nordic. I choose the name because Yazziyou's real name starts with H. and I enjoy using easter eggs. Also, it's the name of the fascinating heroine and namesake of the play Hedda Gabbler, who has a personality similar to Yazziyou's except Yazziyou is much more straight forward. Some of the other names mean something special, some do not. If you are curious feel free to ask! Have a good night or whatever time of day it is where you are! Please favorite, comment, like, kudos, comment- please let me know if you like it? Hate it? Think it's okay? I love knowing. Constructive criticism welcome. So is blatant, but honest flattery.