chance to live? He would love this child, not because of who gave it to him but because it was his. That's all he needed to understand. He shook his head at the healer. "No. It's mine. I'll protect it and raise them with a lot of love." It was quiet in the room for a moment. Harry accepting the weight of his decision and the healer smiling at his decision. The healer coughed to break the quiet. "Alright. If that is your decision then we need to discuss other issues. You are severely malnourished and underweight. If you do not rectify it, it will put you and the baby in danger further along. You have to take the normal pre-natal vitamins, but also nutrient supplements in order to keep you both at a steady pace. The further along you go the more the child will be draining you of your magic and nutrients. Since the father isn't here, all of it will be coming from you. Usually the father and bearer will be able to split the magic drain, but it won't be the same for you due to…circumstances. In any case, you need to get your body up to a certain weight by the time the baby's sex can be determined. That is around the time the magic drain increases. I recommend you eat as much as you can whenever you can. Listen to the cravings your body is telling you, you have them for a reason. And above all, avoid stress! Your body is under a lot of stress, and considering whom you are, I understand. But you need to avoid it. It will not just stress you, but the baby. It will weaken your immune system and magic, and if your body and magic are weak, so too will be the baby. " Harry nodded. He had already planned to avoid the stress everything had been causing him; he now had a bigger reason to. He left St. Mungo's in a weird state of confusion, anxiety, and optimism. His spent the entire trip back to the hotel plotting his next steps, steps that included finding a permanent place of residence, avoiding Voldemort, his lackeys, and the Order of the Phoenix, and staying stress free. A couple days later, he moved into his very own two bedroom cabin. It was a perfect little quaint place on the outskirts of a small muggle town that reminded him of Godric's Hollow, though smaller. He had named the place Haven Hill since it was a sanctuary of sorts, and once he figured out a how to put a Fidelius on it, it would be a place no one could find him. His spent the next month or so reading up on male pregnancies and getting his health up to snuff. He wouldn't risk his child's life because he couldn't keep up with his own. Then there was today. The one day he had ventured out to try and find an unregistered wand and things to prepare him for having the baby. The one day he had forgotten his invisibility cloak at home and didn't bother Dobby to apparate back because he wanted to enjoy 'the scenic route'. The one day he decides to be not so cautious is the one day that bloody fucking Lucius Malfoy followed him home. The man was like an Adonis, Harry could admit to himself. All chiseled man and long, silky blonde hair and icy eyes that were unnaturally hot at times. But he was arrogant. He was surprised the man could walk with how far his head was up his own arse. The memory of the elder Malfoy's comment about having his legs up in the air and getting fucked made him almost see red. It made him seethe. The very insinuation that he wanted what had happened to happen pissed him off. He didn't trust the man further than he could throw him without magic and that was not far at all. He may have gotten a magical oath out of Malfoy, but the man had clearly thought he couldn't see his way out of such an oath. Malfoy underestimated him and that was fine. It was Malfoy who had sworn not to tell Voldemort his location in exchange for a favor. The request for a favor was suspicious in and of itself, but Harry didn't allow himself to dwell on it. He said he wouldn't leave Haven Hill and he wouldn't. No. He would just make Malfoy forget his location. But first there were things he needed to get. He still needed an unregistered wand. He needed someone he trusted. He needed the incantation to the Fidelius. Then again, after three days had passed and a knock on his door revealed a surprisingly ruffled and smoking Lucius Malfoy on the verge of unconsciousness standing on his welcome mat: he hadn't exactly expected the man to show up so soon. A/N: Lucius Malfoy/ Harry Potter fanfiction inspired off a host of other stories such as some of Slayer-of Destiny's Unexpected Developments and Meant to Be by Phoenixmaiden13. They were inspirations but I don't plan on this story being anywhere close to the way those went so you can't consider this a rip off. I did however want to give credit where credit is due since both of those authors are two of my favorites and I respect their work. If you haven't read any of their work then please check them out. I'm open to sweetly said criticism, if you flame me I'll be rude and if you have the balls enough to say something nastily have the balls to post your name too. I want to know whose speaking to me so I can respond. If you're nice I'll be nice back. Don't hide behind a computer. I've dropped writing fanfiction before simply because someone thought they had the right to be cruel, I'm trying again so don't ruin it for me.