to buy a home for me; and I appreciate your desire to keep me around and that you're open to me having your children, but I'm better than that. I deserve to have a man that calls me wife. I deserve a partner who's proud of me for who I am. I'm no one's dirty little secret, Theo." She said all this in an informative, but gentle tone. She wanted him to know how she felt not attack him. She figured he just didn't get it; but when she met his eyes and saw the smirk firmly placed on his lips, she clicked her jaw shut and shoved at him. Surprise flickered in his eyes and he quickly put up his hands in surrender. "Wait!" Theo hissed and grabbed her shoulders roughly. "I love you, damn it! I didn't want to scare you off by proposing marriage three weeks into our relationship, because that's how soon I knew that I wanted to spend the rest of my life by your side. You're beautiful and smart and sexy and my whole world and I've been a fool." He would have continued, but she stopped him. "You don't ever ask me to accompany you on any official event or any lunches with your mum. We've been together for three years and I've never even met the woman! Is it because you're ashamed of me? Afraid my Muggle manners will offend her pureblood sensitivies?" Hermione was getting nasty now and she wasn't sure she cared. Theo's hands squeezed harder and she winced. "I don't think any of those things. I would take you anywhere at any time… Give me a chance to explain, won't you? I have so much to tell you." "Why haven't you told me before, Theo?" His head dropped back and he sighed. "Because I was afraid that you would see me and realize that I'm flawed. I was afraid that you would realize that you deserve better." Hermione huffed. "So you took away my choice and didn't tell me anything?" This made her angrier than her previous assumption of him thinking she wasn't good enough to marry. "What about me made you think that I wanted someone else making my decisions?!" she shouted. Theo cringed and looked around. Luckily, everyone was busy either dancing or kissing or drinking and the music was playing loud, so her shouting hadn't bothered anyone but him. "Theo! I am talking to you!" she reminded. He turned back to her and was caught breathless by her beauty. His lioness, standing ready for battle. He knew she loved him, but she wasn't ready to just cave into him. She was still ranting and raving, but he couldn't hear her. He could only see the woman he loved. She was almost glowing in his eyes, though if logic had been with him, he would have acknowledged that it was probably the angry energy her magic was giving off. "…And I don't appreciate you just assuming that I would go along with-" "Marry me, Hermione." Hermione's mouth closed and opened a few times. Her eyes followed his smirking face- probably at finally shutting her up- sink as he kneeled in front of her and took her hand with one of his. With his other hand, he pulled a small velvet box from his trouser pocket and opened it with a whispered Klup . "Hermione, I want you to be my wife. Will you marry me? …And meet my mother." Fresh tears coursed down her cheeks. She was nodding before she said yes, but he waited until he heard her vocal agreement, which came out raspy, and then placed the ring on her finger. Draco and Blaise had been watching the entire scene and the couple had ended up being forced to announce their engagement at the ball due to a 'rumor' being spread directly to the Minister of Magic. Anyone's guess at who started the rumor. (*) The first time Hermione and Elizabeth met was at dinner by formal invite from the Nott matriarch. The elder embraced the younger immediately and there started a close relationship that lasted until Elizabeth's death sixty years later. The very next day, after meeting Hermione, Elizabeth arranged for a witches day in Muggle London. They ran into Evelyn Granger after Hermione had had her hair done and the ladies were on their way from a facial. Evelyn had bumped into Hermione without recognizing her. "Oh, I'm so sorry! How clumsy of me," Evelyn cried. She turned to the dark haired woman, clearly the girls' mother. "Your daughter is lovely-" "Mother?" Hermione snapped. She couldn't believe that her own mother didn't recognize her. Evelyn turned back and recognized the annoyed mannerisms of her own daughter. "Hermione?" Hermione nodded then introduced the two ladies. "Mother, this is Elizabeth Nott. Elizabeth, my mother, Evelyn Granger." Evelyn sniffed. "Are you a …witch, too?" she whispered the word, but it was clearly stated with distaste. Elizabeth raised her chin and looked down the nose at the other. "I am." Hermione didn't want to sour the wonderful day, but she figured this was as good a time as any. "Mother, I'm getting married. Lady Nott is my soon to be mother-in-law." Evelyn didn't react; instead she appraised her daughter and nodded curtly. "Well, it seems engagement suits you. You look lovely. I'll arrange for you to visit your cousin in Athens for your dress-" "No, mother. Elizabeth will assist me with accoutrements of a traditional wizarding wedding. You may attend if you wish. Good day." The ladies walked away leaving a slightly dazed Evelyn Granger. (*) Theo and Hermione were only children who weren't sure if they wanted a large family or a small close knit group; what they got was a little of both. In order of birth: Melania and Cranfield (twins), Antony, Cora, Pavo, and Elizabetha were all Slytherin. Farah was sorted into Ravenclaw and little Montrose, last, but never least, a Gryffindor. The End.