There was a rapping on the door and the paper crane fell to the floor. "Claire? Are you in there?" Her mother's voice said clearly from the other side of the door. Claire stood, smoothed out her dress and then flushed the toilet before turning on the water and washing her hands. She would never tell her parents what had happened with the paper crane. They would never believe her. After the service was over, Claire and her parents drove to their small home together. She sat quietly in the backseat looking out the window convincing herself that she had imagined what happened earlier. She tuned out her parents voices as they discussed the homily from the two services today, lost in her own thoughts. All three were preoccupied as they entered their driveway, that they never noticed a large tawny owl perched on the roof of their home. When parking their car, the owl spread its large wings and silently flew away. "Sirius Black, you will sit down at the table and you will speak to your mother with the respect that she deserves." The commanding voice of Mr. Black came from the end of a long table in a relatively dark but large room. "I won't sit here and listen to this-" Sirius barked back at him. "Such disrespect!" Mrs. Black's harsh voice shot through the room while she sat at the opposite end of the table cutting through a piece of roast beef. "Your first-born son, who we do everything for, talks to me like this all day." "I wonder where I learned that from." Sirius said sarcastically pushing his plate of food away from himself, "I only listen to both of you talk in a disrespecting tone about other witches, wizards, and muggles on a consistent basis." "Don't you dare use that word in my home!" Mr. Black's voice boomed as he stood. Sirius swallowed and looked down at the table. "We are pure-blood." Mrs. Black seethed, "We are wizards. We are superior to the non-magical." "No." Sirius said through gritted teeth. "Do you know what I found in your son's room today?" Mrs. Black said becoming more angry by the minute. "Muggle posters, on his wall. Pictures of muggle women!" The disgust she felt was clear through her tone of voice. Sirius sat in silence. Only a few more days until he could head to his first year at Hogwarts. Only a few more days of having to be around his intolerable family. Time seemed to creep by as slowly as it possibly could as he waited for his opportunity for freedom. "I burned them all." Mrs. Black said pointing at her son, "However, every day he keeps finding more. Bringing that filth into our home. Tarnishing the Black family name!" "Let me just cut to the end of this conversation," Sirius looked at his mother, "I will continue to bring those posters into my room. I don't care about tarnishing the Black family name. Lastly, do you want to know why I have pictures of muggle women in my room?" "Sirius, don't speak to your mother using that tone" His father said loudly trying to cut him off. "It's because I think they're attractive!" He yelled over his father and stood up to face his mother who was shaking with anger. "Get out of my dining room!" She yelled at him pointing toward the stairs. "Gladly!" Sirius stomped out of the dark dining room and toward his room. He slammed the door behind him and threw himself on his bed. The fights with his family were continuing to get worse. This was not the first day this week that he would go to bed hungry. It was definitely not the first day this week that he had interrupted the Black family dinner with a screaming match with his parents. He got off his bed and pulled opened a drawer in his room that had socks in it. He shifted the sock to the side to reveal pictures. The pictures were all different shapes and sizes. Some were from magazines, others had been torn out of books, and some were posters that he had bought while wandering around local shops. His mother would be horrified to see the collection of muggle images that he had brought into this house. The Black family were proud of their heritage. Pure-blood, that's what they referred to themselves as. Sirius didn't see anything to be proud of when he looked at the Black family tree. Cousins marrying cousins, that's all he saw. When you are desperately trying to keep your blood pure, there aren't many options when it comes to continuing the family line. He wondered if it was inbreeding or just paranoia that had led his family to become this adamant in their hatred toward non-magical people. The superiority that they felt toward the world around them was palpable from a young age. His parents were in control of who he socialized with, which meant he had only been able to spend time with other family members or other pure-blood families who shared similar deplorable values. At a young age, Sirius began to reject the values he had been taught. He realized that there was nothing righteous in feeling superior to others. Since he had gotten his letter to Hogwarts, his parents had been spending more and more time 'educating' him on whom he should socialize with. They spent time telling him about the other children his age who have Slytherin heritage, because they were determined to see him placed in the same house they were as children. Sirius pulled some muggle tape from inside of one of his socks and began to tape more pictures to the walls. He opened the door to his room and taped a large poster of a popular muggle celebrity in a bikini to the outside of his door, knowing he would do everything he could to never turn into his parents.