let's see, you're courageous like your father, a true Griffyndor. Yet you have that snarky side to you like your mother, a sly Slytherin indeed," The hat talked to me and all the while I thought about my new friends and how I wanted to be anywhere but with Malfoy in Slytherin. "But oh! What have we here? You also share attributes most seen in Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws! Quite a perfect match for each house, this is my most difficult sorting yet! Now let's see, where would you shine brightest...hmmm...I know." He yelled loud and clear but I still couldn't believe it. "RAVENCLAW!" Everyone cheered and while I headed to the Ravenclaw table I wondered if my parents would be proud. "Harry Potter!" I snapped out of my musings and looked up. I forgot Harry still had to be sorted. I crossed my fingers in hopes that he wouldn't be put in Slytherin either. Sure my sister was a Slytherin, but not everyone else was like her; and my sister wouldn't be able to protect him from those big bullies all the time. Please anything but Slytherin! "GRIFFYNDOR!" I almost cried out in joy but managed to contain it and just clap. At least he was with friends. I turned to see him walk over to the others, with a big smile plastered on his face. He looked up towards me and gave a sad smile, I smiled and mouthed to him, 'Good job, Griffyndor.' He smiled and sat down. Dumbledore gave another short speech and the feast began. As I nibbled on a roll, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned to find a girl with long blonde hair and a sweet smile. "Hello, Welcome to Ravenclaw! I'm Luna Lovegood." "Bambi McCarthy." "I absolutely adore your name, it's super cute." "Thank you." I smiled and the both of us talked until it was time to head to the dorm rooms. Instead of following the other first year Ravenclaws and prefects. I went with Luna and we continued talking until we got to the Ravenclaw common room. "I've had so much fun, Luna." She smiled at me, "I did too, Bambi. Well, see you tomorrow!" She skipped up the stairs while I stayed in the common room for a bit longer. After a while I heard the Portrait door open and saw the Ravenclaw Prefect, Penelope Clearwater, come in with the first years. "McCarthy, there you are! Your sister was looking for you. She's waiting for you outside, see what she wants then head up to your room, your sharing with Luna Lovegood, Cho Chang and me." I nodded and exited out of the crowded common room. My sister was standing there, arms crossed. She looked around her seeing if anybody was around then smiled and pulled me into a bear hug "Wahoo! My baby sister's a Ravenclaw. Mom and Dad are gunna be excited about that!" "Really?! But you said earlier-" She let me go, and gave me a big grin, "Bambs, they'd be happy even if you were a Hufflepuff! I know I'm proud of ya!" I blushed a bit, but beamed at my sister's comment. "Hey kid, I gotta go. It's almost time for curfew and I still need to see Fred." She handed me my money pouch, saying it was for emergency's only, kissed me on the forehead and hugged me one last time before running off. I walked back in to the common room and saw Penelope sitting on the couch. She looked up and smiled. "Good you're done, now I can show you were our room is." She got up and went to the stairwell on the right, "Girls are on the right, boys on the left it's the same with every house, remember that." I nodded as we continued up the stairs we were almost to the top of the tower when she stopped in front of a door. "This is our room, that door over there leads to a balcony that overlooks the lake. It's quite the view." She pointed at the other door. She knocked on the door in front of us then entered. I followed her in finding an Asian girl lying on the bed closest to the door, reading a magazine. Next to her the bed wasn't currently occupied but there was a picture of a dorky looking, ginger boy I didn't know so I assumed that was Penelope's bed. Across from that one, Luna was propped against her pillows reading the Quibbler, and the bed next to her was an empty bed; except for the fact that Bella was sleeping in the middle of it. There were pictures on the bedside table that I recognized. "So this one's mine, I presume?" I walked over to the pictures, picking up the picture of me, Bella, Sam, and her snake Ash. "Yep your sister brought them over for you. That was pretty nice of her, for a Slytherin anyway." She walked over to her own bed, as I placed the picture down. The Asian girl closed her magazine, looked up at me and smiled, "Hello, you must be Bambi McCarthy. I'm Cho Chang. It's very nice to meet you." I smiled back, "It's nice to meet you as well Cho Chang." "Please, call me Cho." "Okay." Luna looked up from her Quibbler and smiled in my direction, "Hello again Bambi." I walked over and sat on my bed, careful of Bella. "Hey." "Alright girls, it's lights out time. McCarthy, here's your schedule for tomorrow. You have most of the same classes as Luna so she'll be able to show you were you need to go, but the ones you don't just ask a prefect or Professor and they'll point you in the right direction." Penelope handed me a piece of Parchment, I nodded and she smiled, "Night kiddo." She ruffled my hair and went back to her bed, Cho turned off the lights and I fell asleep instantly.