Yvaine headed to another war zone to try and find a Nundu graveyard, a rumored place where the most dangerous magical creatures on Earth, The Nundu, came to die not unlike the noble elephants. This time she was headed to the Congo, an often lawless place filled with blood, and greed. Upon arriving by troop transport dressed as a reporter, she headed off into the warzone around Jadotville. Once manned by Irish UN peacekeepers, Jadotville had become a camp for members of Tshombe's forces and behind Jadotville a dense forest existed where there were rumors of a Nundu graveyard where elderly and dying Nundu would come from across Africa to expire. "This is extraordinary." Yvaine whispered as she witnessed a wounded mother Nundu and her cub enter the Graveyard. The cub pulled at its mother hungry for milk but the mother had been hit by a white phosphorous artillery round and was close to death. The mother collapsed and let out a cloying shuddering breath and was still. The cries of the orphaned Nundu wrenched at Yvaine's heart and she climbed out of her tree and scanned the deceased mother with her trusty Luger wand. She learned how to synthesize Nundu milk and created a bottle for the little cub. Wary but very hungry, the little Nundu toddled over and started to feed. To Yvaine's joy, the little cub fed hungrily and finished with a soft belch. Sated the cub nuzzled up to Yvaine and fell asleep. Yvaine sat in the Graveyard just holding the young cub through the night. Morgana, still in raven form, watched in awe as during the night the Spirits of the Great Nundu circled around a meditating Yvaine for hours until before dawn the largest and oldest of them all let out a terrifying roar and left a massive Nundu pawmark on Yvaine's back which shrank to a paw print on her left and right forearm. In the morning a magical native came upon Yvaine coming out of the Graveyard with a sleeping Nundu cub and the Legend of Mama Nundu was born. Standing tall with silvery hair and steel grey eyes and a flashing Luger pistol, Yvaine and her Nundu familiar Leonidas became a legend to any of the mercenaries who dared to attack them.. One day, the day before she left for home, she was attacked by a group of very drunk Russian military advisors on her way to her camp. She had killed six and wounded four when surprisingly , a tall , shadowy figure with a bastard sword , materialized out of the darkness and beheaded her last attacker who had been about to shoot her in the head. A soft musical Scottish burr came from the figure, "Watch yourself lass, those bloody Russians are nae tae be messed with." Yvaine pointed her Luger at the figure and scowled into the dark. "Step out into the light or I'll shoot!" A man dressed in Muggle British DPM pattern camouflage stepped out into the moonlight with the bastard sword slung over his back and a Browning High Power pistol at his side. A worn tan beret perched jauntily on top of his head atop dark close cropped auburn hair. Yvaine lets out a low whistle upon seeing the tan beret and distinctive unit badge, "Special Air Service. Merlin damn it." The man chuckles and says genially, "Aye, but no worries lass. I'm retired from that and am just a wandering mercenary. Liam Grant, at your service lass." He extended his hand in a basilisk hide tactical glove. Yvaine took it and shook it. "Yvaine Dreyfuss at yours, sir. So mercenary eh? And what's with the sword and the obviously basilisk hide gear?" Liam laughed. "You got me there lass. I'm magical aye. My mum is non-magical from Cardiff in Wales while my father is a pureblood from the Highlands. We are a very secretive family and we never bought into that blood purity bullshit that ol' Grinders waffled on about." Yvaine found herself laughing at the way Liam talked about her father, for David and Elaine had explained the Bloodline test to her. "Gellert Grindelwald and Albus Dumbledore are my biological parents. "She said quietly. Liam stopped laughing and said in a shocked voice, "Ye're shittin' me. " At her head shake his eyebrows shot into the air and he sat down on a stump. "Sweet Morgana's tits ye're not joking. Damn lass, that's some fooked up ancestry right there .But you seem alright to me, lass." He offered her a flask of alcohol and she took a swig. "Damn, that's smooth! What is this stuff?" Liam slapped his thigh and said, "That there is the magical side of the Glenfiddich Distillery. It's called Breath of the White Stag, in honor of the avatar of the Blessed God of the Hunt. My family the Grants along with the Muggle Gordons produce it." Yvaine and Liam talked until dawn when Leonidas the little Nundu walked up dragging a dead hyena. Leonidas immediately took a liking to Liam and curled up in between Liam and Yvaine. Ten months later after many owls back and forth, Liam came to visit Yvaine in France where the Dreyfuss's had relocated to after the War. He came to ask David for permission to formally court Yvaine. David was thoroughly impressed with combination of Pureblood and Muggle noble etiquette that Liam displayed as he showed up in full Special Air Service dress uniform. After Elaine and David spent two hours talking to Yvaine in private , they all came out and said that there was no need to court and they could go even further and sign a formal betrothal contract if Liam wished. Liam and Yvaine signed the contract in blood and sealed it with a kiss, making David and Elaine very happy. A year later in 1966 they conceived a child who they knew was destined for greatness. This story is his and that of The Boy-Who-Lived.