last several months have been more than kind to her, but Hermione was itching to get out on her own and see the world. As kindhearted as Severus was underneath his façade, it was the need for exploration that rekindled the everlasting flame. She just had to get out. Biting her lip again, a startling thought occurred to her. As luxurious as a lifestyle as she's had, she wondered about her classmates. She knew very well that Harry was no doubt studying to be an Auror and Ronald finally found fame in Quidditch. With a vague, yet determined memory, Hermione thought back to the time when she actually cared for the boy. Speaking of apologizes, there was an assured apology if she ever had the chance to see him again. Along with that, there was another person that she believed would do well with a piss-poor excuse and that involved leaving him in Paris with no chances of escaping. Hermione knew she had to reconcile with Harry if she ever wished to be friends with him again. When she brought this up with Severus, he stopped rearranging the furniture to look at her. "Have you spoken to Mr. Potter about this?" he asked, raising his wand once more and watching as a tray of small sandwiches, assorted cakes and tea levitated toward them. They sat down and welcomed the peaceful setting. Each took a plateful of treats and sipped on their tea until the silence was overwhelming. Hermione cleared her throat, sat her plate down and said," Well, no." Severus raised a brow. "How do you know he will be up for the occasion?" "I don't." "I see." He paused then. "I supposed he has yet to contact you, yes? How long as it been? Two, three months?" "Something like that…" she said, wrapping her fingers around the china. "Though, it feels like it's been half a year. He's joined the force, you know. Associating with me won't look so good on his resume and he'll still be mad about what happened back in Paris." "Have you tried to contact him?" "Of course!" Hermione shook her head. She had sent him so many owls that every inch should have been covered in feathers and letters. Despite reaching out to him, arriving to his various flats without notice and even stalking his workplace in hopes to see him, Harry hasn't budged. In fact, she has reason to believe that he's moved because of her obsessive behavior. It's the lowest blow that her heart and ego has ever had. She didn't think he'd ever want to see him. "I don't need him. As long as I have you and..." "Hermione," She looked up at the sound of her name like some canine," I believe you know what's right in this situation. You don't need me telling you what to do." "If you had gotten into an argument with Professor Dumbledore-" "Albus would have acted as if nothing occurred between us." He stated simply. "I could have flipped the school upside down and he'd come out acting as if it was of natural occurrence. The point is, don't let this continue. Find Potter and apologize. If my assumptions are correct, he'll forgive you and you both can finally move on. Now, are we quite done? I'd like to enjoy my snack before we go back to brewing." "Are you sure?" she asked nervously. Severus shrugged then glanced at her before standing up. He drew closer to the cauldron she had completely left unattended. Just when he was about to recite the importance of never leaving a brew, Hermione jumped up and poked him with the rounded end of her wand. He looked down at her with a deadly glare. "What was that for?" he hissed. "For being a complete dunderhead!" she yelled angrily "For the sake of my safety and yours- "he plucked the wand from her hand and placed it on the table,"- I refuse to let you partake in anything that may lead to your death and I hereby suspend you from using your wand or any instruments you may find in this room. I see now that safety is the upmost importance, especially with you. In fact, you're on probation until Monday morning. During which time, I hope you find the absurdity of not listening to my instructions and I sincerely hope that you see the error of your ways during the Holiday." Hermione's eye widened. "W-what?" She felt the effects of it before the strands reached her. Though, he wouldn't dare take her wand from her, Severus looked hell-bent on allowing her the continued use of his labs. Hermione angrily watched as the tendrils became a soundless strand as it reached over and connected both their wrists together in one unbreakable bond. How dare he even make the Vow in such a way that would limit her for the entire weekend? Breathing out heavily, she looked him in the eye and cursed before stepping away. "I hate you," she whispered, her brow furrowed into a permanent state of annoyance. "As I'm sure," he recited, amusement laced in his voice as he leaned up against the table and looked at her. "It gives me plenty of time to get ready for supper and take you out without worrying you blowing up the place in my absence." Hermione lifted her head. "Truly?" she whispered, already recovering from the downpour of him bestowing such a harsh sentence. Severus finally smiled. It was a beautiful, enchanting sight and it took Hermione's breath away every time he did it. Reaching out, he pulled her into a tight hug and sighed. Frustrated or not, he was happy that she hadn't killed herself. Though, she could tell that he was still angry at her, it was the thought of spending time together before their lives changed forever that melted her heart. Hermione clung to him, imaging just how wonderful the stone would look on her finger.