answer is a little more complex. Are you wanted by the Ministry, short answer no. Are you wanted by others? That is a more likely possibility." She took a long sip of her tea, not sure of how to react. "Am I in danger?" "At the present moment, no. But..." "But what?" "If we were able to find you, the others might be able to find you." "Who is we?" "The Order." "Of the Phoenix?" He smiled. "And you came by this information, how?" "I have my sources." "Very well." They discussed a few disjointed items that she had wondered about the wizarding world. Finally she asked the question that had been vexing her since he first began to explain himself. "Sir?" "What was my name?" "Formerly Janelle Fawley." Albus saw that this name was not foreign to her. But he wasn't able to tell how or why that was. She gave a sigh of relief before quickly thinking, "Formerly?" "You had recently gotten married before you disappeared." "And... And my husband?" "Regulus Black." She let out a breath of surprise. The young man preserved in the vials near her bed. The man who in memories had kept her company, kept her safe from the unknown threats all these years. "Presumed missing or dead along with you, but I have the suspicion of the latter." She looked crestfallen, he patted her hand. "I'm sorry my dear." "Do, do I have any other family?" "Your father died not too long after you had gone missing. Dragon pox is harder on older wizards." "Oh, um, what was his name?" "Hector Fawley." "An ex Minister of Magic. He, he resigned after Gridenwald was defeated." She stared at him in disbelief. "After, after you defeated Gridenwald. Mr. Fawley , my father , hadn't taken the threat seriously, or at least that is was the history books say." "Yes. He did resigned after that. He also was busy finding a suitable wife. He end up marrying a few different times then having children, you and your brother later in life." "Brother?" "Yes, yes older brother Sean." "Sean Fawley." His name made her lips tingle. She wasn't alone. "How much older?" "About 5 years. He had a child, Sullivan, he is enrolled at Hogwarts currently." "What house?" "Hufflepuff." "Pureblood or half-blood?" His eyes darken and she covered her mouth. It was almost like a reflex that she couldn't help. "That was rude, never mind." "I'm really not sure. Blood purity is not Hogwarts agenda or criteria for new students." He scolded her, she didn't really know why that question had come out. She couldn't really remember meeting another magical being before this point. She was basically as capable as a muggleborn . God, why did that thought churn her stomach? "It may be wise to have you return to the wizarding world." "To see my brother?" He patted her hand. "All in due time." Later while reviewing her letters, she found the names that perpetually running through her mind the last few hours. She had knew that she had seen some of these names before, and suddenly these entries in elegant script held much more meaning than previously. 1980: Albus Dumbledore – Titles: Headmaster at Hogwarts, Supreme Mugwump, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot Allegiance: Hogwarts, International Confederation of Wizards, Ministry of Magic and Order of the Phoenix Opinion: Trustworthy The Fawley Family – Titles: Purebloods, ex affiliation of Ministry of Magic due to resignation of Hector Fawley Allegiance: Mixed. Haughty purebloods, but stood indifferent to the rise of The Dark lord, except for Janelle Fawley. Opinion: Questionable The Black Family - Titles: Purebloods, Noble House of Black, Dark wizards Allegiance: Mixed. A majority are Deatheaters and pureblood extremists, except Sirius Black. The only one not afraid to stand up for what was right. Opinion: Hopefully redeemable No question that, she gulped, Regulus had composed these various lists. But now, this one really did make an impact. The wrong crowd, the very one her and her apparent husband had fell in: Deatheaters. (Current timeline: January 1996) She shivered as the Dark Lord released her from her mind. He stood up and smiled down at her beaten body. "You might be of some value yet." He gestured for Narcissa and Bellatrix to come closer. "Feed her and make sure she stays breathing. We will continue this get together at another time." He disappeared with a crack and Bellatrix let out of eerie laugh. Janelle twitched slightly hearing the familiar laugh. Her laughter had always led to something horrible. "Cissy, let's get cleaned up and eat something. I'm absolutely ravished after today's events." Bellatrix cackled again before trouncing up the stone steps. Narcissa waited for her sister's silhouette to disappear before she waved her wand. "Episkey." Narcissa whispered. Janelle moaned as her bones cracked, resetting themselves. What Janelle would kill for a glass of water, her lips were beyond chapped. But she was wheezed again, trying to chuckle. Who was she kidding? She was bound to die here. Narcissa kneed down next to Janelle's still bruised body, her brow furrowed. The poor girl was going to be tortured again and again until the Dark Lord was satisfied. A fate worse than death. If Narcissa had the courage she would put her cousin's poor wife out of her misery, but she did not. She had a family to think of, while Janelle did not. "I hadn't meant for our reunion to end with your demise. I am sorry Janelle." "Cissy, leave the traitor be. We can feed her later." Bellatrix called from the floor above. "Coming Bella." And like that Narcissa Malfoy was gone. Janelle was alone once again. **I came back and added some dates to the first few chapters to alleviate some confusion about certain scenes. Everything after date should be of the same timeline, so if I put current, it is a present time until I indicate the past and so forth. Sorry if this explanation sucks.