the bottom of the portrait and settle next to the lioness. The new common room was gorgeous, as was Hermione's new sun facing room with large bay windows opening out onto a secret terrace garden that truly was magical. She knew she would be completely comfortable here. As for the mystery around who the Head Boy was, she still was none the wiser. The colour scheme gave nothing away as the whole common room was decorated in neutral shades of brown and crème and it was only Hermione's personal quarters that reflected her house colours of red and gold. Hermione was certain that her new roommate entered the common room whilst she was outside on the terrace, but by the time she had gone back inside she could hear a shower running from the next room. Hermione sat down on her new bed and sighed, enjoying the peace and quiet, just listening to the shower running until her peace was ruined by a large owl pecking on her window with its beak, an envelope strapped to its leg. She did not recognise the bird, but let it in nevertheless. The creature swooped in, let Hermione untie its load and it was gone again into the dark. The letter-sized package felt heavy in her hand, more so than just a single piece of parchment would have done. Curious to see what was inside the envelope, Hermione tore into the corner and slid the contents out over her bed sheets. What she saw splayed out in front of her was enough to make her turn ghostly pale and shake in anger. Sprawled out over her bed were several images of Ron in a small alcove with a woman and they were in the process of undressing each other. With the images was a very brief handwritten note: I just thought you should know how your boyfriend is spending his first night back in the castle. Hermione was horrified, but instead of being sad and mournful like she probably should have been, she was just filled with blind anger. She had not been happy in her relationship with the youngest Weasley male, yet she had not done anything about it through not wanting to hurt his feelings – they had been best friends since first year after all – but this…this clearly showed that Ron had not bothered to show Hermione the same decency. And he'd been the one to get mad earlier about Malfoy poking her arm of all things. She furiously gathered up all the images and threw them on her desk, who on earth would send her photographs like this? Somebody concerned for her happiness, or someone just trying to be destructive and make her miserable? Either way, she would try and forget about them for now. The shower had stopped running and the bathroom was now vacated which meant she could finally take a shower of her own. She stripped out of her robes in record speed time, desperate to feel the warm water trickling on her skin, and quickly entered the bathroom through the door that took her into the shared space – clearly the Head Boy had his own entrance that led in through his own room. Once she was under the water she felt all the tension in her body just melt away, it was pure heaven and it enabled her to view the Ron situation with a clear head. They needed to break up, that was clear to her now, things just hadn't been working for a multitude of reasons and they just weren't suited to being a couple at all. But first, Hermione almost wanted to make Ron suffer for daring to cheat on her. Nothing majorly damaging, but something enough to make it clear that nobody treated her in such a way as he had, regardless of how long they'd been friends for. Hermione turned off the water after she'd finished her cleaning routine, stepped out the shower and wrapped herself in a fluffy white towel she found hanging up on the heated towel rail. She sang quietly to herself as she wandered back into her room before cursing, realising her trunk containing all of her belongings was still in the common room outside as she'd forgotten to bring it through earlier. She wrapped the towel more tightly around herself before gingerly stepping into the warm room, not taking her eyes off the floor, sneaking towards her trunk, hoping if she stayed quiet there was no reason anybody would hear her and come investigate. Unfortunately for her, Hogwarts's new Head Boy was currently sat in front of the fire, shirtless, curled up in an armchair, a book on his knee and his semi damp blond hair flopped down in front of his eyes as he read. He looked up at the sound of the Head Girls door opening and was shocked to see Hermione Granger, the Gryffindor Princess, trying to slip by unnoticed and unheard across the room, wearing nothing but a towel. She was still wet from her shower and her normally bushy hair was thrown up into a bun as it dried with a few loose tendrils draping down the back of her neck. She was every guys fantasy at that very moment and he was not the sort of man to not appreciate a half-naked woman in the same room as him. He watched her bend over the trunk to try and find the best way to lift it without letting her towel fall with a smirk before deciding to make his presence known. "Nice arse, Granger." Hermione was so shocked she forgot to hold onto her towel as she straightened up and spun around to see where the voice had come from. There was a collective gasp that hung in the air as Hermione Granger stood there, completely naked, in front of the ex-Death Eater and the boy who had bullied her mercilessly since she was eleven; Draco Malfoy.