a celebration of victory. Harry Potter was surrounded by well wishers. Aquila eyed the Malfoys who looked particularly out of place, and decided to sit at the same table at a safe distance. Parents poured into the hall to reunite with and collect their children. At the end of the day Aquila joined the students taking the train into London and began the long journey to the Deadlocke house. Unreachable by floo since the war began and unplottable so the Knight Bus could not find it, the manor had its own tiny island off of the Cornish coast. If not for being perfectly capable of catching the ferry at Penzance to the Isles of Scilly and being capable of transfiguring a usable row boat to get to Deadlocke Isle, the house may have been unreachable. The Deadlocke's had long done their very best to go unnoticed by any local populations since taking over the island in the late 1700's. The old granite castle was empty of inhabitants. Not even the house-elf seemed to be home. There were still breakfast dishes from months ago on the table. A feeling of resignation settled over Aquila. Her parents weren't here, and they had not been for quite some time. With a wave of her wand she hooked the floo-network up and removed the anti-owl wards. There was no need to be cut off from the rest of the world. As a child Aquila had always admired the calm atmosphere of the Deadlocke house. Her father would read her and her brother stories in the sitting room by the fire and her mother would come in and listen after a long day of work at St. Mungo's. As soon as Leon was old enough, he would curl up by the fire with a book of his very own. The library had long ago reached full capacity, and the sitting area and even the staircase were filled with books. As a family of reclusive readers and spell creators, the small ballroom held a duelling platform with targets and quite a bit of dust instead of an actual dancing floor. Aquila did not sleep in the house on her first night back. The castle was cold, with a lingering feeling of recent inhabitants. The next day she made her way into to Diagon Alley. She very carefully choose common day robes and a cloak that would cover her head if necessary to blend in. The Leaky Cauldron was packed with people, but Diagon Alley itself was still more than half empty of stores. Gringotts looked like it was doing some reconstruction on it's roof, and the goblins all seemed extremely annoyed. The queue was extremely long, and started outside of the bank. It took a good hour to reach the front of the line. "I wish to make a balance inquiry, a withdrawal, and a conversion of about 50 galleons to pounds." Aquila stated. "Name?" asked the goblin, sounding bored. "Aquila Deadlocke." "Key?" Aquila produced her key. It had taken an hour to find the main vault key in her father's study. The goblin very carefully inspected the key. "Ironfang, escort Ms. Deadlocke to Stonebane's office." "Is something wrong?" Aquila asked as a grim looking goblin escorted her from the counter down a long marble hallway. Ironfang did not deign to reply, and left her at the office of Stonebane. "Come in Ms. Deadlocke." called the goblin. Aquila entered the office and sat primly on the chair in front of the goblin's desk. "May I ask what this is about? I merely came to do some ordinary business…" "Ms. Deadlocke, the war has claimed a number of lives. This makes the process of inheritance a bit… tricky." Stonebane gave her a somewhat frightening smile, exposing a lot of teeth. "Are you aware that both of your parents are deceased?" Aquila sighed. "I am now. The house was empty. I'm not sure what happened to them…" "We do not know here at the bank how they died we merely know that they have done so. Your brother, who traveled to America, suffered a quick death at the hands of a hidebehind last month." Aquila sucked in a breath. "My brother is dead?" "Yes," the goblin replied unsympathetically. Aquila's mind began to spin. There was a reason that the house felt so empty. She was the last Deadlocke. "Are you aware that your mother was a LeStrange?" Stonebane asked. "Of course, though it is not something that was brought up frequently in my household since she was disowned for marrying my father." Aquila said coldly. "She was never officially disowned. None of the LeStranges survived the Battle of Hogwarts, leaving you the closest heir to the LeStrange fortune." Aquila barely restrained herself from sneering at the name. "Before you respond, consider that the entire fortune will either be claimed by the ministry… or the Malfoy's if you do not accept it." "Very well. And what does excepting this fortune entail?" she managed to get out. "Quite a bit of paperwork and a good deal of money." "Then perhaps we had better get started." Aquila replied. Several hours later, Aquila had completed all of her business at Gringotts and was in the possession of rather a large fortune acquired through dubious means, as well as a fortune she never would have been entitled to if her brother had loved. Without having to do much math, she knew that the LeStrange fortune made her one of the wealthiest people in England. Annoyed at spending so much of her day at the bank, Aquila made her way to Flourish and Blotts to purchase new reading material. She had a feeling that it was going to be a very long summer. Hopefully by the end of it she would be able to take her O. and return to Hogwarts. A/N: I'll warn you now that I'm not sure where I'm going with this but I have a few more chapters already written.