a moment to yourself, the kids are out with their Grandmother and your husband is in his study working on his latest case. Yes, you heard me correctly. Husband and children. Something I wouldn't let myself even dream about, especially after Ron and I broke up. Although he and I are still good friends, I just didn't think the day would come that I would meet someone I could spend the rest of my life with. And as if I didn't have enough reasons to love Flourish and Blotts, I love it even more now. "What are you daydreaming about over here?" I heard as he wrapped his strong arms around my waist. I chuckled. "Just thinking about how much I love Flourish and Blotts. I thought you had case paperwork that needed to be filled out today?" I said as I turned my head and leaned my face into the side of his neck. "Of course you were, love. Well, Potter sent the rest of his completed work and I finished organizing the case notes. So, all there is left to do is finish two forms and then look it over. And with the kids out, I figured we could have some time alone." I chuckled and held his arms as he kissed my head. "That sounds nice, although I recall your mother saying that she would have them back before three. It is currently two fifteen, love." He sighed and shook his head. "Well, it looks like they're going to have to visit my mother for a weekend." I chuckled and rolled my eyes. "They could, but remember, we are going to have plenty of alone time when they go to Hogwarts." He nodded and then kissed my neck. "That is true, love." We stood there for about twenty minutes, just relaxing and enjoying our time together. Then the front door opened and in ran a six year old and a four year old. Narcissa following behind them with a massive smile on her face. The two of them, Scorpius and Cassia, headed straight for the kitchen and Narcissa stopped to greet us. We all hugged and she let out a chuckle. "Well, those two are bundles of energy. They must get it from Draco, because Scorp is just like him." She said with a shake of her head. "I'm still hoping that Cassia turns out like, Mia. That would be perfect." Draco said with a chuckle. Narcissa and I both just shook our heads with an eye roll. He has been saying that since we found out we were expecting a girl. "You should stay for dinner, we can all catch up a bit." I said giving Narcissa's hand a squeeze. She smiled and nodded. "I would love that, darling." -2023- Nine Years Later Seventeen years, that's how long I've been with my wonderful husband. We have four children, Scorpius, Cassia, and the twins Leo and Carina. Two of our children are already at Hogwarts. Scorpius is fifteen and Cassia is thirteen. Sometimes it feels like just yesterday that they were born, other's it feels like a lifetime ago. Our twins, Leo and Carina, they're eight years old. They were the surprise babies. We weren't trying for more, so it was a surprise when we found out that I was pregnant. And then, it was even more surprising when we discovered that we were having twins. The day we brought them home was the day we realized just how crazy our life was going to get. We had a seven year old, a five year old, and now two newborns. If it wasn't for Narcissa and Draco, I think I would've lost my mind. Despite the hard times, and the even harder times, we pulled through it. Draco is still the head of the Auror Department and Magical Law Enforcement Department, I am an author and I occasionally teach classes at Hogwarts, much to the chagrin of my two oldest, and we still live in the same house Draco renovated about three years after the war. It is on the Malfoy Manor's grounds, but far enough away that the Manor looks like a normal sized home. Leo and Carina get to visit with their Grandmother whenever they want and have taken it upon themselves to search for new magical species on the grounds. I'll never tire of seeing them read old books trying to identify the plant they picked up while they were out with Grandmother. The war changed everyone and everything. Some, like Draco and myself, thought that our baggage that stuck with us after would prevent us from finding that happy and full life that we so desperately wanted. But it is not impossible. We are living proof of that. The Wizarding World as a whole is proof of it. Just because of something terrible and traumatic happened to you, it doesn't mean you can't have the life you always dreamt of living. In some ways, it brought Draco and I closer together. We understood things about each other that some wouldn't have been able to. And together, we got through it. As I sit here, watching Draco teach Leo and Carina Quidditch techniques, I can't help the overwhelming sense of love and pride. The horrible and vile boy I once knew at Hogwarts was now a loving, sweet, caring, joyful man. A man who has brought me happiness and four amazing children. Although I know that I should tell them it is dinner time, I can't bring myself to spoil their fun. The smiles on their faces, the furrowed brow on Carina's face as she tries to focus on the snitch, the brow that Draco say's she got from me. And the smirk on Leo's face as he watches his twin sister catch the snitch before Draco, the smirk he definitely gets from Draco. I can let them have a little more fun before I call them in, dinner will keep well. THE END.