the classroom right across the hall, so not to try anything. Needless to say, we didn't plan on it. Then, things never quite go as planned when Potter is involved, do they? We worked in silence for a few minutes, and the time passed slowly. I was still scrubbing an old quidditch trophy a bit too forcefully when James spoke with an even bigger smirk than was usual. "So, Simmons," He started neutrally like he was trying to make small talk, although I got the distinct impression that I wasn't going to like the next part of that sentence. Potter allowed himself to smirk slightly before finishing with, "I didn't know you were a fan of Warbeck." It should be said that I don't make a habit of assaulting people in the same House as me, but somehow still, three seconds later there was blood gushing from Potter's nose, and I was rubbing my knuckles and wincing. Apparently, Professor Chambers hadn't been kidding about the teacher across the hall, because we heard a door fly open immediately following James' shout. Well, shit. Professor Lupin rushed into the room, wand out. "What the hell?!" James demanded, trying to stop the flow of blood from his nose. He certainly wasn't smirking anymore. Professor Lupin glanced between the two of us. "Yeah, what the hell?" He asked, though it seemed to be directed towards James. I gulped. "He got a bloody nose." It was worth a try. Before Professor Lupin had time to respond, James cut in: "She attacked me!" Professor Lupin seemed to be trying to assess the situation. "Wait, you - What?!" He took a breath in an attempt to regain his composure, and then turned back toward James. "Did you provoke her?" "I - No! I just... questioned her musical judgement," James testified, "And then she attacked me," he accused. Well, I can't say he was lying, but it was a bit of a stretch. Professor Lupin connected the dots fairly quickly. "And did it have anything to do with the Howler she received this morning?" Honestly, I always liked that me. I made a victorious face at James that I hoped Lupin couldn't see. James seemed to be at a loss. "Erm..." I just tried my best to look innocent. "Professor, he's been pranking me all week, and -" I was cut off. "But she attacked me!" "Well, he's the one who -" I started. "- With her bare hands -" He gestured wildly. "- front of the whole school-" "- broke my nose-" "- bloody Howler -" "- attacked - " Professor Lupin raised a hand, signaling for silence. Both of us reluctantly went quiet. The Professor sighed and ran a hand through his hair tiredly. "How many days of detention did McGonagall already give you two?" "Erm... Two weeks," I muttered sheepishly. I chose not to mention the fact that I'd earned myself another two days for throwing curses at Potter that morning. "Well, I think you could both stand another four days. Miss Simmons, maybe an extra three in light of his bloody nose." Bloody hell; at that rate there wouldn't be enough days in the school year for all my detentions. I didn't think I'd ever had that many detentions in one semester, no less in one month. "It's not my fault he's got a delicate nose," I grumbled. Professor Lupin coughed loudly, hiding his face. Potter looked affronted. "Don't laugh at me, Teddy!" He said indignantly. "Who's laughing?" Professor Lupin asked innocently. Potter muttered something along the lines of "Merlin, you can't trust anyone these days." "Care to share with the class Potter?" I asked, voice dripping with sarcasm. Apparently that had been a bad idea, because soon that insufferable smirk was barely visible beneath the blood on his face. "I said I'll see you in detention tomorrow." I groaned and left the room in a hurry after finishing the polishing without Potter's "help". I assume he was off tending to his broken nose, and that thought alone got me through the rest of the hour. Still, I practically sprinted out the door (and hit several students for my trouble) and spoke the password rather snappishly to the Fat Lady, who attempted to scold me for waking her. I ignored her and legged it to the stairs. I trudged up to my dorm in about the same mood I'd woken up in (which, if one recalls, was not a good one), and ignored my mates' inquiries about the blood on the knuckles of my right hand. "I hate detention!" I groaned dramatically after emerging from the bathroom in pyjamas. Sarah chuckled and glanced up from her Quidditch magazine. "It'd be a bit of an anomaly if you didn't, love," She pointed out. "Always with the logic," I muttered, crawling into bed. "It's 8:00 and you have homework to do," Bailey pointed out. I threw a pillow in her general direction and burrowed deeper into the covers, but ended up emerging from my blankets about five minutes later to finish my Herbology diagram and Transfiguration essay. I bid all my roommates a hasty, somewhat unenthusiastic goodnight, first making them promise to tell me if they saw any sign of a prank in the night, to which they groaned and accused me of falling subject to Potter-induced paranoia. Looking back, they had something of a case for it, too. Still I'd say it was justified, seeing as (just that day ) I'd been chased by a Howler screeching Warbeck, earned myself another week of detention, and given Hogwarts' golden boy a bloody nose. In hindsight that last part... May have been my fault. A/N: Like I said, reviews are the greatest thing in life, and favorites are absolutely amazing. Thanks so much for reading, and feel free to tell me if you have any suggestions or feedback. :) Edit: As of 5/26/27, this has been edited, so don't be alarmed if you notice changes. :) Thanks!