is it then?" "It's the first of May. The first of a new month. Have you actually been holed up here for two whole months?" she opened her mouth. closed her mouth. opened it again, before finding her voice. she blurted out the first question that hit her, the question that had bothered her since she had first started to get the hang of astoria's story. "Who told you this?" She paused again, searching for the words, and taking note of the slightly greenish look that came over astoria's face, the guilt that was there one moment and then gone the next. the beginning of suspicion brewed inside pansy, but she ignored it. "It's hard to think clearly in such a state, is it not? Who gave you this piece of—" she searched for words. "—wisdom?" she said finally, the familiar burning of shame back in her chest. astoria met her gaze. "An asshole seeking for redemption. A broken asshole who was tired of being an asshole and needing something whole." and in that moment, pansy knew. she knew who it was. she knew that she had no choice but to move on. two months. he had already found someone else. it didn't affect him; why should it affect her? "How?" she asked quietly, her grey gaze searching astoria's green orbs. "He was—he was the one who came to me and broke me out of my, say—stupor. I payed him back." She looked down, her brown hair creating a cascading halo over her face. "It was a almost a year ago." Silence. "It's been a year and a half," she said finally, her chest hurting, her heart hurting. she hated how she could not hate the lucky woman in front of her, and she hated how the hatred for him was replaced by faint emptiness. "He broke it off when I came to him, because I found no other place to go." she paused again. "If it's any consolation, he rejected me." she had to move on. there was nothing else to it. she could be the bitch seeking for redemption, just like how the asshole was seeking for redemption. she would stand once again. there was nothing else to it. [author's note:] eek, there's school tomorrow. i'm internally screaming because it's not fair. school started last tuesday, i think? for me (EST TIME) and the homework started piling up since the first day. and according to the teachers, it starts getting real the upcoming week. (and in the first week a three page story on parodies? and that was only the first week? and only one subject too. life sucks) i don't even know if i finished all my homework. ah well. so, there was this two-week challenge where we had to write a fanfiction each day for each one of kesha's songs in her newest album, and i've been pretty off from writing, so i decided, why the hell not? it's get me writing anyhow. and i'm sorry if the lowercase letters bothered anybody, but like i said, i'm a bitch for aesthetics. it's what keeps me neat and keeps me motivated to write (if that makes sense?) and okay, here's the important part. the following are the lyrics from "LET 'EM TALK" by KE$HA : [ you, you got your own opinions / but baby, I don't even need to hear 'em / it used to hurt me, used to bring me down do your worst, 'cause nothing's gonna stop me now / don't let those losers take your magic, baby, yeah / shake that ass, don't care if they talk about it / fuck all that, haters, just forget about 'em woah... just let 'em talk about it / woah... just let 'em talk about it / do your thing, don't care if we make 'em jealous / we're the kings, life is just our party palace woah... just let 'em talk about it / woah... just let 'em talk, just let 'em talk do whatever makes you happy / and screw everything else if you ask me, hey yeah / 'cause life is short and we only got one shot so let's go balls-out, give it everything we got / don't let those losers take your magic, baby, yeah shake that ass, don't care if they talk about it / fuck all that, haters, just forget about 'em / woah... just let 'em talk about it / woah... just let 'em talk about it do your thing, don't care if we make 'em jealous / we're the kings, life is just our party palace / woah... just let 'em talk about it / woah... just let 'em talk, just let 'em talk / let 'em talk about it, let 'em talk about it, let 'em talk / let them talk, just let 'em talk, just let 'em / let 'em talk about it, let 'em talk about it, let 'em talk/l et them talk boys and girls, everybody talks about you / loves and hates, they don't really know about you / i've decided all the haters everywhere can suck my dick / un, deux, trois, four / shake that ass, don't care if they talk about it / fuck all that, haters, just forget about 'em / woah... just let 'em talk about it / woah... just let 'em talk about it / do your thing, don't care if we make 'em jealous / we're the kings, life is just our party palace / woah... just let 'em talk about it / woah... just let 'em talk, just let 'em talk let 'em talk about it, let 'em talk about it, let 'em talk [x8] ] and based on these lyrics, who do you think i should do the next chapter about? any prompts? any character suggestions? i'd appreciate them greatly. like, seriously, i really need them. i need to find someone who can do those lyrics up top perfectly. on point. any ideas?