common room. She tells him to think of the example he's setting and shouldn't fight others. "Just because Cormac is a prat, doesn't mean-" "You're not….you're not going to be talking to Cormac anymore right?" Ron asks. She rolls her eyes and scoffs. "Honestly Ronald. Of course I'm going to be talking to a guy that parties with his friends on school nights and speaks of me like I have no pride." "What? I just want to make sure." He reaches behind to scratch the back of his neck in awkwardness because he can feel his face getting read again. "Guys like Cormac….they're pretty damn good looking and he's all strong and stuff and….I know you're not shallow like that but…." She looks at him, edging him to go on but he doesn't know what else to say. Hermione can't know that he's scared that she'll leave him for someone better. He meant what he said earlier, about her being able to have anyone else. She could have the greatest Seeker in the world or the Chosen One. Why would she even think about being with a guy like Ron? "Well I guess you can say Cormac's not really my type," Hermione says with a shrug. The entire sentence was so unlike her. It sounds like something that Lavender would say when she's flirting. He briefly considers that maybe, just maybe , she's flirting with him but he pushes it away because he's dating Lavender and Hermione would never flirt with a bloke like him. "Could've sworn your type were good Quidditch players," Ron jokingly says, quoting Parvati from a few weeks ago. She gives him an annoyed look but he shrugs. "I mean Krum is world class and Cormac….well, he's better than me you know?" She shakes her head. "Cormac's not on the Quidditch team. All he's good for is getting drunk on a school night." Ron raises an eyebrow and Hermione elaborates by saying, "He and his friends were drunk. Harry found crates of Firewhiskey in their room." He stands there in an awkward silence as Hermione picks up her bag that's leaning against her chair. She says, "Well I'm going to go to the library before breakfast. I need some more information on nonverbal spells." Ron nods, remembering that he never actually finished that essay and makes his way towards the staircase. A part of him wonders if maybe he and Hermione will start talking again but he remembers that things will probably revert back to the current normal once things start back up again with Lavender. "Oh, and Ron?" He turns around, a curious part of him wondering what she'll say. He sees Hermione, her face kind of red and an awkward look on her face. "Seamus told me about Cormac. And that Troy guy. He was drunk so he told me everything. So yeah, I know everything he said." No wonder she looks red. The things that Cormac said about her, they weren't pretty. He wants to tell her that he'll fight anyone who talks about her in such a demeaning way ever again, no matter what she says because making sure no one disrespects her is more important than his prefect duties. He'll gladly give his badge to Harry if it means that he can stop every crude rumor about Hermione. "I'm...I'm sorry for yelling about you. I know you meant well but I didn't know-" "It was stupid," he tells her because he knows that's what she wants to hear. "I shouldn't be picking fights. You're right, I'm a prefect. I should take it more seriously." For once, Hermione doesn't look pleased to hear that. She still has that awkward expression on her face and he doesn't know what he's supposed to say to get her to comfort her so Ron just stands there awkwardly. "I...I just want you to know…." She sucks in a deep breath and her pride to tell him, "Thank you. Thanks for doing something about Cormac. Even if I've been cold towards you the past few weeks, you still cared enough about me to get into a fight like that and….it means a lot. So thanks Ron." Ron smiles at her and she smiles back. There's a silent connection between them. He doesn't know what it is but he knows that he likes it. He likes just being there with her, even being a couple feet apart, in the silence of the morning with the world not knowing they're there. Because in that moment, they're not Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger: best friends of Harry Potter that are going to help stop Voldemort. Instead, they're just Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger: friends. A little hopeful part of his brain tells him they're a bit more but that's just the hopeful part. "No problem," he says because he cannot formulate any sentence that'll convey what he really means. So she nods, albeit with a growing smile and a red face, and leaves the common room. He walks up the staircase himself. It was actually a problem. He didn't finish his DADA essay, he spent the night in the hospital wing, and he's got bruises and scars so yes , it was quite a problem in hindsight but it's for Hermione. Ron will fight Cormac McLaggen every day and lose if it means that Hermione will keep looking at him like that. Author's Note: Okay, so this is my first one-shot and I hope it satisfies. I'm not entirely sure if the characters are ooc or not but I tried my best. Romione is my favorite ship and I got inspired after watching Half-Blood Prince clips. Yes, I could've written about Lavender but I don't find Lavender as good of an antagonist as Cormac. Cormac's arrogant personality suits the role. So if you're this far, I want to wish you a good day (or night, whatever). Please review or favorite or whatever the third option is that I can't remember.