he made lunch for the family. "I 'ave lived in England too long," she muttered but Bill heard her and he smiled. "What'd she even say?" Bill asked curiously. The only one who is easy to recognize is Bill, who poor man, is grievously scarred from an encounter with a werewolf and yet somehow (enchantment? Love Potion? Blackmail? Kidnap?) married the undeniably beautiful (though doubtless empty-headed) Fleur Delacour . Bill looked at his wife, who looked deeply offended. He'd like to say it was the jab against him supposedly not being worthy enough to marry her but he knew that it was the insult towards her intelligence. To lighten the mood, he asked, "So how do you think I seduced you? I personally think it was blackmail. I was never too good at Love Potions." "If it wasn't the fang earring, it was blackmail," Fleur remarked before continuing on to read the article. -o-O-o- Andromeda Tonks didn't like the Daily Prophet . She never forgot how during the Second Wizarding War, they printed nonsense that depicted Harry to be the bad guy. She decided from that point on she would never allow her grandson Teddy Lupin to be exposed to the poison the Daily Prophet produced, except if Ginny wrote it. To set the example, she didn't read much of it but Teddy was out on a date with Victoire Weasley and she got a copy from an old friend with a note that read: "Skeeter's written some stuff on your grandson." She wouldn't go far enough to tarnish the reputation of her grandson. Andromeda was about 58% sure that Rita Skeeter had a soul and wouldn't go as far as to publically take shots at a 16-year old boy that spent his time babysitting the little Weasleys, trying to improve his role as Seeker, and being with his girlfriend. Couldn't she wait until he did something that was actually controversial to attack him? No doubt Potter will be distressed to find know that his sixteen-year-old godson Teddy Lupin-a lanky half-werewolf with bright blue hair-has been behaving in a way unbefitting of wizarding royalty since arriving on the VIP campsite. It might be asking too much that the always-busy Potter keep a tighter rein on this wild boy, who was entrusted to his care by his dying parents, but one shudders to think what will become of Master Lupin without further intervention. While she provided no details that backed up her claims, she did take the jab about his parents being dead. Andromeda had little patient for the people that made it a point to mention his dead parents every chance they got so she promptly threw the article in the trash, not bothering to read what came next. -o-O-o- Meanwhile, Mr. and Mrs. Bill Weasley might like to know that their beautiful, blonde daughter Victoire seems to be attracted to any dark corner where Master Lupin happens to be lurking. The good news is both of them seemed to have invented a method of breathing through their ears. I can think of no other reason how they survived such prolonged periods of what, in my younger days, was called 'snogging.' "Nan is gonna kill me," Teddy Lupin worriedly said, as his girlfriend Victoire finished reading the article to him as they sat in a muggle diner. They both knew they'd get attention because of the Weasley clan's return to England from the Quidditch World Cup so they figured explaining what the Daily Prophet was to muggles would be easier than dodging attention from wizards and witches. "And apparently, I'm a corner lurker," Victoire said, sounding quite offended. "What's her deal anyway? Who dedicates like a bloody large paragraph to teenagers snogging?" He smiled and said, "Looks like you're not a fan of her." "Oh no," she sarcastically said before taking a sip from her coffee. "But anyway, you should be more worried about my dad than Andromeda." "Why? He already knew that we were snogging at the Finals," Teddy said. "Yeah but he's probably mad that we snogged so much it got into the paper," Victoire responded with a smile. He groaned, just imagining what the reactions would be to that. Sure it was Skeeter that wrote that but still, getting into the paper for snogging was going to provoke some teasing. He was sure James and Albus wouldn't leave him alone, Harry and Ginny would tease him relentlessly, Dominique and Louis would threaten him again about treating their sister right, Bill would threaten him again about treating his daughter right, Fleur would laugh and joke about her teenage days (much to the chagrin of Victoire), his friends would bring it up into every conversation for about a week, and his nan would mention it whenever he and Victoire were around each other. Teddy just wished that he'd know how his parents would react. -o-O-o- "Look Remus, he's got himself a girlfriend!" Tonks said excitedly, even though they'd been dating for a few months at this point. "Oh look at him, he looks so happy! I mean I'd be if I got to go to the Quidditch World Cup Finals -and not to mention a pretty exciting one at that." James shook his head disappointedly a few feet away. "He barely watched it! He was too busy snogging his girlfriend!" Remus rolled his eyes and looked down at his son. He was clearly happy with his girlfriend, and not just his girlfriend but with his family. They'd been watching him all throughout his life, watching him get sorted into Hufflepuff ("Ugh!" Sirius said. "He should've been a Gryffindor!") and accidentally trip over the stairs ("He reminds me of you," Lily told Tonks). He wondered a lot how much different Teddy's life would be if he and Tonks played a bigger role in it but it isn't good to think of what if's. "I am very happy for you," he whispered, even though he knew Teddy couldn't-and would never-hear him.