head pound, she knew it was the best possible action. After some quick spell work, she cut her hair short and charmed it black, leaving it wavy and tamed rather than her normal bushy locks. She kept her eyes much the same, but charmed her front teeth to a normal size. She narrowed her jaw for a more pointed look, and heightened her cheekbones. Looking in the mirror near Dumbledore's bookcases she could hardly recognize herself. While she had taken on a conventional look of beauty, she hardly liked herself any better. She missed her hair and her rounded face. She missed seeing her mother and father when she looked into the mirror. But she knew it was for the best. Malfoy had changed himself as well. It was immediately necessary that he change the color of his hair, so he adopted a light brown, dusted with blond. His steely gray eyes had now adopted a fierce green. His jaw was more squared than before—dare she say handsome—His nose had widened slightly, rounded on the end rather than his natural pointed look. His lips were thicker and more pouted than usual, his eyes wide and round. If it wasn't for her immense anger at him, his beauty might have left her breathless. But, no matter how handsome the face—you can't change the evil inside. Or what he had done. "Well now, I can hardly recognize you! Most excellent!" Dumbledore said quiet cheerfully. Hermione's eyes narrowed at his tone. But he went on as he hardly noticed. "Now for names? Yes. Miss Granger, you shall now go by Mia Wilkins. Mr. Malfoy, you will go by Drake Wilkins. You are half-bloods. Your parents sent you to Ilvermorny for safety before their death. They were dragon tamers that tragically died in the line of duty. You were sent here to be under my guidance as your new guardian." Dumbledore droned on, etching out each detail of their backstory and asking them to repeat it. He urged them that they could not stray from that story and they must never—under any circumstances- divulge their true identity. Dumbledore asked of their parentage, and upon learning Malfoy's father was a student at school—a prefect no less—his urging to remain silent about their true identities was repeated. "Lucius and Narcissa," Dumbledore warned, "Must never—never learn of your identities. Malfoy and Hermione could only nod in agreement. Dumbledore explained he would make the announcement at the feast tonight of their arrival and send for books and supplies in the morning at Diagon Alley. "I will call for you if I receive any word of news. I do have a fair few friends left that may be able to aid me. Until then, lie low and try to carry on as normal. I will escort you to the Great Hall when you are ready." Hermione steeled herself at the thought. When she walked out the door she must leave Hermione Granger behind. She must leave Harry Potter, Ronald Weasley, and Mr. and Mrs. Granger behind in Dumbledore's office. She must leave Neville, Ginny and all those she held dear back in the future. For the past, she would be Mia. Letting go of her friends—her loved ones, her home—was the hardest thing she had ever done to date. But she had no choice. Looking at Draco with hard eyes, it was perhaps the first time she ever felt anything close to pity for the git. He was staring hopelessly at the door, gripping onto his robes with balled fists. "Draco," she started. "After you walk out that door you are Drake Wilkins. Half-Blood orphan. My brother. Your Malfoy name is left at the door." Malfoy's now shining green eyes met her in fear and pure sadness. With a nod he said in but a whisper, "Lead on, sister." My name is Mia Wilkins. I am 13 years old. I was born a half-blood to a pureblood and muggleborn parents. I have a twin brother. My parents died during a work accident. My birthday is July 31 st 1960. I went to Ilvermorny until my guardianship was taken up by a distant relative Albus Dumbledore. My name is Mia Wilkins. I am 13 years old. I was born a half-blood to a pureblood and muggleborn parents. I have a twin brother. My parents died during a work accident. My birthday is July 31 st 1960. I went to Ilvermorny until my guardianship was taken up by a distant relative Albus Dumbledore. My name is Mia Wilkins. I am 13 years old. I was born a half-blood to a pureblood and muggleborn parents. I have a twin brother. My parents died during a work accident. My birthday is July 31 st 1960. I went to Ilvermorny until my guardianship was taken up by a distant relative Albus Dumbledore. My name is Mia Wilkins. I am 13 years old. I was born a half-blood to a pureblood and muggleborn parents. I have a twin brother. My parents died during a work accident. My birthday is July 31 st 1960. I went to Ilvermorny until my guardianship was taken up by a distant relative Albus Dumbledore. She repeated it until her body had wrung out all the tears she had left. She repeated it until she felt numb on the inside. She repeated it as her body carried her behind Professor Dumbledore, down the familiar pathways to the Great Hall. She repeated it until she had nothing left inside. My name is Mia. AN: The time-turners that I have written in this story cannot go forward as they do in Cursed Child , only back. Also, the large majority of this story will be concerned with the Remus/Hermione pairing. After Draco's actions, Hermione will not grow anymore fond of him than she was before. I will not spoil anymore, but this story will have a slow burn building friendship between the two more than anything. I will update the very least weekly.