picture move. Her smile disappeared. Her daydream-Teddy had dark, brooding eyes and a pallid face devoid of energy or enthusiasm. For several moments that face haunted her: it seemed all too real. She shivered. "Well, Teddy's like that," she said finally as she moved on to slicing tomatoes. "He likes being all by himself, doing things all by himself. I dunno; it's just the way he is." Andromeda came over and scooped the tomatoes into her hands, throwing them into the bubbling soup pot. Victoire caught her eye; there was a strange expression there. "What?" she said a bit defensively. Andromeda scratched her temple thoughtfully. "You just don't know what you are to that boy," she said slowly. "You're the best - maybe the only - friend he's had." Victoire had bowed her head, trying not to feel too pleased. Now, however, nine months after that conversation, the memory was still bright and clear inside her head. And suddenly, a puzzle piece clicked within her, and her future was laid out in front of her like a treasure map: Full of danger, full of possibility. All she had to do was follow the necessary steps and then all the wealth of her wishes would be hers. Already she could feel the bright September sun beating down on her head, the train's farewell whistle before it sped out of the Platform Nine and Three Quarters...her parents standing there, so proud, so happy for her, their faces beaming out of the mist… "Who did zis?" The harsh words snapped her flimsy daydream like a twig. Victoire felt her fantasy die away like a sunset, so frail and yet so precious. Her mother filled her vision. She was shaking, maybe with rage, maybe with fear, Victoire didn't know. Her French accent, so carefully edited away over the years, now came back in full force. Nobody moved or even seemed to breathe for a moment. Teddy's arm dropped off Victoire's shoulder and he looked quizzingly over at Fleur, whose eyes were so large and whose mouth was such a thin line she looked borderline creepy. Teddy cleared his throat and said cautiously, "What do you mean? Victoire did it; it was obviously an accident. No one would purposely blow up a cake...would they?" he added somewhat uncertainly. Fleur's eyes swept across the room staring down each suspect; her gaze lingered longest on James, who stared defiantly back. Victoire thought Teddy had a good point; she couldn't imagine any of the children blowing up the cake; they were all too eager to have a piece of it. Dimly she saw her father gently take her mother by the elbow and the two went into the kitchen; she could hear the murmur of their voices through the door and imagined what they were saying. Her dad, trying to persuade her mum to be reasonable, and her mum, saying fervently under her breath, "Bill, is zis someone's idea of a vairy funny joke? Ah! Je ne suis pas amusé!" "Victoire," Teddy said. "Oh, the French? It means 'I am not amused,' " Victoire said distractedly. "Victoire, are you alright?" Teddy asked. Victoire suddenly noticed that everyone was staring at her. She resisted the urge to gulp. "Yeah, I'm fine." Teddy put his hands back on Victoire's shoulders. "You did it, didn't you?" he said breathlessly. Victoire could hear the kitchen door's squeak as it opened. Her parents had re-entered the room. For a split second, her vocal chords felt paralyzed. At last she said, just to break the silence: "Well, Teddy, I did it. Finally." Her voice was lifeless and dead; her eyes vacant and empty. Teddy's grip tightened on her shoulders as the silence in the room intensified. Ron whistled. Everyone in the room audibly let forth a sigh simultaneously and then nervously giggled. Hermione, beaming, broke into applause; scattered applause ensued that gradually gathered in intensity. Lily jumped down from her chair, ran to her cousin, and hugged her. Victoire crouched down and hugged her back. As she glanced up, she noticed the deeply contrite look of her sister and promised herself she would talk with her as soon as everyone left. Even as the atmosphere lightened and small talk ensued, there was still something uncomfortable in the air, a deep uneasiness that seemed to pervade everything. It showed itself in perturbed manner Albus was looking at his cake, as though he weren't quite sure if it was safe to eat, and the way Ginny almost dropped several dishes as she cleared them from the table. Victoire glanced at Teddy and found his concern and fear mirrored there: As far as they knew, something like this had never happened before. Most children with magic in their blood showed it by the age of seven - Victoire had never heard of a twelve-year-old having their inciperamagicae (first sighting/showing of magic). But there must be someone! she thought desperately. She didn't know. All she knew was that what had just happened was no fluke. She was a true witch. In a dream she found herself steered to the living room; dimly she felt the warmth and softness of the davenport underneath her and the gentle weight of presents being tipped into her lap. No one said anything more about the exploded cake or extrapolated on the cause of Victoire's sudden and unexpected inciperamagicae. It's all too much for everyone to absorb, Victoire thought. For the first time she wished that everyone around her could just disappear for a moment so she could begin to understand and accept the enormity of what had just happened. But instead she heaved an inner sigh and proceeded to open presents and pretend to be delighted with them: for how could she be really delighted with these mere trifles? The best birthday present had already been given. Victoire pondered for a moment: Who was the giver? Was it herself - or was it fate? ~Please remember that reviews are always appreciated. :D