she bit down on her bottom lip, he imagined with some embarrassment at being caught, and he unconsciously took a step forward towards the girl and her large chocolate eyes. "You is speaking to me?" he asked, knowing full well that she wasn't. She flushed, and he found he liked it. "I…." she squared her shoulder a little, and he watched fascinated at how the tiny movement of her body had such a huge effect on her mass of curls "I was just saying that someone should probably have taken a look at your nose." "You not like my nose?" he forced his voice to be serious, he wasn't sure what he was doing, why he had even turned to speak to her in the first place. But he felt somewhat captivated by her flushed face and excited eyes and found he didn't want to turn away from her… not yet. Her voice sounded strained "no... that's not what I... you must believe" he saw the moment she must've caught the glimmering his eyes and her eyes flashed in indignation for a moment before she huffed "that was mean." "Sorry… could not stop." "I just meant... you should get your face looked at, it won't heal properly if you leave it too long. Magic or no magic." Magic or no magic he turned the phrase over in his mind before relegating it to the back for further consideration at a later point. He nodded in acknowledgement, after all, she was right, the sudden silence that descended between them signalled the end of the conversation, a cue he would normally have followed, but for some reason, he didn't want to. He scanned around the box for a second hoping to find someone or something he could mention to the girl but found nothing, until his eyes fell on the Ireland scarf around around her neck. It was something to talk about though he didn't really like it. "You are Ireland fan?" he realised he must've frowned when his face pulled, and he let out a small groan as he became more aware of the residual pain in his eyes and cheeks. She looked confused for a moment, and he ran the expression over in his mind, he wasn't entirely confident in his grasp of English and had a sudden panic that he may have inadvertently insulted her; he tried to explain himself by gesturing to the scarf around her neck That was excellent Viktor point and grunt like a caveman. She looked down, and comprehension dawned on her face, her brows unknotted and she looked back at him "no, cold girl" she said while gesturing to one of the two redheads next to her, he was minus a scarf and Viktor was suddenly a bit sad she hadn't just been a fan. "I don't know much about Quidditch really" she admitted in a small voice, and he couldn't stop the splutter and ensuing bubble of laughter that escaped him. It was enough to get the attention of one of his teammates who looked at him with raised eyebrows at his, very uncharacteristic, show of mirth. Viktor shrugged his shoulders at the player and he turned back around. He wasn't sure anyone had ever told him that they didn't really know much about the sport he was famous for, even when it was clear they didn't know anything they would still prattle on regardless, there was something so beguiling about her honesty. He winced again as he smiled broadly at her and she flinched at his show of pain, her slight shudder giving him an idea, a mad one but still… "You fix nose?" he stated determinedly. "I... what?!" "I no have wand" he held his hands away from his body as if to demonstrate, "you say it should be done" she seemed to turn his proposition over in her mind. "You probably shouldn't ask strangers to point their wands in your face Mr Krum" he smiled again, he couldn't help it, the earnest expression she had on her face as she lightly admonished him was adorable. The conversation felt more normal than those he routinely experienced with a woman; those were typically simpering requests to hear about his supposedly 'glamorous' life and sporting achievements. "What is your name?" he asked softly. "Hermione... Hermione Granger" her words coming out bolder now they were back on safe ground. "Hello Hermy-o-ninny" he winced. "Her-my-own-knee" she repeated kindly. "Hello ...Hermy-knee.. my name is Viktor." "Yes I know" she laughed. "Well, not strangers now yes?" he asked hopefully, and she laughed again, he liked the sound, it was soft and warm. "Not strangers, no" she took a step forward, all of the others in her group were still distracted, she pulled her wand from her hip and stood in front of him "hold still" she commanded softly, unnecessarily, he was already rooted to the spot. "Episkey" she all but whispered. "Govno" he swore at the sharp pain that erupted in his face as the nose realigned. "Sorry," she said, sounding anything but. He only became aware of the little bubble they had around themselves when it burst, commotion in the stands alerted him that the presentation was over, and the players would begin leaving. "I go now, I...thank you for help." "You're welcome" she answered quietly. He paused for a moment reluctant to leave, he considered inviting her to the after match celebrations but decided against it; the rowdy pub would be no place for someone like her. Suddenly a thought occurred to him "you attend Hogwarts yes?" he asked, attempting nonchalance but knowing hopefulness permeated his tone. "Yes, this will be my fourth year" she answered nodding. He started little at that, she was younger than he had expected, but he couldn't be downcast, he would have the whole year opportunities, he would make sure of it. He flashed her a bright smile "have good summer, Hermy-knee Granger." A/N Let me know what you think!