this as an opportunity to work on becoming friends. We get to know each other, and who knows what will come of it. While I'm sure your goal is to be rematched at the end of the year, we can both just let this play out and not make any decisions regarding the annulment or consummation. Basically be roommates." She nodded slowly and then spoke. "Can I ask you something?" I nodded and slipped my hands into my pockets. "Of course, Granger. Anything." She nodded and took a step closer to me before looking around. She noticed to wizards from the Auror department walking by so she waited until they were gone before speaking. "Someone once told me that I wasn't 'wife material'. And I know we only got married twenty minutes ago, so it is probably premature to ask, but do you think they were right?" I raised a perfectly sculpted eyebrow and then shook my head. "Well, while we've never been friends and haven't been married that long, I can tell you with one hundred percent certainty, that he was wrong. And Weasley is an idiot, don't pay any mind to what he says." She looked up at me with a shocked look on her face. "How..I mean..how did you know that I was talking about him?" I chuckled and then offered her my arm, which she took, before walking to the apparition point with her. "Granger, as much as I hate Skeeter, I do read the Prophet, Witch Weekly, and Wizards Weekly. I know you two were engaged until about a month ago. Besides, only a true idiot, like say the famous idiot Ronald Weasley, could ever say that you weren't wife material." I could feel her smile slightly and chuckle. We got to the apparition point and then I apparated us to Malfoy Manor. Once inside we walked up the stairs and then to my wing of the manor. She was looking around at everything, almost like she was studying it. All the portraits, all the artifacts, the colours. With the help of my mother, we redid the entire Manor. Changing it from the dark and hollow building it once was, into a lighter more elegant home. My wing especially was different. And once there I could hear her chuckle. She no doubt was noticing the hints of Slytherin house colours. Old habits truly do die hard. While there was so much negativity that happened while I was at school, I still am a proud Slytherin. It's practically in my blood. We walked to my door and I opened it. She looked around and noticed that her things were already here. They were placed as similarly to the way they were in her flat as they could be. She walked to the center of the room before she turned to me. "How?" I smirked and took off my suit jacket, placing it over the back of an arm chair in front of the fireplace. "I had my mother tell my house elf, Mitzi, to bring your things here. Mitzi likes things to be exact, so my guess is she tried to replicate your flat as best she could. And I'd be willing to bet, your study is going to look the same." She smiled and looked around a second before I saw her face change slightly. I knew what was coming. "Mitzi, is she a free house elf?" I chuckled and walked over to the bed, sitting on the edge. "Yes, I freed her as soon as everything was changed over to my name after the war. However, she and a few house elves wanted to stay. So, I pay them and provide living quarters for them. I try to have Mitzi take the weekends off, but she insists that she is needed here." I said with a chuckled and shake of my head. She is a very stubborn little elf. She smiled and then went back to looking at all her things. I stood up and went to my closet, which I noticed had been enlarged and was now half filled with Granger's things. It was going to take a lot of getting used, living with another person. I grabbed some clothes and then quickly changed out of my suit into more comfortable clothes. A pair of ripped up, faded, black jeans, a black V neck t shirt, and some black skate boarding tennis shoes. Once I walked out I found her looking at some of my books. I smirked. "Any book in the Manor is yours to read. Just no ear marking the pages." She looked up at me and noticed my clothes for a second before replying. "Are you mad? Of course not. I hate when people do that." I smirked and then heard my mother calling me, probably from her sitting room. "You can feel free to wander round if you want, I have to go see my mother. If you need help finding your way around, just call for Mitzi. She will be excited to meet you, you are her hero after all." I said with a smile and then walked to the door. "Thank you, Malfoy." I turned toward her with a slightly confused look. "For what, Granger?" She gave me a small smile. "For trying to make this as painless as possible." She said, the small smile still on her face. I nodded. "If anything, I owe you, Granger. No need to thank me." I said before walking out of the room and making my way to my mother's sitting room. ~A/N~ -Well, here's a taste of a story that I started maybe an hour ago. XD What happened between Ron & Hermione? What are the Malfoy's? How will Draco and Hermione fair as they get to know each other? How are Lucius and Narcissa going to really treat Hermione? And what will the Weasley's think about this marriage, also Ginny and Blaise's? Stay tuned to find out! :D