a response but didn't expect one. "Good morning, sir." Hermione greeted back. Dean touched her hand and mouthed, 'drop the sir .' Hermione nodded. Draco smiled at Alecia who returned the favor. Draco took a bite of his omelet and chewed happily. "John, you're getting better every time." He called out his praise. "Thanks!" The wizard stood beaming then bowed to a room clapping their approval. "Wish we could say the same to you." Alecia mumbled loudly. Draco arched an eyebrow. "I thought we agreed that it's the thought that counts." "Have you even asked for Dean's help?" Alecia wanted to show Hermione that it was okay to say what's on their mind. "I have!" Draco raised his voice. "He's probably not a good mentor then." Alecia teased not startled with his outburst. "Oi! I resent that." Dean frowned. "I remember you were good with potions." Hermione cautiously joined the conversation. "You remember correctly." Draco smugly replied. "Then..." Hermione hesitated. Alecia nodded, urging her to finish her statement. "Then?" Draco asked. She thought about rewording her statement. "From where the conversation's going, it seems like your potion making skills are not translating well to cooking." Dean smirked. "Couldn't have said it better." Draco was both glad she's trying to fit in yet he didn't like to admit his failure at cooking. Alecia snickered. "Have you done any cooking Hermione?" "Um no. I'd probably do worse than..." she paused unsure if it was okay to call his name. "Draco." "Oh my. Two days of inedible food." Alecia teased. "I might not going to survive my chores." "I could only imagine how tiring watching potions brew." Draco enjoyed this kind of banter. "That's what I thought too." Dean joined in. "You on the other hand could stand to lose some weight. Your smiles are getting smaller as your cheeks become fuller. You might not be able to do your chore of seducing witches." Dean put on his most charming smile. "Maintaing this smile takes a lot of work." He teased. "Speaking of chores, we need to discuss some items later." Draco directed this to Dean. Alecia made faces as if taunting him about getting in trouble. "Oh and Hermione, I think Alecia already mentioned about chores?" Draco sounded formal. "Yes." Hermione replied. "Join me for a walk when you're done eating?" "I'm actually done." Hermione put her utensils down. "Oh, I'm not." Draco winked at her. Hermione blushed. Alecia was glad Hermione improved from blank stares to joining casual conversations. ~~~ Draco left with Hermione while the rest cleared the tables. Hermione was nervous at the same time excited about what her chore would be. Since breakfast she held on to the hope that like Alecia she could start practicing magic again. Draco led her to a part of the manor she hasn't been to yet. Hermione memorized the portraits as they passed by. One in particular portrait she admired was that of a young boy, all dressed up and standing straight. He was so stiff that one could mistake it as an ordinary portrait. "Do you like it?" Draco asked. "You look very uncomfortable and forced." Hermione voiced her opinion. "That's how I felt for most of my life." Draco admitted. "It didn't seem like it when we were in Hogwarts." Hermione awkwardly stared in his eyes. "I only realized it after Hogwarts." Draco sighed. "If only Potter survived that invasion in our 6th year. Hermione bit her lower lip. "I was caught then and put into slavery the next day." That day was still clear in her mind. Her final act against the current ruler still sealed inside her brain. "Harry was just a boy, he didn't stand a chance." "Well, we have to make do and try to live as normal a life as we could." He faced his portrait and stared at his eyes. "Ferret. Don't you dare laugh, Hermione." Hermione tried not to smile. The wall next to the portrait disappeared. Draco stepped inside. "Come in." He asked Hermione who was waiting for the invite. The unassuming room was filled with books. Hermione turned around and her heart skipped a beat. 'Am I going to be able to do magic again?' "Welcome to my library." Draco smiled, encouraged by the slight sparkle in her eyes. Hermione started to walk towards a shelf in the far left corner but stopped unsure if she was allowed. "Go ahead." Draco motioned her to go through his collection. "Mind you, the good books are hard to find. Everyone's trying to control who gets the information/knowledge and leave those who are in the resistance in the dark." It was common knowledge that there was a resistance. However, no one knows who they were, how they meet, and when will they resurface. It seemed that they were all waiting for a sign to rise and fight. "I understand." She touched the spines of the books accessible to her. "What am I supposed to be doing?" She found enough courage to ask him. "Like I said before, this place is not the usual household. Alecia may have mentioned chores?" Draco asked. "Yes, and in the dining room she said that she was brewing potions?" "She's well versed in that area. She's the one who prepares the polyjuice and other useful potions." "And Dean? I don't think he's just a chef?" "He's chore is between us." Draco felt he needed her loyalty and trust before he can disclose everything. "What about mine?" Hermione turned to face him. "Just read." Draco shrugged. "Am I allowed to perform magic?" Hermione tried to push her luck. Draco sighed, "Under my supervision." Hermione smiled slightly. "That's an order by the way." Draco took out her egg. "Understood," Hermione nodded. "I can't risk my and everybody's safety right now." He tried to explain. "Actually, I am a bit confused. Why are you doing this? Why are you collecting slaves?" "In time," Draco promised an explanation when he can trust her.