Seven locks, seven goddesses." Sirius joked. Severus makes one last pleading glance to Lily, begging her silently to let go of her own pigheadedness long enough to realize that this is not what will benefit the kingdom best, to decide that she cares for herself more than her people. Marlene says they've arrived and begins to exit, gesturing for Snape to follow and he throws one last fleeting glance at her before exiting. She swallows hard as tears finally began to well in the bottom of her eyes. He reaches for her for a moment before the persistent tug of Marlene's hand finally pulls him out of the carriage and to the outside world. James stood at the other end of the path of white stone leading up to the castle, his hair nervously tousled and his outfit in a state of disarray. He donned his best white shirt with properly ruffled sleeves and his finest animal skin vest, a rabbit he supposed? His brown pants were heavy yet properly fitted and tucked into his leather boots, a small opening towards the neck of his shirt exposed a sliver of chest practically barren of chest hair. And yet somehow it didn't feel like enough. Even just now, staring at the peasant she had brought with and Marlene, he felt lower than either of them in social class. Around him stood friends, gentlemen, noblemen. And yet for a moment that didn't matter, for there she was. Lily stepped out the carriage finally formally dressed and enjoyed a mere second of silence before the world surrounding her erupted into a world-shattering applause. Screams of joy and excitement hit the wind as it seemed that the whole kingdom had shown to see their new princess. Men and women stood tightly packed beside each other, parted by a white brick pathway. They were a sea of purples, blues, silvers, and greens. She assumed they were all of different class and background, all come together to welcome her to the kingdom. To say it was disarming and breathtaking all at once was an understatement. She seemed to be frozen in time, everything around her freezing, yet she hadn't even seen the King himself. These were her people, her new people, and they were welcoming her to her new home. They all were there, putting their faith in her despite the fear that must linger with the Evans name in any country. Yet she knew nothing of them nor their dreams, their faith, their goals. She stood a leader of a country to be, with no idea of the direction of which she might guide them. Yet the love she immediately felt for them, it guided her to want only the best for them. The screams quieted without reason, she could only assume it to be the work of the King. She slowly raised her chin to finally look past the crowd, her eyes connecting almost immediately with that which she feared. His eyes were soft and sincere, she felt herself stiffen further as she had finally settled on this new ground, finally came to terms with this new feeling of dizziness and joy. He stared at her in return, licking his lips momentarily in an unconscious attempt to calm his own nerves. He began to step forward as she stood still mystified, the ocean of colors before her seemed to ebb and flow in accordance with this, people breaking into various forms of bows and kneels as he walked past. It seemed to take an eternity, yet happen so quickly at the same time as he approached her. The court behind him stood still as he braved this sea of people to see her. There was nary a guard in sight, yet no danger afoot. He was a man who was truly highly spoken of by his people. And yet occasionally he would break the illusion of a king well in control, an extra quickness to his steps, a flash of blush reddening the roundness of his cheeks, the bob of an Adam's apple indicating his own nerves. He finally reached her, she realized she had been caught awestruck this whole exchange. This time he flashed something more concerning, a smirk before proceeding to break the royal conduct. He gathered her up in his arms, likely pleased at his superior height and lifted her gently up into the air as he attempted to further engulf her. Like his actions, his skin had an obvious warmth to it that caused one to feel all too at home all too soon. He placed his head upon hers for a moment, relishing in the proximity that the luck of his status and wealth had allowed. Pulling away his face donned a broad smile, one that Lily could only describe as stretching from the northwestern sea to the southeastern. She found herself returning a more nervous version of said smile, obviously strained at the corners of her mouth. This seemed to further please the crowd as they erupted into further cheers. Lily, however, was having a heart attack. "I am sorry for the suffering you have had of late, however, wish to welcome you to your new home." And with that rather clumsily worded greeting that James had likely spent the past week creating, Lily felt a resurgence of previously held dislike. Her face fell completely. James turned her to face the crowds behind them, grabbing her hand and lifting it far into the air. To the people a sign of further prosperity for years to come, to Lily the white flag of surrender. Lily felt instantly nauseous as another wave of joy overwhelmed the crowd. Across the way from her, Sirius Black seemed satisfied with the proceedings thus far. Author's Note: I've been sitting on this for quite a while so I thought I should publish it. I don't know if this story will ever be continued, sadly, but if it were it would be only six chapters.