of Dumbledore. The tale of Snape, the Silent Hero, who'd saved the day had fascinated the masses for a while. The rumours of an unrequited love might even have moved some of them. However, Albus Dumbledore was gone, Lily Potter was gone and the Golden Trio was looking to build a life of their own. And there was Snape, sour and ugly as ever. An eyesore – very much like his new wand – and not really fit material for legends. So why not embarrass him a bit? And who knew? A good enough reason might come up to get him into serious trouble, to lock him away even … Severus didn't think that such thoughts were paranoid. He knew very well that he lacked any endearing characteristics and that bravery did nothing to change that. In almost forty years of being disliked and shied away from, he had made himself get used to it, persuaded himself that he didn't want anyone's respect and recognition. Thus, he had built a persona that pushed people away before they could get close enough to withdraw in disgust or hurt. In other words, in trying to protect himself, he had only enhanced the original problem of the blunt and socially inept boy he had once been. Locking him away certainly wouldn't mean a loss to society. In past years – past decades, to be precise – he had sometimes tried to imagine himself imprisoned. Azkaban had, after all, been a valid possibility, especially after the first wizarding war. He had been afraid of it, of course, but forced himself to think it through and finally decided that he would probably have been able to manage. Withdraw into his mind, most of the time, so as not to let the Dementors affect him too much, retreating into the office in his brain, to imaginary books and cauldrons, and Lily would have been there, as well, to keep him company. Contrary to what most people thought of him, he did have imagination and lived more in his inner world than in that surrounding him. He would not have been able to survive without this ability, neither physically nor emotionally. These days, of course, imagination was working overtime. Or rather, it was a remembering and re-imagining. He tried to keep it at bay and himself busy, with work, with errands, with knowledge he crammed into his head. However, 'the incident' – as he privately termed it – would have its pound of flesh. Mostly at night and very frequently in the mornings, shortly after waking up. What went on in his mind then had nothing to do with Lily, but it made him feel – now more than ever – that he didn't want to be locked away. Of course, imprisonment was unlikely; at this point, anyway. Also, the hearing needn't develop into anything larger, graver. Maybe it was as Remus Lupin had said, 'only an opportunity for the wizarding world to indulge their curiosity'. The abominable werewolf had also made it clear that he considered Snape's reserve to be the cause for said curiosity. "If you had helped sooner in finding the Death Eaters still at large, the attitude towards you would be entirely different now." Another I-told-you-so guy. Great. Yet, he was probably right, as Severus reluctantly admitted, though only to himself. He hadn't improved his situation by lying low after his unexpected survival from Nagini's bite. And from a man like him – who'd played spy for years and juggled formidable wizards on a daily basis – the excuse of 'having been confused and unable to act rationally' would certainly sound a little lame. Yet, Severus knew that he could never have acted in any other way. Joining the wizarding world in its state of celebration after the victory would have been horror to him. Yes, he should have shown himself at the Ministry for a little talk. But even if he had, there was no doubt that he would have gone back 'into his hole' immediately afterwards. This was how he was made, what he could and would not change as it was far too late for that. He would always have gone into hiding at Spinner's End, consuming unnecessary amounts of Fire Whiskey to make himself tired and ready to sleep in the evenings, and one day opening the door to a Muggle girl, unlikely as it seemed. So many things had changed, and at the same time nothing at all. He looked down at his hands and found that he was still playing with the yew wand. Which reminded him of Olivander who was still standing there, watching Severus with a curious expression on his face. "Lost in thought?" the wandmaker said kindly. Snape twitched. "I should leave. – I'll let you know about the wand and will not hesitate to bring it back if it doesn't turn out well. Which I strongly suspect. In that case, I'll expect a full refund." "Of course, Professor", Ollivander replied with a benign smile. "I'm sure, however, that your new wand will find in you the strong hand that it yearns for." A sugar-coated way of saying that he should buck up and be a wizard about it, as Snape understood very well. He gave the wandmaker a haughty look and turned towards the shop door. Ollivander cleared his throat. "Best of luck to you, Professor", he said. "And might I just mention … in my eyes, what you did was heroic. The way you put your life on the line for years … not a lot of men have this kind of courage." Severus scowled – it was his usual way of reacting to praise which he distrusted, especially when it was paid to his person. However, he couldn't quite shake a certain warm feeling towards the man. He nodded curtly, murmured "Good day to you then" – which wasn't meant as awkwardly as it came out – and left the shop.