[2015] "Hey kid!" James shrieks and jumps backwards into the store shelf, making boxes of Extendable Ears fall on him. He looks up to see his uncle holding an instant camera in his hands and a huge grin on his face. "You know for a kid that's pretty talented in pranking, you're pretty easy to scare," George says amused. As James stands up and begins putting the Extendable Ears back on the shelf, George begins fanning the photograph in his hand so the image will develop. James asks him after he places the final box back on the shelf, "You-you're not going to show that to Mum right?" "Of course I will!" he exclaims, looking at the photograph in hand and placing it inside his jacket pocket. "I'm your uncle! It's my job to embarrass you!" His face turns red from the impending embarrassment that will happen to him if the photograph gets out to the public-and it always does. Rita Skeeter either manages to get her fingers on it or his cousins show it off to their friends and their friends show it off to theirs and it just keeps going on and on. "Kid, are you okay?" George asks, noticing James's unusual quietness when he is usually loud and rambunctious. "You seem a bit….off today. Is it cause you're starting Hogwarts next week?" "No!" James replies a little too quickly, making George look at him with a knowing expression. "I mean, yeah, maybe a little …" "Don't be worried kid," George says, wrapping his arm around his nephew's shoulders. "You've already got four friends: my ever amazing firstborn, Lee and Alicia's kid-Scarlett scares me a lot you know but don't tell her that-, Matthew-though Oliver and Katie may not tolerate him pranking I'm sure you could convert him-, and Alice! Of course she's not a child of the most amazing Gryffindor team ever assembled but she's Neville kid so I trust her to an extent." "Yeah but what about the rest of them?" George looks down at James curiously, not expecting for him to actually be insecure when it comes to the other kids. "Teddy and the others told me all about how Hogwarts is like for them. People take pictures and spread a lot of rumors. Vic's first boyfriend dated her cause she was a Weasley and part-veela. Teddy's latest ex-girlfriend dumped him the day after she got to meet Dad. Louis told me he's got an entourage following him around but he hears them talking about him behind his back. They even call us the Brat Pack -me and my cousins, Teddy, Alice and Augusta, the Scamanders. The Brat Pack , Uncle George!" George can't help but have a shocked expression on his face. He never once heard his other nieces and nephews talk about them about being treated differently because of their parents. He thought the war hero business wore off but apparently, it just went from him and the others and transferred onto the kids. "The Brat Pack huh?" He snorts. "That's a really bad nickname. I mean, your namesakes-James and Sirius-and Remus and that little traitor had a good nickname for themselves: the Marauders. You and the others, when you start pranking, you should come up with a good name like that." James nods, though George could tell by his expression he wasn't looking for a comedic response but actually advice. George sighs and stops him. He gets down on one knee so he could look at James in the eye. "Look kid, I don't think the rest of us knew you cousins were getting treated like that. If anything like that happens, you talk to your Uncle Neville immediately and tell him to owl us because then I'll come over and punch those little tossers in the face." He ruffles up James's ever messy black hair and says, "But if you want to deal with it on your own-and knowing you're your mother's son, you will-you get you and your friends-and I mean your real friends -together to pull a prank on them. Dye their hair a weird color, steal their homework, make them grow boils on their faces. Make sure they know that you don't want to be treated like that because no one should be treated differently because of their parents." Finally, James's face lights up with joy and he throws his arms around his uncle. He murmurs into George's neck and says, "Thank you, Uncle George. You're the best." "Any time kid. Any time," George responds, patting his back. Author's Note: Ah, another oneshot series centering around the next gen. I'm quite fond of their era if you haven't noticed, mainly because I don't have to live in fear of writing them and them being OC because we have nothing to base them off of-you know, unless you consider the Cursed Child canon and I don't so I'm going off what little information we got from that 2014 Quidditch World Cup stuff and the epilogue. Basically every chapter will feature a question like the one that was all the way at the start of the fic and the drabbles are basically like the answer with an unnecessary explanation. And I'm sticking to the Weasley grandkids for these, though other next gen characters will most likely end up appearing on an irregular basis. I don't really know why. Don't ask. Also, don't ask about the ordering either. I really just intend to mix it up every chapter or so and I like roman numerals. And to be clear, the term uncle is being used pretty loosely here (mainly for Hagrid, Viktor, Oliver, Lee, Rolf, and Neville) because I intend for each of the kids to have their own separate answer. So favorite, follow, and review-you know, assuming you liked it. If not, check out another one of my stories and favorite, follow, and review. If you don't like the one you read, repeat cycle until you've read all my fics.