through that. That, as almost everything that came from the Dursleys, was just another lie, fruit of the prejudice, ignorance and pure evil of them towards everybody else. To the family he lived with, Harry soon discovered that nobody but they and Margie, a female version of Vernon, had any value. From what he had discovered from Liz, the girl always entered that state whenever she had fell asleep, and it was something natural to her. In that ethereal state, Liz discovered she was exempt from any pain or danger and, knowing this, she was much more energetic and active in that state than when she was awake. It was just a matter of feeling secure. Even being invisible to normal ('awakened') people, Liz soon started to search far-away places where children were active and playing while she was sleeping. She liked to be near other children, to spend time with them as if she were really there playing along with them, even if she couldn't be seen or heard by them. One gift that helped a lot was her ability, in that state, to comprehend what they were saying and thinking, even when in another language. Without a body she couldn't really listen to what was said, but that state was a kind of mental state with a closeness to thoughts and emotions, so she was always aware of what people and the more developed animals were thinking or feeling. Liz, being so used to staying quiet around those children during her sleep, just used to be equally quiet during her awakened hours, something Harry intended to change for her well-being. During their time together something very special occurred that was new even to the experienced Liz. While they were playfully flying around, their 'ghost' bodies accidentally superimposed. What then happened was that each one was totally exposed to the other; their memories, thoughts, emotions, everything that defined them as individuals was exposed in full to the other, no secrets kept. Harry had the full experience of what being Liz meant, and it was fantastic but also frightening and so amazingly intimate! And the shame to know that Liz had discovered all his fears, his faults, the punishments the Dursleys had inflicted on him for his misbehaviours! But, to his surprise, the girl did not think for a moment that he was at fault. No, she blamed all of it on his relatives! That was an amazing feeling, the girl absolving him for all those imaginary faults was just what he needed to absolve himself and put the blame where it was really deserved. That single moment washed away the years of insecurities and abuse he had under his relatives' 'care'. Harry was astonished by the cultural, geographical and ethnical knowledge of his little friend, not that he knew any of those words. The places she had been, the people she had met doing every kind of action, from work to partying, from crimes to praying, the physical differences between them, their different clothes, habits, customs, traditions, houses, tools… everything she had absorbed without criticism or prejudices. She saw every action as their particular answers to their problems, the joys and the hard times of being alive. She was able to predict what a certain person would do in a specific situation, and was able to explain, to the astonished boy, the reasons for whatever they were doing. Another great source of happiness to the boy was the total freedom of movement while in 'ghost form'. He was capable of flying without any equipment or support at amazing speeds, doing the most amazing aerial ballet imaginable, and with no risks of injuring himself. They had spent hours just playing seeker or follow-the-leader while doing the most daring pirouettes and acrobatics, not only in the sky, but also deep in the sea and even diving through solid rock. At the beginning he had feared getting lost, but Liz soon explained to him how he could quickly come back to her side, or a place he knew, just by wanting to be there. The total absence of inertia allowed them to accelerate instantaneously without motion sickness or the pressure of multiple gravities air pilots and astronauts were subjected to in their flying machines. It was perfect: no need to breathe, no tiredness, no sore muscles, no coldness or hotness, no pressure in the ears, no risk of collisions. After some time just enjoying the feeling of it by playing around his aunt's home, Liz guided him through an unending sequence of the most amazing places on Earth. The Grand Canyon and Niagara falls; the Caribbean islands, with amazing blue sea and white sand beaches; the Amazon forest; the icebergs of Antarctica; the African savannahs with their amazing animals; the pyramids in Egypt; the lights and delights of a Parisian night; the Great Wall of China and the strange fauna at Australia, New Zealand and New Guinea were just part of what they saw during the night. There was nothing better to two curious and adventurous children than to have the ability to travel instantly and safely to anywhere they fancied! It was so amazing that Harry became worried about some hidden price to pay for such amazing gift. When Petunia finally came to free him from the cupboard, lunch was ready to be served. As soon as he walked out, she started to tell him what exactly she expected his behaviour to be. Unfortunately, she wanted him far from the girl and her mother, no talking and no accepting anything from them. He almost desisted to go; just the thought that, perhaps, Liz would still want to play at night in ghostly form to keep him from suffering even more. And Dudley, that pig! All the time behind his mother, unseen by her, made faces and mocked Harry's suffering, as if it was the funniest thing in the world! Sure it would be a hell of a day to little Harry.