round of firewhisky, please." James looked at him gratefully. Emmeline was still somewhat angry with him, as she avoided to look him in the eyes and soon started talking to Marlene and Alice, as if he was not there. He just did not know if she was angry because of what he had said earlier, in his apartment, or because he had arrived quite late at the pub. Or both. "So." Remus started, aiming to break the ice. "Tutshill Tornadoes are leading the league standings. Who would say, huh?" "That's pure luck." Frank commented casualy. "They will fall soon, you'll see it." Sirius added. "Yeah." James agreed. "They will fall." "For sure." Peter agreed, on the other side of the table. And then the silence came. Madam Rosmerta delivered their orders and left. Emmeline pushed her firewhisky glass, drawing attention with the sudden movement. Marlene looked at Sirius as if she understood something. "Emme, let's go to the bar counter to order some drinks." Marlene stood up. "I don't want this firewhisky too. In fact, Sirius, I didn't understand why you asked for one more round for everyone, after all, not everyone here needs to get drunk whenever they are at a bar." Marlene walked away toward the bar and Emmeline followed her, seeming to agree with everything that her friend had said. James understood what Marlene had done, and he knew that it was inevitable. He drank his whiskey and waited until someone had the guts to address the topic. And then silence came again. "Ok." Alice could not take it anymore. "Somebody must speak with Moody urgently . I believe he got really mad now! What's in his head? To place her back on the team? We don't need more members! Furthermore, she is not trustworthy!" James took another sip. "James, you're the captain of our team." Peter started to talk. "You can't trust her. After she went away and all the history with Snivellus..." "In addition, isn't it suspicious that she decided to come back shortly before a year since the war is over?" Frank pondered. "There might be something in here we don't know." "For sure." Alice supported. After a pause, he continued: "You know, when she was gone I wanted to believe that she was just a coward. Even with her involvement with Snape. But now that she decided to come back, I can't believe it's just that. We must be realistic." "But if Moody trusts her enough to put her back in the Ministry, then we shouldn't be worried about it. He wouldn't accept her if he didn't trust her." Remus said and, apparently, he was the only one who was not so outraged by the idea. Everyone looked at James, waiting for an answer. But he did not say anything at all. He was just staring at the glass in front of him, which was almost empty now. He just did not want to talk about it, was that so hard to understand? "Man." Sirius, the only one who had not yet shared his views, started speaking. "You'll have to talk to her." "No." James replied immediately. "I have nothing to talk to her." Marlene was back at the table, bringing two butterbeers, one in each hand. "Emme went to the toilet." she explained as she sat back down. "James, listen to me." Alice called him. She seemed to be concerned. "We don't know what she was doing in the last two years. We don't know where she was, let alone with whom . We also don't know what Moody knows about it. You must do something." Amid of a heavy sigh, James shook his head. He just wanted Emmeline to return to the table, so the topic would be closed. "I just don't understand how she has the guts to come back after all." Marlene said, more as if she was talking to herself than to the others. "I mean, she ran away! She didn't want to continue fighting the war. She knew that she was essential for the Order, but she decided to go away without telling us why! I would never expect such behavior, especially from her . And what happened to Dorcas... If she hadn't gone, maybe..." she paused, shaking her head. "I really don't understand." "I don't understand as well." James finally looked up from his glass. "But rest assured that things will not be easy for her. You can be sure that soon she'll be returning to where she came from." "So, Tutshill Tornadoes are leading the league standings." Sirius suddenly started talking. "They will need to hire a faster seeker if they wanna stay in that position." "Is Kevin Crane retired or just free agent?" Frank asked. Emmeline was back and in her seat. As soon as she sat down, she turned her face to look at James and put a hand on his thigh, trying to demonstrate that everything was well. The friends kept talking about Quidditch. James took his girlfriend's hand and cracked a shy smile. And all would continue well. Emmeline would do anything for that. Precisely at that moment, in a dimly lit room in Diagon Alley, Lily Evans was taking a sleeping potion. A/N: Hi guys! As you might have noticed, English is not my mother language. I'm a Brazilian ficwriter and my dear boyfriend translated the first chapter of my fanfic into english as a Christmas present. So pleeease, be kind to us if you're going to review, ok? It's been about one year and a half since I've started writing this fanfic (in Portuguese, of course) and many of my readers (who also read other fanfics in another languages) have been asking me to translate Zerstören into English, since its plot is somehow "original" (is it even possible nowadays? lol) and readers from abroad could be interested. Well, then, here it is! I hope you enjoyed! If so, please, review and make my Christmas even brighter! XX, Carol Lair