distinctly green spell, its sickly pallor identifying it as yet another Unforgivable. She darted out after the next hex caught the bust overhead, sending it crashing to her left. She dodged another flash of green, and then a third, before he returned to whatever red jinx he'd tried originally. But being small, fast and agile put the match in her favor; she needed only to keep moving, and surely he'd never experienced the sort of duel that involved a dodging tabby. The door, though- she couldn't pause, but she needed to trigger it in order to escape, and as a cat, she couldn't bespell it. The velvet bag tasted of grit and damp between her teeth, and Minerva knew that she'd only have a second, perhaps two, to manage both the transformation and then incantation before Riddle would have another spell aimed for her back. Behind her, she heard him cry out, anger and frustration forcing an edge of that hidden Northern accent to creep through. "The cat, you fools- it's an animagus!" The odds ever worsened, she decided now or never, and threw herself upward, the transformation leaving her head spinning and vision doubled, but she had the spell caught on her lips even through the bag that she spat out with disgust. " Alohomora !" The wall that wasn't a wall shattered in her wake, the shelves and books crashing behind her as she dove through the opening with the same feline grace she'd shown earlier. Minerva paused, just beyond the barrier, and caught the red gaze of Tom Riddle staring out after her. She flashed a toothy grin, black hair streaming and loose along her shoulders, and then, with a wave of the bag in her hand, disappeared. The scream of rage that followed after her disapparation shook the manor down to its foundation. September, 1961 After the Feast The first years' Sorting and the annual Welcoming Feast both passed uneventfully, and once the prefects had led the students back to their dorms, Minerva joined her fellow professors in an after-supper tipple. She'd have preferred something stronger, but Dippet frowned upon anything he deemed as excess. The Headmaster all but pounced the moment she fell back into her seat, sherry in hand. "Minerva, I've heard the most fantastic story about your summer." She fought to not roll her eyes; he really was a terrible gossip. She hoped once she reached Dippet's age that she'd have more to care about than her co-workers' summer activities. "I confess to being confused," she replied dryly. From across the room, Albus Dumbledore's ever-twinkling gaze assured her that he wasn't fooled. Dippet continued. "I was speaking with my third-cousin, Robena Macmillan, who works with the Minister as an advisor, and she mentioned the most incredible tale." Minerva took a larger sip of her drink and motioned for him to go on; Dippet was only too pleased. "The Aurors had brought in a specialist to help with a bit of spywork, a secretly registered animagus, who they used to track down some of those pseudo dark wizard groups that like to pop up every now and again." She made a brief murmur of interest and stubbornly avoided the amused wink that Dumbledore thought clever to send her way. Dippet folded his hands across his rather rotund middle and rocked back on his chair. "Imagine my surprise and, to be true, pleasure when I then learned that one of our very own professors had just registered as an animagus this past week. Quite the coincidence, wouldn't you say?" "Headmaster," she began, wishing she could get away with a second glass, "do you mean to say you think I was this spy?" "Quite the coincidence," he repeated. "Did you happen to note my form?" Dumbledore obliged her silent wish by pouring a suspiciously clear liquid from a palmed flask into her glass; the fumes made her eyes water, and begrudgingly she shot him a grateful twist of her lips. "Minerva's a tabby, Armando. A house cat," Dumbledore supplied. Dippet's cheer dimmed briefly, Minerva's animagus form not nearly as exciting as he'd plainly imagined. "Masterful bit of magic, all the same," he said after a moment more, as if consoling himself. "Quite the achievement indeed." Minerva nodded and accepted the few additional pieces of congratulations given her way. It took another hour before Dippet finally left, the few other remaining staff members following shortly after. Dumbledore ambled over to her side once they were alone, the edge of his auburn beard twirled between his fingers. "Spying again, Minerva?" "A favor to a friend, and to rather good end. Do you remember Tom Riddle?" His twirling paused briefly before continuing, but her sharp eyes caught the interruption. "We uncovered a blood purity club he'd been growing, although club seems a bit tame for what he was up to." "Was he arrested then?" "No, I'm afraid. He must have realized the Aurors were bound for him and made for the continent. Elphinstone thinks Bulgary a likely spot, considering their blood sensibilities and reluctance to extradite." She let out a short sigh, rolling her neck once before rising as well. Dumbledore nodded, his mouth serious for once. "Tom has always been a concern of mine. He was very powerful, even as a child." "And yet he was out-matched by a simple house cat," she couldn't help but share, a satisfied gleam in her eyes. Her mentor raised a careful eyebrow. "Oh now?" "If you can scare up a pensieve and some more of whatever was in that flask of yours, I might be coaxed into sharing the memory." She grinned up at him, lips mischievous. Dumbledore smiled back, pride for his former student and current apprentice apparent in his expression. His eyes regained their twinkle as he placed a hand along her back, leading them to the exit. "How is Elphinstone these days? I understand he's grown a beard." Her ears pinked, and the wizard who defeated Grindelwald laughed.