she adds, "not including me." He doesn't finish whatever he was planning on saying as his mouth falls and shifts next to her. She reaches for the door to the compartment and when she starts to slide it open he mutters, "Be nice." She replies with a gentle elbow to his side and he stumbles. "Oh, hello," she says in mock surprise and the four first years in the compartment return her pleasantry with smiles. First years are precious in that way. They're so wide-eyed and optimistic about everyone and she can tell based on that alone that she's dealing with a compartment of future Hufflepuffs. "My name is Theodora Malfoy, sixth year," she begins and already the innocent smiles begin to fall, fueling her own as she continues. "I thought I'd introduce myself seeing as you're new and sitting in my usual compartment. Which is fine, of course, we don't mind sharing. Do we, Al?" Albus returns her sugary lie with a roll of his eyes. "It looks like it'll be a bit snug, but I'm sure we can make it work. Oh, I do know a few spells that may empty up some space.." she goes on but she sees the first years already shifting nervously and she knows it's because of her name and because she's mentioning spells and they've likely heard all about what kinds of spells the Malfoys do. One brave first year, perhaps a Gryffindor after all, stands up and pulls on his friend's shirt. "Come on Nguyen, let's go," he says and the other three don't hesitate before following him out the door. She ignores their whispers which aren't really whispers at all as they hurry down the corridor, talking about that awful Malfoy girl who kicked them out of their compartment. She only shrugs, pleased with herself because now their compartment is empty. "Terrorizing first years already, Malfoy?" she hears from behind her and her smile fades as she spins around slowly, looking up at James Potter who is towering over her, arms crossed. She hates that he's taller than her. And not taller like Albus is. Albus is tall as well but not so tall that she has to crane her neck as she looks up at him. James knows he is tall and she can see the amusement in her eyes every time he looks down at her. Smug bastard. "I wouldn't have to terrorize them, Potter, if your family could manage to arrive anywhere on time. I'd be happy to charm your watch there if it would help." He doesn't like it when she talks about his family because his jaw always twitches and he has to spend a few extra seconds trying to think of what to say. This time is no different as the silence between them grows and she taps her foot impatiently. He only glances momentarily at his watch before returning his glare back on her. "Well as invigorating as this argument is, I expect we'll be leaving soon," she says and turns to leave and this time he addresses Albus. "Lucy needs somewhere to sit," he informs his younger brother and Thea lets her curiosity get the better of her as she glances over her shoulder at the little red thing that is Lucy Weasley. "What about your compartment?" Albus supplies and James shakes his head, pointing to the boys behind him. "Full up," he mutters, giving Albus an insistent look. Albus is normally persuaded by such looks which is why Thea always feels obligated to intervene on his behalf. It makes her wonder how he ever became a Slytherin in the first place. "Did you tell her she'd be sitting with a Malfoy?" she asks and the girl's eyes grow wide as she stumbles back into James. Albus, quick to recover, adds "A nice Malfoy," as if it might help, to his younger cousin but she doesn't budge and Thea only scoffs. "I'm not that nice," she corrects him, noting it sounds a bit like a boast and Albus pinches her gently in the side. "She has a point there," is James' sardonic quip, barely audible under his breath and she can feel herself rising to the bait. But instead of indulging in another chapter of the ongoing verbal disputes that she and James Potter consistently share, she clears her throat and points to the empty seat where Magnus is currently calling home. "Come on in, Little Weasley. I won't bite." Lucy gives her a wary look and stares up at Albus who gives her an encouraging smile that he uses to hid his amusement at Thea's attempt at 'sweet'. Lucy does join them, finally, but sits on the opposite side of Magnus who she eyes nervously. The cat flips his tail in response before letting his green eyes close. Thea returns her attention to James, then, who is still leaning against the doorway and she can see Sebastian Barbary and Davy Finnigan behind him talking. Despite having settled the dispute at hand, James still stares at her, his brown eyes burning for an argument that she refuses to give him. So instead she smiles. "Anything else, Potter?" It's enough to break him from whatever haughty response he is preparing and he lets his eyes linger for only a moment longer before they flick over to Albus and he jerks his head in the direction of the corridor. "Prefect business, little brother. Remember?" "Oh shit, I forgot!" Albus curses but then covers his mouth as he realizes they have a younger presence. "Shit," he says again trying to correct his profanity but it's too late. Lucy sits wide-eyed and Magnus, stirred by Albus' outburst, jumps from his seat and makes his way over to the child's lap. Thea can only smile. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. This one is a bit shorter than I usually write but I thought I'd just give you a quick peek at what's to come.