made it clear that Lacie was lucky that it didn't extend to her for not even mentioning the slightest chance that Malfoy was going to be staying. Hermione was determined to return home, but she was too tired to throw a Lacie-like tantrum and furthermore, Draco was arriving on Friday. If the notion of Malfoy being there was truly unbearable, she could always message her parents to pick her up on the weekend. It was abrupt, but her parents would understand. Narcissa had promised all those weeks ago that she could ask her for anything. "I would not call my brother unpleasant," Lacie said. "Seeing as he and I have some sort of resemblance." "Explains a lot," Hermione muttered, and Lacie threw another towel. Hermione wondered under her breath as to where Lacie seemed to get all of her fluffy weapons. Next to her stood an exasperated Anaïs, who had just laundered some towels and offered them to Lacie. Lacie had merely thrown the fresh towels at her friend, and Hermione apologised on her behalf. Lacie looked up at the maid and spoke in quick French. She went back to reclining in the sun. The maid dropped off a plethora of magazines, and Lacie stared at them. Hermione returned to her book, and from the corner of her eye, she saw Lacie reach for the topmost one and flick lazily through it. Something in the magazine had caught her attention, as she whispered angrily under breath before slamming the periodical onto the table again. Hermione glanced over. "Bad article?" "Anyone who writes the articles in Witch Weekly is a moron," Lacie snapped. " Attempt to win her attentions again , my arse. Mother would be an idiot to be wooed by his pathetic charms." "If you hate it so much, why would you read it?" Hermione asked. "Because I'm bored , all you seem to want to do is read that stuffy textbook." "I like being prepared," Hermione said. "There's nothing wrong with that." "Hermione, we are in one of the most beautiful places on earth, we do not need Arithmancy theories to appreciate that." Every few days or so, Lacie would antagonise Hermione by lamenting about how much Hermione preferred to read in the shade rather than sunbathe, or swim or go around the village and do some shopping. At first, it was irritating and Hermione humoured Lacie and asked her what she wanted to do. Her friend only wanted to relax in the sunshine in her two-piece bikini and devour drink after drink delivered by her house-elf, whilst discussing ideas with Hermione, especially about their new subjects that they were going to take. Hermione picked Lacie's brain about Divination, her friend having already had a little experience in the subject and Lacie often quizzed her about what she thought was going to be on the Muggle Studies curriculum. However, Hermione found simply lying in the sun boring , and Lacie didn't really want to swim. Hermione knew there was a deeper reason than not wanting to mess up her hair, but she didn't want to press it. After arguing the last time about how Hermione found lying in the sun boring, and Lacie had stormed off into the house, Hermione knew that she was to concede and bear whatever uninteresting task Lacie wanted to do. Hermione rolled her eyes before folding a corner of the page she was reading and closed the book with a snap. She placed it on the ground next to her sun lounger. Hermione folded the corner of the page she was reading and closed the book with a snap and placed it on the table. "Happy?" Lacie didn't speak to her as she called the house-elf to her. After weeks of convincing herself that Sandrine was volunteering to serve the Malfoy family, Hermione had relaxed at her presence and listened as Lacie spoke to her. "Sandrine, encore un limonade pour ma copine et moi, s'il vous plaît," she said kindly. The house-elf nodded slightly and turned away. "Et moi, Sandrine." Hermione looked up and saw Draco Malfoy saunter outside as he took off his thick outer robe, clearly anticipating a cooler temperature. He threw it onto a chair beside him and undid several buttons of his shirt before rolling up his sleeves. Hermione watched as he squinted in the burning sun, before looking and smiling at the girls. He waved at them before saying, "Bonsoir." A/N: Hello my lovelies, I am back! I know I said end of August, but I got the date of my assignment deadlines mixed up and since they're all handed in voila, the third instalment of the Bright Star series. If this is the first story you've read, I wholly suggest you go back to the first story: Bright Star and begin from there, this is the third story which will be an AU of Prisoner of Azkaban. If you're too busy reading the Cursed Child and want the cliffnotes version, Lacerta/Lacie is an OC who is also Draco's twin sister, Hermione's best friend, a Gryffindor, receiver of the last ten points in PS instead of Neville, part of the group that went into the Chamber of Secrets etcetc. However, for contextual reasons for Lacie's certain character traits further along in the story, I do suggest givin g the last few chapters of Bound By a little read. Just a little. Also I have read the Cursed Child but I won't allude to my feelings on the matter just in case you haven't. If you read Bound By before, with this story as I am still currently writing it, I will be uploading only ONCE as week every Thursday at a time of my choosing or at least I'll try and keep to that schedule but as I've written quite a lot already (I hope without the need for re-editing all over again). Story openers in this story are courtesy of Robert Browning. As always, happy reading. CSxo.