mumbled out, her eyes still shut, her head still on his bare chest. Sirius groaned in response, not moving an inch. "We have classes tomorrow. We should go to our dorms." there was a moment of silence before Sirius wrapped his arm around her tighter than it already was, rubbing a thumb over her bare shoulder. "I don't want to." He stated bluntly. "I know." of course she did. She always did. She always knew everything, his wonderful Ellie. "But we need to." Elisabetta finally opened her eyes, picking her head up to get him to move. If she didn't, She would have fallen asleep on his chest, and he wouldn't have moved. The poor pup was already half asleep, and probably enjoyed sleep more than sex. Effy took in every line of his face, every chiseled bone, even the lump in his nose from it being broken too many times. It was all beautiful, he was so beautiful, and she couldn't ever believe that there would only be a few more times that she was able to do this. A sudden sadness washed over her, much to her annoyance and surprise, and Effy shook her head as she got up. Swinging her legs over the side of the bed she sighs, trying to push the pit in the bottom of her stomach out of the way. Her hand found her long chocolate hair, pushing it through the roots to adjust it all down her back. She always felt sadness for the life she lost, for how happy she had planned to be, but never for him specifically. For a moment there she had the thought to run away with him, to hell with the lavish living and her family, to everything she learned while being the perfect debutante daughter, to hell with dealing with what that house had turned into….But that wasn't who Effy was, what she was born into, this was. She stood up finally, gathering her clothes, careful not to look back at Sirius. "Effy…" she cringed as he spoke. So soft and gentle, Like he did care. She looked over her shoulder at him as She slipped on her jeans. Sirius noticed the shift and took it as a sign to keep talking. "We can figure something out. You don't have to be them. I'm not, and look at me." her teeth grinded together. "What? Exiled with a bounty on your head?" she chuckled slightly, shaking her head. "That's not me Sirius. I can't live like that." "But you can live like them?" he spat viciously. She turned around then, whipping her shirt on quickly. He was up now, his pants on, shirt still missing, his chest still glistening with the remaining sweat. "You can live with people being tortured in your basement, teaching any future children you have that That's okay? For what? Pretty dresses and balls?" Effy narrowed her eyes into green slits. "Like I'm some materialistic bimbo like cissa? A fucking sociopath like Bella? I am nothing like them, Sirius, I assumed you to be the one to know that." "Oh you aren't?" he laughed at her. "You're just as bad as them by going along with it!" " Don't raise your voice at me-" "Don't tell me how to behave!" he spat. "Then don't tell me how to! Don't tell me how horrible I am for surviving the only way I know how in this world! Don't sit there and yell at me that dresses and balls would ever overcome how I would raise children! How am I to leave?! Huh?! They already have Mateo on the mind set, do you want me to leave to Charlotte to the same fate?! Do you think my mother and father and brother will lead her down the right path if I left?! If they would even let her live if I left?! WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME, SIRIUS?!" she found herself screaming back at him, her voice shaking, her fists clenched. "If I leave Charlotte alone with those people then I'm at fault for what she becomes, if she becomes anything. You know just as well as I do that they will take that innocence from her and drain it out of her. Do you want that?! Do you want that for her?!" Sirius just stared at her, his eyes still narrowed. He watched her breast heave in anger in her oversized shirt. "Of course I dont, Elle, but-" "But nothing, Sirius, and you Damn well know it." her voice was slow, dark, menacing. He had never heard that tone used on him before and it shocked him. His back straightened out and his eyes relaxed, staring at his wonderful Ellie. She stared at him for A few moments longer before slipping on her shoes and stalking out towards her common room. "FUCK!" Sirius yelled as she left, kicking the wall next to the door a few times. He Sat for a few minutes in a chair facing the door, waiting for her to come back like she always has whenever they fought. But she didn't. A pain hit Sirius's heart and he rested his head in his hands. How could he forget about Charlotte? How selfish of him. The tiny toddler was the light of their life for the past year, but Effy had been the one to solidify that Charlotte even had the life she has now. Charlotte is one of the Moretti families deepest secret to anyone who didn't follow the dark lord. Anyone else that happens to find out about her, they tell them it their cousin's child that they took in, a poor pathetic half blood they're trying to "raise right." But Sirius knows Effy's entire family and he knew this wasn't the case. The summer of their 6th year, the year he left, the year Effy lost all respect for her family, the year she was beat mercilessly for defending him, was the summer they got Charlotte.