Sirius glanced at his friend, both exchanging a grim look before they conceded and took their seats. After a moment, Dumbledore opened his eyes and leaned forward, long fingers clasped in front of him. "When Lily died for Harry, she gifted him a lasting magical protection, more powerful than anything Voldemort can comprehend," he said. "We know this," said Sirius, but it was Remus who hushed him this time. His eyes were fixed on Dumbledore's face, burning with an intensity Sirius had rarely seen. "When I realised what Lily had done, I took advantage of it and created the most powerful magical protection I could conceive for Harry. This protection will keep Harry hidden from Voldemort until he is of age—as long as he resides with his mother's relatives. That is why I left Harry with them, despite knowing how they felt about Lily and James, and about wizards. I felt it was the best chance Harry had of remaining alive." "That's not good enough," said Remus. "A wizard as powerful as you knows many ways of keeping someone safe. And Voldemort was gone. Why the need to protect Harry that way?" "Because I knew, as I have always made clear, that Voldemort was not gone," replied Dumbledore with a bite of impatience. "And I knew that, when he returned, he would go after Harry. As you are both painfully aware, I do not have the best record when it comes to protecting the Potters." Sirius glanced at Remus and saw that his lips had turned white. "Why is Voldemort so determined to kill Harry?" he asked, overlooking the reference to their personal situation. Harry was more important now. "And don't expect us to believe it's because Harry was there when he died. Why try and kill a baby in the first place?" Dumbledore looked up, eyes shifting between Sirius and Remus, who seemed to be frozen in his seat. He seemed to be considering how much to tell them. "Voldemort tried to kill Harry Potter because of a prophecy, made before Harry's birth. It speaks of a child born at the end of July, destined to kill Voldemort. He believes it refers to Harry." Sirius sat rooted to his chair. All these years they'd assumed Lily and James had been killed simply for their role in the Order. All these years, Dumbledore had been keeping this from them, the man they trusted to lead them, the man in whose hands they'd placed their lives. All this time. "Harry doesn't know." "He is just a child, Sirius. Imagine the impact of such a burden." "As opposed to the impact of seventeen years of abuse and neglect?" shouted Sirius, jumping to his feet. " He's just a child !" He threw the words back in Dumbeldore's face like a slap. The old man didn't recoil, merely watched Sirius with those infuriatingly calm blue eyes. "There are other ways of keeping him safe," said Remus, his voice level as he reached out and took Sirius's hand, ready to hold him back if necessary. "But none as reliable," replied Dumbeldore, just as calmly. "You mean none as suitable for your purposes." "Of course I want to equip Harry with the best possible protection, and, yes, weapons against Voldemort that I can." "You want to turn him into a weapon!" interjected Sirius, beginning to see where this is going. "You want to use the protection Lily gave him against Voldemort! Even though Voldemort has the same protection now." "What?" Remus asked, suddenly diverted. "Voldemort brought himself back using Dark magic, some of which involved taking Harry's blood," Sirius explained. Remus's expression folded in on itself, and for a moment there was nothing but fear and deep grief. Then the moment passed and he turned back to the Headmaster. "He is a human being, Dumbledore, not a chess piece," said Remus, and for a moment he almost seemed Dumbledore's younger mirror, with his calm facade and furious, blazing eyes. "I don't care what plans you have for him," Sirius snapped. "He will not spend another minute with those people." "How many lives are you willing to risk for three years of relative peace for one boy?" Dumbledore asked quietly. "I know the right thing when I see it," said Remus firmly. "I have never believed in sacrificing others for the greater good, as you well know, and I will not begin now. Not with a fourteen-year-old boy. Harry will come with us." There was that word again, "us". Dumbledore noticed it too, and raised his eyebrows for a moment. Then he shook his head sadly. "I'm sorry you feel that way. You know I have only ever wanted the best for Harry. I care about him. But these are not easy times." "I remember another boy you cared about," whispered Remus, his voice suddenly harsh as he stood, his six feet two inches towering over the seated Dumbledore. "I remember you told me to forget him. I remember you told me I was wrong. I remember you were sure then. And you were wrong." Dumbledore looked up at him, and Sirius was almost sure he saw tears glittering in his eyes, but he was too preoccupied to care. You told me to forget him . Remus was talking about him . It was Dumbledore who had told him Sirius was the traitor, it was Dumbledore who had convinced him to leave Sirius to his fate. Sirius could barely hear over the roaring in his ears. He stared down at his old Headmaster as though looking at a stranger. "I was wrong," said Dumbledore quietly. "And I cannot stop you from taking Harry. But I beg you to reconsider. I have only his best interests at heart." Sirius felt his lip curl in disdain. "Somebody's best interests, perhaps," he said. "But not Harry's." And with that, he turned and led Remus from the office, leaving Dumbledore to contemplate the sudden destruction of his plans in solitude.