first broken piece falling back into place. Lily has been at her sister's house for almost two days now, and she has not talked to Petunia since that moment at breakfast. Every time Lily enters a room, Petunia leaves it, muttering some excuse about dishes to clean or food to check on. She and James have been careful not doing any magic, or even mention the word or anything else about their lives. But it is not enough. It will never be enough. Vernon has done all he can to make himself scarce, and whenever he does come into the vicinity of the Potters he only scowls. Lily has only seen Dudley a few times, when Petunia brings him down to eat, but other than that, she tends to spend her time with him upstairs or outside on walks, as if the very essence of 'different' will rub off on him. And then she can't sleep one night because the thunder was crackling and she kept thinking about Petunia crawling into her bed when Lily was seven, telling her stories to distract her from the storm.. So she goes downstairs, her steps too loud, even with the thunder. Then she notices the light on in the kitchen. She considers going up back upstairs, but decides against it, the light looking more inviting than the darkness behind her. "Lily, what are you doing up?" It's Petunia, leaning against the countertop, arms folded across her chest. She shrugs, "Couldn't sleep." "Oh, well, there's some tea in the pot if you'd like it," Petunia pushes off the counter, "I'm going back upstairs." "No, wait!" Lily doesn't know why she says it, why she wants there to be something between them other than thick silence. Petunia raises an eyebrow. "Why did you cut me out of the wedding picture above the stairs?" She didn't even think, she just spoke, releasing the thing that had been gnawing at her stomach. "What are you talking about?" "The picture from your wedding that's above the stairs. I was in that picture, you can see my hair, but you cut me out." "Honestly, Lily, the frame wasn't big enough-" "No. No, I don't believe that." "Well what do you want me to say? That ever since you got that letter from your school you changed?," Her voice rings with these acidic, bottled up words finally being released. "That I didn't even recognize you in that photo in the first place? That you chose them, you chose him, over me?" "What? How is this about James?" Lily's heart beat quickened. "How could this possibly be about James?" "Don't you remember? I asked you to stay, before your graduation, to come home, and you said no, you said that this was who you were and you couldn't give it up, couldn't give him up." "There was a war going on, you didn't know, but there was, and I needed to-" "I knew about the war, of course I knew! You've always been bad at keeping secrets. But you could've walked away from it. You knew the danger, and you wanted to go anyway. Into that toxic world filled with people who hated you, and for what?" "for myself, for my life. T his is who I am, Tuney, I couldn't just give that up, I couldn't just cower in fear-" "You never thought once about how that would feel, for me, to have you walk away to your almost certain death. But we just weren't enough for you, were we? You needed to have the whole bloody galaxy at your fingertips." "Petunia..." "The reality is, we stopped being sisters when you decided you'd rather die than live like me. That's why you're not in the wedding photo. Is that what you wanted to hear?" And then she walked away. Lily felt hollow. It wasn't fair, what Petunia had said, it wasn't fair in any way, not to her, not to James, but she couldn't shake the words. You needed to have the whole bloody galaxy at your fingertips. Maybe she did, but was that really so bad? James came downstairs a minute later, immediately wrapping his arms around her. "You heard?" Lily's voice was muffled against his shoulder, her tears falling onto his shirt. She hadn't even realized she'd started crying. "You weren't exactly quiet." "James, I just, I don't understand how she could say that, like I've done something wrong by being myself." "I don't know, Lils, I don't know. But it's not true, you know that right?" "Yeah," the word is a sigh. "I can't wait until we can go home." "Soon. We'll be home soon." Dumbledore sends a patronus early the next morning, the rising sun bathing the room in a dusty pink. They can go home. Peter has been caught, and they'll be safe. "Let's get out of here," Lily says, picking up at sleeping Harry. "Are you sure you don't want to wait until your sister is awake? Say goodbye?" "No, she's said all she has to say. I'll leave a note." Lily knew it was harsh, but this was the closure she needed. A clean break, at least for now. Yes, her heart felt chipped, but it would heal, and after last night's boiling words, she finally felt like she could breathe. James nods, understanding. "Let's go." They leave as the sun rises over the horizon, Petunia's words still booming in Lily's ears. Some things weren't meant to be. But life would go on. Petunia was right, she did want the whole galaxy at her fingertips, because that was magic. That was what she'd fought for, the stars and the planets and hope of the cosmos. And she wouldn't settle for anything less. I'm sorry we left so abruptly, thank you both for your hospitality. Petunia, I'm sorry that you feel that way, but I like the stardust on my fingers, and I can't change that. I can't change who I am. - Lily