for as long as anyone can remember." "They've never done anything like this before though," explained Astoria. "They just hated us from afar and never did anything about it." Julienne nodded. "Now though they have ammunition. They must have been waiting for something like this to happen to try and get one over on us." "What do they want?" asked Hermione, afraid to hear the answer. She knew it wasn't good from how tightly Fleur was gripping her hand. "They have informed the Coven that Aurelie is alive and Sabine is her daughter. They have written to every branch of the family outlining exactly what happened and what we did. How they know, as I said, is still unclear. They have told us that either we give up control of the Coven, or there will be consequences." "What happens now?" asked Hermione. "Well giving up control at this time isn't an option," explained Apolline. "Things are precarious to say the least what with Voldemort's return. We will write to the Coven informing them that we will not be relinquishing control and we will just have to see what happens next. The rest of the Coven will not want to see a change at the moment, but things may not stay that way." "Indeed, if I know them the Bulgarian branch will be having secret meetings all over the place trying to usurp us," said Julienne, grimly. "This won't be the last we hear from them, make no mistake, this is just beginning. I can't help but feel this is no accident. The timing of this is just too much of a coincidence." "I can't help but agree mama," said Apolline. "With Voldemort and Aurelie's return and now this, it's too much of a coincidence." "Stupid bitch," snarled Victorie. "As much as I disapprove of your language, I can't help but agree," replied Julienne. "Wait, who's a bitch?" asked Hermione. "I thought it was part of the Coven?" Julienne sighed again. "It is, but they have a leader unlike the other branches, part of that ancient grudge I spoke about. Her name's Guinevere." "Guinevere?" gasped the brunette, turning to look at Fleur. "Wasn't that the woman you were having meetings about a few months back." Fleur looked grim. "The very same. She's been causing a few issues here and there but nothing too problematic." "Until now," interjected Valentine. "That is the most confusing part in all this," said Apolline. "She has never been brave enough to do something before. So why does she now?" Julienne said nothing for a moment, she simply stared into the fire that was burning in the hearth. "I sense that someone is being a guiding hand for her. The sooner we find out who the better." XXXXX A sudden crack of apparation split the silence. A tall figure in a cloak paused as if to take in their bearings, before heading off swiftly down the narrow path. The August sunshine was twinkling through the trees as the shadowy figure made their way through tall wrought, iron gates bearing the Delacour family crest. The stranger moved quickly, barely making any sound. As the driveway turned around a corner a grand castle came into view. Without pausing the figure marched up the steps and opened the front doors. A vast stone hallway greeted them, but there was no time to take in the decor. Moving through the castle with a speed which showed their familiarity with the place, they ascended the floors until the figure reached a set of double doors. A hand came out from under the cloak and swiftly knocked on the doors. The sound echoed around the corridor and down into the depths of the castle. A curt voice from inside the room called for entry and the figure stepped inside. The room was elegantly decorated with rugs and fine art. A woman dressed in expensive clothes was staring out of the window. She didn't turn when the figure entered. There was someone else sat in an armchair, but the newcomer couldn't see who it was. The cloaked figure's attention was brought back to the woman, who now turned and gestured for the messenger to speak. "I bring news, my lady. The Delacours have refused to back down and have informed the rest of the Coven that they will not acquiesce to your demands." A vase came flying at the shadowy figure, who quickly ducked. "Leave us," demanded the woman, her eyes shining purple in her anger. She was breathing heavily and her face had contorted into one of pure fury. She let out an unearthly scream and blasted a hole through the door that the messenger had just gone through. "Now really Guinevere," said the other occupant of the room. "Is that really any way for a Veela to behave?" "They haven't backed down," she screeched. "Those arrogant hypocrites. They bang on and on about the importance of family and yet they have plenty of skeletons in their closet. I thought when you told me about Aurelie that they would finally see how imperfect they are. The rest of the Coven still won't support me. You told me this would work." Another spell was fired off and set a nearby table on fire. "It was never going to ruin them completely, my dear Guinevere. All it was going to do was rock the boat and that is exactly what we needed to do. Now we put the next part of our plan into motion." "You better be right, Dumbledore." The old man's eyes twinkled. "I always am." A/N: Dun dun duunnnnn. Just thought I would include this at the end to apologise to anyone that hates Dumbledore being presented in this way. Hope you all enjoyed this chapter. I'm not going to give a timeframe on updates because let's face it, with my track record it never works. I have got some ideas flowing so hopefully it won't be too long. Adios for now.