problem. Without testing us, how can they guarantee anything?" Kat bit back a curse, damn him for being so thorough. He noticed her hesitation and smirked. "I see that you hadn't thought of that..." She cut him off. "I have thought of it, but I left it out because none of you would be pleased. I plan on swearing a blood oath." "On our loyalty? All of us?" Narcissa gasped and it was easy to tell that even Lucius was shocked. "They won't accept that you're on their side until they question you under Veritaserum. Technically it's considered dark magic, but I won't really give them a choice. If I'm betrayed by one of you, well we'll know won't we?" "But..." "But nothing. I trust you all. Every single one of you. I wouldn't have told you all about my plan otherwise." "We can't change your mind on the last part can we?" Narcissa asked, her head bent towards the ground. "It'll be fine Aunt Narcissa." "I'm so sorry that your father is a little..." "Crazy?" Kat quirked an eyebrow. "He was like that way before my mum died Auntie. You have nothing to apologize for. He is a Black on his mother's side. I guess he inherited the crazy gene." "Wait. You're part Black?" Blaise interrupted. Kat turned to look at him with amusement. "You didn't think that I call them Aunt and Uncle for fun? Draco and I are... Wait. Second cousins, twice removed I do believe. But my mother was the last of her family and the rest of my father's family is dead too. I think that Draco and Aunt Narcissa are my closest living relatives." The room fell silent once more and that's the way it stayed until the house elves arrived to announce dinner. They had just sat down when a house elf popped into the room. "Master. Madame. A man is here, he demands to be seen." Only those who knew the couple well would have been able to catch the brief surprise, and fear, that flashed through their eyes. Kat recast her glamour charms as Lucius spoke. "Very well. Show him in." The elf nodded before popping out and leading a man in through the doors. The temperature in the room noticeably dropped when William Herondale walked through the doors. "Oh a party. And I was correct, my daughter is here." "Can I help you father?" A mask of politeness dropped over Kat's face and her voice portrayed no emotion. "You left the body upstairs." "I didn't want to mess with it. I know how much you don't like people touching your toys." "You don't want it?" Kat could almost see the challenge in his tone. "Why would I want it? It's just a body." "So you don't care anymore?" She shrugged her shoulders carelessly. "It's an empty shell. Caring for dead people is illogical. I'm alive and that's more important than some dead girl." Kat forced herself to say those last words without any inflection as she met her father's gaze. He narrowed his gaze and the room was silent as father and daughter stared at each other. Finally he smiled. "Good! Well then I'll be off. There's a muggle village just calling my name." With a quick wave, Kat's father practically skipped from the room. Nobody spoke for the 10 minutes following his departure. "If I hadn't known better, I would've said that you didn't care at all." Blaise remarked in an odd tone. "Well you do know better." Kat spat out harshly before sighing and rubbing the bridge of her nose. "Sorry. That was the point though. He clearly came here to test me." "And?" "I passed. My father has no poker face, we would have known if he had been unhappy. Now I've convinced him that I'm a DE and staying that way, despite Isabelle's death." "That's what that was? A confirmation of loyalty?" Kat nodded her head and her friends, minus Theo, all stared at her aghast. "Seriously, I'm not the only one who has had to deal with these situations." "She's right. Family meals at home are the same way for me." "Is that how you two became friends?" "Our fathers are friends, sort of. But it meant that I knew Theo before we got to Hogwarts." "I think that we recognized a lot of ourselves in each other." Kat smiled at Theo to which he responded with a small smile of his own. She looked at the clock and sighed. "Now?" Lucius asked her sadly. "Yes. I was going to go directly after my father made an appearance. Now that he's convinced, I'll have a few days to sort everything out." "Will you be coming back here?" "I hope so. I really should get going." "Good luck." Echoed around the room as Kat stood up. Therefore she was surprised when Blaise followed her to the door. "Be careful please." He hands were loosely wrapped around her wrists, but she could feel the tension radiating through them. His eyes bored into hers with an intensity that made her fidget. "You know I will. I always am." His hands tightened and he forced her to meet his gaze. "Promise me." "I promise Blaise. I told you, I'm always careful." She walked into the hall, Blaise still closely following. However, when she reached the floo room she paused and looked at Blaise. "Why haven't you ever shown this side to you?" "What side?" "The I'm not just a playboy who has no cares side. There's more to you than just the playboy with a devil may care attitude." "You've shown more emotion today than I've seen from you the entire time I've known you. Why is that?" They both fell silent as they stared at each other. "Maybe neither of us were ready." "Maybe." Blaise stepped forward and pressed a chaste kiss to her lips before stepping back. Kat's eyes never once left his as she flooed home.