but Aunt Bella's face breaks into a grin. "You'll make a Death Eater yet, boy!" she cackles. I feel ill at her joy. "Go, now!" Without another word, I hoist Granger's limp body and run, through a hidden room and down a long hallway. After a moment, it is silent, except for the ringing in my ears and the whimpering from Granger. I wave my wand silently and the wall separates to let us into a hidden portion of the home. "Come on, Granger," I say, resting her on a couch. "You have to get up." She does not move, and I survey her. As her arm drops over the edge of the couch, I catch sight of my aunt's work: MUDBLOOD, carved into her skin and dripping ruby red. Despite the times I have called Granger that same name, this feels different, more vicious. I swallow hard and look away. At the sound of a pounding fist against a window, I whirl around to see Potter and Weasley, eyes wild with fear and fury. I open the window to allow them in and immediately, they begin screaming. "YOUR BLOODY FAMILY-," "HOW DARE YOU-," "WHAT THE HELL IS YOUR PROBLEM-," "WHAT DID YOU DO WITH HERMIONE-," "-KILL YOU, MALFOY!" They both pause, chests heaving as they glare at me. I eye them coldly. "Are you finished?" I ask in a bored drawl. "I mean, continue on if you want to, but if I were you, I'd focus on the bigger issues, like the fact that your number one pal is on his way to kill you and torture your mu-," "-watch it-," Weasley growls. "-ggleborn princess," I finish, ignoring the interruption. Potter grits his teeth, and I can see him fighting the urge to continue shouting. Instead, he looks past me, over to the couch where Granger is still motionless. "He's right, Harry," Ron says, "as much as I hate to say it. The ferret's right. If we don't get out now-," "We won't get out at all," Harry finishes. "Do you have the bag?" Weasley holds up a beaded bag, nodding. It seems entirely unexceptional, and I am curious about it in spite of myself. "Nice purse, Weasel," I sneer. "Do you have the dress to go with it?" "Piss off, ferret," Ron snaps. His face softens as he looks at Granger. "We've gotta get going," he says. "Malfoy, how do we get out of here?" Potter asks me. "There are anti-apparation wards up," I tell him. "You know, to keep the riff-raff at bay. Of course, when they're specifically brought here…" "Malfoy," Potter growls warningly. I roll my eyes. "Out the window you came, through the courtyard. Take the fourth aisle of rosebushes, it'll lead you straight to an old gate that has no guard. It's your only chance out of here. I'd grab the girl and run. Not that I wouldn't mind if you stuck around to face your buddy, it might make things more interesting." "Yeah, I'm sure it gets really boring around here, with only torturing prisoners to watch," Weasley says angrily. "Bloody git," he adds in a mutter. "Get out of here before I change my mind," I snap back. Weasley pushes past me to grab Granger, and then jerks his head at me. "C'mon, Harry," he says. Potter starts to leave, and then comes back over to me. "Why'd you do it?" he asks me. "Not rat us out, I mean." "Don't go all soft on me, Potter," I say with an eyeroll, "I was saving my own ass as much as yours. Now get out, I'm not telling you again." Without another word, they leave silently, and I'm left alone in the room. I go back out to rejoin the rest of the Death Eaters in the drawing room. The screams of rage meet my ears before I enter the room, and my heart stops. He's here, and he's angry. I enter silently, surveying the kneeling followers whom he has just tortured, and he rounds on me, scarlet eyes burning. "And the young Mr. Malfoy returns!" he greets coldly. "Running away?" "Discarding the Mudblood, my lord," I whisper. "Granger is dead." I feel him trying to get into my mind, and I think only of her motionless body, and the bushes where I dumped the other four. He breaks into a grin and begins to laugh. The laughs echo off of the walls, and fill my head until it's all I can hear. I lay on my back, arms behind my head, and stare at the green canopy draping above my bed. Over and over again, the day plays in my head. The chaos, the adrenaline, the screams from Granger...the terror in her eyes, the way she pleaded with me. And, of course, the Machismo Twins, bursting in like heroes. " Why'd you do it?" I don't know, Potter. Why do you have to question everything? Don't you think I've been asking myself that same question? Why did I defy my family to their faces? Why did I lie straight to the one man who can destroy us, destroy everything? And for a mudblooded girl who has been a constant thorn in my side for 7 years? With an irritated huff, I flop onto my side, and stare bitterly at the wall. Only when I hear a tapping at my window do I move from my position. I find a small, puffy owl flapping its wings wildly to stay aloft. A tiny scrap of paper is tied to its leg. I grab the bird and pull it inside quickly before it can be seen, and untie the grimy parchment. " 12 Grimmauld. If you change your mind. HHR." The moment I've read it, it alights and burns into ash. It would appear that Potter is extending an olive branch. I snort humorlessly and put my candles out. The room is engulfed in darkness, and I lay motionless on my bed once again.