their pending agreement so when he told her about Tracey, she countered immediately by sharing a photo. It also made her feel good but she tried to ignore that as her father would consider that being soft although her mother would probably approve. Now though she had to handle Tracey, slowly a smile appeared on her face as she planned what to say to her nosy friend and she was really looking forward to it. It had also been fun to tease Potter. Overall, the meeting had worked out pretty well in Daphne's view. A rather bemused Harry slowly made his way back to Gryffindor tower. He had learned a lot and it appeared that he had an opportunity to learn even more. This could turn out to be very valuable to him. On the other hand, it was hard to trust someone that he'd really just met and the fact that she was a Slytherin didn't help. Then he considered the fact that his mother had had a Slytherin friend. She obviously hadn't shunned them so he probably shouldn't either. Also, he had seen some real signs of honesty, enough to make him cautiously optimistic but he really needed to talk to his friends. As he entered the common room, he saw Ron about the same time that Ron saw him. Hermione looked up from her book a moment later and he headed over to them. They were already in a rather isolated corner so it looked like a good time for a private talk. Ron spoke first, relief evident in his tone. "Good to see you, Mate." Harry barely managed not to roll his eyes, Ron seemed incapable of giving anyone the benefit of the doubt. "She didn't try to ambush me, Ron." It looked like Ron wanted to retort but he stopped himself. Hermione had the opposite reaction, "So, what did you two talk about?" "Mostly pureblood customs. She wants us to come to an agreement, to exchange information." "She didn't have you sign anything, did she?" "No, Ron. We're not going to write a contract, we're just going to go on promises." "Are they enforced by anything?" "Not that I know of and she has to talk to her father first anyway." "Her father? Why?" "He's her head of house, Lord Greengrass." Ron looked astonished. "Are you talking about a familial alliance?" "No, this is only about exchanging information." There was that alliance thing again. He was curious but Ron already seemed riled up so he decided to defer that question. His response seemed to satisfy Ron for the moment so Hermione stepped in. "What sort of information?" "She's going to teach me about pureblood customs and she will share information helpful to me like what is going on in Slytherin. Also stuff about my family, of course." Ron was surprised again. "That could be dead useful." "Exactly what I was thinking." Hermione was still concerned. "What does she want in return?" Harry felt a little sheepish. "Information about me and what's been happening." Hermione considered that for a moment, scrunching her nose slightly before asking, "And how do you feel about that?" "Not great but it might be worth it. She's contacting her father about confidentiality. I don't want anything going beyond Daphne and her father." "That's a good idea. Why do they want information about you, though?" Harry glanced around and lowered his voice forcing them all to lean in. "Her father suspects that Voldemort isn't gone for good. He wants to know what I know about what's going on so he can prepare their family for what might affect them." Ron jumped in again. "But Harry, are you sure her father's not a Death Eater?" He was about to deny that when he realized that they had never specifically covered that. "I don't think so. I guess I'll have to bring that up when she hears back from her father." "But she's in Slytherin! Can you trust what she says?" "She said she'd tell the truth." "If there's no enforcement on that, you won't know for sure." Harry sighed. Ron was getting a little irritating but it also looked like he needed another long talk with Daphne Greengrass. "By the way, nobody else can know about me getting information from Greengrass, it could get her in trouble." Ron frowned but after a moment, he nodded an acknowledgement. Harry looked at Hermione and she promptly said, "Of course, Harry." Harry suddenly realized he had one thing more to share. He took the photo from his pocket and held it so both of them could see as he pointed out who each of the girls were. He noticed a slight reaction from Ron when he pointed out Neville's mother. That increased his curiosity so he wanted to see if Ron would share information. "Neville has never mentioned his parents. Daphne knew something but said it wasn't her place to tell me." Harry looked at Ron as he said this and Ron noticed. "Ummmm, well, I reckon she has a point on that. If you want to know, you should ask Neville. I don't know anything for sure, just what I heard. It might not be right anyway." Harry nodded thoughtfully then looked at both of them. "Should I show this to him?" Hermione nodded yes right away but Ron thought a moment before saying, "Yes." With their endorsement confirming what he had already planned, Harry got up and headed for the stairs after failing to see Neville in the common room. Hermione considered Ron thoughtfully after Harry left. She was surprised that Ron kept what he thought he knew to himself out of consideration for someone else. It wasn't the sort of thing she was accustomed to seeing from him and she sort of liked it. When Ron seemed aware of her attention and began to fidget, she just smiled and returned to her book. Apparently, Ron could be more complex than she had thought.