current head for the department has expressed to me her desire to retire, leaving me with the need to find her replacement." Kingsley finished with a smile at the expressions of disbelief evident on everyone's faces. "Congratulations, babe!" Ron was the first person to unfreeze and he jumped up and hugged his wife, knocking her off the arm of his chair as he did so. Both of them were laughing as they stood back up. Harry joined in as he realized that, maybe, this wasn't going to be the end of the world. Even Kingsley cracked a smile before continuing on. "I believe that the remainder of the Weasley family should know the truth however, but then, as far as we are capable, the knowledge ends there. I will be involved in telling the family and making sure that the truth of Ginny's death does not get out, but I will leave it to the three of you to establish an appropriate cover for Harry. Now, I must ask you to lead me to where this all went down and then we shall inform Molly and the rest." With a nod, Harry stood and apparated to Grimmauld Place and waited for Kingsley to follow. To his surprise both Ron and Hermione appeared as well. Silently, he led them up to the attic and unsealed it. He remained outside while both Kingsley and Hermione entered. "Well, there doesn't seem to be anything left hiding in there." Kingsley said as he exited the door. "It also seems as if the vampire has truly expired, so there is nothing to change in where we move from here. Now, downstairs." When they reached the bedroom, Hermione joined Ron and Harry in their avoidance of the room while Kingsley examined what happened. Every now and again, he would cast a spell that they could not tell what its purpose was. Eventually he returned to them and pronounced that he was done and that no one would be able to tell that she hadn't died of a miscarriage. Then Kingsley sent the three of them back to Ron and Hermione's while he dealt with breaking the news to the rest of the family, promising to return once he was finished. When they returned to the house, Hermione began to explain the basic rules to Harry. "You will have to remain indoors during the day, since sunlight is harmful. It won't kill you immediately but repeated or prolonged exposure without hunting will. Because of your status, you will want to save the times you expose yourself to sunlight for important events and the like. Also, hunting has been restricted for all vampires, which means that you are only allowed to target muggles. I don't like that but I didn't get to make the rules. Since we are trying to keep you as low profile as possible, I am going to recommend that you attempt to hunt out of the country where possible. You are able to go for long periods of time without hunting, and I can help prolong that a little bit by donating small amounts of my blood each day. Unfortunately, I will not be able to teach you how to hunt which means you will be learning on your own. Another reason to hunt away from large wizarding populations. The biggest thing that we are going to have to worry about is your self-control around people since you will still be expected to perform certain duties such as making appearances at large functions. You seem to be doing well enough right now, but we cannot expect that it will always hold." "I know, I just don't want to hurt anyone else, if I know them or not." "Harry, mate, you have to eat just like the rest of us. You just eat a little differently now." "It's been over an hour, do you think Kingsley has finished talking to Molly yet?" As soon as Hermione finished speaking, the floo roared to life depositing Kingsley, quickly followed by Molly, into the living room. "Oh, Harry!" Molly rushed forward and enveloped Harry into a hug. Harry froze, not trusting himself with her so close to him. "I'm so sorry that this happened to you. None of us blame you dear, it all happened so fast and you didn't even know." "I bet Percy was a right prat about it" Ron scoffed. "Yes, well, Percy has always seen things a little differently" Molly paused to catch her breath and pursed her lips before she continued speaking. "Even if he doesn't agree with how the Minister has asked us all to acknowledge the situation, he will stick to the story. He learned a thing or two about supporting his family during the war. And no matter what has happened, Harry is as much a part of this family as him or Ginny." "He's probably just afraid that Harry'll go after him if he says anything." "Ronald!" The shout came from both Molly Weasley and Hermione. "Even if Harry were allowed to hunt wizards, he wouldn't go after Percy. Would you Harry?" Hermione turned to Harry with a stern glare. "Of course not, Hermione" Harry answered her with a smile, although he sent Ron a wink once Hermione turned her back. "Harry, you have one week off from the auror department in order to grieve for the loss of Ginny before I will expect a letter of resignation from you. Obviously, it is already in effect, but one is still needed with a reasonable excuse for the public story," Kingsley said before he stepped back into the floo and returned to his office. "I need to get back home too, Harry dear, but make sure that you come by soon. We still like to see you around the Burrow whenever you feel like it." With that, Molly took her leave, giving the three time to talk and decide how they were going to make their new changed relationship work.