so easy to talk to, they all were, except for Sabine. Soon enough Hermione found herself yawning and nearly falling asleep on Fleur's shoulder. The conversation had turned to France's Quidditch team, a topic of conversation that would always send Hermione to sleep. She supposed she had better get used to it, as it turned out the entire family was Quidditch mad. She jumped when Isabelle shouted. "God, look at the time, we've been talking for hours." Hermione looked at the clock and saw it was nearly midnight. No wonder she was feeling tired. "Come on, time to get you to bed ma belle," whispered Fleur, placing a tender kiss on Hermione's forehead. Hermione smiled and allowed herself to be pulled up off the sofa. She waved goodnight to all the cousins, who each wished Hermione good night and said how lovely the evening had been. "You will fit right in here Hermione," smiled Helena, kissing Hermione on the cheek. Hermione smiled and waved at them all and left the room. The scowl on Sabine's face did not escape her notice. Her legs felt like lead as Fleur half-carried her up the stairs towards the blonde's room. Once inside the room Hermione threw herself down face first onto the soft bed, sighing in contentment. She felt a tugging on her leg and looked over her shoulder to see Fleur removing her shoes. She rolled over and began to undress, whilst Fleur went over to the dresser and removed some nightwear for the both of them. "I had the house elves put your things away, I hope you don't mind," said Fleur, handing Hermione's nightwear over. "Thank you," replied Hermione, failing to stifle a yawn. She got changed and climbed into bed, snuggling under the silk sheets, sighing again at how comfortable the bed was. She waved her wand and applied a few cleansing spells. Fleur crawled under the sheets, immediately drawing Hermione against her body. They were silent for a moment, revelling in sharing a bed once more. "Fleur?" "Mmmm," came Fleur's sleepy reply. "What was that, with Sabine I mean? It looked like everyone was ready to jump in and stop the two of you fighting." Fleur sighed and sat up in bed. Hermione followed giving her girlfriend a curious look. "Sabine is the oldest out of this generation, myself, Gabrielle and my cousins. Despite that I am the one who is the heir apparent and that's something Sabine does not like. She thinks as the oldest that she should be the heir to the family, but it doesn't work that way. My mother is the oldest out of my grandmother's daughters and I'm her oldest. Sabine just doesn't agree and likes to subtly, or not so subtly remind me." Hermione nodded, beginning to understand Sabine's behaviour. "So why did the others react in the way they did?" "Do you remember what Corinne said, about the pack mentality?" Fleur asked. Hermione nodded. "Well Veelas are pack animals, similar to wolves. We have an alpha and a strict hierarchy. It is not as primitive as with animals, but there is an alpha. At the moment that is my grandmother. She is the alpha of the entire Coven. To keep things simple it is like she is the Queen. I will be the next alpha, so in the hierarchy I will only submit to my grandmother or my mother. The others acted in the way they did and Sabine submitted, because I have a higher position within the Coven. Does that make sense?" Hermione nodded, frowning slightly. "I think so, or at least I understand to a point, but I'm too tired to go further into. Maybe tomorrow?" Fleur nodded. "Of course ma belle and I'm sure my grandmother can answer any of questions as well." Hermione nodded, thinking to herself. "Why does Sabine hate me? I know you said to give as good as she gets, but I wasn't expecting that. I thought you meant she would be inappropriate with her humour." Fleur sighed. "It is because of me. Now that I have a mate, the line is secure. No one will challenge me for leadership of the Coven. Rarely there will be a power struggle. A Veela can challenge an alpha and if they win they become the new alpha. It hasn't happened in centuries, but I believe Sabine thought she would have grounds for one if I did not have a mate because the bloodline would not be considered secure. You can't just challenge the alpha for the sake of it, you have to have a genuine reason." Hermione bit her lip, wondering what kind of problems Sabine may cause. "Please do not be worried ma belle. Sabine wouldn't dare try anything, not now. She has no grounds for a challenge and to be honest I don't think she would have done anyway. My grandmother keeps her in line, she just occasionally forgets herself. Her reaction to you was probably down to her being a sore loser. You should see when she loses at Quidditch," joked Fleur, nudging Hermione with her shoulder in an attempt at relieving the worry. Hermione smiled weakly. "Are you sure?" Fleur nodded and captured Hermione's lips in a kiss. "Positive. You will see what a sore loser she is when the annual Delacour Quidditch Tournament is held." "You have a Quidditch Tournament?" said Hermione, disbelievingly. "Oui," replied Fleur. "Every summer, it gets very competitive. It will be held the day after the Solstice celebration. Don't worry you won't have to play, but you can cheer for me." Hermione couldn't help but smile at Fleur. Her girlfriend sure knew how to ease her worries. "Now come on, let's sleep," said Fleur lying back down and wrapping Hermione up in her arms. "Tomorrow our summer together begins. We have a day at the beach to look forward to and I get to spend an entire day with you in a bikini." "You're incorrigible," laughed Hermione.