again. She knew that the library must have been beyond the kitchen because she had explored the other rooms that were downstairs. "It's this way" a voice rang out in the silence. She spun around to find Remus grinning at her. "Come on, follow me. The library is just through here" Lupin explained. Hermione followed Lupin into the Library and she gasped in awe at the magnificence of the room. The room was huge with a massive fireplace that made the room shine. She noticed that there were a few desks and comfortable chairs and sofas. What she marvelled at was the amount of books that there was, because of the height of the room itself there was a ladder attached to the bookcase itself so that you could reach the books that were placed higher up. Hermione wanted to pinch herself to make sure she wasn't dreaming and she became vaguely aware of a voice calling her name. "Earth to Hermione, everything ok?" Remus laughed, she was so lost in the library that she had literally gone into daydream world. Hermione blinked and once again became fully aware of her surroundings and then she began to ask some questions and made inquiries about the history of the library and if some of the books were family journals, was there anything that she shouldn't look at and if the library was categorised. Lupin laughed and shook his head at her questions "There are family journals in here, mostly at the top and when you come into the room the books on the left are wizarding books and the the books on the right are mainly classic muggle literature. You will know if anything is dangerous or you shouldn't look at it because the book will be warded so you won't be able to open it" Remus told her. He yawned "I'm off to bed Hermione it's been a long day, Good night" Lupin said. "Good night Remus" she smiled back. She wanted so badly to spend all night in here looking through the books but she knew she was far too exhausted for that so she went and looked at the classical literature and found one of her favourites , Jane Austin's 'Sense and Sensibility'. She loved this book, whilst other girls were waiting for their Prince Charming to ride in on his white horse like a knight in shining armour; Hermione was still waiting for her Colonel Brandon. She always thought that the sweetest men were the men who knew what it was like to love and lose because these men would treat everything they had as sacred and she just wished she could mean that much to someone someday. She took the book and made her way back towards the kitchen to grab a glass of water to take to bed in case she got thirsty in the night. She then trekked up the stairs and realised that as it was probably after midnight by now, she would tiptoe as quietly as she could past Snape's door. She made it to her bedroom and set her glass and book down on the bedside table and realised she should probably use the facilities before getting into bed. She made her way to the bathroom and relived herself before quietly making her way back to her bedroom. She opened the bathroom door and lightly closed the door. "What do you think you are doing Miss Granger?" Snape asked coolly as she stepped out of the bathroom. "I-I was going to the lavatory sir" she replied confused. Was it such a crime to go to the bathroom? "Don't be dense, it doesn't suit you Granger. I meant a moment ago when you tried to sneak back up the stairs and past my room" he raised an eyebrow. She blushed, not quite so stealth as she thought she had been then. "I went and got a book and a glass of water from the kitchen" she said honestly. "Well, next time I want you in your room by ten thirty, this may not be Hogwarts but I still expect you to be in bed by a decent hour and so the same curfew that is in place at the school will be enforced here as well" Snape grinned knowing that this would piss her off. Hermione silently fumed, how unfair! This was the summer holidays after all. What right did he have to boss her around when she is out of his jurisdiction. "Is that all sir?" She spat out bitterly at him. His smirk grew "Awwww, the Gryffindor princess is getting all angry because she is tired. Run along little girl and get to bed, should I find you wandering these halls for any reason other than to use the facilities, you will find yourself in numerous detentions come September, am I clear?" He drawled. "Yes Professor, I find it generous that you would permit me to use the facilities if needed, I thought you would have stopped that as it could annoy you" she said honestly. "Miss Granger, yes it would annoy me however, I may be strict but I am no monster. You are human with needs and we can't have the princess causing herself damage now can we?" He stated rhetorically. He continued smirking again "Unless of course you have an accident and piss the bed, then I will aid you with magic, at the expense of mockery of course" he finished. Hermione flushed red, embarrassed, how dare he suggest that she would wet the bed and how dare he think about mocking her if she did? The nerve of that man. She turned her back on him and walked into her room, slamming the door as she went. She climbed into bed and found that she was too exhausted to begin her book so she turned out the light and immediately started to drift off. 'This is going to be a long summer' she thought to herself.