that I did not really register the arrival and when I entered the Great Hall with firm and determined steps, I did not want to let myself know that I was a little intimidated myself and fought my uncertainty and nervousness with my knowledge of Hogwarts. Again, a point that was made obvious was how different I was from my comrades. I had read all the books and knew everything there was to know about Hogwarts from books, especially "Hogwarts: A History". I wondered how these pure-blooded, magical children could have no idea of these things! It also revealed how different we were in our behavior. I found them ignorant, they surely thought me a know-it-all, but nothing could dampen my euphoria. I was exuberantly enthusiastic and from the moment it became clear what my peers thought of me, I knew I wanted to be the best witch in the world! Being here was a miracle and I would make it my own personal miracle! The impressions flooded me right then and there. There was the enchanted ceiling, which I had already read about, but what was really beautiful and overwhelming, was a hat that had suddenly begun to speak, and I listened with pricked ears. Oh you may not think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find A smarter hat than me. You can keep your bowlers black, Your top hats sleek and tall, For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And I can cap them all. There's nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can't see, So try me on and I will tell you Where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folks use any means To achieve their ends. So put me on! Don't be afraid! And don't get in a flap! You're in safe hands (though I have none) For I'm a Thinking Cap! (Quote from Volume 1 Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Chapter 7) Gradually, the students sat down and were sorted into the houses. I was terribly nervous for when my turn would finally come. The division into the houses this evening would be decisive for our future. In the meantime, I switched my gaze to a teacher, an old man with a long, white beard, and tried to push away the feeling that his good-natured countenance was merely a spectacle. He seemed so innocent with his mild smile that my feelings felt absurd. The rest of the staff did not really captivate me. The lady, who had brought us in, appeared to me to be strict but possessing integrity, so I could handle it. The giant at the end of the table attracted my attention because of his size. I saw Professor Burbage, who had introduced me into the magical world, and a very gloomy man, who seemed to be quite young, and yet sink completely into blackness. His face was unreadable, but he seemed incredibly competent in his self-assured and yet repulsive appearance. Only the call of my name made me start out of my contemplation. "Mmm, very difficult," the squeaky voice said in my ear as the hat slipped over my eyes. "Difficult, I see a lot of courage. A brilliant head, I must say. There is more than talent... here is geniality, my goodness, yes, and how... and a strong thirst to prove itself, now that is interesting, so young and so clever... where am I going to put you, young lady? So much trickery..." "Please... I have no idea!" I thought, overwhelmed, and was once again, quite to my astonishment, the hat spoke to me. These new worlds made me look forward to the challenges, but how did this work? "So irresolute! Oh, and yet so inquisitive! Not to worry, you would be a good Hufflepuff, only the rest of the Hufflepuffs would not be for you," the hat replied doubtfully, and I frowned. This was definitely not a compliment. "Uh," I said, eloquently, but the hat did not allow me to finish. "Exciting... to my astonishment, you would make yourself great in Slytherin. It's all there in your head and the friends you would find there, really… only your blood does not satisfy the founder enough... a shame, if only you were a half-blood... a pity... a shame..." said the hat. Apparently I was being judged for something I could not control. "Even Ravenclaw would be fit for your knowledge-minded spirit, but not a challenge..." the hat gradually broke up and it made me uneasy. Where would I spend the next few years if he rejected every house? "Is there no house for me?" I asked cautiously. "Of course, everyone has his place, then simply... Gryffindor!" He shouted only the last word loudly into the hall and the elderly lady pulled my hat off my head. I jumped up without hesitation and hurried happily towards the table of my House and to my uncertain future too. I was full of good things, despite the negative facets of the magical world that I had already experienced today! So, we hope you enjoyed it! You might've realised that the stories gramatic changed a bit during this shot, as I started to use Google Translator for help. He's my new best friend! Though I'm still looking for a Beta, as I do need someone having a double read over it. I'd be glad when you're interested in helping me, to be a beta, just send me a message. ;) My very best late Christmas Wishes and a very Happy New Year!