they flourished . 'Scratch… scratch… scratch… scratch… scratch' Hermione had attacked her hands, her arms, everywhere, the blood, his blood was all over them, and it wasn't coming off, why wouldn't it come off? 'Scratch… scratch… scratch… scratch… scratch' She could remember then, that first set of robes, so stiff they made a noise when she moved, whenever she moved. So harsh they made her skin break out in rashes, pulling the blood to the surface, she didn't feel it. Hermione reflectively smoothed her hands over her arms; she had deserved the rashes that had formed, like she deserved the solitude and the cold now. She twisted onto her side and stared at the crumbling brick. Evander was waiting at the back of the dirty room again, standing amongst his brothers . He had forgone the offering of books they left on the side, having already almost memorised every ill kept page. Shaking the tension from off his shoulders, he sat in his usual spot, at his usual table, and tried not to watch the door. She wasn't here yet, though there was no doubt she would be back, the guards had looked delighted when they had pushed her in the last time, what they anticipated the assembled would do, who knew? Did they think any of the doomed men here were interested in enacting revenge, on someone who had been little more than a child during the war? Well, maybe some amongst them would, but then again, some of them weren't in charge of their faculties anymore. Anyone who had any of their cognitive processing ability remaining would have been able to recognise that the shell that was deposited in the room was not the same girl that had been fighting for so long. For himself he harboured no desire to cause her harm, Evander was much more moved to study her. His eyes had regarded her almost desperately, ravenously taking in every tiny detail of her person and committing it to memory. The tightness of the collar they had pressed around her throat, how it made her breath rasp as she tried to draw in gulps of air and blow it back out without drawing attention to herself. How she had blinked when she entered, as if she was bathing in the moon's glow for the first time, how she averted her gaze at first, her eyes resting on the tips of her tiny feet. How strange, for you to be blinded by the light in a room filled with so much darkness. He had watched her pick up the poetry book absently and slide down the wall, landing in a small, tidy heap on the floor. Evander wasn't the only one watching, they all were, there wasn't much in the way of 'new' around here. She was small, too skinny, and incredibly detached from the whole world around her. She should have been terrified walking into the room and yet he had detected no fear from her. Instead of cowering, Hermione Granger had turned the pages of the tattered book in front of her systemically, rhythmically, too blankly to be reading. Her skin was so pale it was almost translucent, a beautiful sort of irony that he could almost see what lurked beneath her flesh as her eyes now gave away nothing. Her slim fingers were marred by cuts and dirt, but she held the book delicately, though not with a practised air, it was like muscle memory, her hands forming a familiar shape even though her brain did not give the command. Awareness prickled along his cheek, and Evander turned his head slightly to meet the eyes of Thorfinn, the blonde was eyeing him knowingly, something close to amusement lingered in the corners, something he hadn't seen on the man's face for a long time. He didn't acknowledge the accusation that look held, he met his eyes dead on, in silent challenge. Evander may have liked the man, more than any other he was entombed with in any case, but there were rules about how things were done between them, even in here. He was in no way attempting to keep his interest to himself. He turned his head back around to glance at the door before resting his eyes back on the table surface. What had she done to wind up here? In this now defunct game, the broken princess was left lying amongst the ashes. Evander remembered when he was five or six, finding a bird in the gardens at the Manor while he had been out exploring. It's unusual colouring had stuck out in the crispness of the winter day. Bright, exotic blue plumes had sung against the snow that blanketed the ground. Its body was slumped, with one wing badly broken and Evander had lifted it gently into one hand, resolving to take it inside. His father had belittled his behaviour, aggressively taunting him for his bleeding heart and Evander hadn't bothered to enlighten him, rather, he let him believe whatever he wanted about his actions. Despite his conduct, Evander hadn't expected the bird to live, he had spared no thought of nursing it back to health, or any other such nonsense. The mercy he had offered was simpler in intent. He couldn't have bared the idea of leaving a creature so beautiful to die in a place so harsh, so foreign to its existence. With my hand, I do not offer salvation, eternal life or peace, but hope, abstract and blissfully uncertain. Evander had watched the girl with the glazed eyes, her once exuberant curls falling around her face like a shroud of withered feathers, and he had made the decision to speak to her. She had held up her book, offering what had, at first, seemed like a vacant answer to a probing question, until he had studied her, then his countenance changed, she had done as much as she could, probably more than she had for a long time.