be seen drawing, writing, and anything else creative in their free time. Rest assured when hanging with one of them you will be having fun, but in an original way. They are usually the ones that help set up the party, but it doesn't mean they're not there somewhere having an intimate discussion with someone. House colors are light blue and white, the house animal is a pure white cat. To read more: olympemaxime. Proboards dot com/thread/ 46168#ixzz 4hK2UbddE Note: There had been another website I visited while researching the Houses of Beauxbatons. Ultimately, I decided to use the above information in this work. If you are interested, please feel free to check it out in the website below: Beauxbatons academyx. weebly dot-com/ Note: What I found interesting was that instead of a sorting as tradition in Hogwarts, students shot an arrow and whatever color it depicted once it exploded, that was the house you belonged to. Last, but certainly not least The real Beauty and the Beast (which this story was the true inspiration for this work): Petrus Gonsalvus and his wife Catherine met in 1500s France. Petrus Gonsalvus was born in 1537 on the Canary Island of Tenerife, the largest of Spain's seven Canary Islands off the coast of West Africa. He does have connections to French royalty. At a young age, Gonsalvus was treated as an uncivilized curiosity. The hairy "wild man" was captured and put into an iron cage. For food, he was given raw meat and animal feed. He was shipped to King Henry II of France as a gift for the king's coronation in 1547. Fortunately, King Henry II did not see Gonsalvus as a freak that should be kept in a cage. The king recognized Gonsalvus' calm demeanor and decided to try an experiment. He would attempt to educate and transform him into a gentleman. The king allowed him to keep his birth name, Pedro González, but only if he used its Latin form, Petrus Gonsalvus. The boy was given clothes and cooked meals. He was taught to speak, read, and write in not just one, but three languages, receiving the education of a nobleman. The royal court was impressed and his social status rose. Yet, most still viewed him as less than human. The real Beauty and the Beast met after Gonsalvus' mentor and protector, King Henry II, was killed in a jousting match on July 10, 1559. Gonsalvus became the property of the king's widow, Catherine de Medici, who became ruler and decided to conduct her own experiment with Gonsalvus. She wondered what would happen if her "beast" married a beautiful woman. Would they conceive little beasts? She found a wife for Gonsalvus, a young maiden also named Catherine, who was the daughter of a royal court servant. Petrus Gonsalvus met his wife Catherine for the first time on their wedding day. The pair had seven children, with four of the seven suffering from their father's condition, hypertrichosis. This delighted the king's widow, who had succeeded in creating a "wild family." Petrus and Catherine were married for more than 40 years, with Catherine passing in 1623 and Petrus several years prior. There is no record of his death, possibly because he was not considered a human being worthy of a Christian burial, and therefore his death was not recorded. Petrus was last mentioned in the year 1617 at the christening of his grandson, and he is believed to have passed away sometime around 1618. The family's story spread throughout the region, eventually becoming the inspiration for one of the most popular love stories in literature, and subsequently, modern cinema. Their widely-known story is thought to have inspired Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve's 1740 French fairy tale The Beauty and the Beast. The best-known version of The Beauty and the Beast written 16 years later by Jeanne-Marie Le Prince de Beaumont, and was geared more toward young ladies than adults. The fashions in the Disney movies indicate that the time period is the mid to late 1700s, which is reflective of the time period of the fairy tale, not of the true story that inspired it. Author's Notes: There will be no more poetic prose at the beginning of the chapters. I've come to the point where I'm done dealing with people who aren't inclined to appreciate them, and I no longer care for them. I do hope this adaptation of Beauty and the Beast isn't too disappointing, seeing as I have been researching the real story, marking corresponding historical events, and other meniscal information for the better part of the New Year, and even the months prior. I have NEVER taken greater consideration in a fic until this one. Was it strange to write Lavender as the sensible one? Absolutely not! Especially when it came to wanting to end the lesson so they all can conclude their most hated leisure and go out and enjoy the remaining hours of the day. I think I speak for all the girls when I say that she is a lifesaver! Ginerva will doubt come to be the strong, reliant best friend of Hermione Jean (I say that because she is under the illusion that she knows not of her mother and father/family). I am pleased to say that I'm loving the direction this work is going :) Chapter two is well underway. Despite my hectic schedule this coming week, I will try my best to have it up by next weekend. I'm in the middle of reading The Beauty and the Beast for the first time, and there are so many elements of both depictions that make writing a Harry Potter version of it so fulfilling. This is truly a remarkable undertaking and I'm delighted to say (once again!) that I'm so excited to share this with you! Please feel free to review, if you would be so kind and tell me what you think about the story thus far. Until next time, -Carolare Scarletus