he went!" "Oh yes, I don't think he went anywhere without a camera after about age 9 or so. I remember threatening him at one point when he followed me around my house for an entire weekend taking pictures every few minutes. I was so grouchy, but good old Collin, he never let anyone bring him down. He was as enthusiastic and gung ho as ever." Ron twirled Hermione as part of song, and then she came back into his arms. When they came back together, Ron felt that jolt again as he had when they started dancing, and from the way Hermione caught her breath for a moment, he thought she felt something too. He held her a little tighter as the music switched to a slower song and he felt her relax into his arms. He was amazed at how natural yet terrifying it felt to hold this muggle woman in his arms. He glanced up over her head and saw Harry and Ginny each giving him a thumbs up. Quickly shifting his eyes from their unhelpful gestures, his head began to churn. Could he really date a muggle? His father's reaction aside, how could a non magical person possibly understand his life, and how could he bring an innocent muggle into the circus that was his life. The press would have a field day. And yet, as he felt her sigh into his chest as he pulled her closer, he wasn't sure he was willing to just let her walk away from his life. Hermione's mind was spinning as Ron held her closer. She breathed in his scent and somehow felt at home in his strong embrace. She couldn't ever remember feeling this attracted to someone – let alone someone she just met. The rational part of her brain started kicking into overdrive. She was leaving the country for several years in a few days. She wouldn't even have a phone number. She couldn't possibly ask him to please wait for her to be back in two or three years so maybe they could go on a first date. Did she even know his last name? She didn't think so. So many good reasons to step away right now. Yet she felt herself melt a little further into his arms. She was rather certain he felt it too, as his breathing had changed as well. The next thing they both knew someone was announcing that everyone was encouraged to head to the front entrance to see Dennis and Fiona off. Reluctantly, Ron and Hermione pulled apart. After a moment of shared silence, Hermione ventured, "Well I suppose if they're off I should be getting back to my table as my parents will want to leave soon. I really enjoyed dancing with you, Ron. Tell your brothers that they were quite wrong in their assessment of your skills." He smiled. "I'll be sure to that rub that in whenever I have an opportunity." She turned to go, but he reached for her wrist to stop her. "Can I see you again, Hermione? Could I maybe take you to dinner sometime?" Hermione sighed. "As much as I would really love that, and I really would, Ron," she emphasized as she touched his arm gently, "unfortunately I am leaving town next week. Not just leaving town really – I am headed out on a multi-year tour of refugee camps around the world for my job. I won't even have an address or a phone number." "Oh," Ron said lamely. "I am suddenly wishing Dennis had gotten married a year ago so I wasn't meeting you on the eve of me moving out of England." "I think I share your wish." "You know. Here. Let me jot down my email address. At the very least we can keep in touch, and if something changes and I come back sooner, then maybe we can try again then." Ron smiled and nodded, though he had no idea what an email address was. He watched as Hermione jotted down a series of letters and symbols onto a cocktail napkin and handed it to him. "I really had a lovely time tonight, Ron." "I did too, Hermione. I hope you enjoy your work. And maybe we will cross paths when you come back." She smiled and hugged him before heading back to her parents. Ron was torn as he watched her go. Rationally he knew a relationship with a muggle would be inherently complicated. But there was something about her that drew him like a magnet. Harry came up to Ron and patted him on the back. "That went well, huh mate?" "Well, it was brilliant right up to the point where she said she is leaving England next week for work." "That's alright, you could see her when she comes back." "Yeah – that won't be for at least two years. She handed me some gibberish muggle thing and asked me to send her email. What in the bloody hell is that anyway?" "I'm sorry, Ron. Two years, huh? Rough. And email is like sending a typed up letter over the computer instead of through the post." "I guess that sums it up then. I am really not cut out to date a muggle anyway. I mean – of all people – the press would eat her alive." "I don't know. She seemed to be able to hold her own pretty well I think." "She's a muggle, Harry! It wouldn't work anyway. Maybe it's for the best." "Maybe this is that lump of tea leaves I could never read right back in Trelawney's class. This must be that 'you'll be happy and then you won't be happy and then you'll be happy about not being happy' part. So – I guess I owe you a firewhisky." "You're messed up, mate." "I know. But you love me for it," Harry laughed as he threw his arm around Ron and led him over to the bar.