wouldn't move a great deal while she was positioned on his lap. He was dangerously close to embarrassing himself. Ginny raised her head to look him in the eye. "So, are we good now? No more doubts?" Harry dropped his chin and gazed at that delicious strip of skin near her navel. "Like I've ever been sure about anything," he muttered. "But more sure, I hope. I know this is hard. I don't always understand why, but I'm trying. You can't do this alone. And I want to be with you." She cupped the back of his head and kissed him, hard and possessive. "Please let me help." "Okay, Ginny. I… Okay." She placed her head back against his shoulder, holding him close. "You didn't really want to leave me, did you?" "No, never," Harry said honestly. "I just thought I didn't have a choice." "You always have choices, Harry," Ginny said. "But you need help to see them." Harry snorted in amusement. "That sounds like what Scott's been telling me." "Lila told me that, actually." Ginny ran her fingers through his hair, and then tilted her head, bringing their lips near enough to feel the warmth. "She didn't say anything about this , though." Harry lost himself in her lips, tongue and scent, and for that moment he didn't doubt a thing. (a letter jotted on the back of a blank envelope) Had fun at your reunion? I heard you enjoyed yourself very much remind me not to sit on that couch anymore. Fuck your balls Scott (a letter written on personalized pale lavender stationary) Dear Harry, Ginny wrote me a lengthy letter detailing your meeting with her. I'm glad that you've decided (again) to see reason, though I admit I'm a bit worried as to how long it will last. I know Ginny had you convinced at the time, but, as we both know, you aren't very reliable when it comes to this particular. I've had some doubts (never about my own involvement, Harry!) the same as you, but I do realise that it's not as personal. Still, during our current separation I've given it a lot of thought, and, much as it pains me to put it in writing, I think Scott is correct. Past evidence points to Ginny being as inextricable from this mess as the rest of us. And yes, Harry, we are just as involved as you! Don't you dare mentally stagger off into another bout of solitary despair. You're stuck with us, like it or not. I'd prefer that you like it, but I know you too well. Please don't distance yourself now. It's so very important that we collaborate in this. I really can't stress that enough. And if, as things may be now, you feel more inclined to listen to Scott, then I know he would tell you the same thing. Wishing we could talk in person, Hermione (a letter written on ruled notebook paper) Hermione, I couldn't think of any good way to respond to your last letter which is why this is so late. I felt guilty. I still do. And not about the whole thing with Ginny, I mean that's still a problem I can't get over it just like that. But that you— I would have made you think that your advice doesn't mean anything or that Scott is my only God I can't do this in writing. I'm not a writer. Scott is my friend, and I think he is yours too, but he wasn't there to fight a troll with us. He wasn't there at the Department or to help Sirius or at any of the million times that you were there for me like you always have been. At all the important parts of my life the worst and the best and come on, Hermione. You and Ron were the first real friends I ever had. I just hate this thought that maybe I made you feel like what you had to say was second to Scott. Maybe when he's talking about guns. But you know magic and you know me and Writing this all down has made me realise how stupid I was to even consider trying this alone. Sorry. When you're putting together all the plans that will actually get us somewhere you can laugh about how daft I am. And then Ron can punch me again. Harry P.S. How detailed was Ginny's letter? (a letter written on heavy parchment) Hermione says that Ginny convinced you all over again that taking her was a good idea. Is it just me or are all the women against us? I'm not mad at you anymore, Harry. I think us blokes need to stick together. Fred and George were over here a couple days ago, talking about moving you to a safer place. I didn't catch the details. You know those gits, they won't tell me anything. Anyway, taking Ginny is still a bad idea but this whole bloody thing is a bad idea. Nobody's going to be safe anywhere, not anymore. Guess we have to accept that. It doesn't make me a poof to be scared right? Too fucking right I'm scared. Bloody hell. Sod it. Almost time to get on with it. I bet Hermione will know what to do. Ron (a letter written on blank white stationary) Harry, It will be your birthday before too long. I know I told you not to worry earlier, but I guess I am now. You have to promise me you'll be careful. And for God's sake, don't change your mind about me again. I'll be very cross with you. Love, Ginny * Southern Cross was written by the American poet Hart Crane, and is not of my invention. This initial quote selection will be, from this point forward, the sole exception: the poems and quotes prefacing all subsequent chapters are entirely fictional, and are not excerpted from the works of any actual poets or authors.