unforgiving they are? I've seen what they can do, Harry. What this can do to people. You didn't just lose a mother that night, you know. I lost a sister." The façade of her picturesque nature crumbled away, leaving behind a frightened little girl. In this interface, Harry could see for himself the substitute idol that was slowly destroying his aunt. Not only was she scared, she was terrified of what she might find outside of the walls of this house. Whatever had gotten her sister could inevitably get her, too. "What are you most afraid of?" Petunia looked up, tears filling her eyes. As one escaped to the crook of her nose, she murmured her answer softly into the scape of the room. "Dying." She told him. "I'm afraid of dying." "Listen, people die." He took in a deep breath and let it out sharply. "People live, they become scared and lose hope- this makes you human. Don't let the threat of what's out there hinder you. I made a promise to you years ago, when you were the first one to notice what was happening to me, that I'd protect you. Magic, despite some belief, is far greater and far safer than a majority of what you'll find out there- "He pointed to the rain-stricken window, and Petunia's eyes traveled instantly to the cover. "Your worst fear only exists if you allow it to. Out there, everything is out and the only thing you have to rely on are the ones who are willing to die for you." "How can you be so brave, even in the bleakest of times?" In that profound moment, Harry suddenly stopped talking. He never really had the chance to sit down and about his actions. His instinct was always do now and think later. Just as he was about to question ever popular belief he had, a flash of light lightened up the room and he knew that it was too late to reconcile any differences that they may have. It was in that instant that he realized just how much his Aunt gave up, and that their secret kinship had blossomed into something inherently different. She could see now the struggle that befell him; he felt every emotion as it boiled over him and for once, he wasn't just relying on the stoic spar of his facial features to tell him what was going on. This was real. "How do you deal with the deaths?" Her voice trembled with the exhaustion of her question. Time came to a halt between them. "How can you stand knowing what's out there and still risk your life?" "It isn't the easiest thing," he admitted with a simplistic nod. With a difficult sigh, Harry elaborated. There was a word he had been searching for all this time. Through the neglect, the abuse, the non-stop pressure to conform to ideals, they had grown on them. And, not because he felt obligated to. "They're family. You have to protect your family." "And, th…those people from school?" For some reason, the difficulty to understand his reason behind what would look like a suicidal mission for someone else. It lingered. To ask such a loaded question struck him so hard that he staggered, almost dropping the piece of mirror. In an instant, he remembered he had cut himself. When he went to bandage his finger up with an old t-shirt, he felt his aunt's eyes travel to the injured hand and she let out a sort of disconcerted gasp that normally would have jolted him into action. However, in the blind of chaos, he remained perfectly calm. "He was like that, too." "What?" his head whipped up at her accusation. His aunt acted as if he didn't hear him. "Your father. You're very much like your father." "You've met him?" It was the hardest thing to picture and accept. "He wasn't the easiest to forget," Petunia admitted. "Not that his nature would allow it." "What do you mean?" he asked, nervous now. Petunia looked at him and sighed. In that pivotal moment, everything that had fallen between them began to piece themselves back together again. Memory after memory began an eternal stich on the quilt that was the string of guidance. At first, it didn't provoke any returnable need until Harry's eyes roamed over to where it hovered. All along he questioned himself for coming back upstairs to this dank little room that overlooked the front porch, where his friends tried to bail him out and where he spent countless hours trying to remember everything there was before the break of day. Inside that trunk lay every memory that he could possibly hold onto and hope for. He was just too blind to see it. Harry walked over to the trunk and flipped open the case, his eyes landing on the single bounded leather album where all his treasure lay. His hand gripped the piece of mirror, breaking the barrier he had with the outside world as he sank to the bottom of the room. His heart ached for what he could not touch. She graced him with an uncustomary smile and said, "He carried them in his heart too, Harry. They gave up their lives so you could have yours. They were the light at the end of the tunnel, and now you do the same." Petunia helped him up, glancing as the string before looking at him once more. "It's come to help you. Just, when you go out there, don't forget them. Always remember. Never let go of them." With those words, the string wrapped around his body and enveloped him with the warmest sense he could have ever imagine. When it came to the final battle, he kept this spirit with him through the tribulation and as he approached the hallows at the end of the long-fought battle, the string final rendered its power, allowing him to finally greet what he's been missing all along.