married but Potter family is attacked and there was no any trace of girl it was not going. The path from Ravenclaw to Gryffindor was going from the deep forest. They had taken horse carriage for girls and the boys were riding on horseback. They were travelling for hours but they could not able to found out correct path. It was getting close to the night so they decided to camp out on the correct spot there in forest. They found nice spot near the lake for camping. They divided chores between them while all girls are going to take care of dinner while boys are gathering water, dried woods and meat. All of them firmly told to Draco if he want to sleep early and get out from forest as early as possible then he have to work. Since Draco have good aim he took task for hunting, actually hunting was his favourite hobby as like all Prince. He claimed that he had hunted down the large lion by himself when he was just 15 years old. Blaise accompanied him for the hunting, Gregory and Vincent took the task to gather dry woods and set up the fire while Theodore was getting water from lake and keeping eye on the girls for in case emergency protection if required. Draco and Blaise gone deep in the woods in search of hunt. Their luck could not be turned out to their side. While they keep searching they found some sweet feminine sound. Both Draco and Blaise climb up on the tree and watch around for source of sound. Draco nearly found a lone deer running towards the patch of flowers. He immediately pointed his gun towards the deer and fired the bullet. He failed to notice Blaise's do not fire look also he failed t notice a pretty, slender girl towards whom the deer was running. All things happened suddenly the girl heard the sound of gunshot and screamed while deer cried painfully and fallen still on the ground. The girl looked shocked and in trance for second then she searched for the person who was caused the death of her only friend in world with absolute fury in her eyes. When she saw both Blaise and Draco climbed down from tree. Draco came forward to claim his hunt, Blaise keep behind with sad look in his eyes. When she saw a person with strong build and blond hair came forwards with gun on his back. She run towards him and started slapping him wherever she found her had hit him. Blaise comes forwards and control her, unknowingly she hugs him and make path to the tears that was gathering in her eyes from all of her life years that she remembered but never shred them. She suddenly realise she was crying of someone strangers shoulder, a broad male shoulder she blushed immediately and turns her back towards them. Blaise told her about their problem and they were lost in forest and they did not have food so they have to hunt down. It was not good their hunt turns out her friend they did not want to harm him if they was known about it earlier. She said silently to them, "He was the only friend I have, and now you took that pleasure of my life away from me. Now I don't have anything to offer you so you can go from where you come. In the early morning I have to come a lake to take water if you make sure you were ready to leave by that time then I could give you direction towards the Gryffindor realm." She then go towards the flower patch and took out white rose from it. She turned towards the dead deer in front of Draco where dead deer was fallen. She kept the white rose on his body and prayed, "May you always rest in heaven my dear friend, maybe we will meet once again in next birth if all tales are correct." Then she disappeared from there sight in somewhere deep in the forest. All this time Draco was observing her, her eyes have very nice shed of Green. They were holding much pain in them if what Draco was learned is true. Her height was not much, He is may be head taller than her. She have naturally curly hairs that was bound in messy bun on the back of her head. When he observed her robes the he turn out his nose in disgust. He think whatever she was wearing is rags not a proper cloth. They were so much oversized and they were broken everywhere. Her foot also did not have proper footwear too so he ignored her and her ranting's simply, but he did not have any problem to stare at her arse as she was retiring. He wanted to make his territory over there but that girl was too lower class for his standing. Behind him Blaise was touched by the behaviour of girl towards the dead animal. He did not had seen or listen about person who shows their love for animals until he meets with Luna. This girl was completely different, The cloths she was wearing was only showing she was nothing more than a servant girl but the words she had spoken to them is the qualities only shown by royal peoples. She forgive them easily, she wished she could help them but she did not have anything offer to them. She also told them she will help to them out from forest in the morning. That night both boys thinking about that mysterious green eyed girl. Once was impressed by her personality and one by her figure. A/N :- Thank you for reading the fiction. Please forgive me for my spellings and grammar mistakes. I am not much good with English as it was my third language in primary school. Please read and review. Chapters will be updated on weekends.