relaxed as Mr. Coyner did nothing to hurt him. "If this Professor Dumbledore is the one who decided I had to stay with my aunt, how come he never checked up on me?" he whispered. "How come no one would help me before?" "What do you mean, Harry?" Stephen asked, his heart dropping with dread in anticipation of the boy's answer. "Well, there was a girl in my class two years ago who was also an orphan, living with what she called a foster family. Every month, someone from Child Welfare Services would come round to see how she was doing in school, and from what she said, they'd check on her foster family too, making sure everyone was getting along reasonably," Harry said. "And twice since I've started school, there's been a teacher who noticed all the bruises on me and notified Child Welfare Services. Both times, inside of a week, that teacher was fired, and no one from Child Welfare Services ever came to talk to me and take me away from the Dursleys like those teachers said they would." Stephen was horrified. This was beyond simple manipulation. Harry's description of what happened each time someone tried to notify Child Welfare Services about the abuse he'd suffered meant that someone in the wizarding world had at least an inkling of what was happening, and was making sure nothing changed. Child Welfare Services might be overworked and overwhelmed at times, but they never just ignored an allegation of abuse. This smacked of obliviation; of someone deliberately tampering with people's memories to make them forget that Harry Potter had ever been brought to their attention. That meant Dumbledore, as he'd even kept Harry's exact whereabouts a secret from the Ministry of Magic, supposedly to keep any former Death Eaters from gaining that information through Ministry contacts. "I wish I could answer that question, Harry," Stephen said gently. "I have some suspicions, but even if I'm correct as to who is behind getting Child Welfare Services to forget you were mentioned to them, I have no idea why it was done. My best guess is that whoever it is, wants you to be completely ignorant of the wizarding world until it's time for you to go to Hogwarts, so that he or she can set himself up as your mentor in all things wizarding and make you dependent on him for whatever reason. It could be money… the Potters, as I said, were an old pureblood and very wealthy family. It could be political connections… with you considered a hero, you'll be regarded as something like a rock star within the wizarding world, so when you're done with school, you'll be considered someone with influence. It could also be magical… since you survived the killing curse, it's presumed that you'll grow up to be an exceptionally powerful wizard. But these are just guesses, I don't know for sure." Harry looked up at him, his emerald eyes far too old for the face of a child just approaching his ninth birthday. "It's the headmaster, isn't it?" he asked softly. "Professor Dumbledore. You said he's the one who sent me to the Dursleys. So he'd most likely be the one." "I think so," Stephen admitted. "I don't know for sure, you understand. But I do think so. Headmaster Dumbledore is a very powerful wizard, and he's also considered a hero for defeating the Dark Lord Grindelwald way back in 1945. Grindelwald was helping Hitler and the Nazis in World War Two, so what Dumbledore did helped end the war, too. But ever since then, a lot of people have treated him like he's the second coming of Merlin. Whatever he does, must be for the good of all, just because he's Dumbledore. But I'll be honest; the man talks the talk, but doesn't always walk the walk. He's head of the Wizengamot… that's sort of like the wizarding version of Parliament… but I notice for all he spouts off about equality for Muggleborns, he never does anything to actually pass laws to grant that equality, or even to block the richest purebloods from bribing officials into proposing laws to make it difficult for Muggleborns to better themselves within the wizarding world. As it sits right now, the only way a Muggleborn can get ahead, is to marry into an old wizarding family. Unfortunately, more than half of them are the bigots who would never consider sullying their family name by marrying a Muggleborn." Harry sighed. "It's all very confusing," he said. Stephen nodded. "I'm not surprised you're confused. I've thrown an awful lot at you today, haven't I?" "You have," Harry agreed. "But it is stuff I should already know, isn't it?" "A lot of it is, yes," Stephen nodded again. "Tell you what, let's stop off and pick up a notebook and some pens. This way you can write down all the questions I'm sure you still have… or will think of… over the next week. I'll be coming by again next Saturday to see you and take you to pick up your new glasses, and we can talk more then." "Okay," Harry said with a small smile. They stopped at a small stationery shop and Stephen bought a spiral notebook and a package of pens. They returned to Privet Drive, and Stephen popped the lid of the boot so Harry could grab his bags of clothing. "I hope your aunt and cousin take it easy on you this week," he said. "She probably will, but I doubt that bully of hers will. Be as safe as you can, Harry, and I'll see you Saturday next, 10 am, all right?" Harry smiled. "All right. See you then, Mr. Coyner!" He darted into the house and reappeared a few moments later, leaning out of one of the upstairs windows and waving. Stephen waved back and drove off, a thoughtful expression on his face as he contemplated how best to handle his new responsibility.