Her brown eyes considered him carefully, as though she was weighing a far harder choice than going another few days with wings that launched her in the air in sunlight, or a quick kiss with a semi-attractive, unrelated male. At least he hoped she thought him semi-attractive. She seemed to like the red-haired, blue-eyed type, and he had both in spades. "So…" he started, deciding on a brave front, "I guess I'll get that kiss after all?" "I-" Hermione stopped pacing, her gaze cautious. "You don't have to. I mean, I'm overdue a vacation, and staying a few days indoors and away from the windows wouldn't be too bad." His ego, fairly nonexistent when it came to her, shriveled further. "I can't say I've ever been rejected quite that soundly," he tried to joke. "It's not a rejection, George," she explained, "I don't want to force you into something you'd rather not. I mean, you've said it before- I'm pretty much like a sister to you." He didn't miss the bitter edge to her voice, and it gave him pause. "I believe I can say with 100% certainty that I've never once referred to you as a sister." "Well, that's definitely how you treat me!" George watched as her wings expanded, knocking over his kettle and catching one of the prints on his wall. Grimacing, she tried to rein them back in, but they only stretched further, her feet lifting from the floor. She reached out for his hands, and clutched them tightly as he pulled her back down to the ground, tucking her in closely to prevent further lift-off. "You think I treat you like a sister?" he asked, enjoying the way her eyes skittered to the left and right in an effort to miss his gaze. "Yes," she said, a stubborn strain to her words. "I see how you are with other women, and you're not like that with me." "Other women?" he prompted, a warmth clouding up through his stomach and taking root in his chest. "Well," and she pursed her lips, finally lifting her eyes to meet his sparingly, "Like Angelina- you always give her a hug when she's the Burrow. And you flirt. A lot." "But I don't with you?" He felt her slight tremble as his hands reached for that spot along her back where the feathers met skin and watched as her eyes shuttered close as he deliberately ran his fingers along the downy softness of her magicked wings. Her eyes flew open, and the tremble reached her lips as she seemed to become aware, at last, of what so humored him. "You never touch me at all." George let his hands pass up over her shoulders, along her throat, before cupping her cheeks gently between his palms. His fingers traced the edge of her brow, carding through her tangled hair and then finally drawing her closer still. "For such a clever witch, you're not very quick to the take, are you?" She opened her mouth to protest, or perhaps grumble, but he gave her no chance at either, taking instead the way of the daring and dashing and bringing his mouth to hers. He let his lips rest gently there, soft skin touching softer skin, and waited for her to respond- to push forward or pull back- and when she began, finally, to move against him, her mouth drawing in his lower lip between her teeth with a sudden and unexpected enthusiasm, George showed her exactly why he was so careful to not touch her. He tasted deeply from her, drawing in her breath and finding better purchase with her framed against the wall, the print be damned. The nightgown made his exploration all the easier, and she moaned into his mouth as his fingers found the thin lining of her cotton bra, the stretch of her taut breast peaked and tender to his ministrations. Breath escaped him and he grew dizzy as he realized that each of his touches, each of his not-so-gentle cataloging of her skin and scent and shape was returned: her hands found his hair and roamed along his back, her nails drawing both pain and exhilaration as they tugged and pulled, drawing him closer. He felt himself harden along her thigh, and then her hand found him there, the touch confident and ensnaring. The sudden rush of blood and sense forced him to take pause, and George looked down into her flushed face, lips plump with his efforts and eyes glittering, and he couldn't help but laugh, hugging her close and missing entirely that in their two minutes of passion, her wings had retreated and disappeared. "Do you still think I see you as a sister?" he asked, feeling light and heavy, his chest warmed and his lips bruised. "God, I hope not," she laughed. "Hermione, I can truthfully say that I've had the very antithesis of brotherly thoughts about you for almost ten years now." Her grin widened and her fingers played with the hair at the back of his neck. "Did any of those thoughts feature parchment or dragon's blood?" "No," he assured her. "But there was one dream that involved a poorly knit blindfold-" Hermione frowned, and George felt a moment of panic, wondering if he had pushed a good thing too far. It was enough that he'd somehow managed to get the object of his affections to return some portion of them. He needn't scare her off with some of his more lurid teenage fantasies. But then her mouth was at his ear, her lips deliberate in her mock-whisper. "I'll have you know that I'm an excellent knitter. Any blindfold of mine would be impeccably made." He laughed again, spun her around, and then bent to remind her of what had left them both so breathless moments earlier. Both were far too distracted by the other to notice, minutes later, that while the wings had disappeared, the inclination to leave the floor hadn't.