thought. His face was confused, and she knew he must have been feeling a hint of betrayal. The two were supposed to go through school together and be inseparable, but, on the first day, they were already torn apart. The term hadn't even started yet, and she had lost her best friend. A faint blush touched her cheeks as the eye contact continued. Attention was something she always struggled with, especially from Draco. She wasn't sure why it affected her so much, but it always did. Maybe it was intimidation she felt from his father, or maybe it was the pressure to make her future husband proud. Well you certainly mucked that one up, didn't you? she thought. While Anastasia was embarrassed by her placement overall, she was immediately embarrassed that she had led Draco down. She had abandoned him, and there was nothing she could do to remedy it. Draco kept his eyes locked on her until his name was called. She watched her friend step forward with his traditional smug smile dancing around his lips. As expected, Draco was sorted into Slytherin. He smugly sauntered over to the proper table where he was met by applause and high-fives. Unlike her, he was where he belonged. Draco found his home at Hogwarts. While still incredibly upset, Anastasia found herself mildly comforted that at least one of them was happy. She watched his acceptance into the Slytherin House with a smile. Draco was a Malfoy, so his welcome to the Slytherin table was warm. The Malfoys were one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight Pureblood wizarding families, so Draco's placement into Slytherin was a matter of pride. The pride of Slytherin House would have been furthered had Anastasia joined the table. The Fawleys and Lestranges, Anastasia's mother's family, were also members of the Sacred Twenty-Eight. Anastasia was supposed to be guaranteed a home in Slytherin because the house was filled with Pureblood families that had the same priorities as her family. Unfortunately, the Sorting Hat was not concerned with her finding a home or being among like-minded families. After Draco was sorted, Anastasia found herself spacing out. She was so lost that she couldn't pay attention to the remainder of the names. She vaguely heard Harry Potter was sorted into Gryffindor, but her mind was too numb to be affected by it. The boy was famous, but his life at Hogwarts would have nothing to do with hers. Her life was in turmoil, so knowing the whereabouts of a celebrity was not high on her priority list. Internally, Anastasia was struggling to hold herself together. Despite being only eleven, she was dealing with an identity crisis, and she was not prepared to handle the emotions that were washing over her. Finally, the sorting came to a close. Headmaster Albus Dumbledore said a few words and magically summoned the food to appear before the students and professors. Conversation sparked as the Great Hall filled with excitement and the clamour of hundreds speaking at once. Anastasia tried to mindlessly eat while everyone around her relayed the excitement of their summers and introduced themselves to the various first years. She heard her fellow students mention their favorite textbooks and classes, topics she would have typically been interested in, but she was unable to take any of the information in. It was a while before anyone spoke to Anastasia. The girl who did address her spoke in a sing-song voice despite speaking only barely above a whisper. The girl's voice was soft, much like the rest of her. "Will your parents be proud?" The question caught Anastasia off guard, and she finally looked up from her mostly full plate. The quiet girl had soft, blonde hair that traveled far down her back. Her silver eyes were full of kindness and happiness. From first glance, it appeared the girl could only express happiness and positivity. "My father will be. He'll be excited I can learn more and one day contribute to his magazine." Scrambling to politely gather her thoughts, Anastasia gave a small smile. "I don't think so. My parents have high expectations, and one of those expectations was that I would be sorted into the house they were both in." Her gaze again dropped. Instead of being a deterrent, the silence seemed to encourage the blonde. "Really? That must be unpleasant. My father just expects me to be happy. I'm Luna, by the way. Luna Lovegood." The introduction was a shock. Anastasia wasn't expecting a complete stranger to be so kind to her. She looked up and prepared to introduce herself when an older boy, a third or fourth year, cut her off. "Don't speak to her," he curtly stated, giving Anastasia a look filled with hatred. "She'll never be one of us," he continued, never dropping his gaze. "She doesn't belong here, and it won't take long for everyone to realize it. Ravenclaw isn't a place for hate-filled people like you, Fawley. It's over at that table where you belong." His gaze was now focused on the Slytherin table, and his face filled with disgust. Shaking his head, he finally looked away and rejoined the conversation with others in his year. Anastasia's face dropped back to her plate and her eyes filled with tears. It took all her self-control to bite back the sob forming in her chest. She knew where she belonged, but it wasn't her fault that she was sorted into a different house. It's not like she had asked to be sorted into Ravenclaw. If the Sorting Hat had asked her, she would have requested Slytherin anyway. It's where she wanted to be. "Don't pay him any mind. What's your name? Fawley, he said?" Luna chirped sweetly. Looking back up slowly, Anastasia smiled. For some unknown reason, this incredibly happy girl had decided the two would be friends. "Anastasia Fawley," she finally stated. If she could make a friend in her house on the first day, maybe things wouldn't be so bad./p