from Gryffindor for wasting my time Mr Potter (Draco Laughs quietly so only Hermione can hear) Hermione and Draco leave class together not knowing they are being followed by Harry Hermione: Hey Draco you go back to the room I've to talk to Ginny about some homework. Draco: homework? Hermione: yea the one we got for potions Draco: oh I'll leave you to it Hermione and Draco go their separate ways harry follow Hermione to the Gryffindor common room Ginny: Hermione I haven't seen you here for a while Hermione: oh ha ha very funny Ginny: what do u want? Hermione: I didn't know who else to come to… Ginny: what is it are you ok? Hermione: I-I- I want to propose to Draco Ginny: YOU WHAT?! Hermione: No one can know this Harry comes out from behind the pillar Harry: I won't allow it you cannot marry him. Hermione: you couldn't stop me if you tried. Ginny: Harry just leave her alone I get it makes you sour that she didn't end up with you but u shouldn't take it out on her. Harry: I don't care what you think I'll kill him if I have to. (Ep.5) Harry runs out of the common room with Hermione right on his tail. Draco's just standing there as he holds out his arms for Hermione. Harry: SectumSempra! Hermione: DRACO! (A massive gash opens in Draco's chest Hermione starts screaming) (There is a big crowd all of them just staring) Hermione: Don't just stand there help me! (Ginny runs to Draco and Hermione with Prof. Snape) Snape: Get Out of here we don't need a crowd (Snape shoos the crowd away) Hermione: I didn't think you cared about Draco Ginny: I don't care about him I care about you and he makes you happy. (Snape pulls out his wand) Snape: Vulnera Sanentur…. Vulnera Sanentur …Vulnera Sanentur (The wounds on Draco start to heal but the scars will never heal) Snape: Hermione you will be expelled Draco: S-s-sir i-i-it was p-p-p-potter (Draco collapses onto the floor) Snape: is this true? Ginny and Hermione: yes sir In the hospital wing Madam Pomfrey: Draco will have to stay for a few days you can go now Miss Granger. Hermione: is it alright if I stay? Madam Pomfrey: well you're not meant to but I guess so. (Draco is lying unconscious on the hospital bed Hermione is holding his hand) In the morning (Draco wakes up with Hermione sleeping by his side) (Draco Strokes his fingers through her hair waking her gently) Hermione: you're better! Draco: I'm in a lot of pain right now. Draco: you have really nice friends Hermione: (snaps) they are no friends of mine. Draco: sorry I didn't mean to offend you. Hermione: sorry Draco I-I just can't believe he'd do that to you. Draco: it was really out of the blue wasn't it? (Hermione starts to cry burying herself in Draco's hospital blankets) Draco: it's alright I'm fine honest. Hermione: it was my fault he did this to you, I was talking to Ginny about….how I feel…about you. Draco: and that set him off? Hermione: yes…. Madam Pomfrey enters Madam Pomfrey: Miss Granger you have class now you need to leave. Hermione: Miss I have a free period May I stay? Madam Pomfrey: oh Miss Granger you really are a hassle. (Hermione has a flashback of her nightmare about Draco) Ron: it's lucky that Malfoy died he was a real hassle Hermione: I know he was a real hassle Harry: Hermione you're looking good Hermione: well if you say so? (The ghost of Draco haunting her) Draco's Ghost: I thought you were always going to be mine when I realised you were his I couldn't live with it. (Hermione snaps back into reality and faints) An hour later…. (Hermione can hear everything that's happening but she can't seem to open her eyes) Madam Pomfrey: Her brain is experiencing extreme trauma. (Madam Pomfrey takes put her wand and threads a memory from her mind) (Madam Pomfrey pours the memory into a glass dish and watches) Madam Pomfrey: she's haunted by you Mr Malfoy. Draco: me? Madam Pomfrey: well you in a dream, it looks like her worst nightmare would be to lose you Mr Malfoy. How puzzling. Draco: why Puzzling? Madam Pomfrey: well she see herself being incomplete without you that she would rather be dying slowly and painfully than to be without you and she hopes you feel the same way and… oh….um that's it. (Madam Pomfrey sees Hermione thinking about marriage but doesn't tell Draco) Draco: what is it? Madam Pomfrey: let's say she thinks the world of you. Draco: what does that mean? Madam Pomfrey exits (Hermione wakes from her sleepless rest) Hermione: Draco? Draco: Hermione How are you feeling? (Draco sits up and starts to walk around Hermione tries to follow but is to dizzy to even sit up) Hermione: I feel dizzy what happened? Draco: you scared me half to death you just fell you hit your head really hard on the ground and you've been unconscious for about an hour. (Hermione stands up) Hermione: I don't feel good (Hermione falls back, Draco catches her and lays her back in her assigned hospital) (Draco strokes her hair out of her face and kisses her temple) Draco: MADAM POMFREY! Madam Pomfrey enters startled Madam Pomfrey: what happen Mr Malfoy? Draco: she was trying to stand and got dizzy I had to catch her and put her back to her bed. Madam Pomfrey: thankyou Mr Malfoy. (Madam Pomfrey checks Hermione's forehead) Madam Pomfrey: she's burning up (Madam Pomfrey shuffles around the room grabbing ingredients and utensils) Draco: how can I help? Madam Pomfrey: by lying in bed and getting rest Draco: but Madam Pomfrey: no buts, bed now! Draco: but Hermione- Madam Pomfrey: What did I say? (Draco rolls his eyes and nods off to sleep) (Madam Pomfrey shakes Hermione awake gently and hands her a glass of water)