children. And we've both worked for twenty years. We would be ok. We might have to sell this house and live somewhere smaller, but I don't care. We could live on the top floor at Grimmauld place for all I care. But, we have decades of life ahead of us, and that is way to long for you to be stuck and miserable." "I appreciate that, but I am not ready to quit quite yet. I am not even sure that is the problem. For right now, I think the problem is I am bored and need to find something to be excited about again. Something to work on – whether that's at work or outside of work, I have no idea. I see how energized you are coming home from work now. It's like whole new parts of your brain are firing that you haven't had to use in years with your other career. I want something like that. I want to be excited to get up in the mornings. And right now, I am not excited to get up in the mornings. All I want to do is roll over and snuggle into you and stay there all day." "Well, I am always in favor of that, you know." She smacked him playfully and laughed. Seeing laughter in her eyes, even if only for a moment relieved Ron greatly. "Well, so maybe don't quit tomorrow. But, I think you should not go to work tomorrow or Friday. Take a few days and the weekend to figure some things out. Find a good book about something, walk the trail in the woods where you go to reflect on things. Write in your journal. Go to a muggle library and get lost there for a while. Research clubs to join or causes to get behind. Find something to spark that joy again." "What if I can't figure it out?" "Well, I have never known a problem you couldn't figure out. I just haven't. So, I have full faith that you will find something to get excited about again. You might not find it this weekend, but that's ok. Give yourself a little credit, love. You've done a hell of a lot for the world in the past few decades. If you want to stay home and garden for a while, I think the world owes you that." "Oh how terrible would I be as a professional gardener?" laughed Hermione. "Well, you could grow mushrooms," joked Ron. "Oh heavens. Definitely not the solution I am seeking." "Don't rush it. It took us seven years to figure out we were secretly in love with each other. You'll figure it out, We have many more exciting chapters ahead of us. I have absolutely no doubt about that at all." "I never thought I would be one for a midlife crisis, you know? I thought that with having loved my work at the ministry and my work as a mum that I would be fine with they went to school. I could never really figure out how to rough house around with them anyway. I thought this latter part of childhood would be where I was better at the mum thing. So why am I struggling now?" "You are an amazing mum. And our kids are so lucky to have you. With their Uncle George in their lives they have more than enough joking around to last for a lifetime. You show them how to love, and how to learn. You teach them to believe in themselves and to be true to themselves. You teach me those things every day. Lack of tea parties with dollies will not permanently harm anyone." "I love you Ron." "I love you too. Now, I am going to send an owl to your boss and tell her you are quite under the weather and probably won't be in until Monday. Then I am going to order Chinese take-away, and I am going to get extra fortune cookies and we will sit here and crack them open until we find a good one. You know I much prefer fortune cookies to crystal balls. Much tastier, and just about as accurate!" It was several hours later and the two of them were camped in front of the fireplace cracking open fortune cookie after fortune cookie. "Do you think they get Trelawney to write this rubbish?" Hermione laughed as she threw away a piece of paper suggesting luck would come with certain lottery numbers. "Nah. Trelawney's fortunes were all too gruesome to put on cookies. Oooh – what about this one? It says that you should embrace wisdom in all forms." "Think that includes fortune cookie wisdom?" "Or this one, it says your true friends will always remind you of your faults." "Really? It says that? That's terrible!" "Like you've found better ones." "Hmm. What about this one? It says I will never get ahead on a circular path." "Definitely a sign you should quit your job," he said as he popped crumbled fortune cookie bits into his mouth. "Ooohh…Ron...this is a good one. Really. It says the strongest trees in the forest are the ones that bend the most." "What does that even mean?" "I think it means I have to adapt. Well – adapt or snap into bits before being turned into firewood." "Seriously? You get that from bendy trees?" "Well, yes. I do. But I am also sick of fortune cookies. We have to have opened twenty of them. And I was already full from the egg rolls anyway. But you know what I really take from this?" "We could make a living writing fortune cookie fortunes?" "That. And, it doesn't matter what they all say. You are my rock. My roots. You hold me firm. I could walk in circular paths. Or be insulted by true friends. Or be the bendiest tree in the woods. But you ground me. And I wouldn't have it any other way."