Molly, went into the next room and wrapped her arms gently around the boy, and kissed his temple. "I'm sorry, Harry, they had to know. You will always have a home with us." Harry smiled, a fake one, but Molly wasn't fooled. During the dinner that night Harry was silent, Arthur notices this and distracting him by asking if he wants to help rebuild Sirius' motorbike. Harry agrees with another fake smile. The next day, Bill notices an alone Harry outside breathing heavily and seeing the warning signs that Harry's been triggered into an anxiety attack and grasping his arm and telling him to 'breath Harry breath, it's okay, your safe." And sitting with him until he's calm. George starts growling closer to Harry because suddenly he understands so much better and he realises that this kid knows, too, what it feels like to feel so alone, they have many conversations about this. Harry smiles for one of the first times since the battle. Ron keeps track of how much food Harry's eating so on the days when Harry can only manage to push food around his plate, Ron makes sure to give him tea all day and asks his mum to make one of Harry's favourites for dinner. Charlie and Harry were taking a walk down a road, and once again reporters manage to find them and Charlie getting fed up with the reporters who always mob Harry everywhere he goes, and grabs a camera from a bloke who won't stop snapping pictures and chucking it into a fountain. Harry and Charlie have a good, real laugh about this later. Percy fidgeting awkwardly next to Harry on the couch, not quite able to meet Harry's eyes and apologising for that letter he knows Ron told him about. One time Hermione turns Harry around from escaping outside. "Look me in the eye Harry, I'm telling you right now, it's okay not to be okay." Harry turns away outside not knowing whether to be grateful or or annoyed because he suspects that she's been researching whatever the hell's happening to him. Ginny decided to let Harry have his space, but knowing where to insert herself right into that space so he can't shut himself down and push everyone away because she'll be damned if he thinks she's going to put up with that. Luna finding his at once of the many parties he's expected to attend and asking his, "do you suppose you'd rather be here or stuck on the bottom of the Hogwarts lake surrounded by extremely aggressive plimpies?" In such a solemn voice that Harry can't help but laugh. Harry takes a visit down to the school has a talk with Mcgonagall. She takes note of the circles under his eyes. "Potter, may up I suggest you take a trip down to the hospital wing before you leave so Madame Pomfrey can give you something to help you sleep?" She asks in the softest voice possible. Hagrid invited Harry over for tea and just letting the boy sit outside in silence, Fang head of his knee as Hagrid works in his vegetable garden. Neville asks Harry if it would be okay if he comes along with him to see teddy sometime. So during he next visit they end up sitting on the floor in Andromeda's lounge of a cloudy afternoon, these three orphans, playing pretend with stuffed animals shaped like wolves, dogs and lions. Kingsley kicking Harry out of the Ministry for the night. "For christs sake, Harry you've been here for twenty two hours and Molly's owled me TWICE now, GO HOME and get some rest or I will personally throw your 'chosen' arse over my shoulder and toss you into the Floo!" Harry being so grateful in the end, and hugs everyone who helped him cope with his PTSD, and everyone is so glad that he helped them too. 19 years later. The scar on his forehead had not pained Harry for 19 years, but other scars twinge everyday. They age him, cramp his movement, stare at him from the mirror. They remind his that the present is shaped by the past. The scars show when he comes home to an empty house with no note two weeks after the wedding and begins to panic, because if Ginny is gone, she could be dead. They show when he tries to discuss dividing chores with her and simultaneously a responsibility for everything and a resentment at doing anything. They show when he stares at his newborn son for the first time, and feels an echo of Remus' impulse to run away. He may not be a werewolf, but he is too old (inside) and to poor (of spirit) too dangerous to touch his warrior hands to these fragile fingers. When little James lies to his for the first time, and the reprimand sticks in his throat, Harry may as well be in fifth year staring at his bleeding hand. When Albus comes in from the yard clutching his forehead, Harry freezes for a moment before realising that his son had a bride, not a curse scar. When Lily Luna screams because she sees a spider, Harry manages to squash it, but promptly disappears to the kitchen to calm himself with a dose of chocolate. His children never write lines, they never wear hand me downs, they never get scalded for breaking things with accidental magic or get left alone at unfamiliar train stations. They don't take family camping trips. They do go to the Quidditch World Cup, but Harry refuses to get ticket to the top box. Scars come in handy, Dumbledore once said, but Harry is not so sure. For sometimes they make the past seem more real than the present. Even when the scars do not ache, they remain to remind him of the struggle and fear that was his first 20 years. Even when all is well, he can hardly believe it to be so.