were coming into his head and he felt his body heat up. "What?", His sharp, cold, calm tone made a shiver run down her spine, and Astoria swallowed hard, controlling her fear. She took a not too small envelope from her cloak and handed it to him in silence, which he received without thinking. "I took him to St. Mungos this week," she explained softly, a direct contrast between the way they had shouted moments earlier. "And the results are here". He looked at the paper as if it contained something dangerous and volatile inside it and Draco did not know what to do. His first thought was to burn the damn envelope and move on with life, but curiosity is a treacherous bug and he found himself opening the envelope with trembling fingers, despite his earlier conviction that he did not want to know anything about it. Astoria stared at him anxiously, scanning his cold, empty face as he took the paper out of the envelope with agonizing slowness. She already knew what was written in there. She'd had all afternoon to think of the words written in elegant handwriting on the paper. But not Draco, and when his eyes went through the words, his brain did not understand what they meant. It was like looking at blank paper, an unknown paper, something wrong, something dangerous. Little by little, however, the letters were forming words and the words began to make sense in his mind and it was with a hollowness within him that he understood. Scorpius was a squib. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-. If insinuations had previously made the mansion an unpleasant place to live, now, with the confirmation that Scorpius had no trace of magic, heated discussions were constant whenever more than one Malfoy or Greengrass was present. There was a consensus between the two families that Scorpius should be taken to the Muggle world to socialize with other equals and eventually be adopted by some family there and live a happy life away from anything that referred to magic. The plan seemed too simple: they would put the boy in an ordinary school, so that he would adapt to this world so different from his, and when they realized that he was properly adapted, they would take him to an orphanage, where he would surely find a good family to adopt him. This whole process would be secretive, of course. There would never be in the genealogical tree of the Grengrass-Malfoy families the record of an heir without traces of magic. When the time came, Scorpius would be declared dead and everyone would be free to move on. "It's for his own good!", Astoria insisted, in agreement with her parents and Lucius. "He cannot live in our world! Everything here depends on magic, he will not even turn on a light without it, or walk from one place to another, or even reach the diagonal alley alone!" "We can work it out!", Draco shouted back, resolute in his decision not to abandon his son like that. "And when all his friends go to Hogwarts? And when he starts to understand the difference between him and everyone else?", She would reply, and Draco would remain silent. Looking at his words, it seemed too cruel to subject his son to this kind of suffering. The wizarding world had never been welcoming to this kind of person. They could accept any muggleborns with open arms, but the looks were always scornful to those born of a wizarding family, but that could not do magic. But what made Draco's heart twitch and his stomach clench was the awareness that if it was with anyone else, his opinion would be the same as Astoria's. Even more so for families as traditional as his, which were never stained even with muggleborns, the probability of accepting such a child, especially an heir, was out of the question. Most likely, if it had not been for his son, or if he had not spent so much time trying to be the father he never had, he would agree with Astoria. Perhaps, if he had not clung to his son in the way he had clung to, abandoning him would be an easy task. But every time he thought of Scorpius, always so loving and cheerful, lost in an unknown world with no one to support him, a knot twitched in his stomach and he felt his head roll. Of fear, of anger, of agony; He could not say. "We will not have a squib in our family." It was Lucius's decree at the dinner table, his serious voice reverberating through every cell in Draco's body, and he felt alone. He felt helpless, lonely. Lost. Analyzing each of the faces that stared at the huge dining table, Draco saw that he would not have support. He saw in each pale, arrogant face that no one in his family agreed with him, saw in Astoria's sad eyes that she truly believed that abandoning her son that way was the best thing to do. He saw in the arrogant glance of his in-laws and his father that they believed it was necessary to keep the families' names intact. He saw in the pitying gaze of his mother that she felt sorry for his suffering, and yet, she agreed that this was the best solution. And he saw, then, that all the feelings he kept within him vanished when he realized that his arguments fell on deaf ears. That every week that he spent trying to explain, trying to convince, trying to find other solutions, had been in vain. And it was with a near-laughter that he saw what he should do. As if by magic, the way ahead was clear before him, and this little certainty gave him the strength to face everyone back and smile. He had a path - however nebulous it seemed at that moment - and he had a certainty. Now he only needed a guide.