crossing me." She caught his eye defiantly and for a moment her magic flared against her bindings, sending to cascade back right down to her body three-fold. "What part of this victory upsets you so?" he asked. "You have everything you could ever want and you still want more. Is it the bindings, the clothes, or jewels? Whatever it is, Hermione, I'll get it for you. Just let me have your heart." "Don't you dare think for once that these bindings will hold me for long." Hermione's voice was low to the point that anyone near them wouldn't dare eavesdrop on their private conversation. "I may be your prisoner, but I will never give you what no one has." she said, thankful that he didn't detect the sneering implement residing in her words. Just as she uttered those words, a hand came around her and a voice sounded behind their clothed little world. The gentleman that so graciously made their acquaintance and vowed to make her fiancé's life a living hell. Partners were swapped suddenly in tradition to the uplifting beat and soon she found herself in the arms of several men before ever had the chance to know who had the audacity, much less the talent, to sweep her off her feet and push her to the most secluded region of the ball. She found a seat in a luxurious longue chair. There, she sat down. Arm draped over the cushions, a single leg propped up in the most provocative pose; yes, her fiancé controlled even these basic movements from halfway across the room. As she rested, she could feel that the magic used on the bindings was no ordinary magic. Ever since their first night, he's been collecting their fluids and using them in some sort of twist bit of dark magic. She had yet to figure out which spell he casted, but one thing was clear- whatever it was, everyone had gotten their hands on it. Pureblood woman bonded to Muggle men. High-statured men connected to helpless girls. She knew several Muggleborns with the same fate as her. A sick, deserting feeling washed over her. The room fell into a dizzy whirlwind of colors and faces. Before she could stop herself, her head whipped back and thumped against the back of the sofa she rested upon. When she opened her eyes, Hermione lifted her head up and was met with piercing grey eyes. Draco never looked so breathtaking until that moment. He lifted his hand, his eyes casted to the strings as his magic came to envelope them. This allowed them both the freedom that they wanted and desperately needed. War had an interesting effect on him. He looked more like a wild, uninhibited version of a masquerader than a deserter. He didn't fit within the fine china that was the partiers. Her hand had a mind of its own. Raising before she could think about her actions, she carded her fingers through his fine hair, shivering slightly at the simply touch. "You're real," she croaked, her eyes glistening. "I see you're faring well," he told her softly. He took one look at the strings and his expression changed to that of disgust. "You've taken his strings." "It's not what you think." Hermione said then, trying to win a case against his obvious anger. "He would have killed me." Draco looked at her, puzzled. He was giving her a look she didn't recognize. One of pure disbelief, one of astonishment. It was as if he didn't believe what she was telling her. "Perhaps, you should have let him." "Y…you can't be serious, surely." She tried to rid herself of the betraying nature of his stare, but couldn't. "I don't think you remember the sacrifices I had to make," he told her in a disapproving tone. "If I recall… you were the one to tell me that I was living a lie. That I had to set myself free before they got a hold of me." During their brief interludes in the night during their fifth year, she would bring him up to the astronomy tower and remind him exactly what he was fighting for. His mother, bless her heart. She had died soon after their sixth and she knew that he hadn't forgiven himself for the pain that ensued from the only person who ever loved him, besides herself. At the tender age of nineteen, soon to be twenty, she found that she has spent most of the blasted war playing the victim. It left a sick feeling to rise inside of her chest. "You're a bird stuck in a cage, Granger." he told her. "This was the last place I wanted to see you- caged up like some circus animal, completely at the mercy to do their bidding. Didn't I warn you that this would happen? Voldemort won. If you had listened to me, you would have least been given strings with a significant more freedom than this prick is giving you. He's draining you. And, you're letting him." "Shows you how much you know," she bit out angrily. The strings forbid her to speak to her fiancé in such a way, but it didn't really specify if her anger could be directed to someone else. It seems that she's found some sort of loophole in the magic after all. "You would have done the same thing he's doing!" "No," he said quietly, reaching out to caress one of the strings that poked from the juncture of her elbow," I would have given you freedom." When she blinked, she found that she was alone. She hadn't been placed on that sofa to enjoy a moment of solitude. To her right was her fiancé, as foreboding as ever, looking at her as if she had lost all sense before taking another sip of his Firewhiskey to calm his nerves. And, in her hand was a note that read: Soar, my beautiful dove To Freedom at Midnight -D.M.