law; he did not come from a prestigious background, but he was noble. As noble and strong-willed as they came. Yet, he was fighting it. Fighting the law, fighting him. It astounded him to know end that Severus would even consider being so closed-minded at a time like this. As horridly unconventional as the situation was, Albus couldn't help be reminded of a darker presence. One he was sure would rile Severus up and at least cause for a shift in his perspective. There was no doubt in his mind that Hermione would be just as quick to reject the arrangement. He feared that she was learning about it this very moment. Only the older witches and wizards were allowed the gift to know of the new law before it was passed; she would be finding out about it soon, perhaps not until the start of the new term. He hoped against the odds that she would a bit more open-minded; it was not every day a woman was to be married, even if it was to someone they despised. He wished that they could at least try to be of use to one another. He saw the potential like it was staring him right in the eye. He could see how beautifully redeeming it could be for Severus, and how fulfilling it could be for Hermione. The reception, if anything, would be one of odds and Albus was going to make damn sure that it was held with mercy. "Do you honestly believe that I did not plan this out?" "Do you ever not?" Severus spat. Albus let out a defeated, dejected sigh. There was no way of getting through to him; although, he would try. "I must ask you, Severus," the Headmaster stared out into the open window. A gentle, soothing breeze rocked them. There was hope, it whispered. "What would Lily think of this arrangement?" He turned from the window and stared at him. "What are you-" "-Implying?" he finished his sentence for him. "Yes, I knew you would use that word. As I knew you would act like this when I laid out my proposal." "If you knew," he said through a clenched jaw," then why did you bother summoning me?" "I needed to know." His voice was utterly weak. "Needed to know what?" "If you were up for the challenge of redemption." He said. "You are hiding in your past, Severus. Any fool can see that. You have allowed it to fester inside of you until it consumed you. But I see a light in you. A light I have never seen in anyone who has been so abused, so neglected and held in the dark." "Perhaps it is better for me to stay where I have been thrown." Severus replied darkly. "At least I know nothing bad could come of it." "Then why not accept it?" asked Albus. "Accept my proposal. Do with her that you could not do with Lily." "I cannot." "That is exactly what I am talking about." Albus turned to face him, his brows furrowing in the most dejected expression. "You are afraid." "I am not afraid. "She can save you." There was physical barrier between them. Both men stared at one another, neither daring to speak, barely able to breath. Severus was on the verge of exploding; his eyes grew impossibly dark, his hands clenching at his sides as his lips thinned and the skin and muscles of his face hardened. He was seething. He was so incredibly angry. Severus narrowed his eyes. He had hit quite the right nerve. "How dare you? How dare you even hint that some girl can save me?" Of course this was a sensitive subject for him. How was a girl of sixteen, soon to be seventeen, going to be able to redeem him? "You believed that Lily was your salvation at one point, Severus. Why is Ms. Granger any different?" "I believed wrong." came Severus' heartbreaking reply. "I will not sink so low ask to risk another life being taken. I am already reaping what I have sewn. I will not hold the life of another person in my hands. That is not my purpose anymore." "What is your purpose, Severus?" Albus asked weakly. This question seemed to unnerve him because he did not answer right away. He had an inkling of what it could be; he was not so ignorant not to indulge him. "I do know you have one, but what is it? If you cannot justify your hesitance, then you must discover your reason for prolonging your bitter existence. For not coming to terms with the past. When you do, you will either finally be set free or finally reacquaint yourself with what you have been missing." Author's Note: Marriage Laws are laws used to ensure the safety and the continuation of a bloodline. Opposing individuals are bonded together in hopes the two will come together and produce an heir. The longer it takes for an heir to be conceived, the more their magic is taken away. They are cursed in such a way so that they have no choice but to comply. I believe the compatibility of people steams from the connection of their souls. There needs to be a balance in order for any kind of emotional or spiritual enlightenment can be achieve. For Severus and Hermione, this comes in the form of trusting one another, of opening themselves up long enough and adequately enough to test their partner's trustworthiness and intentions. I won't say anymore, as not to ruin the entire plot, but I can say that you are all in for a tremendously satisfying, frustrating, and emotional ride. So, climb on board! :) The Coaster is about to take off! Wrheee! Thank you worrywart for proof reading this chapter! I didn't ask you to, but I was very anxious to know what I was missing or what had been left out. Thank you again! :)