the Fates were entirely too unreasonable and cruel with their plans! There had to be a way that they could strengthen the relationship between the two without eliciting the interest of the Fates, subjecting them to more trials and hardships. "He either helps us, or we have no deal," Draco said darkly. "Blaise is more than capable and completely trustworthy. It's not our fault that they haven't socialized with one another." He stopped, before coming to the decision he didn't want to work with him at all. "Forget it. I don't have time to deal with you. It's late, so I suggest you hurry back to your tower before I deduct points for being out late, being with an unconscious girl, and doing inappropriate things to her." Harry's eyes widened before his expression settled into one of disgust and rage. "You're sick." "No, I'm perfectly healthy, Potter. Thank you for being so concerned about my welfare, but I don't need you to look after me." Harry scowled at him before glancing briefly at Hermione. Her breathing was stable and she appeared to be resting quite well. Content with knowing that his friend was safe for now, Harry moved away from the couch, but not without addressing Draco. "Somewhere deep down you care," he sneered. "One day, you'll realize it and hopefully it won't be too late. In the meantime, the offer still stands, but I will be doing my own research until you find the nerve to approach me." He paused suddenly, something flashing across his face that Draco almost missed it. "Whatever you're planning, stop. I don't want her to get hurt, and if you are capable of caring about someone other than yourself, then you'll put her best interests at heart." "I already have her best interests at heart, Potter, and right now that's taking care of a loud, obnoxious boy that continues to disturb her sleep." Draco watched silently as Harry swept past him in a fury of unresolved rage. A grin spread across his face. Silence was his only company. You care about her, at least a little. He stood there for a moment before the words, "More than you will ever know," caressed the air. Finally, left only with his thoughts, Draco glanced at Hermione and drank in her sleeping form. She looked so peaceful as she slept. So blissfully unaware of what had transpired just seconds ago, Hermione shifted slightly on the couch. Slowly, he walked over to the couch and crouched down, allowing his elbows to rest on the edges of the cushions. He raised his hand and brushed the tips of his fingers against the curve of her cheek. She stirred slightly, and for a heart-clenching moment Draco thought he had awoken her. Thankfully, she settled back down, removing herself from the crook of the back the couch and moving to the other side. She rested silently on her right side, breathing steadily and showing no signs of distress. Exactly the way Draco wanted to see. One touch of his fingertips was all it took to calm her. He could not imagine what more than a simple brush of his fingers would do. Draco tensed, feeling the same magical charge that he had felt earlier that evening. He didn't know what Blaise had done, where he had touched, but he could feel the same sensations course through him as he traced her lips carefully with his pointer finger. It was an incredibly scintillating, powerful, and erotic current. With each second, he could feel her magic seep into him, filling his body to the brink of explosion. He continued to touch her, to explore her face with his hands until the urge to lean forward and kiss her took over. His lips briefly touched hers, too quickly for him to completely enjoy the plumpness and sweetness of her lips. Draco watched with awe as she responded so unbelievably well to his touch. As he pulled away, he knew for certain that Fate wasn't making a mockery of him. Hermione was meant to be theirs, and he would travel the world and go through any trial to make it a reality. He lay awake for several hours. Dawn was just scaling the horizon and all he could think about was the intimate moment they had shared, one that he wished had included him. Blaise could still feel the feel of his lips as they brushed against hers, practically tasting her delectable mouth, her alluring taste, against subtle pull of his lips. He was so overtaken with lust and desire that it scared him. With knowledge previously unknown to him, he felt a rush of raw magic, want, and need emerge from the depths of his soul. It was with this yearning that he continued to hold onto hope, praying that he would have the same chance as his companion had. The thought of her not trusting him was already beginning to put an incredible strain on him. After three years, he was no closer to fortifying his position with her, nor was he any closer to assuaging her negative feelings toward him. He had hoped with time that she would grow to accept him as he had accepted her three years ago. But he felt strangely unsatisfied. He hated the fact that he wasn't as entwined with them as he wanted. His companion had been able to create a stronger relationship, yet he himself felt utterly hopeless and unguided. With no prevailing wind to push him in the right direction, he lay there with thoughts of the coming day. Granted, it would take time. With certainty, they would be able to unite. But he could only hope and pray that his companion's words were absolute. If, in fact, Hermione was theirs, then they would find a way to get her. If Fate tried to intervene again, he would fight for the love of their shattered souls against their treacherous attempts to keep them separated.