with her free one and squeezed it lightly for a second. "Thank you," Hermione said earnestly, "this is a weight off my mind and, just thank you. " Luna grinned at her and nodded in understanding, and with that, the girls went back to their quiet study. Hermione had been stalking around the castle for the best part of an hour, that the individuals she was hunting were remaining elusive was unsurprising, they had a knack for not getting caught, even when they were the main suspects, and were very, very guilty . Just when she was reconciling herself to give up for the day, a movement at the end of the corridor caught her attention. She darted behind a nearby tapestry and watched as two second year Gryffindor's left one of the abandoned classrooms. They exited the room at a quick pace, talking animatedly among themselves in a low register, their eyes pouring over the form in front of them. Hermione's eyes lit up. Got you . She rushed down the corridor towards the classroom the students had just vacated. Halting abruptly when she was only a couple of steps away as another couple of second year Gryffindor's rounded the corner stopping dead at the sight of her. The scene reminded her of a western movie, both boys facing her with matching guilty expression, not saying anything, as if debating their next step. Before the situation dissolved into a wand fight at the O.K. Corral Hermione started talking. "If you will excuse me, I need to speak to the occupants of this room; you can come back later." She did her best to draw herself up and peer down her nose at them to assert a sense of authority, which was not easy given she was only about an inch or two taller than they were. One of the boys opened his mouth to say something in rebuttal. "Unless you would like me to speak to Mr Filch? I'm sure he would be very interested to know why you are here." The boy closed his mouth abruptly, and they both retreated. Hermione waited until they had turned the corner fully before grasping the door handle and swinging it inwards. "Good afternoon Gentleman, so this is where you moved your operations after I bossed you out of the Common Room," she exclaimed with false cheer in her voice. The Twin ginger haired figures with their backs to her froze and spun around to face her simultaneously. Her smugness evaporated quickly. Acting quicker than she would have thought possible they each linked an arm under one of hers and began dragging her bodily from the room, despite her trying to slow their progress by squirming and kicking. "STOP!" Hermione shouted, and stomped her foot involuntarily, wincing when she realised how much this made her look like a petulant child. She untangled herself from their limbs and took a step back to be able to look up into their eyes. "I'm not here to shout at you," she began, and Fred raised a brow incredulously. "Despite my feelings on this whole enterprise being incredibly suspect, " she continued, and George snorted. "I came here to talk," she implored, trying for a soft tone, though not quite managing it. The twins shared a look, "Then talk Granger," Fred began, crossing his arms over his chest, a movement his brother quickly replicated. "Yes talk, step into our office," George finished, making an elaborate sweeping motion and directing her to a chair. She outlined her revolutionary epiphany from earlier in the week, being careful not to reference the word revolution , she wanted the Twins assistance, but she didn't think it would be useful to educate them on the effectiveness of mass civil disobedience to the extent of beheading or the Storming of the Bastille. "So, for the DA to work, and to prevent Umbridge doing any real damage while she's here, we need some distractions, things to keep her occupied, to undermine her authority. Things that when they start mounting up will, at some level, call into question her capabilities as a witch," she concluded, her arms coming to rest on the side of the chair she had all but been thrown in. The boys both leant forward simultaneously an action that would have been unsettling if she hadn't seen it countless times already. "So why call on us Granger? After all you're supposedly very bright," George said, eyes regarding her contemplatively. "Brightest witch of the age, so they say Freddie." "That's right Georgie, so why do you need us?" Hermione narrowed her eyes at their smiling faces; they were enjoying this. "I came to you for your… expertise, " she replied as sweetly as she could manage, though the words felt somewhat dragged from her throat. The Twins shared another quick glance at each other. "We're glad you finally came to your senses Granger, Georgie and I will be working on this as a matter of priority" Fred beamed smugly. "Excellent!" she exclaimed, happily jumping onto her feet, "Though this doesn't mean I have changed my opinion on you canvassing in the common room for your products, and I'm still not happy about the testing on the first years." "It's perfectly safe Granger," George started. "Within reason," Fred qualified. Hermione glared. "We'll be careful," they said together. Hermione exited the room quickly after that, the less she knew about the Twin's enterprise, the better. She briefly wondered what was happening to her moral compass, but she quickly shook the thought off. After all, what was a revolution without a few radicals? A/N: April 2017 : this story has been revamped. Nothing will have changed too much, but hopefully, it will be somewhat tighter than the original version. As mentioned in my original Author's Note, Pictures was my first ever fanfic and I was inspired to take on an Antonin x Hermione pairing after devouring the excellent works of both Canimal and Thrifty Crimson.