all of our magical guests, we strive to learn from them," a voice echoed against the walls, its owner marching from the shadows. "We hear that you can conjure ghost-like apparitions with your music. Care to elaborate?" Oliver had never known this. "I don't know what you're talking about, Herr-" he tried, but was silenced with a slap to the cheek. "Like I said, elaborate , or I won't be so forgiving." The man straightened his cap and leaned close to the boy's face. Oliver glared back into his eyes. "What, are you implying that your officers are seeing hallucinations? Maybe they should be admitted as prisoners if their genes are so faulty that they should see things that aren't really there-!" "-ENOUGH! Kerner," he growled, turning to a subordinate in the room. "turn on the chair, make him howl!" Oliver strained his head to see what the man went to do behind him. A plug was inserted into an electrical port connected to his chair. The men holding him down instead let go and put his arms and legs in cuffs around the arms and legs of the chair. Kerner pulled down a switch on the wall and a surging pain ripped through the boy, causing him to convulse and shake as if a troll had taken him in his arms and started to bash him repeatedly against a wall. They electrocuted him three times over before Oliver had decided to give up anything to them. He had screamed so much that his throat was raw. "M-maybe I can, but I've never noticed any ghosts when I play, I focus on t-the music," he sputtered, still out of breath and twitching from the aftermath of the session. The Obergefreiter[8], as the head officer was called, peered down on Oliver once more. "There have also been accusations that you have made other inmate's food portions larger by just looking at them. What do you say to that?" Again, Oliver was confused. Sure, he had felt pity on the other prisoners around him, but whatever the Obergefreiter asked of him, he wasn't sure if he had even done it or not. "I-I'm not sure-" "Kerner, the chair, again-" "No, wait!" Oliver yelled suddenly, begging not to be electrocuted again. "Yes, yes, I know, I've done it! I felt sorry for them, so I made their food portion larger!" Kerner took his hand off of the lever. "What else can you do with your powers?" the Obergefreiter asked slowly. Oliver paused, deciding to just give the man what he wanted so he wouldn't be hurt anymore. "I can brew potions and unleash spells from a wand. That's it." "Good," the man said, pacing. "We happen to have confiscated a wand from another inmate. Demonstrate for us what you can do." Kerner disappeared through the door momentarily, and returned, carrying a long, grainy wand. The two other men in the room who had previously held Oliver to the chair took his right arm and unlocked the sheath. Kerner gave him the wand, but as he did, he revealed a gun from his holster. He checked that there was ammunition inside the barrel, cocked it, and put it to Oliver's head. "Now, we can't let you kill us with that thing, boy," Kerner chuckled, a thin grimace pasted upon his papery lips. The gun was so close that the cold metal touched his scalp. Shaking, Oliver held up the wand in front of him and remembered one of the spells his father had taught him when he was younger. " Reducto! " he exclaimed, pointing his wand and aiming the curse at a bloodied, steel boot in the corner where a rather large bucket, knives, and a whip were also stored. The boot suddenly was hit by a blue light that came from the tip of Oliver's wand and was reduced to a fine, gray ash, made up in a neat, cone-shaped pile on the ground. Kerner and the two guards were stunned by shock at what they had just witnessed, while the Obergefreiter was indifferent, a pleased look on his iron face. Kerner almost let his arm go limp and propped it back up against Oliver's head as he craned his neck to get a better glimpse at the scene. "Now perform the same spell, but on him," the Obergefreiter ordered, ushering one of the manservants to stand in front of the boy's chair. One sheepishly walked up and stood, giving continual glances at his superior but saying no words. Oliver wasn't keen on finding out what exactly would happen if he were to induct this curse upon a man, although he had a slight inclination on what the outcome might have been. Reluctantly, he pointed his wand and once again said, " Reducto!" Immediately, the same thing happened to the guard, and he fell to the floor in a pile of dust in a great scream. The ash was not so neat that time, and it spread throughout the hair in a small, confined cloud, almost outlining where the man had stood before his demise. Now Oliver was stunned, beginning to embrace what he had just done. "Good," the Obergefreiter chimed gruffly. "For giving us this valuable information you possess, you'll be returned to the camp. But, if you conjure any more ghosts or enlarge any food items again, you will be killed on sight. Do you understand, boy?" "Yes, Herr," Oliver breathed, dropping the wand on the ground with a hollow clatter. [1] German for the Magical Police . Germany's equivalent to the UK's aurors. [2] German for the Magical Assembly . Germany's equivalent to the UK's Ministry of Magic. [3] German for the Secret Army . [4] German-style dumplings, typically either made with bread or potato. [5] A well-known concerto for solo violin and orchestra, composed by Felix Mendelssohn. [6] German for fragile. [7] A virtuosic piece for solo violin and orchestra, composed by Antonio Bazzini. [8] German for corporal.