earning herself an eye-roll "Daph, I've been your best friend since forever by now, I know when you have an ulterior motive" Daphne laughed, tossing her head and hair backwards. "Fine, you got me. I saw Lavender Brown just outside the window right beforehand." She smirked. "All I wanted to do was paw off some of the men so enamoured in me…" she finished with an overly exaggerated, conceited tone before breaking into more laughter. "I'm surprised though" Tracey said in an uncharacteristically serious voice. "Didn't you say that Potter fancied you? He didn't react much when you kissed his best friend. Guess you were wrong" Tracey added as she looked at Daphne. The blonde Slytherin shrugged. "Potter and I? That would never last." The Slytherin duo broke into outright laughter, the previous tension broken as they changed topics and conversed relaxedly for the rest of the trip, the kiss all but forgotten. After leaving the Slytherin's compartment, the Golden Trio set out to find a new compartment. Hermione lead the charge, forcing the two boys to jog quickly behind her to keep up pace. "Would you slow down a bit, 'Mione?" panted Ron "The compartments aren't going to run away from us … I think?" Luckily, the three Gryffindors soon found a recently vacated compartment and stumbled in. After a few moments of panting to catch their breaths, Harry spoke up. A bit of frustration was evident on his face. "Alright. We just ran away from a couple of Slytherins" he noted as he turned to Hermione "So my first question, oh valiant and courageous leader, is why did we do that? Hermione didn't speak but instead turned red as she averted her gaze towards the window. Ron gasped as he came to a conclusion. "Wait a minute… Alright. I know I'm terrible at this stuff, Dean and Seamus keep telling me but…" Ron had finally finished processing the information as he left out an incredulous gasp: "Hermione!" he grabbed his best female friend by her shoulders and shook her "You have a crush on Greengrass?!" Hermione's gaze snapped back towards Ron. A look of astonishment and rage streamed through her eyes as she slapped the poor redhead across the face. "I don't like girls that way you twit! I just don't want to be near Greengrass for a long period of time" she finished, huffing. As Ron massaged his newly reddened cheek, Harry turned to Hermione "Why not? She seemed like quite a nice person to me Did she call you the "m-word" or something?" He asked quietly. Hermione's answer was slow and irritated. "No, she hasn't called me that before. She just irritates me a lot. Just forget about it, I don't want to talk about her." Hermione turned back to the window as Harry's look turned thoughtful. His mind wandered back to the times when he had met the Greengrass scion. Harry had tended to keep to himself or his friends during class and thus barely recognized Daphne when they had first exchanged words on the day after the match against Ravenclaw this year where he had successfully cast the Patronus charm for the first time. Drunk in happiness, Harry had accidentally crashed into the blonde Slytherin. To his surprise, rather than hexing him for walking into her, Daphne had instead congratulated him on winning the game and "dealing with the pest", as she had said before the pair formally introduced themselves to one another. Since then, Harry had begun to notice Daphne around the school, sometimes in the hallways chatting with her friends, sometimes in the library studying for one subject or another. When they bumped into each other alone, they would exchange a greeting like the one they just had. He had long since acknowledged her physical beauty but those thoughts would quickly be replaced with thoughts of the cute Asian Ravenclaw in the year above... Back in the present day, Harry looked bemused as Ron attempted to apologise, unsuccessfully, to Hermione. The Gryffindor bookworm simply looked irritated as she ignored her friend's words. Harry had no idea why Hermione was so annoyed by Ron's antics but chose not to press the issue. He trusted Hermione would tell them when she felt that it was right. Eventually, Ron gave up on trying to appease Hermione and instead invited Harry to the upcoming Quidditch World Cup Finals, revealing that the Weasleys had been able to secure a few seats because of Arthur Weasley's position in the Ministry. The trio also received a surprise letter from Sirius Black, whom sent his regards and gave Ron the owl as a replacement for his old pet rat. Before long, the conductor called, reminding the students to change back into muggle garb in preparation for alighting the train, which the trio quickly did. Upon arriving at King's Cross, Harry waved goodbye to his Hermione and Ron, receiving a small hug from Hermione and a bigger one from Mrs. Weasley. As he was about to leave with his Uncle as he looked back to the magical gateway. Daphne had just walked through the magical portal from platform nine and three-quarters, her face once again donning her impassive façade that he had seen her use as she went about in the castle. Upon seeing Harry, Daphne gave him a small wave before her family apparated away. Harry stood still for a few more moments before his frustrated Uncle dragged him towards their family's car. As each of the students left the station with their families in tow, none of them realized that their destinies, lives and worlds were forever changed. Though the changes from their original journey seemed minute, the events of the day would have lasting consequences that would be felt for many years to come. Spells Used: Tempus – Time-Revealing Charm Cantamem Aparecium – Spell Revealing Charm Specialis Revelio - Abscondis Revelio – Stealth Sensoring Charm A/N: Well, that's the first chapter, please R&R and have an awesome day!