and Antidote. They don't take it lightly either. I was shocked when I found out but they are very careful. They know what can happen if they aren't. Carya has shown us every book in her possession to make sure we know about it. Her shelves aren't hidden either. I hope you don't betray the trust she has in me by assuming things about the couple. I wasn't supposed to tell anyone and if she finds out I'll surely be yelled and screamed at if not worse." "No child should be allowed to study them at all," Molly Weasley threw in angry at Sirius and Remus for allowing such a thing. "Carya and Harry never really were children, Molly! They had their first contact with dangerous dark magic before they could walk and talk properly. They have seen their parents being killed, what do you expect? I can understand her desire to understand what ruined their lives," snapped Sirius. "She's not only concentrating on those thing, that you know it. Carya only had three exams that weren't 'Outstanding' those were History of Magic, Arithmancy and Astronomy. She also loves playing pranks with her friends. And she's capable of something most fallen dark wizards aren't. She is capable of love! I won't have anyone assuming otherwise," he continued hotly defending his little girl when Remus put a hand on his friends arm. "Siri is right. She might belong to the snakes house but she has the heart of a true lioness. I wouldn't want to cross them. If those six stick together nothing can stop them. They are practically one person by now. They share everything," the werewolf said. "I have to agree with Lupin. The group is very secretive and does not trust strangers. Only a selected few have ever gained their trust. Not many have their respect. Not even all teachers have that. I do remember what they did to Lockhart in their third year. Not that he didn't deserve it," Severus admitted with a smirk at the last part. "We can trust these children. They won't disappoint us. I believe that they still hide some things about the third task and about themselves but they never outright lied. They are very strong willed and open-minded young wizards. They add up their abilities as well. We have never had as many good Slytherin students as this year. Through the help of these children some inter-house couples have developed better than expected. We even have a Gryffindor-Slytherin pair right now," Albus explained further. "Really? I'd never thought that would be possible. Do we know the kids, Albus?" asked Tonks. "I don't know about the girl which would be Miss Blaise Zabini from Slytherin but you know the boy's parents. It's Neville Longbottom, the son of Frank and Alice. He finally shows what he's really capable of now that he has found a girlfriend. As you might know his Grandmother was fearing he might be a Squib when she took him in and it seemed that way for the first three years of his schooling as well. Last year he started showing his skills in all subjects. By now he is an at least mediocre if not better student in most subjects. His best are Herbology and History though. Oh, and young Miss Potter has a scary sense of humour sometimes so don't be offended. I remember a day when they had to test their colour changing potions. You should remembers those from your own time at school. They made one for eye-colour that day and Miss Potter chose red. She really looked a bit scary like that and frightened some of the students and even a few of the professors when she started smirking. The girl was fully aware of the reaction she caused within teachers and students alike," the headmaster said calmly. "That reminds me Albus, did you have them followed when they stayed at Privet Drive? Carya mentioned that she felt being followed by someone the whole time. But it didn't feel threatening, merely curious and wary, she said," asked Remus. Albus looked surprised as did some others. That was truly unexpected. "You are right Remus, we did watch them and it proved to be good when those Dementors appeared. She felt them before they got to the children, didn't she? That's why they could get away long before we were able to help," said Dedalus Diggle. "Yes, Carya often listens to her feelings and they have never betrayed her since she was five," Sirius said thoughtfully. "She's quite clever and Albus is right. She must have some empathic powers at least. I didn't think the kids would notice that they are being watched," said Tonks with a hint of surprise and awe. "Severus, you'll let the two children explain their research to you when they're back at school. We don't want to worry them to much before the term starts. We do have a problem though. This year's defence teacher! Fudge is interfering more than I'd like and there's nothing we can do since the board of governors already agreed to his plans, ..." Albus said and the other thirteen wizards and witches listened to his worries. ~*~*~ Meanwhile at Black Manor ~*~*~ "I think we should just get back to bed, Tom. Snape didn't go to that meeting and if old Snake-face gets angry tonight we'll know it. I'm really looking forward to our visit in Diagon Alley. It'll take my mind of this," Carya told her boyfriend. "You're right, love. Let's head back to bed. Don't worry, we'll be fine. Harry is safe with Hermione and Draco is with Ginny. Nothing will happen to them!" the boy soothed her knowing fully well what she was thinking about. The two soon to be fifth years went back to Carya's rooms and settled down for the rest of the night. It was already half past five in the morning when they were woken up by another nightmare.