accelerating forward as fast as he could, diving into the waters below. Regulus gasped as his body plunged into the murky depths, at first the cold was so severe, so sharp, the sensation was like hundreds of stabbing needles all over his body. With the way that the pain lacerated his body he initially assumed that he had not made his original goal of clearing the rocks. When he realised he was in the middle of the water his mind screamed at him to move, and he ploughed on, gripping Kreacher by the back of his favoured pillow case and pulling him onto his back as he began to propel forward. He did whatever he could to not think about the pain that was eating into his skin; he felt he had never swum so slowly in his life. It would all be worth it, all of it. Regulus thought of the carefully placed locket that was safely tucked into the bottom of his pack. It had taken him an age to get something that looked close enough to what he needed. He had seen his Lord wearing it before, 'a family heirloom' he had said, it was certainly much more than that. Now he had the answers he finally understood the strange feel he had got from the item, he had written it off at the time as an unexpected flash of envy, but the more he assessed his reaction after the fact, armed with new information, he realised how ridiculous that was. When he had created a decent enough facsimile, he resigned himself to the fact that he would never be able to make it feel the same way. He realised the Dark Lord would know instantly, as soon as he held the gold in the palm of his hand, and so he had allowed himself to include the note. To the Dark Lord I know I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it was I who discovered your secret. I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can. I face death in the hope that when you meet your match you will be mortal once more. R.A.B. It was his final fuck you, not just to the Lord he could not respect but to a world that had not understood him, a world that had never tried. Even by his own admission, the short letter was arrogant, petulant, and foolhardy, and yet when his quill had pressed the final dot into the parchment, it gave him the first real smile he had in months. As they approached the shoreline, Kreacher summed up what little energy must have been remaining in his bones and jumped from his place on Regulus' back reaching his slim hand forward to help him climb to the shore. The drying spell he waved over them did nothing to eliminate the quaking of their bodies, but they pressed on. It was too late to go back now. Regulus knew for certain how it would all end when the first of the Inferi dragged its decaying frame onto the tiny island. He was aware that apparition was impossible and yet faced with increasingly desperate thoughts he tried it anyway. He just had enough time to secure the locket around Kreacher's neck before the first withered hand secured around his ankle. He had gripped the locket so tightly, felt victory so clearly that he had pressed the glimmering emerald stones into the palm of his hand, he registered the hiss of a sting as he gripped Kreacher tightly, even as he could feel himself being dragged backwards. "Kreacher," he spoke clearly, endeavouring to keep any panic out of his voice. "Master Regulus..." the elf screamed realising with a start that the locket had been placed on his person as he rushed forward to grip Regulus' wrist. Kreacher babbled in an unending stream of sobs and pleas, using what was left of his magic to zap some of the invading forces off the rocks. Regulus stopped fighting as the water reached his middle, the clawing fingers ripping into his flesh. "Kreacher," he forced out, "I command you to go." There was a pained scream, and a flash of blinding light before the water came up to his chin, and a deep, uncomfortable tug began in his navel. Then, all was black. Regulus blinked. He regarded vaulted ceilings, dark wood beams, and red and gold banners. Even the afterlife was mocking him. A sudden burn in his chest made him throw himself onto his side, deep heaves bringing up thick streams of murky water. There was a gasp and a scrambling of feet and despite the pain, all over his body Regulus leapt to his feet instantly gripping his wand. He lunged forward instinctively pressing the tip into the neck of the person in front of him. It took him a moment to realise, distracted as he was by large, cinnamon eyes blown wide, that there was a wand tip pressed against the flesh of his throat, and three more pointing at him in the distance. Witches, four of them. Regulus took a step back, nearly slipping over as he felt sickly confusion settle over him, he lowered his wand, and they dropped theirs, at which point he was assaulted with a barrage of voices. "H-Hello?" "Are you alright?" "You're very wet." "Who are you?" "Have you come far?" The general confusion in the room calmed his senses; he didn't seem to be in an order stronghold. He looked back at the first girl, her eyes still locked on him, she was short with freckles over her nose and insanely curly hair. "I'm Regulus, Regulus Black." A/N Thank you for reading, prepare for the tone to change a little in the next chapter as we find out all about the witches that have had young Regulus Black land practically in their laps.