sitting askew his nose, he looked up and racked his hands through his beard, a trait that he's come to enjoy despite the memories it evoked. Dragging his fingers through his hair as the clippings of the Prophet fluttered around him a dance that he was too tossed to memorize, he came to the dreadful conclusion that made him start drinking in the first place. Her pictures were scattered everywhere that his hands could touch- the walls, the clippings and ragged magazine articles. What little visitors he had then were instructed to bring whatever supplies that they could managed to feed his growing obsession. No matter how hard he tried, immortalizing her was an excuse to make up for all the years that she could have entrusted him with. Draco has never known such tragedy. It all started just shortly after the fall of Lord Voldemort, and it was no what most would have imagined. His family had fallen so hard from grace that they literally landed themselves in the pitiful pools of mud in which they believed all things aside from themselves belonged. His family had taken quite the beating, and after the proceeding hearings, the only name that had been cleared was his mother's, leaving him to serve a fully twenty years in Azkaban for his crimes against the Wizarding War and his part in Dumbledore's death. Despite the irrefutable evidence that he had been employed by the Imperius Curse. He had even taken the Death Mark unwarranted by his own actions. His deceased father had auctioned him off and when he was to blame for what happened at the Ministry, he was the one to take his punishments. It had been ordained by Voldemort from the very beginning. He hadn't known discreet hatred until his own father whisked him away to be brutalized by the least human creature deployed by Voldemort. Greyback was notorious for turning others. He was a brute, psychopathic beast that infiltrated Hogwarts soon after he lead the pack of wild slaughterers into the school. Believing in a now elementary cause such as blood purity was one of the greatest mistakes in his in life, aside from ever allowing himself to love. Her face was that of pure white, coated in faint freckles of innocence. Shaking his head, he pleaded that her face would go away, but it was hard to run away from someone when they were quite literally painted onto his wall. He envisioned the same tormented picture when he was asked what his deepest desire was, and it was now that he realized he should have told her truthfully that it had been her- it was her all along. Not even hours later after his proposal he was dragged from his small cot and sent to an office at the ministry. Taken into custody, he begged for release but none was granted to him. Instead, he flew to the walls of Azkaban, where, he remained until the final notice of his fate was delivered to him with a single word of guilty imprinted upon its face. He thrashed about, spoke violently of the injustice, but every threat fell absolutely on deaf ears. Even the Dementors didn't seem to take well to his anguish, despite the fluent succession of nutrients at their feet. He had one chance, and he blew it Suddenly, he was back in his cell. The demented workings of his brain were wreaking havoc on his still fragile body. He soon found himself completely unresponsive to the simplest of tasks. He let the corrosive liquid set fire to his throat. In his haste to drown in sorrows in bottles of Firewhiskey, he almost forgot why he come back to this damnable gallery. He was no longer in his cell, but in the space he once shared with Hermione. All around him were hundreds of paintings, sketches and pursuits of the one lease of inspiration that he had obtained during his time during the war. In his attempt to die before the Dementors had a chance to end his life for him, a great multitude of compassion if he had the privilege to know it, Draco tossed the finished contraband against the wall, slid down to the floor and wept. In one irrefutable moment, his thoughts were sent back to the clippings. They were the reason why he was so set on destroying himself. He was no longer being held captive in the rotting cells of Azkaban. If it hadn't been for one fiercely persuasive girl, he would have surely died along with them. He could give a thousand reasons why he deserved this treatment, though, he was preserved to believe that if he begged long and hard enough, this dream would eventually rose him and he would find himself back inside the school. Wand raised, pointing at the one being other than her that made him feel remotely human. "You still paint her?" his mother asked one day when she came in to check on him. There was no jealousy hinting in her words, just curiosity. "I don't recall her having straight hair." "She doesn't," he murmured softly. "That was a mistake." "Fruitful wishing?" she offered with a chuckle. "No," he told her in a lying tone, "just spite." He took another drag of his bottle and sighed. "Come Draco, I think she's waited enough." She spoke of the very first painting he ever did of her, and it was one of his most prized treasures of his life. Although engaged, he still saw her as the jewel of his eye and the single impression of his passion. He painted other things, of course. But, she was the only person he's ever painted that he ever given life to. Bracing himself again, he raised his paint brush to the wall once more, this time completely set on capturing her for one final time. To this, he became to draw. Because even in death, she would live through his paintings.