had been collected. "When I had one in third year, every time I went back an hour I would come out near enough the same place: Maybe a classroom or two away from my original spot, or the next corridor over. Sometimes a few floors up or down – either way it was still inside Hogwarts. Location isn't affected; I can only assume the anomalies were to tie into the Statute of Secrecy – wherever I came out was entirely deserted," she rambled. Her mind was already three steps ahead of her mouth and she was dreading having to voice her hypothesis out loud: once it was spoken, they would have to seriously consider the possibility. "You had a Time-Turner in third year?" Draco asked incredulously. Hermione glared up at him, "big picture, please." "Right," Draco gave his head a quick shake. "So according to your theory, we should be in the vicinity of the Department of Mysteries – somewhere in the Ministry?" Hermione nodded, but didn't speak - she couldn't. "We're obviously still underground," Draco continued slowly, the gears of his mind hard at work and soon coming to the same conclusion Hermione had already reached. "But where's the Ministry? If a Time-Turner only moves us through time..." Hermione closed her eyes, knowing what was coming next. "Granger," Draco said slowly. "When was the Ministry built?" Hermione swallowed and shook her head, silently begging him not to make her answer. But of course, Draco ignored her, "Granger!" Hermione sighed and opened her eyes, "The Ministry of Magic succeeded the Wizard's Council in, or around, 1629," she said quietly, relaying the information she had read a few years back. "But the current site of the Ministry wasn't the original: the Original Ministry was lost in the Great Fire of London, in 1666 and the current Ministry was built in the years following." Draco was silent for a while, digesting this information, "So what you're essentially saying is -" Hermione shook her head, "Don't say it! Please, don't!" "Why?" Draco frowned, "we both know it -" "If we've gone back a few hours, we can just wait it out!" Hermione explained, struggling to ignore the panic bubbling. "A few days, we can wait out – hell, a year, we can easily wait out! A couple of decades, wouldn't be great, but we'd fix it somehow – we'd be able to find another Time-Turner, or get this one fixed, to take us forward. But if you say what you are about to say – if it's true, then…" Hermione trailed off. "We're screwed." Draco finished quietly, and the panic Hermione was trying to hold back finally exploded. She dropped her wand and ran her hands through her hair, her breathing becoming faster and deeper as she started to hyperventilate. "All right, Granger, suck it up," Draco said, though his concern was clear. He knelt down in front of Hermione and made her look at him. "Breathe, Granger," he commanded her, putting his hands on either side of her face. "Breathe. You're no good to me in this state – we don't even know if your theory is correct – there is no use panicking about it until we're certain. For all we know, that explosion could have blasted us to another location – maybe we have just gone back a year. And if not, we'll figure it out. But first, you need to breathe, so we can at least get out of this cave. Damn it, Granger, I will slap you if I have to." Hermione's breathing steadied again as she focused on Draco's breathing with the intention of mimicking his rhythm, and got a grip on herself. "Sorry," she said, feeling foolish for losing it so quickly. Draco shrugged, before getting to his feet and helping Hermione to hers, "Don't worry about it. Something tells me it won't be the only meltdown to occur before all this is over – I'm sure we'll both be enjoying those delights," he said dryly. Hermione picked up her wand and let out a long breath, "okay, what do we do?" "First, we need to get out of here- " Draco started, "But there's no exit," Hermione interrupted, "this chasm is tiny, and sealed off completely." "But there's no magic stopping us from apparating: if we've gone so far back that the Ministry doesn't exist, or if we've been blasted out of the site, it doesn't matter – either way, there's no magic." Hermione nodded, realising the logic of this statement: "You're right, apparition should be a safe option. But where are we going to apparate to? If, Merlin save us, we have gone back a few centuries, we can hardly apparate out into the middle of London dressed like this." "Malfoy Manor," Draco said after a moment. "The house has been there for centuries: we need to find out when we are, while keeping a low profile. And if we're going to find help anywhere, it will be there." Hermione thought for a moment, trying to think of an alternative, any possible alternative – Hogwarts was potentially an option, but like Draco had said, a low profile was probably a necessity, and turning up at Hogwarts would have the opposite effect. Finally she nodded. "All right," she agreed, bending down to scoop up the broken remains of the Time-Turner, and shoving them into her jacket pocket, along with the vial. Draco held out his hand and Hermione obligingly took it. Draco pulled her closer, making sure he had a firm grip on her hand, before taking a deep breath and disapparating them out of their prison. A/N: Thanks for reading, I hope you're intrigued :) I'll have the next chapter up in a fortnight. Please leave a review, let me know what you thought - and if you can name the TV shows which the 4 couples I mentioned are from, you'll get a mention in the next post and bragging rights :) xBx