had trapped both Blaise and Draco into this bond, all because he had lost control of his magic. Harry knew his control was better than it used to be, he had in fact gotten better at controlling it over the years, the only thing that had caused a problem, and made his control slip, was because he hadn't been able to control his temper. Harry knew what he had to do, but there was no way to just not be angry. Not when everyone seemed set on controlling his life for him. He trusted Dumbledore, he really had no reason not to, but the old wizard was probably the worse culprit for choosing things that would change Harry's life drastically. This time, it was now affecting people other than Harry. Though he didn't like anyone in Slytherin, he couldn't help the feeling of guilt that was forming. The chilly Autumn air hit Harry's face when he walked out the front doors, turning his attention toward the lake immediately. Harry smiled when he could easily see Fred and George down there, and although he couldn't see the face of the third redhead with them, Harry knew it was Ron. Without a glance back at Blaise, Harry took off at a run, heading down to the lake. Blaise shook his head and followed quickly, shivering slightly as the Autumn air blew. Blaise grumbled softly as he kept his eyes on Harry; the least the smaller boy could have done was grab a cloak before coming outside. It was the first week of November, and even though there was no snow, it was still chilly. Hurrying his pace to catch up with Harry, and tell him off for not dressing warmer, Blaise's attention shifted as they neared the lake, narrowing his eyes when he saw the three Weasley's standing by the lake. Ron was sitting down throwing pebbles into the lake while his twin brothers were standing off to the side glancing at their younger brother every now and then. Blaise saw the moment they noticed Harry approaching, they paused in whatever they were talking about, moving to intercept Harry, who wasn't paying any attention to them, instead he was heading straight toward Ron. Blaise sped up a bit more and grabbed Harry's arm as Fred and George came to them. "Oi, Harry," one of the twins said while the other gave Blaise a curious distrustful look. "Look," the first twin continued. "we figured you'd want to talk to Ron, but I don't think now is such a good time." Fred glanced over his shoulder where Ron was throwing another rock into the lake, either not having noticed them, or just ignoring everyone around him. Harry could tell by how tense he looked that Ron was really upset. This just made Harry want to talk to him more, he had to apologize. "I just need to talk to him," Harry said, looking pleadingly toward Fred. "Harry, we know you didn't mean what you did," Fred said with a small sigh, looking more serious than Harry had ever seen either of them look before. "And honestly our little brother probably deserved what you gave him," George pointed out. "But, he's still our brother and well… Harry that was some pretty strong accidental magic. If you try to talk to him now it will probably end up in a fight, and well…" George trailed off, not sure of how to continue. But he didn't have to, it was clear enough to Harry what the twins were trying to tell him. "I… you think I'd hurt him again..." Harry said staring at the twins, he felt something squeeze painfully in his chest. He had hoped that there would be someone who still trusted him, had hoped that his magic hadn't done so much damage that his friends, people he considered to be the family he had never had, would be afraid of him now, wouldn't trust him near them. "It's not that, Harry, really it's not." Fred said quickly, but both twins could tell from the look on Harry's face, the damage had been done. Harry could be a very strong person when he was standing up and protecting someone he thought needed it, but they had seen more than once how easily Harry could and would turn things around to make them his fault. "Harry," George said, in an attempt to fix what he had just done, "we just don't want you and Ron to be fighting right now. Ron is really stubborn and knowing him he'll say things that will just make you upset with him," Fred tried to explain, but it was clear that Harry wasn't really listening. The smaller Gryffindor just stared at them blankly for a moment, before giving a small nod as if he understood them. Harry pulled his arm free from Blaise, and turning, he ran back up towards the castle. "Harry!" Fred called after him, letting out a sigh and looking to George when Harry didn't stop. "Well this is bloody brilliant." George sighed. "We'll have to catch him in the common room tonight and talk to him then." "Harry won't be in the common room tonight." Blaise glared at the two of them his fists clenched at his side. He was fighting against the urge to punch the identical faces in front of him, because Blaise knew the only reason for his sudden anger was because Harry had just been hurt by these two, and while punching them would make him feel better, it would do nothing to help Harry, or the situation. "I should warn you now," Blaise said softly, keeping his glare fixed on the twins, "if I see anyone with red hair near Harry I will shoot spells first and ask questions later." Blaise turned, leaving two confused Weasley's staring after him, and went back up to the castle to find Harry before there were any more outbursts of possibly dangerous accidental magic. TBC