once, making her scream. Then began to circle her entrance with a finger. Her hips began to buck. I quickened my tongue moves, circling and flickering her clit and then entered her with a digit. Her back arched and she moaned loudly. One of her hands went to the back of my head entangling her fingers on my hair and making sure I wouldn't move and the other hand clutching the sheets. Her grip on my hair only tightened as I greeted her with a second digit and then a third. She came as soon as I pushed the three digits deep inside her and brushed against her tender spot. She screamed my name and as I helped her come down from her high. She pulled my hair a little and I kissed my way up to her side and took her mouth with a deep kiss. She moaned, tasting herself in my mouth. She reached my butt and grounded me on her leg. I buried my face in her neck, moaning. She shifted and rolled us. Securing my hands with hers, she smirked at me and attacked my breasts, kissing and biting. When I tried to hold her, her grip on my wrists tightened. "Relax, I'll make you scream just like you did me." She whispered in my ear while lightly grinding her leg on me. The last bit of control I had gone into the air as she repeated the motion she had just done while biting down my neck. She made her way down to my core slowly, kissing and cherishing every bit of my body. She licked my inner thighs and surprised me by biting it at the same time she rolled a digit near my entrance. Biting me another time, she entered me with one smooth move. A loud moan escaped my mouth as my back arched and my hips bucked. "Fuck!" She trusted again inside me, deeper this time, her thumb teasing my clit in sync with thrusting rhythm. In no time she had me squirming in no time. I made no effort to prevent myself from screaming. As soon as I felt her thong on the heated skin of my inner thing I began to moan even louder. Her thong traced my left thigh then my right one. "Her..." I didn't manage to say her name completely because at that exact moment she strongly flipped her thong in between my folds and found my throbbing nerve bundle. Gasping I got a grip on her hair and felt her sync the thrust of her fingers indeed me (there were three now) and the movement she did with her mouth and thong. When I felt her suck my clit and circle its tip with her thong, I fell over the edge, screaming her name and squirming uncontrollably. She helped me to drive my orgasm perfectly and then rose to lay beside me and pull me in a hug and a lovingly passionate kiss. We fell asleep holding each other, exhausted. I woke up before her. I couldn't believe I was that lucky. I had her next to me, I had slept holding her and she was my girlfriend. Oh shit, I had it bad (not that I didn't know that). "Good morning, gorgeous!" I startled by her voice, being completely lost in thoughts. I smiled, looking into her eyes losing myself again. "What were you thinking about?" "You. Always you." I whispered in her ear, smirking as she shivered. "Good morning, babe." I added, kissing her lips softly. She smiled into the kiss and hugged me. "I hate to move, but I need coffee." "Uhmmm. But I don't want to get up just yet." I whined, making her laugh. "Then don't. I'll be back in less than five. I swear." She softly kissed my neck, chuckling a little. I watched her get a shirt in the wardrobe and walk out of the room. "Yours is pitch black, right?" She asked on her way to the kitchen. I knew it rhetoric, she knew exactly how I took my coffee in the mornings. After only seconds, I rose and went after her, not minding to put on any clothes. "Thought you would stay in bed..." She chuckled as I evolved he waist in my arms and watched her making coffee over her shoulder. "Missed you too much." I quipped, kissing the nape of her neck (she had her hair in a sloppy bun now). She hummed, flicked her wand to make sure the coffee would be ready quicker and turned on my arms. "Good." she kissed me tenderly before handing me my cup of coffee. Thinking of it, we looked like a long-time couple. I think our friendship had something to do with it but I couldn't care less. She began to move back to the bedroom, purposely swaying her hips. "You know you don't really need to convince me to get back to bed with you, right?" I laughed. "Simply extra persuasion." "You wearing my shirt is enough. I already feel like carrying you to the bed again." I say in a serious tone, after reaching her right before she enters the bedroom. "Oh... And why don't you?" I held out my mug to her, which she takes with a smirk, and carefully lifted her, carrying her bridal style to the bed. Both of us laughing. "I could get used to this..." she said after I put her down on the mattress and retrieved my coffee from her. Taking a sip, I get serious. "Why don't you?" She grabs my mug and places it beside hers on the nightstand and pulls me over her, kissing me deeply. "I love you." We whisper in unison, looking deeply into each other's eyes. We start softly caressing each other and silently agree to stay in bed for the rest of the day. A/N: That was my first smut scene ever! Hope you liked it! Please review! Luv yah! ;3