"I do appreciate you willing to see me." Ragunk looked up at the elder wizard. "I was not given much of a choice. What is supposed to be so important that could not wait till working hours." "I have reason to believe that either something has happened to Harry Potter or that he is dead." "What do you expect me to do? We goblins do not get involved into wizard's affair." "I went to his relatives' home. Harry was not there and blood was all over his room. I know that goblins have the means to see if a line has gone dead when the last of the line passes without an heir." Albus tried to keep the hope out of his voice. "I wanted to see as his magical guardian if the Potter line has faded and if the Black has been passed onto Draco Malfoy." Ragnuk was raging on the inside; however, he kept everything out of his voice and appeared uninterested. "I cannot provide information on another inheritance." Ragnuk went over to a file cabinet and pulled out a file. He glanced into the folder. "The Potter line has not faded. It is the only information that I can provide. I suggest you leave and do want you need to do. I have things of importance that I must attend." Ragnuk dismissed the wizard. Albus turned and left the office. Once he was out of the bank, he apparated to headquarters. He made several firecalls. He woke the Weasleys. He paced the room while he waited for people to arrive. The elder Weasleys were the first down, who were soon followed by their parents. After several minutes, the rest of children came down including Hermione. "What has happened Albus?" Albus looked directly at Ron and Hermione. "Have either of you heard from Harry?" "No, we have not." Hermione spoke as Ron shook his head. "If he was in trouble, do you know where he would go or contact?" "He would try to reach us depending on what it was, but he would also reach out to Professor Lupin. What has happened?" Hermione's voice shook. Charles and Bill were watching everything carefully. They are hardly home. He could see the fear the twins tried to hide. He saw the anger and slight bit of concern on Ron and Ginny. Hermione seemed sincere. "Harry is missing. My tracking spell on the boy was removed. I went to his home. He was not there and blood was on the floor of his room." The twins were quick to jump from the floor. "We shall kill them." They tried to leave the room. However, they were prevented from leaving. Bill moved forward. Albus spoke first. "Kill who?" "As if…" "You did not…" "know. We know.." "he tried to…" "Tell you." Bill wanted to ask something; however, several Order members arrived at that time. "What is going on?" Albus turned to Severus. "I need to you find out if any Death Eaters are bragging about kidnapping Harry Potter. He is missing and appears to be a fight blood was on his floor." Remus quickly disappeared. It was several minutes before Remus appeared. "There was blood, and it belonged to Harry. I sensed no magic except that of a house-elf." Remus began to pace. He was in a frenzy. Moony did not like the fact that his cub was in danger. "Dobby." Ron whispered. "What did you say?" "Harry could have called Dobby. Dobby is very eager to please Harry. He would do anything for him. It can be quite scary, really." Ron spoke louder. "Dobby!" Albus hollered. Dobby appeared. He kept his eyes on the floor. "Has Harry called for you recently?" Dobby looked directly at the headmaster. "No. The great Harry Potter has not called Dobby." "Thank you, Dobby." Albus turned to Bill. "Do you know if Harry kept in touch with Fleur or Viktor?" "Fleur has not said anything; however, our relationship has only just started. We have not spoken about the tournament." Bill shrugged his shoulder. Everyone began to talk. Bill nudged Charlie. They watched as the twin snuck upstairs. They looked around no one was paying them any attention. They silently followed the twins up the stairs. They walked into the twin's rooms and closed the door. "What is going on with the two of you.? Tell us what we do not already know." The twins were pacing and tossing things into a bag. Fred began. "Harry's relatives are a joke. They have done nothing but berate and beat him. We have seen the scars a few times when he was not careful in the locker room. We know that he has told Albus, but he claims that Harry exaggerates. We tried to tell mother, but she says the same. Something is off, he is alone. Hermione and Ron have kept him secluded even within Gryffindor. Ron would constantly keep Harry sidetracked when he would want to study." They continued to toss things into a bag. "Dobby lied. He knows where Harry is. We cannot allow him to be alone. He gave us the money to open our store. We will not forsake him not to the Death Eaters or to the Order and Dumbledore." George finished. Fred looked at Bill. "Ask Fleur to contact Viktor? If Harry feels that he cannot trust anyone and not sure of us Weasleys, then he would more than likely turn to them. We are going back to the shop." George finish a note. "Dobby!" Dobby looked at the four men. He crinkled his shirt. "I know that you know where Harry is located. Please give this note to him. We are on his side." "Dobby be giving Master Harry Potter the note when he wakes. He be safe and hidden." Dobby was gone. "See, told you the elf knew where Harry was located. It is now up to Harry to decide if he will trust us. We shall keep in touch."