some semblance of normal. I was almost deadened, with my father probably dying and my mother having abandoned me it was more than I could take. Later that week my father finally succumbed to his illness. He passed painless into the Otherworld in his sleep, the disease succeeding in weakened his body enough for his soul to become free of it. Due to the high chance of infection, I never even saw his body, he wouldn't have wanted me to anyway, would've wanted me to remember him healthy and strong. The healers apologised profusely to my Aunt, there was nothing we could do , they said. They were just as puzzled as she was over how dragon pox could become so deadly in a man so young. I, on the other hand, was past caring. All that mattered to me was that in less than a week, my whole universe had decayed and crumbled to ashes, slipping through my fingers no matter how hard I tried to grasp it. I felt numb. I was deaf, dumb and blind to the world around me. The funeral passed by in a blur of meaningless platitudes by faceless individuals, each one more empty than the last. My mother never turned up, and it felt like a knife had been shoved into my side every time someone asked where she was. The whole affair was incredibly traditional, an aging Irish mage from Nanna Lemaire's clan came and measured his body in the morning. His ogham inscribed fe making sure the burial place was a fit as traditionally followers of the Old Ways were buried standing up. Offerings of sacred herbs for protection and fortune were burnt and ancient Gaelic spells lost to the mists of time chanted. I saw none of it, all that mattered to me was that my family was ruined. It was my mother's actions that killed true love for me, for what love is truer than a mother for her child? She was meant to be one of the only people in the world to love me unconditionally, one of the few that would love me forever. With her leaving those notions were dashed against the rocks and left to die. I lost all faith in idealised notions of feeling and care, love was not some instantaneous bond of affection, nor was it an unbreakable chain of emotion. Love was painful. Love was an emotionless marriage and a child left weeping in front of a pair of doors. Love was that same child left staring numbly at a mound in the Earth, the scent of frankincense and sweet grass swirling around in the morning gloom. My Aunt moved into Evington Place after that, but the halls and rooms seemed so much emptier without solid strength of my father's presence and flowery aroma of my mother's perfume. Aunt Caroline was not my only living family, both my grandparents were alive on my mother's side and her sister was too, but both were unwilling to step up and raise another child. Grand-mère and Grand-père Delacroix were too old and Tante Emilie had her own children to raise which left Aunt Caroline, the only family on my father's side, to raise me. Aunt Caroline was a celebrated Magical Theorist, she was an eccentric who used recent muggle developments in areas such as physics and chemistry to expand her own knowledge on magic and its interactions. She wrote books and conducted experiments to narrow magic down to groups of simple laws, much like muggles had done with their own universe. She was fiercely curious and somewhat mad, her blonde hair wild and untameable and her grey eyes alight with an inner fire. Due to her fascination with all things muggle, the first thing she did was place me in a muggle primary school. When my father was alive I had been tutored by the same old, pureblood spinster that he had when he was a child. Miss Pemberton was a stern taskmistress, a strict and firm older woman who had a strong set of moral convictions and values. She was determined to hammer into me all the trappings of a good English woman to countermand the influence of my flighty French mother. When I was placed in Yattendon C of E Primary School, her lessons were moved to the afternoons and went from being a comprehensive education to being purely restricted to the magical world. She continued to teach other things as well though, dancing first and foremost, I always believed that she was trying to make me Accomplished by the standards of a Victorian mother. Aunt Caroline and I spent much of the rest of my childhood travelling. My Aunt loved the thrill of the hunt and was always searching for new viewpoints on magic and on information on the perception of it all over the globe. Gradually over time I began to open up again, time dulling the pain of my mother's departure and my father's death. Where once there was a raw gaping wound there now was a fresh pink scar. Grand-mère Delacroix assured me on multiple occasions that both her and her husband had cut off all ties with their eldest daughter, believing her to be somewhere in the Côte d'Azur with her new Spanish lover. Odette Lemaire once again became Odette Delacroix with my father's death, leaving her free to attach herself to some other rich man to leach off of. My belief in love however, did not return, not until my late teens anyway. I met someone, or rather got to know someone. He was like a firework, gloriously bright and flashy. A burst of vibrant energy that exploded vivacious and blinding, leaving spots of colour in your eyes. It was a gradual process, not love-at-first sight by any means, but in the end it was true . True in a way I had never believed possible. And it all started in the scorching, heat-wave summer of 1976.