where are these children supposed to come from?" Alais asked, unable to keep her thoughts to herself. It sounded an awful lot like Tinasia was proposing removing wizarding children from their families. "We can't just take them." "Why not?" Farai asked arrogantly, and several of the members gasped in shock at the suggestion; it was certainly a lot more extreme than anything that had been proposed before, but many of them seemed to be giving the concept some serious thought. "The wizards would not be able to stop us." "You cannot seriously be considering his, Arnaldo?" Itham asked incredulously, hardly able to believe that two of his fellow Elders seemed to think this was a good idea, and even Rosario seemed to be giving it consideration. He was only grateful that the reactions of the Secondary and Lower levels seemed more mixed. "I think we must," Arnaldo said, his voice sounding weary. "I know it is a difficult thing to contemplate but if they cannot raise their children to respect magic, then we must do it for them." "This would be a serious undertaking," Elmon pointed out. "Even if we decide to do this, we would have to house, feed, care for, educate and train these children. I do not think I could even consider agreeing to such a thing unless we can spare people to take personal responsibility for each of these young witches and wizards." "I agree with Elmon," Rania said. She understood why this needed to be seriously considered as an option, but she wasn't going to allow these children to be taken from their families only to end up mistreated in the Hydras City. "I am sure that could all be arranged," Vulre said, speaking up now that most of the Council seemed to be leaning towards approving the idea. "I think what we truly need to consider carefully is a long term plan. We cannot simply correct one generation, we will need to put a system in place to maintain the changes we want to see." "This could start a war," Itham protested. "We cannot take their children and expect them to sit back and do nothing." "Then we only take a few," Isevel suggested, and everyone turned to look at the Lower Council member. "Take maybe ten from each year for maybe five years. Then we raise those fifty to adulthood, until they have children of their own; then, when the time comes, we start to let them return to the wizarding world, taking our ideas with them, and we take a few more children to be mated to the children born of the previous generation." "That's a great plan," Farai said enthusiastically, glancing up at Tinasia and Arnaldo, who both looked serious but pleased with the suggestion. "A great plan?" Alais asked angrily, getting to her feet. "You are talking about stealing 50 children from their families. Itham is right, this could cause a war, and that is without even considering how morally reprehensible this is." "Alais, calm yourself," Elmon instructed firmly. He appreciated the passion that Alais showed in her work, but there was a time and a place for such displays, and in front of Arnaldo and the other Elders was not it. "Calm myself? We are talking about seriously considering kidnapping children here," Alais said, having a hard time keeping her anger under control. "Alais," Almar snapped, "your opinion is important, but there is no need for you to raise your voice. Everyone feels very strongly about this proposal, and it is not a decision that will be taken lightly. Taking children from their parents, even children that are seen as a lesser version of what we ourselves are, is a sensitive topic and one that, if agreed upon, we will do our best to make sure is handled properly," Almar promised his sister. Alais didn't seem entirely appeased, but she did at least take her seat again, and Elmon nodded gratefully at Almar, appreciating the assistance. "I believe that before this conversation continues any further, we should vote," Farai suggested, "Are we going to make plans for this, or are too many of us against this idea to even consider seeing what we could come up with?" "Yes, it would seem pointless to continue this if we can't even agree that this is the best course of action that any Council has ever come up with," Tinasia said and looked to Arnaldo, who nodded his head in agreement. "Yes, let us vote now," Arnaldo said. "Shall we see where planning will take us, or are too many of us uncomfortable with the idea of taking in children in order to save what our ancestors have created?" the Head Elder asked. "Everyone who is against proceeding?" Arnaldo looked around the table and watched as Alais raised her hand, though that was not a surprise as she had been the most vocal about her displeasure of this idea. The only other one who raised their hand was Itham. "And everyone who is for putting together this plan?" Tinasia asked, though this wasn't truly needed, as everyone else raised their hands. "Motion passes," Arnaldo stated, ignoring the death glare he was getting from Alais. "We shall at least see if this idea is feasible," Rosario said, getting a nod of agreement from Arnaldo. "Clearly we all agree that something has to be done; we have removed ourselves from the situation long enough that it has gotten out of control." Nods and mutterings of agreement sounded around the table, Rosario speaking what so many of them had on their minds. "I think that whatever we do, we must accept that it falls to us to fix how far the World of Wizards has spiralled out of control." TBC Almar: Al-Mar Elmon: El-Mon Alais: Ah-Lace Arnaldo: Ar-Nal-Doe Rania: Rah-nee-Ah Farai: Fah-Rye Cellica: Cel-i-Cah Tinasia: Tin-ah-zee-ah Vulre: Vul-lure Isevel: Iss-eh-Vel Rosario: Roe-zar-Ree-Oh Itham: Ith-am Kire: Kyer (like Spire, but with a K instead of Sp)