"What?" Hermione asked suspiciously. "I… think I'm O negative…." "You 'think'?" "I'm not sure." Draco admitted unhappily. "Well… safer than any of us…" "I don't want to!" Draco cried. "He'll die!" "I don't care!" "Malfoy I swear if he dies, I'll kill you!" Ron threatened, coming towards the blonde. Draco cringed, shaking his head slowly. "Damn it, Potter you owe me…" He muttered, pushing up his sleeve and shoving his thin arm towards Hermione, scowling as she pressed the tip of her wand against the pale flesh into the vein, murmuring a spell. Draco flinched slightly and looked away. Ron sat back down, still glaring at Draco. After a while Hermione moved the wand to Harry's vein and began transferring the blood. Draco felt faint, wondering just how dreadful Potter must be feeling. "There… oh god Malfoy I hope you're right about your blood type." Draco bit his lip, knowing he was right, he had just added the uncertainty in hopes that she would find the risk too great, considering Harry's body would reject it and he would die within seconds if Draco had the wrong blood type. But instead of dying, a little bit of color returned to his face and he seemed a bit more aware. "Harry, how are you feeling?" Hermione murmured. He merely stared at her. "Harry, can you hear me?" "Huh yeh…" He murmured, blinking and moving his head back and forth slowly, his eyelids looking heavy. "Harry, you need to stay awake, okay? How many fingers am I holding?" "Blimey, Granger, his glasses are broken, he can't see without them, can he?" "Oh what do you know, Malfoy?" Ron spat. "No, he's right." Hermione murmured, dropping her hand, feeling silly. "Harry, can you hear me?" "Mm. Uh-huh." He slurred in reply, struggling to keep his eyes open for more than a half second at a time. "If you feel as bad as you look, Potter, then it's like hell." Draco murmured and Harry's eyes flashed open again, locking on Malfoy a moment before his lids became heavy once more. "Well, at least he's aware, he should start waking up a bit more here soon." Hermione murmured, moving back to check on Ginny. They had to keep an eye on her, make sure she didn't start acting strange. If she did, there was a chance she had a concussion. "We need to find food." Ron murmured, feeling his stomach cramp up. "We need to find shelter first." Hermione interjected. "A common misconception about living in the wild that often leads people to their deaths. They think they need to find food first, but they actually need to find water and shelter, and by shelter, I mean a place to sleep." "What's wrong with here?" Ron cried. "Honestly, Ron, this piece of rock? It's too exposed, we don't know what's out there, it's too dangerous to stay here." "Can Potter be moved yet though?" Draco interrupted. Hermione cast her friend a critical eye. "I don't know. Would you be able to carry him again?" Grumbling, Draco nodded, glaring at Ron who had to carry his sister and Neville whose arm bone was still healing from that wicked snap. It was ridiculous to even consider Hermione. Which left him to have to carry Potter's sorry arse. Lucky him. "We need to stay away from the castle, as far away as possible." Hermione was saying, packing up the few possessions they had with them. "Why? Wouldn't it be safer to stay closer?" Neville murmured. "No, she's right." Draco murmured, looking Hermione in the eye. "Scavengers?" He guessed quietly. She stared at him, biting her lip, then nodded, looking away. Such a gruesome thought. "Come on then." She murmured, leading the way. Draco took up Harry, who was only half-awake, and Ron took his sister, who woke up briefly enough to slur that she was hungry before falling back to sleep. Hermione led the way, Ron just behind her, Draco behind him and Neville taking up the rear. "Where do you suppose we should shelter, then Hermione?" Ron asked in his mocking 'must you know everything' tone. Hermione glanced back at them, biting her lip. "I don't know." She replied quietly. "How about the shrieking shack?" Draco suggested, panting. "Brilliant!" Hermione cried, eyes turning to the old building. Not ideally safe, but it would provide enough shelter for the night. The teens altered their course slightly and fifteen minutes and a lot of complaining later, they had arrived at their destination. "Here we are." Hermione murmured, carefully pushing open the door, which creaked loudly. "Spooky." Ron murmured, entering first. "Oh shit, I forgot about him." "Forgot about who-" Draco set Harry down and turned, stopped, eyes catching the dead form of Severus Snape, covered in blood and lying where the trio had left him. Draco's eyes misted up and he quickly turned away, fighting down new unknown emotions. He wasn't sure how to explain the odd relationship between him and the potions master… they'd always been friendly, but not exactly 'friends'. It wasn't until the sixth year that Draco had begun resenting the man for trying to help him. He saved my life, more than once. Draco thought with a start, biting his knuckle as he glanced back over at his professor's bloody body. "I'm sorry…" Hermione murmured, feeling she should say more but not knowing quite what. So much death… Draco shook his head, moving over to the far side of the room to sit in the corner, drawing his knees to his chest and hiding his face. Ron set down his sister beside Harry, who was going in and out of consciousness. Hermione moved over to Harry. "Take deep breaths, Harry, deep breaths." She held Harry's face and kept his eyes locked on her. He seemed to have trouble focusing, but for the most part, kept eye contact. Hermione sighed wearily. They had a rough road ahead of them. AN: Whatya think? Please review, my friends. :)