shoulder. "You'll survive today, just like you did last year, and the year before that," Draco smiled, resting his hand on Harry's head. "And this will be the last year," Harry said with a small smile. "That thought alone will help me make it through tonight's party." Harry pulled back from Draco just enough to lean up and give the blond man a kiss. -x Despite Draco's insistence that they were going to be late for lunch with Narcissa, they were still an hour early, much to the amusement of Blaise, who enjoyed teasing Draco about how punctual the blond was. "It is always best to be early, rather than late," Draco said as he leaned back in his chair. "Besides, if I wasn't so insistent that we be on time for everything, between the two of you, we would never get anywhere," he added, giving Harry a look as the smaller man was unable to hold back his laughter. "Hey! Don't bring me into this," Harry said, holding his hands up. "I think that you're both right, of course," Harry said with a smile. "I think you could learn to loosen up a little bit, Draco, but I also know that if you didn't make us get moving this morning, I would probably still be hiding under the blankets," Harry said with a grin. "I believe that you each bring something to your relationship," Narcissa said, setting down her cup of tea. "I can not express how proud I am of the three of you," she said, looking at each boy in turn. Harry was practically beaming at her from the praise given, and Narcissa smiled back at him. Lunch was served, and Harry let the conversation continue around him as he filled his plate. Much like he had done that morning, he made quick work of the food there, before helping himself to seconds. "Maybe you should slow down a little bit," Blaise whispered as he leaned in close to Harry. "Wouldn't want you to outgrow your new robes too quickly, unless you really want to go on another shopping spree with Draco?" Blaise chuckled. Harry narrowed his eyes at Blaise, his temper rising far quicker than it had in a long time. "I'm not going to get fat from having a second helping! I'm hungry, and in case you forgot I didn't eat much yesterday because I wasn't feeling good!" Harry huffed. Draco and Narcissa blinked at Harry's sudden outburst, the former feeling the swell of Harry's temper through their bond. Neither of them had heard what Blaise had said to the smaller man and were rather taken aback by Harry's reaction. "I never said you were getting fat," Blaise pointed out with a frown, "I just suggested that you might want to slow down a little." "You said I was going to outgrow my new robes to quickly." Harry pushed his plate away, not really hungry any more with his anger burning under his skin. "Harry, it was a joke," Blaise said, reaching out to brush his hand through Harry's hair, only to have his hand smacked away. "Harry," Blaise sighed, reaching out again to touch his smaller boyfriend. "Don't touch me!" Harry snapped. "I won't, if you calm down a little bit," Blaise said, worried that Harry's magic could get out of hand if Harry couldn't get a hold on his anger. "No, I want to be angry right now," Harry said and he stood up from the table. he took a moment to look at Narcissa. "Please excuse me," he said politely as he could manage before he stormed out of the dining room. "What was that about?" Draco asked with a frown as they watched Harry go, still feeling his boyfriend's anger through their bond, though it was mixed with sadness too. "That's the second time today that Harry has snapped at you," he pointed out. "I'm not sure," Blaise said, looking concerned. "Maybe he is just stressed about tonight?" he suggested hopefully. "Okay, but that doesn't account for the whole last month," Draco pointed out looking thoughtful. "And I get the feeling that there is something else bothering him," Draco said with a small sigh. Narcissa sat quietly in her seat watching as Blaise and Draco discussed what they should do, it was not her place to interfere with their relationship, which in some ways was still growing. Though she could not be happier for her son, and the relationship he had with Blaise and Harry, she also felt a little sad for the three boys, who had been bonded at such a young age. In some ways they were closer to one another than any other people she knew, though at the same time, they had never truly had the chance to get to know one another. "Mother, I am sorry for cutting our visit short," Draco said, Narcissa smiled at him, nodding her head in understanding. "Go see to Harry," Narcissa said, standing to give her son a hug. "If there is anything I can do, please let me know," she said, before turning to give Blasie a hug as well. "Thank you, Mrs. Malfoy," Blaise smiled, returning the hug, before he hurried out of the dining room. Draco also thanked his mother, before following Blaise out. He wasn't worried that Harry was in danger, but he could feel his lover through their bond, and Harry was clearly very upset. TBC Well, I did it. I didn't think I would, I certainly had no official plans to continue this story. The first one left off in such a nice place and I thought that was the end. My muse and the plot bunnies thought otherwise, apparently there were a few loose ends that needed to be tied up which has spawned this sequel. I truly hope that everyone loves it as much as they did Unwanted Bonds! I do hope this one doesn't take me three years to finish though.