'George' 'Weasley', and 10 EXP! Do you accept, or do you wish to do this without the extra pressure? Ron was relieved, honestly. See, he knew exactly where Charlie's old wand was kept – and, thankfully, knew where to hide it. "I accept the extra challenge" Ron replied. Quest Accepted. Quest Journal unlocked! Class Schedule unlocked! Job List unlocked! There are three ways you can access these. From your base, there will be a book that holds them; from your Portable Inventory [currently lvl 1; muggle pockets] or from the main menu. The main menu one is locked during Story Mode – after accessing the Hogwarts instance. There are three instances prior; The Burrow, Diagon Alley and Kings Cross Station. You may spend as much time as you wish in those areas; that is the tutorial. When you move to Hogwarts, that is the end of your tutorial. Ron nodded. The way it tells me this stuff seems random, but I'll take it. The alert closed. The world bled back to colour and the twins gained shared evil grins. "You have 24 hours; starting now, little brother." Fred told him. "But rest first; after all, if mum catches you out of bed, you're done for." Ron grimaced. Talk about dropping him in the deep end! The twins left the room. 'Pause', Ron thought, and grinned to himself when the world bled to grey and time stopped around him. "Brilliant." Least I don't have to look crazy whenever I call up a menu, eh? Ron thought to himself, chuckling. Bloody useful, that . Ron blinked, as this was the first time he'd gotten a proper look at the in-game main menu. There were a few more options; including the options menu, character sheet, inventory, save, load, and, ominously enough, quit. Grimacing, Ron ignored 'quit', and figured he didn't need to look in options, or load, but figured a save would be a good idea. "Save" He called out. Game saved in slot one; Ron Weasley; The Burrow. Tutorial. Lvl. 0. Ron nodded, then closed that menu. Dismissing the main menu, Ron got up and stretched, then looked around his room. It looked pretty much the same as always; which was a little embarrassing that he'd never changed his childhood room, even when he was a teenager. Shrugging, Ron riffled through his stuff to see if he could find anything useful. Looting Mode; Activated. When this is activated, containers containing valuables, or quest items, glow gold. Items of note that are not in containers glow silver. Dangerous items glow bronze, and quest items glow platinum. Good luck seeing the difference. Simply Magic items glow purple, and Muggle items glow orange. Good? Good. The message dissipated when he'd just about finished reading it. Before he could become annoyed, he looked around and was surprised at the amount of gold and silver in his room. Checking through the gold containers first, he found some things he knew he didn't own. +14 knuts! +2 sickles! +3 knuts! +4 galleons! Incredibly surprised at the last one, he noticed the messages appearing in the top left of his vision. Luck roll granted! Boost to loot gained! Luck roll granted! Boost to loot gained! Luck roll failed! Boost to loot declined! Luck roll granted! Major Boost to loot granted! Ron grinned. This is bloody brilliant! I'm certainly going to take advantage of this! Ron felt almost giddy, before calming down. "Well." He mused to himself. "So long as it's not stealing." (It's not like there'd be many containers he can just take from like this. But to start of a fair few gallons richer than before? Not bad, not bad at all.) Ron went back to looting. He didn't gain much more aside from money, but that was more than he'd had before so Ron was happy enough. Raiding his closet netted him 'equipment'. Ron opened his inventory. Inventory. In your inventory, is where you will find the items you are carrying, and what you have equipped. Currently, you have two slots – one for the pocket in your robe, the other the pocket in your trousers. Different items gain you inventory slots – from basic muggle pockets, all the way to Hermione's Experimental Bead Purse; which has an infinite amount of space. Currently carrying ½ slots; Wizarding Currency; 6 galleons, 3 sickles, and 15 knuts. None. Currently equipped: Sleeping Robe – Wizards dress weirdly, don't they? +10 to HP per hour slept. +1 to carrying capacity. Sleeping Trousers – Why do these have a pocket? Christ, I'll never get you people. +1 to carrying capacity. Found in Room: Hand-me-down robe – bit short around the ankles, bit tight around the waist. Fraying at the seams. -1 to Att. (if above age = 14), -1 to Chr. +2 carrying capacity. Ratty trainers – these have been dragged through the mud one too many times for a reparo to fix them easy. -4% to walking/running speed, removes sprint. Normal trousers – the only good pair you own. No bonuses. Ron grimaced, and put them on. He noticed the timer in the top right go down by a few minutes. As in all Strategy games, actions and choices take turns. In this case 'turns' are 'time'. During battle, that is different; but we're not there quite yet, Mr. Weasley. Ron sighed. Finally ready, Ron went to exit his room. Do you want to leave the Base and start the day? [you have; 1 quest; 1 class (unavailable). If you're caught; you will be sent back to base, and loose an hour. Ready?] Ron took a deep breath. "Ready." Good. The door opened, and his eyes were hit with a blinding, bright light. Notes: I had major inspiration, then ran out. This is what i wrote instead of what i said i'd write, because it wouldn't leave me alone. I may not continue, but I'll try my best. (ugh, why do I put so much work on my plate ffs Cesca-)