her instantaneously, as he followed it up with a rapid fire 'Incarcerous'. "Protego," She snapped twice creating invisible shields which repelled both attacks completely. When the spells struck against her barriers they transformed into twin explosions of brilliant, white sparks. After that the young witch was forced to move further into the room when the door grew arms which tried to grab ahold of her. A pattern quickly developed after that with the intruder trying to incapacitate her, and Coco using the biggest, loudest spells possible in hopes of drawing attention to her predicament. "Astilla," She eventually cried several minutes into the battle causing the table which had once held her missing purse to explode down to the last splinter of wood. He simply blasted all of the debris in her direction with a Wind Charm prompting Coco to incinerate it all to ashes. Several more minutes passed the duelling pair by. In Hogwarts Coquelicot Potter had, among many other achievements, been the European junior duelling champion, yet that title proved to be worth nothing. Whoever was impersonating Craig seemed to have four times her experience in real life battle, and it showed. His only wounds were a bloody gash across the shoulder, torn clothing, and somewhat singed hair. Coco was barely capable of standing with her horribly burnt calves, various cuts from falling on broken tile, as well as a bleeding wound across her abdomen inflicted by Dark Magic. Every piece of furniture in the Time Chamber had been blown to thousands of bits and pieces. Only the box of time turners remained intact due to the powerful charms which protected them. "Expulso," She bellowed causing the ceiling to rattle as the shiny tile rained down from above on her opponent. Then the flapper wasted no time firing a series of stunners, jinxes, and hexes at him without any pause. Her actions came to an abrupt stop when help finally arrived. Four security wizards stumbled into the room with their wands outstretched, clearly surprised to see a department head blocking such vicious blows from an Unspeakable. Exasperated Coco pointed at 'Craig' whilst shouting, "IMPOSTER," At the top her lungs. In response her loathsome bosses' face melted away into pure blackness as her attacker transformed into a three-dimensional shadow. The security wizards along with Coco started to throw whatever spell popped into their heads at the foul aberration. With the first flash of light, however, its entire essence of being corkscrewed right down to the floor until only a snake was left in its stead. Her comrades ceased all magic in confusion though Coco recognized precisely what had taken place, and continued her assault. Not only could this stranger shift its shape, but to make matters worse it was a Animagus as well. All of her efforts proved to be for naught when the serpent grew rapidly back into a shadow once again. Without pause it used a Hurling Hex to send her flying backwards into the broken wall. What followed after was almost too horrible to put into words, as she witnessed the darkest display of magic imaginable. The surprised security wizards barely even managed to lift their wands again when a spell of epic proportions was cast in their direction. Yellow light raced from the shadow's wand to hit the floor beneath their feet. A cloud of purple smoke rose from the hissing spot to just above their terrified faces while screams began to fill the ozone-scented air. An explosion rocked the whole room right before approximately twenty quarts of blood splattered all across the room. In the aftermath of such stupendous brutality Coco was incapable of moving. Her hazel eyes moved around in her skull watching as the shadow disarmed and bound her with a single flick of its wand. She watched as it levitated her fallen pocket watch into the air. Heat was summoned, so powerful that even being a few feet away left her feeling somewhat like a marshmallow. Coco knew as the shadow moved its wand that it was inscribing additional ruins into the time turner. Then finally all movements stopped. The monster taking a moment to summon her purse and wand prior to stepping through the mounds of silvery tile towards her broken body. Tears rolled down her cheeks when it tied the golden chain of the time turner tightly to her wrist. Coco's wand was stuffed carefully into her purse which was slung across her immobilized torso. Deliberate fingers started to manipulate the pocket watches' astronomical clock while the shadow began to recite in a raspy, indistinguishable voice. " The Poppy of House Potter blooms with life… A dark stranger shall turn her greatest achievement to meddlesome strife… Time will change all. With a tumble the Poppy will reshape the Girl-Who-Lived in mind, body, and soul…" Nearly half of the prophecy clicked into place as Coquelicot Potter felt a mighty tug on her wrist. The spell disappeared as the most ancient sort of magic swallowed her into a hazy abyss. She didn't scream, but not for a lack of trying. Whatever force was spinning her like a coin through time itself had sucked all the air from her body. After what felt like hours Coco was slammed to the floor of a very familiar room. The Time Chamber. Though the furniture looked vastly different it seemed as though there had never been a battle. Stumbling to both feet the woman shakily retrieved her wand then set about healing all of her wounds. After that task was completed Coco flicked her wand until every last inch of her outfit down to the heels was repaired. With a sense of dread she glanced at a calendar on the wall whilst untying the pocket watch from her wrist. All movements came to a very sudden halt. Whatever runes the shadow had incorporated into her time turner went well beyond a half-hour. Coquelicot had been trapped in June of 1987. OOOO Next Chapter: Far From Gimlet.