that had begun to join in on their kissing. As Daphne pulled away, Harry caught another momentary glimpse of the girl's cleavage. Harry turned on his heels, swinging the girl around placing her down on the rim of the cauldron. He pulled his hands out from beneath her, and like another other bloke would do, went to the second best part of a woman's body. "Oh my god," she moaned, coming up for air. Daphne's hands released Harry and disappeared behind her back, pulling off her black cloak. Her white shirt suddenly seemed a lot tighter than it did earlier, as if begging to be pulled off. Their kiss grew in intensity, if possible. "WHAT ON EARTH IS GOING ON HERE?!" Before the two had time to react, Snape grabbed Harry by his shoulders and tore him viciously from his student. Frightened, dazed and confused, Harry fell to the floor as all feelings of lust and excitement vanished. He looked up at the Slytherin and his potions master. Daphne was still on the cauldron, legs open from where she had been pulling him close. Snape looked between the two, opening and closing his mouth like a gold fish. In any other situation, seeing him in this state would have been hilarious. He looked like he'd caught two students committing a murder. Maybe in some way, they had done. The reality of what the two had just done hit them, and their looks of shock were replaced with terror and guilt. "I… Potter ! Greengrass ! Dormitories, now ! Get out of my classroom!" Snape yelled. They didn't have to be told twice. Daphne redressed herself and ran for the door, Harry right behind her. The two left the potion's classroom, and didn't even acknowledge each other as they ran quickly in opposite directions. Daphne, deeper into the dungeons, Harry, up to Gryffindor tower. He didn't stop running until he reached the seventh floor. With each step towards the Fat Lady, reality became heavier and heavier on his shoulders. He couldn't begin to describe how he felt. Disgusted. Validated. A traitor. Ashamed. A cheat. He was a cheat. He'd cheated on Ginny. With Daphne Greengrass . The Fat Lady noticed him as he climbed the stairs. "Password?" "What?" he asked, not paying attention. "Password?" she repeated. Harry shook his head. "Sorry, Aspin," he answered. "Granted." The door swung open. Harry took off running again, straight into the three people he really didn't need to see at this time. Hermione and Ron were sat on the sofa, with Ginny perched on the arm beside them. They appeared to be deep in conversation. It didn't take them long to notice they weren't alone. "Harry, whatever's the matter?" Hermione asked, clearly noticing Harry's state. " Nothing! " He began to shout, but caught himself. He took a breath. "Just… tired." "You sure mate? Look like you've seen a ghost," Ron said, standing up. "That's a pretty silly expression when you think about it," Ginny smiled. Harry laughed nervously. "Yeah well, you know what that greasy git is like, doesn't know where to stop." His friends looked at him as though he'd spoken to them in a different language. "Harry are you okay?" Hermione asked. Harry shrugged her off, trying to play it cool. "I'm fine, just tired. I'm gonna turn in early." Before the group had time to react, Harry pushed past Ron and ran up to the boy's dormitory. He crossed the dorm in four large steps and collapsed his face first into his pillow. His thoughts from earlier continued to echo in his head. He was a cheat. A cheater. He had cheated on his girlfriend. He'd cheated on his best friend's sister. With Daphne Greengrass . He couldn't control himself. It was just like something had taken over him. One minute they were arguing, the next minute… If Snape hadn't had interrupted them, Harry had no doubt they'd have gone all the way. In that moment he had wanted nothing more than her, all of her. He didn't know what had come over him. He was a teenage boy, he had urges, but never had anything like this happened before. The worse part was it felt so right . It was a trance, like he was drunk on her. The world and its rules had melted away and all he wanted in that moment was her. But that feeling had worn off the second Snape had interrupted them, and now he did have to deal with the consequences. He rolled over and stared at his ceiling. He'd cheated on Ginny. True it was only a kiss… and a grope. It didn't mean anything, but that didn't change the situation. He'd betrayed her trust. He didn't know how he did it, or why, but he couldn't take it back. This was going to break her. How the hell was he going to tell her? Could he even tell her? If he did, no doubt it would be the end for them. And then what about Ron? Harry doubted he'd stay friends with the guy who broke his sister's heart. And if Ron and Ginny left him, Hermione would follow. He could lose everything because of this. Really adding insult to injury was that she was a Slytherin. That was just pouring salt into the wound. Harry sighed, holding in his emotions. He couldn't tell her. He could never tell her. He'd have to take this to his grave. It was over now. It didn't mean anything. Their relationship hadn't changed, he still felt the same way towards Ginny he always had. What she didn't know wouldn't hurt her, right? Harry's heart sank as the realization of what he'd just thought dawned on him. On the bright side, he didn't ever have to see or speak to Daphne Greengrass again. He could move past this and forget. He then groaned out aloud as he remembered this detention wasn't just a one time thing.