to you?" "Like…the cat thing that came with the ring box?" "Probably." "He doesn't talk, as far as I can tell." "What? How useless." James dove into a somersault to avoid a book. "You're telling me." "You were able to transform, though—how did you get your kwami into your Miraculous without saying the right phrase?" "He just kinda went into the ring, and then the suit showed up, and I booked it here." "First off, a pun at this time? Really?" She wrapped her yo-yo around a book to yank it away before it could smash into James's face. "Second, aren't you worried about any of this? You seem to be taking it all in stride, considering you had no explanation." He'd been given a fucking supersuit and was battling an evil villain—what was there to complain about or question? James waggled his eyebrows, and felt his cat ears twitch in time with them. "I'm just that good." To his great pride, he was able to prove he was just that good by helping Ladybug snap the highlighter in Silvia's hand. James distracted Silvia by running around, leading her up to the roof, and knocking books out of the air with his staff. Ladybug had to explain to James how to use Cataclysm—"You only get one shot to destroy something"—and why she had to purify the dark moth. "Otherwise it'll multiply," she said. "We can't just let it go." With James as the distraction, Ladybug got the sneak on Silvia, tied her up with her yo-yo, and snatched the highlighter. James watched, fascinated, as her yo-yo removed the weird black glow from the moth akuma. It was impressive, but not as impressive as when Ladybug tossed the squirt gun she'd conjured with Lucky Charm up in the air, sending out that magic pink light to fix everything back to normal. Damn. She had much cooler powers than him. Still. James couldn't complain. He could destroy anything . His ring beeped, like it had twice already, and he watched one of the green paw prints flicker away. First it gave him powers, but now it seemed set on annoying him. Silvia picked herself off the ground, pressing one hand to her forehead. "What happened?" James placed a steady hand on her shoulder. "We could ask you the same." "The librarian banned me because I'd highlighted too many books." Silvia sniffled, running her cardigan sleeve over her nose. "I ran to the bathroom so no one would see me cry…but this black moth showed up and disappeared into my highlighter, and then there was a voice in my head, and he said he'd help me get revenge if I helped him get the Miraculouses…and then I don't remember." "It's, er, all right," James said, shooting Ladybug a desperate look. "It's not your fault," Ladybug said. "Someone's misusing the Miraculous that gives other people superpowers. Anyone who feels negative emotions is susceptible to his akumas." "Wait, that's what happened?" James said. "Finally," she said, "he shows some curiosity—" A flurry of dark moths swarmed in front of them, creating an enormous, fluttering face. Silvia shrieked and ran for the rooftop door, but James and Ladybug reached for their weapons. "I am Voldemort," the face said. "I will have the Ladybug and Cat Miraculouses. Until they're in my possession, London will not see peace." Ladybug shot her yo-yo into the face, which made James laugh, and snatched all the darkness out of the moths. They fluttered into the city around them, floating into the crowds and reporters that had gathered around the school, while James and Ladybug high-fived each other. "Well," James said, his blood thrumming with adrenaline and glee and satisfaction, "I don't think London could ask for better superheroes, Ladybug." "You're not short on confidence at all, are you?" He flexed his arms. "Why should I be? Chat Noir's a pretty great superhero. He's got a lot to be proud of. I don't know if you know this, but he beat a villain today." "With help from Ladybug!" "Oh, my lady, I didn't mean to offend." He swept into a bow. "Chat Noir would clearly be nothing without the quick thinking and unparalleled agility from the lovely Ladybug." Her mouth slid into a smirk. "Well, I've got a suggestion for us, if that's how you feel—" "I paws-itively do feel that way." That exasperated look she brought out was—endearing. Charming. He wouldn't have minded inspiring it more often. And, really, she was very fit, now that he had a moment to notice… "And he does puns," she said. "I knew there had to be something wrong with him." "Aw, you know I'm meow-gnificent. So meow-gnificent that I think we should go tell those reporters exactly who we are and how great we're going to be at defending London." She frowned. "You want to go show off for them?" "We're bloody superheroes! They'll want to talk to us, yeah? Get our picture in the paper and on the news." "You've got a couple minutes left as Chat Noir, and you don't want to spend them with me?" "Wait, what?" "When you're out of pawprints, you're out of time. We have five minutes after using our special powers before the suit wears off. Hence the beeps?" "Shit. I've only got two pawprints left!" "Sorry to see you go, but I've got to run before we both turn into pumpkins. Not much point in a secret identity if you unmask yourself in front of the cameras." James gave the reporters below a lingering look, then reached for his staff. "Guess my big debut will have to wait." She pulled her hand back, preparing to launch her yo-yo. "Until next time, Chat Noir." James swept into a bow. "My lady." She groaned, but James smiled, a small one to himself. He was probably fooling himself that she turned a little pink. He was probably just desperate for a pretty girl to like him. But maybe not.