in front of the fireplace. "At least we're stocked up on marshmallows," he commented, with a quick side-glance and a wry half-smile at Lily. Lily swallowed, unnerved by both James' sudden proximity, and her private sneaking suspicion that she was somehow prejudiced against him. She hurriedly got out of her chair. "I'll put the kettle on," she offered for an excuse before escaping to the opposite side of the room. The familiar routine of preparing two mug of tea gave Lily a brief respite from the mounting awkwardness. But all too soon, she had to leave the safety of the kitchenette, and hand James his mug. He accepted it from her with quiet thanks, sitting down on the hearthside rug. Flames now crackled in the fireplace and Lily retook her seat. James was being unusually silent. Lily cradled her mug and wanted to say something, anything , so they wouldn't lapse back into that uncomfortable, stifling silence from earlier, but the best her scrambling brain could manage was: "Nice fire." Great. That didn't sound idiotic at all. James turned to her with a wan, lopsided smile. "Thanks. The tea's nice too." "Mmh," Lily agreed, feeling self-conscious. "Figures we'd get stuck in the cabin without the TV and the game console," James snorted. "There's plenty of books in your father's study." James made a face. "I'm on a break from uni, I don't need any more academic reading to ruin my holiday." "True," Lily murmured, staring down at her tea. "What do you think," James asked, glancing at her, "should we roast some marshmallows to pass the time?" "Sure, why not." Lily's gaze followed him as he walked into the kitchenette. Watching him rummage through the cupboards, it finally hit her. She didn't like that he was rich. In reality, as she was starting to see, James was very down-to-Earth, but because of that unfortunate first impression, because he had disdained her former friend, and because she knew he was well-off, her hackles had risen. What in another person might've been simply confidence, in James she construed as arrogance. Honestly, Sirius was of a fancier pedigree – but his family status wasn't an issue as he'd run away from them and had promptly been disinherited. But James – he was wealthy and he wasn't ashamed of it and that had got Lily in the defensive. She jolted out her thoughts and noticed James was looking at her, his eyebrow raised. "What is it, do I have something on my face?" James asked. "No. Just… Sorry," Lily blurted, a blush threatening to flood her cheeks. "No harm done, I've been stared at before," James replied and walked back over to the fireplace. Lily squirmed. "No, it's not that I just… felt that I owe you an apology. For being such a bitch. Sorry." James blinked. "Thanks, I guess… But it takes two people to argue, and I've deliberately riled you up a lot so half the fault's mine." Lily looked up at him, surprised. "I'm sorry for giving you a hard time," he said, running his hand through his hair. "It was immature and stupid and not really the right way to go about to get your attention." It was Lily's turn to blink. "My… attention?" James studiously stared at the rug, as a flush slowly crept to his cheeks. He didn't offer a reply, but that reaction was answer enough. Oh ,Lily thought. She tilted her head, and looked at James Potter as if she'd never seen him before. It couldn't be that he fancied her? But there he stood, still avoiding her eyes and still blushing. Wow , Lily thought, letting that tidbit sink in. While Lily sat there dumbly, struggling to readjust everything she knew about James Potter, James sat down before the fireplace and busied himself with the bag of marshmallows. Lily slanted him a contemplating look, then made her mind. Cradling the tea mug in her hand, she left the safety of her armchair and took a seat on the floor, next to James. His shoulders stiffened and he still avoided looking at her, adding a fresh log to feed the dancing flames. Staring at the fire, Lily spoke softly. "I accept your apology – as long as you forgive me in return." James looked up; their eyes met at last. "I already have," he replied, his voice equally soft. Sirius was having a very pleasant dream when he was rudely shaken awake. He glared at Remus. "What's the password?" Remus asked, completely unconcerned by Sirius' grumpiness. "What?" Sirius asked, now both annoyed and confused. Remus jerked his head towards Dorcas and Marlene, and Sirius realised they were hovering by his laptop, staring helplessly at the lock screen. Sirius got up with a grunt and walked over to them. He dropped to the chair before the computer and typed in his password. "We fell asleep," Marlene said, biting her lip. " All of us. And it's still snowing." "We just want to check on them, to see if they're okay," Dorcas added, wringing her hands. Now fully awake, Sirius quickly brought up the live feed of his hidden camera. The window popped up, it's picture dark and grainy. The four of them squinted at it, trying to make sense of what they saw. Then Dorcas swore. "I knew it, I knew they'd be at each other's throats." "Maybe it's time to run interference," Marlene offered hesitantly. Sirius blinked at the video, then gagged. Remus started to laugh. "Nah, I don't think we should interrupt them right now. They're not fighting, quite the opposite." He levelled Marlene with a wry glance. "Seems like your plan has worked out too well." Marlene blanched, then blushed. "For the love of god turn it off, I don't want to see that !" Dorcas didn't always see eye to eye with Marlene, but this time she couldn't agree more. Sirius closed the window, leaving James and Lily to their own devices. End.