his lap where the baby was sleeping. He had to hold back a smile at the sight of Sirius incredulous face. The man had almost literally his jaw on the floor and his eyes were wide and round of surprise. "I-Is that my goddaughter sleeping with N-Nagini?" he stuttered in disbelief. Nagini hated everyone, everyone , besides Lord Slytherin and a few selected people, barely enough to count with both hands. But somehow the snake had taken a liking towards Lily…weird… and creepy "Yes, she is Nagini feels attached to her, unlike to you." He snorted at the memory of the time when Nagini had tried to strangle Black after being the victim of one of his pranks. Sirius shivered. That snake brought no good memories. "Your goddaughter can speak Parseltongue, barely a few words taking her age in consideration, but that is not what I wanted to talk about," he started, dismissing the Parseltongue subject with a wave of his hand. Riddle leaned over his desk "I wanted to talk about Ms. Potter's guardianship." "Wait, Parseltongue?" Sirius eyebrows raising almost to his hairline "What? That's impossible!" Riddle snapped his fingers in order to catch Sirius attention and succeeding "Focus, Black, the guardianship is much more important now," he said with an exasperated tone "Dumbledore is going to send your precious goddaughter to the Dursleys." "What? He would never do that!" Sirius exclaimed. Dumbledore was like a grandfather to Lily and James, he wouldn't send their only daughter away, wouldn't he? "I trust him." The Professor was fighting the urge to roll his eyes "Of course you do," the DADA teacher replied, wandlessly summoning some papers, which fell neatly on the desk "Now, sign here." "Dumbledore would not send Lily to that bitch's house." "If you say so, but," Riddle started, smiling maliciously "are you willing to take the risk?" Black opened and closed his mouth two times, and then he shook his head. No, he wouldn't risk it "Do you have a quill?" Riddle summoned a quill and passed it to Black "Sign here, and here, good," he directed Sirius with his wand "Now I need you to put your full name here and a drop of blood there." Sirius did as indicated and the moment he finished, the papers started to glow and disappeared. A second later a few gold letter appeared, forming the word "Accepted". The younger man looked expectantly at Riddle, who offered him a small smile "Congratulations, Black. You are now officially the brat's guardian." Said man was about to return the smile, ask for his kid and then leave but decided to throw a look of distrust at Riddle, "Why did you do this? What do you want?" he asked "I know you enough to tell that you are after something." "My, my, Black. Your words wound me." Riddle said sarcastically, but then his smile vanished and his expression turned serious "I will not let any magical child to live with filthy muggles if there's anything that I can do, and yes, Black, Dumbledore was really going to send her there. Believe it or not, your muggleborn friend made a blood ritual to protect the girl. A very dark ritual; and that's why she lived, I can feel the power of her the wards on her blood, they are very powerful, but they need to be recharged. Her aunt and cousin have the same blood, the same protection and the brat needs to spend some time with the muggles for these wards to be recharged." "However," Sirius continued "we can provide her more powerful wards. Can we not?" Sirius asked locking his eyes with Riddle, who nodded "What do you want in return?" he repeated, this time with a more exasperated tone "I'm fucking sure you wouldn't do this for nothing." "Sharp as ever, Mr. Black." "Spit it out." "I want you to let me train her, including at least the basics of dark arts" he offered, his left hand softly ruffing the baby's jet black hair "then and only then I'll let you and the brat to live at my manor" "The training I can understand. About the dark arts, hell, I have learnt them form my family and I can't deny they are very useful," Sirius shifted on his seat to a more comfortable position "but I cannot understand why do you want us to live with you?" "I'll only return to the manor during the summer breaks. The rest of the year I'll be teaching on Hogwarts, as you know," Riddle explained "my manor has very powerful wards, even stronger than the Black's wards, only being Hogwarts and Gringots superior to them. There, the girl can be safe with no need to spend time with useless muggles ," he stressed the word with disgust. Sirius didn't seemed very convinced "She has to be trained, Black" he added "She has to be prepared when he comes after her for revenge and believe me, I have no doubts that he will" "Voldemort?" "Exactly" "But, he died didn't he?" Sirius asked "Lily defeated him!" "Voldemort was defeated, but that does not mean he is dead, just weak and-" Riddle stopped in mid-sentence and scowled "We don't have any more time, Dumbledore is here," he ordered his snake to move and handed the girl to Sirius. He levitated his snake until it fell on Sirius shoulders who gave him a terrified look "Take her with you, she's a portkey that will take you to the manor and don't worry about returning her. She'll protect Potter if necessary until I return. Now go, I'll explain everything to him. GO!" The snake started glowing, and they disappeared. The last thing Tom saw were those beautiful green eyes, looking at his very own soul. The door opened at once and Dumbledore stepped in. "Good evening, Professor Dumbledore" he greeted the white haired man with a dark smile. No. He won't let Dumbledore have her. She was his .