He had realized long ago just how much danger he got into all the time. "Well…" Hermione swallowed hard. "We had a lot of luck, I suppose," she said weakly. It was a subdued trio that returned to Gryffindor Tower that evening. OoOoO "Fellow students, dear teachers, ghosts, and caretakers," Harry nodded to Filch from where he stood at the head of the hall. "As you may have heard, today was my last day at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." A low buzzing filled the hall briefly, all eyes still on him as most of the students found out that the rumors were true. Harry wondered who had leaked the information – he had only told his friends in the DA, and they weren't the types to gossip about him. Deciding it was probably one of the teachers, but that it didn't really matter anyway, he began his leaving speech. "I started entertaining the thought of leaving this school when I heard that Voldemort was dead, and soon decided that I would prefer to engage private tutors rather than stay. This school is wonderful, but I think we can all agree that I've never enjoyed a regular school experience, and I'd really like some peace and quiet for a while – and some privacy. I'll be leaving to study for my N.E.W.T.s on my own, with help from private tutors, and while I don't plan on completely disappearing I'll be focusing on my studies." Smiling, he turned slightly to look at the teachers at the head table. "I do want to thank the professors for my education so far, though – I've learned so much here, and I think that's something that really needs to be acknowledged personally." With that he went down the line of professors, shaking each person's hand and speaking a few words of thanks to each. Halfway down he said a few sincere words to Professor Dumbledore before moving on to Professor McGonagall, thanking her as both Transfiguration teacher and Head of House. The last in line was Snape, and Harry just as readily gave him his hand – which the man accepted warily – and gave him just as sincere thanks as he had the other teachers. The two would never like each other, but Harry refused to be petty and skip over the man, no matter how much misery the greasy professor had given him over the years. Moving back to the podium, Harry addressed his fellow students once more. "I also want to thank all of you for being part of my school experience in one way or another, whether as friends, Quidditch mates, study partners," everyone knew he meant the DA with that, "House mates, or even just members of the same institution. I hope you all enjoy the rest of the year!" It felt like a rather weak finish, but it got him the round of applause he wanted and Harry stepped away from the podium with a smile and a bow. Back at Gryffindor table he got some good-natured ribbing and yelled questions, but everyone quieted down when Dumbledore rose from his seat. "As you all just heard, today we are losing one of our own. However, despite the sadness of parting, there is the joy of parting on such a high note. A great wrong has been righted in the world, and it leaves new possibilities open – possibilities that one of our Gryffindors, true to his nature, is ready to explore with all the courage and energy he has turned on all his adventures thus far. Please join me in wishing Mister Potter all the best in his future exploits!" The round of applause that got was far more enthusiastic from the Gryffindor table than Harry's speech had gotten, but as he stood and waved his thanks he noticed that the Slytherins, who had at least clapped politely at the end of his speech, sat in disgusted silence after Dumbledore's speech. Harry wondered whether it was because of Dumbledore's clear emphasis on his house affiliation, but decided he didn't really care. Taking his seat, he grinned crookedly at Ron and bumped Hermione with his shoulder, determined to enjoy his last meal at Hogwarts. OoOoO After that, things were pretty chaotic. In hindsight, Harry knew he should have expected to be mobbed on his way out, but he had – naively, really – assumed that his speech would buy him some leeway. As he tried to push his way through the throng of students between him and the main doors, Harry grimly repeated to himself that this was the last time he'd be doing this. "Mister Potter," a level voice suddenly cut through the students' clamors, and everyone fell deathly still. Abruptly thankful for the other students' uncertainty around the History professor, Harry turned in the direction Valeriana's voice had come from. He couldn't see her through the crowd of taller students. "Yes, Professor Natassa?" "How are you leaving Hogwarts, Mister Potter?" Harry blinked, then frowned. "By portkey, ma'am." Why was she asking, when she already knew that? "A timed one, I presume?" Suddenly Harry understood, and he tried not to grin. "Yes, ma'am." "Then I suggest you other students let Mister Potter pass. We wouldn't wish for him to miss his portkey." Her tone was still perfectly level, but some of the students near Harry blanched and backed away immediately. Harry couldn't help his grin, then. "Thanks, professor," he called as the students cleared a path for him. "I hope you have a good year at Hogwarts!" "Thank you, Mister Potter. All the best for the future." Harry just grinned and strode away, grateful again for the remarkable person he now had in his life. OoOoO Months later, Harry hefted his rucksack more securely onto his shoulder and grinned up at the same person. "Ready?" "Ready," she concurred, and they stepped out of the house together, ready to see the world together. OoOoO A/N: To be continued...!