and sneak illegal dragon eggs into his cabin. Harry poked the parcel nervously. It snapped loudly again. Harry reached for the lamp on his bedside table, gripped it firmly in one hand, and raised it over his head, ready to strike while Alicia stood up and moved away slightly. Harry seized the rest of the wrapping paper in his other hand and pulled. And out fell — a book. Alicia just registered its handsome green cover, emblazoned with the golden title The Monster Book of Monsters, before it flipped onto its edge and scuttled side-ways along the bed like some weird crab. "Uh-oh," Harry muttered. The book toppled off the bed with a loud clunk and shuffled rapidly across the room. Alicia and Harry both paused for a minute, listening for the Dursleys before Harry, after hearing nothing from the sleeping family, followed the book stealthily. "I shouldn't be at all surprised Hagrid would send us a biting book but really?" Alicia asked, she returned to her parcel and poked it, only to have it move too. Alicia drew back biting her lip as she watched Harry. The book was hiding in the dark space under his desk. Harry got down on his hands and knees and reached toward it. "Don't —" "Ouch!" Harry hadn't listened. The book snapped shut on his hand and then flapped past him, still scuttling on its covers. "Biting, book." Alicia said slowly, Harry sent her a look before he scrambled around, threw himself forward, and managed to flatten the book. Uncle Vernon gave a loud, sleepy grunt in the room next door. Noel, Hedwig and Errol watched interestedly as Harry clamped the struggling book tightly in his arms. "Alicia, belt." Harry muttered. Alicia hurried to the chest of drawers, and pulled out a belt quickly before giving it to Harry, who buckled it tightly around the book. The Monster Book shuddered angrily, but could no longer flap and snap. "I think I'll open mine back in my room… So I can tie it up with something too." Alicia decided, poking it again. Harry nodded in agreement, throwing his down on the bed and reaching for Hagrid's card. Dear Harry, Happy birthday! Think you might find this useful for next year. Won't say no more here. Tell you when I see you. Hope the Muggles are treating you right. All the best, Hagrid "How is a biting book useful?" Harry asked "It's Hagrid, when is a monster book not useful?" Alicia wondered crossing her arms "Yeah but that's for him." "Come on Harry, 'seriously misunderstood creatures'." she quoted. Harry sighed and nodded. He reached for the Hogwarts letters first before handing her one. "Yours is here too." Alicia grinned "I love how Dumbledore does that." Last year he'd sent both Harry and Alicia's letters to the Burrow, Ron's house, as they'd gone there for the last month of holidays and the year before Dumbledore had followed Harry around with cards as the Dursleys tried to hide from them. Alicia opened her letter to find three pieces of parchment inside, the book list, the letter and a form. Dear Miss Evans, Please note that the new school year will begin on September the first. The Hogwarts Express will leave from King's Cross station, platform nine and three-quarters, at eleven o'clock. Third years are permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please give the enclosed permission form to your parent or guardian to sign. A list of books for next year is enclosed. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress "We get to go to Hogsmeade!" Alicia grinned excitedly. Hogsmeade was the wizard village just outside of Hogwarts, the closest town the giant castle was too. Alicia had never been to a wizard village before. She pulled out the Hogsmeade form before thinking of something and looking to Harry worried. "How are you going to get the Dursleys to sign?" Alicia mumbled. Harry sighed and shook his head "Maybe Ms Bane could sign it, I'm sure Dumbledore would allow it, I mean he could had of easily have put you with the orphanage instead." she admitted. Harry looked at her "McGonagall wouldn't fall for it." "I know, but Dumbledore might." Alicia nagged, Harry didn't look hopeful. "I'll worry about it later." he turned to the clock, it was now two in the morning. "You'd better get home." he said. Alicia sighed. "Sure. Shall I come back later?" she smiled "Well the Dursley's aren't going to have planned anything." Harry reminded her "True… you know I think I wont knock today, I'll just walk straight in, seeing as Vernon likes to shout a little I'll just tell him it's my birthday and I can do what I want." Alicia shrugged "Say, I've been thinking, we should make up a story about my parents, that they're alive and wizards and will beat the living crap out of the Dursleys." Alicia grinned. Harry couldn't keep the smile of his face either but he tried to control himself "I don't…" "Can we at least tell Dudley?" Alicia loved tormenting Dudley as he had done so to Harry for eleven years. Harry sighed and Alicia rolled her eyes before grabbing her presents and moving to the window. "Drop them down for me when I land?" she asked. Harry nodded "Come on Noel, Vernon will kill you if he finds you here." Alicia admitted. Noel gave Hedwig and Errol an small hoot of goodbye before she flew out the window and landed on a bush waiting. Alicia climbed down the rope and Harry unattached it. When Alicia had rolled the rope back up again Harry dropped the presents into her hands and she waved good bye before carrying them back around to the front and to the road, Noel flying by her side. "One day we're going to have something up on these Dursleys, even if it is when we're seventeen and able to sue magic." Alicia muttered to her owl.