fault that Harry had had to grow up alone and had no one to rely on as he faced all of the problems that he'd faced in the past sixteen years. James and Lily didn't care that he'd betrayed them, they cared that he'd forced their son to face so many difficulties alone. The fourth and final marauder died months later during the Battle of Hogwarts an Remus and his young wife joined the sadly growing group. Once again, there were thanks to them for looking after Harry as much as they had but neither of them lost any age like Sirius had. They had other priorities, as well. They cared about Harry, of course, but they also cared for their own son – Teddy – who had now been left an orphan. Severus died as well, just hours later. He appeared too. Lily hugged him, but she was still angry with him. "Thank you for doing the right thing in the end, but there was no need to bully my son for six years first." She said. James had often thought that there was nothing scarier than Lily when she was angry. She never hit, she never shouted. She never screamed or did anything aggressive but the glare she gave to anyone who had deserved it was worse than all of the hexes and curses she had put on all of the death eaters she had fought all those years ago. Severus looked away from her, clearly he found this glare as bad as James always had. "I'm sorry Lily." He whispered. Lily rolled her eyes but said nothing. A second before he had died, Severus had told Harry the final part of Dumbledore's plan and she had to watch him. She couldn't decide if she wanted him to do it – as it may be the only way to save the Wizarding World (and she would also be reunited with her only son) – but she didn't want him to die. His decision, however, mirrored the one that Lily, James, Sirius, Remus, Tonks and countless others had made. He chose to die at the hands of Voldemort in order to potentially save the lives of everyone else. He found the stone that could resurrect his parents and brought them back as spirits that only he could see. This, unlike the images he'd seen of them in his fourth year, was actually them. Lily, James, Remus and Sirius all smiled as they saw him, and knew that he could see them. Even better when he could speak to them. "We're so proud of you." Lily told him for the first time. "Does it hurt?" He asked them. Sirius shook his head. "Quicker and easier than falling asleep." He promised. "Will you stay with me?" It was one of the first times in his life that Harry had allowed himself to be scared, and it would be the last time too. "Until the very end." James promised. And they did. They stayed beside him until Voldemort cast his curse at Harry and both fell flat on the floor with a thud. They all reappeared where they had been before, where Tonks stood, awaiting their return but Severus had left. Lily didn't care. She stood and waited, beside her husband and their friends for her son. But he never appeared. She was taken back to that night on the 31st October 1981 when they had died but their son had somehow survived. They were taken back to Harry, although he couldn't see them this time, as he rolled from Hagrid's arms and showed that he was alive. They were as surprised as his living friends and supporters who cheered and the battle recommenced. It was hard to keep track of anyone but Lily, James and Sirius were glued to Harry whilst Remus and Tonks attempted to check on the other members of the Order of the Phoenix. They were there when Tom Riddle finally died as just that, as a human (or as human as someone who had killed hundreds of people and split his soul seven times). And then it was finally over. The world was safe once more and Harry was safe to live his life with Ginny and his friends. They had three children: James Sirius, Albus Severus, and Lily Luna, as well as half adopting Teddy Lupin into their home (although he really lived with Andromeda Tonks). All was well in his life as he lived the one that Lily had always dreamed of for him. But, of course, everyone must die sometime. Harry died at a very good age of 106 but hugged his parents for the first time as if he was still the eleven year old who had found out the truth about himself and his parents. They hugged him back – even though he had now lived longer than them put together – and Lily cried. "We love you and we were with you every step of the way." She whispered. "I know. I felt protected and loved by you both when I needed it most. When I felt lonely, when I felt hated. I always knew you were there and were proud of me and I love you too. And for the first time in over a hundred years, James and Lily were reunited with their son. He was reunited with his wife a few years later and Lily was glad to finally meet the girl that had made him so happy. Finally, she knew her son and he knew her, and the same was true of James. Hope you enjoyed this one shot. I swear I almost cried writing it at some points I love them all so much. Thank you for reading and leave me a review please (and tell me what you think I should write about next!). For anyone who reads any of my other stories, they will all be updated ASAP – I promise! – Chescaannie xx