happened? But she didn't care because it was her wedding and she was marrying the love of her life. She was in the kind of love that she had only dreamed about. She had wished for this moment, when she would be almost irrevocably bonded to the love of her life. The love was something she knew intimately, something that was no stranger. The thing that kept her holding on, even when there was no correspondence to tell her that they were safe and alive. The thing that kept her memories of her parents and loved ones that weren't with her anymore fresh in her mind. The thing that made her heart feel like it was going to burst out of her chest in happiness, or tear her into a million pieces in pain. At twenty the startling realization that she was still a kid and that she still had so much to learn was thrust upon her. She had just gotten out of school and how, how , could she bring a child into this world? How could she make a baby, her baby, live in this world? But with every worry came hope and love because she was pregnant! She was going to have a child . She thought that he was going to faint at the thought when she told him. But he hadn't and he had held her when the realization that she was going to have a baby dawned on her. A real, living, breathing child that they were going to have to raise and care for. She had sent her sister a letter, telling her that she was going to get a niece, but she hadn't gotten a reply back so she wasn't sure if it had made it through. Her ex-best friend knew too but only by accident. The child was going to live with loving parents, she vowed, and they were never going to wonder what love was because that would never be a mystery. And then he is born and it is the best day of her life. The love she has for him, her son , is almost enough to make up for the fact that she has lost five more friends. The sobs that she cries when she hears the news are heart-breaking sobs that tear her apart, ripping her heart to shreds again and again. They dash her against the jagged rocks of pain relentlessly. But then she remembers her son and for those long sunlit moments everything is alright because she loves him and their little family so, so much. Love happened to be the only thing that kept her going. The thing that let her get up at ungodly hours to feed her son. That let her get through the sleepless nights, that got her through the pain of her sobs. That got her smiling through the tears when she couldn't understand why they were still fighting and she saw her son. It held her on her worst days and carried her on her best. It made the life she was living slightly more bearable, slightly less unimaginable. At twenty-one she has to go into hiding because the evil was after her and her little family and they weren't safe anymore. Their little house was home to a ghost family now, they were now living in a prison on the edge of the world, away from civilization so that they could try and escape the evil, thwart its icy claws. It was a futile hope and that's all it was, a hope, but it was something and she had to believe that or there was nothing more to hold on to. She had to believe that it was worth it and that they had a chance. That was one of the only things keeping her here, other than her son. They had the futile hope and the love for their son and that was enough, it had to be enough. She had to believe in the hope and in her love for her little family because if she didn't then she might as well give up now. And if she gave up now what was going to happen to her son? She had brought him into this cruel world, and while she'd never trade her son for anything, it was her duty, her obligation, to protect him. Her days were spent cooped up in their little prison, painting walls, and talking to her son. Every day she worried for those that she didn't hear about, which was everyone but her little family because correspondence was dangerous and so she never knew and always wondered. It was so very hard not knowing because she always worried when she didn't know and how was she supposed to live here like this in the dark about everything and how? But he made everything better, he always did. He made it his mission to bring her out of her darkness when they made her like this because the darkness made everything worse and didn't help at all. It made her love him even more when he did that, calmed her down. What prevailed was her love for her little family, even when nothing else did. Love, she thought, was less of a feeling and more of a choice. It was her choice to hold on to her sister, her choice to keep worrying about her best friend, even when they weren't talking anymore. Her choice to stay, even when it was so hard. A choice to hold on, to keep trying, to keep swimming against the current even when it was the last thing she wanted to do. Her choice to go into hiding to try and keep death's cold, clawed grip off her son, so he knew love. So, yes, it was her choice to keep loving, to keep trying even when it seemed impossible. Love prevailed, even in the face of death. She never made it to twenty-two.