own good." Said Hope. "Like-" "Remus." The simple utter of the word made him silent. "Your parents love you very much, and they have had nothing but your best interests at heart." He said. "The reason I am here is so we can discuss the arrangement of your, Uhm...little problem." Everyone looked on stunned at the old man. "Professor-" Dumbledore held up his hand for silence. "Can you please leave us for a moment while we discuss this." He asked. "You may also just want to finish your book." he said handing it back to him. "I hear it has a very good ending." Remus looked back at the old man and then at his parents before walking away slowly. "Look, Professor I-" Again, he held his hand up. "You needn't explain." Said Dumbledore looking at them both. "I know that Remus is a werewolf." They both looked at each other in astonishment. "How?" "A mutual friend, Alec Potter, heard Fennier Greyback bragging about how he attacked the son of a man in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures." Said Dumbledore. "They don't call him the World's Greatest Detective for nothing." "Clearly." Said Lyall. "But…Professor, how can we send our son to Hogwarts. He's a werewolf, have you seen on the news about how they are segregating these poor people." "I know." Said Dumbledore. "But that shouldn't mean that it should deprive Remus of an education. What was your plan for him if I hadn't come knocking on your door?" Both Lyall and Hope looked at each other. "I was going to home school him." said Lyall. "We can't allow him to be exposed to the outside world." "And then what." "We, uh, didn't discuss that." "And what happens when he becomes a bigger werewolf, a stronger werewolf." Said Dumbledore. "Are you going to be strong enough to stop him when he is an adult werewolf?" "Are you strong enough?" Asked Lyall fiercely. "Because you don't look strong enough." "Physique isn't the only indication of strength." Said Dumbledore. "As you are aware. Your strength charms alone can't hold your son during his transformation. As he becomes older, he will become stronger, far too much for one man to control." Lyall bowed his head. "What do you have in mind?" "Lyall?" "This is my old teacher." Said Lyall to Hope. "If anyone can help him, it's him." Hope shook her head. "Like all those bloody potioneers you took him to!" said Hope. "Having him prodded and poked and force fed potions, where did that get you!" "Hope, please." "I understand your trepidation." Said Dumbledore. "But keeping him tied up in your basement praying he doesn't get out isn't a long term solution." Hope and Lyall both knew he was right. But who else could they trust with this. It was their son, what if he was bullied, or ridiculed…what if he was ousted, and persecuted, or worse still, he was killed. "The Potter's own an old building on the outskirts of Hogsmede, its old and dilapidated, and much gone by for human habitation." Said Dumbledore. "But, it has a secret tunnel in the basement that leads to Hogwarts." "And what use does an old Potter house have for us." Said Lyall. "That just means one day that some student will find him, either Remus will pass on the curse or worse." Hope gulped and looked away. Her Remus wasn't capable of such a thing, but the wolf on the other hand. "Professor Sprout has forever pestered me for a whomping willow." He said. "I have always said no because they are a danger for students, the violent branches and temperamental nature. But, now, I can see a reason why we should." "I don't understand?" said Lyall. "Every month, Remus will go to this house to transform, Alec assures me that it can stand up to the strongest punishment, it was built by his ancestor during the giant wars. Remus will be able to transform in peace, and not be able to get out into Hogsmede, the whomping willow will protect any student from wondering across him." Hope stammered "So, Remus-" "Remus will be able to go to school. And transform in peace." He said. Hope's eyes began to sting with tears. She…she hadn't thought of Remus going to school for years, and, now, by some miracle, he now was. The tears flowed and she hugged him fiercely. "Thank you." she barely said it, but was sure that it was out there somewhere, and that she knew her gratitude had come across. "If we take the necessary precautions, there is no reason he can't." said Dumbledore. "Alec has already placed the necessary charms round the building to protect it further. It won't be disturbed by the villagers or the Students." Dumbledore smiled at the small family. "There is a reason to hope again." Later, after Dumbledore had left and the details finalised, Hope was in the bathroom again, but this time, with a smile on her face and found herself in the same position she was this morning. Bottle in one hand, flask in the other. She smiled widely and she poured both down the sink. Who knew today was the day. The Marauders Proudly Present: The Marauders Year Two Chapter One Cryptozoology Written By Chambers10 Hi everyone, sorry about the wait for this but I really got into the grove of writing this, I thought I'd only have a ten or twelve chapters by this point by I have twenty eight. Yes, 28, including the ending, I just need to write about five more and I need to connect them all but the first five are finished and ready to put out. Speaking of which I'll be updating every Saturday until it's finished, and after I've finished year two it'll be straight onto year three which I have a tonne of notes for already. I hope you all enjoy this chapter and please review. Happy reading. Chambers.