the form before him rested back against the wall, held up by Harry's weight. Harry glanced upwards, meeting heated liquid silver orbs, the Slytherin's eyes dilated as he'd wished to see them. Harry groaned at the heat pooling in his groin and slim fingers joined his, making quick work of the belt he'd forgotten before tugging at Harry's pants. Undoing the button and zip before tugging the fabric down far enough to free firm flesh. Harry licked nervously at his lips. Was he really going to do this? Draco didn't even hesitate and chilled fingers grazed the head of his erection, Harry's pants slipping down his hips as the blond pressed their bodies firmly against each other once more. Pale fingers guided his hand to wrap around both their lengths, setting a slow teasing pace. The other's skin was soft as expected and Harry found his fingers quickly slick with pre-cum, the leaking liquid easing the friction from his palm and making each tug easier and smoother. Shivering, Harry captured soft lips in another kiss, this one unfocused and sloppy as his hand moved eagerly. Cool hands slipped from their task in order to tangle in his hair once more, Draco gasping and moaning freely now. Harry sucked at the blond's lip, pulling back to meet his heated gaze. Approaching footfalls snapped them from their daze and Harry jumped back as if scalded. He had completely forgotten their location. Panting and rearranging his clothes, Harry felt his face flush as what he had been doing finally filtered into his brain. His face burned and avoiding the other's gaze, he set about collecting the dropped writing equipment, forcing his mind from the soft skin he'd had beneath his grasp and the tingle still present in his lips and crotch. Licking his lips nervously and groaning softly at the taste of the other in his mouth, Harry turned and pressed the items into the other's chest. Slim fingers curled around the quill and parchment, damp and sticky and Harry glanced upwards as his thoughts trailed into unsafe areas once more. Dazed lust-darkened silver eyes blinked at him, Draco's robes still dishevelled though the blond had managed to get his pants refastened at least. The footsteps still approaching, Harry wished fervently that he could discard them and continue but listening to them approach, he knew these steps, knew that it was Ginny coming near and he couldn't risk them being seen. Silver eyes searched his briefly before Draco swept him into a searing kiss, Harry tangling his hand into the blond's fine hair before the other pulled away, panting. From this close, a faint flush could be seen on pale skin and Harry felt his dick jolt at the thought that he'd put that there. Dishevelled beyond all hope of recovery, Draco was undeniably attractive and Harry regretted the fact that this would be the end of their affair. He wasn't satisfied just yet, the burn of his desire still pushing blood into inconvenient places. Then again, this would be perfect ammunition for a nasty rumour or two and Harry felt annoyed that he had put himself in this situation, had given the blond so much to work with. A soft kiss, a mere pressing of lips gently against his, startled him from his thoughts and amused molten silver orbs blinked at him. The Slytherin smirked, his trademark smirk, now with bloodied lips. He whispered against Harry's ear. "If you're going to do that every time then you're welcome to grab me again sometime… Harry." The smirk morphed into a grin, lighting up the usually icy features and Harry froze at the rare sight. Draco slipped past him, strides quick and disappearing round the corner towards the Owlery within seconds. Harry shivered, unsure how he felt about being addressed by his first name by his rival. He stood, still in disarray, standing in the corridor stupidly as Ginny rounded. The girl was laughing with her friends, pausing only once she spotted him. "Are you okay Harry?" She asked and Harry compared the lilting voices, finding he preferred the other's haughty tone over her soft one. He nodded absently, ignoring her confused expression and turning to trail back to his dorm room. He moved slowly, trembling as each step jolted through him. Think about Snape, he told himself, the thought of the Potions Master dealing a swift blow to his arousal. Running a hand through sweaty locks, he turned onto the moving staircase leading to the Gryffindor tower. In a daze, Harry spoke the password, entered his common room, passed the others dotted about and climbed the stairs to his dorm room. He slipped inside, accidently ignoring anyone who spoke to him and collapsed face first onto his bed. Half suffocated, Harry rolled over onto his back, staring up at the ceiling in silence. He was dimly aware of Ron attempting to speak to him, something about Quidditch or Hermione or something, he didn't know. Instead, his brain was still feeding him images of soft flushed pale skin, molten silver eyes and a low lilting voice purring his name. Shivering and rolling over onto his stomach to avoid revealing the problem brewing again, Harry glanced over at the disheartened redhead. "Tomorrow Ron. If it's not urgent, could we speak tomorrow instead? During break or something? Once Herm's gone the library?" His friend blinked once, nodding slowly and grinning at him. "Sure Harry, it's not that urgent. I can wait until tomorrow. This means you'll have to tell me what's got you in such a state though." Sighing, Harry nodded. "Sure Ron. I'll try." Having not expected any more than that and smile almost stretching his face, Ron turned away. Harry watched him climb onto his bed and draw the curtains. Silence settled and Harry pushed his face into the pillow, wondering if he had just dreamt the whole thing. He licked his lips, tasting copper and shivering at the realisation that it was real.