Sirius murmurs as they collect clams along the shore. "There aren't any laws against it now." Remus looks up at him, amazed by the thought. A new world, a better world built from the ashes of the old ways. A world where they can be together in peace. Before he can answer, someone shouts Sirius' name. They look up to see a young girl, no older than twelve, rushing towards them. She's small and slender, bones poking through her skin, but what catches Remus' eye is the shock of pink, choppy hair. "Only you could find hair dye during the apocalypse, Dora," Sirius laughs. The girl skids to a stop, nearly tripping into the water, but Sirius catches her, steadying her. "Berries," she says. "Doesn't hold well enough, but it gets the job done." "This is my cousin, Dora," Sirius says. "This is my boyfriend, Remus." Dora nods at Remus before turning her attention back to Sirius. "I-" "Is Regulus with you? I thought you were both dead, but if you made it, then…" Dora shakes her head, her expression grim. "The virus took Mum and Dad. Regulus and I survived, but…" She trails off, her eyes fixed pointedly at her bare feet. "There's a gang back in the cities. They call themselves the Death Eaters." Remus scowls, remembering his encounter with the group. "Terrible people," he says. "They're all over the cities now. They decided I was too clumsy, but that Regulus would be useful," she says. "He was protecting me. Told me to run. I didn't want to leave him, but I- I was scared, Sirius. I didn't have a choice." Sirius pulls his cousin into his arms, ruffling her messy hair. "At least I know now," he says gently. "Closure is a good thing." … Spring turns to summer. Lily and Alice both sport swollen bellies as they bring in a new family, a mother and six boys, the youngest maybe a year old. "Molly Weasley," she says before introducing each of her sons. "Looks like I've come at a good time. Used to be a midwife, you know, before I started a family of my own." Remus smiles as she fawns over Lily and Alice. "First times?" "Yes," Lily says, Alice echoing her. "Well, not to worry, loves. If there's one thing I know, it's childbirth. Had to walk Bill through the process to deliver Ron," she says, indicating the ten year old who holds the baby. "We lost Arthur along the way. Snake bite. But we're still here." Remus nods, placing a hand on her shoulder. "We've all been through a lot," he agrees. "We're carrying on." "All we can do," Alice says, stroking her stomach. "Keep going. Don't look back." "We'll get you settled in," Lily offers. "There are still a lot of empty homes. It used to have hundreds of residents, but now we only have thirty-eight." "A good number. Better than none," Molly says. "Come along, boys. Fred, George, hold Percy's hands! Don't wander off! Charlie, don't run! You have no idea where you're going!" … "It's insane," Sirius says, shaking his head. Dora scowls. "I don't have a home anymore, Sirius. I'm fast. I can make it on my own. I could run between towns, spreading the word. Maybe I'll even find other havens like this. It's worth a shot." "She has a point," Remus says quietly. "If the Death Eaters are expanding their territory, people are going to need a safe place." "You're not going alone. We'll talk to Kingsley in the morning. He'll want to accompany you," Sirius says firmly. "We'll have our first snow soon, and you can't-" "Death Eaters aren't waiting," Dora interrupts. "We can't afford to wait." Sirius starts to argue when Peter bursts through the door, panting and red in the face. "Sorry. Lily. Baby. Now. Come!" … Molly looks exhausted when she places baby Harry in Lily's arms. Neville Longbottom was born the night before, only hours earlier, and Molly hasn't had much time to rest between deliveries. She collapses in a chair next to the bed, and Remus covers her with a blanket. The old Marauders gather around, each wearing identical expressions of amazement and admiration over the little squirming bundle. Remus takes Sirius' hand, smiling. "Amazing, isn't it?" he whispers. "All the suffering is worth it in the end, because life goes on." … Kingsley hands the map to Dora before slinging his bag over his shoulder. "Travel won't be as quick once the snow falls," he says. "We'll try to send word as often as we can, and the goal is to check back at least every two months." "Preferably sooner," Sirius mumbles. Dora rests a hand on her cousin's shoulder, offering him a bright smile. "We'll do what we can, Sirius." "You do have a home, you know," Sirius says quietly. "You'll always have a home with me." Dora nods before turning to Remus. "Look after him. Take care of him, or I will not hesitate to break your face," she says before laughing and throwing her arms around him. "I'll be back. Promise." … "You talked about getting married a few months ago," Remus says softly, afraid of waking baby Harry as he naps. "Did you mean it?" "I can't think of anyone I'd rather spend the rest of my life with," Sirius confirms. Remus feels a flutter in his chest. "We could ask Garrick," he says. "He used to be a minister. And he hasn't tried to stone us for being together, so I reckon he's one of those tolerant ones." "You know it's a big step, right?" Remus nods. "It's been one big step after another. I don't think I'd mind taking one more," he answers. Sirius takes his hand, kissing his knuckles. "We'll talk to Garrick. Have the wedding when Dora and Kingsley return." Remus smiles to himself, watching as Harry squirms in his sleep. Life goes on, and he knows that everything will be okay.