few months ago. She had been searching for ways to let her baby survive, of course she also search so that both she and James would survive too but unfortunately she didn't found any spells, runes or ritual that would let all three of them survived the Killing Curse. She did however found an Ancient rune from Egypt among the Potter's rune books, a rune that lets her baby's soul come back to his body if he was dead only for a few hour. Of course that doesn't mean that could protected him from the Killing Curse, and there is a chance that it won't work because the Killing Curse doesn't only ripped the soul but also accelerating the soul's progress in passing to the other side. And so she threw herself in a research on how to slow down someone's soul from passing too quickly to the other side. It took her months and little sleep, but she had finally make a rune on them. The downside? Her life, she found that if she wanted both the Egypt rune and her rune to work together she had to go through another rune that linked them together, and the downside from using three powerful runes is that she would be completely exhaust her magic and still hadn't activated the runes so she had decided to sacrifice her life force in order to replace the lack of magic. Its been twelve minutes since she took Harry to his room and four minutes since she finished activating her runes. And just now she couldn't hear anything from the downstair anymore. Somehow she just knew that her love had died. He had died protecting her son. She was sure that she would die in less than two minutes, and in those two minutes she would make sure to give Harry her last moment. To make sure that he will still feel her love until she died. "Harry mummy loves you remember, no matter what happens I will always love you, daddy will always love you" tears are streaming down her face, she could not believe this would be her last with her baby. "Oh, Harry mummy love you so much. I love you so much" now she could not stop hugging and kissing Harry on his cheek, forehead and lips. "I'm so sorry Harry" and she keeps telling that over to Harry. Suddenly the door is opened and she knew she didn't have time anymore, wiping her tears eith her right sleeved. she turns towards the man she knew is Voldemort, glaring at him she said "You won't kill my son" Voldemort raised his non existent eyebrow and laughed, "I won't? How could you be so sure little girl? I suggest mudblood that you stand aside, I don't normally give a mudblood like you a chance to live, but one of my best Death Eater had asked for your survival". Lily scrunch her brow in confusion, who would asked for her survival? She didn't think she ever known a Death Eater. Well, she doesn't care, she won't back down. If he killed her than so be it, it would only helped her activate the runes. She already tied the runes to body and soul so that the moment the Killing Curse struck her down, her life force would go and activated the runes. "No! I won't stand aside and let you killed my son" she sneered and move right in front of her son, completely cover her son. Voldemort gritted his teeth and warned her again "This is the last time woman! Stand aside or I shall kill you!". "My answer is still the same Voldemort" She said determination held strongly in her eyes. She would protect her son! His eyes lit with rage as even in her last moment she still defied. "Avada Kedavra!" a light green beam shot so fast that she could only sees a streak of green coming towards her. And she felt a tug in her belly signing the fact that her runes had succesfully activated. Voldemort looked into the other one person besides him and the woman. He looked right into eyes with the greenest eyes he had ever seen. Somehow even though he had seen his mother died he is still not crying. Instead he is glaring at him ! He a toddler is glaring at him , Lord Voldemort, the greatest and strongest Dark Lord, and a toddler like him is not afraid of him. Preposterous! No one should be able to looked at him without fear, not even his own Death Eater looked at him without a hint of fear, and yet here he is a toddler looking at him with eyes so much like his mother that it was so sickening. He raised his wand and "Avada Kedavra!" . He was laughing when he was done, he had done it, he had killed the boy! Voldemort was so busy with his own world that he never saw that Harry hasn't died yet, that a scar in the shape of lightning bolt is slowly forming on Harry's forehead, and he definitely didn't saw the Killing Curse he cast is being returned to him. He had only realised all of this when he suddenly found himself as a spirit, his body destroyed because of the Killing Curse and it was only because he had made horcruxes that he is still alive in the form of a spirit He screamed in rage and in spirit, he ran away from the room, away even from the country. Left vowing to take revenge. A/N : whoooohhoooo, its dooooneee, it took me three days to write this! So loonnggg, though it is quite lots of words. Well, there's so much that I wanted to write but held back. There's some information that I've already thought but didn't write it in this chapter. Okay I don't really know whether my story is good or not so pleaassee leave a comment!