first increased in strength, then in number, nightmares became a lonely battle to fight, and he read to himself, sometimes aloud, before bed. Soon after that, he was told to kiss his mother's hand instead of hugging her every morning, and to bow to his father. He learnt from watching his father to be cruel to servants, and to be arrogant, and proud, because the Malfoy crest was on the buttons on his robes and the combined blood of the noble and ancient houses of Malfoy and Black flowed through his veins, and he was pure . But despite his father's teachings, the lessons in genealogy, the feeling of power that came with issuing a command to have it immediately obeyed, since Severus sat next to him on the floor of the corridor leading to the guest rooms, something changed. He lowered his eyes for a second when he chanced upon the older man, despite the frayed robes. He apologized for any disrespect towards him, for any word spoken out of turn when Severus took on the role of tutor and then became his Professor. He awarded him a respect that came from a much, much deeper place than the obeisances he made to his father. Because as a boy he had known that this man was much more than his image, that he was a shapeshifter who chose his mask carefully, and that he held in his hands a power that would overcome them all. Because he was Myrddin, and he had given Draco his true name, Y Ddraig Goch, which resonated in him when sometimes, when she forgot herself, his mother called him 'dragon'. ·◊◊◊· And in the face of death, Draco's shoulders shook with pain that hurt so much he was sure he was bleeding out, bleeding magic and blood and something else that he couldn't put into words. ·◊◊◊· The Unbreakable Vow was a farce. The most powerful magical contract was nothing compared to the words Severus had pronounced sixteen years ago. "With my life," he had said. "You have my word." And when he grasped Narcissa's wrist, Bellatrix's wand was not necessary for a thread of their respective magics to entwine, renewing a promise that had never weakened. ·◊◊◊· And in the face of death, Narcissa held her son so tight, so, so tight, that she was sure they would both break. "He loved you, dragon," she whispered. She breathed in, and it was a ragged sob that could no longer be controlled. "More than life." And she knew she spoke the truth, because she had his magic inside her, his promise holding true even after death. ·◊◊◊· In the Vulgate , Myrddin is portrayed as tall, dark, and cruel. "Severus…" The old man was pleading. Slumped against the wall, Albus Dumbledore was begging. Draco found himself pushed out of the way. "Severus… please…" But this man wasn't Severus. He raised his wand and cast the curse, and to Draco, the silhouette, darker against dark, wasn't the advisor, the prophet, the woodcutter or the beggar. He was the shadow of a magic so terrible, it had no words. He was the heathen, the murderer, the traitor. ·◊◊◊· Dusk is when the line between the world of the living and the world of the dead becomes diffuse, a door opens, and it is possible to pass on, as mortal man, to the realm of death. According to myth, a hero (cunning, sharp, daring, faithful), would be able to bring a soul back, striking a bargain with the god. "I'm no hero," whispered Draco, kneeling before the tombstone, final resting place of Severus Snape. "Forgive me." He pressed his forehead to the cool stone. "Forgive me." Narcissa watched her son from afar. She saw his mouth move, but a breeze that announced summer carried away his words. "You were wrong," Draco spoke to the stone, righting himself back to a kneeling position, like the first time he had looked into Severus' eyes. "I am the White Dragon after all. I have lost this fight. I have lost you." He remained silent for a long while, his chest a blinding fury of pain. When he spoke next, his throat felt too narrow for words. "And I was right," he managed. "You are Myrddin. That night, in the Tower, I thought I saw the Myrddin of the Vulgate. I was afraid of you. But you're a shapeshifter, and you wore a mask under the mask. You were Galehaut all along. And I was so blind." Draco shifted on his knees and the dirt grated under his trousers, digging into his skin. He almost welcomed the pain. "I am no hero. I can't bring you back." He almost choked on his own words. "But I will keep you safe, for as long as I live." He touched his left hand to his chest. "In here." He felt his own heartbeat. "Always." A second of immobility, of swallowing back the cry of a child who has lost, and lost, and lost, or the howl of a dog, and Draco rose to his feet. He felt his mother's presence behind him. "Night is coming," he said, looking down at the slab of stone, and his voice sounded hoarse to his own ears. "The door is closing." "Yes." Narcissa stood next to him. They remained silent for a second. "You have lost more than the White Dragon ever did," she said, and somehow it didn't surprise him that she knew. "Only Y Ddraig Goch could have spoken your words." A pause. "He was always proud of you." Draco felt tears coming to his eyes. The breeze rustled his hair, then died. The graveyard was completely still. Through the haze of pain and grief and sorrow, his lips quirked up in a little, sad smile. Because silence had always been his praise, and while the body of Severus Snape rested now forever, in the face of death Myrddin had become the wind. ·◊◊◊· fin