with this information?" pressed the Ministress. Hermione felt her stomach turn. She replied. "You are correct, Ministress." "Ms. Granger, am I correct in saying that you were put under the Cruciatus Curse in a multitude of times by the now deceased witch, Bellatrix Lestrange? "Yes." "Ms. Granger, where was Draco Malfoy at the duration of your interaction with Ms. Lestrange?" asked Bones. Hermione glanced at Harry's face and he gave her a slight nod. She glanced at where she assumed Malfoy's face was underneath his hood, and she knew what she had to do. "Draco Malfoy was in the cellar of Malfoy Manor with Harry Potter and Ronald Weasley" she asserted. Hermione watched as Bones' face quickly appeared furious. "Ms. Granger! I have it on clear record that Draco Malfoy was in the same room with Bellatrix Lestrange and yourself during those seven hours that you and Bellatrix Lestrange were interacting. You are aware that lying in this courtroom is a punishable offence that will land you in Azkaban, are you not?" Bones yelled, her tone indicated the warning she was giving to Hermione. Hermione felt a hot volcanic rage rising up her throat; the fact that Bones thought that she had the right to speak about those seven hours and lecture Hermione, the cleverest witch of her age, on basic wizarding law, as if she was some common stupid witch. It took every fire of Hermione's being not to retort with asking Bones' about her cowardice during Yaxley's reign at the Ministry. "With all due respect Ministress, I am fully aware of the Ministry's courtroom procedures and conduct. If you are going to talk about what happened with Bellatrix Lestrange and myself at Malfoy Manor, you might as well call it what it was, an interrogation, not an interaction. As I've previously stated, quite clearly actually, Draco Malfoy was no where near the vicinity at the time that Bellatrix Lestrange had casted the Cruciatus Curse upon me. He was in the cellar with Harry and Ron and not one of them escape due to their wandless states." Hermione countered, shooting Bones a fixed glare. Bones squinted her eyes at Hermione and looked down at her papers. She flipped through several pages before she looked up to speak. "Very well Ms. Granger, since you've insisted adamantly that Draco Malfoy was not involved in your- Bones' paused and her voice sneered slightly- interrogation with Bellatrix Lestrange in any facet of the matter, I have no choice left but to have the statement of fact today be that Draco Malfoy had not executed or accompliced in executing the Cruciatus Curse on yourself. You may be dismissed." Hermione quickly rose and walked back to the panel where Harry and Ron were. She looked across the room where the Ministry bureaucrats were seated; they would have to make a decision on Malfoy's guilt in a short period. They were whispering to each other and sharing their notes with one another. Hermione sat down next to Harry. "Do you think they're going to send him back to Azkaban?" she whispered to Harry, who was staring ahead at the man in the black. Harry had a solemn look on his face. He replied, not taking his eyes off the dark figure, "Would it matter to you if he didn't? He was there those whole seven hours." Hermione stared at the dark figure. He had been eerily still throughout the entire hearing; he may as well have been a still corpse. "It does matter, Harry. We wouldn't be here if it weren't for him. Seven hours be damned for a lifetime. You know that just as much as I do." She whispered to her friend. Harry didn't say anything. After a couple of minutes of shuffling and heated arguing, the Wizengamot were ready to announce their decision. Bones took to her podium at the center of the room. "The Wizengamot will know announce their decision in the Ministry's case against Draco Malfoy. Will those are in favor of clearing the accused of all charges, raise their hands in this moment?" She instructed. Hermione turned around to count the hands in the air. It was a unanimous decision; there wasn't a single hand not in the air. She breathed a sigh of relief and looked to see if Malfoy had expressed any reaction. The figure of Malfoy remained sitting, statuesque, as he had been the throughout hearing. Bones' voice boomed, reeking of her displeasure, "Let it be indicated that today, July 15, 1998, the Ministry of Magic clears Draco Abraxas Malfoy of all accused charges. May it be seen that Mr. Malfoy is properly given accommodations for the journey back to his residence of Malfoy Manor. You may all be dismissed." Hermione couldn't even imagine what it would be like to face Draco Malfoy today. It wasn't that she was afraid of him, it was just that it was…so awkward. She wasn't even sure if Malfoy was alive after how lifeless he had appeared at his hearing. Would he even acknowledge her existence or what she had done for him? How were they supposed to live and work together when there was so much bad blood between them? Would he call her a mudblood? What would she do if he did? She looked down at her watch and saw the time. "Time to take the bull by it's horn," she thought to herself, internally groaning. She turned around. "Ron, it's time for our meeting, come on." Ron groaned and got himself up. "See you later, mate" he said to Harry, who nodded back at him. Hermione looked at her spectacled friend sympathetically. "We'll meet you in about an hour, Harry." "Yeah, you guys go ahead." Harry said, waving his hand, shooing them away. And with that, Hermione and Ron made their way to the Prefect's compartment. Author's Note: Please submit your comments/ review with your thoughts! Any feedback would be helpful! I'll have the next chapter up soon.