others had surprisingly joined in, playing dirty tricks in order to collect more. The Marauders were pleased that almost everyone was participating, bar the Slytherins, who were looking sullen as usual. For an ample fifteen minutes, the war was forgotten, as everyone scrambled to grab their share of sweets. It was moments like these you cherished in times of bleakness and uncertainty. November 1977- A Not-So Terrible Price Lily was struggling against some unknown force, but whatever it was, it was strangling her. A foul hiss reached her ears, and she paused. "Tell me what you want, and it is yours!" Lily didn't think twice. "Freedom!" she yelled, "Release me, you hideous monster!" "Ah," said the voice tauntingly, "but that will come with a price." Lily stopped wrestling. "What price?" The unseen figure snapped its fingers, and a pair of guards strode in, holding between them something limp, which was covered by a tarp. "Unveil him," the voice ordered. Lily gasped as the guards peeled back the tarp to reveal James, scratched, bruised, and generally roughed up. His head was lolling back, the eyes that had once held burning passion, were empty and lifeless. "NO!" Lily screamed, resuming her fierce effort against the hold of her captor. He just laughed. "Poor, poor Evans. You see, everything comes at a price." The pressure against her throat tightened, and she was slowly slipping into a realm of darkness... Lily bolted awake, her palms clammy and beads of sweat on her forehead. She tried to compose herself, taking deep breaths. The dream had been so real, and now, she felt foolish. Nothing was going to harm her; she was at Hogwarts, Dumbledore was Headmaster, and James- he was right down the hall. Lily wiped sweat off her brow in frustration. She was being childish; none of the dream was going to occur in real life, not while she had her friends and James to protect her. But she and James were at risk everyday. She was a natural target, being Muggle-born and Head Girl. He was a pureblood, and yet he and his family were anti-Dark. The Potters were known for their strong aptitudes for the Ministry. Lily laid her body back, counted sheep, stars, teacups, but could not sleep. Finally, deciding she needed consolation, she quietly climbed out of bed and tiptoed down the hall. Noiselessly, she pushed open the door marked Head Boy and peered closely at the peaceful form on the bed. James looked so angelic, untroubled by the horrors of the world around him. Lily placed a hand on his shoulder and shook him gently at first, but growing more violent each time. "Psst, James," Lily whispered as she shook him, and sluggishly, James stirred and sat up. "Evans?" he yawned, rubbing his eyes blearily, "What are you-?" "Nightmare," she said, "Mind if I sneak in there with you?" He opened up the blankets as a response. She crawled in, and James said groggily, "You're hot." "I know." "I mean, you look hot in those pajamas. You should wear'em more often." She blushed, thankful that darkness blanketed them and he couldn't see her. And little by little, a door in her heart began to creak open. December 1977- You Figure It Out It was December thirty-first. Music boomed, lights flashed blindingly, and the Gryffindors were partying it up. They were making a quite a lot of racket, as the Slytherins brusquely told them the next day, but that didn't matter at the moment. The Gryffindors were welcoming the incoming year with a hell of a party, courtesy of the Marauders. They'd received explicit permission from the Head Girl, allowing them to throw a humongous bash. They Marauders had gone out of their way with Lily's assistance to extravagantly decorate the common room. Lily walked around, monitoring the students, and politely declining offers to dance. Quite a few were sloshed, courtesy of Sirius' spiked punch. One boy caught her eye. James was behaving in the exact opposite way as her. He was entertaining partygoers with crazy dance, adding in a few suggestive moves here and there. A gaggle of girls surrounded him, unabashedly giggling over him. James's eyes connected with hers and he made a beeline towards her. The group of girls brazenly followed him, and threw Lily resentful looks. She ignored them. "Hey," she said casually, trying to quell the nervous butterflies that burst into her stomach at James's exuberance. "Hi, there," he replied, throwing an arm around her shoulders and earning Lily a few more baleful glances. "That girl over there, she's nothing compared to me," one girl commented snootily. "The lucky-" another one began, but her voice died away feebly as Lily marched towards the head of the gang, Mandy. Mandy tossed her a spiteful glare, which Lily returned wholeheartedly. This seemed to take her aback. "Excuse me, but who do you think you are?" Mandy inquired haughtily, throwing back her silky blonde hair. Lily rolled her eyes and wordlessly pointed to the authoritative badge adorned to her shirt. Mandy's eyes widened. "So s-sorry," she stammered, backing away and motioning for her friends to do the same, "I didn't realize-" She broke off, staring at something behind the Head Girl. Lily turned, and there were James and Sirius. As she looked on, Sirius waved his wand and a gigantic timer appeared, counting down the seconds until 1978. Lily chanted the seconds with the exuberant crowd, and as soon as the timer hit one, she lost sight of James. She craned her neck over the rapidly bobbing heads. "ZERO!" The Gryffindors roared the new year, all except for Lily, for she had found her lips captured by the ones of James Potter. This wasn't their first kiss, but it was as good as. As the Lions cheered, Lily let it fade into the background. Her mind was blank, her heart soaring with joy. Because she was in the arms of James Potter and that meant everything to her.