shove that up their –" "Pansy!" Blaise cut her off and Draco blinked at them. Was this what he thought it was? He watched quietly as Pansy and the other Slytherins met his gaze, all seeming intent on trying to get their point across. "It seems they think they have a say in our loyalty." She smiled at him, teeth flashing as the others followed her lead and burnt the letters they had received. Looking down at his plate, Draco bit his lip, feeling tears prick his eyes once more at the show of loyalty. So they weren't following him because of his father. He glanced around, seeing his fellow Slytherins grin at him before returning to their meals. He felt a smile threaten to form on his face, hiding the twitch of his lips behind his hand. Some of his tension eased and he heard Blaise sigh in relief at the minute change in posture. Maybe he could survive this after all? Harry watched as Snape stood before his house, nodding at the quiet words of Parkinson. The group burned their letters in tandem and Harry wondered what they contained, wondered why they made such a show. His gaze slid across to the familiar blond, noting the set of his shoulders relax, a genuine smile smothered quickly by his hand and Harry was stunned at the softened gaze. It all made sense now. "We need Draco on our side." The name spilt from his lips easily and Harry marvelled at how natural it had felt while Ron blinked at him, dumbstruck. "What?" He asked and Harry sighed, resting his elbows on the table and resting his head on his hands. "We get him on our side and it appears the Slytherins will follow. He's disowned, disgraced in society and probably being hunted by Voldemort and his minions, yet they all seem to follow him still. Think about it, these are children raised to enter the Dark Lord's ranks, trained in curses and hexes. We could use their knowledge… their skill… even if they are Slytherin." Hermione nodded at his words and Harry watched Ron grimace. "I hate it but… You're right." Ron fidgeted with his food, staring across at the table of snakes as they settled back to their meals. "It's not a trap?" Harry shook his head, sure that the brief flashes of emotion were real. "It's not." He doubted Draco would be so subdued if it were an act, the boy loved his drama. Sighing and obviously distressed, Ron nodded his head. "Okay." Hermione leant over, eyes alight. "How are we to do this? Do you really think that Mal… Draco will accept?" Frowning Harry shrugged, eyes landing on the subject of their conversation and watching the slim teen finally eat something off his plate. Not that he'd noticed the other had been eating less over the past few weeks… "Harry?" Ron's voice snapped him back to their conversation and Harry tried to remember the questions asked. "He needs allies, needs people to help defend him from Voldemort and his father. We could offer him safety but I doubt he'd take it. He'd probably refuse just because we asked…" The blond could be quite difficult if he wanted to. In fact, he was just difficult in general… Sighing, Harry gave in. "I don't know." He admitted; eyes trailing back to catch Draco's across the hall. The teen watched him back, head tilting in query and sending silver strands spilling across his forehead and into his eyes. Harry smiled shakily, seeing the blond's brow furrow before raising as comprehension coloured his gaze. The Malfoy sneer slipped into place and Harry watched him mouth his words. "It will take more than being disowned and threatened before I join you and that bumbling fool Potter. " Biting back a nasty remark, Harry nodded, offering another smile and watching the other frown again. "We won't force you." He mouthed back, seeing the frown soften before tilting up into a faint smile, an almost imperceptible lift of his lips. "It'd be stupid to try." Grinning, knowing he had thought that too, Harry turned away to resume his conversation with his friends. They stared at him confused but Harry laughed, picking up the subject of their next class and the essay he knew Ron had yet to finish. Draco jolted as Blaise nudged him with his shoulder, dark eyes curious. "You're smiling?" He asked and Draco let the expression drop smoothly into indifference. "Was I?" He asked airily, stabbing at the food on his plate blindly and taking a bite to waylay the questions. "Yes. Why?" He shrugged, chewing his food as his eyes fell on Potter once more. Would it be crazy to admit that it was because of Potter? That he was thankful the teen was not going to attempt to force him to turn his back on his family and upbringing completely? That he was still giving him the option if he wanted to? He swallowed his food, eyes still locked on the Gryffindors. "I just realised I had more options than I thought… and that maybe I wasn't against one as much as I thought I would be." It was cryptic but that was all he would get. Blaise frowned at him, knowing it too, instead sighing and turning back to his food. Draco took another bite of food himself, leaning his shoulder against his friends in way of a silent apology and feeling relieved when the pressure was returned. Could he join the light? He glanced over at Dumbledore, seeing the man watching Potter with twinkling eyes before moving on to Snape, the elder eating quietly and watching him back. A slim eyebrow rose in question and Draco shook his head. He had no questions right now… none that could be answered for him anyway. Chewing his bottom lip thoughtfully, he pushed the food round his plate once more. Would it be so bad to join the light?