up, and that the Dark Lord was planning to attack that night. Later if you had asked any of the children what had happened, they would tell you was parts of a story, certain people tell of certain phrases, curses, or people that were there, but never the whole as many were either too young or to shadowed. An unexpected person stood next to the Head of Slytherin House… Hermione Granger, was what started the fascinating tale of a battle and the even more unexpected events to occur. "Tom will be here within the hour, I'm sure Dumbledore won't be long now either." Hermione whispered to him as he nods and his eyes lift to someone behind her. "Severus what is the meaning of this?" McGonagall asked the man, glancing towards Hermione who had just turned around. "The Dark Lord plans to take hold of Hogwarts tonight Minerva, I had just found out this evening before initiating protocols," his smooth voice continued, ignoring the growing fear on the older woman's face, "I have already alerted the Order and Dumbledore, I hope they will be here by the time they attack. He and Potter had not sent a Patronus in response." And then screams of the children in the back of the hall echoed, causing the teachers and the older years to pull out their wands, the younger ones following suit. Death Eaters had infiltrated the castle, throwing curses and jinxes at anyone closest them as Hogwarts teachers shot curses of their own, albeit non lethal ones but curses nonetheless, and then they were silenced. "Enough!" a handsome young man clad in flattering black robes had entered the room, a calm demeanor in face of the cowering fear and sobs of the children in front of him. "Grab the teachers and stop messing around." The people of the school were shaken by the sheer power this man gave off, magic wise and voice wise. How could a man such as this command hundreds of Death Eaters who now also lined the entirety of the room, and was not Lord Voldemort? The large gleaming familiar of this man and the woman standing beside the Potions Master wove a line straight through the hall, children yelping and cowering into their friends as they parted as if an invisible hand pushed them fluidly aside. The part everyone would remember was Hermione Granger, the resident know-it-all, book loving, curly haired girl only smiling as the snake slowly made her way up the hall; her graceful dance down the steps as her wand swung in a circle, starting from her head down to taper off at her waist. In a lovely bit of magic any of the girls would kill for, her shiny hair made it's way into a pretty chignon and her robes fanning out into a fitted lace trim dress as she swept fluidly to meet Nagini with her dark shadow following silently behind her. "Darling!" she swooned, holding her hand to her hissing daughter, "Mother," she wound herself around Hermione's waist and neck. A flash of blue came next, teachers ripped from Death Eaters, kids all surrounded by a shielding spell by Professor Dumbledore who had apparated onto the grounds with Harry Potter at his arm, only able to stand, watch, and listen to the battle that would surround them as Death Eaters trained their wands on the Order Members apparating in as backup. Hermione's face turned dark as everything stilled, walking to the protected children, Order members eyed her with no idea how to proceed let her hold out her hand, "Draco." He let her lead him to Tom as she wove her arm around her brother's, Draco behind her, Severus to her left, Tom to her right. "Attack," her cold voice rang, and curses flew, and the battle ensued. The Death Eaters won. Casualties were made by anyone over seventeen, Albus Dumbledore succumbed to the afterlife at the hands of the Dark Lord and the Dark Mistress. ~.O.~ Malfoy Manor, Ballroom 3 months later Hermione and Tom sat on their velvet lined thrones at the top of the ballroom dias, surrounded by snakes, eagles, badgers, and lions all dancing and barely dressed in celebration of having yet another reval. Dancing drunkenly, most people were high on the magic that was visibly sparking in the air, all except Hermione who's stomach, slightly swollen, rest upon her hips, and Tom and Severus who both only wished to get their wife to themselves. "Do you like the world we have made, my Hermione?" Tom asked from his throne, ankle over knee in pristine black slacks, his bare muscled chest drawing more than enough attention from the women surrounding them, and a fair few of the men; staring as long as they dare lest his lace clad queen catch them and lose herself to hormones. Severus in much the same boat. She smiled as she kissed his hand, "I love it, my love." Her eyes turned to Severus, who smiled and kissed her palm. "Do you like our world, my love?" He smiled like he had never before, the weight of a master who used and abused him finally dead and able to lead his own life, knowing only Hermione would allow for him only the best. "A world with you by my side is utopia, my love," he replied in his deep baritone and helped her stand, finally tired of the festivities surrounding them, leading the way through the happily oblivious crowd, Tom lead by Hermione's hand as the other brushes Draco's bare shoulders where he stood pleasuring a red-head alongside Harry who was with his own. Hermione now ruled a world that bowed down to her and her husbands, either in deep seated fear, or respect, but eternal loyalty. Behind the trio followed their euphoric hissing familiar, " Family again. Family growsss. Together family sssafe. Sssafe now. " ~.O.~ Thank you for reading! I love you all! Reviews are hoped for and appreciated!