bound to find out about me from the Hogwarts parents after all." "If they did it'd probably be on the cover." "Unless Fudge is keeping it quite." Alicia grumbled "If ever there was a time I wanted Rita skeeter to write. This is a giant scoop, it'd totally be the truth, maybe a few insults or sad saps here and there but…" Alicia muttered "Maybe she'd even write about Voldemort." "Sure she'd write about your hallucinations and how it's a lie too, and not because of Fudge." Alicia grumbled. "Do you think anything will happen?" Harry wondered staring up at the blue sky. "No." Alicia admitted "I think Voldemort's going to lie low. Get his bearings and plot from the shadows, make sure everything's thought out and going to work to his advantage before he strikes. After all, the fact that the world doesn't know he's back is to his advantage." Alicia sighed "His only disadvantage is that Dumbledore knows, and everyone knows that's who he's most afraid of." "Then why hasn't he done anything?" Harry asked "It's only been a week Harry, and we saw Dumbledore that day, he moved straight into action." Alicia reminded him "Then why haven't we heard anything?" Alicia stayed silent and frowned. She had her theory, she assumed Dumbledore wanted to give them space, that telling them things will get them worked up and maybe go looking for trouble. Harry was best protected when in Little Whinging, with the Dursley's no matter how bad they were. Dumbledore needed Harry to stay there, did that mean he'd say nothing? That was just cruel. "Mrs Weasley said she thought Dumbledore would allow us to visit soon." she muttered "How soon is soon?" Harry asked "This isn't the first time we've been here for the summer Harry." she said "This isn't a normal summer Alicia." She had no argument to that. "We need to act like it is. Keep our noses clean and play it smart." she muttered as her eyes glanced around the park. She had the feeling she was being watched, maybe Dumbledore hadn't left them alone, as Voldemort was after Harry it did seem a stupid thing to do. Did he have someone tailing them after all? It wouldn't surprise her really. The two spent the rest of the day out before Harry had to return to Privet Drive and Alicia to the Orphanage for dinner. She sat in silence and Portia and Alex shot her a few looks before she retuned to her room after a nice hot shower. She sat back at her desk before the three still blank pieces of parchment. She retook her quill in hand and loaded it with ink. I have a feeling no one's going to tell me anything, or Harry. I know Dumbledore's up to something and on the move. Swear to me you'll promise me if he contacts you or anything happens! Don't keep me in the dark on this. She copied this onto the three parchments before adding something to one. Ron, I know Dumbledore's enlisted your parents help and that you'll be heavily involved somehow, even if you know very little cause they wont tell you. Please, don't make me find out what's happening on my own, because we all know how that'll end. I can't stand waiting around for two months. With that she folded them up and addressed the first to Ron, the next to Hermione and the last to Sirius. She then grabbed another parchment. Do not ignore me. As long as I have Harry I will leave and find someone who can answer me, willingly or not. I still have non-magical ways of transportation. This last letter she addressed again to Dumbledore. She then walked over to Noel and poked her awake. The owl wasn't particularly happy. "I need you again." she whispered to the owl as she held up the letters. "I need you to take these to Ron, Hermione and Sirius. The last is for Dumbledore again. Hoot at him a lot for an answer." she smirked slightly as she tied the letters to Noel again. She then gave her bird a treat and the owl left the room again. Alicia wasn't going to give up, no matter how stubborn everyone was, she could be a hell of a lot worse. Alicia turned back to her desk before the swoosh of more wings sounded and an howl landed in Alicia's windowsill. Alicia moved over to it and removed the letter upon it, her name written in ink on the front of the parchment. Hey Alicia, How are you doing? I'm hoping you're alright. I know it's only been a week but I wanted to check in and see how you were. Especially after what happened. It seems you were right about the Minister not believing you, the Daily Prophet's said nothing. My mother's a bit skeptical but it's hard to argue with the facts Dumbledore gave us, and with… There was a pause and Alicia took a deep breath. Anyway, how have your holidays been so far? Hope to hear from you soon. Anthony. Alicia smiled. She had promised the boy she'd write over the summer if possible and was glad that, despite what the ministry was doing, he was still happy to contact her. She didn't think many would be very happy with her or Harry after what the Prophet was doing, covering everything up and snapping at Dumbledore and Harry. Alicia put the letter down and began to answer it. She sealed it and tied it to the new owl's leg, who stood waiting patiently and then took off when she was finished. Writing to Anthony felt like a bit of a weird normality she didn't expect, but perhaps it was the cool down she needed as she waited for the replied from her friends, godfather and headmaster. After all, she wasn't going to give in in asking what was going on. No matter what.