him and just hold his hand while Angelina held him. Now they held hands and he hoped George wasn't thinking of that day. He sighed at the aching memory. Fred's death was too fresh in their minds, it would probably always be too soon or too fresh in all of their minds. It had been little over a year since they had lost him. They still mourned for him everyday and no one ever sat in his seat at the table. Every meal had a place set out for him and often his mom would distractedly scoop food onto his plate or scold Fred for not eating. He wasn't sure how long it would take until the ache in his chest went away, he hoped it never would. It had been 17 months since they lost and even though he had Victoire right after the war he had not named her after Fred. Had she been a boy it would not have been a question but Fleur did not want Victoire to be teased when she got older for having a boy's name. He had not agreed at the time but he was glad now that his wife had seen sense. When they had a son his name would be Fred. He was broken out of his reverie when he heard yelling and screaming as the double doors swung open. His father was standing in the middle of the doors looking pale, furious, and terrified. Before Bill had a chance to say a word he stormed towards them with purpose and a speed that he had never seen his father exhibit in all his life. The siblings looked at each other in surprise as he raced right passed them not even seeing them. Their father never ran not even when they fell off of their brooms. He was always calm and level headed in every situation. He never had a temper, either. He couldn't remember a time he ever shouted at them and Fred and George regularly blew things up in their youth and adulthood. The three siblings jumped up to race after them when they were jolted by yells of stupefies and curses coming from passed the now open double doors. Charlie had just made it to the corridor and had observed the entire thing. All four of them had wands drawn at the first scream from their mother. Bill and Ginny were two steps closer towards their dad he looked at Charlie and they silently communicated their younger siblings looking to them for guidance. "Ginny and Bill go after Dad. Me and George will go for Mum." He took off in a run his wand out and his scar stinging. Something was terribly wrong. He glanced at Ginny and she bolted after him while George and Charlie raced through the double doors tossing fleeing Healers out of the way. They raced down the hallway after their father who was running towards one of the Ministry's private entrances. He called out to his father but he didn't stop he continued running. "Dad! DAD! MR. WEASLEY!" He bellowed. His father didn't break pace. They were gaining on him and he was muttering to himself as he zig zagged around patients and healers knocking things over as well as people. Shouts of fury followed them as they raced after him. Bill muttered apologies as they passed and knew they were going to get a rather large bill from Saint Mungos once this was all sorted. "Dad!" Ginny was shouting. He exchanged a look with his sister when he only ran faster turning abruptly towards the large open room that was designated for private Ministry Floos. He flicked his wand to open it as he ran. The floo fire turned black and his father careened towards another hallway and yanked a door open that opened into a large empty conference room, his wand outstretched in a fighting pose. It was empty and eerily quiet. He stopped at the end of the hallway and conjured his patronus whispering something to it. He cast several charms to keep anyone out of the room they were currently in. They two just made it in as the blue wall of magic came down. Ginny had rolled on the floor to make it in several feet away from him. Bill was dusting himself off, his wand at the ready when Ginny looked up from the floor and shouted at their father. He faulted for a moment before murmuring to himself. Ginny jumped up to her feet and took several steps forward and called out again. He didn't look like he had a destination in mind. He was just running. "Oi! Dad wait! Please Daddy!" His Dad froze and turned. He smiled at Ginny warmly, his eyes still filled with panic. "Ginny. Where's your brother?" He was talking to quickly and Bill wondered how bad this was for his Dad's blood pressure. He took a step forward as Ginny yelled back at their Dad. "What? What are you talking about Dad?" He visibly recoiled from Ginny causing her to flinch. What the hell was going on?! "I have to find Bill. I have to find Bill." Ginny looked at her father with fear in her eyes, what was wrong? He stepped forward. How had he not seen him? "Dad, I'm right here. What's going on?" His father's eyes widened as his face paled as he placed his arms on his father's shoulder's. He could hear Ginny running up behind him. "Bill. Azkaban. They're coming for you. We need to get you out of here. Now!" His arms went around his eldest son just as Ginny reached for her brother's shoulder. The loud crack of their apparition was drowned out by the sound of their father's shield being burst apart by what looked like Auror's. The last thing Bill saw before they were gone from the room was his father's shield falling and the room being flooded by Auror's.