she is here. They sit together for a few minutes until she works up the nerve to speak, gathering strength from the fact he has not pulled his hand away from her. In a small voice Hermione pleads, "Draco, would you please forgive me for the way I acted last week and tonight?" He swallows, not sure what to make of her apology. A small nod of acceptance is all he can manage. He does not have enough courage to look at her, only that first glance she she arrived. His gaze remains locked on her small hand in his. He can feel prickles of heat where her arm lays across his leg. All he wants to do is pull her into his lap, instead he places his other hand on top of hers. He inhales and exhales slowly, trying to reign in his emotions. He understands now why his father always insisted on controlling them. How he would laugh at him today. Hermione watches the internal struggle she sees playing on Draco's face. Her Gryffindor bravery spurs her on, she uses her free hand to turn his face toward her. The raw intensity of his stare causes her heart to leap and she leans over and kisses him gently. His shock makes him not respond and she pulls back, snatches her hand away from him. He watches her as she stands and wraps her arms around herself. She studies the grain in the wood of his floor, not able look at him when she says, "Draco, I can't do this anymore." She can hear the anguish in her words. Draco stares at her as her words pierce his heart. He knew it wasn't real for her but thought maybe it might be one day. A little voices nudges at him, then why the kiss just now? He shakes off the thought. It was just a kiss goodbye. When tears begin to run down her face, his body reacts before his mind. He is up in an instant wiping her tears away then pulling her to his chest. He feels at home when she wraps her arms around him. He shushes her and tells her everything will be alright. He had never known what to do with a crying woman until her. Others made him uncomfortable, but Hermione doesn't. He only feels her hurting and wants to soothe it away with his love. Hermione sighs. I have to tell him. He might laugh, he might push me away, but I have to tell him the truth. Draco feels her tense and he tries to prepare himself for the worst. He holds her close, his chin on the soft curls of the elegant updo, his hands rest on her waist. Feeling safe in his arms she begins, "I can't keep pretending." His hands unconsciously tighten, his body trying to hold on to his witch as long as he can. Her hold tightens on him as well, clutching him like a lifeline. "I don't want to lose your friendship, but it hurts me to act as if we have something more." Draco's mind is racing. Is she saying what I have wanted her to say for so long? Or is she saying the farce is too much for her? His body tries to reassure her, his hands try to console her by caressing her back. He is afraid of her answer but asks anyway, "Why does it hurt Hermione?" She sighs and pulls back from him slowly so she can look at him. He is giving her such a tender look. Could it be? No, not after not responding. She sighs, unable to answer his question directly, she asks her own, her eyes pleading with him, "Don't you know already?" He tries to respond but is only able to mouth the word no. She realizes he really doesn't understand. Hermione swallows down the lump in her throat. You faced down Death Eaters with less trepidation. Now it is just your heart and your pride on the line, not your life. This should be easy. Still holding his gaze, she asks, "Why didn't you kiss me back?" It is as close as she can get to the real question she wants answered. Draco sees the hurt on her face and his heart skips a beat. He takes a deep breath, and moves a hand to her cheek and she leans into it. He looks down at her mouth and thinks about how her lips feel under his. When his eyes meet hers he sees longing, his heart beats rapidly and he replies breathlessly, "I didn't expect it, then you pulled away and I thought you were saying goodbye." He is giving as much as he can, he hopes she can see the need for her in his eyes and she does. Her hand reaches up to pull him down to her as she says, "I don't think I can ever say goodbye to you." The angst he has been feeling is chased away with her lips. He responds immediately and she deepens it, pouring all of herself into their first real kiss that continues until they are out of breath. Draco breaks the kiss and leads Hermione to the sofa, drawing her into his lap. His knuckles trace down her cheek and he asks, "Does it hurt because you want it to be real?" He would have missed the slight nod of her head if he had not of been studying her intently. He leans in to place soft kisses on her neck then whispers in her ear, "I've always wanted it to be real." He pulls back and she looks stunned, almost angry, then shakes her head and giggles, "You git! You are such a Slytherin!" He smirks, gathering her closer and boasting, "I am, and you love it." She shakes her head and he reaches up, pulling her into a long kiss that chases away any of her thoughts of rebuke.