work," she said. "I'll," started Neville. "I'm off at six, could we go get something to eat?" she interrupted, on impulse, and he grinned wide. "I'd love to!" When Hannah had been fifteen, a Prefect and totally willing to break the school rules to save her OWLs, she'd said to Ernie that she really couldn't imagine having a boyfriend. She was too young, maybe, or too naïve or too emotional, and she had been too disgusted with herself at the time to imagine anyone ever loving her. She had pinched her waist and stared into the mirror with frustration and compared it to what her roommates had looked like. Sally-Anne boyish, long and lean. Susan petite and Megan curvy and Sophie athletic. Why would anyone want her? When she was twenty seven, she thought to herself that maybe she was good enough for Neville. Since quitting the Aurors, he had lost the muscles and the hardness he had gotten from the DA and the years with the Aurors, but Hannah didn't mind. Instead she pressed her hand into his chest and closed her eyes and kissed him and thought that it was a beautiful thing, to still be soft. He proposed to her in her room over the Leaky, and she had clapped her hands over her mouth and cried. Neville was still kneeling carefully (his knee, after the Battle, was never quite the same.) He raised his eyebrows, and she could see the anxiety then, tucked into the way he set his shoulders and looked up at her. "Yes, yes yes," she said, still crying, and he climbed back up labouriously and she wrapped her arms around him and took a deep breath and cried. She fretted for a month over finding a dress that fit and that didn't show the ugly scarring on her forearms from when she'd been grazed in the battle. "Let it show," Susan suggested finally, when Hannah threw her hands in the air and cried that she hadn't ever wanted to get married with any sleeves at all because she knew how hot she would get if she was nervous and covered in fabric. "They're just scars. Everyone in the crowd has seen them." "But I don't want to be so ugly," Hannah said, and she brandished her arm at Susan. "It's my wedding." "Everyone in the DA has scars," replied Susan, and she took Hannah's hand and looked at the scars. "They're not ugly." "They are," Hannah said, pulling her arm back to look at the way they twisted and knotted, the misshapen skin and the odd colour. "You have them for a reason," Susan said gently. "Because you were brave enough to go into that Battle." "I wasn't-" Hannah protested, but Susan sighed. "Hannah, shut up." Hannah's dress had no sleeves; the neckline was higher than she had wanted it, but Neville's grandmother was very old-fashioned and Hannah was willing to compromise. They showed the scars, but at the end of the day with one hand on Neville's face and his arms around her, Hannah felt beautiful anyway. «» "Madam Pomfrey's retiring," said Neville, one afternoon in the Cauldron. Hannah, more focused on going through their bills, nodded slowly. "Why?" "Because she fancied she wanted to wrangle dragons instead," said Neville. Hannah glanced up at him and gave him a look. "Ha, ha, ha. Who do they have to replace her?" "We don't know," said Neville. "But they're looking for someone young with a knack for Healing spells and a way with kids." "I don't know, Neville," said Hannah, and glanced upwards at him. "I'm not a Healer." "You were the best thing that we had, that year," he replied, and sat down at their little table and put his hand over hers. "Look, Madam Pomfrey specifically asked about any of the DA, because we were tough under pressure and knew what to do. Michael even said he'd ask Terry-" "Bad idea," said Hannah, who knew Terry too well. "Yeah, exactly," said Neville. When Hannah was thirty-six, she got a new job and a new home and it didn't matter that it was basically her old job and old home too. Madam Pomfrey taught her what spells can be used for what mistakes and what potions to get, and Hannah sat in Poppy's office and wondered aloud whether anything would be as bad as some of the things she'd seen that year. Michael Corner with the skin shredded off one arm lying in a pool of blood, Neville with a gash split over his eyebrow from hitting his head on the floor, Ernie with a broken wrist, Seamus with broken ribs, Megan's bed empty and a small bloodstain on the pillow- Once, it would have made Hannah cry to be back in the castle. She remembered too well how many people had been hurt there. But she took a deep breath and told herself that everything would be fine and she asked about potion dosages and curse scars. It was almost twenty years ago that she'd stared at the mirror and hated it, hated the pigtails and the wide eyes and the round face and how stupidly young she looked when she didn't feel young at all. Hannah, her second day interning as the matron, caught a look of herself in the mirror and thought that now the reverse is true- that the war aged her too much. Her scars, her hair- she doesn't look thirty-six. She could be years older. But she shrugged at her reflection and tucked her hair behind her ears and rolled up her sleeves and told herself it wasn't like it mattered anyway. And maybe one day. when Hannah's hair is gray and thin and her face is lined and, she hopes, still kind, a little girl will come in with hair in two pigtails, tied with ribbons, and Hannah will smile at her and say, before she leaves, that she's capable of anything, pigtails or not.