trying his damnedest to fight his oncoming smirk. He didn't want his girlfriend to castrate him; that would defeat the purpose of all this teasing, now wouldn't it? The moment the last guest was finally out the door, Pansy tackled Draco to her family's sofa and immediately divested him of his swim trunks. He didn't even have time to make a cheeky comment about her eagerness because the next thing he knew, she had pushed her bikini bottoms to the side and sank down on his length in one go. They both groaned at the feeling of completeness they'd been so yearning for all day. "Holy fuck , baby, you're soaked…" Two seconds of neither party even moving and Draco was positive this would be added to his top five list, as well. Pansy forcefully rocked her hips, reveling in the fullness of Draco sheathed inside of her. "Of course I am, you evil bastard. You teased me for fucking five hours straight!" She directed his hands to her back, to the ties of her bikini top, and said, "Now fuck me right this instant, and make it good!" Draco would've chuckled if Pansy's raw need wasn't the single hottest fucking thing on the planet. "With pleasure," he growled. He wasted no time playing with the strings of her top, pulling quickly to get the damned fabric out of the way. Once her breasts were bared, he tossed the flimsy triangles to the floor and pulled his girl flush against him by the shoulders. He claimed her mouth in a searing kiss as he began to fuck her wildly with abandon. Pansy squealed and dug her nails into his flesh, and Draco nibbled at her jaw, sucked at her pulse point. Eventually, he managed to blindly untie her bikini bottoms and throw them over the back of the couch. With all their clothing out of the way, he worked his hand in between their bodies and rubbed her clit in firm little circles. She tried to lean up, tried to give herself some angle of control, but he kept her pinned right on top of him, and with his free hand, he pulled roughly on her ponytail, just as he'd promised. "Oh, fuck !" Her eyes were screwed shut and her face was flushed a darker red than before. There wasn't a better sight on Earth, as far as Draco was concerned. "Did you honestly think Potter even stood a chance of getting you so good, Pans?" he demanded, voice raspy, balls tight. "He couldn't handle you. You're what his wet dreams are made of, not his reality. Never his reality. You're mine , Pansy Parkinson, do you understand me? Only I get to know how good it feels to have your cunt wrapped around my cock, so hot and tight and perfect . Understand?" "Yes, yours, only— fuck !" Her words were slipping away from her, disappearing completely when Draco tugged on her hair once more. Her fingers were digging into his sides so hard surely they must be drawing blood. "Again, please, close, please, Draco!" "Cum, Pansy." He yanked hard and didn't let go, and this time, she threw her head back and opened her mouth on a silent scream. " Now ." She did just that. Draco watched, mesmerized, as his girl found her release, rocking her hips of their own accord as she came hard. Two more shallow thrusts and he was gone, too. He pulled her close as he emptied himself inside her, the only sounds their occasional groans and constant heavy pants. When they were both finished, Draco carefully slipped out of her, and Pansy repositioned herself so that her small body covered Draco's larger one as best it could. She kissed his chest and sighed contentedly when he ran his hands up and down her back. Draco was under the impression they were both drifting off when… "Draco?" "Hmm?" Pansy yawned and said, "I don't even like Potter." Draco's lips quirked up into a smile. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her hair. "Good," he answered, closing his eyes once more and rubbing her arms affectionately. Pansy shivered and burrowed herself into his body. It was then the blond realized it was rather cold here in his girlfriend's air conditioned living room, lounging on her sofa with no blankets or any form of warmth besides each other's spent bodies. He fully intended to keep his promise of having her again and again, but he never said they couldn't nap in between orgasms. Stretching his legs to brace himself, he gathered Pansy in his arms and stood. She made a quiet sound but didn't question it, didn't even open her eyes, only wrapped her arms around his neck and hummed in contentment. Draco carried her up the padded spiral staircase, her disheveled ponytail swinging back and forth and tapping him on the arm. He carried her across the length of the second floor hallway until he reached her pink bedroom. Once inside, he tucked her lithe naked body under the covers of her canopy bed and couldn't help but smile like a lovesick fool when she whined as he tried to pull away, refusing to unlatch her arms from around his neck. He climbed into bed beside her and pulled the covers up high, making them all snug and cozy. Pansy moved to drape herself over his chest and kissed his shoulder before falling asleep completely. Draco drew absent patterns on her bare shoulder with his index finger, unable to deny—even in his sleepy haze—the strong sense of happiness coursing through his veins. He and Pansy may have been messy sometimes. She could be jealous, and he could be a dick. But they loved each other more than anything in the world, and nothing was ever going to change that. That was his last thought before he too slipped into the realm of dreams, his girl peacefully snoozing on top of him.