it attractive or not?" Remus considers. Sirius has always been cute. The leather and rebellion always worked so nicely with him. But the change is nice as well. There's something about Sirius acting so refined. And maybe the tweed is rather attractive. "Judging by the shade of red you've turned, I'm guessing that you didn't even know you had a type until now," Regulus muses, a smug grin playing at his lips. "This is brilliant. Did Sirius actually manage to do something right by mistake?" Remus looks away quickly, tugging at his cardigan. None of it makes sense. Where did Sirius get this idea from? How did he manage to get so many people in on his ridiculous scheme? Why did Remus not realize how much he liked it until now? "If you'll excuse me, I, uh… I have things to do." "My brother is hardly a thing," Regulus teases. Remus hurries off, pushing a hand through his hair. Even Regulus knew. James, Peter, Lily, Marlene, Alice. Did the entire castle know before Remus finally figured it out? … It feels amazing to wear his leather jacket again, and even more so to have his hair down and free. Sirius feels so much more like himself now. "What happened to the tweed?" Lily asks, and Sirius is surprised to see her clinging to James' arm. He knew that Lily invited James, but he didn't expect to see them get so close so soon. Sirius smiles. Good. James has been crazy about Lily for years. It was nice to see things work in his favor for once. "Maturity isn't what you wear," he says. "I realized it today. It's not the tweed and ties that Remus finds sexy. It's the mind. The way he looked at me while I helped those kids… That was the key all along." "Sorry I'm late!" Remus calls, skidding to a stop. He looks at Sirius. Disappointment. That is definitely disappointment in Remus' eyes. "Something wrong?" Sirius asks. Remus clears his throat. He looks from Lily to James, then back at Sirius, his cheeks a deep pink. Lily seems to take the hint. "I'm starving," she says, pulling James along. "Come on, Potter. Let's see what they have to eat in here." "You got rid of the tweed," Remus says when they're alone in the corridor. "I didn't think you actually noticed it." Remus' blush deepens. "I didn't. Not really. Not until your brother pointed out that it was for me." Sirius takes a step back. Regulus? How did Regulus even know what he was up to? More importantly, why was Regulus the one who helped Remus to realize? Right surname, wrong brother. Sirius tries not to take offense, but it does sting a bit. "I thought it wasn't the clothes," Sirius says, shuffling his feet nervously. "I thought it was my mind. When I was tutoring-" "You were brilliant," Remus reassures him quickly. "That's what made me really pay attention. But, now that I think about it, the tweed was a nice touch. And the cigar. And the newspaper. I may or may not have a fetish." Sirius finds his confidence again. He no longer has to play his part. Remus loves his mind. The look and everything else are just bonuses. He can be himself again. Sirius leans closer, placing his palm against the wall behind Remus, cornering the other boy. "You know, fetishes have a place," he says smoothly. "Where's that?" Remus asks, rolling his eyes. "Same place you belong. In my bed." "Professor Padfoot, how bold of you," Remus laughs. "Let me slip into something tweed, and I can show just how bold I am." Remus presses closer to him, and Sirius loses his control. He kisses Remus hungrily, grateful that he no longer has to keep up an appearance. "Maybe not out in the open," Remus murmurs. "A certain look is enough of a fetish. Let's not add exhibitionism to it." … James still feels giddy as he and Lily return to the common room later that night. He's not an expert on reading her emotions, but he'd guess that the night went pretty well. "Still wonder where Remus and Sirius disappeared to," Lily says. James shrugs. "I don't mind. At least I got to spend time with you." Lily grins, pushing him gently. "I'd almost think that you three planned it," she laughs. "We'll have to get together again. Soon," James suggests. Lily starts to answer but quickly stops, her eyes focusing on something on the stairs. James follows her gaze, surprised to find Peter sitting there, looking thoroughly miserable. "I'm scared to go back up there," Peter mutters. "I can't unsee it." James and Lily exchange looks. "I should go check," he suggests. "I'll make sure Peter is okay," she agrees. James opens the door to their dormitory and steps inside. He smells sweat and cigar smoke, and he understands. One quick glance at Sirius' bed is all the confirmation he needs. Sirius is sprawled out, and James suspects that he's wearing nothing else but that tweed jacket. Remus curls up beside him, his head resting on Sirius' chest, eyes closed. Both wear tired, satisfied grins, even as they sleep. James ducks outside again, laughing. "They're done," he assures Peter. "Evans, I'd invite you up, but there are some things that a woman shouldn't see. Hell, I wish I hadn't seen it." "Agreed," Peter mutters, shaking his head. James snorts and kisses Lily on the cheek. "Until next time." As he returns to his dormitory and crawls into bed, James smiles to himself. When Sirius first told him the plan, James thought it was just a laugh. Nothing would ever come from it. He's not upset to be proven wrong. Thanks to one giant misunderstanding and one big mess, Sirius got the boy, and James got the girl. Still grinning, he closes his eyes. Maybe this was a better idea than any of them could have ever thought possible.