as tipsy as he was, he might have backed up and listened. As it stood, he instead got closer, nose to nose with Harry. "What are you goi—" He never finished his statement as Harry twisted around, grabbing the man by the arm he'd been lifting and flipping him over his shoulder to toss him ungracefully onto the lawn. Dispersing people who'd gathered around and were now chanting for a fight. That is until they caught sight of the scar that had been hidden, but from his movement had cause his hair to shift, revealing the scar on his head. "That's Harry Potter." "That bloke tried to step up to Potter." "Holy shit man." Daphne watched as Harry became mildly self-conscious, moving his hair once again to cover his scar as the boy he'd thrown stood slowly, his friends helping guide him away. She had to admit, he'd gotten everyone to leave her alone, though that was because they were now focused on him and about to mob him for pictures and autographs as they'd done her. And while she was at least mildly used to it from her Instagram fame, and stints as a model. She knew he was not. He may have been trained by his father and mother to be prepared, that did not make him prepared. The real thing was a totally different animal. She also knew, they'd soon put two, and two together that Potter was protecting Greengrass, and then they'd have even more problems and attention. Moving quickly, she walked up, linking arms with the bewildered celebrity and pulled him deep into the pulsating crowd and towards the middle of the dance floor. Pulling him in front of her and then stepping close to him, almost between his legs as they began to dance. "So, you don't like people in your face hhmm? Am I too close?" She questioned as she stepped a little bit closer with a challenging smirk upon her face. Keeping enough of a distance that she wasn't really crowding him, but still close enough to joke. Enjoying the way his eyes slightly lit up as he stayed planted, not backing away from her at all. "I don't mind pretty people near me. But the ugly ones with bad breath, they've just got to go." "Ah. So I'm pretty then am I?" "I thought we'd established that earlier when you found out I follow your Instagram and my favorite pictures are of you in that blue bikini. Second would certainly be that black dress you wore two winters ago." Her eyes sparkled with the new information. "I don't think you'd said they were your favorite. But it's good to know that they are." "I don't know that I like that gleam in your eye." "Oh Mr. Potter. I'm sure you will certainly enjoy that gleam and what it might entail. Now shut up, and dance." So they did. They danced through six songs before people started realizing just who was dancing together next to them. Though the two young college students didn't realize that. They were lost in the other's eyes at the moment and moving closer and closer together. Closer they danced, and slowly their faces inched closer, and closer. Thoughts racing through each of their heads. 'Should I do this. If I do I'll certainly never hear the end of it from Tracey. And the news is going to have a field day… dad might also freak. But he's just too cute. One kiss won't hurt. If I'm quick enough.' 'She's so pretty. Sirius was right, girls are amazing. Just one kiss can't hurt right?... mom said be careful with girls, but… she's safe right? She's going to be my roommate so maybe I shouldn't… Maybe I should.' Their lips had barely touched when flashing light of a camera erupted around them. "Potter and Greengrass are kissing!" Was shouted and before either could react, phones were going off all around them, pictures being taken and questions and comments thrown around. "Are you two dating!?" "Harry Potter just kissed Daphne Greengrass! My life is complete!" "Oh my God! They kissed!" "Did you just meet or have you guys known each other?" Soon they were beginning to be crowded by everyone around them, both trying to find an escape route and failing to find one. Suddenly Draco appeared in front of Harry, Hermione in front of Daphne with Tracey and Draco taking up behind them. "Alright! Out of the way. Now!" Draco's commanding voice caused those closest to scatter back and split like the red sea. But only momentarily. Because upon realizing this was Draco Malfoy and he'd been with Hermione Granger, both known friends of the others, even more pictures erupted and conversation's restarting. "Hermione Granger is with Draco Malfoy! Oh My God!" "Ah fuck me mate. Can't they shut up?" Draco's annoyance with the crowd caused Harry to stifle a chuckle. Harry also noted the rosy tint of Draco and Hermione's cheeks and figured they'd both had several drinks from the punch as Harry and Daphne had. "Looks like you're in the same boat I'm in. You almost helped, now though I think you've made things worse." "Everyone. MOVE!" Everything froze and silence ensued across the field. Even the Weird sisters pausing in their set. "I said, MOVE!" A massive split in the crowd appeared as Blaise's sister Imelda stepped forward. "This way you three. Way to botch opening night. Come on. Back to Slytherin dorms. We're going to get some water into you. Let's go. Girls, you too. Come on." "Imelda I can handle my—" "Potter. Move it. I know your mother, and your father. If you know what's good for you, you'll listen to me. Now let's move." Like berated children the six freshman made their past their savior from the crowd and towards Slytherin dorms. None of them missing all the flashes going on behind them. Harry cursing, knowing he'd probably just lost that bet. /-/-/