that? With me possibly dating Malfoy?" Silence met his ears and Harry swallowed nervously, hearing Hermione huff a sigh at the other end. "Oh, Harry. If you're happy then we'd accept anyone, even him. Ron even said, not that he'll admit to it, that he'd even accept Snape if it'd make you happy." Grimacing, Harry shook his head, pushing aside disturbing thoughts of their school Potions teacher. "No thanks. I think I'll stick to Draco." "So how will you do it? Are you going to go to his Manor? Does he even still live there? I feel so out the loop being away from London…" Impatient chatter covered her voice and Harry moved the phone from his ear for a moment until the din cleared. "Sorry about that Harry, it seems we're due to go to dinner and Ron's getting rowdy. I'd let him speak to you but he still yells down these things and I'm sparing your ears. I'm going to go now, call me after you speak to Malfoy and let me know how it goes." Picking up how harried Hermione was beginning to sound, Harry decided to tell her about his 'activities' later. " 'kay, I'll speak to you soon." "Bye, Harry." Sighing, Harry dropped the phone once the dial tone met his ears, turning back to his mixture and stirring it once more. Turning on the hob and prepping then heating up his pan, Harry poured the batter in, grabbing the spatula off the side in preparation. Licking at his bitten lip, Harry startled as lean arms wrapped round his waist and warm lips pressed against his neck. "Who was on the phine?" Chuckling as Draco squeezed him lightly; Harry leant back into the embrace enjoying the contact he hadn't had in a long time. "Phone, Draco. Not phine. If you really want to know, it was Hermione. She was checking up on me." He tended to the food in front of him as warm lips trailed up to his ear and pressed a kiss there. "Are you a child Harry? Is Grainger your new mother?" Harry shivered as the blond licked at his neck, hands rubbing circles across his stomach, distracting him from his task. Groaning, he pushed the hands away, pointing the blond to the table and finishing off the food. "I'm not a child and Hermione is not my mother. She just thinks I'm lonely, in need of someone in my life, that's all." Silver eyes met his, the softness from the morning after almost gone. "Need someone, huh? What would they think if they found out about last night?" Harry shrugged, sitting at the table and pilling food onto his plate. "I told them how I felt years ago and shocking as it may be, 'Mione was just telling me that maybe I should see if you'd be willing to date me. Apparently even Ron agreed." A pale eyebrow rose elegantly and Harry watched Draco take some pancakes for himself, appearing unfazed by the unusual acceptance. "So? Are we? Dating, I mean?" Harry stilled at the casually asked question, sucking on his bitten lip nervously. "Er, I…" He could feel his face heat with a flush as Draco paused in his eating to focus completely on him. "I'd like to." He admitted, watching silver eyes flicker and a wide grin split the blond's usually composed face. Grinning himself, as Draco tried to hide the rare grin by resting his head in his hand, Harry continued eating. "Okay. No cheating on me then Potter. I only have one lover at a time and I expect the same curtesy from you." Harry paused, swallowing his mouthful and resting his chin on his spare hand. "I have never cheated on anyone…" A pale hand rose in a silent request to speak and Harry conceded, feeling a small pang of loss at the disappearance of the blond's grin. "I didn't mean to imply anything of the sort Harry. I…" Draco ran a hand through his hair in exasperation. "I, I'm… I'm sorry." Sighing, unused to the dejected look now being sent his way, Harry shifted to lean across the small table. "It's okay. I should have known you didn't mean it. You make most things sound nasty. Even your compliments sound sarcastic half the time." Tilting the other's chin up with one hand and resting the other in a free space on the table for support, Harry leant close. "I forgive you." He whispered, sealing the deal with a sweet kiss. The tension eased from the other swiftly, pressing back just as lightly and slim hands gripping the sides of Harry's face to keep him close. Chuckling, Harry pried free, moving back to his seat and grinning at the pouting man opposite him. "We're going to have to work at this." "I know." Hoping to cheer him up, they were in this together after all, Harry reached across the space. He linked their hands together, pulling them close and pressing a kiss to the back of Draco's hand. A light flush crept across pale cheeks and Harry grinned, resting their joined hands on the table and returning to his meal. Glancing at the joined palms as he ate, Harry laughed softly to himself, his left hand gripping Draco's right leaving both their dominant hands free to use. How lucky to have a left handed lover, he mused. They finished quickly, Harry reluctantly letting go of Draco's hand and dumping his dishes in the sink despite Hermione's constant nagging to wash them right away to prevent dirt sticking or some such thing. His lover lingered around the table, watching silently and absently petting his cat that had leapt onto the table and was nuzzling his cheek. Stilling and taking in the sight, Harry smiled contently, wondering absently what any of their classmates would say about the domestic scene before him… Harry himself, merely wished he had a camera, hoping this scene would be the first of many.