thought I would stay for Remus Lupin, after all, he was my dad's friend, right? Nope. He's a brilliant teacher, I would give him that but when you realize, he had over a decade to make sure, I was all alright even if it was briefly, make's the nickname 'pup' he's taken to calling me, all that more unsettling, you can't help but see the man in a less than ideal light. And the whole 'having time to deal' with the grief of losing somebody near to you, has been done so many time's, that it's commercial. Did it ever occurred to him, that I had lost my parents who were also his best friend's and I would, need somebody like him in my life? Apparently, no. Maybe, Molly Weasley? No. Yes, she is like a mother to me but I don't need somebody who will tell me what I can and can not do. I do not need somebody who would make all the decision for me and drag me to, who knows were, with the rest of her family. I know she wants me to marry Ginny, everybody does, but can you imagine marrying a girl who apparently looks like your dead or living mother? Wouldn't that make you shudder? Maybe, my friends? Surprisingly, no. Sorry Ron, but you're an idiot and an asshole. What kind of person gets jealous of their friend, who was forced to compete in a Tournament that was likely to kill them? Did you, honestly think I would really accept, such a half-baked apology? And Hermione here's a new assignment...learn about people, as people and not just words on a page because, the amount of time's, you were 'tone-deaf' to those around you, is more than enough to raise alarm. Book's, can only get you so far in life and understanding people would get you the rest of the way. Maybe, I would stay for the school sake? Are you joking? I still remember those badges that Malfoy happily handed out like candy when my name came out of the cup, and I still remember how the whole school did a one-eighty when I survived the first round. How about the rest of the Wizarding World, surely, I would care about them? That would be a big fat no. I wouldn't even call those people, people, they are what you call 'sheep'. They believe whatever the Prophet tells them to, without actually meeting me for themselves, if the paper says I'm a arrogant and attention seeking brat, then I would expect to be treated like the plague by those around me. But if the paper say's I'm just an innocent boy, thrust into a world of madness, I would be treated like a Hero again. If this happened to you, would you fight for those, people? So, with nothing to hold me down, I've left, long before the first paper is read, and I advise other's, to do the same, especially Muggleborn's. Because here are the lies the Wizard World want you to believe. 'The government is fair.' This is in fact, not true, in reality any Pureblood with enough money could buy their way out of anything, even if they are a proven to be Death Eater. If your position of power is high enough, you are basically god and can throw any innocent person in the cruelest Prision on Earth, just because you don't like them. 'Hogwarts's has the best education in Britain.' Yes, but what the Teacher's don't tell you, is that Hogwarts is the only Magical school in Britain, if the education was compared to other magical school all around the world, it's actually in last place. So basically, you're paying high intuition fees to go to a school with the worst magical education in the whole entire world, isn't that something your parents will be feeling in their wallets when you graduate? 'Hogwarts is the safest place in Britain.' This is also a lie, just remember the Troll in my first year, how can something so large be allowed to come near a school full of children, unnoticed to the point, it just casually strolled in? The Troll wasn't exactly running when it was spotted. 'You'll have a bright future when you graduate' Ask yourself this. Are you a Pureblood? If the answer is yes, then, this true for you. But if you're a Half-blood, Muggleborn or god forbid, have creature's blood in you, then started catching up on the year's, you've missed in the Muggle school because I guarantee you that most of you, will end up there because nobody would want to hire you, just for your blood. So, don't both about grades, they are useless in the face of Pureblood Propaganda. 'Every Teacher employed, is the best in their fields' Hm...who was the idiot who said this? Just how many teachers have almost killed me or another student, because of their lack of common sense? 'Everything is fine' Again, I refer to the end of my first year. Isn't it supposed to be the job of full grown, capable adult's, to bring down a charging Troll and not one eleven-year-old kid who was still green around the ears? Again, I ask you. Would you fight for a world like this, so, why should I? Silence. Nobody said anything as many people just stared blankly into space, nobody even noticed Amelia Bones followed by a squad of Auror's walk in, stun a headful of people including the Headmaster and one Potion Master, before levitating them out of the hall. They were all still reeling from the shock. Harry Potter was gone. . So, who was going to save them now? And scene! Please, tell what you think. Also, you'll be surprised to find out, I'm doing a week full of updates soon, which include old stories as well, like 'The Mogami Soccer Child' and 'Serpentine', so look forward to that because I'm almost done. Please, review!