"We don't need to hurt anyone," says one of them. Vaguely familiar. "We just need to ask Mr. Longbottom a few questions ab-" And, weirdly, it's Parvati who moves first, stepping in front of Neville and Stunning the first Death Eater. Then it's one down, six to go, and Neville takes off running. The Carrows go after Neville. The rest stay fighting Seamus and Lavender and Parvati. It's a decently long fight, only ends when Snape gets there and puts them in Body-Bind curses. They get searched in the Great Hall. They get taken to the dungeons and beat on a bit. But Neville escapes. He and Hannah and Michael Corner go on a mission that night and Michael runs out of their hiding spot and gets himself caught. Seamus and Hannah move tail back to their Houses. They leave Michael to his fate. And what a fate it is. Seamus almost cries at some point. Has to lean against a wall and close his eyes. It's partly his fault and he's totally aware of that. Fuck it. He and Anthony Goldstein are the next kids who need to run to the Room of Requirement. Then Lavender, Parvati, Padma, Hannah. Then the DA starts avalanching in. They have to, really. It's not safe anymore, out there. (It won't be safe at Hogwarts, he'd told his mam, back in August. God, if his mother could see him now.) There's a fifth year who wakes up screaming at night. There's a sixth year who rarely talks, just stares, stares, stares. Seamus cracks jokes and grins and pretends that nothing is wrong, nothing is wrong. ·¤· Neville says he thinks Harry Potter is gonna come back to Hogwarts. Seamus tells him in no uncertain terms that there's no chance in hell of that happening. Neville gets miffed and tells him that they'll just have to wait and see who's right. Of course, given Seamus's penchant for being totally wrong and, furthermore, an idiot, it shouldn't be surprising that Harry Potter does come back to Hogwarts. Seamus glances at Lavender, who looks smug, since she'd believed Neville all along. (Of course she had. Lavender has an uncanny sense for things, sometimes. Almost like she can predict things. And she's always right. Seamus, well, isn't.) Harry is skinnier and taller and a whole lot dirtier than he'd been the last time Seamus saw him. Covered in burns and shit. Great. Ron and Hermione have fared better, but not by much. They tell them they need something. They need to find something and then they'll take off again. Hell hell hell. It's not that Seamus is a little bitter that they haven't been stuck in this fucking castle getting their arses tortured off every week for months the way the DA has. It's that Neville had talked about Harry coming back as though Harry would come back and help them get out of the school and maybe hex Alecto and Amycus silly on the way out. Obviously, that's not what Harry's planning. But then the door opens and it's Luna and then it opens a bit more and it's Dean . Seamus could have kissed him; as it is, he just lets out a sound - half a laugh, half a sob, and coming out more as a weird yelp - and throws himself through the little crowd gathering around Luna and hugs Dean with so much force that they almost fall over. Dean laughs delightedly. "Seamus!" "Dean!" They don't have anything else to say to each other, really. Dean's holding Seamus's shoulders and looking at him. They're both beaming. Beaming beaming beaming. "You look like shit, mate," says Dean. Seamus could have cried. He laughs instead. ·¤· They're fighting at midnight and Dean doesn't have a wand. "I can throw punches," says Dean. "They'll never see it coming." "Like hell," says Seamus. "You stay here, I'll go find someone to Disarm." They move fast. They get separated. Seamus tells himself it's temporary. He'll see Dean again soon. Very soon. Very, very soon. Seamus has a burn on his arm and a cut on his leg when the ceasefire is called, and he's breathing heavily and almost crying, because he watched Kevin Whitby's head jerked too far to one side just a moment ago and Kevin Whitby is fourteen, maybe fifteen. Whichever. Too young. They make their way to the Great Hall. Seamus walks through the middle and stops. It's Lavender. Bloody and battered, her chest a gory mess. He kneels next to her. He can tell he's getting a bit hysterical. He leaves when Hannah and Tracey Davis get there, because he's not helping and he knows it. And Dean is here, standing with Ginny and staring at the rows of bodies. Seamus half limps, half jogs over to see. He calls Dean's name; Dean turns around, looking utterly lost. They don't say too much. They can't, really. ·¤· He loses sight of Dean when the battle restarts, because he turns on his heel and races after the Death Eaters running into the Great Hall. (The injured, the dead, he can't let them be attacked. It isn't right.) He finds him again when Harry Potter comes back to life. Nobody's breathing, in that moment, but Harry and You-Know-Who. It's at the crack of dawn that they all breathe again. It's not really a breath so much as a gasp. Harry gets swarmed by what looks like the whole population of Wizarding Britain. Seamus turns to Dean in the crowd and hugs him. They still can't say very much. Nothing that would mean anything, anyway. Lavender will live, they say. The Healers arrive as a massive group, Apparating people to the hospital, staying at the castle to treat everyone hurt too badly to Apparate. Peeves bounces through the Great Hall yelling. There's food, and Seamus realises suddenly how hungry he is. Life goes on, he supposes, though he really doesn't think it should. Not this way.