"Ah, in the time that you've been gone, Aurora, Professor Quirrell is now the teacher for Defense Against the Dark Arts and Professor Burbage will begin teaching Muggle Studies starting in the new term next month. Also, this course is designed to be different than that of Muggle Studies. We're looking for someone who has had more contact with the world of Muggles than those who have had more interaction with the Wizarding World." "Is this because I'm Muggle-born, sir?" "Absolutely not, my dear. Actually, we first thought of you because of your Outstanding score in all your courses, especially Muggle Studies, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, Ancient Studies, and History of Magic. Your background in understanding the historical aspect of both the Muggle and Wizarding World is what intrigued us to choose you." "Hmm, alright. But what about the second course, the new Potions? Is Professor Snape still teaching?" An electric shiver shot through Aurora's spine at the mention of the Potion Master's name; an image of her old friend, and professor, formed in her mind, and she had to mentally shove the image away to focus on the current situation and the conversation at hand. "Yes, Severus is still teaching Potions, but he is the only Potions Master we have, so he teaches the course for all seven years. This new course would be specific for medicinal uses, and would be beneficial for any student considering becoming a Healer, or wanting a background in the power of healing. You, my dear, are almost at the level of a Potions Mistress and you have personally worked as a Healer at St. Mungo's. Need I say more?" Sweeping several loose strands of hair out of her face, Aurora tilted her head and an airless laugh escaped her opened lips. "I guess, not Headmaster." Her voice slowly drifted away as she finished her sentence, and Albus had to told his head as he continued to peer at her through his half-moon shaped spectacles. "Headmaster, I…" Straightening her back in the chair, Aurora pulled the tail of her hair around her shoulder and twirled the ends of hair in-between her fingertips, a technique she had formed during her early years at Hogwarts. "There's still something I do not understand. Why me? I graduated Hogwarts ten years ago, surely there must be someone out there who, not only has more experience with teaching students, but in the suggested fields as well." Leaning back in his own chair, the Headmaster examined the former student was great curiosity and genuineness. Her personality was one her remembered well; she was always doubting her abilities, but proved herself nonetheless in all her classes. She was the only student in the history of Hogwarts to achieve the highest grade for all the classes she took within her seven years as a student. Albus knew that Aurora was beyond bright, and intelligent, but the girl just didn't understand how special she was. When he finally did speak, it was with a gently, fatherly voice that almost brought tears to the witch's eyes. "Aurora, we chose you because the staff here at school believe that you have the capability to teach the students these subjects. The offer is on the table, but the decision is completely yours." Sitting still within her chair, Aurora kept her eyes on Albus for several moments before swiftly gazing across the all-too-familiar office. If she said yes, she would return to the school that had brought her joy, but also great pain. Hogwarts was a place where she experienced the oncoming's of death, loss, and love; but even after leaving the school, the witch knew that she also wanted to explore the world of knowledge and have the opportunity to give students the potential to learn what she did. She always wanted to teach, and Albus was proposing the best offer to do so. But something inside shadowed and questions the answer she already confirmed. Was it the right decision? Was she ready to face those from her past? If so, did she have the courage to stand up to the pain? Deep within her chest, Aurora's heart beat to a fast rhythm as a familiar face swallowed by long curtains of ebony hair materialized in her mind. Internally, Aurora reached out and saw the seventh-year student she had been; she sat within her Potions class and saw the professor who she had believed to be her friend. Rapidly blinking her eyes to distill the sudden onslaught of tears, Aurora smiled and looked directly at Albus, who waited patiently as ever, blinked when their eyes met. "Albus, I would like to gratefully –" But there was a sudden knock on the door, and the old wood creaked as another individual stepped inside the office. "Headmaster, I apologize for the disturbance, but if I may…" Turning in her seat, Aurora couldn't believe the voice that spoke; her heart pounded against her ribcage, sweat caused her palms to become slick, and the witch could feel her breathing quickened, as it used to all those years ago. Before her stood the individual who she had considered her friend, who ultimately became her professor during the last year she was a student in the castle. Obsidian orbs locked onto her ocean blue eyes and widened slightly before returning to normal; but Aurora had noticed the difference and swallowed the lump in her throat. When she spoke, her voice was barely a whisper, but it echoed across the deadly silenced that had enveloped the room. "Severus…" ~ oOo ~ I would greatly appreciate any and all reviews, favs, follows and comments. Please tell me what you think, if you have any suggestions, or corrections on any grammatical mistakes I may have missed. I work very hard to develop a thought-out plotline for all my stories as it's my hobby, as well as something I am passionate about. I love to hear from people and gain their perspectives! Until next time! Chocobocolina :3