wrong. Too pale, too smooth, too fucking young. His hair was more brown than black, and his eyes. Gone were the familiar sharp green eyes he had once abhorred, then treasured because of their connection with his mother. In their place, two soft grey ones pierced him. Harry's jaw clenched, his hands tightened around the edges of the basin, and his magic crackled around him as his emotions erupted. "What the fuck is going on?" He whispered, reaching up to touch a cheek that did not belong to him. He felt the smooth skin of a boy that had never shaved, felt the underdeveloped jawline, the straight, almost feminine nose. He wrenched his hand away in disgust, because this was not him. There was no stubble, no glasses, no untameable hair and – he glanced up – no scar. This was not Harry Potter staring back at him. This was…someone else. He stepped away from the mirror, turning his back on the wrong reflection and closing his eyes. He pressed his hands to his face and tried to steady his breathing. Calm down. Calm down. Clearly something's gone wrong. This has to be a dream. There's no way this is possible. Think, Potter. What happened? Harry slowed his breathing, casting his mind back. He had been on a case with Ron. They had found Summers. There was a chase, they got separated. He had followed Summers to the roof – His eyes snapped open. The roof. It had rocked him at the time, but he was positive that that roof was the same one from his dream. The one the boy had jumped off of. Idiot. He thought. Never let yourself get distracted on the job. Fucking hell, no wonder he got the jump on me. They had fought, and then… The gutter dipping, the screech of metal, the rush of wind in his ear. "I fell." He finished hollowly. That was right. The gutter had given out, and he had dropped. But that did not explain why he was as he was. Why was he in a child's body? A boy that could hardly be more than fourteen? Harry exited the bathroom, took two steps, and promptly tripped over his own feet. He stumbled into the bed, a fierce scowl appearing on his face as he stared down at his - considerably shorter - legs. He huffed, and leaned heavily against the bed, glancing around the room once more. His eyes landed on the clipboard at the end of the bed, and he reached out to pluck it from its place. Name: Nathan Ciro D.O.B: 17 March, 1927 Underneath were a list of simple observations, temperature, blood pressure, and more. Yet Harry's eyes had trouble moving past the date of birth. The 17th of March, 1927. 1927. He lowered the clipboard, staring blankly at the opposite wall. 1927…how is that even possible? He'd have to be at least seventy-two by now. He did not like this at all. Harry moved to stand, and as he did his foot brushed against something. He looked down and saw another file sitting on the floor. He scooped it up and started flicking through it, realising almost immediately that it was about him – or rather, the kid who's body he was in. The list of injuries he found had his eyebrows raising. Broken bones. Torn tendons. A shattered wrist. Swelling in the brain. It just went on. The most eye-catching one though was the coma. Three-months, completely unresponsive. Harry flipped to the last page, breezing over the short hand-written notes, and coming to a stop on one in particular. Patient suffered from a severe fall, but showed signs of sexual assault… Harry snapped it closed, dropping it beside the clipboard and taking a deep breath. This could not be happening. He pressed his hands on the soft mattress when they began shaking minutely, willing it to stop. His mind was in chaos. He bit his lip, pushing through the confusion and fear and multitude of other emotions, and focussed on what was important. First thing first. He looked down at his – Nathan's – hands and clenched them repeatedly. They moved on his command, without a hint of pain. He slowly started stretching, noting the lack of injury – not even the slightest twinge. Whatever these healers had done, they had done it well. Harry looked back at the documents, eyes inevitably landing on the damning date of birth again. This made absolutely no sense, but the documents were screaming facts at him. A young boy, who was assaulted, and then suffered from a fall from a great height? Harry did not believe in coincidences. This was too specific, too many connections were being drawn. What were the chances that he would have a dream about a situation similar to what this boy faced, and then wake up in his body. He looked down at his hands again, studying the delicate things critically. Now that his mind was kicking into overdrive, his panic began to ebb away. He had no earthly idea what had happened to him, if this was just another intense, disturbing dream, or if this was really happening. All he knew is that, as of right now, he had no choice but to play along with whatever happened, until he figured out a way to fix this. Whatever this was. His head snapped up when he heard the door to his room open. A young woman entered, worry etched into her pretty features. Their eyes locked, and she froze just on the threshold. Harry raised an eyebrow at her. She promptly dashed from the room, shouting for a healer. He sighed deeply, taking a seat back on the bed and forced himself to wait for her to return. Maybe then he could finally start getting some answers. So that happened haha. Not sure when the next update will be, but let me know what you guys think so far~