this was the first person she'd touched other than Ron in months. "Right," she said with her eyes on the pavement, her lips barely moving as she spoke. "What were you saying about musicians?" She'd had to end her conversation after a few minutes, afraid she would forget why she left the house in the first place. It was also in part because of how the in-denial magic man had overstepped his boundaries, perhaps inevitably so. After setting a paper bag on the kitchen counter, she found Ron sitting at the piano, playing a familiar tune. Gloomy Sunday. No, he was definitely not okay . She'd heard him play the tune a couple months after his older brother Fred passed away. He played it when he couldn't fall asleep. He'd play it whenever he felt lonely. And he played it. All. The time. Her heart sunk at the thought - at how many times she'd allowed him to feel down. She tried to help, sure, but he would never let her. "Angels have no thought of ever returning you," she sang along as she wrapped her arms around his shoulders from behind. "Would they be angry if I thought of joining you?" Ron looked behind his shoulder and smiled at her. He struggled, as though the corners of his mouth were heavy. "A bit off-key, but I'll take it," he said, palming his face and yawning. "Shut up." She laughed and lightly hit his shoulder before sitting down on the piano bench. He gave her his right hand, and his left kept playing. "I'm sorry I took so long," she said, curling her fingers around his. "There was this street magician, and I stopped to look. Wish I hadn't though. He wasn't very good." "Oh, don't worry." He tapped away mindlessly at the ivory. "I almost didn't notice." "But...you did notice?" Hermione wanted slap herself across the face as soon as the words had left her mouth. The music stopped. He looked at her. He looked hurt. "Hermione, of course I noticed. " His voice came out in almost a whisper, and held her face again. She let out a breath of...relief, maybe? No, not relief. Not quite. She was uneasy. Something was clearly taking him over, and, as it pulled at his strings and clawed at his skin, it kept a hold on her heart. She was about to tell him she loved him—loved him so much it hurt sometimes—but a moment before she opened her mouth, he spoke. "Listen, what do you think about having dinner with the Potters on Saturday?" She felt her face light up, and resisted the urge to blurt out "'YES.' Yes yes yes yes yes. "Oh, Ron, I'd love that," she said dreamily. "I haven't seen Harry in ages. Ginny, either." Harry was an old friend of theirs. The only friend of theirs. Ron's parents had taken him in after his parents died, and Hermione lived a few doors down from the Weasleys. They were all practically siblings, which made it all the more strange that Harry ended up marrying Ron's sister. "Yeah, I talked to Harry at the office today. I hadn't even realised how long it's been." A lot of things had been going over Ron's head lately. Last week, he'd stayed up till morning listening to the radio. He hadn't had a clue until Hermione walked into the sitting room and pulled the curtains back. "Hm," she managed, only willing herself to stare at his hands. Even those massive, freckled, gentle hands were beginning to look tired lately. Use your words , she told herself, but nothing. She tried over and over again to think of something. "I looked at some of your old writing the other day." Thank god. She didn't have to. "Oh?" "Yeah, felt like reading, you know." "Sure." Hermione looked at those pale, beautifully ungraceful hands again. He'd stopped playing, but his free hand was drumming against the keys. Not pushing. "They're all in strange keys." That was true. She didn't have a book saved for B minor compositions, after all. She'd never bothered. "Well, yeah, " she said, pursing her lips and looking down at her lap, then him. "What of it?" "It's just...you could write something in C major. Something not so difficult. It could be just as lovely as anything else you've written." His hands stilled now, and he looked at her. "Ron," she said, slumping her shoulders and grabbing his hand insistingly. "Why does it bother you so much?" His eyes trailed away from her again. "Why do you always make things harder than they need to be, Hermione?" He softly, slowly, shakily pushed down on three keys until a C chord came out. "Don't you ever worry you're wasting your time?" As she tried to answer, Hermione thought back to something that blonde man had said, something that'd made her want to run away - run home to her beaten, bruised viola and beat and bruise it a bit more. "What were you saying about musicians?" she'd asked. "They're liars, too. The best of 'em." "You really think that?" "I know that. They like to tell people - like to tell themselves, that what they do is art, but they're really just wasting their lives away making noise." "I've...got to go." "I suppose I like to challenge myself." Her eyebrows were raised, but her expression was concerned. "It's more... fun that way." He shook his head with a half-hearted smile. "Is that why you married me?" The words cut into her furiously, each one taking a turn stabbing her before courteously handing the blade to the next in line. She told herself he'd been joking, but she had an aching sense that he hadn't been. "Ron," she chuckled anxiously. "Don't be stupid." She waited for him to say that she was right, or to argue his point, or even to return her nervous laugh. He was silent. beta-read by distant millennial