HethPeth: She didn't, but you believed me for a second there now didn't cha. Albus: You could just hand me over hat weedwhacker right now and it would teach the kids all a lesson that you don't have to work for anything if your dad is cool enough. HethPeth: Bro, this is mine. Get over it. Albus: lol, I didn't even want to win this anyways I was just seeing if I could cause you know why not lol. HethPeth: Dope shiz cuz. Now buzz off a bit ya misty wunker. And then HethPeth turned on the weedwhacker and gave a celebratory and cartoonishly large and excessive big old swing. But. He, nor Albus, didn't notice The Diggs standing there in front of the shrubbery inspecting it for unknown reasons. The Diggs was sliced across the face and fell to the ground. (Narrator tries to google and see if you can die from this but ends up binge watching idiots hurt themselves on YouTube for 2 hours.) His face was gushing with blood and his breathing was heavy and sporadic. He manages to spit out a few words. "So where's the Lady with the bad tooth." "What?!" Responded Albus in shock. "You'll get it in about four years." Stammered The Diggs. "Huh huh huh. Yeah." He continued. And then stopped. And then everything stopped. Time itself seemed to freeze as all the blood flow from his body stopped and The Diggs' big ol' heart grew physically cold. MaVarkus "The Diggs" Diggler has been pronounced dead. May he Rest In Peace. But by request it will not on say that on his gravestone so he will be drafted into the skeleton war. But that's a story for a later date (maybe). Chapter 10: The Diggs' Funeral. Albus Potter (who else would it be) courageously stepped forward to deliver the eulogy. Right after the crowd all sang the Harry Potter song. *insert lyrics to the Harry Potter song* "Well, just when we thought the Tournaments couldn't go on without a death, eh. Just wish it was the Hufflepuff again. POW! Got heeem. Anyways. It's an unfortunate tradition that a close friend of a Potter with a last name that starts with Digg- dying in one of these and as much as I wish it weren't so. It unfortunately do be so. I wish he had a chance to grow up, live life, have a nice job, some dope lizards and a good base of family and friends. It's a crying shame it had to have been done so soon because of writers block—I mean a tragic weedwhacker accident. I wish it wasn't in the plans for the first book for The Diggs to die before the Narrator got too sidetracked doing other things with the story but I don't care. That's not the point. We are gathered here today to celebrate the life lived by one of wizardkind's stranger souls. The Diggs liked feeling the skin of fruit against the skin of himself, he liked using a used shoe as a container for condiments and dipping sauce, he'd lay on top of a tv when he got bored, he loved to sit on door handles. He somehow always woke up with a perfect flat top hairstyle. He was oddly into the musical stylings of Hillary Duff and always carried around a dead fish named Arrenol'd with him. I'm sure him and Arrenol'd will have a fun time in the afterlife. The #SQUaD and I are devastated as you can imagine. In fact #SQUaD was supposed to be an acronym of all our names until Poo-Poo messed it up, so I guess we're #SQUa now, we're all missing the d in us. And yes he would want that to be taken sexually. Like his d. But I'll remain forever grateful for the memories that we were fortunate enough to have on this earth. I'll leave you all with these lyrics from our very own Kanye West. "Memories don't live like people do They always 'member you Whether things are good or bad It's just the memories that you have" Thank you. *snapping of approval* Chapter Elven: A Few Words From The Narrator/Epilouge/Thank You's/Apology That You Don't Deserve. Shoutout to you if you made it this far. Seriously, I mean it. This story is just straight trash that went on for far too long and is literally twice as long as its prequel. While your here I'd like to shoutout a few other things really. This is still my story and I'll still do what I want. First of all, shoutout to Kanye West and Chance the Rapper for making great music that I jammed out to while writing this story through Summer '16. And I might as well shoutout the artists who have made my summer even better this year so Shoutout to: Tyler, the Creator, Lorde, Vince Staples, Calvin Harris, Joywave, Portugal. The Man., and especially the boys at BROCKHAMPTON. Please support these artists they deserve it. I'd also like to shoutout Eric Andre and Brandon Wardell for being comedic influences that seeped through into some parts of the story, even though there weren't many direct references, I did go to y'all for inspiration when I got stuck and needed cheap comedic relief. Also, shoutout to the people who got all the inside jokes in this story, you know who you are. And finally, shoutout to me. Cause I dug deep into my mind to write this trash and I will praise myself for it for as long as I can. I'm a narcissistic alien doofwad. Anyways, if you hated or loved the story or have some constructive criticism or want to tell me to "Buzz Off" I'd be more than grateful if you'd drop a review down below. And as for plans for a three-quel. Don't get your hopes off. Signing off, Chad "The Narrator" Copenhagen. The End. Thanks for Reading. ~•Fin•~ Sex and bears. The end. Sent from my iPhone