his eye, due to the fact that they all contained the same characteristics. His pen-pal, on the other hand, was very… he didn't have a word for it. Fascinating? Interesting? Whatever the case, there was something unusual about her that captivated him. January 27th, 1995 Dear Bookworm, You're correct. Matters like that do not concern me at all. But since you specifically asked me, I will answer to the best of my ability. My girl-friend helped me out in this area, since she has dealt with a similar predicament. We believe that the consequences of informing him about your romantic feelings are clouding up your mind. You're not thinking about the possibility that he could feel the same. Look out for signs that indicate he reciprocates your feelings. Think of what traits or interests you share with him, and try to observe his better qualities. Not all men are perfect. You probably are not in love with him. It's most likely a passing fancy, I assume. Of course, it could transform into love, but I believe it will just vanish. I hope this response was sufficient enough. Again, I am not very good with handling problems, since I am a male, but I hope my friend's advice was good enough. Yours, Dexterous … A week or so flew by as Viktor and his unknown pen-pal sent letters back and forth. Viktor was typically a very private person, not giving out personal information so willingly. But as he read his pen-pal's letters, his respect for her blossomed, as well as his trust. She was not like any other girl. She was intellectual and unique, not like those brainless, dim-witted girls he had swarming around him in clusters. And then, Daniela asked the question that altered the way he felt about his pen-pal forever. She tactfully did not dive straightaway into the topic, instead opting to be subtle. She asked over breakfast, when the three friends were gulping down steaming porridge and hot cocoa. "Viktor, what happened with your pen-pal and her fancy? Did she write anything about how their relationship is progressing?" Viktor almost choked on his porridge. "No," he answered aggressively, "Why does it matter? That boy sounds like a zadnik if you ask me." Ivan glanced between Viktor and Daniela curiously, trying to pinpoint exactly what was going on. "Who's a zadnik ?" "Nothing," Viktor said brusquely, glaring at Daniela. "None of your business." "Why so defensive?" questioned Daniela innocently, "Testy much?" "I'm not being defensive. " Viktor pointedly turned his back on them, acutely aware that Ivan and Daniela were conferring behind him. "I know you're talking about me, and I don't care what you say." He wheeled around and caught them separating. Daniela was quick to say, "Oh, don't worry, we're not just talking about you ," and gave Ivan an inconspicuous wink when Viktor was not looking. … Viktor penned the next letter to Bookworm , his mind still analyzing the conversation during breakfast and the events taking place during the day. His two friends were abnormally secretive, sending each other covert looks whenever they thought Viktor wasn't watching. They'd barely spoken to him and evaded his questions. Something was amiss. Was—was it possible that Daniela and Ivan were dating? The signs were obvious. The looks, the hurried conversations, the secrecy— Yes, it was possible, but Viktor couldn't completely rule out all the other prospects. He recalled what Daniela had said during breakfast. " Oh, don't worry, we're not just talking about you ." So there was someone else involved. One of his professors, perhaps? No. His friends hadn't mentioned that. The only person they had discussed was— Bookworm. Oh no. They were conversing about her. Viktor stopped writing and threw down his quill with tremendous force. It bent, but he didn't care. No one talked about her. She was off-limits. … "Now, I expect all of you to behave. We are not here for a party, but merely to meet your partners. Once you familiarize yourself with them, you may explore the castle. There will be no horseplaying. Understand?" Ruskov glanced purposely at the boys lingering at the back. There was a collective murmur of assent from the students, who were crammed into the tiny entrance hall. "Line up, and I will give you the name of the person you are supposed to find." There was much jostling as everyone formed a single file line to receive the name of their partners. Viktor was close to the front, Ivan in front of him and Daniela behind him. Soon, it was Ivan's turn. " Harry Potter?!" he said disbelievingly, "The Boy-Who-Lived?" Daniela sniffed disdainfully. "Of course, he gets a famous person." "Move along," Ruskov chided them, "Now let's see, Viktor. You're paired with Hermione Granger." He echoed the name with some difficulty, with Daniela correcting him. "Move," Ruskov repeated briskly, and Viktor shuffled into the majestic hall in front of them. The hall was teeming with Hogwarts students, some tall, some short. Viktor searched among the crowd, looking for the girl that he had been writing to for the past few weeks. He approached a pretty girl with red hair. "Excuse me, but do you know a Herm-own-ninny?" he asked. "Hermione?" the girl asked, surprised, "Yes, she's my friend. Are you her pen-pal?" Viktor nodded. "She's right there." She pointed to a girl was speaking to a bespectacled boy with black hair. Viktor headed to the area she was talking about. He tapped Hermione on the shoulder. Hermione whipped around, startled, and blushed, and Viktor's jaw dropped. She was stunning. While he was ogling Hermione, the boy with glasses had somehow slipped away into the throng. … "He so fancies her. You have competition, mate," Harry informed his best friend as he arrived at his side. Ron scowled at the Durmstrang boy who was staring intently at Hermione and vice versa. "I know." He cracked his knuckles. That boy didn't know what he was up against.