mind. He had to concentrate on finding an alternative book that would allow him to scrape an A in the Potions practical. o0o That night, Remus dreamt that he was running through the forest, chasing Snape. Despite his pleas ("you can have the book, you can have it!"), Remus raised a huge paw and tore Snape's throat open. He woke right before the spray of hot blood hit his face. o0o "Yes." They had run into each other in the Great Hall, almost literally, and the word fell out of Remus' mouth out of its own accord. "Good," said Snape. "Meet me in the first-floor girls bathroom at six." Before Remus had time to protest (or to ask), Snape was gone, and Sirius and James were by his side. "What did Snivellus want?" asked Sirius. His eyes were narrowed, and Remus could smell the thrill of the fight on him. "Want to go after him, Prongs?" "Just leave it," said Remus before James could say anything. "It's not worth it." James let it go easily enough, but Sirius stayed restless throughout the afternoon. "He just gets on my nerves," he said at one point. "But why?" asked Remus, briefly glancing up from the chess board. He was playing against Peter, and he'd be damned if he lost. Sirius just gestured vaguely. "Because," he said, simply. o0o "I need a few things from you," Snape said. "For testing." Remus took a hesitant step forward. Despite Snape's assurances that nobody used that bathroom (and from the racket the resident ghost was making, wailing in a corner, Remus was beginning to see why), he still felt a little uneasy. "Well, come here," said Snape impatiently. "I'm not the one that bites." Hair, saliva, even urine; Remus gave it all without complaint. But when Snape demanded blood, he backed away "What do you even want it for?" he said. He held his hands out in front of him, as though warding off an evil spirit. "You could do all sorts of foul stuff with it." Snape clicked his tongue in annoyance. "I can do all sorts of foul stuff without it," he said. "And believe me, I will if you don't cooperate." Reluctantly, Remus held out his arm and looked away as Snape prodded him with a Muggle needle until he found the vein. "How much will you take?" "Half a pint," said Snape. "You can spare it." "What for?" asked Remus. "Experimentation." Remus raised his eyebrows. That must be why Snape melted three cauldrons every week. "You can go," Snape said, as he turned to the cauldron he had set on the toilet. "I'll have the first dose on Monday." o0o Remus took the potion dutifully for the whole week leading up to the full moon, making sure to do it out of his friends' sight. It tasted foul, and he repeatedly told Snape that it was burning a hole in his stomach lining, but Snape merely threw him a dispassionate glance and told him to drink every last drop. The transformation was horrifyingly painful, much worse than normal, but Remus decided that getting to keep his humanity and not having to worry about murdering anybody was worth it. Being a man in the body of a wolf was surprising. He saw mostly in greys, he could hear the leaves of the Whomping Willow rustling outside, and he could smell the remnants of a spilt potion on his discarded robes, but he could think rationally. "Did it work?" Snape's voice came from the other side of the tunnel, and Remus detected an anxious note to it. He wanted to tell him that he could understand him when he talked, that he wasn't a bloodthirsty monster, but all he could do was bark twice in quick succession, their agreed signal. "Well, good," Snape called from the tunnel. "I'll be going, then." As he listened to his receding steps, Remus suddenly wished Snape had stayed with him. He let out a long howl. Then he shook his head at the absurdity of the thought and curled in a corner to sleep. o0o "But I was myself, Severus! That's much better than normal. Please," implored Remus. "Please." "Remember how you said it felt like it was burning a hole in your stomach lining?" Snape asked. He turned to look at Remus. "That's because it was." Remus had to fight to keep horror of his face. "And you knew?" "I suspected," said Snape. "It's an effective formulation, but," he waved his hand, "if it poisons you it's rather useless." Remus leaned against the sink and rubbed his eyes. "But you said—" "I know what I said," interrupted Snape. In the silence that followed, he licked his lips in a nervous gesture. "I was wrong." Disappointment and anger flooded Remus. How had he allowed himself to believe that Snape, of all people, could help him? Would help him? Tears came to his eyes. "Can't you try to change the formula?" he asked, his voice barely a whisper. "No." Snape looked at him for a long while. "There's nothing wrong with the formula," he said. "It just happens to be toxic. You could only take it for a year, maybe two, before it killed you." Remus said nothing and watched as Snape picked up his things and stuffed the Valverde-Gimferrer in his bag. "I—" Snape hesitated in the doorway. "I'm sorry." As the door closed behind him, Remus wiped his eyes angrily on his sleeve. "I bet you are," he muttered. o0o That night, Remus dreamt that he was running through the forest, chasing Snape. Despite his pleas ("I'll brew the potion, I'll brew it!") Remus raised a huge paw. "I hate you, you know," he tried to say, but he could only bare his teeth and growl. Somehow, that conveyed the truth of the statement even more clearly than words did. Then he tore Snape's throat open, and lapped at the blood flowing from the wound. o0o -fin-