year old boy, wearing a tux, with a hat upon his head, pulled low so as to keep the sun out of his eyes. Next to him and leaning slightly on him was a small strawberry blonde haired girl in a frilly white dress, and white sun bonnet, next to her were two more two year old boys, all lacking the hat, but still in the small tux. One with shockingly white blonde hair and palish white skin, the other, a dark haired, olive skinned Italian looking boy. /-/-/ The wedding party was drawing to a close, many couples and family's Apparating, or portkeying away. All that was left were the Zabinis, Blacks, Snape, Greengrass, and Bones families. Sirius walked over to Severus, Harry in his arms and playing with his ponytail, wide awake after his nap during the service. "Well we'll be off. Remember the new traveling idea. That way, no matter where we go, you'll be able to find us if we decide to leave for a bit. I'll see you at the next meeting of our allies. I've been told there are a few families who will be joining us. Friends of Cryus." "Good. The more the better, we'll have our hands full dealing with both Dumbledore and Voldemort when he returns." Severus nodded, taking Harry briefly from Sirius to say goodbye. "I'll see you then." Handing Harry back to Sirius, Severus apparated away to Hogwarts. He had a potion to work on, and a beautiful Italian woman on his mind. /-/-/ Sirius stood in the side bedroom of their suite in the Caribbean. Rocking Harry to sleep, his eyes just barely fighting closing completely. "Come on buddy. Ssshh." Sirius whispered. Then looking around to make sure she wasn't around he turned back to Harry and began to sing. His smooth silky voice came from within, singing the soothing lullaby he knew Lily had sang to Harry when he was younger. He skillfully sang, a hidden gift he'd let no one knew he had. Fear of being mocked causing him to keep it hidden. Only Harry had ever heard him. And only when he was sure no one was around. " Sleep tight little angel, and know I'll always be here. No matter what. No matter what. Sleep well little baby, I'll always keep you safe. No matter what. No matter what." Finishing the song Sirius slowly set Harry back into his crib, fast asleep. "So when were you going to tell me you had the voice of an angel?" Tensing his shoulders Sirius slowly turned to face his newly wed wife. "I didn't think you were here." He sheepishly responded. "I've heard a beautiful song coming from Harry's room often enough at night. But every time I got close, it would always stop. So this time, I disillusioned myself to find the voice. And low and behold, it's my new husband of three days." Amelia said, strutting towards her husband in nothing but her night robe. "You have a beautiful voice. I wish you'd sing to me like that." She muttered, fluttering her eyes towards her husband as she let her robe open a bit. Loving how Sirius' eyes couldn't leave her own, and fought not to drop lower when her robe opened. With a gulp he smiled before sweetly kissing her on the lips. "Then your wish is my command. Go to the room, I'll be there in a second. And I promise to sing for you. Then we shall have fun until you sing." Sirius finished with a smirk, swatting her butt playfully as she walked away. "I'll hold you to your word handsome." She whispered back, leaving the room to their own. Turning to Harry Sirius sighed lightly. "I'm sorry you couldn't be here for this. I know you always wanted me to settle down and marry her. Well here I am. And here's your son. With me, instead of you. Damn. A kid really makes you grow up fast. Look at Severus and I. Getting along in some sort of weird way. We've become friends through this I think. Harry brought us together. It took a friendship potion to kick start us at first. Snape's idea. A dumbed down version of a love potion. It helped, we only had to take it once." His hand dropped into the crib, covering Harry with a light blanket before casting a listening charm on the bed so he'd know when Harry woke up. He lightly rubbed his thumb and index finger on Harry's cheek, the child in his sleep drawing close to the comforting touch. "I promise you Harry. I'll never leave you, and I'll always be here for you. Always. You'll never want for love and affection, or anything else. No matter what. Hey everyone, Chazaq here. I know I should probably not be starting another story, but a friend of mine has been rather insistent that I start this story. So I caved after getting a good idea for what I wanted to do. So here is my new story. I hope you've enjoyed the first chapter, the second shall be up soon. I also wanted to say, that this will, obviously be a contract story with Daphne. There will be no harem and it will have other couples. There will be Draco and Hermione, Neville and Tracey, Blaise and Susan. As for adults, it'll be Sirius and Amelia, Severus and Catarina, Narcissa's pairing is unsure right now. But other than that, those are the main couples that you will find in this story. The next chapter will focus upon the growing up of Harry, we won't be jumping straight to Hogwarts or anything of that nature. We'll be taking this a little slow at first. So at least another chapter, or two before we start at Hogwarts. Well hope everyone enjoys, and I'll see you in my next chapter, which should be for Tamers, then this one, and probably Bid. Thanks everyone.