meeting at Grimmauld became more and more tense as Harry was sure Walburga Black was having his public moves observed. Of course once he did manage to get inside of the ancestral home of the Blacks it was a simple matter of sleight-of-hand to swipe the locket during a tour of the house that he was graciously given. He may have had to stun a certain house elf for a moment but that was not of huge importance. The diadem was by far the easiest to obtain as he knew of all of the secret passages into and out of the school. All it took was two trips through the Honeydukes cellar during the dead of night, with a stop in the room of requirement separating the two, and then that one was dealt with. The ring took some amount of work as there was complex and deadly wards around the Gaunt shack, but thanks to the powers that be Harry was met with no problems while getting to the ring. Harry made sure not to put the ring on knowing about the curse which lay upon it. Despite his misgivings, Harry made sure to use the killing curse to get rid of the horcrux so as to avoid the possible destruction of the stone. Although the 'new' Harry may not come to possess the stone, Harry didn't want to risk destroying such a magical artifact. The cup was an… interesting ordeal to take care of to say the least. Harry knew that he wouldn't be able to actually go into the bank because they would know that he was under a glamour charm if he did. So hoping for the best, before trying to devise a plan to break into Gringotts for the second (first?) time, Harry simply sent a letter to the bank informing them that he had reason to believe that there was an item of an extremely dark nature residing in the LeStrange vault. Knowing that it was a long shot, Harry was surprised to hear back from Gringotts that they had investigated his claims and taken care of the horcrux which was Hufflepuff's cup. The goblins had also informed him that had his claims been false that he would be tracked down and killed, despite his not providing a name or location. After obtaining and destroying all of the horcruxes Harry's work became a little bit more complicated. There were events which he needed to manipulate in such a way that they would not have a major impact on anything else that was not meant to be changed. Of course it helped that Death and Fate themselves had provided with the exact details of what needed to be done, where it was supposed to be done, when it had to be done, and how to do it. For instance the ward that Harry had just placed around the Potter house in Godric's Hollow was specifically designed by Death so that when Voldemort died that anyone bearing the dark mark would also die. It was something to do with the ward manipulating the arithmancy of the modified protean charm that created the dark mark. Harry didn't quite understand how it worked but knew how to cast it and Death had assured him that it would work properly. The main reason for doing this was because it was the simplest way to get rid of Pettigrew without making it seem like he had been targeted. This would help to make sure that Sirius would not be falsely arrested. Thinking of Sirius brought Harry out of his thoughts and back to the present and after a quick check of his watch, released the owl that he had been waiting to send. This was one of the things that needed to be done at certain time so as to avoid unintended changes. The letter needed to be delivered at a certain time so that Sirius would not arrive too early and find James and Lily alive but also could not be too late where he would arrive after Dumbledore had already taken Harry away. The Letter also contained a few suggestions, more like instructions, as to things that would need to be done after Sirius had Harry. Some were far more important than others but Harry suspected that everything would turn out well considering that Fate had written the letter. The next half hour until Voldemort arrived passed idly by as Harry lost himself in musings of what the life of the new Harry would turn out like. Not that he would ever know because he wouldn't be around to know about anything that happened past this night. When Harry finally heard the tell-tale pop of apparation he snapped to attention and saw his long time enemy standing in the middle of the street outside of the Potter House. Oh how he wished he could just go kill the man himself. Of course Harry knew that wouldn't solve any of his problems. That's why Harry had to watch and listen as his parents were murdered in front of him and could not act. He simply pressed the tip of his wand against the cover of the diary and counted down the seconds. "Good luck little one," Harry wished before two voices incanted the same curse in unison. " Avada kedavra !" AN- This is my first story here and I welcome any and all advice and criticism. I cannot make any guarantee on when updates will occur as I have a fairly busy schedule as well as another story that I am working on. I will do my best to update soon I decided to post this first chapter to gauge interest in my story. I will be continuing with it regardless of the public opinion but I hope that others appreciate it as well. I have enjoyed reading what this community has to offer and wanted to take the chance to add to the many wonderful stories here.