was classically superior. And her eyes were just the right amount apart for their size. But these things were to be expected in their circles. Walburga thought she herself might fit most of these descriptors, although she wasn't as lithe as Rohesia, and her hair had always given her trouble. If she tried to grow it too long, it simply broke off, and whatever beauty treatments she tried made no difference. "A shame about her father," Uncle Arcturus said softly. "Orion has quietly expressed his interest in courting her, perhaps submitting a contract proposal. I would have no doubts on the matter if not for…. Well, for a man whose political career is over, he does continue to be a pest on the subject." There was little Walburga found less interesting than politics, but she listened with keen interest to everything negative her family said about Hector Fawley, the former Minister for Magic. She wouldn't give too figs one way or other about the man, but for the possibility that reminding her father or uncle about his failings could save her family from disaster somewhere down the road. And with the way both Orion and Alphard doted on Rohesia Fawley, Walburga thought it prudent to listen and memorize every dirty little detail, no matter how seemingly insignificant. At least Cygnus appeared to have some sense, she though, glancing around for her youngest brother. He'd set his sights on a less attractive but far less objectionable girl, someone he could obtain without any slight or shame, and certainly without any great fear of rejection. Druella Rosier would make a fine addition to the Black family. But Rohesia Fawley…. Well, Rohesia would never grace the halls of Walburga's fathers, if she had to slit that pretty, pale throat herself. It was a ghastly, messy way of dealing with matters, and Walburga preferred to take more subtle means, but needs must, and she was quite confident she would keep the line pure, not only from those of impure blood, but also those of inferior breeding. Whatever means necessary. And Rohesia Fawley was certainly a case of inferior breeding, whatever Nature's Nobility deigned to tell her in this case. Time would see her out on this matter. Walburga had no doubts whatsoever. "Have you had any suitors yet, Walburga?" Uncle Arcturus asked, not especially coolly, but with a kind of business-like interest. She tried not to tighten her jaw as she told him that no, she still had not received any offers. Or interest, for that matter. /-/ Randolph Lestrange watched from the corner as Rohesia Fawley danced with Alphard Black for the third time in a row, and the fifth time for the evening. He sipped his punch with exterior appearance of calm and composure, as he always maintained on the exterior. On the inside, it would have been far more complicated to determine his feelings. Even he did not try. He did know a lesser man would have felt jealousy, perhaps anger at his classmate, Alphard. A lesser man might have seen Alphard as a threat. Randolph, however, was distinguished enough not to feel any such threat. After all, Randolph had a great deal over Alphard on paper. His inheriting exclusively. His future heading of his family. His lack of objectionable habits. If Randolph allowed himself the indulgence of such things, he could list a dozen reasons he would make a more suitable husband than Alphard Black ever could. She would choose his bid for marriage, in the end. And if by some bizarre twist of fate she did not…. Randolph did not think long on such things. They were impossible, really. The only person who could have any claim greater than his was Orion Black, and as Orion barely had the fortitude to string more than a sentence together directed toward her, it seemed unlikely he would manage to impress upon her the reasoning for his being a suitable husband. No, Randolph could have been many things in that moment, but he was certainly not jealous. Even when Alphard kissed her hand for going on the tenth time for the evening and she flushed prettily, Randolph did not bother with the baseness of jealousy. He simply stood to retrieve more punch and bowed his head respectfully to Rohesia's closest friends – Aldise Yaxley and Isabel Greengrass. Attractive girls, but rather dull beside their friend. "Randolph," Isabel said, being infinitely the bolder of the two girls, "have you convinced Rohesia to dance with you, yet?" He bowed his head again, knowing she was attempting to tease him because the first time he'd asked, she'd said no. "I have not yet had the pleasure," he said levelly. A lesser man would have been irritated, but not Randolph. "A custom of ours, you are aware. She amuses herself to reject me on the first request. Perhaps one of you would aid me in occupying my time until Miss Fawley is more suitably disposed to dancing with me?" Isabel, in her somewhat uncouth way, snorted at the suggestion, and he smoothly turned his attention to Aldise – the less attractive of the two, although of obviously stronger constitution than the fragile-looking Isabel Greengrass – who flushed and agreed to a dance. Randolph did not care about dancing, but he knew he was expertly accomplished at it, and that it became him to be seen dancing. He was enormously confident Rohesia would see him dancing and would thus change her mind for when he next requested a dance from her, perhaps two songs hence. A lesser man might have folded after first refusal. But not Randolph Lestrange. A/N: So, Orion and Alphard are interested in the same woman, Walburga despises said woman, and Randolph Lestrange is confident in his ability to win. Par for the course, I suppose? Review Prompt: Have you and a sibling/cousin/friend ever liked the same person? How did that feel? Q&A: I answer your questions here! Questions on anything, everything! Cheers! C