Harry realised he had come to love so much. "Brilliant," Harry sighed as he leant back down to kiss his new girlfriend again. HP&GW It was an hour later, after Harry had taken the time to reveal to Ginny the realisation he'd had about he truly felt for her, that the new couple approached the portrait of the Fat Lady. "Are you sure you want to do this?" Harry nervously asked as they came to a stop in front of the entrance to their common room. "Of course, I do," Ginny said with a bright smile. "I am certain he was about to ask me out. The way he was rambling on and on made it seem like he was building up to it." "Good thing I chose not to ramble then," Harry chuckled in response. "We'd probably still be in that classroom with me nowhere closer to telling you how I feel about you." "Like I said before, I love how you can surprise me," Ginny said just before she gently kissed him. The new couple finally entered the Gryffindor Common Room together and without giving any clues to the change in their relationship status. With a subtle nod to one another, Harry made his way over to where Neville sat in front of the fireplace, while Ginny walked over to where Dean sat waiting. "Hey, Dean," Ginny said brightly. "Sorry it took me longer than I expected. Harry is not having an easy time of it right now and with Hermione and Ron both still in the hospital wing, I was the easiest person for him to turn to." "No, that's not a problem," Dean replied as he indicated to her to take a seat next to him. "Neville said someone close to him had died, so I understand he needs his friends to be there for him." "Thanks for understanding," Ginny replied with a quick and subtle look at Harry. "Now, what was it you wanted to talk to me about before I went and talked to Harry." "Oh… um… well… you see," Dean stuttered, making Ginny grateful that Harry had just taken the initiative to kiss her. "Iwaswonderingifyouwantedtodateme?" "Sorry, what was that, Dean?" Ginny asked, despite knowing exactly what she had been asked. Dean took a deep breath before taking Ginny's hand in his. Ginny sucked in her breath at the action, hoping Harry didn't see and think she had changed her mind. "I was wondering if you would like to date me, be my girlfriend?" Dean said confidently, convinced he was going to hear only one answer. Ginny gently smiled at Harry's roommate as she carefully extracted her hand from his. "I'm sorry, Dean, but I am going to have to say no." Dean's face dropped in disappointment at being rejected. "If it helps, had you asked me before Harry dragged me off to talk, I probably would have said yes." Dean's head shot up quickly, looking between Ginny and Harry as his brain quickly worked to figure out what had changed in the past hour for her to say no. "You… and… Harry?" "Yes," Ginny said as her face lit up in happiness. "He actually froze up and was unable to tell me. So, instead, he just kissed me. It was completely unexpected, but I couldn't say no to him after that." Dean looked over at Harry, who was quietly talking with Neville, giving no indication that he now had a girlfriend. He knew he would never have a chance with the red-head now, as it had long been known she had a crush on Harry, and if he was to admit it to himself, he had seen the signs that Harry had been falling for her too. "I wish you and Harry all the best, then," Dean said with a sincerity that surprised Ginny. HP&GW Ginny dropped herself into Harry's lap and his arms automatically came around her waist and pulled her closer to his body. "So, did he ask you?" Harry asked his girlfriend once they were both comfortable. "Yes, he did," Ginny replied, tucking her head underneath Harry's chin. "Like we discussed, I told him no and that had he asked me earlier, I probably would have said yes. Surprisingly, once he figured out why I had refused him, he offered us his best wishes." Harry didn't know how to respond to that. Admittedly, when they had planned for Ginny to finish their conversation with Dean, they had no intentions of it being a cruel prank, but neither had expected him to respond in the way he had. "So, when did this happen?" Neville asked in amusement, causing the couple to realise they had all but announced their relationship to all those present in the common room. "About an hour ago," Ginny proudly told Neville. Neville smiled. "It's good to see you smiling, Harry. I know I didn't know your godfather, but I think he would probably be happy to see you happy, despite everything that has happened." "Yeah, he would," Harry said with a sigh as the thoughts of the Prophecy and Sirius' death tried to push their way back into the front of his mind. Ginny pressed a kiss to Harry's chin, causing him to look down at her with a sad smile. "Tonight, for me, please enjoy this moment," Ginny gently pleaded with her boyfriend. "Padfoot would want you to. Then, tomorrow, we can talk about whatever else is bothering you, because I know there is more than just losing Sirius." Harry smiled at his girlfriend's words, knowing his godfather would have been the first to congratulate Harry on coming to his senses about Ginny. "I think I can do that for you and for Padfoot," Harry whispered before gently kissing Ginny. "Just one thing, though," Neville said, hating to interrupt such a personal moment between the new couple. " When do you and how are you planning on telling Ron that his best mate dating his sister?"