of our… tasks." Crabbe and Goyle nodded. Then he pulled a rusty can from his cloak pocket and shoved it into Hermione's hand. "It'll be quite a surprise when she wakes up," he drawled before tapping the can with his wand, watching the mudblood get sucked away into the void. "What is going to happen to her?" asked Goyle. "She's got a date in three weeks that she has to prepare for," said Draco as he brushed the snow off the sleeves of his robes. Goyle screwed up his face, before a look of understanding dawned on Crabbe's. "Greyback?" asked Crabbe quietly. Nodding, Draco moved to leave the clearing. Crabbe looked back at where Hermione had laid. He knew what the werewolf could do. He knew that Granger could die. He just couldn't bring himself to care. "Let's go back to the castle," called Draco as he waved his wand over the clearing, making their footprints vanish like they had never existed. Hermione's bag sat in the white powder, slowly getting covered in snow. He stared at the bag thoughtfully. "Leave the bag. Let the teachers find it and run about in a panic. Let's go back to the castle." Draco cast another spell as the three Slytherins walked back towards Hogwarts, their footprints fading in the snow. Hermione groaned as she came to, her eyes slowly adjusting to the dark around her. The waning moon gave off some light; enough to see that she was nowhere near the Shrieking Shack. Instead of the snow covered ground she remembered, she felt water flowing all around her, icy to the point of pain. She sat up with a wince as her whole body began protesting, small tremors moving through her limbs making her shake. Sitting in a marsh, surrounded by bulrush was not the way she envisioned spending her evening. Standing on shaky feet, Hermione looked around before she reached for her wand only to find it wasn't there. The previous events of her trip to Hogsmeade came flooding into her mind. "Those… those… FUCKERS!" She bellowed, unable to find a better term to describe what she knew had to be Crabbe and Goyle under the influence of the Polyjuice Potion. They must have been planning her abduction for months. She picked up the rusted can and threw it into the water before kicking her way out of the marsh and onto drier land. Draco Malfoy must have helped them, because there was no way they could brew an adequate Polyjuice or summon a decent Cruciatus; considering how inclined they were at failing the simplest of assignments. Hermione wrapped her sodden cloak around her, trying to get her bearings. Crags interspersed with gorse were on either side of her, while the stream she landed in flowed down to an old medieval tower, surrounded by a fallen stone wall. Gorse surrounded the wall and Hermione was not sure she wanted to pick her way through to get to the shelter. Without her wand though, she couldn't apparate and she sure wouldn't be able to cast a drying or warming charm on herself. With a resigned sigh, Hermione began moving down to the tower, fantasizing about how much pain she wished she could put the three Slytherins in when she got back to the school. An hour later she was covered in small cuts from the thorns on the gorse and her cloak ripped into near shreds rsomewhere between the stream and the stone wall. But none of that mattered because she couldn't take her eyes off the mutilated carcass of a large red deer that sat at the foot of the wall. She was sure that nothing in Scotland could kill something that big as viciously as this one had been ripped apart. Wolves hadn't been reintroduced as far as she knew. She looked back up at the sky, noticing the waning moon, and cringed. It had to have been a werewolf. Her gaze focused on the dilapidated tower. There was no way it would be living in that place. It looked like it hadn't been touched in centuries. Hermione swallowed the nerves that danced in her stomach and up her throat before stepping over the stone wall. Warmth encased her, reminding her of Christmases with the Weasleys, before Hermione realized why. Without her wand she couldn't get a direct image of wards, but still, the magic hung in the air; as if it were holding up a giant 'WELCOME' sign. The tower still looked the same from before crossing over the wall, stones falling here and there, a rotting door that hung off iron hinges opening up to the dark interior within. Hermione crossed the yard and leaned into the shadows. The smell of dust and disuse permeated the air. Slowly, she moved the door, jumping back as the wood fell to the ground in a sodden heap. Once she was sure the way was clear she began making her way inside. Despite the dark, the moon shone through the slotted windows built into the wall of the spiraling stairwell. Hermione made her way up, slipping every so often on the worn steps. Finally she was at the top, in a large room filled with old swords, archery supplies and one skeleton. Hermione crept forward to the skeleton, noting the fine jewelry that adorned the once living person. The necklace that hung between the ribcage caught her attention and she reached her hand out, entranced by the silver chain and gleaming emerald. Her fingers made contact with the metal, just in time for a loud POP to sound behind her. Hermione jumped and whirled around, before landing on her arse next to the skeleton. "Mistress Nathair is here to free Pip!" A squeaky voice said with a hint of brogue in its accent. Hermione was dumbfounded when a near naked elf stepped forward from the shadows, "Mistress can save Pip!" And Hermione always thought that this stuff only happened to Harry.