met to protect me and the people in this house. When I was in the hospital I could see people auras those who were healthy, those who were sick and those that were dying. Blue healthy, yellow sick and black for those who were dying. Both Dudley and Petunia and myself are blue, yours is black. The one who put up these wards must have made a deal with you, you take me in and these blood wards will keep you alive as long as I'm under this roof." Harry shook his head and laughed sinisterly." All that talk about normalcy and you're using magic to keep yourself alive. It looks like you have only about three months to live when I leave this house, when the blood wards start to fail you will die from disease. You feared death so much you took in a freak to extend your miserable fat life! Once I figure out how to change these wards on the house you'll have less time than that! Now my friend here says that you have magical items in the basement, I presuming that it belonged to my mother?" Harry told his reptilian friends thank you and for coming to his aid and that he could handle things now. " My cold blooded friends told me to tell you if something happens to me Dudley will receive over a hundred bites." Harry pushed past all three and headed to the basement. As he made it down the stairs with Kyshayarsha on his arm, he saw a trunk that glowed a bright orange aura stuffed among the clutter of the basement. He waved his hand and the trunk pulled out among the junk. He levitated the trunk up the stairs, as the trunk followed behind him he knew that something special inside waited just for him. He went to the second floor to Dudley's second bedroom as the Dursley's followed right behind him to see what he was doing. As they trunk was set down in the hallway, Harry looked into the room and with a wave of his hands all of Dudley's belonging came flying out into the hallway. All his clothes, toys, posters, musical CD's were left in a heap on the floor. "Hey!" shouted Dudley this is my second bedroom! Put my stuff back you freak!" Harry made a hand gesture and Dudley's mouth was sealed shut as if he never had a mouth. Petunia screamed as she ran to her precious little boy. "This room now belongs to me. From this day forward we'll start over fresh. I won't bother you and you don't bother me. I know you think I want revenge for all that you did to me but I was advised that monsters are sometimes needed to make a dream reality. Now the wizard's name that put up these ancient wards." His piercing green eyes found there way to his aunt. "Dumbledore, Professor Dumbledore of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He was the one that put them up. He said that if we take you in it may cure Vernon's cancer and that he would see Dudley become a man, he said it would also protect you. When he finished he said that he would bring you here and he left his assistant witch but she soon disappeared afterwards. So we accepted his bargain without hesitation he left you on our door steps later that night with a note saying that you were better off in this world than the magical one and the wards would protect everyone." Petunia looked terrified of her nephew. "He was wrong on both his assessments, it didn't protect me from an abusive family and I should have been left with some adopted pure-blood magical family not Muggles." Harry walked and levitated the magical trunk to the middle of the bedroom floor and read the tag that said property of Lily Evans. He opened it to see nothing but useless junk; he quickly closed the lid and said "reveal your secrets". When he opened up the trunk there was a stairway leading down from the trunk. "How did you do that? I tried for years to get that to open like Lily did. I could have searched in there to find something that could've cured Vernon's cancer and been rid of you once and for all!" Petunia spit more venom than a snake ever could. He turned around after he heard Petunia speaking and saw the Dursley's looking shocked at what was just performed in front of them. With a wave of the hand the door slammed shut in front of their faces and locked them out. He headed inside the suitcase down the stairs. Every step he made a light flickered on until all five rooms were lit. He walked into a room were he saw some books on the table. As he read them he realized that they were nothing more than school books but something caught his attention was two books posted on a stand. The books read. The Black Family Grimoire: Book of Life Authors: Orion Black Arcturus Black Regulus Black I Lycoris Black Phineas Nigellus Black Walburga Black Alphard Black Harry looked at the long list of wizard and witches that added to the Grimoire over the centuries. The second book Grimoire read. The Bone Family Book of Death Edgar Bones Seraphina Bones Mary Bones John Bones Jonas Bones II It read just like the Black family list of authors that added their spells through the centuries. These spells and potions were some of the most complex, even from the memories of the creature in his mind couldn't recall seeing any of these incantations ever. As he browsed through the books he realized these spells could make him the most powerful wizard the world has ever seen. He looked around and recognized this was the first step to his destiny and what a destiny that was in front of him.