you have any idea how long I've waited to hear that?" She wasn't listening to him. Something akin to rage was formulating in her eyes. "Lily...?" James trailed off uncertainly, his eyes raking in her furious expression. "You idiot!" Lily shrieked, fists clenched, temper boiling. Hot tears threatened to spill from her eyes. All of her emotions that were pent up during the week were bursting free. "You absolute arse!" "Ow, Lily! I'm tender here!" James held his hands protectively to his chest, where his bandage was. Lily paid no mind. She was channeling her emotions through her worried, over-stressed mind. " Why do you have to be so damn noble?!" she screamed frustratedly, "I was fine on my own. But you had to just jump in the path of a manic hippogriff and get yourself hurt! Because of your pride! " "Lily—I—If you'll let me—" "No!" Lily yelled, shocking the daylights out of him. Lily had never yelled so ferociously at him. "You promise me that you'll never risk your life for me again ," Lily threatened. James really had no choice. "Fine," he relented, "But on the condition that you never risk your life intentionally. Because I don't want to endure the same pain you had " Lily's breath caught in her throat. His alluring caramel eyes were pleadingly staring up at her. Her heart melted into a puddle of goo. "Okay," she murmured, closing her eyes. "Good," he whispered, pressing his forehead against hers and winding his arms around her waist, "Go out with me, Evans?" "Sure thing," she replied softly, caressing his head with utmost care, "but get some rest first." After Lily and James "reunited," Madam Pomfrey sent Lily on a few errands, such as alerting their Head of House and more importantly, James's friends. "Prongs!" Sirius yelled, flinging himself on to his best friend and sobbing over-dramatically, "I thought you were never going to wake up!" "Hey there, Prongs," said Remus quietly, equally as jubilant, though he had hardly any energy to express it. "All right, all right, bring it in," invited James jovially, opening his arms for a hug. Lily, who was watching on the side, chuckled and James poked his head out from the tangled arms. "You too," he called. Lily wrapped her arms around the entire group, which was near impossible, considering the circumference all around. The group hugged for about thirty seconds, which was when Sirius began complaining about suffocation. "All right, boys, let him breathe," Madam Pomfrey chastised sternly, though there was hint of amusement. Announcing to the school of James's recovery was easy. All they had to do was tell one person, and tell them to spread the news. From there, the gossip mill did its job. The news spread like wildfire. Lily was happy to announce to everyone that she was James's girlfriend, which received mixed responses. The majority was pleased, but there was a group of girls here and there who were devastated that James was off the market. They often sent her withering looks, but other than that, everyone was ecstatic. Lily was also astonished to discover that there had been some major betting going on about her and James's relationship. She was even more surprised to find out that her best friend, Marlene, had originally started the school-wide bet, back in fifth year. Ironically, no one had picked this day, so nobody acquired any profit. The Gryffindor Quidditch team was most upset, because James's temporary injury hindered their chances to win the coveted Cup. James was also disheartened to learn that he was confined to the infirmary for at least a week. He complained that it wasn't even a severe injury. Madam Pomfrey informed him sternly that she could make it two weeks, which shut him up in a hurry. Cards and assorted treats were piling up on James's bedside table. Everyday, when Lily dutifully visited him in the hospital wing, they would sort the cards. Most of them contained cliché lines, such as "Get well soon!" They discarded those, but James insisted they keep the treats as snacks for later. "Not to alarm you," said Sirius to James one evening, "but I think you're gaining a lot of weight from eating those unhealthy foods all day long and lying around." "I would get up, but Pomfrey says I have to be in bed," muttered James mutinously, "otherwise I would happily play Quidditch. Anything to get out of this bloody bed." "Sucks for you," replied Sirius sympathetically. Lily was studying meticulously one afternoon when the portrait guarding the entrance to the private Heads' rooms swung open. "Hey Marls," Lily said, without looking up, too engrossed in her textbook and notes. "Well," said a familiar deep, masculine voice, "unless I've sprouted breasts and dyed my hair blonde, I'm most certainly not Marlene." "James!" squealed Lily, launching herself towards him. "You're out!" She kissed him chastely before pulling back and examining his face. "I missed you!" "You saw me last night, Lils," he reminded her. "Oh shut up," she scolded him good-naturedly, and he laughed. "Nice to see you too," he responded, nuzzling her neck with his head and placing feather-light kisses along the base of her neck. Lily threw her head back, relishing the softness of his lips against her neck and cherishing the butterflies that erupted in her stomach. It was the most glorious feeling in the world, and she would not trade it for anything in the world. It was funny how fate brought them together, she mused. Or maybe it was their choices. Or the hippogriff and Professor Tynder's animosity towards the lot of them. Perhaps all of them. Whatever it was, Lily was glad it had happened. But one thing was set in stone: James was a disarming young man. Word count: 5,116 😀 Prompt: Expelliarmus (2017 Multi-School Tournament—Hogwarts) and 365 Drabbles (#212- Infernal) Notes: Kinda stole the last sentence from the Cursed Child (lol, don't kill me). Thanks for reading.