to hear anything but what Lydia said in direct response to him. "No!" she said anxiously. "It's my best potions book!" "Then get rid of his writing!" "No!" Lydia said roughly. "What's it to you, anyway? It's not your book, it's mine!" He opened his mouth forcefully as if to shout something at her, but then he closed it again, the redness in his face not dying down, but he seemed to have realized that there wasn't a proper, logical outlet for whatever was going on in his head, so he got up, stormed out of the compartment, and left the remaining five teenagers looking at the slammed compartment door, confused. "What was that about?" Lydia asked, bewildered and a bit frightened. "You ought to know," James said accusingly. "But since you don't I suppose I've got a mess to clean up. Excuse me. I need to calm him down before he kills somebody." James then stood up calmly and marched out of the compartment, closing the door much more gently behind him. "What just happened?" Lily asked, bewildered. "I shouldn't have said anything," Peter said, frowning slightly. "I was just so excited that I knew the answer that I didn't stop and think..." "Stop and think about what?" Lydia pressed, thinking that between Peter and Remus one of them would have to tell the girls what was going on with Sirius. This was far worse than anything she'd ever seen when Sirius and Severus were fighting. "Nothing," Peter squeaked, blushing and tapping his fingers on the seat nervously. Remus just shook his head and sighed. "What was James being so cryptic about?" Lydia pressed Remus. Remus looked at her with a small thoughtful frown for a moment and then said, "Do you remember when we talked about secrets?" How could Lydia forget? Finding out that Remus was a werewolf, telling him that she had secrets of her own and understood, secrets she couldn't begin to speak out loud for fear she'd have to face them... It was a conversation that haunted her every time she thought of asking him out again, because what if her unwillingness to come forward with her own secrets was part of the reason he was turning her away? "Yes," Lydia said softly, watching his face carefully for some sort of sign, some sort of anything that would make her feel he might be capable of loving her after all. Not that she needed a sign. It was the lie she told herself every morning when she woke up. "Well this isn't my secret to tell," he said gently. "If you really want to know, Sirius is going to have to be the one to tell you. When he's ready." Lily sighed, slightly annoyed, but she understood secrets, too. Not as well as Lydia, but she had been keeping Remus's secret about his being a werewolf for just as long. What Lily didn't know, though, was the other Marauder secret, that all of the other three were illegal Animagi and spent the full moon with Remus. Sirius and Remus had told her this, with permission of the others, in order for her to understand just how difficult and really impossible it would be for her to really be with Remus. They meant to scare her, she supposed, because she was terrible at Transfiguration that involved humans in any way, so the likelihood she could even come close to being an Animagus was very near to zero. But it took more than that to scare away Lydia Rowe. In a strange way, Lydia was especially proud of herself that she knew the secret and Lily did not, and even more so for having kept it so well from her best friend. No doubt James wanted Lily to know, thought it would impress her into wanting to be with him, and maybe it would, if Lily could get over the part that it was illegal and focus on how it was amazing magic and wonderfully loyal friendship. But the other Marauder likely continued to overturn James on that matter, because after all, Lily turned them in for their shenanigans frequently, and it wasn't even illegal. Sirius and James did not return for the rest of the train ride, so it was a very silent compartment, Lily, Lydia, and Remus all reading and Peter sitting there, watching them read. Lydia briefly thought about telling Peter that he was bothering her, but as they were nearly to the school and he was already so embarrassed she decided not to be cruel and stuck to her book, trying to ignore him. The train stopped and the teenagers filed out onto the platform. Lily and Remus were helping direct first years toward Hagrid, so Peter and Lydia walked up to where the carriages were in silence. When they reached them, Lydia heard a voice calling her name. She turned to see two of her roommates standing there, waving at her. "Lydia!" Artemis Rutgers said happily. "Peter! Come on, we've got a carriage!" Peter looked as though he might object to sitting on a carriage with Mary MacDonald, Artemis, and Lydia, being a bit uncomfortable around so many girls at once, but he climbed in after Mary and the carriage took off toward the school. "Good summer, then?" Mary asked politely. "Great," Lydia lied without a second thought. "Yours?" "We had a wicked time," Artemis said excitedly. "I threw that party I've been planning for years. I invited you, you know. You didn't come." "My parents said I couldn't," Lydia lied, and Artemis gave her a sympathetic look. "Anyway, it was great," Artemis said excitedly. "Sirius got Remus drunk and he started going on about how pretty you are. I thought Sirius regretted it a bit, but once he got him going there was no stopping him." Lydia blushed, looked down, and suddenly wished she'd decided to go to the party after all. Maybe Lily was right. Maybe this was her year.