to help him come to our side, but what he doesn't understand is that Draco is in too deep. If Draco is to come to our side, it will be with careful planning on mine and Albus' part, not on some mediocre plan from a bunch of teenagers." "You got to have at least some faith in him," Remus said, feeling as though Severus wasn't giving Harry enough credit. Severus shook his head, not listening to a word Remus just said. "He can really be a stubborn brat sometimes! I bet you my best cauldron he bloody hates me now!" "Severus…," Remus frowned. Severus' gaze landed back on the photograph on the mantel. "I know Harry has the best intentions. I know that whatever plan he comes up with to help Draco might have potential...but for once, I just wish he can leave these problems for me and Albus to solve. I don't want him to feel responsible for anyone but himself. I want him to be the child he never got the chance to be. I know he feels like I'm not listening, I know I'm not giving him enough credit but I just want what is best for him. I want him to be safe and going after Lucius Malfoy's son is not what you call a walk in the park. It's bad enough Harry already has to worry about the Dark Lord, but to be responsible for Draco Malfoy's betrayal to the dark side…, I just can't let him fall into that…." "You're doing the best you can, Severus, I know you are. You have to talk to Harry, tell him what you just told me, let him know that you are listening, that you don't want him in danger." Remus hoped his advice was right. After a few moments, Severus finally tore his gaze away from the mantel and looked at Remus. He could see the stress and worry in the Potions Master's black eyes. He was touched that Severus Snape, who hid behind his mask, had decided to let Remus see a bit of the person he truly was. Remus can still remember a time where not even he could make out who Severus was underneath that mask, but as their friendship began to form, pieces were breaking each day. There will come a time where Severus' mask would be completely broken, there will come a time where Severus would tell him everything that was eating away at him inside, but for now, Remus accepted the pieces Severus was showing him. He knew one day the mask would be gone and there would only be Severus. So lost in his thoughts, Remus didn't realize how long he was staring at him. He found himself swimming in black, ebony eyes, surprised that they were not cold, dark tunnels but comforting and warm like a summers night sky. The sound of the tea kettle rang through Remus' quarters, causing them to both look away. Remus smiled and got up to serve the tea. Once the evening began to grow into night and after two cups of tea, did Severus finally get up to return to his quarters. Remus walked him to the door and looked up to see a scowling Severus who said, "did you know Tonks has a crush on you?" Remus chuckled, "I did not, what makes you say that?" "She was the one who dropped Harry off at the school gates." Severus gently tugged a lock of Remus' hair. It made his heart leap out of his chest and he forced himself not to blush like an idiot. "Her hair was an interesting shade of color today and her patronus has changed to a wolf form…peculiar…, yes?" Remus laughed out loud, "that doesn't mean she might have a crush on me! There are loads of men with hair color as mine with wolf patronuses!" Severus shrugged, "just be careful with the witch, I still remember her as my student several years ago, she was a walking disaster!" Remus chuckled, "am I sensing jealousy from you, Severus?" "Severus Snape, jealous of that clumsy witch? I shall think not!" The Potions Master snarled in disgust. Remus chuckled again, "well you have me fooled," he said, gently laying his hand on Severus' arm. "Goodnight, my friend," he said. "Goodnight, wolf, I wish you luck on your first day back tomorrow." Remus smiled at Severus who then turned around and opened the portrait door. He watched the professor walk down the hallway with black robes billowing around him, until he was one with the darkness of the hallways. Remus sighed and closed the portrait door behind him, hoping that Severus' words of luck was not needed and all of his lessons will go as well as he hoped. A/N: First of all, thank you for all the new reviews! I truly love it when Already Home still gets reviews and favorites. I'm so happy to start writing about Harry, Severus and Moony again!=D I hope you guys are ready for the sequel! It's going to be canon and slightly AU to fit my story. Most of it is going to be in Severus' pov also Remus'. You will see a little bit of Harry …. I guess we will just see where this story takes us, yes? Anyway, I hope you enjoyed my first chapter, I wanted to keep it short, simple and a bit of a summary of Already Home. So please don't be mad lol. I am also sorry I took so long to start this new story, so many changes happened during the summer that I sort of lost focus on writing. I had started working at the Wizarding World of HP at Universal Studios Hollywood and school started once more…I'm still trying to pass math! And my teacher is mean! Anyway enough about me! lol I'm just so excited to be writing again and excuse my bad grammar as usual. So, please Review! -Chase'sGirl19