at breakfast, trying not to convey annoyance when Sirius sat down beside her. "How is he?" she asked a bit stiffly, not looking up from her plate as she carefully buttered her toast. "Bad," Sirius muttered, leaning across her to get a plate of sausages. "But I think the best way to make him better is to force him to get over it." Sanna nearly dropped her toast. Sirius trying to prescribe such things was a surefire way to disaster. But when James sat across from them a moment later, she realized that this was something James must have come up with. She raised her eyebrows. "Are you to completely stupid?" she asked as calmly as possible, and James just blinked at her owlishly. She didn't get an answer from them, although she didn't feel she needed one. Moments later, they were joined by Gideon, Fabian, Peter, and Remus. "Hello, boys," Sanna said, training her eyes back down at her plate. She felt Anissa sitting beside her. "Oh, wow, solidarity, is it?" Anissa said, the bad joke dripping off her lips. "You know, William died months ago, guys. I really am fine." Fabian gave a half-hearted laugh for Anissa's benefit, but no one was amused. It all hit a bit too close to the truth. "Good morning, ladies," Gideon said softly, glancing quickly at Remus. Sanna braved a look to find him staring at her with a mix of pain and longing. She quickly looked down again. The worst part about not loving Remus anymore was knowing that he was still so much in love with her. "Sanna?" Olivia's breathy, self-impressed voice wafted over the heads of the boys to Sanna. She looked up again at her sister, who was looking very frazzled. "Yes, dear?" Sanna asked, feeling Sirius's hand on her knee to keep her from saying something vicious. Sanna had a thin veneer of patience when it came to her youngest sister, but that patience was always its thinnest on returning from holidays. "I need to borrow your gloves for practice." Before Sanna had a chance to say anything, James snorted very loudly and said, "Well, that would be rather stupid, wouldn't it?" "Oh?" Olivia said, smirking. "Pray tell, Potter, why?" "Well first off," James said, turning to grin at her, "a Chaser using Seeker's gloves would be idiocy. The grip is all different. You'd diminish your hold on the Quaffle." Olivia just continued to smirk passively at him. "Secondly, and perhaps most importantly, why would anyone on my team loan something to a Ravenclaw? I mean, it would hurt your practice, so I might give her the okay anyway, but this is quite daft of you, Scott. I expected better." It got confusing sometimes, at practices. Sanna and her other two sisters, Grace and Veronika, were all on the Gryffindor team, and James had a habit of barking out orders by surname during practice. "SCOTT!" was a common part of his practice vocabulary, and it led to all sorts of confusion. "You see, Potter, that's where you're wrong," Olivia chirped happily, and Sirius gripped Sanna's need a little tighter. He knew well enough what was sure to be coming. "You see, I want to make it harder for myself in practice, so that I'm that much better with my normal gloves. And for another, it really wouldn't matter if you brought out all the troops to try to sabotage our practice this year. We've gone young blood. You're just tired, all of you, and with Grace's wrist, you're not going to win this year." Olivia floated away before James or Sanna or either of the Prewetts had a chance to properly say anything, although all four had jumped to their feet. They were all on the team together, and took such slights very personally. "Sit down and stop being idiots," Sirius said sternly. "All of you. She only came over here to get a rise and you know it. Don't let her stir you up. You know as well as I do that the fresh blood she's talking about is more like fresh meat. Macalister couldn't hit a still target with a Bludger if he had all day to try." The boys sat down, but Sanna kept standing, watching her sister swagger back to the Ravenclaw table. She did love Olivia, in a strange, sisterly way, but there was no real affection between them. It wasn't like the closeness Sanna had with both Grace and Veronika. Sirius grabbed Sanna's hand and pulled her back onto the bench. She yelped with pain as she hit the wood hard. "Sorry," he said, wincing with her. "But you were starting to cause a scene, you know. She's not worth it, bug." She glanced across at Remus, who was studiously picking at his potatoes. Remus had always hated that Sirius had nicknames for Sanna, no matter how many times she tried to explain that it was just because they were so close. She liked some of them. Bug was an ambivalent one, but it wasn't the worst of the things he called her. She bit her lip and looked down at her plate, suddenly not very hungry. She had the urge to get up and go to the library before class, but her sister would take it as a victory, and Sanna couldn't have that. "My nerves are a bit tightly wound, I suppose," she said, picking up her goblet of pumpkin juice. "All winter with Olivia in that house…." "She's a bit of a piece of work, isn't she?" Gideon asked with a frown. "You have no idea," Anissa said, snorting. Sanna listened and avoided looking at anyone as she ate her breakfast. Anissa spent the rest of the meal relating tales of Olivia's obnoxious, self-centered behavior, entertaining them all and keeping the tension between Sanna and Remus from taking over their part of the table. But all the while it hung there between them, just waiting to be acknowledged.