a little. Sirius seemed to have relaxed a bit since the incident with Dolohov; he said now that Dolohov knew he wasn't convincible he didn't have to spend all of his time worried that he could be turned. He confessed this to Lily one night after a Quidditch match, having drunk a few stolen Butterbeers. "I was afraid I would do it." "You wouldn't," Lily said. "I might have… if you hadn't gotten there in time, I might have." Lily frowned, not because she thought he was being stupid, but because she understood. "It's not a fault to care about your brother even if you don't get along." Sirius shrugged. "I'm not sure I can take your word for it." "My sister… she hates magic. Hates that I'm magic. She... " The words hates me got caught in her throat. She moved on without them. "We used to be best friends and now we can barely have a conversation when I'm home." Lily sighed. "But if someone was threatening her? I don't know what I would do… but I know I would want to save her." "I didn't know that…" Sirius said. "I mean, I know you said you didn't exactly get along with your sister but…" He sighed, then clinked their butterbeer bottles together. "Well, cheers, I guess." "To being black sheep?" "I think in my family I'd have to be a white sheep to be different." She tittered with tipsy laughter. "I always feel like the singular form of sheep should be 'shep.' Like shepherd." "Lily Evans, my stars, are you drunk?" Lily giggled. "A bit, I think. I usually don't drink this much in front of you do I?" Sirius's face lit up. "Oh this is amazing news. You're a drinker!" "Oh, don't, you'll make me out as some kind of drunk!" But they had collapsed into a heap of giggling in the corner of the common room, and they kept laughing until they didn't know what they were laughing about, and then laughed about that. Which was how Remus Lupin found them half an hour later. "Lily," he said, and she realized that she had only ever seen Remus Lupin drunk once before, and it was just as he was being put to bed by Peter and James. "I just wanted to tell you that I am very glad you and James saved Sirius. And that you know about my… furry little problem. Because you. Are. Nice." Lily and Sirius both cracked up. "I'm not nice, I'm a mudblood!" "Don't say that!" "It's okay if I say it, I think." Sirius shrugged. "Dunno, mate." "We're such a merry band of misfits, aren't we?" Lily said, smiling. "Oh we ought to invite Wormtail and Prongs then, they definitely qualify." "How come you have those really odd nicknames?" Lily asked. "I mean, I've worked out Moony but... " Sirius was giving her a look of uncertainty, but Remus reached over, took a sip of her drink and said. "They are Animagi. A stag… a god, no, a dog, and a rat." "Remus is actually terrible with secrets," Sirius said, rolling his eyes. "All it takes is a few butterbeers and he'd sell his own parents out." "It's true," Remus said, hanging his head. "Very bad with them. Secrets. 'S probably how they all worked it out about me in second year." Sirius nodded. "There's no way your mum could have been sick that much and not kick it." "Tactful, Padfoot." "Cheers, Moony." (Now) Lily wore a sundress to James's party. Sirius insisted on picking her up on his motorbike, now bewitched to fly, for the sake of an entrance. So Lily wore a pair of shorts under the sundress. Just as a precaution. The ride was amazing. Freezing, and loud, but amazing. She got to see as the sun began to sink while she was in the sky. She had never been one for broomsticks, but this was something else. After landing in the Potters' back garden, her fingers frozen around Sirius's waist, Lily burst out laughing. "That was mad!" "I know!" "Absolutely mad!" "I know!" "Can we go again?" "Oi, you two, there's a party going on!" Lily turned to see Peter Pettigrew standing a few feet away, holding a drink and waving them over. "He thinks we're in love," Sirius stage whispered to Lily. Lily laughed, and then turned to plant a kiss on Sirius's cheek. "See you later, stud." "Bye pumpkin!" She hurried toward Peter to join the party. He greeted her happily, steering her toward the drinks table, where she stopped to say hello to James and Remus. Lily was happy to see a number of their classmates were in attendance; the only people noticeably absent were from Slytherin. For a brief second, Lily imagined Severus's face if he knew she was attending a party hosted by James Potter, that they were friends. Friends, which felt almost like a relief. Like they had been waiting forever to finally get to that point. Lily imagined that Severus would find that detestable. "Knut for your thoughts?" It was Sirius, smiling. "It's stupid…" she said, shrugging. "Come on. Stupider than when I cried my eyes out at the end of West Side Story?" Lily laughed. "I'm not sure anything can be." "But Tony dies! And nobody warned me!" "It's based on Romeo and Juliet! You ought to be more surprised that they didn't both die!" "What in the name of Merlin's pants is a Julio and Romette?" Lily laughed. "Muggle thing. Nevermind." Sirius nudged her. "Come on Evans. What's the big thought happening in your brain?" She turned to him, smiling. "I never expected that we would be friends. But I am very glad that we are." "Merlin, Evans, you'll make me blush," Sirius said. But he actually did blush, just a little. "I'm glad we're mates too, you sentimental git." "Oi!" (Then) One early July morning, Lily rolled over, sighing, as she heard the telephone trill.