going well for you. The rebuilding efforts here at Hogwarts are coming along smoothly, though I know I am not alone when I say that I have missed seeing you all summer. I'm sure Ms. Granger has mentioned to you, as is her way, that we would love for you to come finish your last year of schooling. Hogwarts will re-open on the 1st of October. In addition to completing your education, there is another matter I wanted to inform you about. As you well know, the Triwizard Tournament takes place once every four years. The Ministry has seen fit to continue the tradition this year. The Tournament will be held at Beauxbatons, and Hogwarts has been invited to compete. I've included a separate announcement in the packet. Students who are of age are invited to finish their education at Beauxbatons. I'm sure there will be a great many students who will wish to enter the tournament. Although I understand if you do not want to travel abroad. You are most welcome to stay at Hogwarts. The war was hard on everyone, especially you. The Board of Governors accepted the Ministry's invitation, the board believes the Tournament would be another effort towards unity in the face of the end of the war. Let me know your decision. I will await your owl. Sincerely Yours, Headmistress Minerva McGonagall There's a short missive permitting the Eighth years to leave Hogwarts grounds on the weekends, however their curfew is the same as all the other students' during the school week. In the stack of parchment, McGonagall includes the official announcement regarding the Triwizard Tournament, and all interested students are strongly encouraged to attend. It's a standard letter which all students are receiving, but there's a note attached to the notice. The note is a gentle request from McGonagall that he seriously consider seeing a Mind Healer. Somehow it's Hermione's voice Harry hears in his mind as he reads the note. Harry tiredly rubs his face and thinks he will be plenty tired this school year even if he doesn't start seeing a Mind Healer. He sighs and sets the entire sheaf of parchment aside and tells himself to reply to the Headmistress later. Eventually. Harry scribbles out a handful of replies and sends them off one by one with Cari. He sends off a reply to McGonagall last, with a list of the courses he wishes to take in an upbeat letter. He thinks about how a year at Beauxbatons would feel like a fresh start as he scribbles his reply. A place to make new memories. He isn't interested in the tournament and though travelling to a new place is scary, Harry knows he wouldn't be alone. Hermione wouldn't pass up this chance to visit a foreign school. He tells McGonagall he will most likely go with the other students to Beauxbatons, that he has no intention of participating in the tournament and finishes off the note with promises to give the counseling serious thought. Harry chews on his lip as he rereads his letter with a sense of finality, unsure of what he's doing in his life. ~ o ~ o ~ Harry wonders what the proper procedure is when he decides to submit his resignation notice. He and Ron chat about it over apple crumble, inside their own private bubble during lunch. The rest of his lunch is untouched though the sweet cinnamon and tart fruit is enough. In the end, he decides to do it properly in person and goes to Kingsley first before meeting with the Head of the DMLE. He's anxious when he gives Kingsley only one week's notice. Kingsley just looks at him and kindly says he doesn't have to show up for the rest of the week. Kingsley promises Harry that he's always welcome to come back if that's what he wants, and as the Minister of Magic as well as his friend, he appreciates the time and effort that Harry has put in. Harry is relieved. His shoulders feel lighter, and he's just so glad he doesn't have to go back to training the next day. Instead of reading and answering letters, he eats dinner because he wants to (not because he should ), tends to Cari and falls asleep on the couch more relaxed than ever. ~ o ~ o ~ Now that he doesn't have Auror training, Harry finds that he has more time on his hands than he knows what to do with. It's to be expected, since training was his only focus for the past few months. The relief he initially felt has faded. He feels lost again, but tries to not let it bother him. With only the mountain of letters for company, Harry thinks he should find the proper outlet for his extra time. He Floo-calls Andromeda and spends the afternoon with Teddy three days in a row. His days are filled with laughter as he crawls after Teddy around the cottage. His clothes are spotted with baby food and grass stains rather than dirt, sweat and blood, but Harry thinks he's happier than he was. Harry's evenings are interrupted as he tries to sleep. His chest is too small to contain his heart, the muscle beats wildly trying to escape its cage. His mouth and nose can't seem to take in enough air and he's gasping, eyes wet and blinking hard, his legs trapped in a tangle of sheets. It's his own screams that wake him in the night. On the fourth night, he gets out of bed and changes his clothes. He's wearing sweats and old trainers when he leaves Number Twelve. It's pitch black outside. When Harry returns from the jog, his skin is warm and cold at the same time and the sweat that rolls down his neck is from pounding his feet on the pavement instead of dreaming about the faces that will never see again. He falls asleep in bed fully clothed.