greatest asset. She eyed him closely for a moment before turning back to the cutting board to give her hands something to do as she listened to her son. "What are your theories, then?" Hadrian sighed and ran a hand through his messy hair. "I have several really. Mostly I think this is just a political play to spread his influence into Europe. Britain's been particularly quiet on the international stage for a while now, getting their affairs in order. This announcement could act as his declaration that he's ready to expand his empire." He licked his bottom lip in thought. "Jacob supposed that he could be looking to make alliances with European families, bring in fresh stock for the English purebloods. But he also suggested recruitment." "Jacob?" Lily asked sharply, her eyes snapping to his face and the disapproval was stark in the downward twist of her mouth. Hadrian raised his hands helplessly. "He was the one that brought me the news maman , and I picked his brain for ideas. I didn't reveal anything, I'm not an idiot." Lily shook her head, fiery hair jostling at the harsh movement. "That's not what I meant Harry. I know you care for Jacob and your other friends, but you cannot let your affection cloud your judgement. Talking to them about these matters is dangerous, not just for us but for them as well. We've been lucky to keep up this charade for as long as we have. You know how critical secrecy is." "I know , I've always known how important it is, but you do realise that I won't always been able to hide behind our lies. One day, someone is going to figure it out and what will we do then maman ? Run to some other corner of the world, make new names and pray it doesn't happen again?" He could feel the frustration in him growing. "You do realise that they could help us? My friends might be children now , but in the future they will be the elite of French society. If they knew who we really were they could help us prepare, help us-" " Enough !" Hadrian's mouth clicked close on instinct. Lily sighed deeply, and brushed her hair away from her face. Her eyes were tightly closed and Hadrian could see the stress weighing on her. He felt shame prickle at his chest that he had caused the weary expression. He could count on one hand the number of times he had raised his voice at his mother. They rarely fought, because when they did their fights were ugly and painful and they both knew how to twist their words into weapons. "I understand you're frustration Harry, but we must protect ourselves. I'm sorry. This was never the life I wanted for you, but this is where we are." She reached out and delicately brushed her fingers over his cheekbone. He barely had time to register her touch before she was pulling away and retreating from the kitchen, leaving him standing alone next to their half-prepared food. He groaned loudly and hung his head. " Merde ." That had not gone the way he had wanted. But he knew better than to run after his mother and apologise. He had crossed a boundary, and pressing his mother after he had prodded at a wound was not a wise decision unless he wanted her to close away from him more. Hadrian knew very little about his father. Lily had lost something of herself that night when she had fled from their home in Godric's Hollow, and could barely bring herself to speak of James Potter. Hadrian knew his father had been an auror, he knew he had been a powerful man, and he knew he had given his life to give his beloved wife and son an opportunity to escape. But he knew next-to-nothing of the man behind the stories. And now he had gone and reminded his mother that her husband was dead and gone. Gods, he could be such an insensitive bastard sometimes. Hadrian left the kitchen, making his way towards his room and collapsing on his bed. He carelessly tossed an arm over his eyes to shut out the trickle of afternoon light. He would mend things with his mother at a later date, once they had both cooled their tempers. Right now he had to work out what he would do with the inevitable reintroduction of the Triwizard Tournament - because it would be started again, he just knew it. France and Scandinavia would not let themselves be intimidated by Britain. They would see this as a direct challenge to their pride. It did not matter if the tournament was originally banned because it was seen as a horrible waste of young lives, they would willingly throw a young witch or wizard into the tournament just to prove themselves. And Hadrian had a horrible feeling he would be dragged along for the ride. He was widely known in Beauxbatons as the strongest in his year - or at least the one with the most raw power at his fingertips. It would not matter where the tournament took place, he would be expected to go as a representative. Which would put him right in the snake's jaws. Even if he was not chosen as the champion, he would still be trapped until the tournament was over. He could only pray that Jacob was wrong and that Voldemort was not on the lookout for new recruits, because otherwise he had no idea how he would be able to fly below the radar with a fucking Dark Lord lurking around him. Hadrian moved his arm and scrubbed a hand over his face. Whatever happened, he would have no answers tonight. The meeting was two days away, and it was only then that he would get his answers and could properly begin to plan his next move. For now, he was exhausted.