face when I asked for this unprecedented choice. As for the wand, I had actually broken the usual wand core standard... a Kelpie Mane, Apple wand wood, Ten and a half inches. Now, as to actual competence of kelpie hair compared to other cores, I had yet to see. My wand, I knew, was destined to be a wand of greatness. All in all, I trampled over the written rules. Dusty copies of tomes buried deep within my home had their own charms and niches. Some described grotesque experimental spells, some made note of the top forbidden foul creatures known to the wizardkind... I had hard time sleeping during certain nights, but the dark knowledge obtained from the many a quaint and curious volumes of forgotten lore made their worth. I would hazard a gamble that I knew more about dark arts than any other first year students within Hogwarts... letting a young, curious scholar run around amok within a household filled with grim objects. What were they thinking? In addition to the black arcane, I had found various books that matched the list of required textbooks for the first year at Hogwarts. One that caught my attention in particular was the old copy of Magical Drafts and Potions , which contained copious amount of tips and notes informing the reader of much better method of preparing and brewing potions. Intrigued, I substituted the old book for the school supplies, intent upon trying out the informal method. The trip itself to the 9 and 3 quarters was eventful, to say the least. Imagine your typical English bus. Now, make it blacker. And then, give it a personification of a drunkard on cocaine. And, while you are at it, set its hair on fire. That was the Knight Bus. Not a moment of tranquility or peace was given to its passengers in order to gain its speed. The drivers themselves were more scatterbrained if possible. A shrunken ball resembling a head that looked like it was taken out from the pickling jar of a coven witch hung near the driver seat, babbling unintelligible languages in its meaningless conversations. There was a lady that posed danger to everyone else within her meter radius around of being puked upon. All in all, a life experience. I was glad for the lessons I gained through it, but I hoped never to encounter that bus within the future. September 1st, 1991. New Jersey did not have a lot of trains, so I was a bit excited about the prospect of being transported to a castle within it. As for the compartments themselves, I had within my mind developed a top notch method of locating the compartment with most beneficial connections as possible. Even as of now I hesitate to write the trade secret method upon this very protected parchment, but knowledge not passed down to future generations is considered to be wasted in my book. ... "One spot, two spot, zig, zag, tear. Pop-die, pennygot, tennyum, tear. Harum, scare 'em, rip 'em, tear 'em, tay, taw, toe..." Gathering more attention from bystanders in each passing second I began to point my fingers back and forth furiously, trying to pick the best compartment possible. Upon the door of the chosen room I opened with such speed that it startled the two unfortunate students located within. With perfect calm I placed my bag within the space above the seats, sat down, and opened up my favorite volume of grimoire: Necronomicon. Brief silence followed as the other two occupants carefully studied me, while I studied them. One with wild red hair, the other with black messy mop with glasses. "Yo. I hope you don't mind my intrusion. I chose this compartment at random, you see. My name is Jack Black. What's yours?" "...Harry Potter." "Ron Weasley." "Nice to meet you. Now." I clasped my hands together. "I'm excited to go to Hogwarts. How about you?" "Oh yeah," Ron nodded. "We are pretty excited. Magic and all." "Good, good... Ron, do you have brothers?" "Yes?" he replied, confused by my sudden curiosity. "I have several." "Two of them are twins, right?" "Yeah, their names are Fred and George. Why do you ask?" "Just a hunch. They are troublemakers, right? Does pranks." "Definitely. Drives me mum mad all the time." "Perfect. Now, if you'll 'scuse me... save me this spot, would you?" standing up, I grabbed my bag and made my way out to the hall. If they were troublemakers, than I had a deal they would not be able to refuse. It took a great while to find the correct compartment; they were within the middle of the train. Sliding it open I nonchalantly entered, my bag within my hand. "Hello," I spoke toward the surprised occupants. "You are Fred and George, I assume." I nodded toward the two with fiery red hair. "Yes we are." They answered at unison. "My name is Black- Jack Black. And, I have an interesting offer for you. May I sit down?" Sitting next to the African-British student, I reached my hand inside the bag and pulled out a small brown bag. "Griffin Liver. Class B Non-Tradeable Substance. Can only be acquired with proper connections within Knockturn Alley, or if your house is filled with particularly dangerous objects. An important ingredient for certain potions with annoying side effects... pranks, for instance. I'm willing to make a trade. Care to hear the details?" Interested at my proposition the two exchanged glances, and one of them spoke up. "Sure. What do you want from it?" "...Apprenticeship." leaning back, I placed my hands behind my head. "I intend to create an interesting prank that will most certainly startle the students during morning breakfast few days after I arrive to Hogwarts. For that, I will require some information from those more experienced, like yourselves." "A prank to kick off a new year?" one of the twins spoke up. "Sounds great." the other one grinned. "Let's hear it."