you." He whispered. "I know but I don't think our love matters." He stood and fled the room. No sooner had he gone from the window her father came into the room and held her while she cried. She attempted to stay her tears as she slipped on and off her dress. All she could think of was running. She had no place anymore. She used to think her place was with her family but her father had literally sold her to the first person who would take her. Lucius was gone now and he had taken what was left of her broken heart with him. Where would she run to? That was the question. She looked at her traveling cloak hidden under her desk. She didn't know Lily Evans very well but she was kind enough to have seen a woman trapped in an arrangement she wanted no part of. She had dropped the traveling cloak and a bag off this morning winking at her and saying she would see her later regardless. After the last Order meeting she had sat her down and asked her what was wrong. She had been avoiding Arthur since her father had told her about the arranged marriage. He had spent the whole meeting asking her opinion and trying to catch her eye. She had fled to a adjoining sitting room before he had a chance to follow. Lily had followed and charmed the door closed. Her tears poured down her face as she blubbered over the man she loved and the man she had to marry. She patted her hand and sighed. "He's on the other side isnt he?" "Yes, his father forced him. He's being forced into an arranged marriage too." She sniffled sinking deeper into the couch. Lily put an arm around her shoulders. "I loved a boy once." She whispered. Her eyes glazed over and her face looked older beyond her years. "I loved him since the day I met him. He was kind to me when not even my family was. Then at school we got... separated. I loved him and he hated me. He hated me enough that he joined him. He has that mark burned on his arm." Tears fell freely down her cheeks. Molly hugged her tightly. "I'm so sorry Lily." She murmured. "It's been a while but it still hurts. I'm with James now but it will always hurt. I see myself growing old with James and our grandchildren running around and playing but I still see his face in the back of my mind." She covered her face in her hands. They hugged each other tightly. "I'll be there for you." Promised Molly. "And I you." They hugged tightly. She looked at the dress filled with anger and hatred. This wasn't the day she had imagined. Her day had included waking up on a beach somewhere with Lucy snuggled into her side. She was about to slip on her dress again when she heard a knock on her door. She threw her dressing robe on and opened the door. She froze when she saw Arthur Weasley sitting there with Roses and chocolates. He stared at his shoes awkwardly. "I had heard these were your favorite. I'm sorry if I'm intruding Ms. Prewett. I was told you were very nervous. I thought this might help." She looked him over he was not wearing his dress robes or at least she hoped he wasn't. He looked disheveled and tired. "You're not wearing your wedding robes?" She asked. "No. I wanted to get you the chocolates Gideon used to get you. It took a couple of tries." He said sheepishly. She looked at him in shock and took the chocolates he had outstretched for her. She smelled the flowers. Just like Gideon's. Her eyes brimmed with tears and he handed her a handkerchief. "I'm sorry I'm not better at this. I usually make a bumbling mess of things." She smiled through her tears. "No. They're perfect. Thank you." She pressed her nose to the flower again inhaling the scent. "So... are you going to run?" She froze as he raised his hands up in the air. "I just want to know so I don't have to put on the stuffy old robes. I mean they're new but I had fancy robes. I have to wear them every day for work and I... I'm rambling. I'm sorry." "There's no need to apologize." She didn't know why she was smiling but she was. "I think we need to start over." He paused and smiled. He plucked one rose from the bouquet and turned around and left the room. She stood in shock confused about what had just happened. Why had he taken a flower back? Why- A knock came from the door and she rushed to open it. He was standing there in his dress robes with his hair combed and his face washed. "Hi. I'm Arthur. I like nonsensical things and I like you. If you'll have me." He handed her the rose smiling sheepishly at her. He reminded her so much of Gideon it hurt her heart to breathe. She paused clutching the flowers to her chest. "I'm Molly. I like to... bake and I guess... We could... try." She smiled back. His face split into a grin that warmed her heart. Maybe just maybe she would be okay. She placed her bouquet down on the bed and picked up her roses from Arthur. She took the blue ribbon her aunt had given her and wrapped it around her flowers. Gideon would be proud of her. Molly had her wedding gown on. She was ready to leave to the reception. She was just waiting for her charm to... She froze as she began to tremble at her reflection in the mirror. She had seen the spell turn blue. Her face was as pale as her wedding dress as she looked into the mirror. She was pregnant.