my face couldn't help but let out a surprised yelp as pudding rained down covering my arms and hair. There were screams from the living room, and the adults shot into the kitchen, eyes fastening on Harry. Dread flooded through me as I realized—Harry had played the game right into a trap. With his hand covered in gooey icing, and his entire body dripping with violet frosting, it looked like he had deliberately… Their eyes shifted to me: Me, arms still out as if I'd tried to protect the cake from Harry. Me, the innocent bystander, who had seen the obviously disturbed little boy reaching for the cake and tried to help. "It's just our nephew, very disturbed—we keep him upstairs…" And the whole thing was glossed over by Mr. Dursley, who smiled and chuckled nervously. Mrs. Mason looked horrified at the thought of me being that close to Harry. "Come, Rowan…" "I'll stay and help clean up," I offered shakily. Mrs. Dursley stepped in, digging out some ice cream for the Masons and me (after she handed me a towel to clean myself up), trying to calm everything by flattering the Masons about how well behaved I was. As soon as the Masons were ushered back, Mr. Dursley leaned towards Harry and whispered menacingly, forgetting I was there. "You're in for it now, boy..." And with a slight twitch of his mustache he slipped back into the living room, joking. Harry held the mop and bucket he'd been handed, hands shaking so hard I thought he would drop them. Stepping forward, I took the mop from him and handed him my bowl of untouched ice cream. "Here." Harry protested, "No-it's-" "I'm not going to have you faint-you look half dead. Eat," I pushed him into a chair and began to mop. It was a very messy clean up; I smeared cake frosting all over the floor making the mess worse before I finally managed to wipe it all off. All the while Harry sat uncomfortably, wolfing the ice cream as if he hadn't eaten in days, looking embarrassed. "It's not what you think," he mumbled as he finished his ice cream. "They don't starve me, or—stuff like that." "Sure looked like it," I retorted, watching him grab a rag and start cleaning the cupboards. "I want the explanation I was promised, or I swear I'll make you eat the entire tub of ice cream." Harry washed off the rag. "You're a witch;" Seeing my shocked expression he scrambled to explain "I mean that in a good way. It means you're a female who can do magic. But what I don't understand is why you weren't accepted into Hogwarts." I opened my mouth, and he added, "Hogwarts is a magic school." "Oh." I closed my mouth, frowning. "I...you do magic there?" Harry nodded. "With my wand." "Wand?" I smiled taking in the absurdity of the whole situation, "How do you know I'm a witch?" "Well you said it. Sometimes when we're upset things happen. A glass explodes a book flies off the shelf… You've had it happen to you haven't you?" Harry looked at me, and I couldn't hide my shock. When I was five or so, I'd been petting a garden snake I'd found in the schoolyard. One of the kids had called me a freak, and I'd wished on everyone that laughed that something horrible happened to them. The next day, five kids were absent from the flu, two tripped and got skinned knees, and three got in trouble. And the worst thing was that I had the sickening feeling every time something bad happened to them, that it was my fault. It wasn't guilt from the wish...I just knew. Everything was starting to make sense. Every time someone called me a freak or a witch. Every time a foster family turned me back because accidents always seemed to involve me. I was a magic. I opened my mouth but, before I could say anything, there was a shriek. Harry and I ran to the doorway of the living room just in time to see a large owl swoop away, out the window, dropping an envelope on Mr. Mason. Mrs. Mason was screaming and pointing at the bird. When I had first moved in with them, I'd found a nest of pigeons upstairs in the attic, and I'd brought her upstairs to see it. That was the first time I'd realized that she was terrified of all birds, big or small. Mr. Mason had to call the exterminators and remove the birds. After that, I'd learned to react quickly whenever there was a bird nearby; swatting away seagulls at the beach, notifying clients of her bird fears before she saw the pet canary… I leapt forward and caught the envelope in my hands, staring at the envelope's crest. Ministry of Magic. "Is this a joke?" Mr. Mason demanded, as Mr. Dursley stuttered apologies. Harry was frozen in the doorway, his mop still poised on the floor, on top of a half-scrubbed cake smudge. Mr. Mason helped his shaking wife up, murmuring soothing suggestions of taking her out for dinner before turning to me "Come, Rowan, we're done here." I frowned. I had to know about Harry…"But I-" "Come," said, a little sharper. I cast a look behind me, at Harry, who shook his head slightly. His lips curved upwards as he tried for a smile. Go, his emerald eyes beckoned. I'll be fine. I glanced at the Dursleys-Mr. Dursley was still stuttering, but his eyes promised painful death for Harry and his mustache was quivering like a living animal. Harry's smile froze, becoming more than a little nervous. He clung at the mop, mopping the ground silently. I crossed the room, my flats thumping against the carpet. The Dursley's spluttered and pleaded with the Masons, as I reached Harry. "Your-the letter." I handed it to him, and, my voice a whisper, added quietly, "I'll be back. I promise."