"Why are you quitting again, Malfoy?" Hermione asked him quietly, still clutching his waist, her expression serious now. Draco smiled and responded a bit playfully. "I was running away from this infuriating witch –" With a scoff, she dug her fingers onto his waist, "You are such a coward, ferret – but it's okay, I'm brave enough for both of us. Can this infuriating witch convince you to stay?" His signature smirk appeared, "No, but she can convince me to visit here… you know, collect her for lunch dates and the like." A slow grin spread accross her face, and she tiptoed up to peck the corner of his mouth. "Will it be sufficient to convince you if she tells you that she might be in love with you?" Draco dropped his hands from her arms finally, but only to circle his arms around her back to pull her flush against him. With a wicked voice he whispered against her ear, "I would truly hope it's not a matter of 'might be'… as it is, be ready for lunch Monday. I will collect you at one." And their lips met again for a repeat performance of that searing kiss they had shared. DMHG A bit away, a group of old Slytherin students joined the grouping of old Gryffindors with handshakes and grins. With a lot of grumbling, everyone paid up to Ginny and Pansy, who were grinning like the Cheshire cat. They counted their galleons gleefully before nodding that everyone was accounted for. "Why do we never win Harry… It's some conspiracy I tell you!" Pansy took mercy on a mumbling Ron eventually and smirked at him as she patted her fat pocket that housed her winnings. "If you ask nicely Weasley, you can help me drink up these galleons tomorrow at that new pub." Ron watched her calculatingly for a few seconds, then grinned at the pretty witch – whom he normally rather loathed, but hey if she was willing to share galleons – before nodding in agreement. Just then, he remembered the reason for the bets in the first place and turned a lovely shade of green, reminiscent of Harry's earlier. "Say… do you think Mione will like – you know – do things with the ferret face now?" Everyone grinned and nodded salaciously, except for Harry who turned pale once more. But before anything could be said, Ron got smacked behind on the head… hard. Sputtering, he turned around to see a glaring Hermione and smirking Malfoy standing behind him. "Bloody hell Mione! What was that for?" Hermione's foot tapped in irritation as she continued glaring at him, "You don't call Draco 'ferret' again in my presence. And quit discussing my sex life." Ron and Harry both gaped at her, but this time Harry responded. "But Hermione… you call him ferret all the time! And he calls Ron weasel and me scarhead…" Hermione's brows shot up at him, obviously astounded that he dared cross her. "Only I can call him that. And he won't call you that again either – in my presence at least." The duo grumbled but nodded; Draco seemed like he wanted to protest the last bit, but a glare from Hermione had him closing his mouth instantly – much to the delight of everyone around them. It was as they left to dance that the friends all turned to each other once more, glints of mischief in their eyes. "How long till you think they either kill each other or marry each other?" Theo asked grinning as comprehension dawned on the others. Immediately the bets got raised. Ron gave his first, "One week and Mione hexes his arse in a fight." Theo then shook his head, "No… three months and he proposes." Harry laughed him at that, "You wish! Three months and Hermione dumps him when he proposes." Pansy and Ginny shared a look but waited out the rest. "One year and he pops the question." Daphne smiled in satisfaction at her bet but was instantly followed by Gregory Goyle. "Six months and he leaves her after a fight." Tracey scoffed at her husband as she held his arm, "I say they will be pregnant by six months… and marry after the birth." Everyone laughed at Tracey, for they knew Draco and Hermione, and they had too high values to have that happen. Finally Pansy placed her bet, "I say they marry in a year after they break up temporarily in a big fight." She nodded in satisfaction, and Ginny placed her bet with Pansy without preamble. DMHG One Year Later Harry sat grumbling at the table designated to the closest friends of the bride and groom, Ron sat next to him also grumbling. The other lot did not look much better either. Only Ginny sat next to her husband, grinning widely. Pansy sat next to Ron with much the same grin. Eventually, Ron glared at his girlfriend and huffed. Pansy shot him a grin and then quietly slipped him half of her winnings under the table. "Make sure you buy me something with that, or I'll hex you, Weasel." Ron lost his pouty face and instead grinned happily at Pansy, then leaned in to whisper something in her ear. Whatever it was, no one would ever know, but it had the normally poised witch blushing red. Just then the dancefloor got opened, and everyone turned to watch the bride and groom waltzing under the moonlight to their first dance as husband and wife. Hermione looked up into her husband's grey eyes as they twirled around on the dance floor, she watched as he grinned down at her. "Well, Mrs. Malfoy, I must say… I am awfully glad that you snuck that mistletoe over my head a year ago. I always knew you'd crawl after me one day –" Hermione only pinched his side and glared before smirking naughtily up at him, "And I always knew you watched me every second…" The End