star. Her expert beating had won Hufflepuff the Quidditch Cup for the first time in 23 years. Life was good for Rolanda. .oOo. However, things became much harder when school ended. Cressida, Dione, and Cantankerous had sided with Pandora, and the four of them refused to speak to Rolanda, who spent most of her summer locked in her room. At social gatherings, she simply let herself blend into the background. Her mother was most disappointed. The walls in the Selwyn Manor were extremely thin, and Rolanda refused to give her sister the satisfaction of hearing her crying. She stayed strong, stifling her emotions for the entire holidays. However, by the time she got back to Hogwarts, she couldn't keep up the emotional barriers any longer. She skipped the Start-Of-Term Feast, seeking refuge in the first-floor girls' bathroom instead. She sunk to the ground and cried. She cried until there were no more tears left to shed. She hated how much power her sister still had over her;in the end, after everything that had happened, a small part of Rolanda still longed for her family's acceptance. Then, she heard the bathroom door creak open. Lisbeth appeared, holding ice cream in one hand and tissues in the other. She set both down on the cold tile floor before wrapping her arms around Rolanda, who poured her heart out. Lisbeth listened. After that, they were inseparable. When Lisbeth joined the Quidditch Team and became the second beater, they worked miraculously well together. Whenever one of them needed a hand or a shoulder to cry on, the other was there. They formed a perfect team. Their closeness didn't go unnoticed by Cressida, who had decided to emulate Pandora now that the latter had left. She was cold, haughty and self-righteous–a perfect Selwyn. After what happened to Pandora, Cressida knew better than to pick fights with Rolanda, but she shot daggers at her younger sister whenever she could. Rolanda noticed, though she pretended not to. It hurt just as much as Pandora's frigidity had. One night, as Rolanda lay in bed, she grew nostalgic. She thought of days spent playing with her sisters in perfectly manicured gardens, she thought of days spent laughing with her sisters in immaculate drawing-rooms. You don't miss those days , she told herself sternly. The tears that welled up in her eyes betrayed her. Before long, she was sobbing. She hated herself for caring so much, but she couldn't help it. In the end, she was only a frightened fourteen year old girl, and all she wanted was to be loved. Soon, a warm body slipped into her bed, its voice calm and soothing. It was Lisbeth's, and she wrapped her strong arms around Rolanda's waist. "Please don't cry," she pleaded, real pain in her voice. "I hate hearing you sob." Slowly, Rolanda's tears subsided. Lisbeth made to get up, but the younger girl clutched onto her hand as if it were a lifeline. Lisbeth sunk back into the bed, and the two girls fell asleep side by side, fingers intertwined and heartbeats in sync. .oOo. Months passed and Rolanda found herself in her childhood home once again, surrounded by people who despised her. One evening, as she sat at the dinner table, Pandora, who was seated on her left side, elbowed her as she drank. Pumpkin juice spilled down her dress robes and her mother scowled. "Rolanda! You are fifteen! A girl of your status should know how to dine!" "Forgive her, Mother. She's a little soft in the head, after all. Classic Hufflepuff, you know," Pandora said sweetly. "Your sister is no Hufflepuff, do not insult her. She is a Selwyn. The Sorting Hat simply made a mistake," her mother reprimanded. Rolanda couldn't bear to hear her House talked about like that. "It didn't," she growled. "Pardon?" her mother enquired, eyes glittering dangerously. "Crazy, I tell you! That Mudblood Hooch is having a negative impact on her!"Pandora cried gleefully. Rolanda rose from her seat, throwing her napkin onto her sister's lap. "Mother, I said that the Sorting Hat had put me in the right house. Sorry, but I'm a Hufflepuff through and through. Did I mumble?" Her father rose as well, towering above her. "You shall not to speak to your mother in such a tone. You owe her respect, goddammit! She birthed you! We didn't raise you to be such an ungrateful bint!" "Father, dear, you didn't raise me at all. The house-elves and governesses did. You never loved or respected me. I owe you nothing," Rolanda snarled. Her father shook with rage at her insubordination. "Get. Out. Don't come back." Rolanda smiled sweetly. "I already had one foot out the door." Then, she ran, snatching her broomstick from the coatroom as she went. She mounted it and flew away from her childhood home, leaving all the memories where they belonged: in the past. When she finally reached the Hooch residence, she located Lisbeth's bedroom and pounded on her window furiously. She was let in immediately by the raven-haired girl, whose bright blue eyes had a worried look in them. "I left," Rolanda whispered. Lisbeth gasped, wrapping her arms around her friend. "Well done. I'm so proud of you." "Tha-Thank you." Suddenly, the two girls' eyes met, and Rolanda could hear her heart pounding. As Lisbeth moved closer, her heart beat just as fast. Their lips were mere inches from each other when Lisbeth pulled away. Rolanda looked hurt. "Why?" Lisbeth bit her lip. "You're, well, you're a Selwyn . You're going to end up having to marry some rich pureblood, and I wouldn't want to ruin you." "I already told you. I left. Besides, I know what my destiny is, and that's not it. I've discovered where I'm supposed to be, and that's by your side." "I-I can't have you falling in love with a Mudblood, " Lisbeth murmured, words catching in her throat. Leaning in, Rolanda smirked. "It's a little late for that, I'm afraid."