there is a glamour charm that was placed upon you when Mr and Mrs Granger adopted you; if you want I can remove it for you now." "Are you sure?" Hermione asked looking at Katherine and Edmund. "You are a Black and Rosier, Hermione. You can have the charm removed, we don't mind." "Then please remove it Mr Gornuk." "Of course Miss Rosier." Gornuk spoke in the Goblins language and Hermione suddenly felt a little taller and different. "Have you got a mirror?" "Yes, it's just over there." Hermione walked in the pointed direction and looked at her new self in the floor length mirror. She had straight dark brown nearly black hair that hung to just below her shoulders. Her eyes were black with specks of violet. Her nose was pointed just like all Black family members and she had the traditional high cheek bones and bow shaped lips. "Wow." She whispered. Turning to face the others she smiled and they returned it. "Will that be all for you today Miss?" "Yes, thank you Mr Gornuk." "Ah, Gornuk, can we exchange the Muggle money for some Galleons, we must buy Hermione her school supplies." "Yes, of course." They exchanged the money and soon were walking out of Gringotts they made their way to Flourish and Blotts, then the Apothecary, Potage's Cauldron Shop, Eeylops Owl Emporium and then to Madam Malkin's Robes for all Occasions. Walking into the store Hermione was immediately faced with a woman who reminded Hermione of the grouchy old woman from the local Library. "Hello dear, how may I help you today?" "I need school robes please and some everyday robes too please." "Of course, your first year?" "Yes, ma'm." "Alright let me measure you and we'll have you all done in a jiffy." Smiling Hermione waited while the woman took her measurements and then disappeared behind a curtain at the back of the shop. A few minutes later and Hermione was presented with her school robes, four of them, plus two for extra occasions. "Madam Malkin, would you mind doing two travelling cloaks for Hermione as well." "Yes, of course sir." Again she disappeared and again after a few minutes she returned with the two requested items. After paying for the robes, they finally went into Ollivander's Wand Shop. They entered into the small shop and found that Ollivander was busy just inside the shop behind a shelf. "Good day to you, sir." Hermione said politely. "Ah, Miss Rosier, or are you going by Black?" "Miss Rosier is fine thank you sir." "Alright then Miss Rosier, I see you're here for your first wand, which is your wand arm?" "My right." He measured her and then walked to the front of the shop, pulling out a long black box he brought the wand over to where she was waiting. "Hmm, let's see try this one, ten inches, unicorn hair, maple wood, great for charms." She looked at the wand that felt like it was just a piece of wood. She looked at Ollivander expectantly. "Well give it a wave my dear." She did as he said and watched as the glass sitting on the counter cracked. "No, not that one… Try this one, ten and three quarters, phoenix feather, cherry wood." She gave it a wave and the already cracked glass exploded. Almost throwing the wand back at him she waited for the next one. After trying exactly thirty wands, Ollivander finally pulled one out and looked at Hermione. "I do hope we can find you your wand soon Miss Rosier, I'm sure you are quite tired." She nodded, she was tired and hungry, but she wanted her wand. "Alright, this one is ten and three quarter inches, dragon heartstring, vine wood." She took it and felt an all consuming warmth run up her fingers and fill her being. She smiled and waved her wand a shower of blue and black sparks erupted from her wand. "Well done. That wand will be your companion for life Miss Rosier, treat it with care and it will do everything that you ask of it." "Thank you, sir. How much do I owe you?" "Seven Galleons." She paid and left with the Granger's. The trio were making their way down to the Leaky Cauldron when an owl flew past them and dropped a letter in front of Hermione. She looked at the name on the front of the envelope and saw that it was addressed to Hermione Black Rosier. Picking it up she turned it over and flipped the cover up, taking the letter out she read through its contents. Dear Hermione, I hope you have been informed of your real family, we are readily awaiting your return to us and we look forward to meeting you in person and not hearing of you from Melania, your Great Aunt, she was absolutely ecstatic about seeing you and now the whole family wants to meet you. If you want to meet us please ask your guardians if they will floo with you to Black House, West Sussex. We await your arrival. Aunt Walburga. Hermione gave the letter to Katherine and waited for them to decide. "Well, do you want to go?" "I don't know, they are my biological family and I suppose it'd be better if I get the meeting and introductions sorted out. You won't be offended if I decide to stay with them will you?" "I think its best that you do meet them, and no, we won't be offended, we promised your aunt Druella that we would keep you only until you turned eleven. I know it sounds horrible, but that's what we agreed to when we signed the contract and if we don't comply with the contract it will kill us." "Alright then let's get this done with." Hermione trailed behind her foster parents and soon they were entering the pub once more. Only this time they wouldn't be leaving together or entering together again.