thing that I would like to tell you, Toad ," Black began, watching the woman's expression mold into a most unpleasant one, as though she had been sucking on a lemon. "Is that each one of you‒" he flicked his gaze to both Crouch and Fudge respectively. "Is a daft, blind, fool." Not once did the prisoner's voice break, hoarse and tormented as it was. For a long moment, silence reigned. Satisfied, the prisoner leaned his weight back on the wall casually, as if he were not wheezing past weak, bruised lungs and starved half to death. His grey eyes confidently swerved over each face: Umbridge's swiftly reddening, indignant one, Fudge's gobsmacked one, and Crouch's passive, shrewd satisfaction. Then, the stunned silence was broken by a hoarse laugh (That would be Black.) and an incantation, clipped and shrill with rage (And that, Dolores Umbridge.) "Crucio!" The Torture Curse hit with ferocity, slamming into his gut hard enough to break the blood vessels and bruise the skin horribly. Black's hysterical, triumphant cackle (He was just a little out of sorts, but, honestly, who could blame him?) suddenly rocketed upwards into a shriek of agony. Fire pulsed through his bloodstream, but through it all he still managed to slam his teeth onto his bottom lip and quell the scream, thanks to his unfortunately extensive experience with the Unforgivable. In all of two seconds the awful sound had dissipated into harsh scrabbling of twitching limbs against the cold stone floor and pained wheezes. His chains pulled against his thrashing body painfully, adding to the torture. Before him and to the right, Umbridge was searing the jagged bolt of red light into the prisoner with vehemence. Her eye were bulging hideously and her frizzy hair was falling out of its curls. The witch's pudgy, ringed hand shook as she pushed and pushed at Black with all her fury and hate. But, in the end, she realized that she was losing the battle of wills. Black would not scream again, and she dropped her wand arm, breathing heavily like an enraged bull. As Black's vision slowly cleared to a slightly less wobbly quality, he wondered with confusion and a healthy amount of wariness why the Toad had stopped. He probably would have slipped up eventually, and usually his captors were quite content to wait him out. The answer floated into his consciousness almost immediately: they were becoming impatient. Black shivered at the realization, feeling the hair on the back of his neck stand up as his eyes widened with dread. With a sickening fear creeping into his mind, the convict raised his head to see what his interrogators, who were suspiciously quiet, were doing. Umbridge, he was happy to see, was still royally pissed off. Good, he thought. That bitch deserves it. Fudge was glaring now, the expression so ridiculously like that of a sulky child about to throw a temper tantrum that Sirius almost laughed again, held back only by the difficulty he still had regaining his breath. Crouch was the odd one out; he looked just as proper and collected as always, distinguished only by the satisfaction in his posture and the sadistic glint in his eyes. Black stiffened, chest still heaving under the strain of trying to breathe past his broken ribs. He kept his wary grey eyes on Crouch's approaching figure, mouth set in a grim line. The man stopped about a foot before him, and took a moment to look down and contemplate the prisoner before speaking. "As you've likely noticed, Black," Crouch spoke softly to him, "certain traditional methods are simply not working. And as you still insist on being stubborn on this matter, the time has come now to resort to other things. We have tried to avoid shattering you for sake of the mess it would cause, but now you have given us no choice. Your sanity, Black, is of no importance to us. So we see no need to continue on with this silly game of cat-and-mouse." Black swallowed thickly past the fog in his head as Crouch swam before him, smiling in a way that twisted the convict's stomach. The whole world seemed to slow to a stop as Crouch leaned in one last time and finished: "You are going to tell us all you know, Black, whether you want to or not, because we are going to shatter every single part of your body in the most painful way possible, and destroy your mind while we do it." Satisfied with Black's now whitened but resolute face, the man stood up easily and withdrew, turning to his companions. They can't do anything worse than they already have, Padfoot, Black tried. They can't… But he still didn't believe it. If there was anything that he had learned throughout his seven years of hell, it was that things could always get worse. He scowled. That's the spirit, Sirius, he thought bitingly. "Are we all quite ready, Dolores, Cornelius?" he asked in a very business-like manner. "Well, I, ah, do not think we can do anything else at this point… er, can we?" Fudge blustered, fiddling with his bowler hat. So, one of them is worried about their reputation, then, Black observed. Of course it would be Fudge, of the three of them. He would do anything to save his precious reputation. Umbridge was still staring at Black with a manic, evil look in her face that unsettled him greatly. He knew that she was the one out of his captors who enjoyed torturing him the most, and knew that he would likely pay for his defiance. "Yes, Barty. Yes, I am," she breathed unusually calmly, eyes narrowing shrewdly. Crouch's lips twisted up slightly. Black waited. "Good." Then, with a sardonic grin, he directed his wand between Black's eyes. " Sensus Contemneris. " And with that, everything that Sirius Black could see, hear, taste, smell, and touch exploded into agony more intimate than anything he had ever experienced.