year, before he had the capacity to realize the graveness of the situation, he had not only hoped that she would be a victim of the Chamber of Secrets but he told her he hoped so. Right to her face in front of the whole school. If someone had done that to him he would never give them the time of day. He wondered about this again during a particularly hard session. She was more curious about his father than usual, and had asked him one to many questions. The one thing he promised himself he would never talk about, under any and all circumstances, was the things that happened in his house behind closed doors. How his father threatened and beat him for years, until Draco finally turned into a version of himself that Lucius could be proud of. She asked, as gently as possible, if his father was ever cruel to him. He told her that no such thing had happened, just as he always did. All she did was ask him if he was sure, and the impossible happened. He cried. At first it was just a few stray tears that managed to escape, which he quickly wiped away before they could slide down his cheek. But once the first few were out he couldn't stop the rest. He choked and gasped for air, while years worth of suppressed emotions fought to break free for the first time. Draco wanted nothing more than to hide and never resurface, but settled with putting his face in his hands. Moments later a delicate and warm hand landed on his shoulder while the space on the couch next to him sank under her weight. She let him cry, not saying a word until he had stopped. Her hand stayed on his shoulder, occasionally moving back and forth in an attempt to sooth him. Hermione's touch was gentle and caring, and not meant for someone who had been so cruel to her for so long. Without realizing it he leaned into her hand, craving the comfort he hadn't known he needed so badly. When he finally finished crying he was the first to break the silence. "Why are you even bothering with me?" He asked, his voice coming out strained and shaky. Her hand slid down slightly as she shifted in her seat. "What do you mean?" She asked. Though he wasn't looking at her he was sure she wore a puzzled expression. Her confusion was made clear in her voice "Have you forgotten how I treated you in school?" He asked, still unable to meet her eyes. "Because unless you have I don't see how you could possibly have any interest in wanting to help me. Either you've forgotten or you remember and you're even crazier than I am." She was quiet for a few moments. Draco could almost hear the gears turning in her head while she began to form the perfect response. "You're not crazy." She spoke softly, and he sensed some hesitation in her words. "But no, I haven't forgotten." "Then why are you helping me?" Her hand moved from his shoulder to her lap. The spot where she had touched him only seconds before quickly grew cold. He silently wished she would change her mind and put her hand back on his arm. "You haven't said it, but I know you feel guilty about how you treated me in school." "How?" She, of course, was right. He'd never had the courage to verbalize the guilt he felt every time he stepped into her office. Sometimes when he looked at her he saw the face of a twelve year old girl who had been called 'mudblood' for the first time. When the words left his mouth he expected, even hoped, that it would hurt her feelings. The thought that he had taken joy in her pain made his stomach churn. Hermione sighed quietly, pushing some of her curly hair behind her ear. "Well, for one, you call me Hermione now." She said with a small laugh. "And you've said that the way you used to feel about muggleborns is different from how you feel now. It's clear that you have at least some respect for me because you've been willingly taking my advice for almost two months." "Respect and guilt are two very different things." He pointed out, finally having the courage to look at her. Her thin brows were pulled together as she once again tried to think of an answer. "That's true." She agreed. "I just… have a feeling." She glanced over at him curiously. "Am I right?" Draco rolled his eyes at her, "You're always right." He said, glancing up at the clock on the wall. His crying fit must have been longer than it felt since the hour was already up. He wiped his face until his skin was dry then got to his feet. "I should go." "Okay." She said, moving from the couch to sit back in her armchair. "I'll see you next week." He started towards the door, but found himself stopping before he could leave. The words he wanted to say got stuck in his throat. Behind him he could feel her watching him, waiting for him to do something. As she usually did when she could sense his hesitation she remained quiet, waiting until he was ready. "Hermione?" "Yes?" He was once again unable to look at her, keeping his eyes fixed on the door he'd yet to open. But he didn't need to look at her to know the exact look on her face. Over the past two months he'd learned her expressions when he started acting strange. "I am sorry, you know." He finally managed to say. "I know." He couldn't help but smile ever so slightly. It was such a Hermione-like response, and he hand't expected much else. "I'll see you next week." He said before opening the door and walking out of her office.