but she looked fine. "So what did you go back in time for?" She asked them curiously. Her demeanor was drastically different from when she had first approached them. Sirius wondered why if witches were being persecuted she was being so casual about their use of magic "Just to try it." James said with a shrug, "To see what it was like." Katherine raised a dark eyebrow at him. "And?" She asked, a hint of a smile on her lips. "What is it like?" "Well considering we got shot at in the first few minutes it's going really well." Her cheeks turned slightly pink. Sirius wondered if noticing how cute she looked was wrong. If she was hundreds of years older than him. But at the same time they were the same age. He decided not to think about it since it made his head spin. "Sorry about that." She said bashfully. "These days a single woman living alone has little to protect. My property is pretty much all I have. The last thing I need is someone to ruin that for me." "You're pretty young to be living on your own." Sirius pointed out, "And weren't women your age these days married off by their parents really young." She shook her head, "My parents got sick a few years ago and sent me off to live with a man they wanted me to marry so I didn't get sick as well." Katherine told them. "He was a brave man, but foolishly so. He went on hunting trips that were far too difficult for the little experience he had. He died." "Oh," he said, "Sorry to hear that." Katherine shrugged. "I never wanted to marry him." She said, "It sounds cruel but it saved me from an unhappy life." A small smile grew on her face. "But something tells me you're not just asking about my relationship status out of pure concern." "He has a tendency to flirt with anything that moves." James said, giving Sirius a light push. She laughed quietly. "And I'm guessing your looks usually help you get away with that?" "Are you calling me hot?" Katherine shook her head, her smile growing even more. "No, but I can tell lots of girls from where your from do." Remus shot Sirius a look, his eyebrows raised high. "Are you really flirting with her right now?" He asked in disbelief. Though Sirius was surprised that his friend expected anything else from him. "Can you ever think about anything else?" "Yes, actually, I can." He replied. "I just choose not to." She laughed again, standing up and crossing over to a small set of cabinets. "I was just about to make myself dinner when I got back. Would you boys like some?" Sirius was the first to agree to staying for something to eat. xXx It was no Hogwarts feast, but it was clearly the best she could do so none of them commented on it. Once she didn't see them as a threat to her property she'd warmed up to them quickly. Before they knew it they were all making jokes and laughing together. Since dark had fallen and the only way to measure time was a sun dial outside it was hard to tell what time it was. But they could tell it was getting late. Though they all knew that the Marauders would have to be leaving soon none of them talked about it. They asked Katherine a lot about her life and what things were like in 1453. She answered all of their questions then asked about their own lives. They'd all seen movies about time travel and what happened when people from the past learned too much about the future and were apprehensive about answering. She seemed to catch onto this quickly and eventually stopped asking them about the 70's. Katherine was funny and quick witted, and got along with them surprisingly well considering she'd only just met them. Sirius was disappointed that he couldn't have met her at school as opposed to a completely different time period. He wouldn't mind cuddling up with her in a broom closet if he was given the opportunity. She told them that the people in her village looked down on her for being an independent young woman, and even more so for wearing her older brothers trousers on occasion instead of dresses. The one thing she demanded to know was if women were treated differently in the future. When it was time for the boys to go she did her best to hide the fact that she was disappointed, but they could still tell. She hugged them all goodbye, and Sirius liked to think she hugged him a few seconds longer than the others. Remus took out the time turner and confirmed they had turned it 12 times before. As they gathered together and got ready to leave she spoke up again. "Will you come visit me again?" She asked, a hint of hope showing on her face. They had all agreed to use the turner only once and then put it back in the Disappearing Room so they wouldn't get in too much trouble. Dealing with one without permission was risky, and Remus was convinced that it was illegal. But how could they not even consider going back to see her? It seemed cruel to leave her with the knowledge of magic and never see her again. "Yeah, we'll come back." Sirius told her before one of his friends could say otherwise. She smiled, wider than she had the whole night. Any doubt he had about what he just agreed to disappeared at the sight of how happy it made her. "I'll be waiting." After turning the small hourglass 12 times over they were taken back to Hogwarts and to their normal lives. Sirius wasn't sure he would be able to live up to the promise he made but he sure as hell intended to try.