let her think she was in control for a few minutes, abiding by her silent orders. While her nimble fingers worked his lips moved from hers down to her chin, then even lower until he kissed her neck. She squirmed ever so slightly as he softly bit on a spot just above her collarbone. She sat up just enough to yank her shirt off of her arms and toss it to the side. Before she laid back down he hooked his finger in her hair tie and pulled until her hair fell down, a tornado of dark curls finally released. Instead of kissing her again when she was on her back once more he took the opportunity to examine her. While not as heavily freckled as her face, spots of pigment exploded like landmines along her torso. She looked as though she were designed by an experienced artist, each and every curve of her body planned out in advanced to create the perfect masterpiece. Kathleen was the prettiest girl he'd had laying beneath him, and he once again wondered how she had flown under his radar for so long. When he kissed her again her hands got to work undoing both the tie and vest he wore over a button up shirt. Her hands were like heaven while he was hell. The two were so different. Yet when put together there wasn't much different between them. It was clear she wanted power and control in the situation. But he knew that ultimately he would overpower her with ease. He heard to thuds as her shoes hit the floor, another barrier between them gone. His hands traveled up her thighs until they were under her skirt. Under his fingertips he could feel the small indentation of stretch marks as his hands climbed higher and higher. He read a poem once comparing a women stretch marks to lightning, and he wanted her thunderstorm. The more of her body he discovered, the more convinced he became that she was perfect. At least physically speaking, which was the only thing he truly cared about. Her fingers started to fumble with the buttons of his shirt as he kissed lower and lower on her body. Though she tried to contain them several moans escaped her lips. The sound was soft and delicate, and only made him kiss her harder. Tom never understood why girls tried to hide how aroused they got. He wanted her to be as direct as she had always been. The fact that she was being so shy about it made him wonder how many boys had been intimate with her before him. As her hands reached halfway down his stomach Tom flipped them over, so she was now on top of him. He stayed sitting up so he could still kiss her and helped her undo the rest of the buttons on his shirt. Her hands pushed the fabric off his shoulders, then ran along his torso. Their body heat mixed together into a perfect concoction of hormones and lust. Tom kicked off his own shoes, yet another layer gone. Her nails started to dig into his back while his hands explored under her skirt. As his hands traveled higher and higher she shifted ever so slightly. The friction, despite how little movement she had made, drove him mad with desire and left him wanting more. He unzipped her skirt and with some difficulty, and her assistance, it fell to the floor with the rest of their clothes. With so little separating them she was having more and more difficulty containing herself. She bit down on her lower lip while his hands moved over what little fabric she had on. His hands moved to her back, unhooking her bra and sending it off to the floor, another item out of their way. While he wasn't a fan of commitment to just one girl he wondered if he could be with another after Kathleen. Could any compare to her? Would he ever have the same attraction to another? He'd never been so fixated on someone before, never wanted someone so badly. And it was hard to imagine he would again. They switched once more so she lay on her back again, her hair creating a curly halo around her head. He kissed every inch of her torso until her hands pulled at him, silently willing him to come back up to where she could reach him. Their lips crashed together, both hungry and eager for what they knew was soon to come. Her legs wrapped around his waist, keeping him locked in place. As if he was planning on going somewhere. Her hands ran along his torso, sliding lower and lower each time. The feeling of her fingertips on his skin sent a shiver down his spine. Kathleen finally reached the hem of his pants, undoing the button with much more ease than she had experienced with those on his shirt. She tugged them down, but could only get them off so much before he did the rest of the work. A small moan escaped her lips while his mouth once again began exploring her neck and chest. Tom took of the last two remaining clothes they had on, his hands running along her body now that she was fully exposed. Her cheeks had turned pink from her increased body heat and her grey eyes were filtered with lust. She let out a small yelp when he pushed himself inside her, her fists tightly grabbing onto his bed sheets. The sound of her moans, which she seemed to have given up on trying to contain, filled the room and likely reached the hall outside. Kathleen writhed in pleasure underneath him. Tom knew that as much as she had resisted him in the beginning, and that she might continue to once she walked out the door, that he had won their battle of wills. If only for a moment she was completely his.