all of them looking amazed as the food just appeared in front of them. "Hi, I'm James!" Blaise heard her best friend introduce himself to a cute red-headed girl on the other side of him. "Lily Evans." The girl smiled sweetly at him. James' cheeks held blush as he turned towards Blaise. "I just met my future wife, Blaise." She laughed at his comment and nudged Sirius getting his attention. "What's got him all lovey eyed?" Sirius asked, chuckling. "A certain red-head sitting next to him." Blaise laughed, grabbing more mashed potatoes. "You?" A shocked looking Sirius asked. "I didn't realize you two—" Blaise started choking uncontrollably on her food before he finished, after Black even suggested such a thing. Her choking grabbing everyone's attention as both James and Sirius patted her back. "Blimey, Blaise, you alright?" James worriedly asked. "Is she okay?" The red-head Blaise had been referring to asked. Sirius looked up to see the owner of the voice, realizing what she had meant. "I'm good, I'm good." Blaise said, catching her breath. "This git just said something ridiculous." Glaring at Sirius. "Your daftness almost cost me my life, Black." Sirius was worried she was serious, then she started laughing. "What in Merlin's beard did you say to her, Sirius?" James asked concerned, taking a bite of his chicken. "He thought we were dating." She said trying to talk while laughing her arse off. As soon as the words left her mouth James had started choking on his food. Blaise laughed even harder at him having the same reaction. Patting his back like he had did to her she turned towards the reason it had happened. "Now you've almost gone and killed two people." Sirius rubbed the back of his neck. He wasn't used to being embarrassed, so he thought he should return the favor. "So, that means you're single then?" The smile wiped right off Blaise's face as James fell into a fit of laughter. "Er," Blaise didn't know how to respond, feeling her cheeks burning up. "Oi, Black, you've got to ask for my blessing first. She's my best mate." James said, trying to catch his breath. Blaise glaring at him, wishing she could hex him right where he sat. "James Potter, would you please give me the extreme honor of blessing me in asking miss Blaise Delemont to be my girlfriend." Blaise was practically seething at James at this point. Remus noticed her face and cleared his throat. "Lads, what was it again that caused James to look like a love-struck bloke?" Remus piped up. "Ah! Yes, lads. I have found my future wife!" James exclaimed. Blaise sent a thankful look to Remus, which he nodded to in return. "What's her name then?" Sirius asked. Blaise could still tell her face was burning. "Her name is Lily Evans." He proclaimed, everyone looking at the other red-head at the table. Lily's face turned just as red as her hair as she stared at James shocked. "Excuse me?" She squeaked, embarrassed as all hell. "Lily, I've never laid eyes on such a pretty bird and I think I have fallen in love with you." He said seriously. Everyone laughed at him, but he didn't care. He knew this girl was meant for him. "In your dreams." Lilly seethed. Blaise laughed at James, being about ready to get hexed. "Y'know, James, I don't think the feeling is mutual." Blaise laughed, patting her best friend's shoulders as he hunched over in defeat. "Don't worry, mate." Sirius said. "She's daft for not snogging you right there and then." They all laughed at that, except for Lily. The poor girl looked mortified. Dinner was soon over and they were shown to their common room. Blaise excitedly looked at the place she called her new home. "Follow me to the dormitories, ladies and you'll meet your roommates." The female prefect said to the new Gryffindors, the male one did the same. "Well, lads, I suppose I shall see you tomorrow." Blaise said. "I'll dream of you tonight." Sirius smiled, holding his heart. James about to go into another fit of laughter. "Shove it, Black." She said, shaking her head. "Night to everyone besides Black and James for laughing." "Hey! I'm your best friend!" James yelled. "Delemont, your words wound people." Remus joked. "You want to be excluded too?" Blaise asked, raising an eyebrow. "Night, Peter!" She laughed. Peter blushing like mad and the boys didn't let it go unnoticed. She could hear them making fun as she climbed the stairs to her dormitory. After she was assigned she made her way into the large room. Noticing Lily Evans was there, she remembered the fiasco at dinner, blushing again. "Hi! I'm Marlene McKinnon." One of the girls said, smiling. "I'm Blaise Delemont." Blaise replied, smiling back. "You're the one at dinner who looked as if she may choke to death." Lily noticed. "I'm Lily Evans. I hope you're alright." She smiled. "Oh, yes, I'm perfectly fine. This tosser just said something ridiculous." Blaise laughed it off. "My name's Mary MacDonald." Another girl introduced herself, Blaise smiled at her. She looked at the last girl in the room who simply ignored them. "That's Verity Welch, she's too good to talk to any of us." Mary noted. "I have no need to get to know any of you, I should have been in Slytherin." She spat. "Someone pissed in her Owl O's this morning." Blaise muttered. All the girls having heard her, fell into a fit of laughter. Verity scoffed and closed her bed curtains. The girls soon settled down and where all in bed saying their good nights. Author's Note: There will be time skips throughout this story, bigger ones leading up until around their sixth and seventh year. The story's main focus will be not only Blaise and Sirius's relationship, but the rise of the wizarding war. I really hope you all enjoy it and don't be afraid to follow, favorite, and review!