"Are fine, no thanks to you, five house elves gave up their lives to save them and two of mine gave me their magic to save you." Hermione felt her eyes well up with tears as she realized what he was telling her, what Viktor had been telling her. Then she was sobbing, all of the anger and pain pouring out of her. She didn't flinch as Draco Malfoy picked her up and cradled her, she just buried her face in his chest and let all the pain go, but she wasn't numb anymore and as it all crashed around her she felt herself lose consciousness, it was all too much for her to understand and she was too tired to figure it out now, so she let herself drift to sleep. OooOOoooOOooooOOooO Draco sighed as she fell asleep in his arms, still crying, he had been discreetly monitoring her vitals and knew she was simply exhausted. But her sad little sobs that she let out even in her sleep were breaking his heart. Carefully he laid her down on his bed, thankful that at some point an elf had put her in a warm flannel gown. It was white though and made her look like sleeping angel, although if the temper she had woken up in was any indication she was not feeling very angelic towards him for taking her away from whatever fantasy her half dead brain had created. Strangely the jealousy he usually felt over Viktor Krum was gone, it seemed to be replaced with some kind of responsibility. "Yes, you made an oath to me and my children with your magic." Draco whirled around wand out and stared at the man in front of him. "Am I hallucinating?" Viktor smirked and folded his arms. "No, you changed fate, they have sent me to speak with you." Draco walked around the wizard wearily, he didn't look like a ghost. "I am not a ghost, I passed through the veil. Hermione would have followed me, your actions and love for her changed that course." Draco flinched looking at the man wanting to assure him somehow that he would have never interfered in the wizard's marriage. "I never-" Viktor waved his hand, his face sad but not angry. "I know this, but you must love her as much as I or this would not be happening. What you did tonight is powerful magic, you combined elf magic and your own to save my rose. Not many wizards could do that." Draco felt himself shrug and then looked at the man suddenly wanting to reassure the man. "The babies will live." Viktor nodded his face showing his relief. "And I thank you for not sacrificing them to save her, you could have." Draco flinched. "I wouldn't-" Viktor waved him off again frowning. "I am not sure I can say the same. I would have only thought of my rose, but you first protected the babies, and they are not yours to protect. She will love you for that." Draco looked at the man shocked. "She- what?" Viktor grinned now. "She will love you, eventually." Draco felt himself stand up and then he sighed firmly. "She loves you." Viktor nodded. "Yes, and that will not change. You will find that her heart is big enough for all of us, Malfoy. I do not mind sharing her with you." Draco shook his head at the wizard. "You make no sense." Viktor laughed. "I will. For now, I must give you a message." Draco inclined his head feeling weary. "From whom?" Viktor sobered. "The fates, the bond you created tonight is not breakable." Draco knew his face had screwed up in confusion. "Bond?" Viktor nodded. "Hmm, yes, your magic and my roses have combined. It was the only way to bring her back from the edge of the veil as you did. Do not waste your time trying to break this bond, it is not possible. The bond you created with my children is also absolute." Draco went pale as what the wizard was saying washed through him. "I didn't-" Again Viktor cut him off. "I know you did not do this on purpose and so will Mila. I am thankful, more thankful than I can say. She needs someone as strong as you, and I know my children will be raised by a good wizard." Draco felt the weight of the man's words wash over him and he glanced away back to the bed. "I will not forsake them," Draco said his tone formal. When he looked back Viktor was nodding. "I know this. I have said all I am allowed to say. I must go now." Draco paused and then flinched as something occurred to him; if Viktor was saying that he and Hermione had created a magical bond and would fall in love that meant they might, oh fuck. Merlin, would the man be watching them? "You're not going to be watching are you?" Viktor threw back his head laughing. "No, I will be busy. Take care of her, Malfoy. Love her and protect her." The man frowned suddenly and then said. "And do not leave her as I did for glory." Draco paused and glared at the man. "She will be my only priority." Viktor sighed and then nodded and Draco watched as the man disappeared before his eyes. "Merlin's balls." He said sinking down onto the floor in shock. "I just had a conversation with a dead man about fate." Should this be the end? You tell me... Hope you liked this story it literally woke me up one night and poured out of me. Cheers, Cjean The Bulgarian phrase Viktor used means My Engish Rose and was taken from google translator. I think I got most of the editing mistakes. FFN is really goofing up so if there are more double sentences and such please let me know in a PM. Thanks, I appreciate it so much.