gonna be sick, Gin?" Harry asks, concerned. "Nah, I just forgot to do something." I murmur, and kiss him as hard as I can on the lips. He cradles me close and we fall asleep in each other's arms. Ron's POV When I wake up, Hermione is still sleeping calmly in my arms. I take a moment to look at her. She really is beautiful, especially in the warm glow of the morning light. Her hair floats prettily around her shoulders and she's snoring softly. I kiss her on the forehead and move her off me. She stirs, but I murmur 'shh, darling, go back to sleep' into her ear and she drifts off again. I look around and notice that Harry isn't in bed with Gin. I figure I should probably go and apologise for last night. I walk out of the girls dorm and into the common room, slipping down the stairs due to the anti boy charm which I assume Dumbledore hasn't changed yet. But it's actually pretty fun, sliding instead of walking. Harry's not in the common room when I get down there, so I assume he's gone out flying. I head down to the Quidditch Pitch, only to find that he's not there either. I decide to find him later, and, enjoying the fresh air, take a walk down to the lake. I stroll along the snowy lawn and see that there is already someone at the lake. For a minute I get excited because I think it's Hermione and I anticipate another juicy make out session, like last nights. But then I realise she's still in bed. I head over to 'our' tree, only to find that it's Harry. He wordlessly beckons me over and points to the tree. I see something engraved into the wood and lean closer to check what it is. L.E + J.P Harry looks at it wistfully and then grabs his pocket knife he got from Sirius out of his jacket. He works quickly, each letter painstakingly neat, as if he thinks that if it isn't then he and Gin won't ever work out. After he has done the 'w' for Weasley, I realise that he's serious. He does love her, very, very much. He taps me on the shoulder silently and points to the tree. There, perfectly written under the L.E + J.P , is some more initials. G.W + H.P He hands me the knife, and, not wanting to ruin the line of Potters, I take it over to the other side of the tree trunk and write slowly. H.G + R.W After I'm done, I hand the knife back to Harry and we both sit on the branch that, over the years, has become our seat. "Hey," I say. "Hey," he says. We fall silent again. "Awkward silence," I grin. He smiles back at me sadly. "Hey, mate, listen. Um.. I'm uh… Really sorry about, you know, last night, all that. " I say, the tips of my ears heating up. "That's fine. I was just scared she'd have a huge breakdown like the other night if I didn't." He says quietly. "What happened the other night?" I ask, confused. "I went to get into my bed, and left her in her bed, and she started crying and wouldn't let me go. It was so sad, seeing her like that." "Oh. Anyway, how are you, mate?" I say. He shrugs "Okay, I guess." "How's Gin?" "I dunno, Ron. I so hate seeing her like this, a sad, sick little girl compared to the fiery, funny young woman I love. And she is so sick, and sad, and.." He trails off and I spot three tiny tears drip down his cheek. "Don't tell her this, but she's going to be sick for at least another three weeks, Ron. And your parents aren't coming back before then either. So please, pretty please, don't make any more trouble out of us . Please try not to upset her? Please mate?" I smile. "Of course, anything for her. Um, mate, have you noticed that 'Mione is seeming a bit, uh, depressed?" "Yeah, you should've heard her the other day – 'Harry, have you any idea why the sorting hat put me in Griffindor?' she was sobbing so hard, the poor thing." I'm shocked, and I vow to talk to her tonight. "I'll speak to her. If it gets worse let's talk to Madam Pomfrey, 'K?" "Okay, I'll speak to her too." He blushes, and I wonder why. "Um, mate?" "Yeah?" "You're not, um, you know, romantically involved with Mione are you?" I say in a rush. "What?!" "You were blushing…" I say sheepishly. "Oh. Um, I, uh, just was wondering, um, whether I should, uh, hug you, or, um, if, uh, that would seem, uh, weird…" I reach over and pull him off the seat into a bear hug. "Course it wouldn't seem weird, mate. You're my best friend!" After a while he pulls away. "Uh, mate. By the way, just so you know, if you ever catch me hugging Hermione or rocking her to sleep like the other night, I would never, ever steal her from you. I love her like a sister, and vice versa, you know?" "Got it," I grin. "She's mine." We start to head slowly back up to the common room, taking in the snow covered lawn and trees. When we get up to the dorm, Hermione and Ginny are still asleep, so Harry and I decide to go and get some breakfast. Ginny's POV Over the next few days, I start to feel a bit better. On Christmas Eve, at five o'clock, I've had some small dry crackers and only vomited once. I fall asleep on Christmas Eve in Harry's arms, actually looking forward to the next day. Harry's POV When I wake up on Christmas morning, the house elves have brought a pile of presents to the end of each of our beds.