him a steaming mug and started to make her own. "Thank you." "Of course, do sit down." She settled herself on one end of the sofa, Harry settled himself on the opposite end. They drank their tea in companionable silence, watching the flames dance about the hearth. "I fought in the war as well you know. I was not supposed to. I was not 17 at the time but I did anyway. I could not stand the idea of sitting by idly." "I know what you mean. I have a hard time doing that as well. I fought but I can't tell you how or anything without giving the game away." She nodded and leaned her head back against the sofa, closing her eyes. Her eyelashes were long and curled up at the ends. She had some freckles across her nose. Did she have those before or was her glamour wearing off? "Do you have nightmares about the war?" Harry stared at his tea leaves. "All the time." "Me too. I lost some family so I usually dream about that. Or I dream that more people died. Or that I die and that I can see my family grieving my loss - that one is the worst." Harry nodded, "I lost a bunch of people I loved too. I mostly dream about dueling and losing. I dream about what would have happened if we failed. That one is the worst for me." Bianca snuggled closer on the couch. Harry stretched out an arm tentatively across her shoulders. She did not pull away. He pulled her closer and she snuggled against his side. "It's nice talking to someone who understands." "Yeah it is," he agreed. "Sometimes I feel like it's changed me. The war I mean. I find that it's harder for me to be with men. I'm not sure if I think they'll be taken from me or maybe they won't understand. It's not something I like to think about." "I get that. I haven't been in a real relationship in about two years." She looked at him in surprise, "Me neither! It does get rather lonely." Harry leaned in and kissed her soundly. Her lips were so soft. She opened her mouth a little and he took the chance and pushed his tongue in, tasting her tea and sugar. He pulled away to gauge her reaction. She seemed to be deep in thought, "I've never had anonymous sex before." He smiled, "I thought I was Jack Henry, not anonymous," he joked. She smiled softly and put an arm around his neck, "Is this a bad idea?" "It's only a bad idea if you don't want to," he replied seriously. She nibbled on her lower lip, "That's just it. I want to very much." Harry claimed her lips again as he threaded a hand through her silky hair. She smelled wonderful as well. Like mint, vanilla, and fresh linens. A small moan escaped her lips as his hands explored her chest. He made short work of her buttons and freed her small but perfect breasts from their bra prison. Her breasts were perky with light pink areolas. He took turns playing with them and sucking on them. She held his head to her chest, squirming and grinding against his legs. He worked his way down to her trousers, leaving kisses as he went. He unbuttoned them with his teeth and slid them down to the floor. She was naked save for a pair of plain purple knickers. Harry sat back to admire her. "You're gorgeous." She smiled in return. "Do you want to relocate to the bedroom?" Harry scooped her up in his arms in response, carrying down the hallway to the left. He passed the loo and found her bedroom. It was a small room with a four poster bed in the middle. A small fireplace was on the opposite wall with two windows framing the fireplace. Harry deposited her on the bed and waved his wand to shut the curtains and ignite a fire in the grate. Bianca had been working on his shirt and was nearly done with that. He pulled it over his head while she saw to his trousers. He kicked off his shoes and peeled off his socks, anxious to feel her soft, warm skin against his own. He rejoined her and covered her body with his own. He broke their kiss to get rid of her knickers and took her pink clit in his mouth. A sharp gasp was heard from his bedmate. She bucked her hips into his face nicely, eliciting a moan from Harry. He dipped his tongue into her quim and let out a sigh. She tasted good and her moans were making his prick harder and harder. It felt good to give her such pleasure. She dug her small hands into his hair and cried out as she came. He licked his lips and lay down beside her. "Fuck, you're good." She said with bleary eyes. She then flipped on her stomach and sent a trail of kisses to his penis, already standing at attention. She bobbed up and down his shaft about ten times before he pulled out of her mouth. "You're going to make me cum, witch." He gently pushed her on her back and entered her. Her walls were so tight! He pushed all the way in on the third gentle thrust and quickly found a rhythm they both enjoyed. Bianca was pretty vocal so it was easy to find out her likes quickly. Soon she was experiencing her second orgasm and he pumped in one more time, releasing his seed. He felt so warm and sleepy. Against his better judgement he spooned his body against hers just for a minute and felt his eyelids droop as sleep claimed him. He had an unpleasant wake up call the following morning. He awoke from a deep sleep to a short scream followed by a stream of curses.