a small wrapped gift. "I hope you like it." "I'm sure I will, thank you," Hermione replied as she carefully opened the paper to reveal an exquisite antique book full of poetry. "Wow, it's stunning, Draco." "Rumour has it Henry the eighth gave this very book to Anne Boleyn when he was courting her," Draco said. His wife loved her history, especially the royal muggle dynasty the Tudors, so Draco had searched high and low for a perfect gift from that time. "It's beautiful," Hermione said, smiling at her husband. "Thank you." "And that's not all," Draco said as he handed the roses to his wife. "One rose for every year we've been together." "That's so sweet," Hermione said with a chuckle as she took hold of the roses. "Although there's four missing." "No, there's fifteen," Draco insisted. "I watched the assistant count them out myself." "There's not fifteen here, there's only eleven," Hermione said as she counted out the roses again. "Damn it," Draco swore. "Why would the boys steal my roses?" "Let's not accuse them of anything without talking to them first," Narcissa said. "Maybe there's something else going on here." "Like what?" Draco asked. "Who else could have taken the roses and chocolates?" "Let's just hear what they have to say for themselves," Narcissa cautioned. "Fine, we'll hear them out," Draco said with a sigh, before he raised his voice and bellowed for the two boys. Blaise joined in with the shouting and after a few minutes Scorpius and Alex slouched into the room. Both boys had their hands hidden behind their backs, and even though they looked like butter wouldn't melt, there was a mischievous glint in their eyes. "Now boys, no-one is angry, but we want to ask you something," Narcissa began. "Have you been in Grandpa Lucius's study?" "Yes," Scorpius answered with a nod. "And did you take anything?" Lucius asked. "Yes," Alex replied. "But we left money for what we took. We didn't steal." "What did you take?" Hermione asked. "These," Scorpius answered as he pulled four roses from behind his back. The roses were tied messily with a pink ribbon which Lyra usually used to tie up her light brown curls. "Alex, what did you take?" Daphne asked her son. From behind his back, Alex produced a small white box. The box had been decorated with red and pink hearts drawn in crayon and pencil, and it was tied with the matching ribbon to the one around Scorpius's roses. "Are there chocolates in that box?" Blaise asked. "Only six," Alex answered. "I don't understand," Draco said with a frown. "Who are the roses and chocolates for?" Instead of answering the boys headed over to where their sisters were sitting in front of the fire. Muttering Valentine's wishes, a blushing Scorpius handed the roses to Lexi, while an equally red Alex gave the homemade box of chocolates to Lyra. "Aw, that's the sweetest thing I've ever seen," Daphne gushed as the two little girls giggled and thanked the boys for their presents. "We're sorry," Scorpius said, turning back to the adults. "But we did pay for them, honest. We left all our pocket money on Grandpa's desk." None of the adults were quite sure how to react to what the boys had done, especially once Lucius went to check and his desk and returned with two money bags with Knuts and Sickles inside, which was clearly the boys pocket money. Given the fact they just wanted to do something nice both Blaise and Draco accepted the boys apology and promised them that weren't in trouble. "Just ask next time and we can take you shopping," Draco said to the boys. "Okay, we will," Scorpius vowed as he and Alex settled down with the girls to enjoy the chocolates Alex had given to Lyra. "I think it's so sweet that we've raised such lovely little boys. How many other six year olds do you know that would give Valentine's gifts to their crushes?" Daphne chuckled, smiling fondly at the four children. "Crushes?" Blaise and Draco questioned together. "Oh no," Draco said with a shake of his head. "Scorpius and Lyra are too young for crushes, and being crushed on." "I agree," Blaise said with a firm nod. "Will you two calm down," Hermione said with a laugh. "The boys have merely done something nice. It's not like they're getting down on one knee and proposing. Just be pleased that you've got such lovely sons who think of others." "I suppose you're right," Draco said to his wife. "There's nothing to worry about. A valentine's day gift at six doesn't mean anything." "If it did, you would be married to Pansy Parkinson," Lucius said with a laugh. "When you were six you gave Pansy a valentine's gift." "I gave her a girly toy I'd gotten for Christmas," Draco argued. "It was not a valentine's gift." "If you say so, but you also kissed her and then ran away," Lucius added with a mischievous grin. "I was just a kid," Draco muttered, flushing pink at the memory. "Just like the boys," Narcissa said. "Okay, okay, I get the point," Draco said, holding up his hands in protest. "This means nothing." "Of course it doesn't," Hermione agreed, snuggling up to her husband and distracting him by quietly informing him that she wanted to take him up on his idea to start trying for another baby that night. However, what no-one in the room realised was that two innocent gifts from a pair of six year olds would be the start of many to come in the future. By the time the two sets of twins left school over ten years later Scorpius was quite happily dating Lexi while Alex and Lyra were also all loved up. Who would have thought a few stolen chocolates and roses would be the start of two fairy-tale romances and the official joining of the Malfoy and the Zabini families. The End.