make tea and when I returned he suddenly left," Draco replied. "So, maybe he had an emergency," Hermione suggested. "It was very odd," Draco said with a shake of his head. "He rushed off, saying something had come up that he had to deal with." "I bet something had come up watching that little show," Blaise cackled dirtily. "Oh god!" Hermione paled at the thought of her father-in-law not only witnessing the video Draco had accidently made, but getting aroused by it as well. She doubted she would ever be able to look Lucius in the face again. "I'm sure it's not too bad, Hermione," Draco said soothingly. "You better hope not, or else this was the last sex you're going to have for a while," Hermione seethed, shaking the camera at her husband. "I'm confiscating this until I'm sure you can be trusted not to make any more porn films. And I've decided, I really don't want to know if your father has seen this or not. I just want to forget the entire incident ever happened. Is that understood?" "Of course," Draco said. "No-one will mention this again." "They better not," Hermione warned, giving both her husband and his best friend a warning glare. "I've got a headache, I'm going for a lie down." Taking the camera with her, Hermione swept out of the room, leaving Draco to deal with a humorous Blaise. Of course once Hermione had left, Blaise couldn't help but tease Draco relentlessly about the video. For the next hour, Draco was the butt of all of Blaise's jokes, but like the good friend he was, Blaise swore never to breathe a word of what had happened as he left for the evening. Trusting Blaise to keep his word, Draco headed off to find his wife and hopefully make amends for the sex tape he'd never intended to make. Draco found Hermione lying on their bed, the camera in her hands as she viewed the video. Draco could tell what she was doing the second he entered the room as somehow she'd found the volume button and the sound of their lovemaking filled the air. Noting the way Hermione was biting her lower lip and the glazed look in her eyes, Draco realised his wife was turned on by what she was witnessing. As angry as she'd been at the discovery of the footage, she was clearly appreciating it now. "I'm sorry again," Draco said as he perched on the bed beside his wife, tilting his head to get a view of the action on the small camera screen. "It was an accident," Hermione replied with a shrug. "That much is obvious from the beginning of the video. I'm guessing you were going to ask me to help you before I distracted you." "That was the idea, but then I turned around and I was so blown away by the sight of you that I almost forgot my own name," Draco said. "Just as long as you didn't forget mine," Hermione chuckled, as Draco's low voice moaning her name floated from the camera. "How many times have you watched this?" Draco asked his wife. "A couple," Hermione admitted. "But you've got to admit, we look good together." "I don't need to watch that to know we look good together," Draco laughed. "I've always known we look good together. But then again, we are good together." "We are," Hermione agreed, her eyes never leaving the small camera screen. "I have to say Draco, this isn't bad for an accidental filming. Aside from one small part where all you can see is your backside for nearly five minutes, you've captured the action pretty well." "That wasn't my intention," Draco said. "I know," Hermione said with a smile as she ended the video. "And that's why I think we should delete this. It is pretty hot watching us together, but it's also pretty creepy. I don't need a video to show me what it's like to make love to my husband." "You know, if it's the watching us together that turns you on there's always mirrors," Draco said as his wife deleted the video he'd accidentally made the previous evening. "Mirrors?" Hermione questioned, turning the camera off placing it safely in her bedside drawer before turning back to her husband. "How may mirrors are we talking?" "I suppose that depends how many different angles you want to see at once," Draco answered with a shrug. "Personally, I was just thinking a decent sized one." "We'll see," Hermione said, the idea already running through her head. "But for now, I think we can make do without mirrors or videos." "So I'm definitely forgiven then?" Draco checked with a grin. "You're forgiven," Hermione confirmed as she gave her husband a searing kiss. "But I wouldn't complain if you felt the need to try and really make it up to me." "I'm sure I can come up with something," Draco vowed with a smirk as he connected their lips for a second time and ended their conversation for the evening. Even though Hermione had forgiven him, Draco still focused on making things up to his wife. Aside from sexual apologies, he spoke to his father and made Lucius vow never to mention it in Hermione's company. Lucius was only too happy to agree, and like Blaise he never spoke of the video and what he'd seen again. In the end only four people ever knew what Draco had accidentally taped on his new camera, and since Hermione then took the time to teach him how to use it properly, he never made another accidental sex tape, or any other sort of recording. The only sort of recordings he made were deliberate ones, and the one he made on his birthday was ancient history, although it was never forgotten about by anyone who had viewed it. No-one would ever forget the day Draco Malfoy had accidently made a sex tape. The End.