I'm dumping you." She went on her tip-toes and gave a kiss on his cheek. "That's what I'll tell them anyway." He couldn't help but smile. "As if they would believe you." "Oh, I'll make them." "You are the best at spinning stories." "I hate you." "I know." They hung in each other's embrace for a while longer before Pansy pulled back. "You should go," she said, looking down so Draco wouldn't see the tears forming in her eyes. He had told her on more than once occasion that he rather gouge his eyes out than watch her cry. She knew it didn't mean that he would risk his vision to prevent her from crying, but sometimes she liked to interpret it that way. Made things kind of romantic, in a morbid sense. "So… I guess that's it," he said, pulling his arms off her and shoving them into his pockets. "Yup." "You know, I might actually miss you. See you," he said. He squeezed her once on the shoulder and headed towards the departure gates without a second look back. He didn't even wait for Pansy to say good-bye. That jerk. The Muggle Revolution: Effective Solutions to Electromagnetic Interference Author(s): K. Hwang, A. Pucey, P. White Source: Transactions of the Institute of British Magic, New Serial, Vol 18:3 (2000), pp 309-325. ABSTRACT: In this paper, we identify the underlying problem with Muggle technology and magic as electromagnetic interference (EMI). We report the successful compatibility with magic and Muggle devices when they are built with the addition of a Faraday Cage (mesh constructed of ferrite metals) and supplementary charms. We find in our three models, integration with Muggle technology – electricity, battery, and associated devices are functional and operational with 95% supply reliability... Draco and Hermione lined up behind other passengers as they waited to get their coats and hand-held luggage examined by the Customs. She rushed after Draco and grabbed his arm as soon after she collected her luggage. "Granger?" "I'm sorry," she blurted out. "What Ron said about your father… and your money. I hope you'll accept my apology." "It's not like you were the one who said it." "Still… I truly am sorry," she said, turning red while wondering why she was apologising to him. "For what?" He rose one eyebrow at her. "F-For what happened to you." "Thank you?" he said, confused at her words. Cue the most awful silence between the two. "So… are you going to see Pansy in the holidays?" she asked when the awkward silence between them reached an unbearable saturation point. "No," he said, shaking his head. "We just broke up." "Oh." Was all she could say. They sure were touchy-feely for two people not in a relationship. "Long distance relationships are a waste of time." "Well!" said Hermione. "You don't know about that!" She lifted her chin as though she were meeting a challenge. "I'm sure some relationships can survive the distance. I mean, if you're meant to be together." "You think you're meant to be with Weaselbee?" asked Draco, wrinkling his nose. "Better than pug-face Pansy!" she snapped before regret filled her features. "Sorry, I didn't mean that." Draco shrugged. "Guess Pansy and I weren't meant to be." "There's always second chances. Maybe when you come back." "Maybe." Draco's head tilted to the side, unconvinced of this. Hermione gave a cautious smile. "There are. I'll prove to you second chances exist." "Sorry?" "When we arrive in Salem. Let's start off on a clean slate. Pretend not to know each other. Who knows, we might end up being friends." "We invite those in first class step forward…" He looked up at the attendant who had amplified her voice with her wand. "That's me." Draco hesitated before offering his hand to her. Hermione accepted his hand without delay and gave him a firm handshake. "To second chances," she said. Draco gave Hermione a shy smile and found her expression mirrored his. "Thank you, Mr. Malfoy," said the attendant, smiling up at him. As the boat lifted off the water, it rumbled and shook as it made its ascent. Two people sat on one flying ship with fifty seats between them. In first class was Draco Malfoy, trying not to hurl his lunch. He never liked flying boats but they were definitely the safest for long-distance travels. Port-Keys of course were faster, but the risk of letting go of the key when one were travelling between two countries meant grievous injury or finding oneself dead in the middle of nowhere. In the economy-seat, Hermione gripped the side of her chair as she swallowed multiple times to clear her ears, handling the change in altitude better than Draco. The boat rose above the turbulence and soon the seatbelt signs over their heads flickered off. The two on the boat stared out of their windows, lost in thought. Hermione kept a steady heart believing her relationship would withstand the distance while Draco nursed his sore (but not broken) heart. Something had just transpired beyond their awareness, and they could no longer say they loathed each other's existence. Draco looked through the window, mulling over the burning question which would continue to plague him for the better half of the decade as he headed towards his destination. A flight attendant walked the length of the ship, making sure everyone was comfortable in their seats. He brushed past Draco, and the blond snapped out of his reverie as the man apologised to him. " Sorry." – Hermione's words echoed in his head. Second chances. He smiled a rare smile without malice. Author note : First things first, a disclaimer. JKR owns HP, not me. I've been wanting to write something lighter, fast-paced, and a story more involved with society post-War. Hence, this story was born. Needless to say, this is not a sequel or related in anyway to DMHQS. A huge thank you to my alpha-reader, hiddenhibernian; and my beta-reader for this story, MysticDew. Please review!