he wouldn't take any bullshit. "Everything's good, Draco. Just..." she trailed off, trying to articulate something that even she didn't quite understand or want to admit. "Busy," she ended lamely. He didn't say anything, but a look of strange understanding passed over his face. But he would understand how she worked, she supposed. She asked him more about his life, partly out of courtesy but party out of genuine curiosity. He launched into an explanation of some new research he had started on the side, but as he spoke, she couldn't help but let her gaze drift over his shoulder. She eventually focused on Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour, where a young woman and her son were settled beneath a brightly striped umbrella. Even seated, she was unfairly tall with tanned skin and dark, shining hair falling in waves down her back. She was, somehow, only made more beautiful by the protruding swell of her belly and accompanying glow in her expression. While the woman was certainly captivating, Hermione was far more interested in the small boy sitting next to her. He couldn't have been more than two or three years old, but he was impeccably dressed and his unmistakable blonde hair lay perfectly straight across his forehead, in a way that seemed out of place on a boy so young. Draco trailed off mid sentence when he noticed her intense gaze over his shoulder, turning to find what had captured her attention so intensely. He let out a deep sigh when he realized what Hermione was so distracted with, but couldn't help it when a wide smile crept up onto his face as the woman, laughing, reached over to wipe off the smear of ice cream that had found its way onto her son's nose. "Is that your son?" Hermione asked in a small voice, finally meeting Draco's eyes. "Yes, that's Scorpius," he replied with a soft smile, then added, after a slight pause, "and that's my wife, Astoria." He gestured to the stunning woman, who was now listening with wide eyes and nodding along as Scorpius appeared to be telling quite the epic adventure. Hermione didn't answer for a moment, lost in thought. She had always considered kids as a given part of her future, but now she was nearing 30 and still dreadfully single. Family had played such an important role in her life, and now she wondered if set her priorities wrong from the beginning. Of course, she adored being Auntie Mione to Harry and Ginny's boys and Ron's newborn, but she couldn't help but wish she was a mother herself. Even while she made great strides in the ministry, she felt as though she was missing out on something essential. "You have a beautiful family, Draco." She tried to say it confidently. She really did mean it. But despite her efforts, her words came out in a meek voice that was entirely out of place on a woman so bold. "Thank you," he said proudly, with a slight nod. As she stood in front of Draco, watching his son make a mess of his flavor changing ice cream, she decided that there was no use in dwelling on what could have been. She was proud of where she was now, and no one could take that away from her. "Well, I better get going," she said, glancing down at her watch, already knowing she was awfully late. "Right," he replied while glancing back to his waiting family. "It was nice running into you, Granger. Good luck with everything." She shot him a gracious smile and turned back to the Leaky Cauldron, back to her reality that was consumed with work. "Hey, Hermione?" She looked over shoulder, already a few steps away, her smile faltering ever so slightly. "Remember to take some time for yourself, alright? I know you've still got that bleeding heart of yours, but it's your life too." Maybe it was because she had failed so miserably to truly listen to him before, but Hermione found herself clinging onto his every word and desperately hoping it was the truth. A/N: What did you think of the ending? Do you hate it? Do you love it? I hope you enjoyed it, and let me know what you think (it honestly makes my day)! I'm marking it as "complete" for now, but (depending on if anyone actually wants to read it) I'm considering adding more chapters to this story that would be set in the past, kind of like prequels. They would basically be short one-shots that go a little more in depth into Draco and Hermione's past relationship and how that played out. Maybe even some perspectives that are not Draco or Hermione? Anyways, I picture their relationship as being explosive, in a good way at first until it turns ugly (alas!) I definitely will not be writing anything extra that's set after their encounter. I like having that up to the reader (and I also personally have multiple theories about what happens next that I think are all plausible, and I don't want to choose just one). Another thing, if Hermione seems a little out of character here, I apologize. 1) I wanted to make her as true to the books as possible, but 2) I also wanted to show how she was caught entirely off-guard when meeting Draco and how he can bring out her insecurities. I tried to balance both those goals as much as possible, but I'm sorry if I failed miserably. Unfortunately, I'm not a professional writer. Last, I also want to write more Dramione one-shots (potentially a longer, multi-chapter fic) that would might have a happier, more satisfying ending- so look out for that sometime in the future! (Life's getting pretty hectic soon though, so don't be disappointed if it isn't immediate) Thanks for reading! (and especially if you actually read this ridiculously long author's note, if you can't tell, I'm super excited about this fic!) x Clara-linh