ask such a question. "It is your life. You should marry who want to. You should marry someone you fall in love with, not someone who makes you unhappy." "Then why am I being forced into marrying Prince Lucius?" Lily asked quietly. But there was no response. Mary simply bit her lip and sighed, unable to come up with an answer to her question. Walking over to the massive wardrobe in the room, she pulled out a comfortable and smooth blue dress before making her way towards Lily. "Forgive me, Lily. But there is not much I can say about this situation." She apologized softly, her eyes filling up with tears at the sight of her troubled friend. "Come on, let's get you cleaned up. You might feel better after a hot bath." She suggested, leading the princess towards the bathroom. "I-I just can't do this, Mary," Lily said, biting her lip sadly. "I know, Lily. I know," Mary replied soothingly, continuing to brush the wet, auburn sheet of hair gently. As she neatly tied Lily's hair into a comfortable bun with a few loose red strands framing her face, the princess turned around to speak again. "I just wish there was some solution to all of this. Some way I could escape this – this cage!" she gestured wildly with her hands. All she got was a compassionate look from brown-eyed girl. Lily sighed, defeated. "Sometimes I wish I were dead. Then maybe I wouldn't have to live day after day, knowing that my father's murderer was ruling the kingdom and controlling me, while I did nothing but watch helplessly." "Don't say that!" Mary bellowed, startling the princess. Then, realizing what she had done, tears started streaming down her face. "Pardon me, your highness. I did not mean to lose my temper. It was not my place to shout at you. You can give me any punishment you think is – " "Mary! I am not going to punish you. It's alright." Lily cut her off, clutching her hands to console her. "And forgive me for saying what I did. It-It's just that" she sighed, looking remorsefully out the balcony; at her father's kingdom. "Sometimes I wonder how it would be like, to be as free as a bird. To not care about your image or what people thought about you. To just live. " Following her line of vision, Mary stared at Hogwarts and its bustling streets which were lit up by the moonlight as well. Her eyebrows furrowed in concentration as she absentmindedly formed a plan. "Maybe…maybe you could run away," she whispered after a few moments of silence. Lily's big, emerald eyes widened at her suggestion and her head snapped towards Mary, who was still looking thoughtful, as if unaware of what she had just said. "What?" she asked, slightly breathless for some reason. "I said that maybe you should run away from here; from this castle," Mary replied, finally turning to look at the shocked princess. Lily couldn't believe her ears; was Mary actually suggesting that? But looking into her confident brown eyes, she knew that her friend was absolutely aware of what she was saying. "B-but how? I mean, uncle Riddle would find me within a few hours. I haven't even been to these streets since I was five, Mary. How will I hide from him?" Lily asked anxiously. "Disguise," came the automatic reply. "You know my brother, Mark, yes?" Lily nodded her head numbly. "Well, he participates in the fair that takes place every year. He'll have plenty of disguises for you. I can find a few suitable ones for you, Lily." The princess thought her head was going to burst. She hadn't set foot outside the castle since she was a young kid, other than going to visit numerous royal families in the neighboring kingdoms. Running away from her pitiless uncle may have sounded horribly appealing, but she knew it was not as easy as it seemed. "I-I don't know, Mary." She finally replied. "If you may allow, princess, can I say something that could possibly sound too bold?" Mary asked pleadingly. Lily smiled at her encouragingly and nodded her head. "I know what you're thinking, Lily. That suddenly leaving the castle and running away into a place which you hardly even remember isn't going to be easy. And no, I'm not going to lie to you, it's going to be difficult. It's going to be very difficult. Not to mention that you'd be taking a huge risk by angering his highness and the Malfoys. But in the end, isn't all of this going to be worth it? You'll finally get to live your life, make some real friends, not servants. And I'm not just talking about myself. Face it, Lily; you need more friends, everyone does. It's true that you'll have to hide from your uncle for as long as you can, but if you think that there is even the slightest chance that until he finds you, you'll have a better life than you could ever have here, then run away, Lily." The room fell silent for the next few minutes where the only sound coming was from the crowded streets of Gryffindor. "Mary, get me the clothes tomorrow," Lily finally said, turning her head to grin widely at her friend. "I'm running away." To be continued… A/N – I decided to try something different this time. And I know that this story does not include magic and spells, but I still felt like writing it. So now I'll be writing Summer Surprise and this one side by side. But I'll continue this one if you guys like it. I've always preferred AUs to canon, most probably because my OTP doesn't die, but that's not to say that I don't like canon. Anything Jily is good. Anyway, leave me a lot of reviews and let me know what you guys think of the plot. Lots and lots of love. Claudia