her. Even though Dumbledore had been expecting a bad reaction from the Grangers, this went beyond anything he could have imagined. "What do I do now?" Hermione questioned, looking up at Draco. "You'll come and stay with us," Narcissa answered, smiling reassuringly at the young girl she'd just met. "I can't say I'm happy with the situation, but I won't abandon you and Draco. This baby is my grandchild, and I will be there for them and you all the way." "Thank you Mother." Draco smiled gratefully at his mother. He'd always known he could rely on Narcissa, but it was great that she'd some through and supported Hermione as well. Narcissa smiled back at her son as Dumbledore offered Hermione a handkerchief to dry her eyes with. By the time Hermione was composed enough to carry on talking, Professor McGonagall had returned having seen the Grangers safely home. "What we need to discuss now, is how things are going to progress from here," Dumbledore announced. "Obviously it's imperative that Draco's father and Voldemort don't find out about the baby." "Won't that be an issue if Hermione is staying with Narcissa and Draco?" McGonagall questioned. Dumbledore had briefly explained about the situation with the Malfoys, but McGonagall wasn't totally sure about the details. "No," Narcissa replied. "My husband never comes to our house without a prior arrangement. It was part of our deal. If I play the part of a good wife, he'll leave Draco and I alone." "May I ask why you made such a deal?" Dumbledore inquired. He didn't want Narcissa to think he was prying, but considering how much trust Hermione was going to place in her, he felt he needed as many answers as possible. "It's no secret that Lucius has always been a dabbler in the dark arts, and I was well aware of that when we got married. However things changed when he got seriously involved with The Dark Lord and I realised just how dangerous things could get. Once I had Draco things just seemed even more dangerous and I was on the verge of leaving Lucius when the incident with the Potters happened. I stayed with Lucius because I loved him, and I wanted my son to have his father in his life," Narcissa explained. "However when The Dark Lord returned, I was appalled when Lucius offered him residence in our home. Again I was going to leave Lucius as I wasn't happy with Draco living in the same house as The Dark Lord, but we spoke and he offered me a deal. No-one knows I no longer live at the manor, and providing I attend any public functions with him, Draco and I are left alone." "Is Voldemort happy for that to happen?" Dumbledore asked, wondering why the dark wizard would allow the wife of one of his top men to leave and take their son with her. "He would rather that, than I went to the Order or the Aurors," Narcissa replied. "He seems happy as long as I play my part as a supportive wife. No doubt he thinks Draco will follow in his father's footsteps and join him, but that's Draco's decision to make. I've done all I can to keep my son away from that monster." "Not that I would ever go near him," Draco snorted. "I want no part in being a Death Eater." Dumbledore nodded at the two Malfoys, satisfied that they could be truly trusted and what he was about to suggest would be the best solution all round. "I've been thinking about the situation, and in a funny sort of way Miss Granger's parents have made things easier." Dumbledore said. "My plan was to hide Hermione's pregnancy throughout the rest of the year. I've discussed it with Madam Pomfrey and she thinks it's possible to disguise her pregnancy with the help of a few charms and Miss Granger's naturally baggy clothing. With the baby being born in September I thought we could arrange for someone to take care of the child while both Hermione and Draco return to complete their last year of school." "I could do that," Narcissa volunteered. "As long as I had help for when I'm expected to accompany Lucius to an event." "I was thinking of bringing another couple of trusted Order members on board," Dumbledore suggested. "They can provide extra security for the baby, and help with childcare if needed. But the important thing is that the baby is safe." "Of course, you're assuming Miss Granger wants to return to school next year," Snape remarked. "I am." Dumbledore nodded. "Of course it is Miss Granger's choice, but it will arouse fewer suspicions if things remain as normal as possible. Once school is then over we can discuss what happens then with Draco, Hermione and the baby." "I would like to come back to school and finish my education," Hermione admitted when attention turned to her. "But I don't know if I'll be able to leave the baby, plus it's not due until the middle of the month at the earliest. I can't come back to school so heavily pregnant and disappear to have the baby." "I was thinking you wouldn't come back until after you'd had the baby," Dumbledore replied. "We can say you're not well with some sort of muggle disease and we don't want to risk spreading it around the school. As for seeing the baby, I was planning on making the pair of you Head Students and as such you'll be in a private dorm. Obviously we can sort details nearer the time, but we can arrange for you to see the baby every day and you could possibly even spend some weekends with the child." "I think we can work with that," Hermione said, looking at Draco who nodded in agreement. "Excellent." Dumbledore smiled. "We'll have everything sorted by the end of term, and no-one will be any the wiser about what's going on."