straps of her dress over her shoulders until they fell revealing her pert naked breasts and then further still until the dress fell to the floor. Leaving her stood before me in her knickers; lacy and black and skimpy and her heels. It was possibly the most mind blowing sight I'd seen in a while. Or perhaps in my life. I felt my cock twitch in my trousers at the sight of her. She stepped toward me, draping her arms over my shoulders and leaning in teasingly slowly to press her lips to mine. Once they touched I couldn't keep my hands form her. Her breasts, her hips, her arse. I wanted her. Needed her. She moaned and pressed her hips forward against my crotch as I rolled her nipples in my hands and deepened the kiss. She kept rolling her hips against mine and soon we had to stop the teasing and get to it. She slipped her knickers off her hips and then reached for my trousers. I let her unbutton them, she loved to be in charge and I loved letting her be. She was tugging my trousers and boxers down my legs until she suddenly stopped and she stood up straight once more. "Ron…your shoes." She gave me a look, a look I loved, a look that told me I was an idiot. An idiot that she loved. I looked down and sure enough there were my shoes, stopping the progress of my trousers. There was no graceful way of doing this so I fell back onto my arse and began pulling them off and then my trousers too, al the while sat on the floor like a toddler. I looked up and saw that Hermione too had sat herself down on the floor and was taking off her own heels, she gave me a smile and when we were both done and completely naked I stood, took her hands and pulled her to her feet before pulling her closer to me, holding our bodies together and placing my lips once more on hers. Slowly but surely we made our way to my room, slamming the door shut with my foot before falling onto the bed with giggles from Hermione. I watched her, watched her body as she laughed and covered her eyes with her hands. "What?" I asked her, trailing my hand up and down her torso. "I just cannot believe that this is happening. After all of that…" She trailed off as I let my hand slip between her legs and played with the nub at the apex. The moans she made had me grinning, I'd not lost my touch on her. In the back of my mind I'd been thinking that perhaps Viktor would have been better than me. But then again I hadn't done nothing during this year. "Ron. Ron. Now. Please." She moaned, reaching out for my cock. There was no way I was going to disobey her, especially when it was what I wanted to do myself. I wrapped an arm under her waist and lifted her hips upward slightly, lined myself up at her entrance and thrust in. I saw her teeth bite her lip as I moved in and out slowly at first. She felt wonderful. Better than I remembered. But not only that, it felt right. In my heart I think. To be with her in this way felt wholly right. My pace grew faster and faster until the moans being made were not only hers but mine as well. We came together within minuet of each other, it was perfect and wonderful. We lay there afterwards, her snuggled up against my shoulder, her fingers trailing over my stomach softly. I could feel her heart beating against my side as we lay, revelling in something that had ended. Yet here we were, once more we'd fallen back into one another. But I could feel a nagging in the back of my mind. Was this the beginning of a new chapter between us. Or just a blast from the past that was going to end abruptly in the morning. "Ron…" Her voice was soft, almost like a question but also like a statement. "Mm?" "Do you think…that perhaps this is something we should…keep doing?" I chuckled at her phrasing. "What should we keep doing?" I ask, wanting her to make the move. It was up to her. I knew what I wanted, what I'd wanted since we'd broken up. It was her decision. "This." She said resting her hand on my chest around about where my heart was. I stayed silent, letting her think things through. "I mean…I'm just-thinking…" Hermione, struggling for words was one of my favourite things. It was rare and of course meant that she was feeling insecure and completely unsure of herself. "Can we try this?" She blurted out suddenly, sitting herself up and staring down at my face. "Try what?" I asked running my hand up and down the arm she was leaning on. "This Ron. I know we ruined it last time but it was harder then. We were so far from one another all the time and things were still so hard and raw." She took a breath and lifted her leg over my hip so she was straddling my waist, her hands resting on my chest so that she could look me straight in the eyes. "I want this Ron. I want you ." Taking her wrists in my hands I lifted them from my chest and moved them to go around my neck and pressed my lips softly to hers. She pulled away quickly, to look once more into my eyes as though they'd give her the answer she so wanted to hear. "Is that a yes?" She asked. I kissed her once more and then pulled away, "Yes." I told her breaking into a grin and watched as one appeared on her face too. "Yes, yes, yes, yes."