that came with a wizarding marriage. The minister's first initial speech took almost five minutes and in that time, Hermione felt as though she was going to explode. She was dying to get on with things, and she was worried in case she was starting to look anxious. "If anyone knows of any just cause why these two might not be married, let them speak now," The minster announced, before pausing to see if anyone would speak up. Hermione's breath hitched at the Minister's proclamation, as it was the key for her father to make his presence known. Sure enough the Minister had barely finished talking when Hermione felt her father's presence, although she couldn't see him without turning her head and she didn't want to alert anyone to his presence before he made it known. "I object," Voldemort declared loudly from the back of the aisle. Voldemort's voice caused instant pandemonium, and several guests jumped up from their seats. Harry was one of those first on his feet, and he whirled to face Voldemort, wand in hand. At the same time Hermione had pulled out her wand and had taken a few steps towards Harry, passing a stunned Ron in the process. "Don't move, Potter," Voldemort called. "I've got you covered. In fact, I've got you all covered," He announced as his Death Eaters popped up, surrounding the wedding party and preventing anyone getting away. Harry whirled round, his eyes widening as he found a wand pointed at his neck, Hermione on the other end of it. "Hermione, I don't understand," He spluttered, giving his best friend a bewildered look. "It's quite simple really, I'm helping my father kill you," Hermione replied with a cold smile, aware that everyone was watching with baited breath, waiting to see what was going to happen next. "Father?" Ron squeaked from beside Hermione. He'd been so stunned by events, he hadn't even drawn his wand, and now several wands belonging to Death Eaters were aimed in his direction. "Yes, my father," Hermione said. "Lord Voldemort." "You bitch," Harry hissed. "This was all a set up. This entire wedding was a ploy." "Of course it was, you didn't honestly think I would really marry Ron, did you?" Hermione laughed. "No, when I get married, it will be to a real man. A man who knows how to treat a dark witch like myself." "No-one will want you after this," Ron snarled, anger slowly replacing his shock. "Guess again, Weasley," A low voice drawled behind Ron, and when he whirled around he found Draco was pointing wand in his direction. "Malfoy," Ron spat. "I should have known that you would have cosied up to The Dark Lord's bitch of a daughter." "No-one speaks about my daughter in that way," Voldemort bellowed as he raised his wand and pointed it at Ron. "Avada Kedavra!" The second the green light hit Ron squarely in the chest, and he went falling to the ground, screams erupted from the air and people sprang into action. Molly ran over to her fallen son, throwing herself over his prone body, while other members of the Order began to fight. Harry had hoped to take advantage of Hermione turning her head to see Ron fall, and he'd thrown a curse at her, but Draco had stepped in and easily diverted it. Draco's movement had captured Hermione's attention, and she turned back, ready to battle Harry. As battles raged on between the dark and light forces, Harry found himself having to face both Draco and Hermione. Unfortunately for Harry the pair worked seamlessly together and he soon found himself battling to just stay alive. However, just as it looked as though the pair had him where they wanted, Voldemort made his presence known and Draco and Hermione backed off. "Nice knowing you, Harry," Hermione called, blowing a kiss at Harry, before she turned and entered the fray of the main battle alongside Draco. Hermione had barely disappeared into the crowds, still fully dressed for the wedding that hadn't happened, when Voldemort turned his attention to Harry. After a short battle, during which Harry was still reeling from Hermione's deception and subsequently having to fight against her, Voldemort struck a deadly blow to finish off his enemy. Harry's death didn't bring about the complete surrender of the Order, but several people did stop fighting once they realised their saviour had been killed. After all, why fight when the only person who could have defeated Voldemort had just been killed. However, some people refused to just lie down and give up, meaning the battle continued for some time after Harry's death. After a good couple of hours, the dark emerged victorious. With their victory completed, the dark left the hotel so those that remained could salvage their dead and give them a proper burial. "Well, it was certainly a wedding day to remember," Hermione laughed as she landed back at Malfoy Manor along with her father and the rest of his Death Eaters. "It was eventful," Voldemort agreed. "Although next time, I'd prefer something quieter, Hermione. And I'll also like to be the one to give my daughter away." "I promise, Daddy," Hermione replied, giving her father a peck on the cheek. "My next wedding day, will be even more memorable than this one." "I'll look forward to it," Voldemort replied. "Now, go and get changed so you can celebrate with the youngsters. You did a good job today, Hermione. Thanks to you, Potter is gone and the remaining members of the Order are on their knees. Finally, we've won." Grinning happily at the thought of the dark finally winning the war, Hermione headed off to remove her wedding dress. Although little did she know, it would only be a couple of months before she stepped into another wedding dress, preparing for another wedding. Only her second wedding would be one she wanted to take place, as she would be marrying the wizard she loved.