arm around Hermione's shoulder and pulled her closer to him. "I think even if I could tell them it would only give them more ammunition against me," Hermione said with a sigh as she rested her head on Draco's shoulder. "Not only would I be an unattractive, boring bookworm, but I'd be a witch as well. They would just love to taunt me about being a witch." "Just for the record, they're completely wrong about you," Draco said. "You're not boring, and you're certainly not unattractive. You're the most interesting girl I've ever met, and I think you're gorgeous." "I notice you didn't correct the bookworm comment," Hermione teased, looking up at Draco with a grin. "That's because you are a bookworm," Draco replied. "You're my sexy bookworm, and I wouldn't have you any other way." Laughing lightly, Hermione leaned up and connected her lips with Draco's. Tangling his hand in his girlfriend's brunette curls, Draco passionately kissed her back. "Do you want to go upstairs?" He asked as they finally broke for some air. "I'm going for a shower," Hermione replied. "Alone," she added before Draco had a chance to suggest anything. "I promised to meet Ron before dinner to help with his Transfiguration homework, and if you come in the shower with me, I'll end up distracted." "Later then," Draco said. "Later," Hermione vowed, giving Draco another kiss before she got to her feet. "I'm just heading down to the dungeons to see Blaise," Draco said as he also stood up. "That way I'm not tempted to sneak up on you in the shower." Sticking her invitation on the bookshelf in the corner, Hermione said her goodbyes and headed up for a shower. Draco looked at the invitation, his mind whirling with a plan, before he turned and left the common room. He needed to speak to Blaise and run his idea past his best friend. Blaise was the only person aware of his relationship with Hermione, therefore Draco always went to him when he wanted to discuss his girlfriend. Down in the dungeons, Draco found Blaise chatting up a sixth year girl. Dragging his friend away from the fawning witch, Draco headed to the boys dorms so they could have some privacy. Theo, Crabbe and Goyle were all down in the common room so Draco knew they weren't going to run into any of them in his old dorm. "This better be important," Blaise muttered as he threw himself on his bed. "I was about to get some action there." "I'm sure you can pick up where you left off," Draco remarked as he settled down at the bottom of Theo's bed. Now he was no longer sleeping in the room, his old bed had vanished and there was slightly more room on the dorm. "I want to talk to you." "I figured as much," Blaise replied with a roll of his eyes. "I didn't think you'd dragged me in here for a passion filled encounter. So spill, what's going on? Hermione hasn't backed out of the holidays, has she?" "Not exactly," Draco said as he explained what was happening with his girlfriend. "Bummer," Blaise said with a sympathetic smile. "But at least you can still introduce her to your parents. You'll just not have as long to charm them." "That's not what I want to talk about," Draco said. "I want to talk about the party Hermione is going to for her grandparents' anniversary." "Why do you want to talk about a muggle party?" Blaise frowned. "Did she invite you to go with her?" "No. To be honest, I don't think it's occurred to her to ask if she could bring anyone," Draco said. "But I want to go anyway." "You're going to gate-crash a muggle party?" Blaise looked at his friend in disbelief. He couldn't believe even Draco could suggest something as outlandish. "Yeah," Draco confirmed with a nod. "Hermione mentioned some cousins, and she's clearly dreading seeing them. She didn't say much I get the impression they've made her life hell whenever she sees them." "And you want to turn up and rub their noses in it," Blaise guessed. "You want them to see that Hermione has a hot, sexy boyfriend." "Exactly," Draco answered with a smirk, before frowning at his friend. "Is there something you want to tell me Blaise? First you mention us getting passionate, and now you're calling me sexy? Does someone have a crush?" "Don't be so stupid. Everyone knows I like women, in fact I love women," Blaise said with a grin. "I'm just speaking objectively. You're a good looking lad, the whole school knows that. After me, I would say you were the most sought after boy in the entire school." "No, no, no," Draco said. "I'm the most sought after boy in the school. You play second fiddle to me." "As if," Blaise scoffed. "Everyone knows Blaise Zabini is the hot property in Hogwarts. I outdo you in every way. I'm so much sexier than you." "You know we could argue about this all day and never agree," Draco laughed. "You're right," Blaise said. "Let's get back to gate-crashing a muggle party. Do you have any idea how you're going to achieve it?" "That's where my best friend is going to come into play," Draco answered with a smirk. "Together, I'm confident we can find an answer." Blaise smirked back at Draco, knowing that together they could find a solution to any problem facing them. They were Slytherins after all, and there wasn't much that fazed them. Finding a way to gate-crash a muggle party was child's-play, especially after some of the things they'd gotten up to over the course of the last seven years. Rest assured, they'd find a way to get to Hermione's party and show her cousins just how great Hermione's life was. After they'd finished, her cousins would never mock her again. Instead they would be insanely jealous of her hot, sexy boyfriend.