Hermione whispered, feeling faint and praying that she wasn't going to humiliate herself any further by throwing up. "Relax Hermione, it was an accident," Draco said as he got to his feet, covered in sweet and sour sauce and red wine. "An accident, it's more like a train wreck," Hermione whispered in horror as the poor waiter she'd knocked over scrambled to his feet and apologised to her for his clumsiness. "Don't worry, it's all fixable," Draco said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a large bag of galleons. "We're sorry for the chaos, this will cover the damage," he said to the waiter as he placed the bag into his hand. "If you need any more, the manager knows where to find me." "Are you not staying for dinner, Mr Malfoy?" the waiter asked politely. "No," Hermione answered with a horrified shake of her head. She already knew she would never be setting foot in the restaurant again, not after the embarrassment she'd made of herself. Apologising to the staff of the restaurant for the accident, Draco took hold of Hermione's hand and led her out of the building. They were both aware that they were the centre of attention, and no doubt they would be all anyone would talk about for the remainder of the evening. "I have never been so embarrassed in my life," Hermione cried, once they were free and clear of the restaurant. "Today has been a total and utter disaster." "It's not the smoothest first date I've ever been on," Draco admitted with a wry grin. "I think this is the worst first date in the history of first dates," Hermione said. "I don't know, Blaise and Daphne spent their first date in the emergency room at St Mungo's," Draco offered. "Why?" "They went dancing and got their steps mixed up. Daphne stood on Blaise's foot in stiletto heels, and it went right through his shoe and into his foot. He had her shoe in his foot for a couple of hours until the healers could remove it." "And how did that work out?" "They got married last year," Draco replied. "And during their first dance, Daphne somehow managed to hit Blaise in the balls. He went down like a sack of potatoes." "I bet that made for a romantic wedding night," Hermione chuckled. "Their marriage wasn't consummated until the swelling had gone down a couple of days later," Draco said with a laugh. "So I guess, Blaise and Daphne no longer dance," Hermione said. "Not since their wedding, Blaise says he needs danger money to dance with Daphne," Draco replied. "At least dancing is a physical activity and accidents happen," Hermione said. "I'm not sure I've got an excuse for tonight. I should have cancelled the minute I was late leaving work. Everything's just gone wrong from there on out." "It wasn't the prefect date, but it could have been worse," Draco said gently. "How?" Hermione asked with a snort. "You could have knocked a bowl of soup into my lap rather than wine, now that would have hurt," Draco replied with a laugh. "Don't, I feel bad enough as it is," Hermione whined. "I swear, I will never live this down. I am so embarrassed." "Does that mean the date's over?" Draco asked. "You want it to carry on? After I've squirted you with sweet and sour sauce and knocked a glass of wine in your lap. Not to mention that poor waiter and all the food I sent crashing all over the place." "Accidents happen," Draco replied with a shrug. "I'll understand if you want to go home, but you don't have to." "I rather think I do," Hermione said with a sigh. "All I want to do is crawl into bed and forget tonight ever happened." Like the gentleman he was, Draco escorted her home. When they reached her flat, Hermione fully expected him to rush off, despite earlier saying they could continue their date. After what had happened, she didn't expect to ever see him again. No doubt he would find himself a witch who didn't embarrass herself in public. "Can we do this again?" Draco asked as they stood outside of Hermione's flat. "What, have the night from hell?" Hermione asked. "No, have a second date," Draco clarified. "You want to see me again?" Hermione questioned in surprise. "After tonight, you want to risk going out with me again?" "Maybe we'll go somewhere without food," Draco joked. "But seriously, yes, I want to see you again. I really like you Hermione, and while tonight was far from perfect, I still enjoyed it. I don't want this to be the end." "I'd love to go out with you again," Hermione replied with a smile. "And I promise to be on my best behaviour next time." "You shouldn't worry about it, I'm sure this will just be a fun anecdote we'll tell people years into the future," Draco laughed. "I'd rather not tell anyone," Hermione admitted with a blush. "My lips are sealed," Draco vowed. "So how about next weekend? Are you free?" "I am," Hermione replied with a nod. "Good," Draco said, giving Hermione a wide smile. "We can arrange something during the week. Thank you for tonight Hermione, it's been unique." "Oh, that is such a polite way of saying I was total embarrassment," Hermione retorted, unable to help the small smile that her lips curved into. She was still totally embarrassed, but she was so grateful for Draco for not making a big deal of the mess she'd made. "You weren't," Draco assured her. "Good night, Hermione." "Good night, Draco." Giving Hermione another smile, Draco leaned forwards and gently pressed his lips against hers. It just a brief kiss, but the few moments their lips were touching were enough to make Hermione forget all about the disaster their first date had been. It was the perfect way to end their perfectly imperfect first date. The End.