as though butter wouldn't melt, her reputation was tainted and everyone knew what she really was. "Is Mr Malfoy the first married man you've slept with?" another reporter questioned. "Sod off, all of you, before we have you arrested," Ron growled. "Have you never heard of freedom of the press, Mr Weasley?" Rita asked sweetly, smiling as Hermione glared at her with obvious hatred. "Have you never heard of angry people accidently saying something they shouldn't?" Harry threatened, giving Rita a look that left her in no doubt that if she pushed too far he would spill her little secret. As frustrating as it was, Rita backed off at Harry's threat and stood silently as Harry and Ron ushered Hermione into the lifts and away from the waiting press. However, before the lifts swept them away to their offices, Hermione spoke for the first time and announced a press conference for later that afternoon. Brimming with excitement about what Hermione could say to try and get out of the mess, Rita had dropped her in, the reporter returned to her office for a few hours before heading back to the Ministry and ensuring she had a front row seat for the impromptu press conference Hermione had called. By the time the press conference was due to start, the atrium of the Ministry was packed to the gills with eager reporters. When Hermione entered the room, yet again with Harry and Ron at her side, the photographers went crazy to grab a picture of the witch at the centre of the biggest scandal to hit the wizarding world that year. "As you're all aware I was the subject of a vicious report in yesterday's edition of The Daily Prophet," Hermione began, giving Rita a disgusted look as she spoke. "Not only was the report full of false facts, but it was extremely upsetting to me and my family. I've personally spoken to the editor of the Prophet and he's promised me that this will never happen to another person. No-one else will be a victim of such a nasty, libellous smear campaign." Rita paled slightly as Hermione mentioned libel. In her world the threat of legal action could end a career. But then again for Hermione to be threatening legal action she would have to disprove Rita's claims, and everything Rita had wrote was true. Draco Malfoy was a married man, and there was no doubt that Hermione was sleeping with him. "To address the article in question, I'd like to introduce my husband," Hermione continued. "Draco Malfoy." Rita let out a small moan as Draco appeared from the side of the small stage and walked up to stand beside Hermione. Something was definitely wrong, and Rita was struggling to find the breath to ask the questions she knew needed asking. Fortunately the other reporters weren't as speechless and they began to bombard Hermione and Draco with questions. "Not so fast," Hermione said, holding her hand up to stop the slew of questions being thrown their way. "Draco and I are married, and have being for eight years. We also have two children, although neither of them are here and we would appreciate their privacy being respected." "So what was with the hotel?" one of the reporters shouted. "We're in the middle of moving from France, and while out house is being sorted, we've been staying at a hotel," Draco explained. "Not that this is anything to do with anyone. We haven't done anything wrong, and we shouldn't have to be standing here answering questions that never should have been raised in the first place." "This report is clearly the work of a vindictive reporter," Hermione added, giving Rita a pointed stare, even though everyone knew who had wrote the article. "A reporter, I might add, who didn't even bother to check her facts before printing such rubbish." "Rubbish we have every right to take legal action over," Draco said. "You can't," Rita spluttered, aware that several photographers were snapping pictures of her. "We can," Hermione replied. "Unless of course, you hang up that poisonous quill of yours for good." "You're going to ruin me," Rita whispered. This was so much worse than the last time Hermione had gotten the better of her as she'd done it so publically that her reputation was now in tatters. "No Rita, you've ruined yourself," Hermione said gently. "You let your vendetta against me taint your judgement as a reporter. You published an article without fully checking the facts, and now you've got to face the consequences. So what will it be, Rita? Are you going to crawl away quietly, or should Draco and I contact our lawyers?" With no other choice, Rita very publically announced the end of her career as a reporter. As she left the Ministry in shame, part of her was furious with Hermione for ruining her life, but a bigger part of her was angrier with herself. She'd been foolish to print the article without double checking all their facts, and her eagerness to ruin Hermione's reputation had ended up costing her the most important thing in her life – her career. Yet again Hermione Granger had gotten the better of her, and this time there was nothing Rita could do about it. Vengeance was not hers, and the only person who'd ended up getting hurt was herself. Hermione had definitely had the last laugh – she had the perfect career, a gorgeous husband and undoubtedly two adorable children. Meanwhile Rita was all alone, and thanks to her petty nature she'd ruined her entire life by trying to bring down a witch who'd offended her fifteen years ago. As she arrived home, totally defeated, Rita decided that it was going to take a smarter witch than her to bring down Hermione Granger. Not that she ever thought it was going to happen. Hermione Granger was one of life's winners, and as of now, Rita was definitely a loser. The End.