He's younger than me actually." "Draco?" Harry questioned in confusion. "Yes, Draco," Hermione said slowly, getting an inkling of what her friends were thinking. "My boyfriend." "Boyfriend," Ginny repeated, shooting her boyfriend a horrified look. "I think I've made a bit of a mistake here," Harry offered sheepishly. "I would say," Ginny snorted. "Hermione, I'm so sorry. I had no idea you were with Draco." "I'm thinking from everything you've said that you thought I was sleeping with Lucius," Hermione said, her eyes darting between her two best friends. "Sorry," Harry muttered. "What I don't get is why you would think that," Hermione said. "You both know me. Do you either of you think I would sleep with a married man?" "I would have said no, but Harry was pretty convincing this morning," Ginny offered in her defence. "I only repeated what I saw," Harry said. "And to be fair, if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believe it myself." "Just what did you see, Harry?" Hermione asked. "First of all, let me just say that Ginny and I have suspected for a while that you've been seeing someone," Harry began. "I did think you had an inkling that I was seeing someone," Hermione admitted. "But what made you think it was Lucius?" "I saw him this morning," Harry said. "When I arrived at yours, I could hear the shower going. I then saw you saying goodbye to Lucius. Plus I could smell that musky aftershave you sometimes smell of." Hermione chuckled slightly as she viewed that morning from Harry's perspective. Aside from the fact she was still slightly hurt that Harry thought she was sleeping with a married man, she could see how he'd come to such wild conclusions. Without knowing all the facts, it would look as though something strange was going between her and Lucius. "Okay, I can see why you got suspicious," Hermione conceded. "Although for the record, that musky scent is Draco's shower gel not his aftershave. Lucius had used some this morning to shower. I thought it was better than offering him my shower gel which smells like peaches." "But why was Lucius in your shower this morning?" Ginny asked. "If you're with Draco, why is his father showering in your flat?" "He spent the night on the sofa," Hermione said, quickly filling his friends in on what had happened the previous night. "What an introduction," Ginny laughed. "It was rather unconventional," Hermione confessed. "But in a strange way, I think it might have helped Lucius accept me. I think even he would have found it pretty hard to object to me being with Draco when I'd been so accommodating." "So he really has no problems with you being a muggleborn?" Harry checked. It was no secret that Lucius had been a Death Eater in the war, and while he'd claimed to have left the dark behind him when Voldemort fell, the likes of Arthur Weasley had always maintained he was bad to the bone. "I'm not naive enough to believe he's totally accepting," Hermione replied. "But I do believe Draco's happiness is his main priority. I'm sure it won't be easy, but I do believe he won't cause any trouble. I'm just hoping I can say the same about my friends." "You can for me," Harry said quickly. "I'm sorry Hermione. I jumped to all the wrong conclusions, and I'm sorry I believed it even though I was horrified at the thought of you sleeping with Lucius." "For the record, I wasn't horrified at the thought of you sleeping with a hottie like Lucius. I was merely concerned about you possibly sleeping with a married man," Ginny said. "You think Lucius is a hottie?" Hermione asked with a laugh. "Don't you?" Ginny retorted. "I know you're dating Malfoy, but you've got to admit his dad's fit. You'll be a lucky witch if Draco is as hot as his father when he's older." "I love the way you assume Draco and I will be together when we're Lucius's age," Hermione chuckled. "Call it a hunch, but I have a good feeling about the two of you," Ginny replied with a grin. "And I notice you didn't deny Lucius is a hottie." "I will admit he's a very attractive older man," Hermione conceded, sharing a sly smile with Ginny. "But his son is even hotter." "I want to know everything," Ginny urged her friend. "I'll tell you what you want to know," Hermione said. "As long as you both promise to back me up when I tell Ron and everyone else." "After the accusations we've just thrown your way, we'll be there for you all the way," Harry vowed. "And we're very sorry, Hermione." "Really sorry," Ginny added. "I accept your apologies," Hermione said with a smile. "I guess it did look a bit dodgy this morning. Let's not mention it again, especially to Draco. I'm not so sure he'd see the funny side of it." "How can he not?" Ginny asked with a chuckle. "You have to admit, it is funny." "It is," Hermione conceded with a smile. "But Draco can be pretty jealous at times. Even in jest, I don't think he would like the idea of someone thinking I was sleeping with his father. Let's leave this between the three of us." "That's fine by me," Harry said eagerly. To be honest he didn't want people to know what a fool he'd made of himself by jumping to such ridiculous conclusions. With a promise to forget about Harry's misunderstanding, the trio headed into the kitchen for dinner. As they ate, Hermione told Harry and Ginny all about her relationship with Draco and the couple promised that they would be there for Hermione as she faced the Weasleys with her news. They even promised to have dinner with Hermione and Draco one evening as they got to know the Malfoy that Hermione was actually sleeping with. The End.