already lost count of the many people who heard and came to ask how the two were dealing with his mothers departure. Draco just ignored them and walked away, he saw the looks from his father and knew when he got home he would be punished for being so rude. But for now, he didn't want to talk to anyone about his mother. He hated how they all knew but then it was probably his fault for running around and telling people she had gone missing, and no doubt Lucius had also spread the word of her departure. His luck just continued to worsen when he walked into the book shop and found the golden trio standing right in front of the door with the rest of the Weasley family. His father was only a few feet behind him but they all saw him first. The last thing Draco wanted was them knowing, she had only gone yesterday but Draco made the mistake of accidentally letting all Narcissa's friends know, and they all had the biggest mouths of both the wizarding world and the muggle world. Draco felt his father lay a hand on his shoulder and led him down. When he reached the Weasley's his father forced him to stop so that he could look up at Arther and begin to irritate the red-headed man. Draco was obviously expected to do the same but for some reason he felt rather empty, his mother was gone and he did not care to insult any of them today. By the end of it, Molly Weasly and the two eldest sons had began to wrestle Arther away while Lucius smirked and beckoned Draco after him. Without so much as a cutting remark, much to the surprise of the whole of them, Draco turned and followed his father to the nearest books. He heard them whisper about him but he ignored it, though he did make sure to knock Neville Longbottom hard on the shoulder and then tread on his newly brought books. That helped him feel a bit better. The rest of the day could not pass more slowly. Draco was dragged from shop to shop, luckily he didn't pass the trio or the family again, but he did pass a dozen people while knew about Narcissa and that was almost worse. If he did not know any better than he would have sworn that Lucius took them to more shops than on the list just to get sympathy! Finally Lucius grabbed his shoulder (tighter than necessary, as always) and dragged him along. They were just about to get one of the floo networks home when someone called his name and Draco's stomach did a somersault. "Draco!" Pansy gasped, running over. "I am so glad I caught you! Is it true?! Are the rumours TRUE ?" "What rumours, Pansy?" Draco grumbled, his father would not leave now that Pansy's father was coming over, the two were quite close after all. A few years ago he had heard sickening rumours that they might even marry Pansy and Draco off to join their families. God he hoped his father changed his mind before it was too late. "About your mother of course." She dropped her voice and whispered, looking around like it was some dirty secret that would shame the whole family. "I don't know," Draco simply shrugged, he was not going to tell anyone that his mother had left before he was pretty sure she would come back for him, (he tried not to think of what he would do if she was dead). "It is true." Lucius sighed sadly to Pansy's father. "But everything will be fine." "Good to hear," he nodded back, and seconds later they were moving onto a different subject. Lucius was showing no sign of sadness and no one but Draco seemed to be noticing this! It made him sick! He knew his mother had loved Lucius but that man had never loved Narcissa! He had used her and her family! "Draco... Are you alright?" Pansy asked. The truth was, Draco never knew what to make of Pansy. One minute she could be a really considerate friend to him, she would make sure he was OK, try and cheer him up if she thought he was upset but then Draco had been one of the people Pansy spoke to when she talked about people behind their back. Some that were in the same position as Draco was now. In fact he would bet any more, after she was done with him, she would be running off to tell everyone what she heard. "I am fine Pansy," Draco said irritably. "Are you sure? Because you know you can always come to me, no matter what!" Pansy pushed, hugging him tightly. "I am fine!" Draco said, snappish now. "... Well OK then." Pansy said, she was trying not to scowl at him or show he disappointment at lack of gossip. "I am going home now." Draco said stated aloud. "I apologise for my son." Lucius snarled, "He has been quite traumatized by his mother leaving him. He has been like this all day," he lowered his voice so only they could hear. "I will sort him out when I get home." Pansy's father scowled darkly and nodded while Pansy's face seemed to light up, she was now desperate to move on herself to spread the news but she forced herself to remain a good little girl and waited for her father to finish talking. When they were finally leaving, Pansy turned to Draco and pretended to wave happily, bouncing up and down as she cried her goodbyes like just parting for a few more days was too much for her. Draco ignored her but winced when he felt Lucius' hand surround the back of his neck and grip tightly. He pushed Draco forward and he just knew he was going to have a bruise by the time they got home!