no one around to disturb us. Both of us were topless and ragged in breath as we kissed and touched and then Ron switched our positions by rolling onto his back and pulling me so that I was on top of him. I was sat on his jean clad erection, my hands were braced on his chest and my hair was a wild mess surrounding us. "You're so beautiful." He told me sweetly and leant up to kiss me once before falling back on the cushions. I smiled down at him and got to my feet over him. He looked confused for a moment until I took my hands and undid my jeans. His mouth literally dropped open as I began to pull them down. They got stuck on my knees so I had to be ungraceful and flop onto my butt and pull them off the rest of the way sat down. All the while Ron stared on in utter shock. Once I'd got them off I quickly took my position from before, straddling him. I still had my knickers on, a light blue pair of cotton briefs, nothing special or exciting or particularly sexy but Ron didn't really seem to care. I took my hands and undid the top button of his jeans and slowly pulled the zipper down. There I stopped and looked up at him. He was panting and still seemed be in complete and utter shock. I began pulling them down his hips and suddenly Ron had come back to life. He lifted his hips to help, with his jeans came his boxers and there before me was his very erect penis. I looked away and continued pulling his jeans off till he was before me, completely naked. If I'm being honest he looked a little self conscious himself. His pale body was littered with bruises of varying colours, much like my own however he seemed to have many more than me. I leant over him and began kissing his torso wherever there was a bruise. Slowly I made my way further and further down until I was kissing one upon his hip bone. I took his erection in hand and let my hand slide up and down once, twice then leaned my head closer and let my tongue slip out to caress the head of his penis. The groan that Ron released as I let my lips close over it, made it sound as though he were in pain but with one quick glance up at his face I knew he was anything but in pain. I bobbed my head up and down and suddenly Ron's hands were on my head, gripping my hair. I kept on going, alternating between using my hand and mouth until suddenly he gripped my arms and pulled me up and away, he moved so that once again I was on my back and he lay on his side next to me. "Merlins beard Hermione…" He said as he let his hands wander down my body to the top of my knickers where he let his hand slide under and let his fingers slide down my slit and up again. My head fell back once again until he began circling the little nub hidden away. I moaned loudly at his touch. I couldn't hold it back. There was no controlling it. He kept on circling the nub causing my hips to buck against his hands until I was on the brink of spiralling out of control and he pulled his hand away to pull the knickers away and down my legs, kissing as he went. He trailed his hands slowly and softly back up my legs until he reached the apex where one set to working my nub one more and two slid slowly into my opening. I hadn't realised how wet I would get but it was so slick that I hardly felt anything at all, only the pleasure of his stimulating fingers. As I once again almost finished completion Ron pulled his fingers away and moved back up my body and stopped my moan of impatience with a kiss. Then I felt him positioning himself at my entrance and I suddenly felt nervous. What if it wouldn't fit or we just didn't connect or- He was in and it hurt. I flinched in the bed and covered my eyes with my hands. Ron stopped where he was. "Hermione?" He whispered worriedly. "No-no. Don't worry Ron. Just stings. Just go slow ok?" "Ok." He replies in a whisper. "We can stop you know, we don't have to." "No! I want this just as much as you." I tell him and pull my hands away from my eyes and grab onto his face. He moves forward slowly until he's all the way in and I feel so full and the pain is hardly there any more. 'Go Ron." I tell him and he slides out and then back in at a slow pace. I can see he's holding back as he bites his lip and closes his eyes. I reach between us and find the nub once more and begin circling it myself. It helps and I can suddenly feel the pleasure resurfacing once more. "Ron…go faster." I pant. And he concedes. He thrusts faster with each turn until we hit a rhythm and it all becomes so natural. We move together in synchronisation and soon I can feel the build once more and then I'm falling down a hole of pleasure that seems never ending and I can feel my walls tightening around him and then he comes, calling out my name and collapsing on me. Our breaths are sporadic and ragged as we lay recovering from it. From sex! I just lost my virginity! To Ron! How did this happen! When I woke up this morning I hadn't planned on any of this. But here we were, laying naked and wrapped up in one another and happy.