"And he didn't pass me either." "Draco, how did you get here?" Lucius repeated, sitting down on the bed beside his son. "I won't be cross, I promise," he swore when Draco didn't answer him. "Please Draco." With a sigh, Draco hopped off the bed and took hold of his father's hand. Draco led Lucius into one of the rarely used spare rooms and pulled open a cupboard door. Lucius peered into the cupboard and found there was a small hole near the bottom of the back of the cupboard. The hole wasn't big enough for a grown man, but it was just the right size for a small boy. Clearly the hole led to a cupboard somewhere in Draco's new wing of the manor. "Impressive," Lucius admitted with a low whistle. He might have been annoyed to be interrupted, but even he could appreciate his son's sneakiness in finding an unknown secret passageway. "Come on Draco, let's get you back to bed." Draco did actually return to his own bed, in his own wing of the manor, but by the time Lucius returned to his own bedroom Narcissa had curled up in bed and clearly wasn't in the mood for action. Hoping that in time Draco would spend the entire night in his room, Lucius settled down in bed with his wife. Now Draco had his own wing of the manor, Lucius was sure that they would get plenty of time alone together. A month after Draco had moved into his own wing, he was still regularly visiting Lucius and Narcissa in the night. Some nights he even spent the night in his old bedroom, but Lucius had yet another plan. He was getting desperate, and more than anything he wanted an uninterrupted night with his wife. As Draco's bedtime drew nearer, Lucius summoned one of the elves and asked for hot chocolates all around. When the elf returned with the hot chocolates, Lucius made sure he was the one to hand them around, and before he gave Draco his drink, he sneakily slipped a mild sleeping draught into the creamy drink. He did feel slightly bad for drugging his son, but it was only a short term answer, and with any luck the more nights Draco spent in his own bed, the less likely he was to wander when Lucius didn't slip him a sleeping draught. By the time Draco had finished his drink the draught was starting to take effect and he was virtually asleep where he sat. When Narcissa noticed how tired Draco was, she insisted that he go to bed early. Picking his son up, Lucius offered to take Draco up and tuck him in for the night. "Just call if he won't settle," Narcissa said, happy to let Lucius handle their son's bedtime routine. "I'm sure he'll be fine," Lucius replied, hiding his smugness from his wife. Taking Draco up to his wing of the manor, he supervised his bedtime routine. Even though Draco was practically asleep, he still read him a story and by the time he reached the end, Draco was snoring his little head off. "Sweet dreams, son," Lucius whispered, kissing the top of Draco's head. "You'll understand why I did this when you're older and you have a mischievous five year old running around the place." Leaving a soundly sleeping Draco nestled in his bed, Lucius returned to his wife. Narcissa had poured them a glass of wine and they relaxed in the living room as they discussed their respective days. "You know, I think Draco is finally getting used to his new wing," Lucius said, sliding his hand up his wife's thigh. "I don't think he'll interrupt us tonight." "You've said that before," Narcissa chuckled. "This time, I'm sure I'm right," Lucius replied. "Do want to take a chance?" "I'm game if you are," Narcissa answered with a cheeky smile. "So Mr Malfoy, are you going to take me to bed?" "Just you try and stop me," Lucius said, sweeping his wife up into his arms and pressing their lips together in a searing kiss. The couple moved into their bedroom, and for the first time in what felt like an eternity they had the entire night to themselves. Without interruptions from Draco the couple were able to spend hours in each other's arms, and they even managed a lie-in when Draco didn't wake them at the crack of dawn. "You were right," Narcissa said as she lay nestled in her husband's arms, the morning light sneaking through the bedroom window. "It looks like Draco is finally settling down." "It's getting his own wing," Lucius said. "It's the making of him. I doubt he'll disturb us much more from now on." Thanks to Lucius occasionally slipping his son a sleeping draught, he was proved right and the nights of being disturbed by Draco were over. Of course, Lucius didn't have to use the sleeping draught for long as Draco was soon sleeping in his own room all night on his own, and he never confided in Narcissa about what had led to their son's turnaround in spending the night in his own room. In fact Lucius kept his secret for over twenty years, and it was Draco who he confided in when his son asked for advice in dealing with his own sneaky son, Scorpius, who was putting a kink in his sex life. Lucius never did find out if Draco tried his trick of using a light sleeping draught on Scorpius, but days later his daughter-in-law, Hermione Granger, mentioned that Scorpius had spent the entire night in his own room, and Draco was walking round with a smug smirk on his face. Whatever trick Draco had used it had worked, just like Lucius's sly little move with the sleeping draught. The Malfoy children might have been sneaky, but they were no match for their fathers, and their desires to spend an uninterrupted evening with their wives. The End.