culture." A small smile played on his lips as he spoke, eyes grazing over he body. "Sounds lovely." Andromeda said and turned away to speak to her sister, who had unfortunately given up and moved off to see her friends who were huddled on the edge of the dance floor. Andromeda felt a hand on her lower back and saw a hand cut across her to take her still full glass from her fingers and place it beside his own on the side before taking her hand and leading her onto the dance floor. The floor was filled with bodies moving together in unison, some closer than others and a few, like Andromeda, very hesitant. Taking a deep breath she kept her eyes on his chest which was straight in front of her as Lucius pulled her close, a little too close perhaps, his hand dropping to rest on the arch of her spine, a little too close to her arse for her liking and most likely her fathers too. She quickly looked about the room to see her father stood smiling and watching them. In fact he was stood beside Abraxas Malfoy who was also watching and smiling himself. A quick tug on her hand Lucius had her looking up into is eyes. She was panicked, she knew she was reaching the age of marriage; her mother was engaged to her father at sixteen! But Bella hadn't even been given a suitor yet, which was no real surprise seeing as how the boys at Hogwarts all knew of her temper and for the most part had been on the receiving end of her curses. Leaving her parents to fight on her behalf for a half decent suitor to continue the Black line. Lucius had a grin on his face as he looked at her panic, he seemed to be enjoying it somehow. "I think our fathers may have just made an agreement that could impact the rest of our lives." He said, his hand clutching her hard. "No…no. Bella's not even…" She stuttered and stalled pulling her eyes away from his to search the room again for her father, but the twirling dance Lucius had them on was dizzying and she felt a little nauseous. Stumbling in her heel, Lucius quickly grasped her close, holding her up before escorting her from the floor out onto one of the open balconies. The cold night air did Andromeda the world of good and she quickly regained her balance and marched from Lucius' grasp. "This cannot be happening." She said to the darkening world beyond the Malfoy estate, leaning against the stone walling of the balcony. "Oh but it is, little Miss Black." Malfoy purred beside her, although he leant back against the stone facing into the party, arms folded and legs crossed. "Did you plan this? Ask for this?" She turned her head to face him. She could feel goosebumps raising on her skin in the cool evening. Summer was ending and it could be felt in the air. "Of course not you idiot." He looked down at her. "My father chose, I just didn't feel the need to decline the offer." A smug smile played on his lips and he lifted a hand to stroke her cheek. "Don't touch me you prick!" She leapt away from her perch and into the corner of the balcony, lights moving and glimmering against her skin, making shadows. "You think because you're a pureblood that the world is yours to pick and choose through. Well I've got news for you Malfoy …you can't pick and choose me. I refuse!" He told him, a grin on her face. Only the grin slid as he moved to block her into the corner and Andromeda noticed that she was very much alone on the balcony with the biggest arsehole of Hogwarts. "Are you so sure you want to refuse?" He asked, blocking her into the corner with his arms on either side. It wasn't quite a threat, but it was hinted at, hanging in the air. "Yes." She spat and lifted her knee to jerk into his crotch and watched as he fell to his knees before moving around him and back through the doors into the well lit, populated ballroom. Andromeda had only taken two steps before she felt a hand on her arm and she turned raising her other hand to defend herself in whatever way she could think, only to find her cousin Sirius Black staring at her in complete and utter shock. "Andy what the hell ! Did I actually just witness you taking that git out?" His shock had turned into glee, his usual mischief evident in his dark eyes. "Sirius, now is not the time. I need to move away. Now." She told him and as she stepped away and further from the balcony. But Sirius had other plans forming, as he dragged her in the opposite direction, out into one of the many halls running from the ballroom and there demanded, "Can you apparate yet?" "What?" "Can you apparate? What year do you learn?" "I'll be learning this year, but I already know how." She told him quickly. "Why?" "Let's go!" He exclaimed pulling his wand from his pocket and shoving it into her hand. "Sirius! Stop it! Where exactly are we going?" "The Prewett brothers are having a bash! Their parents are out of town and that sister of theirs had no chance of stopping them once word got out! Come on please! You know you want to get away from here! Leave your dumb, sheep sisters and come to the party?" He looked at her, pleading with his best puppy eyes. "Please?" She looked up and out into the ballroom through the door and for the first time all summer felt a little more alive. She also saw Malfoy angrily searching the dancefloor for herself. "Fine." She grabbed his wand, took Sirius' hand and span on the spot.