home he picked up the Riddle's magical safe box. Even though he knew it was useless as the entire family were dead something compelled him to take the box home with him. Lucius stored the box in his office when he returned home before he went to find his wife and son. Finding Narcissa sitting in the front room feeding Draco, Lucius sat down next to his wife. "Did you find anything?" Narcissa asked, hopefully. She was still hoping it was all a mistake and her friends wouldn't be dead. "No, nothing." Lucius shook his head sadly. "I can't even find any remains, the fire must have been extremely strong." "I still can't believe it," Narcissa sighed. "It was only last night that we performed the bonding ceremony." At the mention of the bonding ceremony Lucius looked down at his son, he was drinking his bottle and looked perfectly happy. "How's Draco been since last night?" Lucius asked. "Fine. Why?" Narcissa was puzzled by her husband's sudden change of subject. "He's bonded with Athena so now that she's dead he should be having some sort of reaction," Lucius explained, studying his son. "The ending of the bond is a painful process so Draco really shouldn't be fine." "Well he is," Narcissa said, also studying her son. "What does that mean? Did the bond not work properly?" "The bond worked fine," Lucius said as he removed his wand from his robes. "I just don't think it's broken." "How is that possible?" Narcissa asked. "Athena's dead." Lucius didn't respond as he waved his wand over Draco, who continued to drink his bottle happily. Lucius muttered a few spells over Draco and within minutes a golden glow surrounded the baby. "The glow means the bond is still active," Lucius said to Narcissa. "Athena's alive." "What are we going to do?" Narcissa asked, pleased that at least one member of the Riddle family had survived. "Try and look for her. It looks like Dumbledore has taken her, he might place her with someone either in The Order or associated with them. I'll start investigating as soon as possible." "What happens if we don't find her?" Narcissa asked, wondering what would happen to Draco if they never found Athena. With the bond still in place he wouldn't be able to get involved with another witch and would always feel incomplete as his other half wasn't by his side. "I'm not sure," Lucius admitted. "I think if we can't find her the best we can hope for is that Draco comes into contact with her at some point and the bond activates." "I hope we find her," Narcissa sighed, taking the empty bottle off her son. "I hate to think that Draco will spend his entire life alone." Lucius nodded, agreeing with his wife. When he and Voldemort had discussed the bond they had assumed Draco and Athena would grow up together, they had never discussed the possibility that they could be separated and potentially go their whole lives not knowing the person that completed them. G.O.V. "What I have to say is strictly confidential and must stay between us," Dumbledore addressed the five other people in the room. It was the day after Voldemort's demise and Dumbledore had arranged to speak to Sirius, James, Arthur, Molly and Lily. The previous night he had given James and Arthur permission to tell their wives the true story of what had happened with Voldemort's daughter, although he made them promise it would remain secret. "As you know Voldemort's daughter is alive. No-one outside this room is aware of that fact and that's the way I intend to keep it," Dumbledore said. "Why the big secret?" Molly asked. "If people knew she was alive some of Voldemort's followers might try and find her," Dumbledore explained. "It's imperative that she grows up away from their influence, we don't want the prophecy coming true." "What did you do with her?" Arthur asked. "I took her to an old friend of mine, Richard Granger. He's a squib and his wife is a muggle," Dumbledore answered. "They're going to raise her as a muggle until it's time for her to go to Hogwarts." "You're allowing her into Hogwarts?" Sirius exclaimed. "Surely that's too dangerous." "Not if we do it right," Dumbledore said. "She'll end up in the same year as Harry and Ron so all we need to do is make sure she connects with the boys and becomes friendly with our group." Harry was James and Lily's son while Ron was Molly and Arthur's youngest son. "Surely the Malfoy boy will be in the same year," Lily said. "What happens if she befriends him?" "She won't," Dumbledore insisted. "First of all she'll already be friendly with the boys and by then you can have subtly dropped into conversation about the bad reputation of Slytherins. Secondly I've deliberately placed her with a muggle family so everyone will think she's a muggleborn, we all know the Malfoys opinions on muggleborns so there's no way their son will befriend one." "I hope this works," Molly sighed. "It will, with the right direction we can keep Voldemort's daughter away from the dark side and firmly on ours," Dumbledore said. "What happens now?" Arthur asked as Dumbledore seemed to have finished speaking. "Nothing," Dumbledore said. "Although in ten years' time we need to befriend a little muggleborn named Hermione Granger and keep her from finding out who she really is." A/N - Currently fan fiction isn't alerting followers to story updates, which was what happened to my other two stories in progress when I updated them this week, so there will be a small pause in my updating. Hopefully it will be sorted soon, and I'll post some bonus chapters when this is all sorted, but until then I'm not going to update until I know all my followers are getting their notifications as half the people reading the stories will end up missing half of it.