Trevor's letters trickled in a steady stream. He wrote of crazy trips though magical kingdoms and his death-eater parents who seemed to be getting crazier by the day. He wrote of crazy sights. How Enola longed to see him. "That's really quite some friend you got there." Said Enola's mom one day. "What?" Said Enola, looking up, startled. "That's quite a friend you got there to write you all those letters, every day." "Yeah," Enola said looking off into the distance. "He really is." After one incredibly mundane ride to the King's Cross station with her mother who seemed to be getting more mysterious by the day, Enola finally was running through the little wall between platforms 9 and 10 feeling that thrill like she always did. It's weird. The perfect, sweet Enola from the past would have never would have believed herself if she had said one day she would be going right through this wall and onto the Hogwarts Express. There was something beautiful about that. "Trevor!" Cried Enola, enveloping him in a hug. "I missed you so much!" Trevor had grown. He had gotten tan and he seemed more lean and the shadows that once were under his eyes seemed to have completely disappeared. Enola blushed. Why was she noticing this stuff? They were just friends, after all. "C'mon." Said Enola, grabbing Trevor's hand. We're going to be late." Enola started to notice something. She felt sometimes as if she wanted her and Trevor to be more than friends. The occasional brush of a hand, the occasional deep red blush that spread across Trevor's face, that Enola found adorable. But still, Hogwarts was as it had been before. With strange things lurking around every corner. "Someone's killed professor Longbottom!" Cried a 7th year Slytherin, running throughout the hallway with a scared look on his face. "What?" Enola turned to Trevor. He looked pale. But he still had that same look of guilt on his face whenever something strange happened. "Trevor, this is horrible." Enola turned to Trevor and rested her head on his shoulder. Then the most peculiar thing she had ever saw (and that was saying a lot) happened. Trevor, strong Trevor, started to cry. It was a funny thing, really for she could've sworn Trevor hated herbology. But his sobs were the sobs of a guilty man, of someone who'd seen too much. Enola didn't know why, but a terrible feeling started to spread within her gut. The next part of her life was the worst thing that had ever happened… ever. Enola was called into Headmistress McGonagall's office. "You requested to see me ma'am?" Enola squeaked. "Yes. Yes I did. You are close with Trevor Cecil, are you not?" McGonagall rearranged some paper's on her desk. "I think so?" Enola managed to say. "Well, I need you to do something for me." McGonagall stared her straight in the eye. "I need you to kill Trevor Cecil." Enola felt the walls closing in on her, and her vision got fuzzy. "You want me to what? Why?" "Something dark is invading Hogwarts. Something is killing ghosts and bogarts and feasting on their energy… much like how You-Know-Who feasted on unicorn blood. We think that this greater force is aided by someone. An inside agent. And we have great evidence that this person is Trevor." "What? You know he has death-eater parents and he's probably forced into it and has no choice-" "Please. Don't you get it? Enola, you're our only hope." McGonagall's eyes were pleading. "Our only hope for saving Hogwarts is you killing Trevor. If this goes on more professors could die…" "Wait… did he kill Professor Longbottom?" "Yes, yes he did." Slowly the more things started to fit into place, like pieces of giant, elaborate puzzle. Trevor's mysterious gaze. His strange papers in his folders. "So can I count on you?" McGonagall stared Enola straight in the eye. "Of course." And then it was time. Enola, was about to kill Trevor. Her best friend. Possibly something more. Enola was about to ruin her life. Enola knocked on Trevor's door. "Trevor?" "Yes?" He said opening the door. "Oh, it's you. Come in, come in. Couldn't sleep either?" "Yeah, something like that." "Why do you look so sad?" "I'm so sorry." Said Enola, her eyes brimmed with tears. "I'm so sorry." She held her want out at Trevor. "Avada Kedavra!" She said, and he fell, and she fell with him. "I'm so sorry. I love you." She said pushing his hair out of his eyes. With what little energy he had left, he looked over at her. "Enola…" And then his eyes rolled back into his head. Enola cried and cried. It was the kind of deep and guttural sob you heard some cry when they had something big something that meant EVERYTHING. She couldn't take it anymore. She leaned her head against him. Suddenly, McGonagall and other teachers came sprinting forward. "You did it, Enola. You've saved countless lives. We will be forever indebted to you." McGonagall said to her. But Enola wasn't listening. She was rocking, holding her knees close to her chest and tuning out everything. One teacher leaned forward to take Trevor. "Don't you touch him!" She yelled. The teacher backed away. "Don't you get it? I want NONE of this. I didn't want to be a witch, I didn't want powers." "Enola-" "No. You know what? I'll always be an outsider. I don't fit in the muggle world and I killed my own best friend in." She chuckled. "I was silly to think I'd ever fit in. After all Enola spelled backwards is alone. And that's what I'll always be." She crouched down to where Trevor was. "Good bye, Trevor." Then she stood back up, fighting back tears. She turned away from everybody, dropping her wand. It clattered to the floor. Then she walked away, away from Hogwarts and away from this life, never to be heard from again. The End