the couch, and he liberated his sleeping bag from his pack with a wand flick and opened it on the rug. I conjured fairy lights, a reminder of warm, lazy summers. I summoned the pillow and blankets left from my bunk, granting a momentary thought to being here with Draco, of all people, and how it felt like a life ago I was here, wanting too many things that were beyond my grasp of them. I stood. Draco stepped to me, close, bowing his head to look in my eyes. Felix was telling him to be careful. He lifted up his hand to my hair. "May I?" I nodded. He gently drew a curl behind my ear with his finger, and he kept his finger there, drawing it slowly down my neck, over my pulse, the small knife scar, clavicle, the button on my shirt which he undid, one followed by the next. He leaned in closer and kissed where he had touched. He concentrated in his task, and I touched his hair, fine and soft. I combed my fingers through his nape, and he shivered when I kissed his neck, in a tender spot behind his ear. And we moved, back and forth like this, the newly owned familiarity with taste and scent, and the Felix , guiding us both down a path of firsts. He took my hand and lowered us to the floor. Parvati would gossip of a boy's hand on her breast, a hopeful, daring tug on a pair of knickers, but she missed so many of the firsts in the telling. Like this. He was propped on an elbow above me, his other arm planted by my shoulder, and I was surrounded. Felix peeled away the need for bravado, to be worried, to lose focus in awkward wonderings . "Have you done this before?" we'd ask in turns. " No. But please. Please." Felix with us meant that we always asked, and the answer was yes, and there was no hurry, no urgency, for we were both exactly where we wanted to be, a dance between drawing out a moment and pushing through want. And we both wanted. Listening to Felix, the excuses to ignore this were gone. We weren't stopping. Felix told Draco where to touch me and when, to watch my eyes widen in his first moment in me, to feel my mouth take in a breathy gasp of shock. And later, my eyes, closed in feeling, opened of their own accord to see him as I had wanted to, in his bliss of me. It wasn't Felix that made Draco look stunned as waves of our new reality crashed over us both. I wandered in his thoughts. He peppered me with small kisses of gratitude, the hopeful blessings of a boy who had just possessed something he'd no measure of. I whispered, "I would like to try this again without potion." "Can we try with potion again first?" he asked, the confidence all Felix , knowing how much we had drunk. I grinned. "Mm hmm. I don't know what it would be like without it, but I am very interested in setting a study. We will need data." This flirtiness, too. It was mine and not-mine. He knew this. "The more trials the better?" he asked, his mouth muffled, his lips already grazing my stomach. … I awoke warm. I first saw the ceiling of the tent and blinked in dread, thinking Harry, the last Horcrux, had not yet offered himself up for the sins of generations of wizards. Had Ron betrayed us yet? But I was warm . I never felt warm in the tent, with the cold creeping through layers of canvas and wool and flannel. I felt the not unpleasant soreness between my legs and Draco wrapped around me. I remembered last night, and thinking of it, still disarmed by sleep, made me know that the potion had not created my want. I wasn't done. It had been what I had wanted; I knew that we both could have fought off a love potion taken without consent. I turned gently to face him, and I could see that Draco let go quickly, as though he were already awake and afraid. That was one thing I wasn't anymore—afraid. I would fear-not for the both of us. "Hi," I said, my voice soft. I took his face in my palm, and I slid my thumb across his cheek that I knew now. He stilled as though afraid to break a whispered spell. My hand stayed. He breathed. "Morning," he exhaled a relieved smile, and he reached out for me again, putting one warm hand on my bare hip. I marveled at how normal that felt. My voice sounded thin and shy. "What's on your mind?" He started to shrug and then chuckled. "I forgot who was asking the question for a second. Did you ever tell Harry how good you are at Legilimency?" I blinked as he pulled a face. He was skeptical of my surprise that was real. He smiled, sadly. "I was worried you would wake up and wish we hadn't taken the potion." I nodded. I considered this. "Well, nothing bad has happened that makes me think we need luck. We used protection." I grinned. Draco huffed a laugh, and I put my hand on his chest, over his scar. "Did you like what we did last night, Draco?" I asked, quietly. Draco raised his eyebrows in surprise. His answer rumbled through my palm. "Yes. I did. I will like it again today, please and thank you." I giggled and pursed my lips to be serious. "Well, it was liquid luck. Just our luck. What we did with it was up to us." And I kissed him soberly, and it was exactly what I wanted to do, after months of plans that slid away from me, out of my control, this moment was enough, and it was mine.