boy's thoughts were in the same place as his own: a war that neither of them could stop from coming. "Mr. Weaslely," Harry interrupted, "I won't let anything happen to her." Arthur let the silence ring around them, sensing that there was more to be said. "Sometimes… most the time… my life is mucked up." Harry admitted in the silence of the shed. Meeting Arthur's gaze once more he continued, "The best parts of my life have come from your home and Hogwarts. She's the good where there seems like there's none… I'm not offering anything here. Most days I try not to think about everything that's happening. I know it can't and won't always be like that. But I promise I won't let anything happen to her. I care about her, and I'll only hurt her if it's to protect her." Harry felt equal parts and angry and helpless at admitting his thoughts out loud. He stared stonily over Arthur's shoulder, unwilling to revile more than he had. The absolute cold conviction in Harry's voice told Arthur that Harry absolutely meant what he said with the very core of his being. Studying the lad over the lens of his own spectacles, Arthur glimpsed the deep seated determination that lived in Harry Potter. It was rooted deeply in his love for those he cared about. He believed the man that sat before him. It was also clear Arthur that Harry had an exit strategy in place if things were ever to come to head. Anyone who under estimated Harry Potter was a damn fool. The ache in his heart deepened. The conversation had gotten so far from what Arthur had intended that Arthur was at a near lost for what to say to the young man. "No father could ask for more, Harry." The thin and balding redhead admitted somewhat haplessly. "I don't want to hear these kinds of promises, truthfully." Surprised, Harry's eyes snapped back to Arthur's. Arthur watched as the anger in Harry's green eyes shifted to hurt. "Do not misunderstand me, I want nothing more for my daughter, but, son, I wish you didn't have to make such promises. I wish our lives were just as simple as being able to explain bumble bees." Despite the tension, Harry was hard press to resist the smile that crept in upon hearing Arthur's mis-phrasing. "How do you know when it's right?" Harry asked suddenly- surprising even himself. Red faced, he shifted anxiously looking earnestly to the older man feeling more vulnerable than he was comfortable with. From one honesty to the next, Arthur felt winded. Still he smiled, this was the one question that each and every one of his boys had asked at one time or another, "Harry, when you are in love, even when you get it wrong- its right." Harry puzzled over this piece of advice, nodding absently to Arthur feeling somewhat like a bobble head. It was clear that he had just received sound words of wisdom, but just how that was applicable Harry wasn't quite sure. Arthur knew that Harry would understand one day. He hadn't recognized the value either when his own father had shared the very same words with him all those years ago, but he had never forgotten. "There are a lot of things in life worth worrying over, lad, but love, when it's good, is not one of them." Arthur felt that he could give Albus Dumbledore a run for his money at this point. A fount of wisdom he was. "So don't let this worry you. Not right now anyway. Enjoy love when it is to be had, Harry. The most important thing I can think to tell you is to trust each other, listen to what the other has to say, and to be smart, son." Smiling sincerely, Harry felt warmed in a way. "Thank you, for everything, Mr. Weasley." He said sincerely. Arthur beamed back in return, "Quite welcomed, Harry." "Was that all, Sir? I should probably wash and change before Easter dinner." Harry began to rise as he spoke. Mildly edger to disengage from the intense conversation and its many turns. He'd had enough of bees for one afternoon, thank you very much. He'd doubt that'd he'd tell Ron that his father tried to give him the sex talk… his face redden at the thought. In truth, Arthur had given Harry much to think about and it had little to do with doing it . "Just one more thing." Arthur answer standing up as well, walking Harry to shed door. Listening patiently, Harry waited. His mind already on seeing Ginny and what Mrs. Weasley would prepare for dinner. It was his first wizarding Easter outside of Hogwarts. Placing a comforting hand on Harry's shoulder, Arthur smile. "You're a good man, Harry. My and Molly's home will always be open to you. Never hesitate to come to us, but other the hand.." Mr. Weasley trailed off speaking seriously suddenly, "Snogging is all fine and good, but, Merlin, respect a man's table. That's sacred ground, lad." Patting the boy on the shoulder once for good measure, Arthur made his way for the kitchen where he could see his wife spying cheekily through the window. He smiled, knowing that a gob-smacked and red-faced Harry Potter was close behind him. Harry would do right by Ginny, Arthur knew that well, and, for the time being anyway, he knew his table would be safe too- if only temporarily. A/N: The very first part of this four-part tale all through the eyes of Arthur Weasley. The coming additions will see a post-battle Harry/Ginny and Weasley family, a life event, and a wedding. I sincerely hope you enjoyed and will continued to do so. This journey has been a very special one for me and I love sharing it here with all of you. All forms of conversation, criticism, and feedback are welcomed! Thank you for taking the time. Happy reading! Sincerely, Blue.