and sighed. "Time to be a healer again," he said, shooing them off. "You two probably don't want to be here when Mrs Weasley shows up." Hermione and Severus hurried out of the room in a swirl of black wool. A soft cooing sound alerted Draco and he patted his collar. He touched something soft and furry that squeaked at him. He cupped his hand around the miniature hitchhiker and eyed the baby spider with curiosity. The spiderling waved his legs at him and squeaked. "You realise I can't understand you like Hermione and Severus, yeah?" The spider rubbed herself against his fingers lovingly. "Oh, very well, just don't scare my patients, okay, Gemma?" The spider bounced a few times and scurried up to hide behind his collar and under his hair. Draco paused, suddenly suspicious. "Did Luna tell you to come with me today?" The spiderling burrowed into his collar and disappeared with a tiny squeak. "Witches," Draco muttered. "They're so bloody evil." "And then Molly comes in, and she starts screeching at Weaselbee so high and loud that people were worried the windows would start cracking. I remember her howlers vividly, yeah?" Draco laughed as he passed the salad around. "Poor Arthur," Hermione sighed. "After all that bad press regarding Ron, now he has to put him through school eight years after he thought it was all done and over with." "I still haven't decided if I'm letting him back to Hogwarts," Minerva said, her nose wrinkling. "Why, Grandma?" Livvie asked, doling out food in little dishes for the spiderlings and a litter of smug-looking part-Kneazles. "He's a positive menace," Severus said repressively. "He's a hormonal teenage boy," Hermione said. "As I said, a menace," Severus repeated. Minerva shook her head. "Oh, I think it's the perfect punishment for him," Luna said rather dreamily. "He doesn't realise that Hogwarts doesn't have the house rivalry like it used to. He's going to have quite a few new lessons to learn." "Meanwhile, we still have to keep him in line," Severus said with a sniff. Hermione just shrugged. "At least now I can take points off him if he tries to cause any problems." Luna smiled knowingly. "Just have everyone you want to protect from him make friends with a spiderling." The spiderlings all perked, and the adult spiders rubbed their fangs with their legs thoughtfully. " We like friends!" " We love friends!" " We also love having our fur scrit— ahhh, that's the best." The spiderling cuddled up against Luna's fingers. Minerva chuckled. "You may be onto something, Luna." There was a knock at the door, and Hermione called out, "Come on in!" The door expanded magically as Bluebell trotted in, decorated in her namesake flowers, bringing a few of the herd-foals with her. "Sorry, I'm late!" she apologised. "I had foal-watch because Elderberry hurt her leg crossing the river." "Please, please," Hermione said, rushing up to take the baskets from her. "The more the merrier." "We'd never miss spaghetti night with Thistle and Hemlock!" the foals chimed together. Severus snorted, pinching his nose. Luna placed more plates out on the counter that was just the right size for standing and eating. "Oh, I made you some fly spray," Hermione said. "Well, we did together. Severus added some herbs so it wouldn't mess with your noses like that last batch." "Bless you both," the young centauress said fervently. "This time of year, they are all out for blood, and the stallions do not like smelling like flowers." "I like flowers," the first foal said. "Me too!" the other answered. Bluebell winked at the adults. "Well, since we are all together. Why don't the young ones lead us in giving thanks before we eat, hrm?" Minerva suggested. "Excellent idea," Bluebell agreed. Everyone bowed their heads respectfully. Stars align And Magick bless. We have good food Without the stress. Blessed be our family And those we call friend. Blessed be those Who could not attend. Our thanks to the Earth For giving us life. We thank you for peace And an end to strife. The all looked up together with smiles just as the door opened and Mr and Mrs Granger nudged their way in carrying trays of assorted desserts. "Sorry we're late!" Hollie Granger said. "Your father picked up the wrong rock." "I did not! " Paul Granger huffed. "Yay! Parents are here!" the spiderlings cheered, lifting their forelegs in celebration. Hermione grasped Severus' hands as she pressed a tender kiss to his lips. "And thank you for this moment, frozen in time. I shall remember it all started with a massive explosion of slime." Severus' eyes rolled, but a rare smile spread across his face. "I am thankful that on that day, we did not go up in a blaze of botched potion-fueled glory along with the entire classroom." Hermione grinned with pure mischief in her eyes. "Tut-tut. Who would be here to keep you in line, my husband?" "Albus?" Hermione frowned. "I am truly thankful for you , my wife," he said, pressing a gentle kiss to her forehead. "Always." Hermione's smile blazed like the rising sun, and all was well in the world. (Except for the unfortunate Pansy Parkinson, who was still married to Crabbe and Goyle) Fin. A clutter of multi-coloured spiders rush by carrying a sack of Bertie Bott's beans, a quart of Fortesque's chocolate ice cream, a smoked salmon, and a basket of fresh-baked pasties. " Hurry!" " Yes, hurry!" " Hurry, or she'll be cranky!" " No one likes a cranky Hermione!" " Nope!" " She should lay eggs like a spider instead!" " That would be weird." " Not as weird as having less than eight legs and only two eyes!" " True, that is pretty weird." " Who started the betting pool?" " Luna always wins. No one wants to bet anymore." " Oh well! Don't forget the bubble tea!" The curtains close slowly, guided by multi-legged help. " Nini!"