a genuine smile. The goblin bared his teeth in a very goblin smile. "At your service, my Lady." "To the future," Severus said, placing his hand over his mate's. He leaned in and tenderly pressed his lips to hers. Two bat-like ears popped up out of Hermione's curly mane as she purred loudly. "They are going to have a full litter at this rate," Draco muttered under his breath. "I heard that, Malfoy," Hermione said. Time passes… "No hoofprints in the kitchen young lady!" The cherub faced child with elaborate viney dreads and tiny cloven feet sighed at her grandfather. "Yes, grandfather." "So, Luna," Hermione said as she watched Xenophilius chase his grandchild and her own children around the garden with something that resembled a plush cactus— with tentacles. "Care to tell me how little Pandora Alice Longbottom ended up sporting some pretty cute cloven hooves as well as tentacles?" Luna shrugged. "Daddy says there was a time when part of our family lived in Greece and was quite partial to fertility magic." "Uh— huh," Hermione said, shrugging, perhaps realising that as a monstrous she-beast with a family of spunky beastlets that she didn't really have anything to protest over. "Well, at least you know your magical family roots." Luna grinned, chopping vegetables and throwing them into the stewpot as the nearby Venomous Tentacula stirred it dutifully. "You guys are amazing," Hermione said, beaming. "Your Tentaculas are so well-behaved. Well, most of them are," she added dryly as she watched Pandora dump a pot of dirt over Xenophilius' head. "Neville thinks she takes after his mother," Luna said. "Apparently she was quite the spitfire as a child. Her accidental magic used to explode food." Hermione blinked. "Neville never said anything about that!" "Apparently he didn't even know until Augusta had a little too much to drink one night and blurted out the more embarrassing facts about Frank and Alice." Hermione laughed. "That's kind of— amazing." Luna grinned. "It was the night she found out that Neville had certain… fun accessories. She couldn't quite accept it without consuming copious amounts of alcohol. I have no idea why it bothered her so much. I personally find them to be quite stimulating." Hermione coughed into her hand-talons. "I see. Well, I'm glad you both are getting on well, despite all the family drama." "Daddy accepts everything, and he treats Neville like a son. Neville isn't sure why that means he has to wear the orange cone on his head during the holidays, but he's getting better at it." Hermione blinked. "I'm sure he thinks it's worth it." There was a soft crack of an Apparate as a black shadow stepped out into the garden. "Daddy!" two voices chimed as a pair of beastlets pounced on their father followed shortly by a fauntacula child. "Uncle!" she squealed. "Well, hello," Severus rumbled, folding his great wings behind his back as they disappeared. He swirled the giggling beastlets and fauntacula around, kissing them each on the head and ruffling their headfur or tentacles as the case required. "Minerva wished me to fetch everyone for dinner," he rumbled. "Did you tie up Xenophilius or dig him into a tiger pit?" "No, daddy," the beastlets pouted. "Not you," Severus said. " Her ." Pandora's hair writhed mischievously. "Not today." "Miracles do happen," Severus sighed, patting her on the head. "I'm sure Mr Potter's children are hoping you can do them the same courtesy." The beastlets crossed their arms, their twin scowls remarkably like their father's. "James Sirius deserved it after trying to prune Pan's hair. Uncle Harry tanned his rump but good for that." "Good to know that your uncle is turning out to be a far better man than his father," Severus mused. "Lucian, Minerva, have you been behaving here with the Longbottoms?" The beastlets bounced on their legs. "Yes, father." He smiled slightly, a small tug against the corners of his mouth. "I must fetch your mother so we're not late to dinner and Crookshanks doesn't eat all of our food." Lucian and Minerva jumped. "Come on, Pan, let's grab our go-bags!" They dragged the fauntacula girl by the arm and dragged her off. "No running in the kitchen!" Xenophilius' voice chimed in as the kids screeched to an exaggerated walk. Hermione's arms snaked around Severus' waist as she pressed into him, snuggling into him. "Hello, my love." Severus purred. "Hello, my mate." Hermione smiled warmly at him. "Time to go home?" "Anywhere you are is home," Severus said, his voice a whisper. Hermione stepped on her tiptoes to plant a kiss on his mouth and then the tip of his nose. "Charmer." "Beast." " My beast," she replied, stroking his cheek with her thumb. Severus smiled, a real, genuine smile spreading across his face. "Always." Fin. Spider brigade shuffles onto the screen carrying party food. " Hurry, hurry, don't be late!" " We're never late!" " Fashionably late!" " Shh! That's not late, that's on time!" " Two stories in a week! Amazing!" " Needs more spiders though." " Maybe the next story!" " Wait, what's the next story?" " Um… maybe she'll finish one of the other stories?" " But which one?" " ..." " ..." " Let's be in all of them!" " Okay!" Spiders scurry off the screen, drawing the curtain closed. One spider in particular almost falls off the screen, a shiny bucket stuck over his head. " This way, Bucket!" Bucket scurries back in the right direction and ducks under the curtain. Finis. A/N : Praise The Dragon and the Rose for being the awesome poker of me, righter of grammar wrongs, translator of my horrible typing, questioner of my brain spasms, and sharer or my brain cage (which is strangely comfortable, has a tea service and great biccies.) She also withholds my coffee and keeps me sober, regardless of how much my brain thinks it wants either. Send her Godiva chocolates in thanks. Dutchgirl01: Hope you liked the story!