me up?" He loved tormenting her. "Probably Draco and, you know what?" his bossy witch retorted, "you'll let me do it as well, because you loved what happened tonight just as much as I did." she stated. He could sense the tone in her voice; if he didn't do something soon, she'd flip him over and ride him until morning. Well that wasn't happening, not now he was back in control. He pulled out, agonizingly slowly, before thrusting as hard as possible into her, shaking the bed, and making her erupt a string of profanities. He rammed in and out of her, feeling her walls vibrate around him. "Oh fucking...fuck, Pet! So tight...so tight and wet," he gasped, pounding into her with everything he had. If she hadn't been gripping the headboard she'd probably have concussion by now. "Dr...Dra...Draco" she stammered . "I'm...oh fuck…I'm coming...I'm coming all over Draco Malfoy's fucking cock," she screamed, as loud as she could. Her walls suctioned his cock as the orgasm rode through her. Her vision blurred as dizziness briefly distracted her. Her screams were his undoing and, with one final thrust, his seed exploded within her as her name burst forth from his lips. He kept his hands firmly on her hips as his body jerked involuntarily. Slowly, he relaxed and pulled his cock out from her soaking pussy. They collapsed down onto the bed, a mess of sweat and limbs as they both fought for air. After a few minutes, they rolled onto their sides to face each other, their aching bodies protesting. "That was amazing, my love," Draco exclaimed, overwhelmed by the incredible experience he had, once again, shared with his witch. She smiled at him, reaching out to push his hair off his head. "Don't you have something to discuss with me?" he enquired, suddenly remembering she had mentioned she wanted to have a chat as they walked towards his bedroom earlier. "Eh...yes," she replied, suddenly nervous and averting her eyes from him. He didn't like that. She only ever got that look when it was something big she had to tell him. His mood changed instantly, that look meant it was something serious. He sat up, indicating for her to join him, and Accio'd two t-shirts. He guessed she'd prefer to be dressed before continuing, even if it was in his old Madam Puddifoot's 'Espresso Patronum' t-shirt and nothing else. "Thanks," she muttered, her eyes downcast as she began to pick at a loose thread on the t-shirt. "My love," his voice softened. "Whatever it is, we'll deal with it together." He placed his index finger under her chin, raising her face so she was looking directly at him. "Tell me," he encouraged. She took a deep breath. Well..." she started, maintaining eye contact with him. "The thing… the… the…the thing… that it is..." Damn it! She couldn't get the words out. Why was it so difficult? It was what he wanted...wasn't it? Panic engulfed her briefly before she closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. Her eyes flashed open and met his - those stormy-grey eyes she loved so fucking much . She blurted out - "I'm pregnant." He froze. Had he heard her right? Pregnant? She'd only stopped taking that muggle pill six weeks ago so...what the fuck? She said it might take months to get pregnant. She said so. He'd listened! Draco gazed at his witch, his beautiful witch, still pulling on that loose thread. She glanced cautiously at him and immediately he was filled with pride, adoration, and so much love for the woman in front of him. He grabbed both her hands, drawing them to his lips. His face suddenly illuminated with a variety of emotions and, grinning like a Cheshire cat, he temporarily lost the power of speech. All he managed was "pregnant" and something like "my baby". She nodded, giggling. "Of course it's your baby, you daft idiot!" she exclaimed, rolling her eyes at him. "I'm so busy shagging you all the time, I'm too worn out for all my other lovers." "Not funny, Pet," he growled, pulling her into his arms and kissing her tenderly. "I can't believe you're pregnant already. I thought we'd have a bit more time to practice, to be honest." He winked devilishly. "But I'm so bloody happy!" he shouted, kissing her again with every ounce of passion he could conjure in that moment. When they broke apart, she immediately noticed that telltale smirk that heralded a devious plan. "What are you thinking, Draco?" she asked, hesitantly. He smiled down at the witch in his arms; his Aphrodite, his goddess, carrying his child. "Oh, I'm just picturing Potter's and Weasel's faces when I inform them that Draco-Super-Sperm-Malfoy has impregnated their beloved Gryffindor Princess, having only married her a mere six months ago." He puffed out his chest and preened himself, in the style of those hideous albino peacocks that strutted around the Manor. "I might invite Theo along, it's been ages since we've had a good laugh," he snickered to himself. "Play nice Draco," Hermione warned. "I'm not one of their biggest fans either, considering their reaction to our engagement. But I don't want them mad at me forever." She cringed, vividly recalling that afternoon's trials and tribulations. "I'll be good," Draco assured her. Hermione sighed, knowing he'd be far from good. "Let's just forgot about those two for now and get back to what we were doing, yeah?" she looked at him, a sly look in her eyes. Her hand reached out to him, fingers tugging on the bottom of his t-shirt as she glanced up at him, her eyes hooded. Draco lunged, rolling them over so Hermione was pinned under him. He gazed lovingly into her eyes. Stroking her cheek, he whispered, "I love you so much, Hermione Malfoy. Thank Hera we fell in love with each other." "Hermione glowed beneath her husband, the father of her child. "And we love you, Draco, so much". Fin