"Aren't you training with the Ministry now?" "Well, you know, I am the Chosen One-" " Were, " Hermione corrected. Harry ignored her and continued. "I got the day off." He adjusted his deep blue jacket, clearly mocking Draco's superiority complex. Draco sneered, though it seemed almost playful. "Couldn't miss saying goodbye 'n all." "I can't believe I'm saying this, but where's Weasel-Bee?" Draco asked, searching avidly for the high-road in this banter. "Aren't you and he joined in matrimony by your boring personalities?" Harry seemed to shrug off the insult. In fact, he did more than shrug it off. He built on it. "Actually, he decided he wanted to feel like the man of the relationship today," Potter said, causing Draco's grin to grow almost callously. "Said something about me being a delicate flower. Anyway, he's putting Hermione's luggage on the train." "Speaking of which, he really should be back by now." Hermione said, a sliver of concern creeping into her tone. "Don't get all mother hen about it, Granger," Draco encouraged. Hermione had not even realized that his arm snuck around her shoulders until she saw his hand dangling nonchalantly in the corner of her eye. "Well, to be fair, he's gotten lost before." Harry cut in with his usual dry humor. Draco snorted. Harry smirked when he realized he'd won this round. Hermione glared between the two. "Sorry we're late!" Red, long hair bounced beside raven as the two girls - Ginny Weasley and Padma Patil - joined them. "We got caught up in the station, it's a racket out there." There was a brief exchange of kisses as Ginny looped her arms around Harry's neck. By the time they parted, she was flushed red and breathless. "Speaking of gagging," Draco drawled, letting the statement linger. Hermione nudged him in the ribs and once more, he hated her violent streak. "Where's Ron?" Padma asked, glancing around the crowd with pretty, glittering eyes. "He's putting Hermione's luggage on the train. Speaking of which, Ginny..." Harry turned to his redheaded lover, grinning. "I should probably take you to find him. You need to get set up as well." "Oh! Right, well, we better hurry. Come on!" She grabbed his hand and the two sped off. The goodbye had been sweet. Harry and Ron hugged her with all their might, and Padma had even given her a sweet kiss on the cheek for good luck before shrinking back into Ron's loving hold once more. The first-years clamored around them and Hermione watched Harry pull Draco to the side to speak with him about something that - he had assured her - was entirely for her benefit. Because of the sobbing parents and screaming first-years, Hermione could not hear the exchange. Instead, she just witnessed a serious expression on Harry's face, which was quickly mirrored by Draco. They both nodded in a wordless agreement and shook hands like formidable young men. Draco seemed a little hesitant at first, but once he came around, the two exchanged another nod. Hermione felt satisfaction seep into her veins, even though Ron undoubtedly felt uncomfortable and overprotective. She could tell by the awkward shift in his stance and the fiddling his fingers did inside of his pocket. The Hogwarts Express sang its final boarding call into the air happily. Hermione gave one last goodbye to Harry and Ron before accompanying Draco and Ginny onto the train. Granger and the Weasley girl waved enthusiastically at Potter, Patil, and Weasel-Bee, while Draco had nonchalantly flipped them off in the bottom left corner, still tucked stubbornly into his seat, grinning triumphantly. Oh yes. He'd won that round. A/N : So. This fic is starting out a little... different . I can't recall seeing a fic that sort of begins at the end , so to speak. Not to worry, though. I have plenty of plans for this story. Plans that involve Dramione, along with quite a few other pairings. Should the reviews be encouraging enough, I might very well write out a "prologue" story, just to build up the connections of the characters. One of the reasons I have not written the "prologue" story first is because I'm already writing a fic (Better Tomorrow) that depicts the pre-couple tension between Hermione and Draco. I would like to avoid a repeat for a little while. All I know is that this is where the muse is taking me, and I have to heed its call, otherwise, it could drive me quite mad. I also thought I would put out a disclaimer here. The fanfiction writer Annavas is a good friend of mine, and has given me expressed permission to use her original character, Furia Hallowbrook , in my story. I will be writing Furia with her assistance. Thank you, Annavas, for being so gracious. In addition, Annavas will soon be putting out the first chapter of her very own fanfiction. I have given her permission to use my original character, Zen Bello , as well. Now that the air has been cleared on both accounts, there will be no confusion. We are collaborating writers and nothing has been stolen from either of us... unless you count our hearts. Heyoooo! Anyway, I hope you all enjoy. On with the show! - coddiwomple Role Call (The following characters are best viewed as...) Zen Bello - Zendaya Coleman; best personality depiction seen in KC Undercover . Furia Hallowbrook - Kaya Scodelario; reference to Tumblr or fansites. Theodore Nott - Dylan O'Brien; best personality depiction seen in Teen Wolf . Evelyn Perkins - Ginnifer Goodwin; best personality depiction seen in Once Upon A Time . Andromeda Black - Eva Green; best personality and appearance depicted in Penny Dreadful. Ted Tonks - Josh Hartnett; best personality and appearance depicted in Penny Dreadful . Narcissa Malfoy - Julie Benz; reference to Tumblr or fansites . Please keep in mind that these characters will be introduced throughout the story, and not all at once. Thank you.