on the door. "Um, hello? Did you need—" " WHO THE FUCK LET YOU IN HERE?! " Hermione's eyes widened under her headdress. "The door was actually wide open, but I knocked." "Oh, you knocked, did you? Come to visit old Socrates and try to get him to behave himself? Do a little trick? Maybe translate some old serpent text? Well, FUCK YOU ! " A huge tail whipped out of the darkness and sent Hermione flying into the habitat, slamming into a mass of vines and sliding down them with a thump. "Ow." "That wasn't nice." "Not nice at all. " "You okay?" "Are you all right?" Hermione's headdress had been knocked free, exposing her entire head, and she rubbed her scalp and some of her serpents with a wince. The cobra heads rubbed up against her cheek, flicking their tongues out to caress her skin. Hermione touched them tenderly. "I'm okay, thanks. You all okay?" One snake rattled his head, tiny stars circling. Hermione pulled it closer as she'd seen Eleanor do, pressing her lips to his snout. The snake manifested a tiny red heart over its head. "I think he hit his head too hard," one of the other serpents said with concern. Hermione stroked the black mamba snake, frowning as it wobbled, its tongue sticking out limply. Her shoulders straightened as her magic flowed to her command. The magic rippled down to the wounded snake, and its body mended. The other snakes nuzzled it until it hissed and rocked back and forth, seemingly ready to strike. Hermione stood, cracking her neck as her lips pursed in her anger. Her fists clenched, bolts of magic crackling between her fingers. Her serpent hair rose, every snake with fangs bared, mouths open wide to strike. Hissssssssss. Her eyes filled with black as if oil was moving across the whites of her eyes. She stormed into the middle of the habitat, magic crackling around her with sharp pops and hisses. Images of taunting kids swirled around her. " You see her?" " Know-it-all bint." " Look at her wave that hand like she knows." " Bet it's all in that book!" " She's a nightmare, no wonder she hasn't any friends." " Who would want to be friends with that!" " Why wasn't she sorted into Ravenclaw with all the other know-it-alls?" " Her hair! Doesn't she know how to brush?" The insides of her eyes began to glow, and the eyes of her serpents glowed with them. "You. Will. Apologise." Hermione's voice seemed to come from many voices, echoed in the hisses of her serpents, even as the fangs of the giant basilisk came roaring down from above to devour her whole. The basilisk froze in place, the bright red feather on his head rising in wonder. He flattened his head on the ground before her, eyes turned up in devout worship. "Please forgive me, Mistress," the basilisk hissed, prostrating himself against the ground of the habitat. "I am but your humble servant." The writhing serpents calmed as the dangerous, wrathful glow of Hermione's eyes faded into a somewhat less intense gold. "I could really use a cuppa." The basilisk abased himself on top of her dragonhide boots. "I know where the tea is." Hermione's hand gently touched the top of the great basilisk's head as a warm rush of magic sealed them together. "Mason, have you seen my apprentice?" "You have an apprentice?" Snape glowered at the man who was polishing crystals at a long table. "The one you're shining crystals for?" "Oh! Uh—" Mason looked around. "She was right there. The magazine is gone, maybe she went to find a more comfortable chair? Socrates was being a pill for Piers. She might have left to, uh—shut out the screaming." Severus paled. "Why didn't you tell me they were trying to bring down Socrates today?" "Well, it hardly matters what day—" "Come on, let's go," Eleanor said. "I can help with Socrates if he gets wind of her! Coming Amelia?" "Bringing up the rear," the witch said rushing behind them. "Just putting on my anti-petrification goggles." She pulled something out of her robes and sealed them across her face, so her eyes were protected. As they rushed down the hall, it was eerily quiet. They scanned the rooms and saw the open door. Sending out a spell to detect anything hidden, they shook their heads and ran down the hall, robes fluttering behind them only to screech to a halt as they heard someone reading aloud. "The Muggle automobile is a curious thing. They use them to get from place to place very fast, but usually end up going very slow instead. Since they do not Apparate and cannot use a proper Floo, nor do they use a broom for anything but cleaning, it's amazing Muggles can get anywhere— are you sure you want me to read this to you, Socrates? It's really boring." Low hissing replied to her. "Really? That wasn't very nice of Piers. Have I met him?" More hissing. "Oh, him. Well, I wouldn't take it personally. He seemed to have a lot on his plate." "Do you normally have flying teaballs here?" Hermione's voice asked. "Oh! Thanks! Oh, my favourite tea too. How did you know?" Severus, Amelia, and Eleanor burst into the break room which was filled almost to capacity with the bulk of a giant basilisk holding a teapot and a bright pink tea cosy in his mouth. Hermione was sitting in the middle of his coils with a copy of What is a Car, Anyway? open in her lap. All of Hermione's head snakes whipped around to stare at the interlopers. Each one had a biscuit in their mouth. Amelia suddenly broke into a broad grin. "You're HIRED !" Severus facepalmed loudly as Eleanor grinned and slapped Severus on the back. A/N: Sorry, but the image of all of Hermione's head snakes guiltily having nicked biscuits cracked me the hell up.