months worth of travel." "Well I think I have just the thing for you" the old man replied enthusiastically, "the Super Awesome Patent-pending tent, also known as the SAP tent. It has three rooms, dragonhide lined fabric, and is charmed to set itself up as soon as you throw it into the ground. It has successfully passed all Ministry and ICW standards." "That's impressive." Harry's interest was piqued, "What else does it have?" "A lot more! All of the regular stuff obviously, to keep you going if you have to kip in the middle of nowhere. A rucksack for everything you want to keep handy without opening up the tent. It also has its own stove, a stocked icebox, fold 'em up beds and so on. It's the best thing for travel in the shop." "Wow," Harry said, quite a bit impressed, "Anything else you think I should carry around that you'd recommend to someone who was planning to travel around for a while? Money isn't an issue." The shopkeeper looked Harry up and down before he zeroed in on his glasses. "A few more things sir" he suggested, "A pair of in-eye lenses made by Septiceye Sam to keep your glasses from inconveniencing you . . . And if you buy the tent then I'll throw in a copy of The Magical Atlas for the Magical Wanderer as well." the old man looked at Harry's ragged clothes, "You'll be wanting some new magical clothing as well. Self-mending and weather proof and the likes." "That seems reasonable" Harry said, "Just give me the best of whatever you recommend." "No problems sir," The shopkeeper started putting several items on the table, "the Septiceye Sam glasses will adjust to any prescription, are weatherproof and even have a zoom feature. This Allspeak Potion is for learning languages. You have to just hear or read the language once to gain a full understanding of it. Each dose can help you learn up to a dozen languages, and you'll understand them even after the potion wears off. I'd suggest five vials, since each dose has effects lasting a month. A bit expensive, but I'd say definitely worth it. That should be it." "There is one more thing that I would like to get," Harry said nervously, "I was wondering if you had something that would allow me to . . . blend in better?" "Why would you want that?" the shopkeeper said suspiciously "Are you up to something shady? I want nothing to do with that sort of thing." Harry looked around to check that no one was watching, before he nervously lifted his bangs to show his scar. "Ah, I see . . . " the shopkeeper said in comprehension, "Never fear Mr. Potter. I've had something like that for a few years now. I wouldn't ever part with it normally, but I reckon it'd do good in your hands. Consider it an apology for believing all the nasty stuff the Prophet printed about you all throughout the last year." He pulled out a golden ring with a small ruby on top of it from his pocket and looked at it reverently. "This . . . this is a Confundus ring. The Confundus ring. Used to belong to Nicholas Flamel." Harry's eyebrows shot into his hairline. The shopkeeper continued, "I had to go through a lot of hoops to get it. It creates a small undetectable Confundus field around you, and people won't be able to tell your face apart from somebody next to you as long as you have this on. Its believed that this is how Flamel was able to move around in public without getting stampeded. It probably does a lot more stuff that I don't know. I reckon you need it more than I do." "Thank you so much," Harry gave a relieved smile, "You have no idea how much you helped me. Just one more thing. Is there any way I could convince you to keep my coming here a secret? I'd really rather not have people following me around when I'm travelling." "No worries Mr. Potter. It'll be our little secret" the shopkeeper said with a grin. Soon, Harry paid for his purchases and walked out of the store, a few Malfoy galleons poorer, and wandered down the alley, wondering where he should head to next, and what to do. He had just ditched the Dursleys, and robbed a pureblood family out in Gringotts, without even planning what he was going to do and where he was going to go! he thought to himself. The loud calls of a news paper hawker distracted him from his thoughts, "Today's headline on the Prophet! DEVILISH WITCHYS to move to FRANCE out of fear of You Know Who! Celestina Warbeck PREGNANT for the EIGHTEENTH TIME!" Harry's head snapped towards the hawker. Devilish Witchys! That was Dean's favourite porno magazine! Harry borrowed it all the time! They moved to France!? "One Prophet please" Harry quickly demanded, handing the hawker a few knuts. He quickly read through the article about the Witchys, before sighing with relief. Thankfully, they would still be continuing to supply in Britain. As he was about to fold up the Prophet and stuff it into a bin, a small advert caught his attention. It was nothing special, all boring looking, and was stuffed in the bottom corner of the page where no one would really see it. The first line of the advert read, Newt Scamander,master of the magical creatures, is looking to hire one young intern for a summer wide assignment of adventuring,exploration and learning! This will be a fun light-hearted travel story, with elements of Rorschach's Blot's and nonjon's writing styles. Hard goals, I know, but I love their work and I really wanted to write something in their veins. Every chapter after the second chapter will take place outside England. Rest assured, this chapter contains most of the cliche elements you'll see in this story. REVIEW!