prank by the twins. "Please find a room for Miss Hermione and give her some supper, Jingo. And after that you may go to bed, as I may be occupied for some time. Thank you." . . Left alone, Dumbledore looked down at the globe. The magical snow within it had settled and he realised that the house within was his house, this house. He stared at it in contemplation. The likelihood of it being a weapon seemed higher now that the girl calling herself Hermione Granger had left the room, but it did not respond to any diagnostics for dark magic. And so he picked it up. The globe began to glow that strange colour again, and when Dumbledore next opened his eyes he was sitting in the Heads' office at Hogwarts, although it filled with furniture and possessions recognisably his own and not Armando Dippet's. Across from him, at the desk, was an older version of himself. He would be Headmaster, as she had said. "Hello," he greeted himself politely. "Where are we?" "We are simply within your mind. I have not pulled myself across space and time. I have… left an imprint on the globe, rather like a portrait. It will not last long and will fade when you are returned to yourself, so we must be succinct. I remember how bemused I was by Miss Granger's presence so allow me to explain. She is important, and you must trust her implicitly. She may at times appear to be… tempted, but have faith in her. In my own memory of the time you are now living, I adopted Miss Granger as a cousin in order to cover for her, the daughter of Cerdic Dearborn, who kindly agreed to the lie and indeed became very fond of her himself. You will admit, she has the Dearborn hair… There is surprising power within Hermione Granger, although she is not, admittedly, as powerful as ourself. But she is undeniably brilliant and you must unlock her potential for greatness." "Why this girl?" "Simply because it has always been her. One of Time's great paradoxes. She came to me, sent by myself, and so I send her to you. She will go with you to Hogwarts, and you will tutor her as your personal apprentice. She will be the daughter we will never have. Enjoy her company, you need the companionship now more than you ever have before." "To not look into her mind, not to see the future – it is too great a temptation. I cannot do this." "If you give in, you will learn things you will not wish to learn now. It is better not to have that knowledge beforehand: to always be the one who knows is truly the greatest burden. Besides, her mind is so well protected that to force it open would do her great damage. Her mind has always been organised but the spell that sent her back has locked it tightly. Besides, she will become close to you in a shorter time than you can imagine, and you will find the thought of betraying her trust in that way abhorrent. In this year, of all years, allow her to warm your heart again. Love, despite everything indicating the contrary, really is the greatest power of all. The pain of what we had to do will fade because it was right. Take her to Hogwarts and she can be your eyes and ears in the student body… as well as a worthy recipient of your knowledge, a legacy to the Wizarding World to keep it safe even when we have moved on to the next great adventure. And, of course, she can aid you in this greatest and most secret of your discoveries: how to send her here." The older Dumbledore's broke off and then his eyes twinkled mischievously. "You may also need to er, alter some birthing records. She will need relations after all. There are certain people, one student in particular, who might be made curious by her background if she sprang out of nowhere. He will be curious about her anyway, due to the favour you show her over him. Allow him this interest but he cannot know the truth . Now, I have told you everything of import my dear self, so it is time to bid you good-bye and good luck." And then the room swirled into silvery grey mist and Albus found himself once more sitting by the fire, looking down at a now empty globe with much to ponder upon, and several favours to call in from old friends. If he was not mistaken, he had just hinted to himself that Tom Riddle was worth keeping an eye on. . . . Octarine is the colour of magic, as everyone knows. If you didn't know that, and therefore haven't read Terry Pratchett, you probably ought to. Caradoc Dearborn was a member of the first Order of the Phoenix. He "disappeared in the first war, presumably killed by Death Eaters". Cerdic (which is not a misspelling of Cedric) is an uncle I have kindly invented for him. The idea that Hermione can't change the past but that she has always done it comes from Rowling herself: when Hermione and Harry rescue Sirius, and Harry rescues himself from the Dementors he sees himself do it before he has done it. He does not, therefore, change time, but creates a paradox in which he has already done the action he carries out. This isn't going to be a story in which Hermione can redeem Tom with the great power of love and so change the future, and nor is it going to be a story in which they fall in love and when she leaves to go back to the future, as it were, he suddenly becomes a terrible person and kills lots of people in some sort of twisted venegeance. There's a twist, though. Don't assume anything. Love, A