The Irishman was too proud to show fear, but there had been a vulnerability in his eyes; thinking of it now, Neville tried to imagine what Seamus had been thinking about, what image kept flashing before his eyes, making him freeze with fear. Perhaps that was what he should write in his letter. Dear Seamus, I'm curious about what you were thinking about then. It's haunted me for the past fifteen years. Signed, Neville. Perhaps it would be better for him not to say anything, but to allow Seamus to say all he needed to. This way he would not have to draw out memories he had tried to keep suppressed. Memories of Amycus's nasally voice making another suggestion, slyly stated with a sadistic smirk on his face—"I think I've had enough practice with the Cruciatus Curse… Longbottom. Why don't you try?" He remembered his brain shouting, Say no, you fucking idiot—turn your wand on that bastard, or if you can't do that, on yourself! Your parents would want you to be loyal. But he remembered the image of himself lying next to his parents flashing in his brain and I don't like hospital food and then he remembered the feel of his wand, scalding his hand, creating a permanent imprint on his palm. He would never forget—fifteen years later, the memory made his palm burn and the shame rise again. Neville recalled, with growing shame, Seamus's expression, how it changed from smugness—"Neville would never do that, Carrow," he'd shouted. "The lad's got too much honor"—to disbelief at the sight of Neville with his wand in his hand, to fear and then to a coldness that Neville was now used to see under his expression whenever they might. But Seamus's screams… fifteen years later, they still kept him up at night. At first, Seamus had gritted his teeth to stop from making a sound— I'm not giving him that pleasure, Seamus had thought, Neville was sure, though he didn't know who the him was in this case: himself or Carrow. But after the first groan of pain, Seamus's control had snapped, the pain overwhelming him; now, fifteen years later, Neville heard each scream again in the middle of the night, felt it like a punch to his stomach. He remembered the feeling of separating from his body as he was pointing his wand at one of his best mates; then, it had felt like he wasn't even there, as if the entire thing was some sick film he was watching in Muggle Studies class. He felt separated from the scene, and that allowed him to swallow some of it, like maybe he could hide this memory in the back of his mind, under lock and key, to fade like an old photograph if weathered for long enough. But the screams. They kept him awake at night. And the self-disgust, a bitter taste on his tongue. He tasted it whenever he saw Seamus. Maybe that was what he should write. Dear Seamus, I'm disgusted with myself. Signed, Neville. Would that be a sufficient apology? A sufficient explanation? It was tempting. Neville didn't want to explain how even while he had been pointing his wand at Seamus, channeling all of his hatred at Amycus, at Snape, at the Death Eaters, at You-Know-Who, at Harry, at Bellatrix Lestrange, at Dumbledore, at his parents, at everything, he'd still felt that shameful relief. At least it isn't me. He thought this even as he saw the tears in Seamus's eyes. Seamus would hate to hear that; if he didn't already secretly despise Neville a little for what he did, he certainly would after that. Alice would be speechless if she heard this. Neville shivered, shifting uncomfortably in his seat, thinking of what her expression might be if he were to tell her this story. Somehow, her silence would be more painful than even the memories of Seamus's screams; in her silence, he would hear all the words that she wished to say but would never utter. Coward. Despicable. Weak. All the words he'd thought of himself, still heard whenever he looked at Seamus, even now, fifteen years later. Frank would be disbelieving. He would deny it completely; to him, his father was a perfect idol, incapable of erring. Neville imagined his young son questioning everything he knew of his father then; he imagined Frank looking at him with squinted eyes, his image of his father warping completely. Who's this man? Frank would think. This isn't my Papa. Neville set his quill down, staring at the letters on the page. Dear Seamus, I'm. He felt the guilt chewing at him now, fifteen years later, as he regarded the letter, trying to think of something profound to say that would convey his guilt and shame, that would earn Seamus's forgiveness, and that would put to a stop to the screams that kept him awake at night. But he could think of nothing that wouldn't reopen the wounds that had been hastily stitched closed fifteen years ago out of necessity and something that wouldn't make his guilt consume him—something that wouldn't make his children look at him as though they didn't know him at all. He wished he had the courage to say what needed to be said to heal these old wounds once and for all. But it seemed that this courage was finite, that at some point over the years, he'd lost that impressive courage that had led him to pick up Gryffindor's sword and kill Nagini. Perhaps it was right after that moment that he'd used up all of his courage, leaving him with nothing but stories of valor. So he picked up his quill and wrote neatly, Dear Seamus, I'm bringing Alice and Frank over tomorrow; they miss their uncles. Would that be okay with you and Dean? Signed, Neville. Sometimes saying nothing was best. A/N: Hello! Thanks very much for reading this; I appreciate it. Please let me know what you think :)