"Draco?" Harry called out as he entered the house, paper carrier bag still clutched in one hand and the string beginning to press uncomfortably into his skin from the weight of it. "I've got your coffee." He closed the door behind him and kicked off his grubby trainers, hoping the promise of caffeine would be enough to lure the Slytherin out of his room. He'd refused Hermione's lesson on how to make coffee with his fancy new equipment in order to leave the teaching to Malfoy; something he hoped would help slide the scale back towards middle ground between the two of them. If Malfoy could teach him a thing or two during his stay then maybe he wouldn't be so averse to allowing Harry to do the same in return. He hoped. "It's about time Potter." Harry looked up to see Malfoy striding down the stairs towards him, glower firmly in place. "I wasn't even gone an hour," Harry replied, bemused. He pulled the bag in towards his body when Malfoy reached for it. "Mind showing me how to use this stuff?" he asked congenially. Malfoy merely glared at him a moment, clearly waging some sort of internal struggle. "Fine," he finally said, jaw clenched as he held out his hand for the bag once more. Harry handed it over and followed the tall blond down the hallway into the kitchen. He leaned against the counter and watched as Malfoy grabbed a spare rag and wiped down the dusty counter before unpacking the carrier bag and methodically setting everything out on the cleaned surface. "Why don't you have a house-elf?" Malfoy demanded impertinently. "Don't need one," Harry replied with shrug. Malfoy levelled him with a pointed stare before continuing to remove the packaging from the Cafetiere. "Yes you do Potter; you're an absolute slob and somehow you have no idea how disgusting this place is. It isn't fit for human habitation. I cannot believe you use this place as a business , let alone your home, and allow it to be this revolting." Harry sunk his teeth into his bottom lip to keep from flinging back the defensive retort that was on the tip of his tongue. Malfoy glanced at him out of the corner of his eye as he opened the ground coffee. "Why don't you say whatever it is you're thinking Potter?" he goaded. Harry swallowed and counted to ten before replying. "How about you just show me how to make your pretentious coffee?" The Slytherin made no response as he filled the bottom tank of the Cafetiere with water then measured out the finely ground coffee. Harry had to count to ten again as Malfoy continued to work without giving Harry the benefit of any further instruction. "How much do you put in?" Harry finally asked stiffly. He balled his hands into fists when there was no answer forthcoming. He could feel the angry flush working its way up his neck as he stood there staring at the smug blond, willing him to just fucking cooperate for once in his life. "Oh for fuck's sake Malfoy!" he finally exploded, turning away from the counter and flinging his arms up in the air in a helpless gesture of defeat. "Is there a problem Potter?" Malfoy asked with a smirk, calmly placing the shiny Cafetiere onto the hob and igniting the gas beneath it. "I don't know if it's escaped your notice Malfoy," Harry retorted furiously, "but you have to spend the next six months in this house with me, so why the fuck would you make this more miserable than it has to be?" Malfoy leaned his hip against the counter and crossed his arms over his chest, expression darkening. "What did you expect would happen Potter?" he replied coldly. "That I would show you how to brew espresso and then we would become best friends over a cuppa? What kind of therapist expects miracles in less than twenty-four hours?" Harry's green eyes flashed dangerously. "One that holds your life in his hands." Steel grey eyes widened in outrage and he took a step towards Harry before suddenly turning and striding from the room. Harry let him go, collapsing back against the table as all the fight drained from his body. "I can't do this…" he muttered, shaking his head. Why did I ever think I could do this? Hermione was right; there is too much bad blood between us for this to work. Harry startled out of his gloomy thoughts when the Cafetiere began to rattle threateningly. He quickly lifted it from the hob and shut off the gas. He stood staring down at his distorted image in the shiny aluminium lid; inhaling the aroma of freshly brewed espresso and thinking hard. I'm not a quitter. I'm better than this, I'm not going to let school yard rivalries interfere with giving a man his freedom, no matter who it is. Just because he's a royal pain in the arse and an absolute prat does not make him a bad person unworthy of a life of his own after the war. Harry straightened his shoulders and grasped the Cafetiere in one hand before walking out of the kitchen and up the stairs to the third floor. He took a steadying breath before knocking swiftly on Malfoy's bedroom door. He was surprised when it opened after the first knock and the blond stared warily out at him through the crack in the door. "I'm sorry," Harry said in a rush, "I shouldn't have said that." Malfoy merely stared at him impassively for a moment before dropping his gaze to the steaming Cafetiere in Harry's hand. "You forgot your coffee," Harry stated needlessly. Malfoy sighed and dragged his gaze back up to meet Harry's. "It's not coffee yet Potter," he finally said, and then opened his door further. Harry smiled hesitantly and stepped aside, allowing Malfoy to lead the way back down to the kitchen to resume the lesson.