he had to, I don't doubt." "But that's the thing. I don't want to be Slughorn, doing things wrong because it's easier, selling people out to protect myself. I want to be better than that." He reached out and tucked a sprig of curly hair behind her ear. "You think my crappy upbringing warped me in someway." "No. You talked about being use to things that I'm not use to. You seemed to think that it didn't effect you, but that's not necessarily true, is it? But I wasn't trying to insinuate, unsuccessfully, I suppose, that your experiences have somehow made you a lesser person. I just… I did grow up pretty sheltered. Very, honestly… I guess I just need to accept that things, that I, will change." He watched her somber expression carefully. "It really bothered you that the twins killed those Death Eaters too, didn't it? Even though they just killed McGonagall." "I'm not that idealistic, you know, that I care about what happened to those people. I was more upset to think about what doing that did to Fred and George. I suppose I just want everyone to stay innocent. Not in the childlike way, but in the moral way." "It doesn't have to be so extreme, you know? We can adjust our morals to the reality of war, but not do away with them totally." Hermione grinned patting down a shock of hair that was sticking out from the side of his head. It sprung back up. "But that just sounds too reasonable. How will I have existential crisis all the time then?' "I don't mean to take away your fun." She smiled a full smile and scooted closer to him, patting his hair again. "How on earth do you manage this?" "Ha, kettle meet pot." Hermione flicked his nose. "At least mine doesn't have just random chunks poking out." He pulled her closer, wrapping his arms loosely around her shoulders. "No, instead the whole thing does." She poked him the stomach. "Whatever." There was a long silence, their breathing becoming deeper. Harry felt his eyes drifting back closed. "I will adjust, you know." Her voice was a mumbled whisper. He gave her a small squeeze. "I wish you didn't have too." He dreamt of going on a hike with her, climbing over large rocks and stumbling through low bushes, steep cliff faces always too near. He turned to reach out a hand to help her over a particularly large fallen tree trunk, but she wasn't there. Just air and low hanging, misting clouds. "So. Horcruxes. Hogwarts doesn't have a thing on them." "Nothing?" "Nope." "But it has manuals for potions that turn people inside out and other horrible things. Why get squeamish about horcruxes?" Neville sighed, his breath fogging the mirror for second. "Perhaps He doesn't want other people to steal his thunder?" Harry moved the mirror from the armchair to the opposite couch to see him better. "That's incredibly frustrating." Hermione took out a pen and a notebook. "Let's think about what we do know. Horcruxes are bits of soul." "I was one, but apparently on accident, or he wouldn't have semi killed himself." "Right, so that means he still has 5 others, plus himself." "You all mentioned that before, what did the Order say about the one that was destroyed?" "Dumbledore did it, apparently. When You-Know-Who came back so quickly after trying to off me, Dumbledore started to wonder if he had horcruxes. I'm not sure of all the details, but he realized that he hid it in the castle and found it after a lot of searching. Apparently it was Ravenclaw's Diadem, some knowledge crown thing. Dumbledore destroyed it with some obscure spell, I don't know. No one in the Order does. A couple of months later Hogwarts fell and Dumbledore was killed, but he told the Order about horcruxes and how there must be multiple ones, but he couldn't know how many." Harry sat back against the couch, trying to think of anything he may of missed. "That's not an overly detailed story." "The Order wasn't too open with us, I'm afraid. Plus, McGonagall was the only one who knew exactly what happened." They were silent, Harry staring at the ceiling, Hermione absently drawing circles as she thought intensely, the top of Neville's head visible as he stared down at his paper. " Ravenclaw's Diadem. Why? I thought he was so very proud of Slytherin?" Neville and Harry looked up at her, mouths a little open. "You're right. The Slytherins never just up about it, honestly." "He would never put bits of his soul in random things, would he? Too much ego. That Diadem was legendary, it was supposed to have been lost for centuries. So that means the rest of his soul bits would be in objects of equal caliber, no?" Neville looked from face to face, excited. "That's certainly a place to start, isn't it?" Hermione smiled, writing Important Wizarding Historical Artifacts at the top of a new sheet of paper and circling it. "I'll start looking in the library right away. I'm glad I didn't leave just for the library access, really." Neville waved and they waved back, the mirror black, then showing Harry's left knee. "We should probably look through the house for more books. It looks like there was a library once, they must have done something with the books, right? Honestly we should look through the whole house anyway." Hermione stood, putting the notebook down on the table, and heading for the door. Harry stared down at her circled words, frowning, his mind struggling, flashes of images coming forward; piles of gold, a cavernous room filled with junk, a bust with a crown, people screaming, flashes of light. His heart started to beat faster, a nauseous panic starting to rise. "Aren't you coming?" Hermione was peeking around the frame the door, eyebrows furrowed. "Y-yeah." Swallowing thickly, he snapped out of it and followed her upstairs.