pies— delicious fairy cakes in all kinds of tempting flavours, Victoria sponge and fresh strawberries, but damn it , it was all out of his reach! Ron whined in thwarted desire, but his eyes locked on the multiple eyes staring narrowly at him. His fur stood on end. Yoink! A pair of freckled hands scooped him up. "Well, hello there, little git brother," George said. "Enjoying your time off?" Fred said. "After what you did to mother, I'm surprised she didn't neuter you." "Wait— looks like she did neuter you!" Ron stared down at himself, gaped in horror at his missing bits and squirm-yipped. "Tell you what, little git-bro," Fred said. "Because we really care ," George said. "We're going to let you toddle off and spend the rest of your miserable life with that charming little lady," Fred continued. "Because after the humiliation you brought down upon our family— especially after Ginny found out that Harry didn't actually love her because you went and fed him ruddy Amortentia—" "Well, let's just say that Mummy isn't exactly tending the hearth and waiting for you to come home anymore." "So, for the good of everyone," George said. "We're going to just go pretend that we have no idea who you are." Ron yip-growled and bared his tiny teeth, sinking them into Fred's finger. Fred flinched and then very calmly set Ron down on the ground. "Goodbye, little git brother." The twins both sauntered off together, never looking back. Ron tore after them, yipping and barking, so intent on chasing after them that he didn't notice the floating cart of refreshments and slammed right into it, head first. Seeing stars, Ron rolled over, trying to spot his traitorous brothers only to catch sight of Professor Snape lifting a glass to everyone. Beside him was a glowing, joyous Hermione, her belly swollen with child. She looked up at Snape with a warm smile that did not belong on her face and should never be directed at the greasy Slytherin git. Not at him! Not at that git! "My friends, thank you all for coming to our baby shower. We truly appreciate all the gifts you made towards our little one's future, and we have made Poppy swear not to tell us if our unborn child is male or female, so we appreciate single every one of your great kindnesses," Severus said. "And your patience in not knowing either!" Hermione laughed. The clutter of helpful spiders cheered from the picnic tables, passing out even more glasses of punch, tea, pumpkin juice, lemonade and butterbeer. "I am glad all of you are here to celebrate with us— not just in our future child but that we are all here today. Friends and family." Hermione cast her gaze to her parents that were sitting next to Minerva and Rolanda. Her father gave her a smile and nod. "It seems that some of us have gained some new friends," Hermione chuckled, watching as Lavender's little niece was charmed by a bubblegum pink fluffball with rainbow spots. It offered her a chocolate biscuit, and she squealed happily, hugging the little creature close. "I'm so happy, and I hope that you are all happy too. I know a few years ago, we'd never have thought to see what we have today, and this is such a wonderful, glorious thing." "Please, enjoy the food and festivities. Share in the happiness that we have been gifted with," Severus said, looking down into his wife's warm brown eyes. A tug of a smile moved the corners of his mouth. Hermione tugged his head down and gave him a kiss in front of everyone. Severus raised his glass to everyone. "To the future we have made together." Hermione raised her glass of pumpkin juice. "May we all find that bright shininess in our lives and keep it close to our heart. Sometimes it is closer than we think." The sounds of clinking glasses and happy whispering spread throughout the crowd. Severus looked down into Hermione's eyes with a warm expression. "You don't have to be a Niffler to know a good thing when you see it," he said with a chuckle. "But it sure helps!" Hermione said cheekily as everyone laughed and cheered, all making merry together— no Dark Lords and no worries at long last. All except for Ronald Weasley, who was frantically running through the Dark Forest as fast as four tiny paws could carry him, dressed in a pink ballerina dress and a sun bonnet. " Come back!" cried a tiny, forlorn fluffball. " I just want a hug!" " Eeee!" it cried as two large hands picked it up. "And what are you, little one?" Firenze said as he stared at the little peach-coloured spider. " Hallo!" it greeted the blond centaur. " Will you be my friend?" "I suppose so," Firenze said. "Was that your friend?" " He wasn't very nice. He tried to drown me in peach tea." "Well then, I suppose you can come home with me then," Firenze said. " Yay!" the little creature cheered. It stopped and stared at him somewhat suspiciously. " You don't try to drown things in peach tea, do you?" Firenze laughed. "No, my little friend. We do not." " Okay!" the little fluffball promptly scurried up his arm and nestled into Firenze's mane. " Tally ho!" And they all lived happily ever after. (Well, except for Ron, who tumbled into the Acromantula den and fled screaming into the night, last seen heading towards the Scottish coast.) Fin. Spider whispering: We sneaked into another story! Well of course we did! We're great like that! Yup! Do you think we can do it again? Shh. Shh.. Don't let on! Okay— if you say so! (spiders quietly close the curtains) A/N: Um… Hee. I regret nothing. Extra kudos to The Dragon and the Rose for staying up past her bedtime to beta this story. (I may regret that!) Sorry! ((so many hearts!))