killed by his own killing curse? His mother had told him all about the unforgivable curses when he was a child. These were curses that could penetrate magical shields. There was no defence against them, aside from not being hit. His quick mind absorbed the fact that somehow, a baby had miraculously survived the killing curse. "Don't underestimate Voldemort, my boy," the headmaster said, catching Severus's scowl. There was a hard, iron edge to the headmaster's voice, and Severus looked up at him in surprise. "His physical body may be gone, but I don't believe him to be dead. Only waiting and biding his time." The implication sent a chill running down Severus's spine. So not only had the baby survived the killing curse, but in a way, Voldemort had as well. The headmaster had fallen silent, but his expression had softened. Severus was still in a state of emotional shock from all that he had learned. "Did - did I try and help Lily?" Severus asked, timorously. He wanted to think that married or not, he would have tried to protect Lily. But he wasn't certain - after all, there were times that he didn't stand up for his mother while his father was beating her. But if he had tried to help Lily, that was some small thing that he could hold on to, at least. An even deeper sadness flashed in the headmaster's eyes, and Severus felt a horrible sense of sickness suffusing through his gut. "You did in the end," Dumbledore replied, and his voice was both quiet and heavy. In the end? Had he been an indifferent bystander in the war? Or - No. It couldn't be. He wouldn't have been on the other side, opposing Lily, would he? He wasn't aware of it, but he was shaking his head, panicked denial stamped on his youthful face. Severus's eyes were wide but unseeing. The headmaster was silent, and eventually Severus looked up at him. His black eyes were an abyss of despair. "Tell me," Severus said, his words both a command and a plea. The depth of pain in the headmaster's eyes mirrored Severus's. "You had heard the seer as she made the prophecy about Harry. When you discovered that it was about Lily, you came to me and asked me to save her." Severus was horrified. Had he been such a coward? Had he really stood aside in the shadows, and done nothing until that moment? And it hadn't even helped. He hadn't been able to save Lily. And now she was dead. The hatred he felt for Voldemort turned towards himself. "No, Severus," Dumbledore said firmly, as if reading his thoughts. "You are not to blame for this. Voldemort is the true monster, and it was he who uttered the curse that took her life. You are not responsible for his actions." Severus's self-hatred subsided by a small degree, but he still felt terrible. He wished he could go back in time - that he had done more for her. "I - I need to be alone for a while," Severus stammered. The headmaster nodded, placing a sympathetic hand on Severus's shoulder before leaving him to himself. Severus walked, but he had no sense of where he was going. His steps took him back to his chambers in the dungeon. It occurred to him now that these were his rooms - or at least, the rooms of the adult Severus Snape. And the things in the room were his things. The artifacts of his old life. A life teaching children. A life with no family. Did he even have friends? He entered the chamber and sunk onto the leather sofa, his elbows on his knees, and his hands clutching his greasy hair. The sense of loss he felt was indescribable. It hadn't just been Lily that he lost. It was himself. He hadn't even asked Dumbledore about his parents. A creeping suspicion entered his mind - why hadn't he been sent to his parents? The fact that he had been kept here at Hogwarts, instead of sent to Spinner's End - puzzle pieces began to fall into place. He felt a cold certainty at that moment. His parents were dead. He was at Hogwarts because there was no home to return to. There was truly nobody. His agile mind began to consider other things that he had not asked the headmaster in his moment of shock. Anything was better than thinking about how Lily was gone. Gone forever. Gone beyond his reach. He considered how he had been an adult before drinking a potion - where, then was his wand? Severus also thought that he had detected affection in the headmaster's eyes as he looked at him. Had they been friends? Is that why Severus had chosen to become a teacher? Severus frowned. He couldn't imagine choosing such an awful career based on just friendship. And what had become of Lily's son? What had Dumbledore said his name was? Harry Potter. What of him? Was he staying with relatives? On Lily's side, there were the Evans and Petunia. He couldn't imagine Petunia taking in the child. The notion of that sour girl raising a child made his skin crawl. But at least the Evans were loving and kind people. Severus couldn't bear to remain trapped with his own spiraling thoughts. Instead, he made his way to the library. It was 1991. He had twenty years of history to catch up on. A/N: Please Review and let me know what you think so far! Constructive criticism also welcome. I don't think Severus actually went to a muggle primary school. From reading the canon, it sounded like he might have been home-schooled. But I thought it'd be an interesting touch to his history (that would also kind of mirror Harry's experiences) I'm Canadian so please, please correct me if anything in my language sounds 'off' - I know how jarring something like that can be