herself that she really liked him. Suddenly, all her thoughts were on Harry which is something that bothered her even more. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Three weeks since the first challenge had passed rather quickly. After her talk with Cedric though rumours have been going around the school that they were dating. Cedric had even felt the need to apologise to her one afternoon. Unfortunately, since they were seen together again, things just got even worse. Luckily this kind of gossip didn't really bother her much at all. She also hadn't seen Harry Potter either in the last few weeks, he seemed rather distracted whenever she saw him. In fact, all she ever heard about nowadays were Viktor Krum this and Victor Krum that. In fact, one such day when Milly was going on and on about the bloke during charms class. Suddenly, Milly got interrupted by one Mr Harry Potter himself. "Hi, Alice." he gave her that smirk that only he could give, however, this time she felt a bit more emotions fill up in her chest than the usual discomfort that he caused her. "You must be, Milly," he shook her Milly's hand and Alice saw her best friends face turn completely red. "Harry, how can we help you?" was all that Alice could get out. She really wanted to laugh at her friend who was now looking like an embarrassed kitten. However, she was still angry at Harry for causing her friend discomfort. "I was hoping that you could help me out after dinner in the library. I know you are super talented when it comes to transfiguration and I really need to improve my grade." "Why can't Hermoine help you? Isn't she like the top achiever," was all that Alice could come up with, though a part of her wanted to just say yes to him. "What is wrong with you?" she thought. She felt really excited that he was talking to her, though she felt really embarrassed. "Alice will help you, don't worry Harry." Milly suddenly exclaimed. And before Alice could argue he and Milly had settled it. After class Alice walked over to the Hufflepuff common room with Milly very much in her own thoughts. She decided she must confront Milly about this when they reached their room. She was very distraught, especially since Milly didn't even give her a chance to refuse. Finally, on their beds, Alice asked. "Why did you do that, Milly? Didn't you like him only a month ago, now I have to spend time with him." "Well, isn't it obvious, Alice." "No, it isn't. Why would I help him with Transfiguration class? I have no reason to be around him at all." Milly got up from her bed and sat down next to Alice, "he obviously likes you, Ali, why else would he ask you specifically." Alice frowned and stayed silent. "Don't worry so much, okay. I like you know have moved on. Besides I have always wondered about this, though I didn't want to admit it before. He must like you, it makes so much sense. You two always fought so much. Do you like him?" Alice sighed before speaking, "I don't know if I like him or not, though. That's not really my distress. I'm worried about myself, that's all. I'm quite selfish, you know that." "That's quite true," Milly teased and they both burst out laughing until probably their throats hurt. "Alice, I've always known you were like that. However, that is also why I think you should go even if nothing happens and you two only become friends. You will never really know if you like him or if you could like him unless you try." Both girls hugged. For the first time ever, Alice felt like she truly had a best friend. So many years she thought that she could hide her true self from her friend. And she thought she had succeeded. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx After dinner that evening Alice found Harry waiting for her at the entrance of the great hall. As she approached him, she saw he looked slightly nervous. "Are you ready then," she asked as she got closer to him. When he saw her he smiled and took her hand, "yes, of course. Let's go." As he was leading her down the hall to the castle doors for the first time Alice realised that Harry was considerably taller than herself. His broad shoulders were one of his finest qualities and when he was looking back at her those bright green eyes it felt like he was looking right through her entire being. As they walked she started noticing the students they passed all looked at them with stunned expressions. "Harry," she whispered. He came to a halt in the middle of a courtyard near the main entrance of the castle and turned all the way to face her. This time his eyes were different like she had never seen them before. So many emotions were running through them like he couldn't make up his mind about something. "Are you alright, Harry, you look distraught," she asked genuinely concerned. She could see him thinking, trying to find the right words. "I like you, Alice." this was all he said. Alice was stunned. Standing in the courtyard she felt like everybody in the world was staring at her waiting for her reply. Again it felt like seconds, minutes, days or years had passed. Still, she had no words. She wanted to get away from him, away from his bright eyes. She was about to run away when she felt Harry's warm lips on hers and she knew there was no running now. Author's note: Thank you for reading this chapter. Please feel free to give me advice on my writing. English is my second language and I'm writing on this site to improve on this. This won't be an extremely long story only a few chapters. I'm a student and get very little time for writing.