she observed that there were no displays of affection between the two. As for Draco, he was glaring at Pansy. The moment he saw Harry and the others he went over and assumedly taunted Neville or Harry. Hermione's attention returned to Zabini and Pansy. "So she is a half-blood Pans?" Zabini's words were cold and callous, but his eyes held an uneasy look to them. As if he was wrestling with insulting Hermione right then and there. Pansy placed a hand on Zabini's shoulder. "Sorry Granger." "It's okay Zabini I do not expect you to change overnight." Hermione extended her hand. It took him a bit, but eventually, he took her hand. "That is agreeable." "Well are we going to get in or are we going to walk to school." Both girls jumped at the sound of Professor Spruce's voice. "Who are you?" the dark skinned wizards voice was once again agitated. "My name is unimportant till we get in the carriage and get moving. And Blaise before you says anything you don't get any more 'pure-blooded' than me." Entering the carriage next to Blaise the young witch noticed the professor look back as she climbed in. Hermione watched as Pansy coaxed Zabini into the carriage with the other two. Blaise glared at Hecate for the longest time during the ride. He did this so long in fact that he was entranced by her mother. Looking out the window Hermione noticed the other carriages were not moving nor were their occupants. It seemed as though time itself was standing still. Looking back over at the goddess she was staring at one Hecate's peripheral heads. Looking back to the wizard she saw that his mouth was hanging open and his eyes were wide. "Mother, what is going on?" "I just wanted a chance to inform Mr Zabini of a few things. The least of which is the truth about the two of you." The silken voice of the goddess seemed to bring their male companion back from his state of awe. Blaise asked in almost a whisper "Who are you?" "I am Hecate the goddess of magic, witchcraft, childbirth, and child protection among other things, and as you have heard I am Hermione's mother." Both girls watched as their fellow student lowered his head before the raven-haired goddess. "Thank you Mr Zabini, but that is not why I wanted to talk to you." "What is it that I can do for you?" they young man's voice was far more humble now. "Hermione will have her friends watching her back, but Pansy needs someone to do the same for her in the Slytherin commons. She like Hermione is a demigoddess. This information will go no further. I do not want Malfoy and his ilk to learn of this information." "They are that important?" He gestured to Hermione and Pansy. "They are to me and many others. Before you ask young man it is her study habit that makes Hermione as good as she is." Her mother seemed to want to clear the air of that unasked question. "Will you do this for me Mr Zabini?" "I will do as you ask." The brunette's mother just nodded and the carriage started moving again. It took a while but the teens started to talk to each other once more. When they finally went to get the other occupant involved in the conversation they noticed she was gone. All three of them looked at one another for a few minutes, and then Hermione asked: "How did you know she was telling the truth?" "Until now I didn't, and besides your eyes say more than anyone's words could say about your heritage." Hermione just nodded in agreement. "You not going to ask what I mean?" "I saw them last night. They are the colour of the moon correct?" Blaise nodded in agreement. Hermione saw a bruise on Pansy's cheek but decided to leave not to say anything while Blaise was present. Once they arrived at the castle Professor McGonagall asked to see her and Harry. Harry was given a once over by Madam Pomfrey. After speaking with Professor McGonagall about her classes Hermione's spirits were lifted once more. She was given a Time-Turner which was safely hidden in her robes. She looked down the Gryffindor table and saw that Neville and Ginny were holding chairs for them. Hermione couldn't help but smile because Neville was holding one seat next to him, and the other was by the red head. As for Ron, he was at the end of the table and it looked like none of their friends wanted to talk to him. Infarct the only one that was talking to him was a young girl with dark brown hair and emerald green eyes. She glanced nonchalantly at the Slytherin table. It seemed that Draco wanted nothing to do with either Blaise or Pansy, and it was probably because of they road with a Gryffindor, not a Slytherin. Hermione decided to sit by Neville forcing Harry to sit by Gin. Which made both of them blush. It also caused Ginny to give her a death glare. After listening to Professor Dumbledore Hermione asked the only unanswered question in her mind at the moment "Who is Ron talking to?" "Believe it or not her name is Morgan le Fey. She just moved here from the United States." Neville said after drinking some pumpkin juice. "She looks a lot like a younger version of the Chocolate Frog Card, but she says her father named her Morgan to annoy her." "How horrible," was Ginny's response. Harry looked down the table at their friend and his new companion. "She looks similar Neville, but I don't think she is related THE Morgan le Fey." "I think her parents changed their name on purpose." Ginny speculated. The other three nodded in agreement and decided to move on to other topics, but every now and then Hermione would look over at Slytherin table.