than is probably healthy, but being single was so fun! You have the whole world in front of you and no one to stop you." "I could have a fun, single life if only I wasn't so good at self-sabotage," Hermione mused. "I see an attractive man, and boom! My mouth becomes a separate being and says things that I don't even think can be considered English." Ginny and Astoria tried their hardest not to laugh. "Oh, you really can't be that bad," said Ginny. "I don't know about that," Astoria said with mirth in her eyes. "Our boss once passed by us in the hallway and said, 'Cheers, ladies, hope all is well,' and Hermione's voice cracked as she responded with: 'Nothing's been better than well, thanks.'" Hermione buried her face in her hands as she recalled that humiliating episode. "What does that even mean? Why does my brain hate me!" "He probably doesn't remember it," Astoria reassured her, rubbing her shoulder. "He just kept on walking and didn't squint in confusion at all." She looked at Ginny and nodded her head silently to affirm that he had, indeed, squinted in confusion. "You just need practice, Hermione," Ginny said. "Your last relationship was with my brother, and we all know he's as romantic as a hemorrhoid." Hermione laughed and shook her head. "Ron was the best boyfriend, I'll have you know. We just realized we were better suited as friends. The spark wasn't there for us. I realized later on that it was me." "No, that's not true!" Astoria said. "There's nothing wrong with you." Hermione shrugged and took a sip of her wine. "I just couldn't manage to fall in love with him. I love him so much, but I never could just let go and be...I don't know, passionate with him. I don't think I'm capable of it…with anyone." "I know Ron loved you and still loves you, Hermione," Ginny assured her. "It's like you said, you two are just better friends than lovers. Also, I hate you so much for making me refer to my brother as a lover in any capacity." "I enjoy being single," Hermione confessed with a laugh. "There's nothing inherently wrong with it, but I do miss having someone to come home to and just spend time with. I can't picture myself dating again. My last date was with Ron, and we just went to a Quidditch shop so he could buy a new broom." "Romantic as a hemorrhoid," Ginny repeated. "Astoria and I will help you get back out there. At least you'll have the pleasure of dating…unlike some people." She gave Astoria a meaningful look. Ginny and Hermione had been trying to surreptitiously find out more about their mysterious relationship. Unfortunately for them, Astoria never did talk much about Draco or their relationship. Astoria smiled and took a sip of her drink. "I don't have to worry about all the annoyances of dating. 'Did he call? Does he like me? Have we defined the relationship?' I have a very fine gentleman waiting to marry me with no crazy expectations. It's quite ideal to me." "Yes, but Draco Malfoy ?" Ginny asked. "Now, don't take offense, and I'm not exaggerating, but he's the worst human being on the planet" "You two don't know him like I do," Astoria replied, the wine loosening her tongue. "He has his flaws, of course, but he has always been a true friend to me, and I will always love him for that." "It's just so surreal that you'll be marrying him, Astoria, when you're so wonderful, and he was just so horrid to us," said Hermione. "I don't know what to make of it all. How can you go along with an arranged marriage, and with him ?" "The last time you saw him was six years ago," Astoria pointed out. "I've known him all my life, so trust me when I say he has changed. Honestly. We don't have a grand romance, but neither of us is looking for one. Our families approve of the match, we get along, and we respect each other's independence. Pureblood marriages aren't like muggle ones. We marry to carry on the family line and to establish stronger connections between the pureblood families. Draco and I both understand this, and, frankly, we don't really mind." Hermione's head spun with this new information. "You're going to marry him and give up your chances at love? Forever?" Astoria laughed lightly. "Love can grow with time. I already love Draco very much as a friend, and he's handsome enough, so who says romantic love won't come later?" Draco… handsome? "You surprise me, Astoria. Your thoughts on marriage are very different from what I was raised to believe, but you're a smart woman, and I'd be a piss-poor friend to judge you." "You're a better person than I, Hermione; I'm pureblood, and I still think this is mad," Ginny said. "Not all of us can marry the most famous wizard in recent history," Astoria teased. "Some of us have to settle for infamous artists." "Wait… Malfoy is an artist ?" asked Hermione, her mouth hanging slightly open. "Oh yes," Astoria responded. She put her wineglass down and hugged a throw pillow to her chest. "He's actually quite talented. Spent a few years away in Belgium studying at an art school. His parents were furious." "How has it taken us this long in our friendship for this very interesting piece of information to come out?" Ginny asked. "We obviously haven't been asking the right questions." Astoria laughed. "I know how you all feel about him, so I try not to mention him too much. I assumed once I'm married, I'd force you all to become the best of friends so I won't have to choose." "The day I become the best of friends with Malfoy is the day I dance naked on the street," said Hermione. Astoria just smiled. "I'll try and remember that."