took shape from the dark and white shadow. "You will never forget me," this time the voice was more firm but didn't seem to sound like Lily anymore. "You will never forget a thing,ever," Came the voice before Harry blacked out. Petunia Dursley was not having a good day, which was certainly surprising since everyday was always the same at the Dursleys. She had woken up quite early. Certainly earlier than she normally did. Shivering, she slipped out of her bed and crept into the kitchen. Just carry on as normal, she thought to herself. So what, you woke up an hour before you normally do on a work day, nothing to worry about. Like always, breakfast was steaming hot and ready to be served at 5:30 in the morning. A perfect 30 minutes after she started cooking. Also like always, 10 minutes later Vernon was walking down the stairs towards the food with a smile on his face. "Morning," he said tiredly as he sat down and started eating. Nodding, she grabbed a coat and headed towards the front door to get the mail. That was when her day turned upside down. The very first thing she noticed when she opened the door was a basket. Must be a gift from the neighbors, she mused as she grabbed the letter lying on the cloth, covering the thing inside. She carefully opened it and read the letter. Then reread it. Then reread it again. Then screamed. Another scream soon joined hers as Dudley woke up from his sleep. In a flash Vernon was beside her. Quickly, he snatched up the fallen letter and read it. Then reread it. Then reread it again. Then glanced at the basket. This was not happening, he thought to himself as he stared at the basket. Petunia, having calmed down, quickly went to calm her son as Vernon kept staring at the basket. Slowly, he touched the basket and pulled the blanket down. Vivid green eyes met his brown ones head on as they stared at each other. "Let's take him in," Came Petunia's shocking reply as she came down the stairs and lifted up Harry. "We can't just take him in!" Vernon said pleadingly trying to reason with his stubborn wife. "I don't care if Lily was a mass murder, it was her dying wish! Lucky for me she is not a mass murder.I think I should at least do this for her," Petunia snapped staring at the boy on her table with disdain. "That's nonsense, I saw the letter. You are scared of the actual mass murder that happened to murder your sister," He challenged. Petunia remained silent however as she went into the pantry to get Harry some food. "He is staying," Petunia said calmly as she opened the bottle with a little extra force than necessary. Unknown to them all a certain baby boy was listening in with growing curiosity. And from that day forth a fourth member joined the family, no matter how reluctant they may have been to admit. "That boy better not be in the kitchen!" Came Vernon's angry roar as Dudley laughed. "Honey, he is watching me cook. He has got to learn, he's five" Petunia called back to him as she turned the eggs. Harry, despite himself, watched with rapt attention. Sighing, he turned back to Dudley. "That freak has brought nothing but trouble I tell you," Vernon mumbled venomously as he looked over the application. He had been trying to find a better paying job, and Grunnings sure looked promising. The only problem was they weren't accepting him. Sending one last look at Dudley, he got up and walked into the kitchen setting down all the papers on the table. "Sweetie, they need more proof that you would be a good addition, you sure you sent them everything?" Petunia questioned softly as she turned off the stove and moved to sit by her husband. Harry quickly pretended to be interested in the streams so he wouldn't be sent away, towards Dudley. "Maybe I should just look for a different job?" Vernon said, sighing softly. "Schooling," Harry said out loud. Two startled heads snapped around to stare at Harry in anger. "Now list~," Vernon was cut off by Petunia's look."What do you mean, boy," Petunia asked politely, or at least tried to. Harry looked at the pot one more time before walking to stand by the door. "I heard you talking about meetings and birth certificates when Aunt Petunia brought up work some time ago," Harry said nervously, stumbling a bit on the word certificate. "If I was looking for a friend, I would want to look in the right place. Probably it is the same with your job? Aunt Marjorie mentioned once how schooling was super important?" Harry said softly. Right before she sent me to "learn" how to care for dog. He couldn't help but add in his mind. The fierce, ugly, and hateful dog. Harry shuddered. There was a brief pause before Petunia shot an amazed look at Vernon. "I didn't send my graduation certificate," Vernon said slowly. Harry furrowed his brows. What was that? Petunia, must have understood because she went up to his office to get it. Soon Uncle Vernon was speeding away in his car as Harry quickly went back to watching Petunia cook. Not long after he left, the phone started ringing. "Hello?" Petunia asked hesitantly. "I got the job!" Vernon said enthusiastically from the other end."Can you cook some more food so we can have a feast?" Vernon questioned quickly. Before hanging up the call. "Harry! More cooking!" Petunia roared from the kitchen, missing the fact that she used his first name. For the first time. But after all, it was a one time thing right? Right? But even if it was just a first time thing Harry smiled, For just like Neville Harry learned a life lesson, you can always find light in the darkest of places.