You can't prove anything! Besides, you read the papers don't you? Muggles are horrible. They abuse us every chance they get, so why shouldn't we get them back from time to time?" "What did you do to them?" Caiside hissed. The stocky boy just smiled nastily. "It was just a few stinging hexes. They didn't even see us. What's the big deal? No one trusts muggles these days." The other two boys made noises of assent. "It's wrong!" Caiside exclaimed. "They didn't do anything to you." The boy raised his eyebrows. "Careful, Filodoxos. People might start thinking you're a blood traitor if you go around saying things like that." Caiside scowled. "Why should I care what a bunch of idiots think?" The boy pulled out his wand, aiming it at Caiside. "You've always been such a brat. I bet that your mom would thank me if I taught you a little lesson. Did you know that every time she visits my mum for tea, she complains about how hopeless you are?" A dark look crossed Caiside's face, but she stood firm. Callidus had no idea what he had just gotten himself caught up in, but he found himself reaching into his pocket and gripping his wand. He really, really didn't want to have to use it. The last thing he needed was a letter from the Ministry of Magic about the use of Underaged Magic. Something like this could potentially get him expelled. "Are you sure you want to do this, Milgrim?" Caiside taunted. "Remember what happened last time?" The stocky boy's expression wavered. His cheeks had become flushed, and his eyes promised revenge, but his wand hand had faltered. "Hexing whiny little girls is stupid anyway," he muttered, pocketing his wand. "Let's go." He and his friends turned to leave. When they were gone, Caiside exhaled heavily. "Merlin, I can't stand him." "What was that all about?" Caiside gave Callidus a rueful smile. "He's some boy I've known since I was a kid. As he said, our mums like to visit, so we used to have play dates. We never got along though. Anyway, this isn't the first time I've caught him bullying others, but lately, he's been doing more and more muggle baiting. It - well, ever since that news story with Harry Potter, there's been a lot more anti-muggle sentiments. Most people are mature enough not to do things like Milgrim, but people have been talking, and stuff." Caiside shrugged and began to turn back toward the direction of her house, and Callidus walked alongside her. "What were you referring to when you mentioned a 'last time?' What happened?" The question brought a self-satisfied smile onto Caiside's face. From her pocket, she pulled out a couple of oblong-shaped pods. Callidus leaned towards her, examining the speckled green pods. "What are those?" "They're seed pods from one of my plants. With a hard enough impact, the pod bursts open, and the seeds disperse. What's interesting with these seeds is that they will latch and wriggle themselves into a growing surface. Whether that's on the soil, on pavement or -" she grinned maliciously, "- on skin, the seed will still latch and insert. It's not lethal - but it's wicked painful. Makes a bloody mess. I mean that literally." Callidus cringed at the thought. "It's like a - plant shrapnel bomb - or something." "I don't really know what a shrapnel bomb is," Caiside admitted. "A muggle thing?" Callidus nodded. "Can I see one of those?" "Sure." Caiside placed a pod in his palm. "Just don't squeeze it or anything." As they walked back to the Filodoxos house, Caiside spoke more about the rising anti-muggle attitudes. It wasn't the sort of thing that was written about in papers like the Daily Prophet , so Callidus had been oblivious to the matter. "Is this just Wimbourne, or are other towns feeling the same way? I imagine the negative perceptions must be fairly widespread, considering the Daily Prophet's readership. Caiside shrugged. "Maybe. I don't know. I don't hate muggles." "Why?" Callidus wondered. Caiside gave him an incredulous look. "I mean, considering how your parents act, I'm just - I admit, surprised that you're so open-minded towards muggles and blood status." Caiside snorted. "My parents attitudes are exactly why I'm open-minded towards muggles and muggleborns. The last thing I want to do is be like my parents. Ugh." Callidus raised his eyebrow. "So this is all just an act of rebellion? It has nothing to do with principles?" "I - erm -" Caiside looked a bit abashed. "At first, it was all about being rebellious. But - I - I don't know. I mean, no one here associates with the muggles. And I don't know any muggleborns. But the thing is, I've met a lot of pure-bloods and half-bloods who aren't the greatest people. Milgrim, for one. I guess I just figured that muggles and muggleborns can't be worse, you know?" "Logical assumption." "Does it bother you?" Caiside queried. Callidus shrugged. "I've had bad experiences with muggles. But as I said, some of the smartest people I've met are muggleborns." "Hm. Just so we're - erm - clear - I wanted to say that your blood status doesn't bother me." "I gathered," Callidus drawled. Caiside gave him a weak smile. "It's just - well - I had fun today. Aside from stupid Milgrim. We should - I don't know - do this again?" Callidus raised an eyebrow, but remained silent, and Caiside began to squirm uncomfortably. It was a little spiteful, but considering she had ignored him for a week, he thought she deserved a little punishment. Finally, his lips quirked upwards in a smile. "Sure. There's nothing better to do, anyway." Caiside huffed with relief, but broke into a wide grin. "Well now that we're - erm - hanging out - I gotta give you a tour of my garden. Don't worry, I won't let you get hurt. Much." "Lucky me."