bitterly, the sting of Hermione's abandonment coming back full force. "Ron, do you honestly think the rest of us would be perfectly fine with her always being with the family when we get together if that was true?" George asked, frown lines creasing his forehead. "Well, yeah, since that's what-" "Do you know how often she's over asking about you? At the Burrow. At the shop. With Harry, and even Bill. She's constantly worrying, trying to make sure you're alright." He was pulled up short at that information. Somehow, he'd just assumed that...Hermione had gotten on with her life, and just popped in at the Burrow on special occasions. "She could've saved the time and just asked me." George gave a grim laugh. "That was the problem, Ron. She couldn't. You were shutting her out, same as you did with everyone else when you weren't focused on helping us. Sometimes, you'd just look through her like she wasn't even there. And there near the end, no matter what she said, you managed to turn it into a fight." "So it was my fault, is that what you're saying? Of course. It always is. It's always me that-" "No one thinks it's your fault," George cut in, with a heavy sigh of exasperation. "Seriously, Ron. Even Hermione. No one thinks you're doing it on purpose." "If she had just told me in the first place..." Ron said, circling back. George leaned forward, his eyes intent. "Would you have listened, Ron? Honestly, would you have listened?" He opened his mouth to say that of course he would have, but no words came. His tongue darted out nervously to lick his chapped lips, the flakes of skin smoothing momentarily with the moisture. He wanted to say yes, but that one stubborn corner of his mind wouldn't let him be anything other than honest. If Hermione had mentioned this years ago, he would've been mad. Probably would've thought she was using it as an excuse. It was only now, after things had gone so badly for so long, that he was forced to see it. "I don't know what to do, George," he admitted haltingly. "I...I don't know how to fix any of this, or even where to start." "And you think I did?" George asked, heaving himself out of his chair and plunking down beside Ron, a heavy arm coming down across his shoulders. "Trust me, I didn't-which you should know, since you were one of the ones dragging me back from the brink, no matter how hard I fought it. If it'd been left to me, I wouldn't have come this far. But that's what getting help is for; they'll help you make sense of the messed up shite in your head, and where you need to start to fix it." "Yeah. I guess so." "Look, it's probably all starting to hit you. Back when I first started to come to terms that I had to do something, I was so knackered I felt like I could sleep for a week. Why don't you go home, get some rest, and see how things look tomorrow?" Ron nodded, grateful for the chance to escape. It was all becoming too much, and he needed to be alone before it came exploding out. He stood up, his limbs feeling heavy and numb. "You're right. Thanks, George. I guess I just needed to...I dunno." He said with a shrug, moving towards the door. "Ron?" George called to him, before he could make it into the hallway. "Yeah?" "Do you want things to change?" With a pang, sharp memories of the weeks after the war returned. He'd thought that aside from Fred, his life was finally on the track he had wanted. He'd had such plans; a steady relationship with Hermione, a good career, being close with his family...time for fun. He was so far from all of that, wasn't he? Things with Hermione were broken and in need of fixing, instead of being engaged at this point, as he'd hoped. He was good at his job, but he knew he didn't fit well with the team, which would only hurt them all in the long run. He did everything he could for his family...except let them in as close as he knew they wanted to be, as ihe/i wanted them to be. As for fun, that was practically a foreign word. "Yeah. Yeah, I really do." George's mouth lifted in a half smile. "Then it will. You've got enough of the Weasley stubbornness to do it, Ronnie." It was enough to bring a fleeting, yet genuine smile to his face as he shut the door, retracing his path back down to the Floo, not feeling like Apparating home. Once back in the quiet of his own home, he checked his wards for the night, and walked slowly into his room, stripping down to his boxers and tossing his clothes on a chair. His mattress sagged as he sat down, his toes curling into the thick loops of the bedside rug. Something deep within him had cracked today, allowing emotions that rarely surfaced to rise within him, an internal whirlpool. He looked down at his hands, which were shaking, and they didn't stop even though he gripped his knees hard enough to leave marks. Everything he had ever wanted seemed so far out of reach. Somehow, without realizing it, he had walled off sections of himself that he didn't even know how to access anymore. Nothing felt quite right, and everything he used to enjoy now hardly touched him, as if they'd never meant a thing. He didn't know himself, and he was, quite frankly, terrified. Slowly, he fell to his side, his body drawing up in the fetal position. For the first time in a very, very long time, Ron cried; harsh, wracking sobs shaking his body, rocking him in a sort of macabre lullaby until, exhausted and spent, he slid into the blackness of unconsciousness.