vision, she opened her mouth. "You know I know you're here, right?" she asked just loud enough for him to hear. He froze. His panting stopped, as did his slow tail. She's not talking to me. She's not. She can't be. She's just a crazy person. That's it. A crazy muggle who's just crazy. After all she's looking way above me. And I'm basically completely obscured. I mean, I can see her, but barely; I doubt she can see me. She lowered her eyes and looked directly at him. "And I know you're not a dog," she continued with a slight polite smile. Fuck. Cover's blown. Time to leave. Leave forever. Leave so fast and don't look back; don't come back; don't think back. Okay maybe think back but to the times before this one, not this one. This is terrifying. GO. Dammit, why am I frozen in fear? This doesn't happen to me. I'm a damn dog, for Merlin's sake, not a cat! She squinted and looked down at the ground in thought. "Well, seriously, I suppose you are a dog, but, to be serious, not just a dog. Not naturally anyways. Seriously, you're clearly an Animagus." He cocked his head to the side. How on earth does she know? How did she figure it out? And when ? She continued on her nervous ramble. "God, I need to stop saying 'seriously' so much." She took another breath and looked back up at him, noticing his cocked head and widened eyes. "Oh seriously, don't give me that look, it's obvious." So much for not saying "seriously," love. That's all right; I like it. Not quite what I'm looking for, and not how you mean it, but close enough. "Dogs don't just sit and watch people. Seriously, unless they're about to give them food or they own them, and clearly those don't apply here." This is too much. This is bad. I am in so much trouble. Oh, I am so dead. Merlin, she really is adorable though. I've never seen her face for more than a few seconds, and not expressions like this, the polished happiness, the confusion, the nervousness. Wait, do I make her nervous? No, no, anyone talking to a dog who they're pretty sure but not entirely sure is a person would be nervous. Well, no she's pretty sure. She said "Animagus." She wasn't even a muggle. Merlin. This is new. Oh, this is so different. Everything. Everything is changing. This is too much. I need to leave. He rose up off his back legs. "No, don't leave! Please." She pleaded, as he got up. "Look, it's…" she glanced down at her watch, "1:58. You have two minutes. I know that because we've both been here the past three Mondays…" Well that answers one question. She's known at least twenty-two days about me. That's almost as long as I've known about her! I thought I was good at this… "…and your comings and goings don't seem uniform, but on Mondays at least, you always leave before me, and always at two o'clock. How you know it's two, I seriously have no idea, which is very impressive by the way, but more to the point, just listen. I know you have to go, but I seriously like seeing you here. Or I would like actually seeing you, because seriously until now I really haven't," she laughed, but quickly regained her composure knowing he had to leave soon. "I hope me confronting you doesn't scare you away, because I'd seriously like to keep seeing you." She sighed again. "I've got to stop with the 'seriously's, I know. I'm working on it. I mean, really I'd like to see you as a human, and talk with you, but even if it's just in dog form, I'd like to see you again. Maybe I can just talk to you if you won't talk back…" Huh… Maybe. Maybe this could be okay… I'll probably have to talk it over at dinner. But I don't frighten her . His heart soared. She's not creeped out. Then again she's been coming here to be by me too, so maybe I should be creeped out… No, I'm definitely the creepy one here, if anyone. "…so anyways, tomorrow I have some things to do, but I'll be here for a while too. I know it's got to be hot with the fur and all, and I'm busy in the afternoon, but I'll be in the morning maybe around, 9:30. Probably stay until eleven or so. That's a good amount of time. So seriously no pressure, but if you'd like to come by, I'll be here then," she paused and just looked at him, noticing his grey eyes. She assumed they were nearly what his human eyes would be like, as all black dogs she had seen before had brown eyes. Why so early? I suppose if that's the only time she can come. And if she hadn't said anything, I'd have missed her tomorrow. That's not her usual time. And it could be nice not coming out when it's so hot. But that's early. Well, it could be worth it. Besides not being up all hours of the night would probably be good for me. She was reminded of the other possibility of his frequent presence and shrugged and smiled at him again, almost smirking, "or if I'm just in your way of a great, shady view the pond, I'll be gone by eleven. You can have it the rest of the day and night." She glanced down at her watch once again. 2:01. "It's 2:01," she informed him, sighing. "You better be going to… whatever Monday commitment you have." She yawned. "I'm off to get some coffee. Hope to see you tomorrow," she said with another smile as she craned her neck to see him more easily and waved slightly. "Goodbye." With a loud, nature-disturbing crack, she Disapparated and was gone from his sight.