of months back. The two of them had gotten together during the Christmas holidays of Harry's sixth year after he decided to help out Tonks when he found out that she had fallen in love with Lupin. Their surprise pregnancy had speeded up their marriage and Harry had been quite bewildered when they asked him to be the godfather of their unborn child when he had arrived at the Burrow several months back. He didn't know why they had asked him because quite frankly, he didn't know either Remus or Tonks very well, but he had accepted it none the less. "He's at the Burrow with Molly," said Tonks. "She'll look after him. Where's Remus?" "You'll have to ask Kingsley; he's the one organising people," said Harry. Tonks and Augusta Longbottom nodded and hurried away. "Ginny, I'm sorry but you'll have to leave the room," said Harry. His eyes narrowed as she came closer to him, obviously with the intent of kissing him, but he made a noise of frustration. He didn't have time for this! "Ginny, we are in the middle of a battle!" yelled Harry, making her move away in bewilderment. "I love you, Harry," said Ginny as she blew him a kiss and walked away, leaving Harry shaking his head. He didn't know why, but he didn't have any feelings for her anymore. "HARRY!" yelled someone. Harry groaned as he saw Ron and Hermione coming towards him. Why were they all interfering now? HP*THE AFTERMATH*HP " If you come with wands blazing to kill innocent children just because they stand in your way, I will kill you like how I killed Fenrir Greyback. You have been warned." Voldemort seethed as he listed to Potter's speech. Since when had the boy grown a backbone? The Harry Potter he knew wasn't this confident in defeating him! Sure, Voldemort had a great deal of respect for Potter for his sheer bravery in standing up to him, but this was the breaking point. Not even Dumbledore had dared to publicly announce Voldemort's ancestry! "How dare the filthy half-blood lie about our Lord!" screeched Bellatrix, fury clearly visible in her eyes. No one wanted to cross her when she was angry, not even her husband. In fact, it was during her last fit of rage that she had gone and killed her sister Andromeda for 'betraying' her family by marrying a mudblood. "But -" said a Death Eater uncertainty, but that was the last word he spoke before a jet of green light flew from Bellatrix's wand and impacted his chest as he rolled over, dead. "Does anyone else have anything to say?" hissed Bellatrix. Many of the Death Eaters gulped, but they knew better than to say anything to the mad witch. She was the Dark Lord's favourite, not to mention she was bat shit crazy. No one wanted to mess with her. "Harry Potter is lying, my friends," said Voldemort silkily. "He is nothing but a conniving liar who is trying to destabilise what we have achieved over the past year and a half. We have removed the mudbloods from our society! We are on our way in stopping the filthy muggles. Pretty soon, all of Britain will be free from the contaminant and purebloods alone will rise as the leaders of the new order. Once the international community sees what we have achieved, we can take over the world! We shall show muggles their place and eradicate them, but for that, we need to kill Harry Potter. He is the beacon of light for them all. Once he is dead, the war will be over and we shall have peace! I, Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, declare it so!" Thunderous cheers and applause greeted Voldemort's speech as the Death Eaters bowed down to their Lord. "ATTACK!" shouted Bellatrix as hundreds of Death Eaters ran to the grounds of the castle. Voldemort tapped his wand on his head, casting a Disillusionment charm so powerful that no one could see him. He walked towards his destination with a smile on his lipless mouth. Potter's words didn't have the effect the boy thought it would. His army wasn't going to betray him. It was not possible for them to betray him. Bellatrix did a good thing in showing them exactly what would happen to traitors. He wondered if he should join the battle, but he shook his head. No, he would wait. After innocent blood was shed, Potter would come seeking for him. Voldemort knew how Potter worked. The boy wouldn't be able to stand it if his friends died because of him. He would have Potter within his grasp soon. Until then, his Death Eaters would do the killing; besides, these idiots of Hogwarts wouldn't kill anyway. That stupid Dumbledore's Army group, as well as the Order of the Phoenix, would stun people left, right and centre. By the time he entered the battle, the defenders would be weakened while the Death Eaters would still be large in number. He laughed softly. Dumbledore's philosophy of giving second chances was foolish, and whatever Potter might say, he was Dumbledore's man through and through. The boy would only disarm or stun; how pathetic. When he reached the marble tomb, he frowned. This was a blemish on the beautiful grounds of Hogwarts. He raised his Yew wand. How fitting that this would be its last, great act. The tomb split open and the wrappings fell apart. Voldemort's blood boiled as he saw that there was no wand buried with him. The Elder Wand wasn't here. Dumbledore must have done something to it before he died! He screamed in rage. White hot anger coursed through his veins as he found Macnair. "Call the giants and dementors, now !" said Voldemort in a deadly, high cold voice. They would all pay for denying him the wand! He would kill them all! Let's see how they would stop the giants and hundreds of dementors! HP*THE AFTERMATH*HP