Rowle had no children. I feared she could have kidnapped you... she's not exactly a very good person…" Oh, she had no idea how to introduce the subject "Well, do… do you know what a Death Eater is?" The girl's eyes dilated and she retreated "Yes" she whispered "That's why I'm being hidden away. Mum was one. She was important. Euphemia always say I must remain hidden, or Potter will come. He…" she paused, and the shaking worsened "He'll come and…" she was ventilating "and he'll kill me". Rowle ! Hermione restrained her rage. She had to stay collected and calm, she had to. And no matter what, this child wasn't going to stay with the Rowles a day longer. She took another step closer to the girl, the snakes around them quiet. "Look, I know Harry. Personally, I mean. Since we were 11. He will never, ever do such a thing. He is a dad himself, you see" It wasn't working "And… his godson, Teddy. He's almost your age. It'll feel like killing Teddy and Harry would rather sacrifice himself thousand times over that". "There is more, than a high ranked Death Eather mum" she murmured, and Hermione braced herself. Oh, who am I kidding? I knew it from the second I saw the snakes. Let's try take this from another point . "Is it about your surname?" "I don't have one. It should be… Lestrange, but I don't think it is. I overheard Damocles, one day. And he said... he said no Lestrange could ever…" she went quiet. It was Bellatrix, then. Of course it was her. Hermione had no idea what to say. She sat down, letting the child know she was staying with her, and waited. Then, an almost imperceptible hiss came from the girl and all the snakes turned to her. Another hiss and all of them bar one retreated into the grove. She stretched a hand and that one crossed the shield straight to her, head up. The girl started petting it and looked up to Hermione. "No Lestrange can talk with snakes" a pause "And I know what this mean. What Parseltongue mean. Potter will want to kill me. To even things out". Hermione was shocked, she wouldn't dare say she wasn't. But this was pure, unulterated bullshit. Oh, she saw what the Rowles were trying to do here. Raise her alone, in fear and hate for Harry Potter and then unleash her into Britain. Monsters! And if she had only half the power her parents had had… a second enraged Riddle wasn't something Britain should have to face ever again. She tried a different approach. "What is your name, dear? We still haven't introduced ourselves, have we?" "Delphini. Delphi". "Nice to meet you, Delphi. I am… Hermione Granger" The girl left out a little scream and hugged her plush closely, distancing herself from Hermione. The snake rolled up unto the child's shoulders and hissed at Hermione. Thank God this one is nowhere Nagini's size. "No, no, look. I just want you to look at this and listen to me for few minutes, I promise. If after that you'll still be scared, I'll leave you alone and we'll find a different solution. Alright?" "Yes" a murmur, but it was just what Hermione needed. "Look at me, please" When she had her attention, she open her gear a little, enough to show her neck. "Can you see that little scar? Just right there" she said pointing it. Delphi looked confused but nodded, leaning closer to Hermione. "During the war… your mum did this" And Delphi jerked away again. She really believe I want to hurt her. Poor child. "Please, just hear me out. Yes, she did, and yes, saying I didn't liked her would be an egregious misunderstanding. But here I am now, right in front of her child. And I don't want to hurt you, revenge, or "even things out" at all. I want to know if you are happy here, and if you are not, take you away. Give you a home, a real one, with people who will love you". A long silence. "But I am their child, am I not?" "Do you know who my parents are?" A mute no. Perfect. "They are Muggle Healers. And I work in the Ministry, I take care of Magical Creatures and their rights. Pretty different, don't you think? No child is a copy of their parents". The child lowered her head and quietly petted her plush. The bubble protection became less solid looking, as it was about to dispel. After a while, Delphi raised her head, her expression one of mild hope. "You don't… want to kill me?" she asked. Hermione sat upright, presented herself as resolute as she could and looked right in her eyes. This moment was crucial. "I do not". Delphi's shoulder relaxed, she was actually believing her! "You'll take me away from here?" "I will". Hermione saw tears forming in her eyes. Few seconds later the shield was gone and she was being hugged as strong as a child could. Hermione sighed with relief and hugged her back. She noticed the snake (when had it get out of her shoulders?) was eyeing her, wary and protective, but not hissing anymore. Seems like I passed the test, uh? Muffled sobs made her attention shift from the snake to the girl. Hermione started pet Delphi's head quietly and murmur soothing words, repeating "It's alright, it's over, we'll take care of you" over and over. It was quite surreal: she, the Mudblood, comforting Voldemort's child, in the middle of a night, with dozens of snakes lurking around. She raised her head and admired the starry sky for few moments. It was new Moon, but here, away from the cities lights and under the protective spells, countless stars were illuminating the clearing. Now that she had time to notice, it was a beautiful night. Fitting to find a lost Black , she chuckled.