and started enjoying then he shot his load into her hand. Ginny provocatively licked his cum off her hands. " I have same problem too . " Ginny whispered in Harry ear. Then she used spell to get a cock. Harry looked at his wife's cock, moved his hand to grip it but Ginny patted away his hand. " I want your mouth. " Ginny told him. Harry lowered until he reached her cock then started sucking. " Hmm. that's good cock slut. Suck it like your life depend on it. " Ginny placed her hand on Harry. " Ohhh " Ginny moaned. " You little slut, that's great. You like sucking my cock like bitch don't you? " Harry heard Ginny. He knows she is countering for last night performance. Still he liked it and sucking her cock like cock slut. Ginny smiled seeing Harry effort.. Draco prepared breakfast wearing sexy french maid outfit. Now he is serving them. " Harry, i won't be here today evening. " Hermione told them. " Oh , going to Billy house. " Ginny smiled. " I can't believe you are having threesome with them. " Harry expressed his surprise. " You already know they have pretty open relationship. They even invited you two to foursome. But Ginny don't want to see his brother naked. " " Even though he promised he won't touch me, i don't want to see him naked. " Ginny placed disgusted face. Harry and Hermione laughed. " What about Harry? " Hermione asked. " Not today. Maybe next time. " Harry replied. " Until you can keep Draco and you use him anyway you like. " Hermione told them. " I will " Ginny replied with wicked smile. " What about you honey? Will you be good sissy slut ? " Hermione slapped Draco ass playfully. " Of course mistress. " Draco replied happily. He liked when she call him honey which she call him rarely. " Harry, you can use him too. " Hermione told him. " i don't like him Hermione. It felt too uncomfortable. " Harry replied. " You don't need to make him suck your cock Harry. You can relieve your frastation on him. Atleast spank him. " " i want to see that sissy suck Harry cock. " Ginny told them. " But he always denied it. " " Atleast try Harry. i can make him more feminine. " she waved her hand. Draco's chest place increased. " Draco, show your tits. " she ordered. Draco lowered his dress so he is showing his perky and handful tits. " Come here. " Hermione called him. Draco walked to Hermione. She removed his dress with wave of her wand. " Look Harry, i can even make him vanish his little cock but I want to make him sissy. " she turned him. " Look at his ass. Pale and wanted to be spanked. " she bent him against table then she started spanking him . His red ass turned into bright red. " Look how sexy his ass is. " Hermione dropped her panties and started fucking Draco in front of them. Harry and Ginny never stopped amazed by Hermione bluntness. She is fucking him like he is just there for that. It is so sexy. After shooting her load into Draco ass, Hermione grabbed Harry and fucked his ass then Ginny's ass. " Wow, that's great Hermione. " Ginny and Harry told her. They left for office. After they left, Hermione still horny so she just sat there while her cock looking at ceiling. " Sissy slut, ride my cock. " Hermione ordered Draco. Draco reached Hermione, he widened his butt cheeks and lifted himself and lowered so Hermione cock directly entered his ass. Draco started riding her cock. She is passing her time by either fucking Draco or doing research for Harry and Ginny auror business. Most of the time she used Draco either for fucking or spanking him or let him suck her cock. Hermione first met Billy then both went to Billy house which located in beautiful island. Billy knocked the door. Fleur opened the door. Hermione and Billy jaws opened with surprise. Fleur is wearing red transparent gown that came to her thighs without anything under it showing voluptuous body . Her veela origin made her very beautiful and give her perfect curvature body. " Hermione, what a surprise? i thought you wont another two hours. " Fleur said with her sexy french accent. " I thought we can have fun session before Hermione comes " she turned toward Billy and told him. " You look wonderful. " Billy told her and hugged her. " Don't i get a hug ? " Hermione asked. Fleur turned toward her and hugged her. Hermione is wearing backless short red low V neck dress that showing her lovely cleavage. Their tits mushed together and Hermione hands feeling voluptuous body. Fleur felt Hermione hands all over her back and tried to break the hug but Hermione gripped her. Hermione hands grabbed Fleur ass and squeezing them. " You look sexy . " Hermione whispered in Fleur eyes. " you too. " Fleur told her. Fleur can feel the big cock of Hermione poking between her legs. " Wow that's big " Fleur eyes widened. Hermione moved up and down so her cock is rubbing against Fleur pussy. Fleur let out a sweet moan. Billy is looking at his wife who is shamelessly molested in Hermione hands. " Leave me Moine . " Fleur asked. " Not until you kiss me. " Hermione cupped Fleur face and kissed her on lips. It is not sweet tender lovers kiss, Hermione pushed her tongue into Fleur mouth then exploring entire mouth, savouring sweet taste. Then Hermione left Fleur after the kiss. Fleur is flushed by her kiss and going into house. Hermione saw Fleur perfect ass curvature, planted strong slap on her ass. " Moine "