with before. Hermione had given her ex-professor a good sniffing over, padded into Sirius' parent's old room (which was conveniently transformed into a nice paddock for Buckbeak) seemed to have a discussion with the hippogriff, and came back with a pile of pristine hippogriff quills. With a little translation, Hermione said Remus could make a unique business selling exotic hippogriff quills for writing or even hair and broom decorations. A spiderling bounced up and down with excitement, wanting to help, and quickly demonstrated how to wrap a quill with spider silk for a smooth, comfortable writing grip. Sirius ribbed Remus that it took a real lion to get him on track, and Remus had agreed with a sigh. When his first prototype hippogriff writing quill sold for as much as a new wand, Remus stopped sulking and immediately got to work, dragging Sirius into as well. Buckbeak seemed a little puzzled as to what was so amazing about his shed feathers and why they were digging through his nest to get them, but it earned him a few extra plump ferrets to munch on, so he wasn't complaining. The new catalogue for "The Silver Hippogriff: Fine Quills and Accessories" hit the owl-post in less than a month, and they found out people were willing to pay three to five times as much for a rush, custom job. Rumour had it that some muppet was selling cheap knock-offs in Knockturn Alley, but they couldn't even come close to the feel and strength of real Dark Weaver spider silk. It seems Remus' new niche was safely in the bag, and for an added bonus, it got Sirius out of the bottle and witches' knickers and acting like a proper role model for Harry. Harry started his own little section in Remus' catalogue making custom coloured silk handgrips for brooms with his spider buddy Marcus and it seemed to even Harry out emotionally in finally having something to focus on that he could say was his . The spiders were happy to please, and they worked for flies and cuddles, both of which they got in scads. Though, at the end of the day, the majority of the spiders stayed with their mum, who was sticking to Hermione like glue. She knew a good thing when she had it. Hermione didn't mind and seemed to appreciate having a nightly snuggle buddy and a chasing target. The spiders would "flee" from her as she chased them up and down the halls of Hogwarts like Minerva after a catnip mouse. Once she was exhausted, they all piled up together and took a nap. Albus had respectfully requested that that particular sleeping place not be right at the bottom of his staircase, if she would please be so kind. Hermione grumbled slightly, but did as Severus asked, making it obvious that she was obeying Severus over Albus himself. Minerva was rolling around in the sun with them after that, amused up to her furry eyebrows. Rumour had it that Amelia had a photograph of Albus trying to step over a pride of lions that were snoozing at the bottom of his staircase. If it was true— no one was telling. "I want these filthy— ANIMALS — removed this instant!" Umbridge screeched as she inspected the faculty lounge. "I thought you were fan of cats, Madam Umbridge," Dumbledore said, stroking his beard. "These are not cats!" Dolores hissed. Hermione lifted her head. Viktor yawned toothily, making sure to show all of his fangs. Lucius rolled over on his side and playfully batted at Hermione's muzzle. "I'm not sure if the magi-biologists would agree with you, Madam Undersecretary." "Now you see here, Dumbledore!" Umbridge said, scrunching her face up unattractively, "It is against regulations to have animals running free in an educa—" "Now, Madam, you needn't worry," Albus said, smiling as the toadish woman squirmed. "This is Professor Snape," he said as the Potions' master flicked his eyes over the newspaper. His black claws tapped against the parchment with a disturbing half-rip. "I'm sure you've heard of his unfortunate forced transfiguration. This are his apprentices, Hermione Granger and Viktor Krum. Ah, so you are aware of Mr Krum, yes? Quite the family. Quite the Quidditch player. He's apparently an unparalleled whiz at Defence. Ah, and of course you know Lord Malfoy." "Lord Malfoy would never associate with beasts!" Umbridge said, puffing her face out like a bullfrog. Hermione jumped up, rubbing up against Severus as she grimaced, letting her teeth slide against his paws. Viktor followed, and Lucius took his place at her other side, they pushed by Umbridge, and as they passed, Lucius made wind. The lions disappeared out the door and away. "Oh, Severus," Albus said. "Poppy said to ask you for an extra batch of Dittany before the students come back." "Of course, Headmaster," Snape replied, flipping his paper. "Thank you, Sever—" Thud. Albus stared at Umbridge's unconscious body in the middle of the floor. He popped a lemon sherbet into his mouth. "Hrm, well, this is going to be an interesting year." Severus flipped another page, saying nothing. Lucius was looking smug. Again. Hermione was giving him a good tongue bath, ruffling his mane one direction and then the other, and then he returned the favour by grooming one side of her muzzle and then the other while Viktor groomed her shoulders. "Someone is having quite the spa treatment," Snape mumbled. "Take this case up to Poppy, if you please." Hermione hopped up and grabbed the basket of potions. She nudged Snape's hand to get a scratch and then padded out the door. Lucius and Viktor looked on wistfully. "You two are so pathetic," Severus said with a sigh. Lucius rolled over, sprawling, and Viktor yawned widely in response. A/N: I'm having a name-your-own spiderling contest. Leave a review with your ideas for an original name you want to see, and you may see it in the next chapter! The more original the better!