eyes an unsettling yellow as he walked, mindless of exposed entrails slowly falling out of the gaping hole in his abdomen. Descending from the staircase she saw what she thought might be Vincent Crabbe, his large frame difficult to make out from all of the burned flesh, his eyeballs a disturbing contrast to the red, broiled face, his expression locked in an eternal display of agony. The only free avenue was towards the dungeons. She rushed down, flying past the Potions Classroom and Professor Snape's office. She wasn't at all familiar with the doorways leading further underneath Hogwarts, and she traveled a ways before Bellatrix Lestrange's cackle to her left encouraged her to push open the door to her right. She saw more stone stairs leading into pitch black. She hesitated, but Bella's singsong, "Mudblood, play with me!" forced her to close the door and light her wand. The sides of the staircase were slick with moisture and the stone musty, and Hermione was careful to tread deliberately. As far as she knew, there were no levels to Hogwarts below the dungeons (outside of the Chamber of Secrets). It eventually led to a chamber of sorts, intricate rune circles overlapping in a complicated pattern in the middle of the room. As soon as she stepped off the last step, she felt a burst of magic as all of the nearby candles and torches were lit at once and illuminated what she hadn't been able to see by wandlight. Piles of corpses and human skeletons scattered throughout the room. Some hanging from the ceiling in shackles. And then, in the center of the runes, a wash of black like a visible miasma formed into an old woman wrapped in moth-eaten shawls. She peered at Hermione from behind stringy grey strands, and smiled with several missing teeth. " ðês uferian êower?" she stated, tilting her head forward in a severe fashion. Hermione took another unsteady step into the room, and the old woman's body dissolved into black and reformed as an attractive young man, his eyes bright blue and his hair dark and curling. " Canne yfel ædan êower?" he asked, licking his lips in obvious anticipation. Hermione froze and attempted to take in the room. The walls were made of carved limestone, but were cracking at the surface. Rune settings and wards were wrapped with care around the man, but there was an obvious weathering around the corners, and a couple runes were barely there at all. The room was covered in dust, and the state of the corpses seemed to be suspended; from the smell, none of them seemed to be actively decomposing. The man seemed to be scrutinizing her just as intently, noting the wand pointed in his direction and the wary, grim set to her face. "Salazar âsendan êower?" Her eyes snapped to his at that. Salazar? How old was this room? How did she get here? The hairs on the back of her neck started to stand, and she had to stop herself from hyperventilating. She didn't recognize all of the runes, but she recognized the placement. Similar patterns existed in grimoires that detailed how to bind demons. Hermione started and accidentally took another step forward as loud thuds thrashed against the door at the top of the stairs. The doorknob rattled, but Hermione was looking forward in horror. Her foot had accidentally stepped on some runes while she was trying to balance herself, and she felt herself being sucked forward. The young man was now a little girl, no more than six, wearing a sick grin with eyes that glittered in triumph. " Wæcnan," the girl stated imperiously, wriggling her fingers is a come hither motion. Hermione tore herself away, even as she felt her very essence begin to seep away from her body into the cracks in the floor. She flew up the stairs, and the door tore open. Sybill Trelawney stumbled down the stairs, an old woman with glazed, blind eyes and crooked teeth underneath periwinkle gauze. " Blood need be spilt, and hands grasped if this castle is to remain intact. Divisions mended and hostility broken, as four united the words are spoken. Caution be warned of this tale, of those the devourer inhales. Souls remain lost, adrift in the curse, their bodies to rot and magic aspersed ." Hermione missed a step as she reared back in surprise, and shrieked, falling into a black shroud. And then she shrieked and pain erupted as she was stretched and shredded, losing herself in the dark amidst never-ending screams and wails… Hermione started awake, the last of her screams echoing off of Hogwart's stone walls. She looked across the room, chest heaving, and could not stop herself screaming again as a figure moved across the room towards her bed. She reached under her pillow for her wand, and just barely stopped herself from crying out when she felt it was missing. She frantically looked over the side of the bed, saw it had rolled a few feet underneath, and grabbed it in desperation. By the time she had it grasped in her fist, swinging it around brashly, the image of a curious young Dark Lord had vanished. Instead she saw her irritated and cranky housemates looking over at her in exasperation. Hermione took a few deep breaths, gave them a quick apology, and flicked her wand at the curtains. She spent the rest of the night awake, tensing at every creak and groan, repeating the instructions to various Potions in her head. She tried very hard not to remember what she was fairly sure was a prophesy from her dreams. To be continued... A/N : I would like to apologize for my inadequate attempts at reproducing credible Old English. Please bear with me- I am doing research and trying to learn. To those that are curious, the title means Soul Devourer. Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter or any of its franchises. Unfortunately.