you." Hermione crumpled on the ground, sobbing, knowing he had made up his mind for her sake and cursing herself for being the cause of his end. He didn't deserve this end, and her heart wept as it realised her friend would be gone. Forever. Hermione sobbed, her tears washing the floor of the balcony with her grief. It didn't matter that she was already dead. Even dead, she was losing what she cared the most for. Even dead, had she lost the one she loved. As the warmth of the sun, which had so often brought her comfort, warmed her body, she still felt empty, desolate, and colder than she had ever been. The grey, lifeless ash blew by her hands. A soft touch lay upon her head, so familiar and warm. She looked up to see a tall, pale-faced man with oily black hair falling about his face. His Roman, aquiline nose framed by the curtains of painfully familiar raven locks. Deep black eyes stared into her face. "Did you mean," he asked in a whisper. "What you said?" Hermione's mouth worked up and down silently, for once not having words to say. "Harumph," Severus said, clearing his throat. "For once when I would like you to say something, you seem to have nothing to say." Hermione threw her arms around his neck, pulled his head down, and planted a kiss straight on his mouth. As they parted, Severus tenderly brushed the hair from her face. "I suppose that will do." Hermione smacked his chest and sobbed into his robes, clinging to him. "Don't ever leave me like that again." Severus soothed her head with his hand. "I fear you are quite stuck with me, my darling," he said with a dry snort. "You are my anchor, after all." Hermione looked around and realised that all of Azkaban was now bright and filled with sunlight. The walls were white and growing with vines and beautiful flowers. The sea was perfectly calm and a glorious azure blue— "What happened to this place?" "This is the real Azkaban," Severus said. The prison is a mere shadow of the true reality." "But how?" Snape touched her cheek. "It was waiting until you were ready to see all of it— instead of a room." "But you can stay with me, right?" Hermione said, her hand squeezing his. "Try and stop me, love," Severus answered, sealing the promise with a tender kiss. The spiders on the balcony cheered, jumping up and down and raising their legs in celebration. " Hooray!" " At last!" " Welcome home!" Harry Potter woke up and found a book staring at him. Literally. "Rrrr?" the book said. Its cover opened exposing a bunch of paper teeth, but unlike the infamous Monstrous Book of Monsters , it did not try to take off his face, one papercut at a time. Harry patted the book on the spine, and it purred, opening itself up to a marked page. Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, And sorry I could not travel both And be one traveller, long I stood And looked down one as far as I could To where it bent in the undergrowth; Then took the other, as just as fair, And having perhaps the better claim, Because it was grassy and wanted wear; Though as for that the passing there Had worn them really about the same, And both that morning equally lay In leaves no step had trodden black. Oh, I kept the first for another day! Yet knowing how way leads on to way, I doubted if I should ever come back. I shall be telling this with a sigh Somewhere ages and ages hence: Two roads diverged in a wood, and I— I took the one less travelled by, And that has made all the difference. Thanks, Harry. Please don't worry about me anymore. I'm happy. Tell your children I love them dearly. I love you, Hermione P.S. I loved the cake. Harry touched the page on the book, noting how the ink smeared, still too fresh to be have been left long ago. He smiled a genuine smile. "I love you too, Hermione. Be happy." He closed the book and cuddled it to his chest, his eyes closing as the book's happy purr lulled him back to sleep. Far, far away, in a garden of the likes none in the living world had ever seen, Hermione and Severus danced together in the radiant sunlight, cheek-to-cheek, hand in hand, arms in arms. They glided as one like spectres, but their faces were serene. Everywhere their feet touched, flowers grew, and plants flourished. The marbled, shimmering walls of the real Azkaban glittered and shone in the sun. And for as long as the world existed, so did they. Wayward souls would find themselves there, unsure where to go or even who they were. And perhaps, for a time, they stayed with this couple, who seemed content to share their peaceful paradise if only for a time. There, souls would meet other souls and find themselves in each other, then wander off into the world to make their very own paradise. But as for this couple— the two that had started it all— the leys protected them as it did their home, as it had always done and always would. Fin. Spiders shuffle in with a box of tissues. " Tissues?" " Need one?" " Maybe two?" " We have a box, please feel free to take one!" Bucket stumbles in, bumbling his way into the tissue box. The other spiders sigh, rubbing their heads with their legs before prying the bucket off his head. " Come on, Bucket!" " Time to draw the bath!" The spiders scurry off, drawing the curtains closed on another story. A/N: It was a happy ending, I SWEAR! *sob* Please thank the Dragon and the Rose for staying up past her bedtime for the publishing of this story. Praise her!