lost in each other for the next few hours. They finally fell asleep, wrapped in each other's arms, in front of the dying embers. Hermione had transfigured her school robes into a large green blanket that lay across their naked bodies. The next morning (The Library's private study room) Opening her eyes slowly, she looked straight into the cool grey eyes of the man she - oh, wow! "Morning, Granger," he whispered, leaning down to brush his lips gently against her cheek. His arms were still around her, holding her close. She blushed as flashes tore through her mind; they had been attentive and very considerate towards each other for most of the night as they endeavoured to 'get to know each other better'. What would happen now? She panicked. As Hermione tried to prise herself away from his arms, he held her tightly to him. "Not so fast, Hermione," he drawled huskily. She froze. He'd never used her first name before, not even last night. Her eyes widened as she looked up, back to his beautiful eyes. "What?" A whisper, Hermione could hardly speak. She was so sure he was going to tell her that last night had been a mistake and not to tell anyone about it. "Just one question," he continued, "a simple yes or no answer so it should be easy for you." He grinned but she had no idea just how scared he was in that moment. What if she thought last night was a mistake and they were never to speak about it again? Taking a deep breath, Draco continued, "Well, now you know how I really feel about you, how I've felt about you for a very long time...Hermione." He said it again, it sounded wonderful. "S0...will you be my witch?" He cringed inwardly. Merlin, that sounded cheesy! Well, it was out now; there was no going back. Draco anxiously studied the different emotions as they played across her face - shock, disbelief, incredulity - did she just smirk? "But you hate me, Malfoy, and I hate you. Surely, what happened last night was just years of tension building up until we either fucked like rabbits or killed each other," she sighed, "do you even fancy me?" Please, please, please... "Yes," he replied, without hesitation. "Wh - what?" "I said yes. Yes, I do fancy you, more than fancy you, you crazy witch," he responded. He untied his arms from her waist and sat up, pulling her up with him. She covered her breasts with the blanket as she turned to face him. Green looks fucking hot on her, he noted before he spoke. "Just be quiet and hear me out for a second, would you please? I know it'll be hard for you but please, let me finish," he asked her in a slightly mocking, teasing tone. Hermione waved a hand in front of her for him to continue as her other hand imitating pulling a zip across her mouth. The blanket slipped slightly. Hermione placed both of her hands back in his and waited for him to speak again. Draco took a deep breath. "Ok, well...since we signed that stupid treaty, I had to find other things to consider - apart from how to get a rise out of you and initiate an argument every time I saw you. I found that I'd been thinking about you so much that I didn't really have anything else going on up here," he said, taking his hand and tapping it against his head. "There's only so much school work I can, or want to, agonize over so it got me thinking. It was you in my head, even it was only to figure out new ways to outsmart and humiliate you." He looked at her sheepishly. "It was only you." He continued quickly, before she could reply. "Do you know what conclusion I came to? It's because I do fancy you." There was a lot more to it, but it was too soon. "Don't get me wrong; you irritate the shit out of me with your bossy attitude, your know-it all-ways, that hair, the mangy orange thing you call a cat, not to mention your absolute stubbornness and refusal to back down. Plus the fact that you've always got to be right but, besides all that Hermione, I've also realised that you're beautiful - in an alluring, gracious, old-school kind of beauty; it makes me wonder why I haven't noticed it before. It was always there, hiding behind that nest you call hair and those buck teeth you had when we were younger." She huffed at him and narrowed her eyes. As romantic conversations go... "Don't panic, there's a point to all this," he laughed, "I also realised, that apart from your beauty, you're intelligent beyond words, you're loyal, you have a wicked sense of humour, and you're just someone I - I want to be with." Hermione's heart was hammering inside her chest, listening to him. All this time, she'd admired him, wanted him, prayed for him to notice her - he felt the same! All this time! She found herself a little disappointed that they had wasted so much time but, here he was, saying everything she had yearned to hear. "Yes, Draco," she drawled, moving her hands up to cup his face. "I'll be your witch, I've wanted so badly to be your witch." She beamed up at him and he let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. He pressed his lips gently to her, smiling after a moment. "Can't wait to see their faces when we tell Blaise and Ginny." Hermione laughed; Ginny was going to kill them both. "By the way, Hermione? Happy Valentine's Day," he announced, noticing the calendar on the wall behind her head. Ironic or what? "And to you, Draco," she replied, coyly. "Would you like your present now?" "Definitely," he answered, pulling them both back down on the rug together. Fin