had a foul odour around it. Since nothing seemed to be in the chair Jasmine looked underneath it. What was there made her want to vomit. There was something that looked like a newborn baby curled up underneath the seat. Even the phrase 'looked like' was inadequate. Yes, it was as small as a newborn baby, but its features were way too thin. It was also lacking a nose, and when she finally looked it in the eyes Jasmine knew in an instant what, or rather who this was. "Is this Voldemort?" Jasmine asked in a tentative voice. "Yes, and no. It is the smallest piece of his soul. Dumbledore would have you believe that it sought out the 'only living thing it could find', but that would be wrong." Jasmine raised an eyebrow quizzically. "It sought you out because of the remnant of Voldemort's magic on you. The scar will remain with or without this thing inside your skin." Jasmine shuddered at that. "So, I no longer have a connection to Voldemort?" "Yes, but some of his power will remain within you. Consider it my gift to you for having to fight off his corruption every moment of your life for the last twelve years. I would also implore you to seek out the solution to this issue laid unnecessarily upon you. There is a way you can prove this conversation took place, and it lies within the school." Jasmine was mentally jumping for joy but did her best to conceal this. "How can I do that? People would think that I've gone mad?" She asked Death. "There is a device called a Pensieve in the headmaster's office, and with that, you can review memories. I must warn you though. If I were you I would disarm Albus Percival Wulfric Brian before he sees the memory." The woman looked off to her right. "Yes, Albus I know all about your plans." Once she looked back at Jasmine she had a familiar smile on her face. "But know this Jasmine, you must go for you do not belong here." There was a bright flash of light, and the next thing Jasmine knew she was back in the Reapers office. The woman had a sorrowful smile on her face. Jasmine just sat there thinking about the things that had just transpired. On the one hand she was happy, but on the other hand, she was sad. She wished her time with her parents could have stayed just a little bit longer. She thought back to the moment where both of her parents were hugging her. It brought joy to her heart. She wanted to hold on to this memory, and if it was possible she was going to build her own pensieve to keep reliving that moment. After what felt like hours Jasmine asked: "So what now?" "Before we continue I just want to make sure you are ok." When Jasmine nodded her head the Reaper continued. "No, he didn't do anything else." "Wait you mean he had my vault key for nearly a decade and did nothing with it?" Jasmine asked shocked. "That is correct. He may be a bastard but he is at least a magnificent one." The Reaper said this as she flipped through the book that was Jasmine's life. "If you're wondering your family thanks to, your grandfather sits as the third richest magical family in the United Kingdom. You are only beaten by the Blacks and Longbottoms. In that order." "So when I inherited Sirius' wealth?" Jasmine asked with a shaky voice. "Your wealth quadrupled. The Black family predates Merlin. They are nothing more than shrewd business men and women in the end." She looked a little pensive for a moment. "Okay so maybe a few of them over the last few hundred years have been bigoted morons, but hey that bunch led to Sirius and his brother Regulus right?" "I thought Regulus was just trying to save his family?" Jasmine asked. "Yes, and no. When he found out what Riddle had done he was shocked to his core. He took one look at what the man had become and figured if this is what Salazar Slytherin desired he wanted nothing to do with it. He sacrificed himself to save the world." The Reaper closed her book. "Aside from that, I do not think we need to go over anything else. So are you ready to go back to 1993?" Jasmine took a deep breath. Going back this far in time would change everything. She would be back in her male form, and that now irritated her. She had to bear it though. If she wanted to save Hermione and Pansy she had to. Upon closing her eyes Jasmine saw Hermione smiling back at her. She may have a second soulmate but as it stood now there was only one reason she was going back. She was going to do everything within her Power to bring that bastard down before he could do harm to Hermione. "Okay, I'm ready," Jasmine said calmly. "By the way you forgot something." "Oh?" "Ronald is Douche Nozzle 167." The Reaper laughed and snapped her fingers. There was another bright flash of light, and the next thing Jasmine knew she was falling downward at an incredible rate of speed. If she wasn't already 'dead' Jasmine would have been screaming at the top of her lungs. At the moment all she could see was blackness, but it felt really, really cold. Then she felt cold and damp as she fell down through something that seemed to have some form of density to it. Jasmine squinted her eyes trying to see beyond the darkness, but it was quite a while before she could see anything. When she could finally see something she wished she couldn't because she was swiftly approaching the ground. More specifically what looked like the top of Hogwarts castle. Before she could scream Jasmine's world went into blackness once more.