And he wanted to meet with Tom alone. Harry and Tom didn't do alone. Since they'd been dropped into the same crib they'd stayed by one another's sides, and Tom seemed as wary of being hauled off into a private room with this man as Harry was of having him go. Some people wanted orphan kids with no friends or family to look out for them as servants. Some people wanted those kids for something else, and neither Harry nor Tom were naive enough to think the best of strangers. "He says he's got a scholarship for you for some posh public school up in Scotland," Mrs. Cole said impatiently. "Go on now." Tom just crossed his arms and glared at this Dumbledore without moving and, with a frustrated noise Mrs. Cole stomped away, leaving Harry in the room. Dumbledore seemed a bit put out by the entire situation, but said, once the matron had left, "The thing is, Tom, you're a wizard." Tom narrowed his eyes. "I'm a what?" he asked in polite disbelief. "Are you touched?" But Harry could see he was already putting the word wizard together with what they could do and reaching the logical, inevitable conclusion. They weren't alone. There were more people like them, people who knew about them. People who'd left them to rot here. Dumbledore launched into an explanation about this school, named Hogwarts, and that there were rules, and funds for him to get supplies, and that no one who wasn't a wizard could be permitted to know. He went on for quite a while until Tom cut him off, not bothering to be polite. "How do I know you aren't lying?" Dumbledore waved his hand and the wardrobe caught on fire. Tom looked over at Harry. "You do understand," Dumbledore said, "I have been tolerant, but your friend cannot come to Hogwarts, and he will have to be made to forget this conversation." "I'm not going without Harry," Tom said flatly. Dumbledore's smile grew ever so slightly strained, but it was clear he'd had variations on this discussion many times. Children probably often insisted they wouldn't go without their best friend, their sibling, their cousin. In the end, they surely all went. Who would turn down a magical school? "Muggles cannot even see Hogwarts, Tom," he said. "I am not being unkind. Harry will not even be able to see the building, much less attend the school." "Muggles?" Harry asked. "Non-magical people," Dumbledore said. "Harry's magical," Tom said. "If I am, he is too." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "I'm sure you'd like that to be true," he said, "but it isn't. Whenever a magical baby is born in Britain, his or her name is written on a scroll at Hogwarts. Tom Riddle is right there, on the list, and has been since December 31, 1926. There is no Harry born around that time." Tom shrugged but his mouth tightened. "Then your list is wrong." "Tom," Dumbledore began. "Maybe his real name isn't Harry," Tom said. "We only call him that because of the nappies." Dumebledore looked over at Harry who shrugged. "They were probably hand-me-downs," he said, "but someone had stitched the name 'Harry' into the nappies I got dumped here in." He didn't think anyone who'd leave a baby on the doorstep in the middle of the night was the sort to care enough to go embroidering her child's name into anything. His mother hadn't cared about him. That was the one thing he knew in life. That and that he could trust Tom. "Harry Doe, at your service," he said with bitter irony. He didn't even have a surname of his own, just a placeholder. "Harry can talk to snakes too," Tom said. "And when he gets angry - " "When someone threatens you, you mean." " - he can hurt them." The twinkle left Dumbledore's eyes. "Talk to snakes?" he asked. "Too?" "Is that not normal for people like us?" Tom asked. "It is… an unusual gift," Dumbledore hedged. "Often misunderstood." He launched into a lecture about hurting people, and how that was not allowed, and how if they were to do it they'd be summarily kicked out of Hogwarts. Tom and Harry flicked glances at one another. The conversation had gone from the idea that only Tom would go to this school to 'they' had to watch themselves. It was good enough. By the time they shook his hand and promised with all the sincerity they could muster to be good little boys and never contravene any rules at all and golly, they were so chuffed to be able to go to this school, Harry's mouth had started to hurt from forcing a smile. Tom fingered the pouch filled with money they man had left, and the list of things they were to buy. Wands. Books. Cauldrons. Then a magic train to a magic school. If they hadn't spent years making things happen, they'd both think they'd spent an hour with a crazy person. The look of anger that burned low in Tom's eyes would have scared any of the other orphans. Harry just poked at him with one foot. "You mad?" he asked. He knew he was. He was so angry he was surprised the wardrobe hadn't caught fire a second time. "They left us here," Tom said. "You heard the old man. They've known I was here since I was born and they did nothing. Mrs. Cole. Dennis. Not enough food. Nothing new ever. They can burn for all I care." "At least you're on their sodding list," Harry said. "Bugger their list," Tom said. He took Harry's hand in his, a shockingly unusual gesture of solidarity. "Bugger all of them." . . . . . . . . . . A/N - This grew out of a conversation I had with turbulenthandholding, dulce-de-leche-go, and disillusionist9 at MistiCon. I hope you enjoy the horrible wrongness that is dark!Harry and his one true friend, Tom Riddle.