had grew immuned at such smells. He quickly went inside and saw a passedout boy. He grabbed him and quickly went outside. Running towards the hospital wing. "Sarj, How are you feeling?" Severus just entered the wing and he heard 2 people talking. He knows that his presence is not yet known by the two. "General, I'm fine. The injuries that I got . I deserved it. it was very stupid. I had forgotten a set of stirs when I added--" "Sarj.. You are starting to sound like your mother. l am more than happy to see you awake. I heard that you were barely unconcious for two days. And Merlin you are like her always trying to explain everything unnecessarily." Harry mocked. Making the boy snort. "Where is Mom anyway?" He sat his back onto the headboard and Harry helped him. "Oh, she'll be here tomorrow--oh" He frowned when he heard beeps and Harry looked unto his arm.' It's probably a muggle watch. How did it work ? Probably charmed.' He thought "What is it?" The boy asked and put the blanket just below his waist. "Its already seven. I have to go. You know how it is in the Ministry." Harry shuffled the boys hair and the boy closed his eyes iritatingly. "I know. I know. They need you." The boy said while trying to comb his hair using his hands. "Sorry, sarj. I'll come with your mother tomorrow! so cheer up." "Fine. Oh and say hi to Uncle ron and Aunt Ginny for me!" Wait. That doesn't make any sense. Who is this boy's mother then? Surely potter wouldn't have any affairs? "Of,course." It was too late to turn around when he heard footsteps. "Sir!" He sighed when Harry had flashed his smile to him. He adjusted his eye glasses and offered his hand to him. He shook it and glanced towards the boy. The boy frowned at him and looked away. He was still unnerved by Harry's smile. His attitude changed when he had learned his true intentions from the war. He had respected him and oddly been nice to him. "Sarj, you have a visitor. What should you say?" Harry commanded. But no response came. "Sarj..." "Goodevening Professor." He greeted defeatedly. He nodded. "I agree that what you have done is somewhat stupid. But it is also partly my fault for I failed to persuade you in not neglecting my classes. Perhaps if you had continued studying under my supervision. You would never had failed and injured yourself." He uttered calmly. "Well, he is indeed a handful sir. How many points to be deducted then?" "GEN--RAL!" He shouted and sneered. Which made Harry laugh. 'Oh how lovely. Fatherly love.ughh' he thought and sighed. "Yes, Potter. A handful he is. And I think I know where he gets it from." He remarked and smirked. Harry looked at him and laughed. Confusion downed to him from Harry's reaction. That was not what he was expecting. "I believe so sir. I do know where he gets it from." Harry looked at Sarj and winked at him. " You will have detention after classes. I'll talk to Poppy if you are allowed to have them tomorrow.You will be brewing potions that you have missed with...supervision." "But.." "Then perhaps detention with Hagrid or filch would be much better? Hagrid needs help on transferring dung fertilizers for Sprout and Filch needs help in scrubbing--" "Ok ok. I'll go." He sneered and turned his back. "That's settled then, Sir" he paused" Sarj " Harry said and left the room. he sighed. "I'll stay here until. Poppy arrives. I hope that it is not a problem." A mumbled response was given and he took that as a yes. He frowned when the boy flicked his want and the curtains were drawn shot. He settled on the seat two beds across Sergeantine's bed. casting a non verbal the curtains slowly opened and he noticed the boys sleeping form. he slept weirdly he slept with his chest into the bed, his hair was draped sideways along his face. his left hand was twisted unto his back, right hand was dangling sideways from the bed and mouth slightly opened from a quiet snore. 'That doesn't look like a very comfortable position at all' He thought. An image quickly came to his mind. He had said the same to someone who resembled the position. 'Granger.' He thought. "Severus, thank you for staying--" Standing up jerkely he strided quickly down his dungeons. Making poppy confused from his rude gesture. He ordered an elf to post a note on his door. As to hold up any disturbance. He counted months and "Bollocks" He remembered that night. Bollocks. He had speculated for over 3 hours and everything clicked on its place. He had been arguing to himself but every thought that he had been thinking about just returns to his conclusion. "Shite." Why would Hermione keep something like this... and suddenly it's Hermione again? bollocks He closed his eyes and summoned a glass of Firewhisky. : Hermione scrambled to her feet when a Floo call had caught her attention. "Yes, I'll come tomorrow! I do hope he's alright." She sighed and arranged her schedule. "He saved him." She closed her eyes. I will see him again. "Harry!! Don't tell me you went to Hogwarts without me?" "Sorry Hermione, i was worried too and you know that parents are called first. Well only legally of course. Sorry." He hugged Hermione and she hugged him back. "Snape saved him. Don't you think that it's time to tell him everything?" "He wouldn't remember a thing Harry. I obliviated him." She shrugged and crossed his arms. "He doesn't need to remember. He just needs to know." He cupped her face and pinched her nose. "and uhmmmn" he backed away slowly. "Uhhmmmn, Sarj knows already." "What? YOU TOLD HIM WHAT?" Harry ran for his life and went to the closest apparition spot and apparated away.