anything - everything - to have you back." Harry's nails cut into his palms, his own muscles quaking, and he could feel his heart in his throat, strangling him. A helpless sound (not a sob, surely) came from his mouth, and his eyes burned with unshed tears. He couldn't bear this. He had to leave. -o- Thirteen years (give or take a few months). That was how long Snape had been living with his regret, his sorrow. 'It isn't long enough,' Harry thought. He felt no satisfaction. -o- Thirteen years (give or take a few months). No amount of remorse could bring his mother back. She was gone, gone forever. Harry hadn't even really known her. Not really. Thirteen years was a long time to suffer. Thirteen years could leave a man as little more than a husk. Snape had said that Harry was nothing like his mother. Was it true? Was the only trace of her left behind something so superficial as his eyes? The lingering protective magic she granted him? Was he so shallow a legacy? What would Lily have done? Harry didn't know her. He could acknowledge that much. Would Lily have sat and watched while Snape withered away? These days, Dumbledore's eyes didn't twinkle when he looked at Snape. Harry wasn't sure why he noticed. Lily was a person who loved. Her strength was her capacity to love. Her love protected him. Did Harry have that much love in his own heart? Even for those that hurt him the most? -o- He was studying the Marauder's Map again, watching that solitary dot, scenario after scenario playing out in his mind. He would read that abhorrent name, whispering every curse that he knew. He could vividly picture the brutal effects, the North Tower steps staining with black blood, filling the air with its coppery scent. He played out every dark fantasy, until he felt hollowness instead of longing. He played out every fantasy until he started to think of what would come after. A path of emptiness, a heart scraped out. He began to see, to slowly admit, at least to himself, that no punishment he inflicted upon Snape would be worse than what Snape was already doing to himself, dragging himself doggedly towards death. Would Lily have been satisfied? -o- Harry found himself back at the base of the North Tower, in Lilian's - in Lily's - skin. He wasn't certain of what he was doing. His instincts more than his mind guided him. He knew that Snape would already be there. He knew that what he was doing had nothing to do with saving the man's life. After all, Snape was Dumbledore's man, and Dumbledore wouldn't let Snape die, even if he had to force-feed him, even if he had to resort to other means to keep the man's body healthy, as healthy as it could be, while Snape's heart bled itself dry. Snape might have a layer of flesh over his bones, but he had eyes of a dead man. He was, once again, sitting with his elbows on his knees, obsidian eyes pinned to some point on the stone floors. "Severus." The name slipped out before Harry could think, a susurrus that hung between them, coiling like smoke. Snape lifted his head, and everything he had done in his past was marked on his face, and everything Lily had done in the past was seared in his eyes, and Harry realized then that Snape had suffered enough. He was as sure of it as he was of who he was, and he suddenly knew that he had more of his mother than just his eyes. She was in him, an inextricable part of who he was. Snape couldn't meet his - her - eyes. "Lily. You came back." His head was bowed, awaiting punishment, awaiting condemnation, not even steeling himself for it. Here was a man already in hell, and it was Lily who had the power to keep him there forever. What would Lily do. What would Harry do. 'Love is the strongest power there is.' Where had he heard that? Were they his mother's words? Dumbledore's? "Severus." It wasn't strange to hear his name with her voice. Snape looked up at him - her - then. Here was a man completely devoid of hope, who could not stop himself from responding to her call. Lily was gone forever, but she still lived in Harry, and through Harry. And he didn't know who spoke, when he spoke, but did it matter? It wasn't in his heart to carry hate, and it wasn't in hers either. He felt this to be true. "I forgive you." Disbelief. "Lily?" "I forgive you." Harry couldn't bear to look upon the other man's face and see the disbelief there, the bald astonishment. He couldn't bear to meet those eyes and see another man's soul flayed open. He turned away, steps hurried, as Snape called out: "Wait!" voice hoarse, and achingly desperate. Snape's hand stretched out, as if needing to know if the person before him was a tangible being, was more than just the product of a guilt-ridden mind, but he met with only the caress of air from the swirl of robes. Harry was already rounding the corner as he whispered: "Good bye." Lily was gone, Lilian was gone. And Harry's heart was as heavy as it was light, but he wasn't alone. She was with him, and she would be with him, always, in the hard road to come. A/N: Thanks for reading! For a one-shot, this took way too long to write... I've been suffering a bit of a block lately. But the first scene just popped into my head, and I had to get it out, even if this story is a bit...cruel? I feel like this story isn't particularly unique, so if there is another story that is similar, it's purely coincidental 'Love is the strongest power there is.' - J.K. Rowling