fire. He burrows deeper and lets her dry his tears, salt-heat on his cheeks and scorching kisses on his forehead. "I love you, too, mum." An eternity passes. The sound of fabric rustling reminds him that there is another person near. Harry stays curled in his mother's lap but tilts his head to study the man that is not quite his father. His thoughts must be transparent. "I'm not your biological father despite the similarities between us, but I've poured so much of myself in you, that it doesn't matter." Fondness in his slanted eyes, in the pads of his fingers as they map the ridged bolt of tissue above his brow. "Bonds are important, Harry, however they come to be." Harry leans into the soothing touch and sighs. Yes …it doesn't matter. What matters is— "This isn't a dream, is it? Why couldn't I meet you before if you are—" Dead . But not what he wants to say. So he just smiles. "Always with you?" Harry's smile is met with a mirthful hum and a glint of challenge. "It is the other way around. You shouldn't have met us at all, and you wouldn't have, if your mother and I hadn't…come to an accord." Harry's smile broadens even as his brows knit. Talking with this man is equally fun and frustrating. He teases and baits with little morsels of knowledge until Harry reaches the right conclusion. "You are the reason that I…changed?" "In part." A quirk of lips is his reward, a mixture of pride and ruefulness, and Harry flushes with delight. "You were always a clever child, and in time, you would have developed the kind of shrewdness needed to survive in such a hostile environment. Resilient children learn to be resourceful given the right motivation—I would know." He laughs then, his laughter pleased, if a bit bitter. Thinking back on all the bouts of meticulous scheming and cool, precise calculation, food pilfered into the night and bullies exposed by their own hand, Harry understands. "But you and mum helped me." "You were never alone. It is a wondrous feat of magic that resides inside you." His grim reverence, the blood-rust in his eyes, how he accents that word are grave truths. Magic shadows his aunt's nightmares, nourishes her false-images of alcoholics and car crashes. Disharmony— she lies —a haunting echo resonating— take me instead —wisps of fire looping and tightening around his chest and stomach. A sob. His mouth fills with ash and slow-chocking sorrow. "Is that why she died, to be with me?" "It was what she chose." He stares at him quietly, closely, red, red eyes and an immutable, ruthless reality, and when he speaks again, his tone is stripped of emotion. "I came for you that night. I killed your father because he stood in my way, but nobody killed your mother. Her choice took her life before the curse left my wand. My choice…it cost me one slice of my soul and this bond." Something passes through his eyes but it is void, void in dark-hungry eyes, void under history and magic cresting endlessly. "After that, there are not many choices. Rejection for all of us—or assimilation. We could be birthed anew, if you wanted." Harry stills. This bond, this touch, this man he cherishes, he— not quite his father . He doesn't wear the face of a murderer…his dad's murderer. Why—why take his dad's face for his own? Why then tell him? Whywhywhy — Mind spinning, turning, reeling, pitch-black behind his eyelids. Just…just don't…don't ask…don'twanttoknow . The blaze of his mother's presence licks his throat, breathes fire into voice gone frail with doubt. "Is that what you and mum agreed?" An inscrutable expression has spread over the stark angles of the man's face, but he dips his chin all the same. Maybe, maybe he too, wants to pretend. "She holds the power to cast me out—that was her purpose, the reason her magic still lingers in your blood." What goes unspoken, what is being implied… devastates . Lightheaded, breath caught inside his lungs, and yet thought has never been more clear. "You mean that…she will leave me either way." Harry sucks in another breath, stalling despite all futility, as if the puzzle isn't already rearranged, waiting for the final piece to be slid into place. "And what you said before…you meant that we wouldn't have met if I didn't have to decide. So…here we are." One last indrawn breath, and he takes the leap. "Why do you even want to…complete this bond? What would happen to you?" The man smiles, sharpness peeking through, and it is boon, and entreaty. "This is but the final step of a process that has already begun. If you reject me, I will perish. All that I have ever been will become nothing. There are still parts of me tethered to this world, but they are…corrupted, drunk on mad ambitions and gone too far. They are not what I should be ." A soul-tearing stare, and Harry is overwhelmed by the implacable force that is his nature. "You could become that. You can become that . A second chance, if you will." You will leave me, too. The insinuation hangs between them like fate, tenebrous and preordained, divine intentions imposed upon the children of men. "You want to live…even if it is through me? What if I don't—don't become what you want?" There is that slant of smiling eyes again, that tender press of fingers on rune-carved skin. "It doesn't matter." From the beginning, Harry has known, that it has never been pretense. No lies in open souls. "All right." Calm washes over him as resolve settles deep in his bones. "What happens now?" His father laughs. "Now we sleep." Laughter in tandem with three heartbeats— sleep , my darling —a halcyon, fluttering rhythm— hush, my baby— dissolving in fire and white emptiness. Harry James Potter wakes up on his eighth birthday knowing terrible, great love.