was becoming clearer. The court was to be adjourned for lunch break and was to come back to session in two hours. The little family left to a little French restaurant close by and had a rather quiet lunch, thinking about what the outcome would be. Sirius broke the silence towards the end. "Shacklebolt told me we have a chance to talk to him if he is to be sentenced to life in Azkaban." The twins nodded and looked at each other. "Oh yeah…we have something to say to him." *~*~*~*:*~*~*~* "Raise your hand if in favor of life in Azkaban?" All of the Wizengamot members raised their hands. Pettigrew was sentenced to life in Azkaban for murder, assault on a minor and the court room went into a loud frenzy. Many were relieved but not like the Potter twins or their guardians. Harry felt like something was lifted off his soul, feeling rather light and the twins gave their father's hand a squeeze. The loud smack of the gavel could heard over the loud chattering and the sounds died down once again. Shacklebolt cleared his voice and looked towards Sirius. "Do you and your family want to say something to Mr. Pettigrew?" Sirius gave a stiff nod and stood up with the rest of his family stand up with him; Remus second, Harry third and Annabelle fourth. They filed onto the court floor and stood in front of the shivering man who has long since lost the effects of the veritaserum. He let out a rat like squeak and tried to curl up into a little ball but Sirius wasn't having any of it. He hoisted the smaller man by the collar and punched a hard one on his stomach before letting him drop to the floor in pain. "James trusted you! We trusted you! And how dare you call Lilly a whore! She was your friend, a confidant!" Sirius was panting from the amount of yelling he was doing and he began pacing back and forth with one hand on his hip while he combed through his curly black hair with the other. "I should have never had switched with you. Look what you did to me! I lost 13 years of my life because of you! I could have used that time to look after Harry and Annabelle but no I had to suffer for your mistakes!" Fresh tears had begun to drip down his cheek as he continued to rant. He stopped pacing and took deep breaths to calm down. "What I don't understand is how you end up being a Gryffindor. You've always been a coward, following the three of us around like a dog and hiding like a rat when things got too complicated." He said with a sneer as he gave the smaller man a kick on the stomach as a parting gift before he stood with his fiance. The twins took this chance to step forward, wanting to take a turn on Pettigrew. A soft hiss came out from Harry's lips, making everybody's spines shiver. Pettigrew became paler then usual and slowly backed away, his beady eyes became wider with fright. "Y-You can still speak it?" Harry let out a dark chuckle at the unamusing situation. "Of course I can. You see Wormtail, ever since I got my scar, I could always speak to snakes and understand them. So I guess you can say my brain has…adapted to it." Pettigrew was shaking so badly, he could barely keep himself up right as he crawled back until his back hit the wall, just in time to hear Harry hiss again in Parseltongue. (You're going to suffer just like my father did but tenfold.) Annabelle raised her wand up and began muttering a spell as her hand began doing complicated patterns in the air. Pettigrew quickly squeezed his eyes closed, expecting something painful was going to come but when few minutes pass with nothing, he slowly opened his eyes and let out a little shriek. Snakes of big proportion were all around him, some was on his leg and some were flashing their fangs at him. Suddenly the snakes starts attacking him, biting him with their poisonous fangs to have his wraith in pain. In reality, there was no snakes at all. All everybody could see was a full grown man screaming bloody murder to take them away and writhing from invisible pain. Shacklebolt made a final motion with his hand and the two men that brought him in came back to take him to Azkaban where he belong. With a final smack of the gavel, the trial was done. Sirius and Remus quickly left the room with twins before the journalist could attack them with questions. Once they were out in the open, Sirius could keep it in anymore. "What did you do Pettigrew?" Annabelle flashed them a sly grin. "I placed a spell on him that locks him in this place in his own mind which can only be released by me. I had snakes be in there with him and right now they are attacking him. They will stop for a little bit and will start up again." Sirius had a proud look as well as shock. "Where did you get your hands on that spell? That's very advanced magic" Remus asked this time, his face lined with worry. Annabelle smile which seemed to not ease his mind. "I found it in one of father's family books in the library." Remus turned to glare at Sirius with his hands on his waist, who shrunk away a little from the look of something similar to Molly. "Sirius I told you to keep them away from those books. They could have dark magic in them. When we get home you're going to throw them away. Come on pups." He said as he gently pulled them away by their hands, leaving their father to whine behind them. "But Remy I can't throws those away!"