last night had been, well, nothing short of brilliant. In sheer panic, she'd somehow instinctively thrown out a shield charm as opposed a water-jet or a useless lumos as she generally tended to do. She'd even done such a good job of it that Rosier's curse had deflected with fearsome strength. They'd both gone flying, and books had been caught by the reflected spell. If she hadn't been stunned and practically unconscious, she would have done a jig. She must have made a funny face, because Professor Vector, the beautiful young Arithmancy teacher asked her if she was feeling alright. "Oh, er y-yes," Florence stammered. "Er. It's very delicious. The pudding." She could have smacked herself in the head, and she smiled weakly at Professor Vector, who gave her a little nod. She turned away, feeling dreadfully stupid, and only straightened her spine when she caught Evan Rosier smirking out of the corner of her eye. "Bloody twat," she mumbled under her breath. For three days, the dreary cleaning routine continued as it had on that first day, though the novelty of finding new trinkets had quickly lost its charm. True to his word, the Beast inspected their findings every morning and took what he thought to be of value, before barking at them to get back to work. It was exhausting work, and the children worked in silence, uninterested in anything the other had to say and too tired to argue anyway. It was on the fourth day, however, that things took an unexpected twist. The Beast had died. The news was announced over breakfast by a very solemn Professor Dumbledore. It seemed that the old caretaker had fallen victim to what appeared to be a very ordinary heart-attack. Florence and Rosier the Younger instinctively exchanged wide-eyed glances, and then silently berated themselves for doing so. A Ministry man and a healer came by to deal with the remains, which the students never got to see. Within hours, the Daily Prophet updated itself to announce the sudden death of the Minister of Education's half-brother, one Eleazar St-Clair. That the Beast should be called Eleazar St-Clair was surprising. That he should be related to somebody Important was even more surprising. But then again, Florence thought, as she made her way to the Room, it certainly made a lot of sense as to why the Beast had never been fired. She was irritated, though not at all astonished, to find Evan Rosier already in the Room. Since their eyes had met across the breakfast table during Dumbledore's announcement, she had known this face-off was to come. "I want this room," Rosier announced after a terse moment of silence. "Well so do I," she replied. If he thought she would be bullied into giving up these findings, he'd lost his mind. They argued for about ten minutes, their voices escalating until it occurred to them at the exact same instant that they had yet to receive their wands back, and thus a duel was out of the question. "I'm not giving it up," Florence repeated tiredly for the hundredth time in a minute. "You might as well accept that so we can move on and clean up this room properly." "I could obliviate you the second I get my wand back," Rosier retorted, though even he seemed worn out by the useless row. "Yeah right. And look how well that turned out for you the other night," Florence snickered. "I'd just reflect it, and you'd be the obliviated one," she bluffed. His nostrils flared and his eyes flashed angrily, but she swept past him towards the exit with her nose in the air. "I'm getting my wand, now that this is all settled," she tossed over her shoulder. "Nothing's been settled, you mudblood bitch!" She scowled and swiveled around to glare at him. "Well fuck you too, you cousin-kissing mummy's boy of a neandrathal! I bet you're so inbred you were born with a tail." This was not the most original of insults, but it apparently did the trick because Rosier's face went suddenly very blank. This was heaps more frightening than when he'd been visibly angry. Florence flinched as he marched towards her in three very stiff, very deliberate steps. She backed away instinctively, and found herself hitting a post. "Say that again," he said in a very cold, toneless voice as he suddenly reached out and grabbed her by the chin. This was beginning to become a bad habit, and she shook him off with a violent shove. He pushed her back into the post by the shoulders. "Go on," he goaded her. "I dare you." "Not like you're going to hit me, are you?" she snapped, sounding much braver than she felt. She had no idea where it came from, all this animosity and vigour. She didn't usually speak this much, except to her friends Neil and Will... but something about Rosier roused her temper unlike anybody else she'd ever met at Hogwarts. Even the girls in her dorm didn't quite do the same thing. They got her angry, but it was a cool, smouldering sort of anger. Rosier made her hot with rage and false bravado. Realizing how stupid this all was, she pushed past him again and dodged him when he tried to push her back into the post. "You're mad if you think I'm going to stand around playing stupid games with you all day," she said, determined to get the last word. "Since you bloody want the room just as badly as I do, we'll have to split it. I'm going to go fetch my wand now. You can go fuck yourself." And with that, she shoved the portrait door open and carefully jumped stepped out onto the stairs, avoiding the trick one directly in front of the entrance. She slammed the portrait behind her to Rosier's cursing and ran down the stairs, laughing to herself as she disappeared into the depths of the school.