you manage to find love here and it was the intention of the potion you could perhaps stay." Dumbledore looked resigned. "Love is a powerful magic. Very powerful indeed. I find myself accepting that its power has allowed you to do the impossible and go back in time and yet not cause a paradox. However, after Professor Slughorn and I take a look at your memory of your process and compare it with the ritual instructions we may be able to pinpoint whether it was a mistake or intentional. And still... I am suggesting we should wait until after this point before allowing the boy to join Hogwarts classes." "Who was it that discovered you past curfew?" Dippet asked. "Winifred Vance and Tom Riddle." Dippet shook his head. "You won't be getting anything past those two. I'm afraid the damage has been done and we would raise less questions to allow him a quiet life as a student then to wait until much later. If the ritual was correctly performed than the boy is here with reason. If it was incorrectly performed, he may not be able to go home anyway, and I can not in good conscience allow him to life holed up in Hogwarts walls simply to allow the timeline the least amount of disturbance." Dumbledore simply closed his eyes in defeat. Dippet clapped. "That looks like we are all settled then. Now for the matter of logistics. What shall be your name and year?" Harry made an 'o' with his mouth. "I am a seventh year... I told Winnie and Riddle that my name was Harium." Slughorn gave a barking laugh. "Let's just keep it Harry, for now but for official announcements I can be 'Harium.' I'm not sure about my last name." Dippet closed his eyes as if thinking. "We will give you the surname Key. They are an old Wizarding family that died a while ago. It is well known that they had a series of squib children – quite a scandal – before disappearing from British high society and being discovered dead in Norway. It will give you enough to allow you to function with the other purebloods but without raising too many questions about your parentage and why you were not at Hogwarts from the start. We will say that Albus found you in a minor counterattack against the – who were they? The other week? The Grindelwald spies?" "The attack on the Amsels?' "Yes. That it was kept hush-hush but you had been kept as prisoner but now that we have cleaned you up you are now attending a proper school." "Wouldn't Grindelwald supporters know?" Harry asked. "Nonsense. The Amsels were spies and were notorious for keeping lots of secrets. It will be fine." Dippet nodded. Harry supposed that made sense. The only people who would have really known were already dead it seemed. "Now, I shall turn in for the evening. Good night, Albus, Horace." And Dippet left Dumbledore's office. "I will see you soon, ah, Mr. Harium Key." And Slughorn also took his leave. "Oh, uh, Professor Dumbledore," Harry pulled his glasses from his pocket. "I think one of the potion's effects was to alter my vision. Could you.. could you adjust their prescription?" Harry asked Dumbledore nodded, distracted by a thought it seemed. "Certainly. Put them on, please." Harry put his glasses on his face. "A or B?" Dumbledore asked, reminiscent of an optometrist. "B." "C or D?" "D." And this dialogue went on until they found the correct adjustment. Harry blinked and looked around to make sure everything was alright. When he looked back at Dumbledore, the auburn haired professor was frowning again. "Did you particularly like these glasses?" Dumbledore asked. "Well.." Harry said, not knowing if it would tell too much of his future to reveal his home life. He went with a soft truth. "These were the most inexpensive glasses my guardians could find." Even if the Dursleys could have afforded more. Dumbledore's eyes softened and he tapped the frames of Harry's glasses. Harry didn't notice too much of a change, but he took the glasses off and looked at them. They were rimless glasses. "You have very lovely eyes. These are very fashionable currently, and if you are looking for love, perhaps it will be easier for your partner to find you if you didn't hide them behind those glasses." "Thank you, Professor," Harry said gratefully. It occurred to him that he never asked if he could get his trademark frames changed. "Good night now, Harry. I assume you know your way to the Gryffindor dormitory?" Dumbledore said, expecting Harry to leave. Even if Dumbledore was warming up to Harry the stranger, it seemed Harry was still being tested. That annoyed Harry slightly but he realized he would have done the same in the middle of an active war. "Yes, I know my way, but I don't know the password..." "Ahh, the password is: A brave heart will destroy the dark." And Dumbledore passed him a note to prevent Harry from being stopped by prefects or the caretaker. Thanking Dumbledore again, Harry left. Slightly disoriented at the idea of leaving Dumbledore's office without having to step onto a moving staircase, he headed to his old yet new home. As he walked to Gryffindor Tower, he cursed and hoped everyone would be asleep so he didn't have to explain his presence to anyone this late at night. Please tell me what you think! I can't promise to take every reviewer's suggestions and throw them in, but let me know what you liked so I know which parts I should focus on as I develop the story. This isn't my first fanfic, but it's my first attempt at a long fic and I'd love all the support I can get! My writing needs some work and I apologize for that. I don't write as beautifully as my favorite authors but I'll try my best to entertain you!