to see her rubbing her clit. "Hermione, don't you dare come, you hear me? Hold out, baby, I'll get you there, I promise." She almost cried. She was so close to her orgasm, she desperately needed to come. But she somehow managed to hold off, sucking hard around Draco until he exploded into her mouth, swearing softly as he came down. Hermione swallowed, not particularly liking the taste but looking into his face and seeing the pure rapturous expression made her feel proud. Draco lay her down again and kissed her softly, thanking her again and again. "You ready now, darling? You're going to come for me now, aren't you, my beautiful girl," he said. Hermione mewled and arched up, needing relief. She almost sobbed when he reached down, inserting fingers inside her and rubbing her neglected clit. She knew she wouldn't need much to get off this time. She jerked her hips, Draco stroking her, the pressure tightening in her belly. He rubbed quick circles on her clitoris, and her breath came in short pants, then she was flying, her orgasm consuming her even as Draco kept his fingers inside moving. She hadn't had a chance to fully come down when she cried out, hips shooting off the bed. Draco was looking up at her from between her thighs, his tongue tracing circles on her pussy. His hands came to steady her hips and rubbed at her hipbones. God, the picture of his blond head down there made her even wetter. He moved his tongue in long, languid strokes from bottom to top and Hermione quivered in delight. "You're going to come again for me, sweet girl. You taste so wonderful. This is my pussy, Hermione," he blew on her clit and she twitched, "And it's going to come all over my tongue." He worked his muscle in slow circles around her pulsing clit, lapping at her nub, before taking it in between his lips and sucking. Hermione shrieked and came, clutching Draco to her, riding it out until soft waves of pleasure bathed her. Draco came up again, wiped his mouth on his hand and kissed her. "Circe, you're sexy, Hermione. I love you so much," he said in between coaxing his lips between hers. "I love you too, Draco," sighed Hermione. "Are you ready for me?" He asked, lining himself up with her slit. Hermione nodded, keeping his gaze as he pushed into her. They both groaned at the feeling, she was still clenching gently around him as a result of her two orgasms just before. "Draco," she sighed, bringing her hands to his shoulders. "Move, please." He gladly did, slowly pulling out and pushing in, gaining speed until he was maintaining a steady rhythm. Hermione was gasping beneath him and he clasped her hands, intertwining their fingers and settling them either side of her head. The pressure of her was delicious around his cock and he leaned down to kiss her neck, licking away the salty sweat. He kept up the friction, humming against her skin, keeping the slow pace, making love to his beautiful girlfriend. "You're going to come for me again, aren't you, sweetheart?" Hermione felt a deep coil starting to build, and shuddered against him. "Yes, Draco, yes! I need…" He understood and disentangled one hand, reaching down and caressing her clit. Hermione arched up in ecstasy, close again. "Ah, yes! Right there, Draco, please!" She focused on the feeling in her clitoris as the pleasure rose, Draco's fingers gliding up and down. "Draco, I'm going to come, I'm coming!" She exploded yet again, her mind going blank, her walls pulsing around his cock, and she collapsed against the pillows. Draco clenched his teeth in a desperate attempt not to come, and smirked when Hermione realised that he was still hard. "Still got it, baby, don't worry," he grinned down at her pretty, flushed face. He pulled out and flipped her around, arranging her onto her hands and knees. Stroking her back gently, he entered her again, but this time setting a punishing pace. Hermione suddenly felt the deeper angle and quick thrusts and started moaning, pushing back against him with every snap of his hips. This was fucking, raw after their sweet time earlier. Her walls were sensitive, and she could feel all of him against her with every stroke. "Baby, you're going to come again, aren't you?" Draco ground out into her ear. "No Draco, I can't. I-" She gasped when his hand came around to find her clit, now extremely sensitive. Was he mad? She'd just come three times in a row! "You can, darling. Trust me. I'm going to get you there," soothed Draco, even as he increased the pace of his thrusts and pressed tight circles into her clit. Hermione was moaning steadily, impossibly another pressure was building within her. He continued with his fast pace and laving her clit, pushing Hermione closer to the edge. "Draco! I'm close, I, please!" She was begging incoherently, her clitoris and pussy stimulated beyond control. Draco was reaching his peak, and brought his other hand to her breast, kneading roughly. "Come for me, Hermione!" He simultaneously pinched her clit and nipple and Hermione crested, experiencing an intense orgasm that seemed to continue and continue. "Draco, oh god, Draco!" Draco's cock was being milked and his pace faltered, his hips jerking quickly as he came. "Hermione!" he groaned as he shot into her, before pulling out and cradling her body against his prone form on the bed. They were both breathing heavily and sweating, the sheets knotted around them. Hermione raised her head slightly, tilting his chin down so they could press their lips together in a tender kiss. "I love you, Draco," she breathed. Draco tightened his embrace around her, brushing his lips against her forehead. "I love you too, Hermione," he said. The only sound then was their combined breathing, evening out as they both fell into a deep sleep.