pleaded fervently under his breath as he dashed forward to crouch next to Harry's unmoving body. It didn't take long to ascertain that Harry was still alive; his breathing was shallow but it was steady and Draco let out a breath of relief. "Are you alright to Apparate him to St. Mungo's?" Blaise asked with quiet concern, coming up beside them. Draco's gaze didn't leave Harry's pale face as he replied. "Yes." Then, ignoring the crowd and the questions being shouted his way, Draco carefully pulled Harry into his arms and Disapparated with a loud crack. . . . . An hour later, Harry's eyes slowly opened and squinted around the too bright hospital room of St. Mungo's. He quickly spotted the tall, lean form of Draco standing next to the window; gazing outside with a furrowed brow, his once pristine clothes covered in grime and dust. "Draco?" Harry's voice came out in a husky whisper and he promptly coughed. Draco's head immediately whipped around to look at him and he quickly strode over to hand him a paper cup full of cool water. Harry smiled gratefully and drank down the soothing liquid. "Thanks," he said roughly as he set the empty cup aside and sat back against his pillows. "How are you feeling?" Draco asked as he pulled up a nearby chair and sat down next to Harry's bed. Harry swallowed. "My throat is sore and…" He stopped and frowned down at his legs. "My legs are… tingling." Draco nodded. "You probably inhaled a lot of dust, and your bones were broken and they had to give you some potions to repair them. There's no lasting damage though. In fact, you can go home as soon as you're ready. You just have to take it easy for the next day or so." Harry tore his gaze from his legs to look at Draco. "What happened?" he asked, not really remembering much. The look of pain and confusion, and even a trace of fear, stabbed Draco straight in the heart. He cleared his throat. "Someone attacked you, I don't know why or who yet, but they've arrested him and he's in Auror custody." Harry looked as though he wanted to ask why again, but then shook his head and turned away. "I thought you were dead." Harry turned back to look at Draco, surprised by the intensity of the anguish in his voice. "I don't think I've ever been that scared." Draco swallowed. "And you know how much I've been through in my life." Harry's lips parted as he watched his friend; his friend who was acting more like a lover falling apart at his hospital bedside than a friend. Draco licked his lips nervously but held his gaze. "Harry, I… I care for you - as more than just a friend. I want more from you than that." Harry could only stare as so many different emotions flooded his body - the most prominent being joy. His parted lips slowly lifted at the corners into a tiny incredulous smile. "Really?" he finally replied then frowned. "This isn't because of what happened today, is it?" Draco couldn't help but laugh. He reached for Harry's hand. "Believe me Potter, this has been a long time coming." Harry felt a thrill race through him as Draco laced their fingers together on top of the white bedsheet. " How long?" "Too long, probably since Hogwarts, but I didn't fully realise it until the day of our leaving ceremony and a part of me was suddenly terrified that I would never see you again; that you would go off to do great things and I would get left behind and forgotten." Harry smiled; amazed that Draco could ever feel so insecure. "I could never forget you ferret." Draco's responding smirk was decidedly fond. "Scarhead." Harry's gaze fell to their entwined fingers and his smile widened. "I've wanted this - you - for far too long as well, but I was too afraid to tell you." He looked back up. "Some Gryffindor, huh?" Draco smiled. "Seems Blaise was right, he said we both wanted each other but were too afraid to say so. Of course, he said it a lot less eloquently than that but… he was right." Harry blinked in surprise. "He knew ?" "Yes, he told me that I had to tell you tonight or else he was going to. I promised that I would right before you were attacked." A flicker of sorrow shot across his handsome face. "I almost didn't get the chance." Harry squeezed his hand. "I'm here," he said reassuringly. Draco reached out and stroked a finger down Harry's cheek. "Boy-Who-Lived…" he whispered affectionately. Harry closed his eyes and leaned into the tender contact. "Take me home?" he implored quietly. Draco nodded when Harry's eyes opened and he saw the heat in them. He gently took Harry's other hand in his and helped him to his feet where he wobbled unsteadily on weakened limbs. Draco quickly wrapped his arms around Harry's waist and held him close. Harry smiled up at him as he slipped his arms around Draco's neck, hands fisting into his shirt, kneading the fabric as he drowned in silver grey eyes. Finally , was all he could think as he looked upon the man he was in love with without having to hide his feelings from him. Draco smiled and leaned in to gently press his mouth to Harry's waiting lips. The kiss was soft and warm, with the promise of more to come when Harry was well enough. He pulled back and tightened his hold on Harry. "Let's get you home." Harry nodded and buried his face into the crook of Draco's neck, inhaling his scent and closing his eyes. "Stay with me tonight?" Draco nodded, knowing he could never deny Harry anything, and they Disapparated; ready to start a new life together, knowing how close they came to a very different ending that day.