were standing in the Headmaster's office as the quill enchanted by Rowena Ravenclaw began writing on the various envelopes. They had searched for Harry Potter for the past four years and it had been a pain to keep the Ministry from finding out anything, but they were hoping they could finally find out where he lived. Dumbledore had tried every method of tracking the boy, but it had failed. He had used the boy's hair, but it didn't work. He didn't have any more of the boy's blood either, so that was not an option. Letters with tracking charms were returned unopened almost immediately as the owls were confused; no doubt there were anti-mail wards around the place for any letter sent with a tracking charm. Even Fawkes didn't seem to know where the boy was, so Dumbledore was sure the place was not ordinary. None of the Death Eaters seemed to have the boy from what Severus had gathered, so they were quite curious about where he could be. "Albus, look!" said McGonagall excitedly. Dumbledore watched with bated breath as the ancient quill began writing on the parchment. Mr Harry J Potter, The Master Bedroom, Potter Castle, Sherwood Forest, Nottinghamshire "Potter Castle," breathed Dumbledore in shock. He had heard of the place but he had never seen it. "The ancestral seat of the Potter family." "How in Merlin's name did he end up there?" asked McGonagall bewildered. Snape sneered. "No doubt he is going to be as arrogant as his father after living the life of a pampered prince for so long." Dumbledore ignored him. He was thinking furiously. There was no way he could get inside if he tried to go meet the boy. Who was Harry's guardian? Who was taking care of him? Surely he wasn't alone! Should he let the boy come to Hogwarts or should he meet the boy immediately? "Send the letter, Minerva," said Dumbledore. "If he does not reply within three days, we shall go meet him." McGonagall nodded as she collected the bunch of letters to be sent to all the magic raised students. Snape was scowling as he left the office too. Dumbledore began pacing; all his carefully raised plans regarding the boy's childhood lay in ruins. He had wanted to boy meek so that it would be possible for Harry to accept his destiny, but this was not what he had wanted. But at the same time, he had never wanted the boy to be as abused as he had been at the Dursleys either! Frankly, he had never thought that Petunia would be capable of such a thing! But now, it didn't matter because young Harry had found his way to one of his family homes. Albus had wanted to control the amount of information the boy would get to ensure that he could be led to his destiny when the time arose, but a pureblood prince was not what he wanted. Albus relaxed. Maybe he was overreacting. He was jumping to conclusions and there was no point in that. He would wait. School was only a month away. He could wait and see what Harry Potter was like in September. He was positive he could salvage his plans. This was only a minor hindrance. HP*SAVIOUR OF MAGIC*HP Harry Potter got up on his eleventh birthday with a small smile on his face. Even though he had heard all about it, he had unfortunately never ventured to Diagon Alley before. Grandfather Alfred had said that it was too dangerous for him and so he hadn't tried, but now, he could finally see the biggest shopping district of Magical Britain. He was quite excited even though he managed to hide it. He went to the bathroom and took a shower. The walk-in closet in his bedroom showed many clothes that belonged to him. He picked out high-quality shirt and trousers along with an informal open robe that was slung over his shoulders. After getting dressed, he headed to the family dining room to have breakfast. When he entered the study, the portraits all wished him a happy birthday. "Happy birthday, Harry," said Alfred as the ghost drifted inside the study. "You know what you have to do today." Harry nodded. He pressed his hand on the Potter crest which was on the wall. It was two golden griffins facing each other with a large shield between them, with two intertwined swords. Harry closed his eyes as he said, "I, Harry James Potter, Heir Apparent of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter, do call upon my birthright and claim the headship of the Potter family. As it's Lord, I promise to do my duty and bring honour to my family. This I swear, so mote it be!" There was a pulse of magic as the family magic evaluated his worth. Several seconds later, Harry's hand glowed. A ring appeared on his right ring finger. It had a large blue diamond, seamlessly placed on a platinum band. The inside of the diamond, there were tiny clear diamonds forming the Potter crest, which were implanted with impressive magic. " Natus Vincere ," whispered Harry. That was the Potter family motto, which meant 'Born to Conquer' "Congratulations, Harry," said Alfred with a smile. "This does not make you the Lord, however. You can claim your lordship only when you are emancipated. Claiming Headship does give you some powers, but I don't know much. Talk to the goblins. They'll know better." "I will, grandfather," said Harry quietly as he exited the study. With confident strides, he reached the Entrance Hall. He took a pinch of Floo powder and stepped inside the fireplace and said, "Diagon Alley," just as he was swallowed by a flash of green flames. HP*SAVIOUR OF MAGIC*HP AN: Out of all the branches of magic which J. introduced, I've always been fascinated by the Mind Arts, especially Occlumency. That is the reason I have incorporated it into all my stories.