to the east wing of the house, otherwise known as my wing. I heard Ron snap from behind me, "Fred stops looking up her skirt." I turn around and glare at him. "Nice thong." Fred winks. I gave him a disgusted look and grab his hand to pull him to my side. When we got to the top of the stairs, I open the door to the first room on the right. "That's your room," I push Fred in. I open the door to another room across from Fred's, "Ginny." I open the door next to Fred's, "Ron." I open the door next to hers, "Allison and George." "Thanks, you're such a gentleman." She laughs, walking into the room. George hurries into the bathroom. He must have really had to go. "You're welcome. The last room on the right is mine, so if you need anything just asks. After you're done unpacking we can take a dip in the pool, if it's cool with the others. We'll meet downstairs. Oh yeah, and stay away from the north wing of the house. It's Malfoy's side for the summer." I inform her. "Don't you think you should tell the others?" She asks. "Damn, I forgot to do that. I should have said that in the beginning." I sigh. I wasn't use to having this many guest. I only had her and Arnold, our other best friend, over. "It's okay. I'll tell George and Ginny. You tell Fred and Ron." She split the group up, knowing that I didn't have the best social skills. I nod my head in agreement. "What happen to Potter, I thought he stays with the Weasley every summer?" I ask. "He's at Hermione's. He felt uncomfortable staying at a deatheaters house." She informs me, rubbing her arms, letting me know she was uncomfortable. It was a nervous tick that she had. "It's okay, I get it," I close her door. I walk over to Ron's door, knocking on it. "Come in," I heard him yell through the door. I walk in the room as he was putting clothes in a drawer. "Hey," I smile. His head shot right up realize it was me and not one of his siblings. "Hi," he smiles nervously. "UM, I just thought you should know my room is the last one on the right, just in case you need anything." I kept shifting my weight from one foot to the other. Something about having his full attention on me, made me nervous. He nods his head. "We're going to go swimming in the pool after everyone done unpacking." I intently regret the words that came out of my mouth, when I realize I told him instead of asking him. "Sounds like fun," he said. I sigh relieved that he didn't seem upset about my rude moment. "We're meeting down stairs. Stay away from the north wing of the house it's Malfoy for the summer, so not my idea." I cringe, not knowing why I tried to make that into a joke. "Alright," he nods his head. He stares at me, waiting for me to say something else "See ya," I made my way towards the door. "Yeah, see ya." I heard him say as I close the door and lean my head back on it. I look down at my hands, they were shaking and my face felt hot. 'Why was I so nervous, I hope he didn't notice,' I thought walking towards Fred's door. I knock and he shouts through the door, "Who is it?" "Scarlett," I answer. A few moments later, Fred opens the door. "Come in." He moves to the aside so I could step in. "I just came to tell you that my room the last one on the right. And, if you wanted to go swimming with the rest of us when you done unpacking?" I notice a box in his suitcase that said Weasley Wizard Wheezes on it. I thought about asking, but decided against it. I wasn't going to have him trying to make me one of his test dummies. "A chance to see you in a swimsuit let me think…HELL YEAH!" He yells the last part. I laugh he knows how to make a girl feel special. "We are meeting in the living room. Can you do me a favor?" I ask. "Sneak into your room tonight, no problem." He flashes his Cheshire smile. "Stay away from the north wing of the house. It's Malfoy's for the summer. He invited Flint and Zabini." I explain, ignore his answer. "I'll try my best." His smile grew wider. "Thanks." I said even though I had the feeling that the Slytherin boys were going to have some prank pull on them. I walk out the door, to see Allison standing there. "Are they okay with going to the pool?" I ask her. "Yeah," she jumps up and down, excited to go swimming. "Okay then, let's get ready." I went back to my room to change into black one piece that had the sides cut out and pull my skirt back on. I went to the living room, where Malfoy and Zabini were playing a game of magic chess with Flint watching. I lay down on the couch with my feet on Malfoy's lap. "Why are you wearing that?" He asks, trails his hands along my sides. I decided to play with his head a little. Even though, I knew he wasn't into me for the right reason, it was still fun to flirt with a handsome man. I curl up at his side, putting my pointer finger on his bottom lip, and slowly outline them. "Cause I thought you would like it." I whisper in his ear. He leans in putting his face close to mine. The outfit in this chapter can be found on my polyvore account (corruptedroyalty). I made a collection for the story. You can also find hints to what to come in upcoming chapters.