was a little lost in thought she decided to break the silence. "Would you like to head back? The crowd is thinning out, so they might begin serving soon." His head snapped up and he looked at her. "Yea, sure. Good idea." They walked back to their table and seated themselves just in time for Minister Shaklebolt to rise up to the podium and make his speech. He thanked everyone for coming, and expressed his hope that everyone was enjoying themselves , and found all of the items donated for the auction to be satisfactory. He then announced that dinner would be starting monetarily. A witch came over asking if anyone would like a drink order, Harry ordered a bottle of firewhiskey and butterbeers for the table. Dinner was actually quite pleasant, Draco thought to himself. He really was enjoying the evening, and he hadn't heard any whispers so far about his presence. He laughed at a few jokes, and helped himself to the bottle of firewhiskey, pouring a round for everyone. After dinner was finished, they chose their desserts from a floating tray and ate while a wizard Draco didn't know announced the winners of the auction items. To his surprise, he won the painting. Hermione clapped for him and in her excitement let out a little squeal. Draco did notice quite a few heads turning to see if *The* Draco Malfoy was really present. He let it go for now, as Hermione's laugh was infectious, and he smiled. A while later, the orchestra in the corner started to play with charmed instruments, signaling that guests could now use the dance floor. No one from their table got up to dance immediately, so Ron went to get another round of drinks for the table. After they each had another drink, Harry asked his wife to dance, Ginny looking love struck as she accepted. Neville and Hannah paired off as well. Lavender got asked to dance by Dean Thomas, who shook hands with Ron just before leading her out onto the dance floor. "Well 'Mione, fancy a dance?" Ron asked as he stood. "I'd be glad to, Ronald." As she stood and put her hand in his. Draco watched her spin around in Ron's arms with ease, and wondered why they never worked out. They obviously had love for each other, and they looked so bloody happy. He watched them dance for a few more moments, then Harry cut in. The three of them looked so happy together. Joking and smiling as Hermione started to then dance with Harry. The Golden Trio . He let himself wonder for a moment what that would've been like to have even a fraction of that love and respect in his life. He was so lost in thought that he didn't even notice Ginny and Lavender make their way back to the table and sit next to him. "You get used to it." Ginny said to him, breaking him away from this thoughts. "What?" He said in response. "Them. The three of them." Lavender clarified. "They've always been like that. That close. Like brothers and sister the lot of them." He flushed, knowing he'd been caught staring. "Used to bother me" Ginny said, "But eventually you realize that that's just the way they are. No more, no less." Draco didn't feel the need to respond, just turned back to glance at Hermione one more time. Ron was now dancing with Hannah. They were all close friends. Must be nice to have a close circle of friends . Hermione returned with Harry and they sat down. Her cheeks were flushed from the dancing and the laughter, and he couldn't help but glance at her, trying to burn the moment into his memory. Everyone returned and took a break for a dance or two, when suddenly Lavender jumped up and said "Oh! It's our song! Dance with me Won-Won!" Ron rolled his eyes, yet gave his wife a smirk as he let her lead him onto the dance floor. Ginny and Hermione both rolled their eyes with a shake of their heads. "Seriously, no one likes that name! Why does she still call him that!" Ginny whined. "Honestly I think because she knows it annoyed everyone." Hermione said. Hannah giggled at that, mocking Lavender, " Oh, Won-Won!" at that table broke out in laughter, and even though Draco didn't really get the joke, I mean really it's just a nick name, but he laughed anyway. He watched as Hermione danced with several other people, including one man who couldn't seem to keep his one hand off her arse. "Who the hell is that?!" Draco asked Ginny, a bit more forceful then he meant to. "Ugh. McClaggen. Been after her for years. Ever since Hogwarts really. He has no shot, trust me." Ginny watched him watch Hermione and she could see his jealously rising, so she asked him to dance, which he reluctantly said yes. He lead her to the dance floor, and began a simple sway and forth, conversation coming easier than he thought. "You know, and tell me if I'm wrong, but I hardly ever am" Ginny said confidently. He gave her a smirk. "I know you like her. I know you've liked her for years, and before you say it, no , Harry didn't have to tell me." Draco didn't know what to say, so he just stayed silent. "Maybe you should just ask her to dance, see where it takes you. The nights almost over, don't want to miss your chance." She said with a wink. Draco hesitated. "I don't know if I can. If I dance with her, then I'll want another dance after that." "So? Then have another dance after that. You're a Malfoy. Go get what you want." "This, Ginny Potter, is why I like you most." He said as he kissed her cheek. He lead them back to the table and sat and waited for Hermione to come back.