waiting was the hard part. An hour and a half dragged by more slowly than she had expected. When she finally got into the office she steeled her resolve. Looking at the raven haired woman to let her know that the other candidates were not looking that great. "Good afternoon Professor McGonagall. It is so nice to see you again." Kylie said smoothly. "Good afternoon Ms. Nightshade you look well. What makes you want this job? I don't remember you loving History of Magic this much." "I am trying to do something more than travel Professor." Kylie said with a small smile. "I have learned a lot that is not taught in the current standards of the course. I have traveled to forgotten places, and seen things that not many witches have seen in recent years. I am just wanting to pass this information on to the next generation, so that someone doesn't have to do what I have done to learn these thing." "What have you learned Ms. Nightshade?" "What do you think of when I say schools of magic?" Kylie leaned back and smiled. -DGH- June 23, 1991 11:00 PM Little Whining, Surry England 4 Privet Drive Rose was rolling around on the ground in pain. She had been shut in her cupboard for four hours now. Her 'relatives' had not even asked her to make their dinner. It was kind of a relief really. If she had been asked to make dinner she would have been yelled at by Uncle Vernon some more. If she was lucky she could endure the hunger she knew she would be feeling tonight, and make it to breakfast without causing another scene. And perhaps the pains she was feeling since being thrown into Dudley's elbow would go away. Given her luck though this was unlikely. Rose's attention was pulled off her own misery when she heard someone unlock the cupboard door. Rose backed into the left corner of the cupboard. She knew this really wouldn't protect her from her Uncle's rage, but it was better than just sitting there and taking it. When the door opened what her eyes fell upon was not her uncle or her aunt. The woman was wearing what looked like a greyish violet set of robes, cloak, and what must have been a dark purple long sleeve shirt underneath the robes. There was what appeared to be an oak stave in her right hand. The woman was looking down at her with what looked to be concern in her grey eyes. As she kneeled down Rose asked "Who are you?" "My name is Kylie Nightshade Rose, and I am just here to check in on you. There is no need to be scared. I will not hurt you. I need to make sure you're not bleeding internally." Kylie said this as she waved her left hand over her body. "Give me a couple of seconds so I can fix this." The woman said as she as a white glow came to enveloped her hand. Rose could feel something move within her stomach relieving the pain that she was trying to ignore. "Thank you, but how did you know I was hurting, and…" Rose asked her amazement clear in her voice, but she was cut off by the woman. "I can't tell you everything right now, but in time I will tell you everything. Now I must go, but I will not leave you starving. Here take this." Kylie handed her a small bowl with a lid and a towel wrapped around it. "When you are done eating this wrap it all back up in the towel, and press your forefingers into the center of the lid for three second then lift it." "What is it?" "Pot pie, goodbye Ms. Potter." The woman closed the door, and Rose heard the door lock once again. Rose waited a few seconds to see if this was a cruel prank by the Dursleys. After about ten minutes she decided to unwrapped the bowl to reveal a pottery bowl. Rose looked to the door one last time. When it didn't open she opened the bowl. Inside was indeed a pot pie, but there was also a fork stuck inside the pie. She looked at the bottom of the lid to see if there was special slot for the utensil, but what she saw was a bit unbelievable. The bottom part of the lid looked deeper than the outer perimeter looked to allow. She stuck her had in the lid and watched it disappear all the way up to the midpoint of her forearm. She blinked a couple of times before pulling her arm out of the lid. Setting the lid down she decided to start eating the potpie. It was delicious. To be honest this was a thousand times better than her own cooking. She tried to eat in a civilized manor but she was just too hungry to maintain a decent eating speed. When she was finished she gathered up the bits of food that hand landed on the floor, and put them in the bowl. When she put the lid back on the bowl, wrapped the bowl up, and pressed her fingers to the bowl a flash of light blinded her. When she opened her eyes again the bowl, and the bits of food that remained were gone. The sound of feet pounding on the stair alerted her to her Uncle heading down stairs. She quickly got under her meager covers, and closed her eyes quickly. When the slat in the door opened she prayed that Vernon could see the smile she was trying to suppress. After a few minutes the slat closed, and her uncle went back up the stairs. When the thundering sound of elephant feet ended Rose closed her eyes and went off to sleep. A/N 2: Information on Ghost Elves can be found in Dragon Magazine Issue 313. Females stand on average about 5'4" tall.