sounded like such an intimate thing, something you read in cute fairy tales and typically started with an innocent peck on chubby baby cheeks and ended on a porch looking out into a sweet, caramel-colored sunset. Yet Draco and she shared none of the sort when they were children, and she had good reasons to believe that they would still bicker with admirable vigor even when old age had rendered them less capable of physically maiming each other. They had grown up together, yet far, far apart. When they were younger, he had been a nuisance, a thorn in her side, a pretentious git she felt necessary to protect her friends from, and when things were at their absolute worst, a failed murderer she had wanted to hate so badly but ultimately could not, because deep down she knew it was not so much him as the people, the monsters prodding their wands at his back. Nonetheless, they had grown to love each other, and they both knew they would not have been capable of that very love if they had not truly grown up and grown past the past. The first time she touched his now somewhat faded dark mark, she threaded her fingers through his and felt him squeeze her hand so tight he might have hurt her. She did not flinch, though, merely squeezed back with all her might, feeling her heart growing so full that it might burst any second. So full of the man in front of her, so full of his bared soul and how she thought it was beautiful , so full of an urge to let him know how he deserved every bit of trust, brightness, and happiness in his life and ten times more, and if the world did not know better she would happily spend a lifetime to prove them bloody wrong. What an odd pair they made, she often thought: he with his colossal streak of git reflex and she with her bossiness; he with his uncanny ability to unreel her rationality and she with her aptitude for stripping apart his composure; he with his linguistic barrier of saying sweet things aloud and she with her often overdue realization of his clumsy efforts in showing them; and of course, there was their mutual need to have the last word on every argument and hence the necessity to hold onto each other for the rest of their lives, because they both knew no other rivals would make for competitions as gratifying. He had always irked her and he always would. He had a way of announcing his presence by making the hair on her nape prickle, her mind accelerate, her temper gear up, and as of late, her chest tighten and her eyes light up. Yet despite the various maladies he had inflicted upon her, he had also set her free from her own manically brilliant mind that had bottled up her vulnerabilities and put up an exterior of consummate good sense. The press had routinely credited him as her "one lapse in judgment", and maybe they had been worrying about the right thing after all. Maybe Draco Malfoy had corrupted Hermione Granger and she now felt pretty okay about — fucking up , the infamous smirk she had picked up from Draco made an appearance as she imagined the collective gasp if she were ever to issue such a statement in public. Who could have known that Draco Malfoy was going to be the demise of her almighty sense of control. His existence had always demanded the full force of whatever she had in her with a pull as incontrollable as the first time she felt magic course through her arm and made a lamp rise to midair, a pull so powerful that she had panicked, denied, and resisted, but in the end leaned into and never made it back from the deep end. She knew that with him, she could be strong, and he would never be intimidated like the male egos she tip-toed around during her entire adolescence; he would admire her strength with that savoring look of his, one that made she blush and gloat even more; she also knew that, with him, she could allow herself to fall apart, fire up, or — Merlin help Professor McGonagall if she ever heard this — be wrong, be really, seriously, exhilaratingly, wrong . And she'd be safe, be embraced, be on the butt end of a snarky comment, maybe, but ultimately, she'd be good. And at that thought, she reached over to the blond wizard soundly asleep by her side, an arm draped possessively over her waist. She nestled closer to him, feeling a wave of contentment washing over her as she savored his reassuring body heat. It did not matter when she knew, she reckoned, the important thing was that she knew, they both knew, and that was a piece of knowledge she would willingly trade with a million loose ends, knowing that he would be there to scoff at her exasperation when she spent the rest of her life going through them one by one. The End A/N: Hope you enjoyed the story! A quick note about Draco supposedly having vaaaaague feelings for Hermione when they were little: I do think Hermione was someone of *interest* to Draco in their early schooldays, though not necessarily a romantic interest. Of course the interest did not really pan out in canon, and I think it's reasonable to assume that it probably faded out at some point when Draco had to deal with more pressing issues. That being said, I am firmly against the "boys will boys" rhetoric and hope all the young readers that stumble upon this piece (and my other writings) do not get the wrong idea. The world will be a better place if little boys are taught to respect the girls they like instead of pulling their hair. And as always, reviews are love!