a bountiful cheek and honked it with some mad wiggling of his eyebrows that teased out a string of laughter from Hermione. "For the record, I didn't even know it was not intentional — " "Did you seriously think that I was just gonna propose like that, with a ring tumbling out of my pocket?" Draco asked incredulously — some people just never understood the importance of finer things in life — "I was really happy to see you!" Hermione protested at his accusing tone, "Plus — the ring meant that your mother was more or less on board and I know how much that means to you — not everything needs a fireworks show to be meaningful!" A fireworks show , Draco made a mental note to add that to the shopping list of his anniversary surprise. A Slytherin knew when to catch a slip. " Happy to see me? That seemed quite the understatement…" Draco's voice trailed off suggestively. Hermione blushed a dark shade of crimson. Well, fine , she had practically jumped him after his mysterious week-long business trip to France. Turned out that Draco had spent the week at his mom's cottage in Normandy, exploiting every persuasion trick in the book to finally finagle the family ring from a Narcissa who remained lukewarm at best to this day but gave her blessing nonetheless. One could argue that Hermione might have been…a tad overly enthusiastic when Draco showed up at her door; after all, she did throw herself into his arms with such force that she knocked him off balance, sending both of them to the floor while the Malfoy heirloom rolled out of Draco's pocket. Hermione had stared at the ring for a good minute, too overwhelmed with emotions to react. They had been dating for a year by then, and despite being perfectly happy with the way things were, she had always been a little…concerned when it came to the Future with the capital F. She had brought Draco to visit her parents who, despite their revived memories, had decided to stay with their bakery business in Australia. She had never seen Draco that out of sorts — it was like all of sudden he forgot how long his limbs were and wasn't quite sure where to place them. His unintended awkwardness charmed her mother easily, who might have been the first and last person to call Draco "adorable"; her dad made a few jibes about a grown man being that blonde, but was ultimately very pleased with Draco's impeccable dental assets that traced back to centuries of meticulous magical breeding. The question seemed on the table, but she was not sure if Draco ever got over that nonsense about "dragging her name through the mud" and "compromising her political career" — he was worried that since the ministry could never budge his position for all the indisputable Malfoy connection in international trade, one-time dark magic sympathizers or not, they would find a way to lash out at her. She had snorted at the notion with a sneer that should have made him proud. As if she would care to work for an institution that so much as attempted to undermine the wizard she loved. There was also the issue of his family. Draco's contact with his imprisoned father had been minimal after the war, but despite his silence on the topic, she knew she would hate to marry him only to sever the last bit of family affection he had — from Narcissa. However — she had blinked stupidly a few times just to make sure it was really there — the ring — the family ring judging from the engraved "M" — she could only imagine the hell Narcissa would put Draco through to part with it — the stupid git — just upped and left and decided to go through this all by himself — "Yes! I will! I — I will!" She had gasped breathlessly, happy tears tingling in her eyes as she proceeded to snog her fiancé — her future husband — conveniently lying on the floor under her — senseless. Later, after they had properly christened their engagement, a shame-faced Draco confessed about the accident to his wide-eyed fiancée who, apparently, had just granted him the dream of his life without so much as allowing him the courtesy of getting down on one knee. He had wanted to propose, of course; he had also intended to propose with the best florist in Britain and the finest Italian wine and the most sought-after French chef and had already braced himself for Molly Weasley's smothering hugs to ask for one of her cinnamon apple pies that Hermione sometimes muttered about in her sleep. Hermione had merely waved away his ongoing apology as if his elaborate plans were an annoying and extremely costly fly. We're still going to get that pie, though , she had added adamantly on an afterthought. The article ran pretty thin after that, ending on a cringey uplifting note that was by no doubt sponsored by the ministry. The couple nestled against each other by their breakfast table, chattering and laughing about the various insinuations Skeeter managed to sprinkle between the lines. This is not half bad , Hermione thought to herself with a smile as Draco ate the last bit of toast off her fingers , being married to the biggest git in Britain. Not bad at all. This was certainly not the happy ever after she had dreamed as a little girl, who adored a particularly amiable, polite, and mild-mannered medical intern at his parents' dentist office; her teenage self would probably have risked burning down the Hogwarts library only to have her fate rewritten; the present-day Hermione Malfoy-Granger, however, would absolutely not have it any other way, owl droppings included. The End A/N: A fun piece that had been simmering in my head for some time…hope you guys enjoyed it! Reviews are love, always :)