with him. Considering their track record, her mouth would probably go off somewhere disastrous even if she had a teleprompter right in front of her. She hid the paperwork behind her back, determined to not give him the opportunity to sign the papers and show her out. It might be an illusion from her nervous blinking, but she could swear that the corner of his mouth twitched as if he saw right through her. So now she stood like a child facing down her elementary school principal behind a huge, forbidding mahogany desk, and that thought had her instinctively raise her chin and stare him down in defiance. "Look — first, um, I just wanna say — I'm — um, really sorry about —" "Well, you have quite the posture for issuing an apology." Hermione could not believe that she was blushing two sentences into the conversation. She did realize that she was glaring down at him like a loanshark coming to demand her due, and she awkwardly relaxed her shoulders a little. Good, at least he's talking — "You better leave before I invite you to, or worse yet , a 3-year-old toddler could barge in and you'd have to throw me out of the window." " I AM SORRY! And I —" "Seriously, Granger, you could have sent the message without —" "— just felt so out of control! " "— Please leave." "— 's just me — I've always felt like I need to have some sort of control over —" "— as if how you prefer you life is anything of my business —" "and maybe I just won't have any control when it comes to you, and maybe that's okay —" "—made your point plenty clear, now just —" "Look, things have always been…" "Please — out —" " volatile between us, it used to be bad, and that's in the past —" "I said, out —" " And now — now I think about it — in a kind of…good way —" "I don't need a signature from you to be good —" "No! That's not what I meant! It's like…you and me…we don't make things easy…BUT!", she hastily added to cut off whatever Draco was about to say, "you make me…do all these things…you make me — snap — you make me lose control…you make me feel things… in a way that kind of…scared me", Hermione felt her blush deepen but determined to carry on, failing to register that Draco had stopped cutting into her sentences at some point, "beween you and me…there's never a lot of thinking things through…and maybe that's okay — I think that's okay —", she swallowed, looking into his eyes that were now pools of twirling, unfathomable silver. "And I am sorry I reacted that way — it wasn't — it wasn't that I didn't…want to be seen with you — I just panicked —" She rushed to the next word at the sound of Draco inhaling a deep breath, afraid that he was going to cut her off, "but now I am done panicking —" "I want to give this a try — this — us." Us. Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger, us . Her brain buzzed, not unpleasantly, at the notion. She had reached the end of her impromptu speech, but he had remained silent behind his desk. Egged on by that Gryffindor streak of courage she was probably going to regret later, she picked up her voice and rambled on, "look, we could go to Harry's for dinner tonight — I would kiss you in front of Teddy, or any 3-year-old, really — no, that came out wrong— I don't mind — I would tie your scarf on a flagstaff outside my window — " He chuckled out loud at that one, taking the hand that she had smacked down his desk for dramatic effect. He yanked on her arm, bringing her upper body over while standing up to meet her half way. He placed a chaste kiss on her forehead before those sinful lips travelled down her nose, peppering kisses that felt like butterflies fluttering against her face, all the way until his lips were strategically positioned at the corner of her mouth. She was just about to tilt her head to kiss him, when he held her in place and inched his mouth away just barely — "Just don't ever compare me to that smushy-faced monster again, alright?" Hermione let out a breathy laugh and pressed her lips onto his. And it felt very, very right. The End Thanks for reading until the very end! This is my first fanfiction ever so hope you guys enjoyed it & any reviews will be much appreciated :) Hi everyone who favorited/reviewed/inboxed me - seriously can't thank y'all enough for your support! Meant the world to a new writer like me. I am actually really bad at putting appreciation into words (I'm sure this boosts your faith in my writing haha) so hopefully you will just believe me when I say that sharing this story with all you awesome people had made it feel like Christmas all over again. As for a few questions people had about the story...it's a one-shot because it just came into my brain that way, and I guess my beginner fanfiction brain is just not seasoned enough to conjure extensive plots that can pan into a proper multi-chapter fic. Also I think I am ultimately more of a happy prose-writer than story-plotter, and one-shots seem to provide a more flexible format where I can break into rambling reflections at my leisure. That being said, I do have some ideas about this story that couldn't fit into Hermione's headspace, so I have been writing up something related (not quite a sequel, but I think those of you who enjoyed this story will like it). I will have it up soon so please stay tuned. And again, thanks for all the support xxx