a jewelry shop, thinking of what to get for Lucius and Tom. He walked among the rows of rings, bracelets, and necklaces. He walked to the back of the shop where all of the things that weren't really related to jewelry. He walked around all of the random things that were in the shop. He walked past so many things that Harry was getting frustrated, then suddenly a green glimmer caught his eyes. Harry looked over, it was a beautiful cane, it had a snake for a head, and emeralds for eyes. Its jaws were open wide, and its fangs were exposed. Harry took the cane into his hand, and thought, 'this would be perfect for Lucius, it would add to his arrogant pure-blood look.' After selecting the cane for Lucius, Harry went around searching for Tom's present. He looked around, not knowing exactly what Tom wanted. He looked around, looking for something that was elegant. His eyes again caught a glimmer, but this time it was silver. It was simply a silver bracelet, that was silver, and had two emeralds on each side. Taking the bracelet and the cane, he went to the cash register, "How much for the cane and the bracelet?" Harry asked. The man responded with , "Three hundred galleons." Harry took out the galleons and gave it to the man. The man said, "Thank you for buying something here. Actually, you know, that cane has been sitting in the back there for quite some time. I'll tell you something about fo free." "Sure, I have time," Harry said. "Well, just hand me the can for a second," The man said, Harry gave him the cane. The man gently took of the snake head, "You see, right here is a spot where you can put a wand, and if you carry the cane wherever you go, your wand will always be with you." Harry smiled, Lucius would love this, "Thank you," he replied. "I hope I see you again!" The man said as Harry left the store. Harry went to the Entrance Doors to see Tom already there. "How have you been?" Tom asked. "Fine," Harry replied, "But it just got better." "Sap," Tom said, laughing. Harry just smiled back. A few days passed, and Christmas morning rolled by. Harry woke up to something shaking him, "Harry! Harry!" Lucius said. "What?" Harry said, mildly annoyed. "Oh my god Harry! Did you forget that it's Christmas?! What's gotten into you!" Lucius cried in mock horror. "Of course I didn't forget that it's Christmas you prat," Harry said, "It's just far too early." "Well, I mean, I was going to say that Riddle was in the common room, but since the Queen wants to sleep, I will let his majesty sleep," Lucius said. "Wait, Tom's in the common room?" Harry said. "Yes, he's in the common room," Lucius said rolling his eyes. Harry widened his eyes, and jumped out of bed. Practically throwing on his clothes, and fast-walked (because Slytherin's do not run) out of his dorm. Lucius following at a more sedate pace. Harry came down and saw Tom waiting at the foot of the stairs, "Were you waiting for me?" Harry asked, smiling. "Of course my Queen, who else would I wait for?" Tom said, dipping his head and kissing Harry on the forehead. Harry smiled and brought something out of his coat pocket, "Here, this is for you." Tom opened the simple black box, and smiled. It was beautiful, elegant, yet beautiful, just like him. "Thank you," Tom said, before kissing Harry senseless. Harry blushed, "Well," Tom said, "I also have something for you." Tom pulled out a box, and gave it to Harry. Harry opened the box, and in it was necklace, where a snake and a lion were intertwined. Harry delicately took out the contents, and put it on. Harry smiled, and stood on his toes, and gave Tom a kiss on the lips. Lucius walked down the stairs at the point, "Jeez! Do that somewhere else!" Lucius exclaimed. Harry pulled away and flushed. "Oh yeah! Lucius, I have something for you too," Harry took out the cane and gave it to Lucius, "You can also put your wand in, "See?" Harry said, showing Lucius to take the snake head off, and fit his wand in. Lucius grinned and hugged Harry, then slowly let go because Tom was glaring at him, "You've got a pretty protective boyfriend Harry." "I mean, he could destroy you right now, because he does rule the Slytherin House," Harry said, smirking. "You don't need to remind me of that fact Harry!" Lucius said, struggling not to laugh. After that Christmas, the years went by pretty quickly. After Tom graduated, he became the History of Magic teacher at Hogwart's and entered politics. But the thing was, Tom didn't tell Harry that he was teaching History of Magic. And so, the first class that Harry had was pretty interesting. Pretty soon, Harry graduated, and started training as an auror. A few years after that, Harry turned twenty-three, while Tom was twenty-seven, Tom got elected as Minister for Magic. Harry was pretty happy. Summer rolled by again, and Tom and Harry were celebrating Harry's birthday in the large garden of Tom's manor. Tom said, "I have something to show you Harry, it can count as a birthday present." "Then show me," Harry said, grinning at Tom's antics. Tom took a deep breath, and sank down onto one knee. Pulling out a box, he said, "Will you marry me?" Tom opened the box, and revealed the ring. It was the same exact ring from all those years ago. It was a mix of silver and gold, a lion and snake intertwined together, and studded with rubies and emeralds. And as Harry took the ring, and wore it on his finger, he saw the letters TRHP. A/N: Hopefully not too bad. This was really long though, like fourteen word pages long. It's crazy.