snark to it. This of course, made her a perfect target for James Potter and his friends to have a battle of whits with. Something she tried to avoid but didn't mind being dragged into, being a Ravenclaw. The students were shooed aside by Mr. Filch. The man didn't like students cluttering the platform. "So," Sirius said after brushing back his hair with his fingers. "Fifty galleons says daddy sends a liaison to meet you at the station, Red." "Oh?" Nessa tilted her head. "I bet double that much that your family leaves without you after they find your brother." He looked cross but didn't have a chance to respond when Peter walked up and let out almost a squeak at the sight of Nessa. "Sad thing," James said in reference to him. "Peter isn't faking his fear of you." "What?!" Peter stared with wide eyes. "I don't… I'm not… she isn't…" "There there, Pete." Sirius said as he puffed out his chest. It was true. The girl did make Peter nervous because he had never won a debate with her. "Merlin knows she's nothing to fear. Even if she was… you could outrun her." Nessa looked slightly hurt by the statement but did her best to conceal it. She shoved by them all and boarded the train. Sirius grinned and looked at James who had a disapproving glance. "What? Too below the belt?" "Evans says you shouldn't tease her about her limp." "Since when do you care about what Evans says?" "I'm here!" Remus shouted as he bounded across the platform. He handed in his ticket then boarded the Hogwarts Express to be greeted by the trolley witch. "Oh good. You made it on board. Anything from the trolley, dear?" He paid for a chocolate frog then found the cabin with his four friends inside. "Save a window seat for me? Good." He plopped down and looked out the window while he munched on his chocolate. "Potter?" a voice called from the hall. James looked up and squinted through his smudged glasses at the voice. "Longbottom? Hey mate." "Just wanted to wish you a good summer. Going to practice much quidditch?" "If mum lets me stay out after dark then I'll get twice the practice. You going to try out for the team next term?" "Nah. I've got… other things going on now." "Other things like... a girl ?" Peter wiggled his eyebrows as he said it and the boy shuffled in place. "You know about that huh?" "Of course we do. We see you everywhere with her. Just make sure she doesn't steal you away from us." Just as he said it, a brunette girl stepped in and waved. "Hello, boys," she said cheerily. "Hello, Miss Alice," they said in unison with wide grins as if addressing a teacher. She just shook her head and smirked then dragged Frank Longbottom up the hall as he barely managed to shout, "Later, lads!" James propped his feet up on the seat and began cleaning his glasses. "Girls. They'll be the death of us, I swear." "Why," Peter said with a tilt of his head and a mouth full of candy beans. "You don't have a girl in mind. Do you, James?" He didn't answer and put his glasses back on. Quickly, he changed the subject when he looked to Sirius. "Sure you don't want to just stay with me this summer, Pads?" "Well," Sirius said as he stretched out his legs. "Your mother does seem to love me. I'm like the son she never had." This cocky remark was followed by a shove from James heel as he chuckled. "Still, the offer is always open." "I'll keep it in mind." He looked to Remus who had his eyes fixated on the lake in the distance. "You alright, mate?" "Hmm? Oh yea. Just thinking." "No no no," Peter said as he shook his head. "Exams are over. No more thinking. This is summer! Days at the beach. Picnics in the park. Maybe finding a girl to share it with." He wiggled his eyesbrows only to immediately have James let out a snort. "Well you aren't going to be picking up many girls with that shirt, Pete." They all laughed and the train lurched forward. Peter glanced around his friends with a grin before saying. "This is… nice. Another year done." "And another year coming," commented Sirius. "More memories made," Remus said as he looked to James who slipped his glasses on before adding, "And more mischief managed." All the boys cheered at this and followed the cheering up with pats on the shoulders. The Hogwarts express let out a whistle as the train carried them home. These were the last days of Hogwarts as they knew it. The peaceful home they had come to know wouldn't remain so in years to come. For not everyone aboard that train had such wholesome hopes for the future. A dark legacy was stirring even then that none of these teenagers could hope to understand at the time. Many of the students on that train would be forced into a decision between two sides. They would be called to a fight they had never asked for, but still endure it as their fates were selected to be part of legacy. This is the story of a few of those intertwining fates and how they would form the end of a beginning . The Adventure Continues Next with the Birth of the Order This book was written by a group of amazing roleplayers who dedicated over a year to their characters and to this story. The original dialogue and narration has been edited into story form. Some characters have been rewritten and edited (for reasons I won't get into). I have edited this for the four people who assembled this amazing story and published it here so we can read it to our kids along with Harry Potter! Love you guys. Happy belated-Christmas and early friendiversary!