a white dress shirt coupled with a black vest and a grey pencil skirt. Her sleeves were rolled up to her elbows and around her wrist were pincushions stuck with a multitude of needles. A sneer on her face spoke more than enough about what she thought of the three wizards that had stepped into the shop. "We're just potential customers looking around the boutique. Is there anything wrong with what we're doing?" Harry asked, his voice cold and emerald eyes as hard as steel. "I zink not. You ruffians will draw ze customers away from 'ere." She replied. "What seems to be ze problem?" Another person came over, noticing the slight tension between the two groups. He had blond hair, which was swept to one side and had startling almond shaped purple eyes. He wore a green vest over a brown dress shirt and was wearing black dress pants. Like the assistant, he had pincushions around his wrists, yet he had a measuring tape hanging from his neck. The aura around the man spoke of being the one whom owned the fancy boutique. In swift French, the woman and man talked softly. The woman was, no doubt, speaking poorly of them while the man was telling her to calm. "Sirs, may we 'elp you?" He asked. "I'd like to say, first off, that the manners your employee has shown is deplorable." Harry began. "Eet is an outrage! How dare you talk to us zat way! Who do you zink you are?" "My name is Harry Potter, Lord Potter-Black-LeFey-Merlin-Gryffindor-Slytherin-Peverell." Harry ground out, watching with glee as the two employees grew paler and paler with each additional house title. "And I don't appreciate your attitude towards my godfathers." "Nous sommes vraiment désolés. S'il vous plaît pardonne dans nos mœurs. 1 * " The boutique manager murmured. Now the trio was drawing in a crowd. The customers were interested in seeing how this would end up. "We'll see." Harry said, walking into the store. The store manager hurriedly sent his assistant off before trailing after the trio. "We were actually here to buy clothes. Seeing as how your store was very eye-catching, we thought we'd drop buy. But, what we didn't know was that the whole exterior was just a faux image to prevent customers from seeing how employees truly act towards potential customers." said Harry, as he felt the fabric of the shirt he was eyeing. Sirius was smirking; he relished in the snotty attitude Harry was portraying. And Remus couldn't help but feel proud that his cub was protecting him, even after the war had ended. "'Arry?" The Gryffindor turned his head and caught a flash of silvery-blonde before a witch appeared before him. "Fleur? It's nice to see you. How are you?" Harry grinned, accepting the hug. "Everything ez going great. I am currently working at Gringotts as an internship." "That's great! And your accent is almost gone too. Is there anything else you're looking for?" "Thank you. I have several internships lined up, and I'm currently doing two, but it only lasts for one year. I'll be doing checking through my list. But what are you doing 'ere? I read on the news that You-Know-Who is finally gone." "Yes, he is, thankfully. I'm finally done with my job." Harry laughed. "Ah, and these gentlemen are…" "My godfathers, Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. Sirius, Remus, this is Fleur Delacour – the Beauxbatons Champion during the Triwizard Tournament." "Black?" noted Fleur, eyeing the dark haired wizard with interest. "I 'ave 'eard of your innocence regarding your unfair imprisonment." "Finally free. Thanks to my godson." Sirius grinned. "I'm already we 'aven't met before." Fleur said, shaking Remus's hand. "It's no bother at all." smiled Remus. "Well, I'll leave you to your shopping then, 'Arry. We should catch up some time." Fleur smiled. "I'll see you soon." Harry waved goodbye and watched as Fleur disappeared into the crowd. "Wow, pup. Didn't know you have a Veela friend there." teased Sirius. "Well, I do." admitted Harry. "Now, how about we do as she suggests?" The next hour was filled with Harry ordering the boutique manager around, picking out several clothes and sending Remus and Sirius off to go change. Afterwards, he picked out a couple himself and had his godfathers throw in a little extra clothing of their choice. By the time the hour was up, the wizards had shopping bags filled with various Egyptian cotton shirts, Acromantula silk dress robes, crushed velvet clothing of various different colors and of different shade as well as having another bag filled with clothing strictly for Snape. Walking out of the shop, the manager bowed quickly thanking them in French. He was glad that he had not incurred the wrath of the young Lord. The next couple of hours were spent shopping. Though Harry did not enjoy the idea of shopping, it was mostly due to the fact that girls took forever to pick out their clothes. He did not feel anything of that sort when he went shopping with his godfather; it was probably due to the fact that he was finally able to spend time with both of them – out in public, after the war, with the both of them alive and together, with him. They went through several clothing stores, an apothecary and cauldron shop as well as Quality Quidditch Supplies, to which Sirius bought Harry the newest model in store: The Lightning Bolt – named after the Savior of the Wizarding World. It was faster than the Firebolt Sirius had given him and had triple the amount of charms built and spelled within its framework. Overall, Harry was deftly happy with his gift. He even gave the store owner an autograph to prove it. They stopped by a small café, had their lunch and returned to 12 Grimmauld Place. X - X 1 * We are very sorry. Please forgive our manners. A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed it! R&R (: