both nodded. "Show time," Ginny said with a vengeful smile. "Get ready." X Nothing compared to the look on Harry's face when the door blew open. A mixture of fear, anger and resoluteness crossed his face. The sound of pleading and an "Avada Kedavra" filled the room. Harry winced, half ready to stand up and fight. Ginny pulled him back down. Voldemort stepped into the room, his red eyes flashing. As he started up the stairs, they sprang into action. Shooting up, Harry and Ginny set it with wands blazing. Harry's eyes shone greener than ever and then he was screaming, "Avada Kedavra." That's when the world went black. X Ginny woke up with a groan. A dull ache throbbed in her hands from where she had put them up to shield herself from the impact and she could feel something sharp jabbing into the side of her knee, but she pulled herself up regardless, ignoring the pain. She had to find him. Harry had to be there, she had seen him! Leaning on her non injured foot, Ginny hobbled forward. Lily and James were still knocked out, but their chests rose up and down steadily. Ginny shouldered on past where Dumbledore was bleeding lightly from a cut on his upper arm, ripping a piece of her robes and tying them around the area. Dumbledore could wait for now. Everyone could, as long as she could find Harry. She passed Voldemort's body, more human in death then he had been in life. Without the Horcruxes, his death had been so painfully humane. "Ginny?" Ginny turned around and felt all the air leave her throat. There he was. Harry, with a scar on his forehead and scrapes on his knees and then she was staring and rushing towards him and then she was tangled up in his arms, breathing easily for the first time in forever. "You did it," Harry breathed, tugging her closer into him. Ginny laughed shakily. "We did it together. All of us, Hermione and Ron and Lily and James, and the two Orders." Harry laughed against her and Ginny felt his chest rumble steadily. "I love you, Gin." "I love you too, Harry," Ginny said and leaned in until she could capture his lips in hers. X Lily leaned into the couch, blowing on her still steaming cup of tea. "Ginny?" "Hmm?" Ginny asked absentmindedly as she watched Harry make pancakes in the kitchen, batter dripping down his cheeks. Lily laughed and shook her head amusedly. "Ah, the joys of young love. I was asking, since it's been awhile since we discussed this—" James grimaced at the upcoming topic and Ginny shook her head tiredly. "I told you before. I'm not Harry, I don't need that kind of reminder. I got seventeen years with my parents and I know that it wouldn't be the same if I met them now." Lily nodded, wrapping her arms around Ginny soothingly. "I understand, honey. Whenever you're ready." Ginny smiled at Lily and James. "Thank you. Now, if I understand correctly, Harry had some leftover batter?" James grinned mischievously. "If you had a food fight in mind, you're a little too late. Padfoot was being rather uncooperative and I was sure he wouldn't mind finding some in his pants. Fair game for waking up the tyke earlier." "James!" Lily said through her laughter, clutching at her stomach. Ginny shook as the laughter overwhelmed her and she succumbed to it. "What's wrong?" Harry asked as he came up to the still-laughing trio. "I made pancakes; anyone want?" Lily laughed harder at that and Harry frowned. "What did I say wrong?" Ginny smiled fondly, stretching to kiss Harry's cheek through her chuckles. "Nothing at all. Don't worry." Harry grinned back lopsidedly and Lily and James threw their arms over both of them. Ginny felt something broken in her heart put itself back together. X The door locked behind Ginny as she left the Potters' household. The book she had gotten was clutched in her hands and Ginny once again wished that the Potters had been home instead of her just letting herself in. "Ginevra Weasley, you get back over here!" a voice called and Ginny barely had time to gasp before a small body rammed right into her. Steadying herself from the shock, Ginny looked down to find a small girl blinking mischievously up at her. "I'm so sorry!" someone said and Ginny looked up to find herself face-to-face with her mother for the first time in years. "I don't know what's gotten into her," Molly continued, clueless to the dilemma going on in Ginny's mind. "I think she's spent a little too much time with the twins." "You have twins?" Ginny asked, stalling for time. Molly laughed as she nodded. "Oh yes, seven children, two of them twins. I was just hoping to ask Lily if she would take Ginny in for a day." Ginny breathed in deeply. "Lily's not home, I was going to talk to her but she wasn't there. I could babysit her if you want instead." Molly beamed at that. "Would you mind, dear? You know, it's rather peculiar, but you and Ginny could pass for sisters. It's only the eyes… what a beautiful shade of blue." Ginny tried to hold in her hysterics and she thought about the fake blue eyes she had to have to avoid attention. "What a coincidence." Molly smiled again, patting Ginny's shoulder. "I'm happy James's cousin married such a lovely girl. It was James's cousin, right dear? I remember hearing they named their son for him. Why don't you come over to the Burrow and tell me about your meeting?" "Are you sure?" Ginny questioned looking at both her younger self and her mother. "Of course!" Molly exclaimed. "Why, I'm surprised we haven't met or exchanged names sooner! I'm Molly Weasley, and you are?" Ginny took a deep breath again. "I'm Ginny Weasley and I have a long story to tell you."