go of my hand fast enough. "Dear friends and family" the balding old minister begins to recite quite loudly, probably to drown out the renewed bout of murmuring. "We are gathered here today to celebrate the joining in holy matrimony of two loving souls…" There's a quiet snort, and I immediately turn to glower at the little brat, before I realise it's me the minister is frowning at. Good Merlin, Father must be mentally Crucioing me right now! The old wizard quickly restarts spewing his memorised rubbish, but I can't bring myself to listen to a word he says. My ears are ringing, my robes are strangling me and my skin is practically melting in this bloody stifling tent. This is it. I'm about to be bonded for the rest of my life with this woman with whom I have never even had a civil conversation. The sound of my name eventually pulls my attention back to the withered old face of the minister, who's loudly demanding "… take Astoria to be your lawfully wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish; from this day forward until death does you part?" I take a deep breath - it's all for the sake of the pure and noble Malfoy name, I remind myself – and open my mouth to reply. But all that comes out is an embarrassingly garbled croak. Oh God! I can feel my ears burning as I clear my throat and try again. "I do." The minister nods and turns to the little brat. "Do you, Astoria, take Draco to be your lawfully wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or for worse, for richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish; from this day forward until death does you part?" He waits. We all do. She's not looking at him, or at anyone, really. She's just standing there eerily still with that faraway look on her face as she stares at some point on the wall ahead. It doesn't even seem like she's noticed him at all, and I wonder if she's going to put us through the embarrassment of making him repeat the question. Or worse, if she's going to say no. I'm not entirely confident she's not crazy enough to do that. After what seems like a decade, she finally deigns to hollowly mumble an "I do." And I let out a breath I hadn't even noticed I was holding. As bidden, I turn to face her, she turns to face me. And I just hope Father won't notice how my hand is now shaking, as well as clammy. "I give you this ring" I say, willing my stupid hands to be steady as I take hers in one and pick up the smallest shiny gold band with the other - wouldn't it be the cherry on top of the cake if I dropped the bloody rings now? - and gingerly slip it on her slender finger "as an eternal symbol of my commitment to you." It's only as I breathe a sigh of relief at completing the task without giving these vultures reason for more murmuring that my eyes register the faded white writing all over the back of the little brat's hand. I scowl. Of course it would be right up this little brat's alley to shove some rude message under my nose at this moment. And next second an uncomfortable weight drops into the pit of my stomach, because that's not paint on her hand; these are scars… But before I can make out the words, she's impatiently pulling her hand out of my grip with a wilting look my way, even as she vows her eternal commitment to me. Just brilliant. The old Minister launches into yet another long-winded speech full of pretty, empty words, during which I lose myself in wistful thoughts of my bedroom, cool and dark and empty of resentful brides and scathing murmurs and gawking stares. "… I now pronounce you husband and wife." There's nothing for it now, it's official. And now I'm supposed to kiss her. As I gingerly place my hands on her small waist, my brain kindly decides to remind me how very long it's been since I last kissed a girl. So long that it seems like it was in another life. And, in a way, it was. Her hands come to rest very lightly on my chest, as though trying to make as little contact as possible. I repress a snort and lean in slowly. She actually smells really nice. Sweet and enticing, but natural, not like she's drowned herself in some expensive flowery perfume… I realise I'm practically sniffing her inches from her face. God, how ridiculous! Focus, Malfoy, get this over with! I close the rest of the distance - since she doesn't seem at all inclined to - and kiss her on the lips. Which are actually quite soft. For a moment, I fear she isn't even going to respond, the brat. Great, Father will think I don't even know how to kiss a girl! But then her lips start moving in time with mine, and it isn't so bad, really. It isn't bad at all. Her mouth is warm and inviting, and God, she actually tastes even sweeter than she… Ouch! Evil brat just sunk her teeth in my bottom lip! I think I taste blood! I pull away, glaring at her. To find her smirking nastily back at me. God, this is going to be a long life… A/N: Here's a brand new story that's been brewing in this head of mine for some time now. Hope you've enjoyed this first chapter; if you could drop me a line and let me know your thoughts, I'd be much obliged :D Happy reading, everyone!