they make purple and green so it was purple. "The girls dorms are on the right and each room has 5 beds with 5 people I don't care where you sleep only if it is on your side. Boys you are on the left same rules apply. The other houses will be coming soon so I would go claim those rooms quickly, also the password is savage since you are all savages." Then mcgonagall left and Harry,Ron, Neville, and Seamus ran up to claim their beds. Dean did not return to hogwarts since he was serving time for punching Harry and cho didn't want to come back. Ginny and hermione went to a room and saved beds for Luna and rose. After they unpacked their trunks and all the other 7th years came in. Everyone went down to the common room. Harry and Ron went to go find the girls. In the girls room it was Ginny, Hermione, Luna, rose, and the surviving patil twin. For the boys it was Harry, Ron, Neville, Draco, and Seamus. They all went down and Ginny sat in Harry's lap while hermione went to sit by Ron since he was sitting closest to the library so she wanted to look at the books. Rose and Draco went to sit on the couch and rose was snuggled up to draco. Seamus awkwardly sat next to the patil twin and they started talking. Harry was brushing through her tangled red mess. And she kept screaming ohh Harry that hurts. Everyone was laughing and having a good time. Finally after 12 o'clock everyone went up to go to bed before classes. *in Harry's dream* Welcome class to DAda I'm your teacher Harry Potter and today we are going to learn about a boggart. Does anyone know what this is? A little boy that was small with thick horned rim glasses said it was a monster that took place as someone's biggest fear. Then this kid turned into Voldemort and was hurting people and finally Voldemort killed Ginny. Harry woke up painting and was shaking so hard that Ron was like "are you ok?" Harry shook his head no and went to get ready for his first day teaching. Luckily for him his first class was a double with the 7th years. He got dresses in his finest teachers outfit and light gray sweater with a black sweater vest and tie. And dress pants with nice shoes. The gang met up in their common room and we're all walking to breakfast. They were all wondering where would they sit but to their surprise there was another table that was just for them. Everyone was eating and laughing just like old times. Harry felt like everything was in place and his life had finally gotten better. He felt home and safe in Ginny's arms. *D.A.D.A class * Harry is sitting in his desk waiting for his students to arrive when he feels someone hugging him from behind. "Hey Harry how are you feeling" said Ginny while squeezing him. Ginny you scared me! I didn't mean to. It is ok better get in your seat before everyone shows up and thinks I'm playing favorites. Does anyone know you are teaching? Nobody does except for all the closest people. The class walks in and everyone starts saying where is the teacher and why is Harry sitting in the teachers spot. Harry yells for everyone to sit down and take their seats. Hermione sits next Ginny in the front while Ron and Seamus are sitting next to them and rose and Draco are on the other side. Behind hermione and Ginny is Neville and Luna. Luna was technically supposed to be with the hufflepuffs and ravenclaws but they let her move with her friends to these classes. "Hi everyone so you all are probably wondering why I'm sitting in the teachers chair. Well guess what! I am your new teacher. You probably all are thinking, why is he teaching he hasn't even gotten his newts and he is one of us a 7th year. But mcgonagall asked me to be the teacher since she could find no good teacher to teach this subject except for me. Let's get this lesson started. So today we will be learning about merpeople. Anyone want to tell me why they are so dangerous. Ginny and hermione both raise their hands but of course Harry picks Ginny. MermAids are dangerous because they are feisty and very protective of there stuff and there songs are very high pitched and can take out your eardrums. Very good job Ginny that is true so I want everyone to read pages 1-15 with your table partner and then for homework you have to write a 1 page essay about these creatures. You will have these next to class periods to work on them so I recommend you use your time wisely so you won't have too much homework. Harry was just sitting at his desk staring at Ginny and thinking about his dream where that kid turned into Voldemort and she was killed right before his eyes. Harry decided to walk around the class to see if anyone needed help with Their essay and of course Ron and Seamus did not have a clue on anything so Harry had to help them until class was over. "Class dismissed and don't forget to turn in your essays tomorrow" after that Harry had his first years and then charms with his fellow students. *Charms Class* Harry sat next to Ginny and they basically chatted using a spell Harry knew that made their minds intertwin so they could communicate without speaking and still look like they were paying attention. Harry was thinking about his dream forgetting that Ginny knew what he was thinking. Ginny was mind saying it is alright Harry I am here no need to worry. So then they just chatted and chatted during all their classes even when Harry was teaching.