suppress any more gasps that may come out. George was staring at him with wide blue eyes, suddenly looking ghostly pale underneath his freckles. The healer was still waving his wand over Fred's body, muttering spells under his breath, with a look of determination on his face. "I believe Mr. Weasley has suffered some memory loss," the healer addressed the pair standing at the end of Fred's bed. "To what extent, I'm not sure, but we'll run some tests and keep you informed." Memory loss? How on earth would he know if he had some memory loss? He remembered that corridor so vividly, it can't have been long ago. "Mr Weasley," the healer spoke to him. "Do try and get some rest. I'll send someone to give you a potion for the headache." And with that, he collected the clipboard once again and left the room. The remaining occupants of the room stared at him with attentiveness. Hermione nudged George and whispered something inaudible in his one ear. George in turn began to whisper something furiously back, only he had not been as quiet as Hermione and Fred managed to pick up the words "we don't know that yet." Fred was on the verge of asking them what the problem was when George cleared his throat. "Fred…" George said cautiously. "What year is it?" "It's 1998. The month of May, if I recall correctly." Hermione's face crumpled up the moment he said the year, and he didn't pretend that he didn't hear George's slight hitch in breath. "What? Was that not right?" "Fred," George said, twisting his hands nervously. "It's 2003." "2003?" Fred repeated incredulously. He thought hard about what was being said. It couldn't be 2003, it couldn't be five years into the future. There's no way that could've happened. He wracked his brain for the any indication of a memory past the battle, but it still was the last thing he remembered before waking up in St. Mungo's to George and Hermione's bickering. Fred couldn't believe that there could've been a large chunk of his memory gone from existence... unless… "Oh I get it now," Fred said, chuckling a little. "Nice try, George. You had me for a second there. And kudos to you, Hermione. Would've never picked you to volunteer for a prank like this." Neither of the two laughed, but instead stared at him with concern and worry. "This isn't a prank, Forge," George said grimly. "It's not 1998. It's 2003." George's face was deadpanned as he repeated his words slowly. Fred's eyes widened with horror as he realised that his twin was actually serious. 2003? That was five years of his life, just gone in an instant. What had happened? What had changed? Had they even won the war? Did he and George still live together? Was he and Angelina still in a relationship? There were so many questions to be answered, but the main one that sprung to Fred's mind was… "How can it be 2003?" Fred said with a frown. "We were just battling at Hogwarts… wait, are you telling me that I've been asleep for five years?" "Oh my Lord," Hermione muttered, putting her hand over her mouth and looking very close to tears. "Hermione…" George's voice wavered, reaching out to put a hand on her shoulder but she just shrugged it off. "Hermione, please…" She slinked away from his touch when he tried to console her again. Tears began spilling from her eyes, as she cried, "Leave me alone, George!" before turning on her heel and running out of the room. George watched her leave anxiously, and let out a loud sigh. Fred glanced at his twin curiously, unable to comprehend why his brother was so concerned over Hermione. George looked like he was close to tears too as he tore his gaze away from the door that Hermione had just disappeared through. "What's got her wand in a knot?" Fred asked his twin. George's head whipped around so fast to give Fred a murderous glare. "You really have no idea, do you?" "What?" Fred raised his hands uselessly. He thought about the playfulness they had briefly, how comfortable they were around each other. Perhaps… "Are you in love with her?" George stared at him wide-eyed. "Merlin, of course not. I mean...I love her, I'm not in love with her." "Then what? Am I supposed to understand that Hermione and I are somewhat friends now?" George tilted his head to the skies and let out a low, hollow laugh. He took a deep breath and shook his head at the younger twin. "Fred, she's your wife." A/N: So this was only a rough start to the story. I wasn't planning on it actually happening, but I don't know… once I started, I felt obligated to continue. I promise, chapters in the future will be better and a tad bit longer. I'm not thrilled with the length, but I didn't know how to stretch it out any more than it was. I guess it's not too bad for a starter… right? Right? Anyways, I'm not sure how this story idea came about, but I kind of like that it's Fred who loses his memory, compared to Hermione, since it is normally the female main who can't recall, especially in these types of stories. I think that's what kept me with it. I have some interesting memories to nudge Fred in the right direction, but nothing is set in stone yet. But I'm sure that will change with time. So how do you all think of it? I know, I know… I should be updating Broken but you now know why I haven't yet. Don't worry, I haven't given up on it. I'm going to dare to write the both at the same time. Wish me luck with that one. So send me love and reviews. Flames if it does suck, but be nice about it. Infinite X's and O's, Creative Touch xxx