was happy to provide that to him. "Where have you been?" Gabrielle asked him. She seemed to be doing all of the questioning. "Here and there, I never wanted celebrity. I had to get out of the wizarding world. My entire life I was honed to be this weapon. I didn't know how else to be," Harry shrugged and drank the rest of his firewhisky. He stood from the couch and Gabrielle worried for a moment that he was going to leave, but he went to the drinks cart and poured himself another. "I can understand that," Gabrielle replied quietly. And she could, in the last month she had gone from schoolgirl, to working woman, to Veela to Gamayun, each position more powerful than the last and each requiring new skills in order to fend off all of the strangers who wanted a piece of her. "So, what is this new thing you are? Mother to all Veela you said? Does it have a name?" Harry asked her, sitting next to her on the couch again, turning so he could face her as they talked. Gabrielle sighed heavily and began explaining her last month of life. She talked about how she had started her new job when her parents came calling to tell her she had to quit. Gabrielle was still upset about it, all these weeks later. Harry placed a hand on her knee in commiseration, he knew what it felt like to have your life decided by someone else. She told him about being Gamayun, and what that meant. When she mentioned that her Seeing capabilities would begin within a few months, Harry winced. "Well, that sucks," Harry said with a half smile. Gabrielle let out a quiet chuckle, "Yes, it does suck, Harry." She sighed and leaned back into the couch, draining the rest of her firewhisky. "What are you going to do now?" he asked as he settled back into the couch next to her. "Find a mate, I guess," Gabrielle went on to explain what her mémé had told her about the mating process, all the information the Conseil could figure out about Gamayun was that their mating process was the same as Veela's, they mate for life, and anybody compatible would do, there was no one true mate out there for them. "You haven't found one after all these get together's?" Harry asked, teasing her. "Not yet. Are you offering Harry Potter?" Gabrielle teased back. They both were leaning into the back of the couch and she turned her head to look at him to find he was already looking at her. His gaze was intense and he didn't have a smile on his face anymore. "Maybe, are you interested?" he asked, he tilted his head forward his lips hovering above hers. "Depends on how well you kiss," Gabrielle replied breathlessly as she pushed her lips into his own. The kiss was unlike any Gabrielle had had before. It was intense and sweet and when he slid his arm around her waist, she gasped in surprise, his touch electrified her. He preyed on her shock by plundering her mouth with his own, their tongues tangled and twirled around one another and Gabrielle could feel her body responding to his, her nipples tightened and desire set her skin aflame. Harry ended the kiss, pulling back slowly as if savoring the taste of her. He quirked his brow at her. When she didn't respond, he prompted her. "Did that meet your approval?" he asked, his hand leaving her waist and brushing against her cheek. She leaned into his touch and closed her eyes. "Maybe we should try again? Just to be sure," she told him. He swooped back in giving her another searing kiss that had her panting when he ended it. "Mmm," Gabrielle said when he pulled away again, "you'll do." Harry threw his head back and laughed, causing Gabrielle to giggle along with him. "I'm glad you think that 'I'll do', Gabrielle. How soon are you expected to announce your mate?" Harry asked. He reached down to hold her hand and was brushing his thumb along her knuckles. His touch causing Gabrielle to lose her train of thought. "Oh, hmm, as soon as I find him I suspect," Gabrielle said absentmindedly replaying their last kiss in her head. "Maybe we should go find your parents then," Harry told her seriously. "What? Are you serious?" Gabrielle broke through her fog of desire with some effort. "I'm serious, if you are," Harry told her. "You don't even know me! Why would you want to be my mate? Gamayun mate for life, you'll be stuck with me! The wizarding world would never let me live it down, 'Rare Veela Traps Man-Who-Won'," Gabrielle complained to Harry. "You need a mate, I find myself amenable to that. We seem compatible enough, I'm sure we can work out the details later. Besides, if I have a mate when I return to the wizarding world, then witches and wizards won't throw themselves at me. This is a selfish move, you see," Harry told her with a smirk. Gabrielle could see his point. And from what she knew of him, he wouldn't care about her Seeing abilities, and the rest of her powers were Veela powers, nothing special. She looked at him for a long time trying to decide if she was going to find anyone better. Her parents would not be pleased to have another daughter marry a Briton, but they were a sexy lot, Gabrielle could admit that. And being married to Harry Potter wouldn't hurt her political aspirations, in fact, they may even boost them. Gabrielle could see the benefits in Harry's plan, for both of them. "All right, let's do it," Gabrielle said with a sharp nod. "Good, let's practice that kissing again," Harry said as he leaned in for another scorching kiss. A/N: As always I post aesthetics to my works on my tumblr page crochetawayhpff. Thoughts?