taking his time touching her smooth skin before lifting his hand just over her bottom, hiking up her grey school skirt to show her black lace underwear. Severus didn't mean to make a noise but the sight made him breath in deeply to refrain from spanking her like his hand twitched wanted to do. "Are you scared, Hermione?" "No...No I'm not scared…" Hermione answered licking her lips. He settled his hands over the curves of her waist and positioned himself on the bed, over her. Good… he thought. "I would sincerely appreciate it if you wouldn't question me anymore about something as delicate as your psyche... " He whispered into her ear creating goosebumps along her arms, as her back arched to feel him pressed snuggly against her. He was only looking out for them, Hermione realized and nodded slowly. She was going to have to work on a lot. "I'm sorry, Sir." She whispered back to him, causing him to stiffen. "My dear, if you were in trouble, you would certainly know it." He said softly her moving her hair away from the nape of her neck, his warm breath sending chills down her spine when he spoke again. "There is no need to apologize right now, or even later on. I am setting ground rules right now." "Yes, Sir." Severus stayed still allowing her to feel him and grow comfortable to having him close to her, as well as allowing himself to let go of his reserve. "I am human." He said slowly, and swallowed hard. Everytime he said that, it always threw him for a loop. He didn't consider himself a human for a long time, and every time he said it it brought up memories. He lowered his head so that his forehead was pressed to the back of her head. "I am one of your professors… But I am a man as well. We have to work on becoming comfortable enough with one. My short-term goal is for us to be comfortable with each other so that the moment we enter this room, you and I, will not be Student and Teacher... But Severus and Hermione. I am not there with you." He informed her, and he smirked when he felt Hermione sink into the bed. Why was she ready to dive in? "I still see you as my student, Miss. Granger, and that means if I jumped in irresponsibly I only would lust for you. I don't play with Lust." He lowered his lips to her neck, brushing his lips against her skin as he spoke. "In due time, I will open up to you. I will become comfortable with you, and that will make me a better dominant for you. Just as well, you will open up to me, be more comfortable with me, and a great submissive for me." He lifted his head and moved away from her body just as quickly as he had laid on top of her. He was ashamed that he had went so far in his demonstration because he saw what he did as somewhat of an attack, which was a bit harsh but in his eyes, he deemed it right. "Look at me..." He asked softly. Hermione took a moment to collect herself then turned around pushing her skirt down, sitting on the edge of the bed. She was understanding more and more what he meant with each passing second, and more about how this relationship would go really. He would give the orders, but she could choose to follow them, or disregard them which was confusing. "Hermione..." He said softly. "Professor..." She responded awkwardly not knowing what compelled her to speak but once she did, she understood a little more. "Severus…" It was awkward to hear each other saying their first name, and she smiled slightly embarrassed. "I see." "I'm glad you do. I understand you want me to bend you over my knee, lift your skirt and give you a spanking that soaks you underwear... To grab you by your hair, and have you service me in any way I see fit, and believe me I am highly looking forward to what that overused mouth of your can do... " She blushed. He remembered bits of her letter? That made her wonder if he had memorized her letter like she had his. "But... One step at a time." He said, and she nodded. "Yes, Sir." Severus smirked, very pleased with how Hermione was handling this and decided to treat her one last time before he dismissed her. "Hermione... " He felt an odd lump in his throat from addressing her and what he was about to do, "Would you like me to give you something off your list? Something that's not too much?" He asked. She looked up, hazel eyes wide with excitement. "Yes, please, Sir." She said almost breathlessly. If Severus' pants didn't already feel tight, they certainly did now with her looking up at him like she was. If Hermione continue to look at him like she was now, they would get along greatly, he thought. He rose his hand to the back of her head, pulled her toward him, and gently pressed a kiss to her forehead. Yes, something sweet and juvenile, but it was on her list. Even though it felt awkward for him to do this, he was willing to open himself up and compromising. This was simple. To be kissed on the forehead when we say goodbye... "Good Night, Miss. Granger. I will see you here, tomorrow evening at 7 o'clock." "Good Night, Sir." Hermione whispered softly, floating down from cloud nine as she exited the room and hurried up the stairs toward Gryffindor tower. This was just the start, she reminded herself. Everything had a start slow. A book, movie, song... The purpose had to be set before the quest. Knowing that Severus Snape was willing to embark on her quest was more than enough for now.