about spells that had disgusting affects. I turned to him and snatched it from his hands. "Zach you shouldn't buy that," I said placing it on the shelf. "Why not?" He cocked his hip looking at me. "Because, if you are trying to come across as an evil dark wizard that is what you would read at a time like this. Your use of that spell has everyone thinking you are some maniac." I huffed and went over to the section on Magizoology. I found a book on griffins and another book on Hippogriffs and Griffins. I added those to my pile, Zach was now flipping through a book titled Pure Blood Families in Europe. I took that one too. "Why did you take that one!?" He whined. "Are you trying to come across like a death eater?" I whined, "I know you aren't I know that the death eaters died out with Voldemort but with those Marks in the school." I shook my head. "It is too dangerous and you know what they think of Slytherins even though we haven't produced a dark wizard since the war." I sighed "You are the one reading about it," He pointed out "And is it a crime to be interested in my family's past. I am proud to be from a noble and historic family." "Not always noble mind you." I returned "It could be your family," He looked at me softly "If we stay together, I mean." He flushed. I let a smile spread across my face. I kissed him tenderly pushing him against the bookshelves. He smiled at me "God you're sexy," He muttered. "Thanks," I flushed. "Now pick out a book quickly, I am going to go to Scrivenshaft's after this, I want a new quill, I want to get Lauren some rainbow ink, and I am out of parchment," I said and started to walk to the counter. I got there and paid for my stack of three books. I added it to my bag. He came up behind me and bought not only the two books I specifically asked him not to buy but he also bought a book about a famous Keeper. I gave him a stern look. He shrugged "Come on Scorpio loves the Dark Arts and Stattigrus likes History." He covered "Oh, you are such a good friend…" I rolled my eyes. "I am actually." He teased and he kissed my neck. I rolled my eyes again. He took my hand as we made our way over to Scrivenshaft's. We had bought way too much when we decided to head back. When we got back to the dorms no one was there. He grasped my hand and we went to his room. His friends were lying on their beds, hard rock music playing on the radio in the background. "Hey, guys!" He smiled at his friends who sat up. "Bringing a girl to your room, smooth…" Scorpio chuckled "Shut up Blackwell," He growled "You know he is annoyed when he calls you by your last name," chuckled Scorpio. "How was the outing?" asked Stattiguris "It was fine, we bought lots of crap." I laughed and sat down on Zach's bed. Zach sat down beside me and opened up his bag. I waited to see what book he pulled first. Sure enough, it was the one on spells, curses, and hexes. "Hey, Moon are you going to read or talk to my nitwit friends?" He laughed his friends rolled their eyes. "If I wanted to read I would be alone in my room." I pointed out "Hmph…" Zach grunted "Fine talk." "How are you doing we haven't seen you around much Art?" Scorpios "I have been busy living I am afraid." I joked. "You are a very successful person." Stattiguris laughed "I am doing well though. My brother actually started this year." I smiled. "That is good." Stat said with a smile he had pulled out his book that was on potions. I looked at Scor. He smiled and started to shoot sparks out of his wand. I opened the Honeydukes bag and his hands went straight for one long gummy snake. "Thanks," He smiled I grabbed one too and we just looked at each other as our friends and for me, my boyfriend read their books. I stayed there with them for awhile before I headed out to the Ravenclaw commons. My life was in limbo and my boyfriend was in trouble. The whole house was in trouble. "I can only live when there is light, yet I die if the light shines on me… What am I?" The Eagle questioned a group of first years waiting at the tower. "Um. A plant?" A small eleven-year-old tried to answer. "Why would it be a plant?" A third year countered. "Anyone have any ideas?" A second year asked. "It's a shadow" Elizabeth walked up carrying a mountain of books in her arms. "Correct, welcome to your dorms." The door opened. "Elizabeth!" I called to her as I ran in after her. "Yes?" She asked turning to me. "I came to see you again is all, I brought candy from Honeydukes." I smiled at her kindly. "Thanks," She took a chocolate frog and a licorice wand. "Look, I'm sorry about the whole Quidditch thing." "It isn't a problem, Zach isn't too pissed off.." "Look, it wasn't my idea. I'm just worried about how easy it was for him to use those spells." She sighed "Yeah, it is a little worrying." I bit my lip. "I have to go get ready for Arithmancy class." She lugged her pile of books towards her bag and headed off. "What's a Slytherin doing here?" A Ravenclaw huffed. 'Um... I was actually just leaving." I muttered. "Didn't attack anyone else like your housemates?" Another Ravenclaw scowled. "I'll be going." I sighed and picked up my stuff. "Don't kill anyone on the way out." A group of Ravenclaws giggled at the comment.