was bloody amazing." He seemed to be in awe of how amazing that had been. She nodded and offered a small smile. "It was," she agreed, running her hands down his back and planting a kiss on his shoulder. He hissed as she hit a spot she had clawed open, she leaned forward and looked at his back, it was peppered with half moons from her nails, and short streaks where she had dug in. "Oh, Tom! I'm so sorry -" "It's fine. I liked it," he told her, kissing her deeply. She returned the kiss as he slid out of her, he summoned his wand and doused the candles, then pulled the quilt over them both, spooning her. "Tom," she whispered. "Shhh, let me sleep," he said holding her tighter and throwing a leg over hers, effectively blocking her way out of the bed. She decided to just close her eyes for a moment, when she woke it was morning. Tom woke slowly the following morning, the dawn sun was shining through his window and he was warm. Warmer than he normally was. When he cracked one eye open, he found out why. The witch, Hermione, who had appeared in his room last night, was snuggled up next to him. He smirked remembering the night before. Tom decided that he would do what he could to ensure the witch would want to stay with him and not look for a way back to the future. He summoned his wand and pointed it at Hermione's forehead, whispering, "Melior imperium." Tom watched as the magic sank into her head and he could feel his connection to her strengthen. It was the same curse he had put in the book, an improved Imperius. Instead of turning its victims into mindless zombies, this version allowed greater control by the victim, but gave Tom deeper control of their subconscious. He slowly extricated himself from her embrace, giving her a soft kiss on her forehead. He nibbled and licked his way down her body, spending a few moments at each breast. Her breathing hadn't changed, but her nipples responded to his touch. When he reached her core, he ran a finger through her folds and slid it inside her, spreading her wetness up, he circled her clit and her hips lifted from the bed in response. He heard her gasp, he leaned down and licked her. This time her hips bucked, she groaned, and reached a hand down to his head. Raking her fingers through his hair, and holding him in place. He chuckled to himself as he set to work. Hermione woke fully with Tom's head between her legs. He was licking, and finger fucking her. She was on the edge of her orgasm when he pulled back. She couldn't stop the whine that escaped her. "Ah, patience, Hermione," Tom said as he licked his way up her stomach and to her breasts. He settled in first at one breast, licking, sucking, and nipping, while he rolled the other nipple with his fingers. Then he switched his attentions. Each lick, suck, nip, and roll was like a shot of fire down Hermione's nerves directly to her clit. He was pushing her higher and higher, her body was covered in a sheen of sweat and she was panting. "Gods, please, Tom," she rasped over and over again. She reached a hand down to touch herself and he slapped it away. "Don't make me tie you up," he smirked at her. She keened in response. The idea of being tied up made her flush deeper with pleasure and a gush of fluid drip down her thighs. "Oh, would you like to be tied up? We can try that someday, princess," Tom cooed at her. He leaned down and brushed her lips, giving her a slow, languorous kisses, slowing the tempo. When her breathing evened out again he pulled back and went back to her pussy, giving it equally long, slow, lazy laps. Driving Hermione wild. "Tom, please," she begged. "What do you want? I'm afraid you'll have to tell me," he purred at her, his fingers still inside her, he curled them and hit her g-spot. "I want to come, I want you to fuck me!" She cried out, arching her back into the thrusts from his fingers. "Your wish is my command," he husked. He removed his hand from her quim and licked his fingers. He laid down next to her and rolled her on top of him, straddling his lap. "Ride me, witch," he growled, gripping her hips. Hermione lifted her hips and sank slowly down onto his engorged cock. Feeling him fill her was magnificent. She placed her hands on his chest to balance herself and arched her back. Tom moved one of his hands from her hip to her breast, rolling a nipple. "Gods, your cunt is so fucking tight," Tom ground out through clenched teeth. Hermione took that as her signal to move. She lifted her hips and slid back down, once she was down she circled her hips, grinding into him. Tom lifted his own hips to meet her, driving himself even deeper inside of her. As he hit her cervix, Hermione cried out, it was deliciously painful and she wanted more. She set a gruelingly measured pace, each time she slid all the way down, she did one of those little hip circles, grinding him deeper into her. Tom was soon panting, and he sat up, sweeping Hermione's legs behind him. This position gave him better leverage to push up into her. Soon Hermione's mewls turned to howls as she came around him. Tom thrust a few more times before he too came with a shout. "Merlin, Tom, if you keep shagging me like that, I'm staying forever," Hermione whispered as she clung to him in her post-orgasmic bliss. Tom's smirk turned triumphant and his eyes flashed red. Fin. A/N: As always, I'd love to know what you thought!