If you didn't want me eating it all you shouldn't…" Harry was cut off though by Rodolphus stepped close to him and cupping his cheek. "There's the feisty kitten. I knew it had to be there somewhere." He said softly to Harry almost like he didn't want anyone else to hear even though they were alone. A small blush crossed Harry's cheeks but he stepped away from him. "I'm not a kitten." He gave him a small glare but the effect was clearly lost because Rodolphus just smiled. "I've decided to stay for the night. It is getting late and I'm tired. But I don't have any pajamas." "You can barrow one of my pajama tops. I'm sure it will be enough to cover you." Harry nodded at that. The other was so much larger than him that he was sure it would fit like a dress. Rodolphus showed him back upstairs. "This is the room you can stay in. It is right beside mine." He opened the door that connected the two. "This way is the bathroom." Rodolphus walked through his own room and opened the bathroom door before going to his dresser and pulled out a silk sleep shirt for Harry. "You can wear this to sleep in." Harry took the shirt. "Is it ok if I get a shower before bed? I kind want to wash off the day." Harry wanted to wash off the memory of Blaise not that the shower would do that. Rodolphus nodded. "Of course. But before you go to bed you should put more ointment on your bruises." "Ok." Harry went into the bathroom closing the door. He started the shower before stripping down. He stepped in and just let the warm water wash over him for a little while. Having a moment away from Rodolphus he let the events of the day sink in. He was free of Blaise. Or at least he really hoped he was. That was something he would deal with tomorrow. Honestly, he didn't believe Blaise would give up that easily. He started washing up and looking over his bruises. Instead of memories of Blaise grabbing him and yelling at him though he thought about Rodolphus' fingers gently rubbing them as he applied the ointment. Could he be falling for this ex-Death Eater? Even if he was Harry didn't think he was ready for a new relationship. He rinsed off and turned the water off. Harry stepped out and dried off before applying the ointment to the bruises he could reach. He wondered if he should ask Rodolphus to help with the ones on his back. Harry put the sleep shirt and his boxers on. He grabbed his other clothes and put them in the room he would be sleeping in before coming back into Rodolphus' room with the ointment. He hadn't looked at him until now. He had already changed for bed and was wearing the bottoms to the shirt Harry was wearing. Seeing him shirtless made Harry's breath catch in his throat. He could tell before Rodolphus was muscular but he didn't realize they were that big. "Did you need something, kitten?" Rodolphus asked with a smirk as he put down the book he was reading. That made Harry snap out of it. He mental slapped himself for staring. He didn't even realize that Rodolphus had called him a kitten again. "Will you put the ointment on my back for me? I got the other bruises." Rodolphus nodded and set his book down. "Yes, come here and let me see your back." He sat on the edge of his bed. Harry came over and undid the shirt again and slid it down trying to make sure he kept his boxers covered. Rodolphus took the cream and started rubbing it on Harry's back. His fingers working much slower and gentler than Harry's own had. Harry had to bit his lip to keep from moaning this time. That was until he felt Rodolphus' free hand touch his lip and gently worked it free from his teeth. "We don't want you causing yourself more wounds, do we?" He asked softly. Rodolphus was practically wrapped around Harry now and Harry found himself wanting that. Harry shifted around so he was facing him now. He instantly regretted that. Their faces were so close they were almost touching. It felt like forever that they stayed like to Harry but finally Rodolphus sat up straighter. "I've got them all. Good night Harry." He closed the tube and set it on the bedside table. Harry nodded and rebuttoned the shirt. He started to walk back to the room Rodolphus gave him. "Good night Rodolphus." As he put his hand on the door knob though he turned around. "Can I sleep in here tonight?" Harry asked softly and he wasn't even sure if he said it out loud because Rodolphus didn't say anything. They just stared at each other for a moment. "Well I guess I should reward you for being a good little kitten. Come on." He pulled back the covers and got under leaving them open for Harry as well. For some reason this time when Rodolphus called him a kitten he didn't mind it. Harry was sure the room wasn't this big when he crossed it just a moment ago. It felt like an eternity before he was carefully crawling in next to Rodolphus. He was going to face away from him so it didn't see so personal but Rodolphus turned off the light and pulled Harry close. Harry rested his head on Rodolphus' chest and felt his fingers gently rubbing his back again. "Thank you." Harry said as he drifted off to sleep. Rodolphus laid there watching Harry as his chest slowly raised and fell. He slipped his glasses off the sleeping figure and carefully put them on the table. As he laid there awake Rodolphus was sure of one thing, this young man would be the death of him.