stunned with her eyes wide and her mouth agape as if somebody had just slapped her right across her face and told her Voldemort was her father. She just couldn't cope up with the fact that Malfoy apologized, and to her at that. Iris Potter could only stare at Malfoy as he gently put her down. What the hell was going on!? Seriously, what was he playing at? Was this another one of his schemes? Was he trying to loosen her guard? And did he really think that she would be stupid enough to fall into it! It was known by everyone in Hogwarts that she and Malfoy mixed like oil and water with a dash of fire topped by kerosene. Such was their abhorrence for each other, they could barely stand one another in the same room without squabbling and throwing curses. If anything his actions had simply made her warier. And the way Malfoy was acting right now made her shiver. He must be planning something really humiliating… She was so dazed in her dark thoughts that she never realized when bizarro Malfoy covered her figure with a coat snug over her shoulders. It took her a moment to realize the sudden warmth she was feeling, and when she saw Malfoy smiling at her. Whatever retort she had dried up in her throat like burnt up ash. Her anger spiked when she realized that the smile was genuine to a fault, which she thought Malfoy would never be capable off. Especially when it came to her and just to mount her anger further no boy had ever given her such genuine affection without wanting something in return. The sheer ridiculousness of the situation caught her completely off-guard. H-He has no right to smile at me like that! He of all person didn't have that right! "It's too cold in the castle to move around without a robe, look you're already shivering," Malfoy said as he made his way to the dorm. I am shivering because you're acting weird as fuck! Iris raged as she stared at his back with her eyes wide and her lips pressed into a thin line. Her entire being was in such turmoil that she didn't even know just where did her emotions lie such was her confusion. He's acting as if doesn't even recognize me… What game is he playing? Harry ran, he literally ran to his dorm, his Slytherin dorm. He shook his head, being a Slytherin was hardly his biggest problem when there was something totally weird happening with this body and his life. Both of them were a total mess. Just what the hell happened back there!? Such reflexes and awareness were unreal even at the height of his power he didn't have such physical or spiritual acumen, and there was no way Malfoy had that much latent talent. If he did, he would've never won any of the confrontation between them. Just thinking about it made him shiver, his entire senses had gone into an overdrive. It was like going through a high-intense Quidditch match only dialed back hundred times to the maximum. It was a sensory orgasm. For an instant, he had felt so powerful… Whatever it was, it was so addictive . And who was the girl I met earlier? He knew almost everyone from his days at Hogwarts but he had never seen that face before, during his time. It meant that there was a chance that he hadn't time-travelled, he was most probably displaced to a totally different timeline. How else could his parents be alive? But then again what evidence did he have to support his hypothesis… What fresh hell is this? Harry raged. At every turn there were only hurdles, no clear path like usual, he guessed. But unlike last time he didn't have Ron or Hermione on his side. His life had never been easy even after Voldemort's death, things had always been difficult. There were days when he questioned himself just why he even bothered to wake up in the morning. Those days were always hard… If one question was answered than hundred more seemed to pop up. Harry gritted his teeth in anger, it was a long time since he had felt this helpless. He was in a situation where he had no ally or wealth of his own to speak of, and to make matters worse the allies which he could count on were at best shitheads or at worst Death Eaters. He didn't even want to count Crabbe and Goyle as an ally, they were more golem than human. Only good as cannon fodder even that was pushing it a bit. Harry was so lost in his thoughts that he never realized when he had made his way to the dungeons. He spared a single glance towards the dungeon entrance before he spat, "Pure-Blood." He wasn't even the least bit shocked when the doors of the dungeon opened like the legs of a Knockturn Alley whore. The password hadn't changed one bit since the day he and Ron broke into the Slytherin dorm when they were polyjuiced as Crabbe and Goyle. He slowly walked in, his each step measured and cautious. He never liked Slytherins, he hated Draco, and now everything which belonged to him was his. From his arrogance to his wealth. All was his but yet the same time it wasn't. Such a fascinating conundrum. It's time to face the music… With that, Harry finally made his way towards the Slytherin Common Room. So please read and review, tell me your thoughts on whether you like this story or not. Reviews help me get a better idea on how to proceed with the story. If I decide to continue it, it will be a long one like Naruto GOT crossover. This is also a new version of my Possession story. This is more of a prolog just a small tidbit so to speak… READ AND REVIEW!