her, she assumed it was his hand that found how wet she had become from their ministrations. Neville broke the kiss and began kissing down the other side of her neck in search of a breast. "Gods, don't stop," Hermione panted. Her arms were wound around Neville's neck and she felt like she wasn't participating too much, but couldn't make herself move and possibly disturb the peace the wizards had formed. "What in the bloody hell do you think you are doing?" a voice shouted from the doorway. Hermione looked up to find Draco Malfoy standing there with his hands on his hips, looking for all the world like an irate Peter Pan. "Best not offer him the same deal you offered me, kitten," Cormac murmured into her ear, causing Hermione to laugh in response and Neville to smirk. "Get down from there, Longbottom, McLaggen! This is a hospital, not a hotel! You cannot have sex with a patient," Draco scolded the group as slammed the door behind him. He strode more fully into the room and began checking the potions next to her bed. Neville and Cormac both climbed off her bed, each giving her a small peck on the lips as they helped her lay back, covering her up. They both stood to the far side of her bed, Neville near her feet with a hand on her knee and Cormac holding her hand. Draco rolled his eyes at the proprietary way the men were touching her and began casting diagnostic charms. Then Draco went through his routine of asking what she remembered, casting diagnostics, and prescribing various potions. Hermione did remember more. She wasn't sure if it was due to the potions, the photo album, the recent intimacy, or a combination of all of them, but she was remembering dating Neville. She could recall bits and pieces of trips they had gone on, but no complete memories. She was only getting flashes, not the whole picture. She looked at Cormac with sadness in her eyes, "I don't remember Cormac at all," she said quietly. She hated to see the flash of pain the crossed his face. "That's all right, love. I'll help you remember," Cormac squeezed her hand and dropped a kiss on top of her head. Draco assured her that what she had remembered thus far was good, and told the trio that Hermione needed rest. He threatened the other men that if they didn't leave Hermione to rest, he would ban them from her room. Both Cormac and Neville promised Draco they would sit quietly with her, and let her sleep. The potions must have helped because Hermione fell asleep quickly. This time when she woke, the room was dark and she suspected it was in the middle of the night, although she didn't bother with a tempus charm. She rolled over and snuggled back into her bed and thought about both men courting her. Neville was sweet and kind and Cormac was funny and sent her heart racing. Suddenly, she remembered everything. She remembered dating Neville and how amazing he had been. She remembered forming the triad with Cormac, and how in love the three of them had been. And she remembered the fallout. How Neville wanted them to get married and settle down, but Cormac wouldn't give up his career. How Hermione had decided she'd keep them both, even if the triad wasn't to be. She remembered it all, including the fall down the stairs at her parent's house during their Easter trip. And how both Cormac and Neville had been fighting, which was why she had been racing down the stairs, to begin with. She smiled to herself as she drifted off again, a plan already forming in her newly healed mind. The sun was in Hermione's eyes the next time she woke up and she heard her door open. Draco was there going through his routine again. When Hermione told him she remembered it all, he started giving her discharge instructions. She had to be released into the care of someone else, per hospital policy. She hoped Neville and Cormac would arrive soon so she could tell them the good news. Draco finished running diagnostics on her and as he turned to leave, Neville showed up with breakfast, and Cormac was right behind him with tea. Hermione smiled at them both. "I'm getting out today!" "Great news, love!" Cormac replied and bussed her cheek. Neville set up breakfast for the three of them and congratulated her as well. "Which one of you will sign me out?" she asked as she bit into a croissant. "I will," they said at the same time and then glared at each other. "Stop it," Hermione snapped at the pair of them. "I'll go with both of you, or I'll owl Harry to come and release me." Cormac and Neville looked at each other and then nodded in response. They had been a triad once, and they could be one again if it meant that much to Hermione. They left the hospital and settled in Neville's house in Hogsmeade with tea. Hermione sat them both down and told them that she remembered it all. "I won't split my time anymore," Hermione told them both. "We're either a triad, or we all go our separate ways. I want to be in a relationship with you both, this fighting is silly, and I won't stand for it." The wizards argued for a couple of hours before they conceded and saw things Hermione's way. In the end, they always saw things Hermione's way. She was the center of their triad, and neither wizard could live without her. They celebrated Hermione's recovery and their reunion by picking up where they left off in the hospital the previous day. And they lived happily ever after - or as happily as a triad of imperfect people could. A/N: As always I post aesthetics to my works on my tumblr page crochetawayhpff. Thoughts?