Dumbledore. Not only were they the only two adults at Hogwarts I could fully confide in, but this situation required their immediate action. It was all thanks to a bunch of first year snakes. I burst open the door of the classroom to spot Professor Snape sitting in his desk, quill scratching on parchment as an older boy crouched on the floor, grumbling as he scrubbed away at the grime on the stone. Upon my unexpected arrival, his dull eyes snapped up to mine. "Potter, what brings you here uninvited?" He drawled with blatant disinterest, reluctantly setting down his pen to listen. "It's urgent," I implored. "I need you to come with me to see Headmaster Dumbledore." "Potter," he snapped. "Can you not see with your own two eyes I'm currently busied with detention? What could be so demanding you need to barge in and interrupt for?" "He knows." I treaded slowly past the Fat Lady portrait, scanning the Gryffindor common room until I targeted who I needed to talk to sitting on the ruby red cushions by the fireplace. I stepped in front of him, snapping him out of his trance. "Harry, we need to talk." He gave a slow nod. Ron and Hermione exchanged long gazes before departing and leaving us in solitude. I took a seat next to my brother and stared at the flickering flames for a lingering moment, creating a long tranquility. "I thought it was all some crude banter, the nickname... but everyone looked so surprised after he spoke, and you tried to attack him, then left... What did Malfoy mean?" Harry asked, deciding to split the strain. "What did he mean when he called you my older sister?" "He meant exactly what he said," I managed through a shaky breath, refusing to make eye contact. My posture remained stiff at his side. "That's impossible. I'm an only child, I've never had siblings-" I laughed to myself, bringing him back to a silence of anticipation. "Of course, you can't remember me. You weren't even a year old." "But... No one ever mentioned you," he further pressed. "I was dropped at the doorstep of my aunt and uncle, alone." "I didn't get the choice to go with you that night. Dad... He..." I gulped away a forming lump in my throat. "He hid me away to protect me. He locked me inside of a closet - a man made it that night to the scene, he found me and he took me away. He left me in custody of a trusted wizard family - the Weasleys. He told me... He told me you were dead. And so did everyone else." He struggled to find the right words to fit the story, allowing me time to continue. "I bet you were convinced your whole life you were an only child. I didn't have that advantage. I remembered you, and that night as if I was reliving it. I knew very well I had a younger brother by the name of Harry James Potter. I was told, that the night Voldemort came to our home, my brother was killed." A tear forced its way out of my eye at the memory. I sniffed and blinked it away in failing attempts to maintain my composure. "I spent my whole childhood believing what they'd told me. No one thought you were alive - but the people around me knew the truth, and never once told me. I was being tortured by visions of you, by nightmares and dreams..." "Rosalie..." "That night of the Sorting, when I heard them say your name, I refused to believe it was you. Every muscle in my body refused to work, it felt like my world just flipped upside down. When I saw you walk up to the stool, you looked so much like dad. I don't know what came over me, but I stood up and I ran. Dumbledore told me I couldn't tell you, that I had to wait for the time to be right. I tried to stay away from you, just seeing you walk down the halls stung. I was terrified. But Hermione disagreed with what I was doing - she introduced me, and maybe it was the right thing to do, seeing as I got to know you. But Malfoy just had to come and ruin it." At this point, my head had fallen in between my knees as I trembled in feeble attempts to control my sobs. I peeked with anticipated rejection at Harry, however, he no longer appeared baffled. Concern and sadness was etched on creases in his forehead, through the glimmer in his eyes. Did he believe me? "'Your blood is running through the House of Gryffindor - find it,'" Harry recited under his breath. "That's what the Sorting Hat told me when I begged for mercy from Slytherin... I thought it was talking about my parents..." My stomach dropped to the pit of my stomach, my face hidden in my arms as I sobbed. Slim, short arms wrapped around my torso, and in that moment, my lips cracked a smile of relief. I turned towards him and enveloped him around my arms in a spur of joy, feeling all the chains tying me down to the Earth coming undone. His body trembled ever so slightly, but his wide beam could be felt against my shoulder. ... It was then that I felt a looming presence over my frail body. I pulled away from Harry's hold and looked up, eyes blowing wide with fright at the sight of a snake emerging from the fireplace with an atrocious creature beside it, its blood-red eyes directly targeting me. A wand raised, digging into the side of my temple. I reached beside me in defense, only to feel nothing but velvet. Harry wasn't next to me. The common room was empty. An ear-splitting cry wrangled out of my throat as pain overtook my body. Then suddenly, everything was green.