easily finish him." Harry laughed again, but he knew that the other was being completely serious. "Is that why you still asked me to accompany you into those ruins? Irkngthand and the Labyrinthian?" Tom hummed in affirmation and smirked, "the presence of another person also makes traveling through those easier." Harry supposed that much was true, though he honestly doubted Tom would have need of any help even in falmer, draugr, or inferi-infested ruins. "And the objects? I know you're not going to sell any of what you took from Irkngthand." Outside, the wind started howling, and the fire flickered beneath its strength. Tom sighed, leaning forwards, "a part of an experiment I intend to carry out." Harry's mind was suddenly brought back to the skin-covered leather book, and the multiplicity of black tomes he had seen the other read. A word immediately formed in his mind. "Horcruxes?" he asked. Tom just stared at him in total silence, face unreadable, and that was the only fact that told Harry he was right. Harry sighed and leaned into the furs, "what do those do, anyways? I'll admit that I've never heard even a reference." Tom looked away, and everything was silent for the few minutes that it took him to reply. However, when he did, he only gave a slightly cryptic answer. "There is nothing worse than death, or more terrifying. I've taken steps to avoid it." Harry was surprised yet again. "I don't understand that, I think immortality would be a curse" he said softly, voice barely audible. Tom looked as if he were about to stand up and leave the tent, "you wished for something and were tricked by a daedra." Harry barked a bitter laugh, and looked away, "still, I mean it." Tom's response came immediately, "it's been my only fear since I grew up in Riften. What that place showed me-' "You grew up in Riften?" Harry interrupted, honestly surprised. Tom took a few seconds to reply, and Harry didn't miss the brief look of hatred that flashed across his eyes. "A long time ago, and for a time. I grew up in the orphanage." Harry's bitter smile faded away, and couldn't help the feeling of pity that blossomed in his chest. Supposing it explained many of the things he had observed about Tom. He said nothing, however, and allowed them both to descend into a slightly uncomfortable silence. "Back then I discovered that I was a wizard, and magic became everything to me. I couldn't allow death to take it away." Harry had a feeling the other had said that without really thinking, but he looked back at Tom with a smile. It was an experience that mirrored his own. "I felt the same thing when I discovered I was a wizard, back when I was eleven," he started saying. Tom's head perked up with interest. "Back before I made the deal and I was cursed, it got me away from the house I had been living in with my aunt and uncle. It became everything I had, it was what allowed me to be finally meet my parents after many years of being kept away from them." He paused, not really sure or caring about why he was offering the information, "though I can't say that I ever feared death, even before I asked to be cursed." Silence descended between them again, though this time it was peaceful and comfortable. After some moments Harry stiffened, and he slowly raised himself and turned until he was directly in front of Tom, who stared at him with unreadable dark eyes. He had really gotten comfortable around him, hadn't he? "You knew what I wanted when I first found you… if you already knew what I had come to do, why did you not kill me, or at the very least avoid traveling with me?" He upwards, as if remembering. "You made me wonder what the old man could be planning. I thought I could steal away and deprive him of another one of his puppets," he shifted the position of his legs, as if to sit more comfortably. "And your presence was different, it intrigued me, no one had managed to find the trap door and recognise the books I had there" Tom hummed, "you were an anomaly." Harry shook his head, "I'm a normal person, just Harry." Tom looked at him intensively, and the other's expression at what he had just said told him that the other man couldn't disagree more. Harry looked out of the fur tent. It seemed like daytime would arrive relatively soon. "Daytime will arrive soon, I should move," he said, worriedly. He had a growing feeling that it had been a bit over two days since he had last had any blood, and he wasn't sure he'd survive even the slightest sunshine in the state he was now. Tom smiled cordially, "there is a cave nearby, we can move into it quickly. Harry was about to reply when the other suddenly got up and started moving some of the things out of the tent and into the nearby cave. Harry just barely managed to walk into it, and practically crawled himself onto the first set of furs that he saw. Moments of cordial silence went by. Tom looked haunted. "You gave up on a cure for your vampirism when you aparated me, I know Dumbledore would have found something." Harry shook his head, laughed lightly, and felt fully comfortable with what he was about to say. "It would have made me a monster. I wouldn't have been able to live past that, not when you had never harmed me." Tom looked surprised, and Harry just allowed him to relax into the furs. The wind was still blowing quite strongly outside, and he was grateful for the fire Tom had lit again. Maybe everything would be alright. Being a monster was a matter of choice, after all. Harry inched closer to Tom.