look. " I'm not depressed ." "We shall see." Hermione gave a small nod to her working quill and it paused. "Good point. Scratch that." The quill's subsequent scraping caused one of Severus's eyes to twitch. "One of the only decent inventions that that wretched Rita Skeeter ever came up with," she mused in acknowledgement of the self-writing quill, but Severus was ready to carry on. "Why the phone number?" he asked, hoping to side-track his heightening exacerbations. "Because I take on muggle and wizarding patients, and I prefer muggle communication since I choose to be more discreet on the wizarding spectrum. I prefer to keep my practice out of the public eye. Perhaps you can understand why?" She offered Severus a thoughtful, knowing look over. "The press can be quite...overwhelming. And bad for business." Severus pursed his lips, both conflicted and perturbed. "I suppose I shall now have to sign some confidentiality agreement to keep your identity quiet, even if I refuse your treatment?" Hermione smiled again. "You gave your permission when you entered my office...or you wouldn't have followed my secretary into this room, would you?" Severus's shoulders went rigid, having sensed the witch's scanning wards earlier. "No." "And my secretary forewarned you on the phone, I trust?" "Correct." "Then it's settled." Hermione re-crossed one leg over the other, and the subtlety briefly caught Severus's wandering eye. Her legs were bare and smooth, curvaceous, and he couldn't help but consider that she had particularly fetching-looking ankles. He had no bloody business being captivated by her lower half whatsoever and, luckily, Hermione's voice dragged Severus's attentions back to where they belonged: on her face. "Do you intend to refuse treatment; or shall we give this a try?" Severus's insides churned with unpleasantness. The assumption of enduring another round of false hopes was dreadful, the reality of working with Hermione Granger even worse. "What are your intentions, Miss Granger?" he demanded, keeping his expression as emotionless as possible as he stared Hermione down from across an ugly shag carpet and a cup of tea that was now floating towards him. "To get to the bottom of your afflictions and then treat them accordingly." Severus's mouth broke out in a sneer. "I doubt you can help me." To his surprise, she challenged him back in an unruffled voice, "Then why did you come here?" "Because Lucius Malfoy, in his infinite wisdom, seems to think you can cure me." "He's a good man, Lucius," came Hermione's admirable regard. Her lips curved into a peculiar grin that only compounded Severus's frustrations. Between the scarce information he had had to go on and what his friend may be privy to that he wasn't, Severus was beginning to think this whole meeting was a setup. Severus veered off course, his curiosity hungry for more details about the reasoning behind Hermione's smile. "Why did Lucius come to see you?" "I'm afraid I can't disclose that. That would go against patient confidentiality." "Yet, you won't tell me what exactly it is you propose to do about my treatment." Hermione flicked her wand at the quill and it ceased jotting notes. "I can't tell you yet how I intend to treat you until I know more about what you're experiencing, Severus." "Seems like a load of codswallop to me," Severus grumbled under his breath. He placed his arms over his chest, trying to ignore how his prized former student's first name address was garnering an unnecessary stirring in his trousers. Hermione leaned forward in her chair, still the epitome of professionalism, and countered frankly, "You seem to say these things out of fear, Severus. What are you afraid of?" "I'm afraid of nothing , Granger." " Hermione . And bollocks." She snorted, stunning Severus into silence. "Everyone's afraid of something ." She considered him for a short while, in a manner that felt entirely too invasive for his liking, and he wilfully looked away. She rattled his emotional cage a little bit more with another straightforward question. "How many treatments have you tried?" Severus kept his arms tightly crossed and mumbled towards the ground, "Virtually everything." "Muggle medicines? Hypnosis? Potions? Acupuncture? Healing spells?" "Yes," he whispered, his deep voice dispassionate. His eyes remained firmly glued on the carpet. "Have any of them shown minor improvements in the pains resulting from your snake bites?" Severus's eyes flew to Hermione's face, stricken by what she had unearthed without him telling her explicitly. "How do you know?" he snipped with defence. An uncomfortable heat was seeping up his neck and onto his cheeks, and Hermione's obvious sympathy and compassion towards him only made it more pronounced. "I think it's an easy assumption to make, given Nagini's vicious attack. It must have had some lingering effect on you, surely, whether physically or psychologically." She hesitated, drawing somewhat inward for a moment as she stated in a hushed register, "I remember that day very vividly. It was heinous; absolutely heinous . I... I'm sorry." " Whatever for ?" Severus all but snarled back, desiring nothing more than to fly out of the room. Some burly, unflinching sensation was propelling him to stay put, and he sensed that it wasn't entirely of his own free will. Hermione's care and concern endured as she stared into his troubled, gnarly expression. "That you've continued to suffer for as long as you have. Six years is an awfully long time." She waited for a pause, and when Severus retorted nothing else, only ogled her with a mixture of fright and something more that was, as of yet, unexplainable, she pressed on carefully, delicately, "I welcome the opportunity to treat you, Severus. How about you tell me a little about your pains, what has and hasn't worked for you, and we'll go from there?" There was a considerable pause. Then a defeated-sounding bit of closemouthed fuss echoed from the comfy sofa, and Severus reluctantly accepted Hermione's cup of tea. A/N #2 : Thank you to those who review.