in the fire, Harry was more than happy to answer, and he didn't miss James' excited face when he said something about a red-haired girl. OoO By the time Harry was almost eleven, things had gotten worse. James, being the oldest, was designated as heir, and Harry started feeling increasingly lonely for what was the first time in his life. He still got to see his brother, but as James started to accompany their father to meetings as part of his training as heir, Harry found himself spending less and less time with his older twin. The moments with the both of them together in the library or outside in the garden of the manor, with Harry studying and James flying on his broom, grew rarer and rarer, and Harry couldn't help but miss their old proximity and the way things had been. He felt lonely, and soon Harry had found himself spending entire mornings in the library reading by himself, at most with the company of their house elves or his mother. He had always counted on James as his best friend, knew his twin would always be his best friend, but he couldn't help but feel a strange emptiness as days went by. He couldn't tell if something had change – 'it hasn't,' he had been quick to assure himself, James was still his best friend. He couldn't do anything about the strange distance it had put between his twin and him, however, and didn't really know what to think about it. Harry instead refused to even think about it, deciding to focus on getting used to his new days and keep studying. Then came the day when James and Harry received their Hogwarts letters, and the excitement of celebrating their birthdays was combined with that of receiving the letter that said everything they'd need to start Hogwarts that year. Charlus and Dorea even came to celebrate. When, after dinner, Harry automatically made his way back to the library to finish one of the essays he had been set, they had both been left stunned, and by the time Harry had hidden behind one of the bookshelves on the left of the room he had tears welling up and hands covering his ears. The shouting was impossible to ignore as it descended into the room Harry had grown more used to than his own room. "You idiots," Charlus Potter snarled, "this was not what was supposed to be done." "Charlus," Harry's father said, "you have to understand. There's no need to react like that." "React...!" There was a pause. "Harry barely has any time to play with his James anymore, can you even see what you're doing to the boy?" "Charlus, understand. The boy's a seer, he must be ready for–" his mother pleaded. "James and Harry just got their Hogwarts letters, what do they need to get ready for?" "You know as well as I do how bad the political situation is right now!" Harry heard his father shout. "As well as you do? That doesn't affect either of them yet." Harry had never heard Charlus sound that angry. "With how frequently he dreams and sees things it'll be public knowledge by the time he gets to Hogwarts. Harry must be ready to–" "You don't know that," argued a female voice that Harry barely managed to place as Charlus' wife, Dorea Potter. "But they will, Dorea. People have been talking ever since Abraxas died – and we all then know the rumors about who Abraxas really served, that man must know about it by now." Harry shivered at his father's words, and couldn't contain the tears that started making their way down his face. "Which means nothing, you're both basing yourselves on suppositions and theories," Dorea continued. There was a pregnant pause and a long stretch of silence before Euphemia continued instead of her husband. "Of course they will," finally came Euphemia's reply, "and when they do, that dark lord will try to get Harry to–" "You think he'll be made a pawn..." Dorea mumbled. "Yes, and you know it's what that man will attempt. We're close enough to war as it is, and a powerful seer... Dumbledore is right, you know he is." "You've sacrificed his childhood, Fleamont, taken it away." Charlus still sounded angry. "Harry will never get that back, you've been forcing him to grow up too quickly. Made him into a pawn anyways." "A necessary sacrifice. He can't afford to be ignorant for long, not if–" Fleamont Potter replied. Harry, blinking wet, turned and looked back at his Hogwarts letter. He couldn't help shivering, and wished that James had come down with him to the library. Even overhearing the discussion would be more bearable if he was. Harry closed his eyes, and breathed in and out slowly. He had to believe that it would all be okay, that he hadn't actually lost anything to the rigorous classes he had undergone. His father had once said Hogwarts was the most beautiful place he had ever seen, and Charlus had agreed. Hogwarts, the ancient castle with untold secrets and endless rooms that he would explore with James, where he would finally meet more friends. It didn't matter that things had changed, or that he could see things in his dreams or in the fire. When James found him after the shouting had stopped and hugged him, Harry knew . Yes, things back then had been perfect, they had been normal . But they could still be, Harry was sure. His great-uncle Charlus had promised after all – people made their own fates. Harry knew he could still be normal. He had James, after all. When Harry fell asleep in James' bed that night he dreamt a strangely empty dream that gave way to a shack and a ring and a curse. The skies turned dark and stormy, and the only thing Harry managed to clearly remember was the strange engraving on the odd black ring.