their own thinking. "Something important.." "..that involves Harry…" "and some mythology.." The twins hummed in thought for awhile before they grew bored of the topic and continued their inventions. After all, the pranks weren't going to make themselves were they? xXxXxXxXxXx Marge, Vernon's sister, had come to visit the Dursley family. Before being shut up elsewhere within the small house, Harry was forced to clean the house until it sparkled. After he cleaned, he was ordered to make dinner, something that would fit their tastes. And so, with that in mind, he rummaged through their refrigerator, pulling out several pounds of steak, a couple of vegetables and began preparing. He stayed in the hot kitchen, with the window open half way to allow the steam to vent out into the yard. As he waited for the steak to cook, precisely until it was medium rare, he quickly fixed up several bowls of salad, quickly washing the little specks of dirt off the lettuce before cutting it up, and tossing them in a large salad bowl. Just as he had put a bottle of wine into an ice filled bucket, the door bell had rung, alerting the family that Marge Dursley had arrived at the foot of their doorstep. Exclamations and loud voices rang out from the entrance as Harry placed the finished bowl of salad onto the counter – moving onto the next course. "Bring us some wine boy!" Harry silently removed the bottle of wine before placing it onto a food tray, washed several wine glasses and moved on into the living room where the noise had migrated to. Pouring the wine into the glass cups quietly, he handed each adult one before he moved back into the kitchen to finish the meal. Not even ten minutes had passed before he was called to again by Vernon. "Clean that stain off the carpet boy! This instant!" Harry Potter, the boy who lived, now stuck in a home, with a family that could care less about him. A family that didn't love him, didn't care about him, but cared enough for him so they wouldn't stand at the firing end of his wand. Gritting his teeth in anger, he willed himself to calm down before answering, "Yes Uncle Vernon." Getting down on his knees in front of the three pairs of eyes that were watching him, he ignored their verbal jabs at his person. As long as they keep it to just me, everything will be fine. He thought to himself as he furiously scrubbed and dabbed at the stain, annoyed that he still had to live in this so-called 'home' that Dumbledore deemed 'safe' from Voldemort. If anything, he thought, I'm safer with him than this lot. When the stain refused to disappear, he stood up and walked to the kitchen, grabbing the cleaning spray from the kitchen counter. Returning to the living room, Vernon Dursley hissed at him, face practically glowing red with anger. "Who said you were to use our store bought cleaning supplies?" "The stain wouldn't come off." "Well, why don't you use some of that freak talent you've got? Oh right, you can't. You're not allowed." He sneered at Harry, eyes squinting. Harry chose to ignore him and sprayed some of the cleaning supply onto the stain. Vernon grew purple with rage and slapped the bottle from Harry's hand. Forcing Harry's head down next to the carpet, he rubbed his face onto it, leaving Harry with carpet burn on his left cheek. "Lick it." He sneered. Harry tried to throw the man off of him, but between the two body weight, Vernon was clearly heavier than he was. "I told you to lick the stain clean." "Never." Harry shouted from beneath his hand. Grabbing a fist full of Harry's hair, the elder Dursley tugged him up to eye level before bringing his other hand around to backslap Harry full onto his right cheek. Now both his cheeks were injured – one was flaming red from the carpet burn and the other quickly turning black and blue. "Get out of this room." He barked, throwing Harry from his grasp. Stumbling up the stairs, Harry grimaced in pain. Heading to his 'room', he opened the door and slammed it shut behind him. He could hear his uncle – scratch that. He could hear Dursley shouting at the top of his lungs that he would have no dinner tonight, his sister laughing in approval at his punishment. Harry scoffed, like not receiving dinner would be such a bad idea. He could easily call Dobby, the ex-house elf that he had befriended during his second year of Hogwarts, to bring him a meal and to clear the smell within his room. If only I was already seventeen. Harry thought angrily. I need to get out of here and soon. Hey guys! So, this is my second story! I know I haven't finished my first one. It's called Tsunayoshi's Plans , if anyone is interested in reading it! I have begun to have a writer's block for that story, seeing as how I don't know how to pave the way for the ending. So, I started on a new one! Hopefully this one is more interesting than the first, if not better. Grrrr! Thinking about a title for this story took me HOURS! HOURS I TELL YOU! I can't even begin to explain how long and aggravating it took for me to finally pick a title! THIS IS ONE OF THE REASONS WHY I WILL NEVER BE AN AUTHOR! D: I strive to write better stories, not only because it helps with my grammar, but it also helps me focus – because I tend to procrastinate a lot on things that do not interest me at all. So, I hope you guys like the first chapter, and I'll try to write the next chapter when I have time. Review and comment please. Even private messages are welcome! See you guys!