on my love life, Aunt Lily?" "Oh, yes," Lily says with a smile. "And I beat Harry too." Harry rolls his eyes. "You're hilarious, Mum. Now, when did this happen? I want all the details." Grinning, Ginny walks into the kitchen, grabbing a brownie before recounting the story. "- and then, she leans in and I'm panicking, but it was the best kiss of my life. She had to leave after, but she did smile at me, so I assume it's good?" Lily rolls her eyes. "Ginny, honey, if this girl likes you even half as much as you like her-" "She does," Harry interrupts. "-then it's more than good." Ginny grins. x.X.x "I need advice," Ginny announces, sitting cross-legged on Harry's bed. Harry raises an eyebrow. "I don't think I'm the right person to ask about female puberty." "Haha, very funny, Potter," Ginny snarks. "But seriously, it's about Luna. I want to ask her to be my girlfriend, but I have no idea how to do it." Harry shrugs. "Cho and Cedric just ambushed me and kissed me, but you've already been there and done that." Sighing, Ginny drops her face into her hands. "I just don't know who to ask." Harry's quiet for a minute and the two brainstorm in content silence until- "We could ask Cho and Cedric." x.X.x Ginny knocks on Cho's door three times before stepping back and waiting for a response. The door opens almost instantly, and Cho's face pokes out. "Hi, Ginny," Cho says warmly, kissing Ginny's cheeks. "Hi, sweetheart." Harry's cheeks go pink at the sight of his girlfriend and Ginny suppresses the urge to laugh at him. Cedric's face joins Cho's in the doorway. "Wotcher, Ginny. How have you been? Hi, love." Harry's face is bright red. Ginny doesn't even try to suppress her laughter this time. Cho opens the door further and they step in. Cho's house is beautiful, a mix of modern and ancient architecture. Cedric flops onto one of the couches and Cho sits daintily beside her. Harry joined them, tucking his feet under his lap and leaning into Cedric, who rests his face into his boyfriends shoulder. Cho rests her feet onto both of their laps and the three turn to look at Ginny expectantly. "Harry said you wanted some advice," Cho prompts softly. Ginny nods, gathering her words. "I want to ask Luna to be my girlfriend but I don't know how. I mean, she kissed me but I don't know if it was a one time thing or-" "Ginny, relax," Cedric says kindly, smiling at her. "I know just how to do it, but first, you need to calm down. I'll do you no good to stress yourself out." Ginny takes a deep breath. The sight of the three happy kids just fills her with more determination. It's all she ever wants her and Luna to be- forever happy in each other's company. x.X.x Hermione Granger's house is located in a plain but beautiful area, filled with houses that look the same but gardens that bloom every winter. The sight is so familiar that Ginny smiles despite herself. She and Hermione have spent so much time here and it's time to get it back. Crossing her fingers, Ginny knocks. Monica Granger opens the door, her hair just as bushy as her daughters but her eyes far kinder. Upon seeing Ginny, her mouth drops. "Hi, ," Ginny says, forcing her mouth into a smile. "I was wondering if I could talk to Hermione?" seems to regain her balance and smiles back. "Of course, Ginny. Let me just call her." She disappears into the house and Ginny awkwardly shuffles her feet, waiting. There's an energy in the air that she hasn't felt before, the real potential that she might get back something she thought she had lost forever. Hermione pops out of the door just then, dressed in a shirt declaring her as president of the Human Rights club. Ginny smiles. Clearly Hermione hasn't changed much. "Hi, Hermione. I was wondering if we could talk?" Hermione stares at her and for a second, Ginny thinks it's too late. Hermione's going to say no and they'll be back to square one and- "Sure." Or maybe not. Maybe their friendship still stands a chance. Maybe the past still can be salvaged. x.X.x "How'd your conversation go with Hermione, Ginny?" Luna asks, her tone a mix between concerned and hopeful. Ginny's never really known how lucky she is, but Luna makes her feel blessed every day. "Okay," Ginny says honestly. "It wasn't perfect right away but I apologized to her for the way I acted. It wasn't fair to her or Fred." Luna smiles fondly, leaning over to kiss Ginny's cheek. "I'm so proud you." Ginny's answering blush says everything for her. x.X.x One month later "Harry wants to meet you." Luna frowns. "I've met Harry before. He's very nice. He collected my books for me once when I got distracted by some birds and forgot them." "I know that, silly." Ginny laughs. "But he wants to meet you as my girlfriend. It'll be him, his mum Lily, my mum, and my dad… but only if you want. I don't want to make you uncomfortable." Luna smiles softly. "Okay, Ginny. But I do request your mum makes more pudding." "Deal," Ginny says quickly. "But I kinda lied… it'll be a few more people then that." "Oh?" Luna says, raising an eyebrow. "Like who?" "Well…" Ginny hesitates. "My brothers, too, Harry's dad, my great aunt Muriel, she's a terror, Fred wants to bring Hermione, and then there's-" "Ginny." Luna laughs. "It's okay. I'll meet everyone if you want." Ginny kisses Luna's cheek gratefully. "I love you." Luna's eyes widen and Ginny freezes as she realizes what words have slipped. "Luna I didn't- I'm so sorry-" "I love you." Luna says back and Ginny's body relaxes, her arm wrapping around her girlfriend. ( It's all going to be okay. All is well.)