eyes blank and his regular coffee mug in hand. 'My work here is done,' she replied, shrugging. 'I was only here to clean up the Department and then piece it back together. You know I'm not an inventor or researcher, Malfoy.' 'No, but you're an excellent leader,' Malfoy countered, setting the mug down on the edge of her desk. 'Stay, Granger. Don't go.' There was a pleading note in his voice that made her feel extremely guilty, but as with Ron, her decision was made. Hermione shook her head and smiled at him sadly, a traitorous tear escaping her tenuous control. 'You'll be an even better head, Mr Potion Inventor,' she countered, a hint of pride in her tone. 'And I'm just moving across the Hall, if you need any professional advice.' She picked up the coffee, savouring each sip like she'd never done before. 'I can never thank you enough for all the coffees, Malfoy,' she stated sadly. 'Good luck with the Department. You definitely deserve the job more than I do. I've done all I can here. The rest is now up to you.' She hesitated for a second, then carefully leaned forward to hug his broad frame. Malfoy stiffened, obviously unaccustomed to such displays of affection. Hermione could feel the muscles in his body slowly relax as he hesitantly returned the hug. 'I'll see you around, Malfoy,' she said finally, stepping back and grabbing her things before walking out of the office for the last time. She didn't look back as he followed her out, but her hand reached down to squeeze his reassuringly one last time. 'Goodbye, Granger,' he replied, his voice surprisingly husky. Draco's Office Department of Mysteries Ministry of Magic Draco's POV 2 weeks later… The MLE Department of the Ministry had welcomed her with open arms, and Granger had immediately been offered the post of Department Head, since there had only been a temporary head after Kingsley. She'd taken a two week vacation after she'd left the DoM, though, and was now back and seemed to have accepted the new position. Draco smiled softly as he sat in his new office. The office they'd renovated together. Her office. She'd always been a good strategist and duellist, so he knew MLE was perfect for her. But he missed her here, drinking his coffee and bossing him around. She may have been Muggleborn, but she was hands-down the most intelligent person he knew. And he realized he still wanted her in his life. The idea that popped into his head made him pause, and he smiled as he put away the forms he'd been filling. They weren't urgent, and could wait just a little bit longer. He strode purposefully to the department's coffee machine, carefully preparing it just the way she liked. Black, two sugars, and a dash of milk. He pictured her smug smirk from that day, in her broom closet of an office. Coffee in hand, he headed for the MLE Department, which was, in fact, across the hall from the DoM. Hermione's Office Department of Magical Law Enforcement Ministry of Magic Hermione's POV A few minutes later… The huge stack of files on her desk mocked Hermione as she worked her way through them, catching up on all the investigations the MLE had undertaken since the end of the war. It was her first day as the Head of the MLE, a post that Harry had happily thrust at her, and now she could see why. The sheer amount of paperwork the job entailed was insane. The knock on her office door was a welcome distraction as she leaned back and rotated her shoulders a couple of times to relax them. 'Come in,' she called, trying not to let her voice betray her frustration. A familiar blond head poked in, wide grin firmly in place. 'Welcome back to the Ministry, Auror Granger,' Malfoy quipped, stepping into her office and shutting the door behind him. 'I come bearing gifts,' he added, raising the coffee mug with a grin. 'Malfoy!' Hermione brightened up considerably. 'You're a gift from Merlin himself.' 'So I've been told, by many, many women, Granger,' Malfoy grinned winningly, and ignored the cushioned chairs she'd placed across the table from hers. Instead, he made his way to her side of the table, clearing the files off one corner of it and perching himself on the newly freed space, ignoring the way she clicked her tongue in irritation. He carefully handed her the coffee mug, and made himself comfortable as she took the first sip 'We need to amend our agreement,' he declared. 'I don't have as much time to make coffee as I used to. So, let's make it coffee once a day, and you have dinner with me one night every week?' Hermione found herself grinning in response. 'Draco Malfoy, are you making a move on me?' she asked, a teasing lilt to her tone. 'I believe I am, Ms Granger,' he responded, his smirk dissolving into a hopeful smile. 'But I do have one more condition. This corner of your desk is mine to sit on. I refuse to sit across the table from you like one of your stupid employees, and the view is amazing. Do we have a deal?' Hermione nodded, smirking. 'I suppose we do.' 'I don't suppose you'd be willing to seal it with a kiss?' Malfoy asked cheekily, but Hermione could see the hope shining in his eyes. Hermione grabbed his tie and pulled so that his head was level with hers. 'You tell me,' she whispered, before meeting his lips with hers. A/N: Yup. That's that! Comments? Suggestions? My ears are peeled! Unbeta'd, so please let me know if there are any grammar mistakes that I missed. Also, if you are following me or this fic, I apologize if you got a notification about a second chapter being uploaded here. I was unable to make a correction, and was forced to repost. Sorry!