her on the top of her head, it was a small gesture, but it was so full of love that it stopped Albus "Ahhhhhhh Daaaad Get a Room Reeeallly" Ginny and Harry both laughed so wholeheartedly the blood rushed into Albus's face, "it's not that funny!" Albus stormed around the corner and up the stairs, Harry and Ginny's laughter trailing behind him. Ginny called for Kreacher and with a crack he was in the dining hall. Ginny spoke quietly, and quickly "Kreacher, I need you to go upstairs, keep an eye on the children. I need to talk to Harry, and I can't have them interrupting just now, do you understand?" "Oh yes Mistress Potter" Ginny cringed visibly at this "Kreacher, will I ever get you to call me Ginny" Kreacher bowed his long angler nose almost touching the floor "Yes Mistress Ginny" And is a loud crack he was gone. Ginny rolled her eyes, and sighed. Harry had taken a seat to her left, his face full of concern. Harry was surprised because the mood charged so quickly. "Ginny, what is it?" Harry began, but Ginny smiled sweetly at him like she always did and he melted. There was a concern in her eyes. Her eyes flittered to a small hand bag, reaching for it, she pulled out an envelope that was twice the size of the bag itself. Harry smiled when he saw it. It was the letter from Hogwarts, Albus would be entering his first year, and Harry was overwhelmed with pride. Ginny began to speak and her tone, stopped him short, not to mention what she said "Minerva came by today to drop off the Hogwarts letters." Minerva McGonagall was now the Headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. But Harry would always remember her was the Head of Gryffindor house, his transfiguration professor, and the outstandingly, brave woman that fought alongside him, his future wife, and family in the war against Voldemort. His hand went unknowingly up to the lightning shaped scar on his forehead, it had not pained him in many years. Ginny's eyes had a look of seriousness, Harry knew that look. "What's up?". "We got letters for James and Al, but Harry…. there was a third letter that Minerva thought best if she brought here." She slid the folded piece of parchment, address up toward him on the table. Harry looked down at it, the same green ink, written in Minerva's hand. It read Oliver Vernon Dursley 4 Privet Dr. Little Whinging Harry took in a deep breath, Ginny slid her long, thin fingered hand over his, and squeezed lightly "I know," She whispered. Harry stared at the letters trying to will them to change, knowing that they wouldn't. "Dudley will never allow this." Ginny simply nodded "And Petunia?" Harry sighed, closing his eyes. He hated to think what his Aunt would do to Oliver. Thinking back at all the pet names that his aunt had, had for Dudley while they were growing up. Harry hated to think what she would now called Oliver when no one was around. Julie called Oliver, Ollie, and that was cute, but lord only knew what would happen now. Harry knew that he could not just send this letter, there could be no owls, no surprises, if there could only be a way that he could get Dudley to come here. Harry looked at Ginny "Do you think that Dudley would come here for dinner. He may not bring Oliver, but if we could get Julie on board." Ginny grinned "Who said Julie wasn't on board?" Harry laid the letter back on the table, "Have you told Julie yet?" Ginny went to the stove to start a kettle for tea, in seconds the whistle was blowing, she brought Harry a nice hot cup of tea. "Sit down, and I will fill you in." He pulled out a chair and sat down, worried just what his wife had been up to. "Julie and I talk quite often, she knows much more about us than Dudley does. She has tried to talk to him, but he has been raised to think that our kind are all bad. She told me something last year that I never told you, but I think now I have to." "Harry, Julie's grandmother was a witch. It was never talked about outside the family. When she met Dudley, and he talked about you, she knew she couldn't tell him the truth. She never thought it would come up since neither her mother, nor her had no powers. Now, she will have to tell him." Harry sat in a shocked silence, "I'm lost… Julie got told by Dudley about us, so Julie came to you to tell you about her family, but made you promise not to say anything? Why tell you anything?" Ginny sighed heavily, and spoke as if talking to a child, "Honey, she has been locked away from our kind all her life. When she asked questions, she was told that it didn't matter, because it didn't have anything to do with them. She grew up knowing, but not knowing, can you see how confusing that was for her? Then she marries a man that knows about us too, and wants to talk to him. Once again, only to be told that it is bad." Harry twisted his cup in his hands, "So that is why she contacted you? But, what do we do now?" Ginny got up and kissed Harry's head, "How about you let me deal with this one, you just relax, and things will work out the way they are supposed to." Harry smiled, "Ginny, you have never dealt with the Dursleys, they are a very close minded. For now, I will agree to let you deal with it, things went really good with Dudley today, so no surprises, OK?" ... Thank you for reading, the next chapter will be posted next week... please leave me reviews!