towards Hermione, he saw her face: she looked sad, and concerned. For a brief moment, Harry wondered why; and he cursed internally as he realized what was coming. They always do this, he thought. "It's not your fault Harry," she said and Ginny sat upright, turning towards him. "You say that but-" Ginny cut over him, "Harry, it isn't. None of it is." Harry shook his head: they didn't understand, "You don't get it. You don't know what happened." "What happened, then, Harry?" Ginny started, defiant, "Everyone saw you, held – held-" Ginny's voice broke, and she hugged him: even Hermione's eyes had turned watery. "We saw you, in Hagrid's arms, Harry," she whispered. "You couldn't have known that you'd survive his killing curse again- what, Harry?" she asked as his face turned stony. They are so wrong , he thought; he hadn't survived, that was what made it hard. "I'll- I'm not ready to say it, just yet, Ginny," he said, suddenly feeling as if the weight of the sky above was pressing down on his shoulders. It was strange, he wanted to scream and shout, to roar and tear his own heart out. However, when he was given the chance he shied away. It felt unusual, and it only incensed Harry more. "I don't-" Her face hardened, "Then you'd best get ready. You did nothing wrong, Harry." Harry said nothing more, but his arm tightened around Ginny's waist and she returned to resting her head on his shoulder. Hermione sighed slightly, looking at them both. "Harry, you know, we really need to see about getting that hair cut now we're back," she said, fiddling with her wand idly. "Yeah. I'll ask Mrs Weasley to do it tomorrow," he said. He felt cathartic, drained. (*) They ate the dinner in relative silence, and it made Harry's throat feel tight. Never before had a dinner at the Burrow been like this. He took the opportunity to look at the clock on the wall, and studied it's hands. They were all at home, apart from Fred, who was travelling. A chill went down Harry's spine, and his throat felt as if it were being squeezed, trapped staring at Fred's face on the clock. He was glad when Mr Weasley broke the silence and Harry was able to tear his gaze away. "Ah, Harry, have you thought yet about what you're going to do now?" "Um, what do you mean, Mr Weasley?" "Well, I was thinking – and do correct me if I'm wrong – that you wanted to become an auror," Arthur took a sip from his glass, "Is that still your ambition?" Harry paused: it was a good question. What did he want to do? He still wanted to become an auror, but he had just spent a year of his life hunting down horcruxes. He had just been involved in, no, been the centrepiece of one of the greatest battles in magical history. "I think it'd be nice to take a short break first," Harry said. Ron looked at him, and nodded, mouthful of food. "We deserve a break," he said after swallowing. "Besides, we're famous enough now we'll never have to work again, eh?" "George, what are you going to do about the shop?" Ginny asked quietly, and George looked up for the first time in the meal: his eyes were bright red, and his face was bruised and cut more than anyone else. He shrugged, and looked down again. Harry wanted to say something, but, as he frequently found nowadays, his throat was too dry. "I don't know." George's voice was weak, uncertain, and shook with each syllable. Ron spoke up first, "I could help out, you know? With the shop." "You don't have to, it's alright-" "No, I'll help out, mate," Ron interrupted his brother. George didn't say anything for a long moment. "Thanks," he muttered, finally. Ron didn't say anything, and just returned to stuffing his face. The dinner was quiet again after that, Harry noted, and he realized that the Weasleys too were recovering. He wondered how long it'd take them to recover – if they would recover. Harry pushed his plate forwards, "Thank you, Mrs Weasley: I'm full. I'll head to bed, if that's alright?" Mrs Weasley nodded, and Ginny stood up with him, "I'll show you the way, Harry," she said, leading him by his hand. Her room was on the first floor, and Harry was acutely aware of the fact that there were several sets of eyes on him as he was lead into her room. When they entered, Harry shut the door behind them: her room had not changed much, it was still littered with posters of the Weird Sisters and Ginny's favourite team, the Hollyhead Harpies. Where Ginny's bed once was, was what appeared to be a new double bed (although Harry suspected Mrs Weasley just cast a few charms on her original bed). "So, we can get Hermione to get your stuff out of her bag and put in here," Ginny commented idly as she sat on the end of the bed looking at Harry, who felt almost perturbed by her gaze. "Yeah, uh, do you think George will be alright?" Harry asked, and Ginny stiffened for a moment before relaxing again. "I'm not sure. It'll help having Ron with him at the shop though." Harry nodded: his mouth was dry, and he didn't know what he should do next. Ginny slowly slipped out of her top in front of him, and Harry's breath caught in his throat. Her skin was light, almost pale, and freckled, and her body was lithe and feminine. She was beautiful. "Harry…" she said, looking at him, and Harry struggled to tear his eyes away to her face. "Ginny – I'm – can we wait a little longer? It's not you, I just feel…" Ginny nodded, "It's fine. I understand – but don't you wait too long on me." "I won't," Harry promised.