were a lie, and these days, I succeed, mostly. Sometimes I fail, but I always get back up again, and that has to count for something. I miss you. I missed you even more this past year. Actually, I think I always miss you, equally as much, but just that this last year I've had more time to think about missing you and how I really shouldn't. I can't help it. It's just... everything. I remember what it was like before, and how it could have been if you hadn't... I try not to think about it, but it's difficult. I still can't keep those two realities apart. Sometimes it just blurs into what I would have liked it to be like, but then I realise that it just doesn't work that way. The ridiculous Werewolf law was annulled, which came as a real surprise. It's nice to make proper money again, to work for an honest pay, but I don't suppose you really care. It's funny, actually, that now that I'm finally getting paid properly at the ministry, Albus asked me for a favour. He wants me to go to Hogwarts next year, and teach Defence against the Dark arts. It feels like he took you from me. I still said yes. Is that selfish? I think I'll actually enjoy teaching. I don't know why, but it seems like something that would fit me. I'd never imagined myself to ever teach—definitely not at a school where the Headmaster is actually aware of what I am—but I suppose it's a nice change from doing papers all day and getting nothing in return. Now I get to do papers all day and educate people. I suppose that's what we call progress. He thinks it will be great. He says that this way I can keep an eye on him and meet his friends, and that now we can have lunch together and I can show him secret spots. He's making himself sick with excitement but it's adorable in that way where it hurts just a little. He already decided that, no matter what, he is never cutting his hair, ever again, because all the girls think he's sexy and older boys wink at him. I'm not sure how I feel about that last part, but I can't very well blame them, can I? I fell for it. There is no plausible reason why they wouldn't fall for it either. When we began packing our trunks for next year, he stuffed your pillow into mine. It takes up almost a complete quarter of my space and I won't be able to bring half the books I wanted to, but for some really stupid reason he was proud and I was smiling. Have I always been this fucking giddy? I think that maybe, if I try hard enough, and I try long enough, maybe there will only be this single segment of my heart left that misses you, and then maybe in the years passing that too, will waver, and perhaps then there will only be the tinniest corner of me that needs you, and it will be okay. At least I know I've always been this needy. I hope that one day I will wake up and instead of thinking: "he's not here," I will think: "he's there," and if I can only get so far, I might have made it. Because that is admitting that no matter how hard I try not to think about it, you did me wrong. You did us wrong. You did James wrong. And how can I forgive you for that? I don't want to say it and perhaps writing is even worse, but you killed our best friend. Do you remember when you said: "love, our baby will be the most beautiful baby by far," and then James stuck out his tongue and you joked that it didn't matter, because we'd share with him. You made me feel like we were family. You made it sound so okay. When we babysat for Harry you were always on your best behaviour, you went into Padfoot mode and gave him the time of his life. You almost got him killed, too. How does that make you feel? You were going to share a life with that boy Sirius. A whole life. We were going to walk him to school, the three of us, as soon as he was old enough. On Sundays James brought him for brunch and you baby proofed the house, "just to be sure". How did that fit into your nicely constructed trick? How did you manage to squeeze that little acting work in? Did it really come so naturally on you? Maybe one day when I'm older I'll be able to remember you and not feel bad about it. Right now, it's just an impossible feat, because even when Orion isn't here, there is always a reminder. When I do the dishes, I think of you and your fervent distaste of soap. It's not that you were lazy, not at all, you'd set the table and clean, but never even once, did you come near me when I was doing dishes. And then later when I'm watching television I'll think of you and cuddling and that is never good. Stupid things too, like baths and sandwiches. Because we had a life together, and how can I just let that go? These eleven years can't erase the eleven we had before. I have to go now, because we're supposed to be visiting my parents. Have I mentioned that I miss you? I wish you were here. I wish I could touch you. But I guess it's all in vain. Love, Remus In the paper there is a picture of a family and Peter Pettigrew. Peter is at Hogwarts but so will Remus be and that cannot be good, and just like that, Sirius' decision is made. This time, he will do the right thing.