it. But he couldn't do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead, Harry? That was no ordinary cut. That's what yeh get when a powerful, evil curse touches yeh - took care of yer mum an' dad an' yer house even - but it didn't work on you, an' that's why yer famous, Harry. No one ever lived after he decided ter kill 'em, no one except you and Tia, an' he'd killed some o' the best witches an' wizards of the age - the McKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts - an' you an' Tia was only babies, an' you two lived." Hagrid explained. Wow, that is a lot to take in. Hagrid looks at us, sadly. "Took yeh two from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledore's orders. Yer dad, Tia, gave you to me and said that you deserved to be with some family over on yer mother's side because yer dad an' his family are not on good terms. Brought Harry ter this lot…" Hagrid started and then the man interrupted Hagrid. "Load of old tosh." he piped in, making Harry and I jump. The man was glaring at Harry. "Now, you listen here, boy, I accept there's something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn't have cured - and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no denying it, and the world's better off without them in my opinion - asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types - just what I expected, always knew they'd come to a sticky end -" the man started but Hagrid leapt over the sofa and draws a pink battered umbrella, pointing it at the man and I'm glad that Hagrid stops the man from rambling. How could he say that to Harry? "I'm warning you, Dursley - I'm warning you - one more word…" Hagrid said and the man fell quiet. "That's better." Hagrid said, breathing heavily and sitting back down. I bet that Harry still has questions and so do I. "But, what happened to Vol-, sorry - I mean, You-Know-Who?" Harry asked. "Good question, Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. That's the biggest myst'ry, see...he was gettin' more an' more powerful - why'd he go? Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Some say he's still out there, bidin' his time, like, but I don' believe it. People who was on his side came back ter ours. Some of 'em came outta kinda trances. Don' reckon they could've done if he was comin' back. Most of us reckon he's still out there somewhere but lost his powers. Too weak to carry on. 'Cause somethin' about you finished him, Harry. There was somethin' goin' on that night he hadn't counted on - I dunno what it was, no one does - but somethin' about you stumped him, all right." Hagrid explained. Then what Harry said took me aback. "Hagrid, I think you must have made a mistake. I don't think I can be a wizard." Harry said. Hagrid chuckled. "Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was scared or angry?" Hagrid asked. Harry then looked back at him, smiling and Hagrid beamed at him. "See? Harry Potter, not a wizard - you wait, you'll be right famous at Hogwarts." Hagrid said then the man spoke up. "Haven't I told you he's not going? He's going to Stonewall High and he'll be grateful for it. I've read those letters and he needs all sorts of rubbish - spell books and wands and -" the man started but Hagrid cuts him off. "If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you won't stop him. Stop Lily an' James Potter's son goin' ter Hogwarts! Yer mad. His name's been down ever since he was born. He's off ter the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he won't know himself. He'll be with youngsters of his sort, fer a change, an' he'll be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had, Albus Dumbled -" Hagrid started but the man cuts him off again. "I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS!" the man yelled. Hagrid was getting angrier and angrier of the man. "NEVER-INSULT-ALBUS-DUMBLEDORE-IN-FRONT-OF-ME!" Hagrid thundered as he raised the umbrella at Dudley and with a wave of the umbrella, Dudley now has a pigtail coming out of his behind. As the family was freaking out and going into the other room, I giggled. "Shouldn'ta lost me temper, but it didn't work anyway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so much like a pig anyway there wasn't much left ter do." Hagrid said. "Be grateful if yeh two didn't mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts, I'm - er - not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin'. I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an' get yer letters to yeh an' stuff - one o' the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job -" Hagrid started but I cut him off. "Why aren't you supposed to use magic?" I asked. "Oh, well - I was at Hogwarts meself but I - er - got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an' everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore. "Why were you expelled?" Harry asked. "It's gettin' late and we've got lots ter do tomorrow. Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an' that." Hagrid said and he gave Harry is coat. "You can kip under that. Dn' mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o' dormice in one o' the pockets." Hagrid said and then we took off.