to help Lyra move on. He still wears his wedding band." Scorpius looked at Harry worried. "I need to talk to Pansy about this, he is beating himself up for something he had no control over. He is one of my oldest friends and I worry he is going to do something drastic to stop the pain." Harry sighed deeply before starting to walk again. Scorpius frowned as they grabbed the pokey and landed in front of Hogwarts. "I worry about him and Lyra, mum always told me I need to be there for father if anything happens. She must have known I would be the strong one." Harry pulled Scorpius into a hug and smiled, "You have made your mum proud Scorp, I will make sure he is okay don't you worry." "Thanks, Uncle Harry," Scorpius smiled and walked towards the front door before opening them and taking a deep breath. "That's Professor Potter to you," He winked and ruffled his hair, "Let's get you to the common room, I think I saw Lily lounging in there before I left to get you." Scorpius rolled his eyes and chuckled, "I still wonder how Harry Potter became the Slytherin Head of House and Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher." Harry smirked before winking, "Maybe I wanted to and the sorting hat loves me, I had to wear it to figure out which one I would be part of. It still amazes me I was told Slytherin, Pansy wouldn't leave me alone about it." When they reached the common room, they saw Lily jump up and blush before giving Scorpius a hug. "You were supposed to stay home longer, I thought with this weekend being…" She trailed off before biting her lip. "Sweetie I told you about that, now I am heading back to your mother. Please don't hex each other while I am gone." Harry laughed and left the common room to head to his quarters. Lily looked up at him, "Are you okay? I know this must be hard to come back so soon." She reached for his hand. "I am fine Lily, I just wanted to come back now to make sure you didn't beat me in grades." He smirked before sitting on the couch. "Lyra told me to give you this, she thinks you are my girlfriend." Scorpius handed her a picture. "This is so sweet of her and why would that be bad? I mean I know you are my best friend but you don't have to make it sound so bad." She looked hurt but he didn't see it. Lily looked at the picture and smiled, it was a picture of a cat that had too much fur and looked like a ball of yarn. The tail was short and it was painted green and blue because those were Lyra's favourite colours. Scorpius laughed and looked over at her, "Yes Lily you are my best friend and I don't want to lose that. I know you think I'm attractive, most girls do." Draco arrived home after dropping Lyra off at Blaise's house, she was promised a sleep over at Uncle Blaise's house today. He pulled out his bottle of fire whisky and opened it up before taking a long sip. The picture he was holding last night was laying on the table and wrinkled, without Lyra there he was depressed and missed her more than normal. Two hours later and two bottles of firewhiskey empty, Draco sat in his favourite chair and cried as he looked at his pensive and watched another memory. June 13, 2001 " Draco come on, we need to get to the reception. They are probably all wondering where we ran off to." Hermione moaned as he ran his hands over her breasts and kissed her neck. " They can wait a little bit longer, I need you right now," Draco smirked against her skin and thrust himself inside her making her moan loudly and scrape her nails down his back. He picked up his speed and the sound of skin smacking was all that could be heard besides their moaning. Hermione flipped them over on the couch and started to ride him as she arched her back and took him in deeper. She heard Draco groan and felt him thrust harder as she felt a tingling in her stomach as she tightened around him and she screamed his name. Draco flipped her over and grinned, "I told you I love to hear you screaming my name." He thrust in her six more times before he came inside her and collapsed next to her on the couch. "I love you Hermione Malfoy." " I love you Draco Malfoy, we need to get dressed now. Good thing I planned on changing into a different dress." She grinned before kissing him and standing up to get dressed. Draco pulled out of the memory and sighed before hearing a Pop behind him, he turned around and frowned. "What do you want?" He slurred his speech a little and snapped his fingers making the pensive disappear. Theo looked at his friend and sighed, "I thought you would be like this, how much did you drink?" "I think just this one, I could be wrong." Draco held up a half empty bottle of firewhiskey to Theo, who just shook his head. "You have two empty bottles on the floor, I think you have had enough Draco. Give me the bottle and we can talk." Theo held his hand out and sighed frustrated when Draco downed the rest of the bottle. "She's gone Theo, gone forever and I loved her." Draco broke down and cried as he pulled his knees to his chest. "I loved her, the only women I ever loved is gone." I hope you enjoyed this and as always please review to let me know what you think! I love all of you lovely readers and hope I didn't make you too sad. Crazy4Wood