made their way over to the infirmary after Voldemort had called upon Severus with the aid of a house elf. There, the three met up at the entrance and entered the infirmary to see Harry Potter lying on the small cot. "Harry Potter." Voldemort breathed. "To what do I owe the pleasure of Dumbledore's Golden Boy visiting my home?" Harry scowled. "I am not Dumbledore's Golden Boy. Not after what happened." "After what happened?" The older wizard intoned. "He had Weasley and Granger send me letters stating that they were not allowed to speak to me for the rest of the summer. Then he had Alastor Moody threaten my uncle which lead to him –" "It's quite all right to tell us Harry. We've seen what happened." Angela softly whispered. "They beat me. The Dursleys have always abused me. I can't live with them any longer. I CAN'T HANDLE IT!" He screamed, heaving his frustrations out at the three people before him. "And what is it that you have come to my manor for?" "I've come to ask you for asylum." "Oh? And what makes you think that I will allow refuge in my home?" "Because I know what the prophecy says." said Harry, as he stared at Voldemort's red eyes. "I'm sure your precious Death Eaters cannot say the same." "What is it?" hissed Voldemort. "Tell me now, boy!" "You must grant me asylum or I shall not speak of it." "How about I kill you now and get this war over with?" "Because, I can tell you the members of Dumbledore's Headless Chicken Order." With that, Harry watched as Voldemort's eyes took an interest. "You must promise not to hurt those I trust either. You must swear it." "I, Thomas Marvolo Riddle, also known as Lord Voldemort, Lord Slytherin of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Slytherin, do hereby grant asylum to Harry James Potter. I shall not hurt those that Harry Potter trusts. So I say, so mote it be." A bright glow enveloped the Dark Lord before he whispered, " Lumos ." and his wand lit up brightly like Christmas Lights. Harry let out a sigh in relief, sinking back into the fluffy pillows. "I, Harry James Potter, do hereby change my alliance in the Second Wizarding War to join Lord Voldemort and shall not take part in harming him. I promise that whatever I have to say about Dumbledore and the Light Side is true to the extent of my knowledge. So I say, so mote it be." The same bright glow enveloped the young wizard before he whispered, " Lumos ." and his wand lit up just as bright. "Do you know what you've done?" asked Severus. "I've just handed Voldemort the war and the Wizarding World. I did not ask to be the Savior. I did not ask to be the hero. I did not want any of this. It's because of magic that I've been abused for all these years. I've had it." Harry sighed, staring at the ceiling. "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches… Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies… and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not… and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives… The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies…" "What was that?" "It's the prophecy. I promised to tell you if you granted me asylum." Harry whispered. "And you know what's funny? You've already died by my hand once – when I was a baby. Yet, this stupid prophecy insists that it must continue on. Well, did you ever ask Malfoy how many of those stupid prophecies were in that hall?" Harry gave a laugh. "Hundreds! Thousands! Maybe even millions! Yet none of them were fulfilled! No one had come to retrieve them. So why does fulfilling this prophecy matter? It doesn't! Only those stupid enough to believe it want it fulfilled. Only those who are power hungry wish for it to be done. Which all fell down to the one person that keeps throwing us into battle – Dumbledore." "And you're saying, Potter, that Dumbledore has thrust you and the Dark Lord together to gain more power?" sneered Severus. "Of course. If the battle between Voldemort and I eventually leaves one to die and the other weak and tired, he can make his move. Of course, Dumbledore will slay the last one standing. If it were me, he will say that I was possessed by Voldemort. The second year rumors of me being the Heir of Slytherin and my ability to speak Parseltongue will support him. If Voldemort lives, he will be hailed as the Savior and Hero of the Wizarding World – slaying Voldemort when I cannot." "I think Harry needs his rest now." Angela whispered. "No, I'm still awake!" insisted Harry, waving his heavy limbs around to prevent Healer Aurelias from coming closer. "We shall speak another time." Voldemort promised, nodding to Angela. The Dark Lord left the room, hesitantly followed by Severus. ….. "My Lord. If what Potter says is true…" trailed Severus. "Yes. Then it is fortunate that he has joined our cause." finished Voldemort. "But what about Dumbledore? He will soon be searching for the boy." "Then I shall hide him Severus. If what the boy says about the old wizard is true, then we must check Potter's inheritance. Severus, you will take him to Gringotts tomorrow. We must not dilly-dally. Time is of the essence if Dumbledore has his Order tracking the boy down." ordered Voldemort. "Yes, My Lord." bowed Severus before the potions master retreated to his lab. Voldemort was left to his study to ponder on what a miracle Fate had written for him. ….. First LV/HP story :D R&R (: