it lands on Fred, which also mean me because I'm the other side, I look at Lysander who doesn't look to happy about it, I get up and walk into the shed. There are two chair by the door so we sit there and for two minutes we just sit there. "So this is awkward." Fred says with a smile, I laugh and nod my head. "Just a bit, so want to share any secrets?" I say with a smile, Fred laughs. "Are you any good at keeping them?" Fred asks, I nod my head. "Well there is this girl I like but I don't think she likes me." Fred says slowly, I nod my head like I'm thinking. "Well do I know this girl?" I ask, I think I know the answer. "Yes, very well." Fred says with a shy smile. "If it's my sister then let me tell you one thing. I think she likes you too but she's probably worried about what you're sister will think." I say with a smile, Fred look surprised. "You're very smart." Fred says with a smile. "Until she feels Roxie will be okay with her liking you, she won't try and do anything until then." I tell Fred, who nods. "Thanks May." Fred says with a smile. "Why did you kiss me first?" I ask, Fred looks down. "I kind of wanted your sister to be jealous." Fred says as he blushes. "I think it worked." I say with a smile and with that said someone knocks on the door, telling us it's been 7 minutes, we walk out and sit down, Fred spins the bottle and it lands on me. Again. But this time I'm paired with James, I blush. I've had a crush on James since my second year and only Rose knows about it, of course I sort of grew out with it and started to like Lysander. We both get up and walk into the shed, we sit down and once again I'm sitting in awkward silence. About two minute before James coughs and takes a deep breath. "Can I say something?" James says with a shy grin, I shrug my shoulder. "Sure." I say awkwardly. "If I was dared to do what Lysander did, I think I would have picked you too." James says slowly, for a second I don't think I hear him clearly. "What?" I say with a confused expression. "I know I don't really put it out there but I quite like you." James says with a small smile, I can't help but smile. "Wow." I say, I'm not really sure what to say. "I suppose I left it too late, I suppose Lysander has you now." James says with a sad smile, I bite my lip. As much as I like Lysander, I've liked James longer. "Well he hasn't officially asked me out yet." I say, I see James smile to himself. "So I can do this?" James asks and before I can answer he pulls my face towards his and kisses me, I'm shocked but I don't stop him and I kiss him back. He pulls me closer and cups my face as we kiss, he deepens the kiss as I move over to his lap, where his hands then go to my waist. We stay like this until the time come that we must stop, obviously we took breaths during the kissing but it was amazing. "I guess that was my last chance." James says with a grin, he goes to the door and before opening it, he pulls me close and kisses me again and just after pulling apart he opens the door, I make myself more presentable and walk out behind him and sit down. At 12am we go to bed and Lysander kisses me goodnight before he goes into his room and I go into mine. I'm sharing with Rose who falls asleep as soon as she gets into bed, unlike me who stays wide awake with the thought of James kissing me. By 2am I've given up on sleep and just as I get out of bed I hear a quiet tapping, I walk over to the door and open it and standing at the door is James, he places a finger to his lips and grabs my hand, I smile as I walk out of the room with James and close the door quietly. James leads me down some stairs and into the basement, on the floor is a mattress with a couple of blankets and some pillows, James leads me to the mattress and we sit down. "I know that you're going to end up with Lysander but I didn't want to end things where they were." James says with smile. "James I've liked you since my second year but I kind of gave up on you ever liking me and then things started happing with Lysander." I say with a sad smile. "I know I took a long time but I'm here now and I know so is Lysander but give me a chance." James say, I sigh and smile. "Of course I'll give you a chance, you owe it to me." I say with a grin, James grins and pulls me close and kisses me, I pull myself onto his lap and he places his arms around my waist, it's only when we pull away that I realise that I'm in my snitch Pyjamas, which consists of a long sleeved top and shorts but James doesn't seem to care as he kisses me again, he starts running his hands down my legs and as I place my hands on his face on his hair he lays me down on the mattress. Through our kissing we start pulling our clothes off, he starts to kiss my body while my mind can't believe this is happening and then finally we make love. It's one of my most amazing moment in my life so far.