other roomers move into a different room in third year." "I wish I could have done that," Luna's dreamy voice floated as they entered the kitchen, "Ginny was my first real friend, you know." As a still crying Winky started to bustle them towards the table, George shot him a questioning look, eyeing the doorway for Fred. Bill shook his head in the negative, "Checking in. Winky, I think it's best Hermione eats in bed. She'll be in the master room. Luna, come up when you're ready." Hermione clutched at him, ragged sharp nails digging into his side, telling him that his plan of having her and Luna in there and the boys sleep in the living room and spare room to allow Mr. Ollivander and Griphook private healing was not going to be accepted. Bill internally sighed, not wanting to face why it was him she was clinging to so heavily rather than Harry or Ron, or even her other schoolmates. He knew though, he'd been in her shoes. The Ravenclaw seemed to comprehend the shift in mood and said, "Oh, I think it would be too much of a shock if Mr. Ollivander woke and I wasn't there. We were in the same cell for ever so long." Bill nodded his thanks and took his unexpected charge upstairs, alternating broth, bread and potions to his silent tucked in patient. The dreamless sleep draught was next when she croaked, "Stay?" "Of course, now drink this and I"ll tell you a tale of when Charlie took down the entire floo network." He settled into the chair he'd pulled up to the bedside as he watched her drink it, not entirely surprised when she pulled his hand urging him into the bed and curled against him immediately. Merlin, she was freezing. What conditions had she, Harry and Ron been living in before showing up on his beach? Ron had said they'd had a tent and been starving, but he'd spent his December at Shell Cottage, warm and contrite. He summoned another blanket to the bed, casting a warming charm on it and began to speak softly, knowing the potion would kick in soon enough. "Once upon a time, Charlie Weasley didn't know you couldn't floo with certain magical creatures. So when he tried to floo with a baby dragon…" The door eased open, not disturbing the girl who'd just fallen asleep, and George's head popped in. Bill motioned him inward, wondering what was next and surprised by what it turned out to be. George took the chair with a slightly raised eyebrow, then emotions passed across his face as he stared at Hermione's limp form curled against Bill's chest. George struggled for a moment, torn on speaking or not, before finally coming to a choice of words. "I'm glad it's you, Bill. You've always had the most level head and she'll need that." Bill stared at his brother, knowing where this was going, but not going to be the one to say it, to bring up the past. George gave a grim upturning of the lips and obliged, his hand ghosting over his missing ear as he glanced to make sure she was truly out. "Dean said they could hear her being tortured from the dungeons and Ron kept screaming her name every time she screamed." He grimaced, but gave no further description. "You're the first safe person she saw and you know how magical healing goes after things like that." He paused, the bond of knowing both he and Bill had been through the process of magical healing after being damaged, and looked at his oldest brother clinically, "I clearly had Fred. At least you two took all the boring classes the rest of us skipped. Runes, Muggle Studies, Arithmancy…" Bill tried for a joke and failed miserably, "You took Arithmancy, George, and I heard rumors Fred was there occasionally." George half shrugged, his tone light and joking. "We thought it would help us run the shop. We split the electives, though usually teachers couldn't tell which one of us was actually attending the class as we still had matching ears then." Emotions crossed his face again like a cloud, a decision finally being made. This time his voice was softer and more conflicted, less the distant tone he used whenever he handled anything related to the war and not the irreverent lightness that so characterized the twins' usual demeanour. He shifted from the man who'd lost an ear in battle to simply Bill's younger sibling. "Ron isn't the only brother whose attention she captured at Hogwarts." Bill raised his eyebrows in surprise, running possibilities of the siblings who'd been at Hogwarts with her and age differences. "You?" "Fred, actually." A grin did light George's face this time, "You wouldn't believe all of the stupid stuff I had to do just so she would talk to us, well, really scold us most of the time or even just sit with us at meals. Meals were easier when Ron was being a prat to her." He stood, his smile showing he was shifting back into his normal self and into a more businesslike mode, "I've got to get the potions started, but can he have a few minutes with her? He's as worried sick as ickle Ronniekins." It went without saying that Fred was torn up, while George was the slightly more sensible, restrained and quieter twin, Fred carried the mantle of being loud and completely invested in whatever he did, feelings included. Bill nodded and began to shift her off of him knowing Fred would be back at any moment, "I"ll help you get the potions started, she'll be out for awhile." A/N: Reviews are very much appreciated, flame away if you feel the need, and drop a line if you're willing to beta! If this seems a little complicated let me know, because when Ginny and Tonks get involved there's no telling how crazy things will get. Cheers, Crow