a grin hopped down. "Uncle Bill! Auntie Fleur! You're back from France! You missed my birthday. Did you bring me a present?" The child launched herself at the petite french witch, hugging her, before doing the same to the wizard beside her. She settled on Bill's lap and traced the scar that marred his face. Bill, looking shocked, held the child and stared wide eyed at the woman who would eventually birth her. "Everyone meet Aquillae. She's my daughter. We've not exactly explained the whole time travel thing to her." Hermione said nervously to the group. Aquillae perked up at her mothers voice and surveyed the room for a second time. Again finding a familiar face, she hopped from the oldest Weasley's lap and raced around the table. Harry sat between George and Ginny, watching. Unexpectedly, she passed everyone and glided to a stop next to his chair. "Hello Uncle Harry! I really liked my new broom Uncle Draco got me. It's faster than the broom you got me for my birthday. Uncle Draco said that's because Malfoys are better but I think he's just tricking me. Grandpa Lucy said you'd probably get me a faster one anyways. Did you bring James to play with?" She looked around for the boy. "JAMES!" "Uhm…. Er… Well James isn't here right now. He's er.." Harry glanced around the table for help from the small child's quest for her friend. "I have a son named James." Harry stated dazed. Hermione moved toward the little girl. The Weasleys all seemed to become impatient wanting their turn with the small child. Some, like Ginny, wanted to know more about the future. Others like Ron and Mrs. Weasley wanted to meet the child. "Oh my dear, you're just precious. Look at my grandbaby. And to hear I'll have more. How lovely." Mrs. Weasley grabbed the small child up into her embrace. Aquillae, for all of her bubbly personality and calm disposition, let out a piercing scream and jumped from her arms. Landing on the ground, the child took off towards her mother. "Mummy, that lady grabbed me but I did what daddy taught me and screamed in her face and ran away." The girl hid behind Hermione gripping the hem of her dress tightly. "I never! Young lady that is not how you treat your grandmother. I dare say your daddy would not appreciate you talking to his mother like that." Mrs. Weasley snapped at the small girl. "You're not my grandma. Daddy says he doesn't like his mummy anyways so I can talk to her how I want. Besides, grandmother is only a portrait." Aquillae glared at the Weasley matriarch. Everyone in the room took a deep breath at the news that she only knew her grandmother as a portrait. "Ronald, be a dear and rein in your daughter." Mrs. Weasley commanded her son. "Alright little squirt, come here to your daddy." Ron coaxed the girl to him. Aquillae looked at the freckled red haired man and then up to her mother. "Mummy, daddy isn't here. I don't like this. I want to go home. The red man is scaring me. I want my daddy." Aquillae began to cry. Hermione picked her up and laid her against her shoulder before closing her eyes and taking a deep breath. "I think that while we assumed, and I had hoped, Ron was Aquillae's father, it isn't true," she glanced nervously at Ron, "I'm going to stay with her tonight so she calms down. We can have lunch tomorrow and talk about this. I'm not sure who her father is so its news to me as well." Hermione's attempt at peacekeeping was met by silence from the many Weasleys. "Hermione, let us walk you out. It iz very dark." Fleur and Bill both stood and helped Hermione and a tearful Aquillae to the door. Reaching the gate Hermione looked between her two friends. "I had my suspicions but I had hoped to be wrong." "There's not much you can do about it tonight. Go home and rest. You have a big day tomorrow. It was nice meeting you Aquillae." Bill spoke softly as he held his wife. The small girl gave a whispered "Bye Uncle Bill. Love you" and they were gone. Hermione entered the Malfoy Manor quietly. She nodded at the elf who opened the door and continued down the hall to the rooms she and Aquillae had been staying in. Hermione realized that suddenly becoming a parent to a five year old was exhausting. The visit to the burrow was a disaster, one she should have realized would be before taking Aquillae to. Draco arrived at the top step and nodded to her before glancing at the small girl he'd become so close to. "Is she alright?" He asked. "Yes, and you were right. Ronald is definitely not her father. She screamed when Mrs. Weasley tried to hug her. It was awful." Hermione groaned before speaking again, "I did find out that I don't have to worry about a future mother in law. She's apparently a portrait and Aquillae's father hates her. Which means he's most likely a pureblood. It's not often half-bloods have portraits done." Draco laughed softly. TThe sporadic new information from Aquillae was usually dropped at terrible times. It seemed like this was one of them. "Go to sleep, Hermione. It's going to be a long day tomorrow." Authors note: A lovely person pointed out that this story has striking similarities to a story written by jamies_lady "through the eyes of a child." I have no intentions of stealing ideas nor did I even realize I had done so when I posted the story! The next part will definitely take a turn compared to TTEOAC. I appreciate it being pointed out to me so I can reassure anyone reading this that the similarities was not my intent and while the child is named after a constellation it is not because of Draco! ;)