Something that had no place being there. No fucking way. It was a hickey. And it was in the exact same place that Draco had kissed her in the dream. Okay. Okay. That was... Maybe she'd slept on it weird and caused it to bruise? And it was just coincidence. Oh my God. What if it wasn't a dream? But! She had woken up alone. Of that she was certain, because her subconcious had wanted him to still be next to her. In fact, she'd woken up feeling cold and lonely. OKAY. Calm down. Some weird shit is happening. You're obviously attracted to Malfoy. You obviously have some kind of feelings for him. But what the actual fuck is going on? Her panic was interrupted by a knock at the door. "Yes?" she called out weakly, letting her hair fall back into place. "Granger? You have a minute?" "Erm. Well, I was about to get into the shower?" God! She hated the way she sounded. As if she was unsure of everything. "It won't take long, I promise. Then I'll leave you alone." "Sure," she said, yanking her jumper back on. "Just give me a second." He acknowledged her request and told her he would wait for her in the common room. She took a deep breath. Fuck . She wasn't sure what he wanted. She wasn't sure why it couldn't wait until she'd showered and tamed her hair. Apparently it was important. So she swept her hair off to the side, trying to cover the hickey and put her hair in some semblance of order at the same time. Once she thought she was at least presentable, she headed down to the common room. He was standing in front of the fire, his arms crossed. "Draco?" He started and turned around to greet her. He sighed and ran a hand through his chair. "You might want to have a seat, Granger." "I'll stand, thanks," she said, growing more confused by the minute. "You're scaring me. What's this about?" "I..." he tried, but it wouldn't come out. He tried again. "I have a confession to make." "Okay..." She had no idea where he was going with this. He took a deep breath and pulled his stormy eyes up to meet hers. She felt a jolt run through her body. She wanted to go over there. She wanted to hold him. She wanted to tell him that it was fine, he didn't have to tell her. But before she could do any of those things, he was talking again. "You know, last night was amazing. Perfect. And I know you remember it. And I know that you have a hickey on your neck." His eyes were sparkling now. "And I know you know what I'm talking about, even though you're starting to panic." Oh, and how right he was. Last night? What did he mean? Did he know about her dream? And how did he know about the hickey. Her hand had flown to her neck the moment the words had left his mouth. She was so very confused. "And the night before that... That was something. We could be all that, Granger. We could. We could make that a reality. But only if you're willing to take the risk." She was forgetting how to breathe. The night before... Dear God. He really did know about the dreams. But how? "I can see your brain spinning from here. I'll explain, I promise. But... This is more important. I want that with you. I want it now and I want it fifty years from now. I want us ." She definitely didn't know how to breathe anymore. He... wanted her? He wanted a them? She felt like she was going to throw up. So much relief was coursing through her too fast. Her body couldn't keep up. She leaned against the chair and watched a smirk bloom on his face. "I told you that you were going to want to sit." Cocky as ever. She reached over and gave him a playful shove as if to tell him to shut it. "Explain the dreams," she ordered, her patience running short on that front. "I invented them," he confessed softly. "Dream sharing is difficult, but I didn't know how to tell you I was even attracted to you. I had no idea if you felt the same. So I sent you the dreams. After the first one, I could tell you were effected. I took it as a good sign and shared the second with you. That was all me, Granger, and that was real." "You what! That's such a violation of privacy, Draco, I can't believe you did that." He flinched at her beratement, know she was right, but not caring. "I know. But I was hoping the ends would justify the means. I hope you can forgive me. Because I'm in love with you, Granger. And I'm hoping you feel the same. I know you said so in the dream, but for you it was just-" "I do love you, Draco. I wouldn't have participated in that dream if I didn't. Even if it was just a dream as far as I knew. I..." She bit her lip and watched as he turned his head, a flush forming on his pale cheeks. "I guess I can forgive you if you promise to never do it again." "Never?" That smirk was back. "Unless I've consented," she amended with a flick of her hand. "Come here. I've been waiting to actually kiss you forever," he told her, reached his hand out to her. She took it and let him pull her into him. "Hermione. I love you. So much," he said, repeating his words from the dream. She smiled. "I love you, Draco Malfoy. So. Much." a/n: Wellll? What are our thoughts? Be sure to share in a review! I love getting feedback from my readers; it's helps me grow as a writer!