the dishes to washing and found Susan in the living room playing with the potions set she had gotten for Christmas a few months prior. "And what is your next wish, Madame?" Amelia asked in an overblown accent. Susan giggled at her aunt. "I really want to go to a Muggle zoo," Susan said. She ducked her head like she wasn't sure Amelia would be happy with that request. "And where did you hear about a Muggle zoo, Susie?" Amelia had no issues with Muggles. But Susie wasn't in a Muggle primary school; she shared a tutor with the Abbott family who lived a few kilometers away. "Tutor Bell was telling us about them! He said there was one in Regent's Park in London. I want to go there!" Susan replied with more confidence. "That sounds excellent. Let's do it," Amelia replied with an indulgent smile. She could deny the sweet girl nothing. Susan's third wish turned out to be ice cream. Amelia smiled to herself at the simpleness of childhood. She had given her five-year-old niece any wish in the world, and she had wished for two common food items and a trip to Muggle London. Raising Susan was the best thing that ever happened to Amelia. Seeing her innocence and joy in life restored Amelia's faith in wizardkind on an almost daily basis. July 1993 "He's so mean, Aunt Amelia!" Susan cried into Amelia's shoulder. Amelia had her arms wrapped around her niece and was rubbing her back. Susan had come home from Hogwarts in the worst mood. "There, there, Susie. It's all right. Boys are all thick at this age," Amelia assured her. She knew of the Macmillan family, who hadn't? He was Sacred Twenty-Eight and, like the Boneses, Macmillans always went to Hufflepuff. "But why does he have to be so mean to me ?" Susan asked as she pulled out of her aunt's embrace. Amelia looked down into her brown eyes, the same color her brother had, and had to fight back her own tears. "Maybe he likes you," Amelia said, attempting to lighten the mood. "They say boys tease the girls they like." "I don't think he likes me all that much. In fact, I think he hates me," Susan said miserably. "Well, you have all summer to forget about him. Let's go do something fun. Want to go to the zoo again?" After that first trip to the zoo in London, they had made it an annual event. Always going for Susan's birthday. And when Susan began Hogwarts, it was one of the first things they did on summer vacation. "No, I don't think I'm up for the zoo today," Susan replied as she turned away from her aunt. Amelia listened as Susan climbed the stairs and shut the door to her room. Teenagers were difficult and Amelia and Susan were just getting started. July 1996 The first thing Amelia thought when she arrived home and found Voldemort and eight Death Eaters sitting in her lounge was that she was glad Susan was staying with the Abbotts for the week. The next was of her Auror training. Instructor Smethwyck had been brutal, but he was good. She hoped she remembered enough of it. Amelia hadn't been in the field for over twenty years. She shot a stunning spell at the group and flitted away to the kitchen. "You can't run from us all, Madame Bones," Voldemort hissed and Amelia steeled herself. Maybe she couldn't run from them. But she was going to take as many with her as she could. She whipped open the knife drawer and crouched behind the counter. As the door from the lounge opened and five wizards in Death Eater robes stepped through, Amelia let her spell loose. Every knife she owned shot out of the drawer and at the wizards. She heard a few shouts and at least one body hit the floor. Amelia viciously hoped whoever it was had died. Then she turned and sprinted for the back door, flinging spells over her shoulder as she went. Dimly she heard another body hit the floor as she made it to the backyard. At least here she would have more cover. She dove behind a tree, just dodging a nasty slicing hex. "Come on out, Madame Bones," a drawing, patrician voice said. Amelia narrowed her eyes; of course Thoros Nott was a Death Eater. He was allied with Lucius Malfoy and both had the Minister for Magic in their pockets. She shot a spell around the trunk of the tree and heard a third body fall. If the other two didn't get up, that meant there were only six left. She shot another spell around the tree, but there was no corresponding body fall. The tree began to shake and branches fell all around Amelia as the Death Eaters assaulted the tree. The magic, spellfire, and splintering tree were so loud Amelia couldn't hear herself think. She hunkered down and covered her head, waiting for it to stop. When it did, all went silent. She thought she had escaped for a moment. That they had come to scare her and left. She opened her eyes and found herself face to face with Voldemort. "You can join me," he offered and held out his hand. "Not in this lifetime," Amelia growled. He yanked his wand out and Amelia's life flashed before her eyes. The secret of her Hogwarts sorting. Her high NEWT scores and subsequently joining the Auror Office. The devastation of her career ending injury. The elation at being elected to the Wizengamot. The ravaging of the Bones family, coupled with the joy of raising Susan. A green light filled her vision and she knew no more. Susan Bones had the unlucky task of finding her aunt, the woman who raised her as her own, dead. Just as her aunt found her family dead all those years ago. And then, Susan was the last of the Bones family.