this is just about Luna?" she asked, her voice a tad sarcastic and a hint bitter. Ron sighed. "It's for me too. I can't move on until I get some real closure." Ginny nodded at that and stood up to hug him, pulling Ron against herself. "If it makes you happy, dear brother of mine, go for it." "Are you sure, Ginny?" Ron asked as she pulled back and Ginny nodded, pushing him towards the door. "Go," she simply stated and he closed the door behind him on his way out, ready to face his demons. x.X.x Ron glanced around at Harry and Hermione, who looked just as uncomfortable and apprehensive as he felt. They were seated across the table from him and he could see the way their hands drifted towards each other for comfort until they both realized who they were with and dragged their hands into their laps. Ron bit back a hysterical snicker and the silence dragged on. Finally, Harry leaned forward. "Look, mate, we both want to apologize. Hermione and I didn't mean to do this to you." "Really?" Ron asked without thinking. "You didn't mean to leave me alone?" Hermione sighed and took another sip of the still steaming tea. It hadn't taken long to exhaust all pleasantries. "Ronald, I'm sorry, but we weren't happy together. You know that," she said, her voice pleading. Ron nodded at that. They hadn't been happy, not for a long time. "'Mione, Harry, I get it now." "You do?" Hermione asked, leaning forward with her eyes gleaming. "You fell in love with someone?" "Luna," Ron said, thinking lovingly of his girlfriend. "Congrats,' Harry said and his smile was so genuine that it took Ron's breath away. God, how he had missed them. Hermione and Harry had broken his heart but first, they had been his best friends. They had been through so much and it hurt, hurt so bad to be so distant from them. "Thank you," Ron said and he was aware of just how dull it sounded. Harry's smile fell. Hermione glanced around and stood up suddenly. "Wait here," she said and disappeared, a sight so familiar it brought a surprised smile to both Harry's and Ron's face. Had they still been at Hogwarts, Ron was sure she was on her way to the library. Hermione returned a few minutes later, clutching a sheet between her hands. Ron knew, instantly, that it was a wedding invitation. It had to be, only Luna made them that delicate. "Ron," Hermione said and her voice faltered. "Ron, I know you're cross and I understand why, we deserve your anger, but please come. We need you there." Ron looked between them, the pure longing on Harry's face and the pleading and desperate look Hermione wore. "What should the best man wear?" Ron asked and was greeted by Hermione and Harry hugging him so tightly he could not move. "Thank you," Hermione breathed and Ron sighed, patting her bushy hair. "Thank me after the speech," he said and Harry grinned bright enough to rival the sun. Maybe it wasn't the ending he had wanted so many years ago, back during his Hogwarts days, but Merlin's soggy beard, it felt so nice to have his best friends back. x.X.x The walk back to Luna's shop was long but Ron hadn't taken his car and he didn't want to go see Ginny right away. He was still fervent with passion and so happy he felt drunk. Night had fallen hours ago but he knew Luna would still be working happily, going to bed only when the sun rose. When he finally reached the door, his feet aching and back sore, Ron pushed it open and hummed the cheerful rhythm of the bell. "Come in," Luna called and Ron headed towards the back where her office was. When he found her, she was bare-footed and cross-legged, singing a soft lullaby to herself. She looked up when he approached and smiled. "I'm glad it went well," Luna said before Ron could even speak. "Yeah, me too," Ron said and settled beside her, waving the wedding invitation slightly. Luna grinned upon catching sight of it. Hugging him and leaning her head on his shoulder, Luna asked, "Are you going?" Ron chuckled, feeling her heartbeat against his. "The best man kinda has to attend." "Best man?" Luna gasped and Ron nodded. "See, however, it's going to be hard to find time to write the speech," Ron said, shifting so he could look into Luna's eyes. "Why?" Luna questioned. "You have plenty of time." Ron shrugged her off softly and Luna moved over so he could stand up. "Luna Lovegood," Ron said, dropping to one knee. "Will you do me the honour of becoming my wife?" Luna cocked her head, smiling teasingly. "You don't have a ring," she observed. "I know," Ron said embarrassedly, running a hand through his hair. "But I will, I promise." Luna's laughed and her smile was ethereal as she flung her arms around Ron. "Yes. Yes! I will marry you!" she squealed, kissing him passionately. Ron's smile split his face and he was finally, finally , content. x.X.x It's not easy to get your life together, Ron observes, as he watches Harry spin Hermione around while Luna cheers them on with a passionate wave of her hands. Ginny stands beside him and her smile is small but it's getting there as she teases Draco with Astoria looking on. But it's worth it, it always has been worth it for him, and with that thought, Ron taps the microphone. "Ladies and gentleman," he calls and the room quiets down, turning to look at him. "May I get your attention, please? It's beyond time for the best man's speech." Hermione groans and buries her head embarrassedly in Harry's shoulder and Luna clutches his hand, her other covering her giggle, and he opens his mouth- (Heaven is a place and for Ron, it might begin here)