lips. "You must agree, they expect you all to cooperate. Especially you three," he said looking at Hermione, Harry, and Ron. "They believe with you three on board people will be unwilling to distrust it." "Even if we distrust it?" Hermione said viciously. "Unfortunately yes," Kingsley managed. He gave her an apologetic look. "And if we don't cooperate?" it was Nott's turn to fight back. His voice was low but stern. The Minister looked solemn. "You will be dismissed from the wizarding community," gasps and wide eyed stares of disbelief filled the room, "Please remember, this is not my choice. I fought to make this better but all I could do was negotiate fairness…" At this Hermione crossing her arms, her anger not subsiding. The unfairness in the situation seemed to gather in the young witches and wizards and the air felt thick with disagreement. Before anyone could say anything, it was Harry's brave and steady voice that filled the room. "Alright then Minister, do I dare ask what fairness you ended up getting on our behalf?" he asked. The Minister nodded. "Yes, of course. Well, random pairing would be both unwise and dangerous. That was my first objection when they suggested a charm to link up couples. They also wanted to assign couples themselves," he gave the group the look of incredulity that he had given the Wizengamot. "So I came up with a better alternative. The only real just way was something that would link up the best possible personalities and individuals, the ones most likely to succeed, to thrive, to be compatible. We have spells and enchantments we can use to aid this, ones the people in this room specialize in so as to create the perfect object." "An object?" Hermione asked, looking suspicious. Her voice carried a snarky bite to it that made even Harry give her some space. As Kingsley looked around, he could tell the group was still not sold. "Think of it like the Goblet of Fire but for marriage," Kingsley said. "You've got to be bloody joking," Ron stated what the entire group was thinking. This was going to be a long meeting… It was nearly 9 o'clock at night when the details were finally worked out, much to the irritation of the seven young witches and wizards who would no doubt be amongst the group required to marry under its pretenses. They were also the group required to make the Goblet of Unity, as the Minister so aptly named the object, to use in the Joining Ceremony in 30 days' time. The Goblet of Unity was going to be fashioned to choose pairs of witches and wizards by sheer compatibility, all in fairness. While it intended to mix bloodlines, it would incorporate several aspects of the Amortentia potion as well as charms for compatibility and personality matching. Theo, Luna, Hermione, Harry, and Ron would see to it that the spells worked in cooperation to make matches. The goblet itself, becoming a magical artifact, would be put under rigorous tests and protections to ensure no tampering could take place, done by Padma and Ernie. Feeling completely drained and still unnerved, the meeting adjourned; Hermione headed home, her mind swimming. She walked to the elevator with Luna and Padma. They were talking quietly about whether or not people would protest this. She sighed as the doors closed, unsure about it all and not wanting to talk. She needed time to think. Harry, Ron, Ernie, and Nott walked downstairs to the Floo. "This is crazy," Ron said over his shoulder, still not believing what was going on. "What am I going to tell Ginny?" Harry stated bluntly, the worry taking over his voice. "Shit mate," Ron said, "She's going to be devastated if you two aren't paired!" "Devastated is an understatement," Harry assured him. "But how can they ignore stuff like that? You can't be the only couple already engaged," Ernie mentioned as they kept walking. "Oh I'm sure we aren't," Harry said, "But they don't care. It's a solution for them." "A solution? I still don't get to what exactly," Ernie said, "Having fewer magical people in the world can't be the most urgent problem our society faces." "It's a solution to putting the bad kids in their place," it was Nott who spoke. "What?" Ernie said in disbelief. They'd reached the lobby. Ron looked at the Slytherin suspiciously. "You mean to ensure you guys don't go plotting a repeat?" 'Now Ron, come on, don't just-" Harry was starting to say, but Nott had already turned around to face Ron. Nott narrowed his eyes making the blue in them look like steel. "Look Weasley, I'm not proud of my past, but I've done much to repay the debt. And still am," he sighed. "But I cannot say the same of some of my old friends or, more often than not, their families…" Harry looked from Ron to Nott and back again. They'd reached the fireplaces but it didn't appear like anyone was about to disappear just yet. Ron stood with his chest out as he searched for a rebuttal. Harry slid his wand into his hand out of habit; no need for anything to get out of hand, even if he did believe Theo when he said he was trying to make amends. He knew Theo Nott deciding to go into medicine and taking the position at St. Mungos was a big deal. He had already surpassed research goals and was beginning a new clinical trial for severe Cruciatus-effected patients. He was definitely trying. Nott stepped up to the nearest fireplace. "But it's not like you can just forget Potter and Granger are working their asses off because people are still being stupid and ignorant," the flames turned green and Nott paused before stepping into them. "And marrying Slytherins off to muggleborns? It's not a fix." He vanished leaving Harry, Ron, and Ernie to stand in the empty lobby with his chilling words.