had met last year in her film class. They both needed a roommate and became friends enough to live together, so it just worked out well. It wasn't until they started living together they realized they were pretty good friends. They liked each other more than they'd admit, probably because it gave them both a sense that they belonged, as Erin had made off handed comments a few times about her stressful high school life as well. Their apartment had bedrooms on either side of a joint kitchen and living room, the latter of which was wide and spacious, with floor length windows overlooking the street and city below. When she got in the door, Erin was in the shower, a note scrawled across the white board on the fridge in her hand saying "Bitches getting fucked up tonight or what?" and she knew that meant friends were coming over later. Well, might as well find a decent outfit ahead of time, for she knew she'd be going with them even if she had planned to just read in her room tonight and maybe grade the final papers from the summer class she'd student taught. She guessed it wouldn't hurt to have fun tonight, classes didn't start until Monday and it was Friday. And the grades weren't due until next week at least. Erin had made it clear when she was moving some stuff in from her car that she had just broken up with her girlfriend from the summer, so she was in one of her moods where she was desperate for anything with a sex drive. She always got that way after a bad breakup, convinced she should go for anyone willing, regardless of gender. But she always wound up back with another girl anyway; always beautiful and kind so it was hard to believe Erin was always getting broken up with to begin with since the girls she picked seemed harmless. But it didn't matter, Erin was happy with her lifestyle, and that suited Hermione just fine. Hermione wondered what party they'd be headed to tonight. It was only the second move-in day she figured something had to be brewing up with the soccer team, or maybe the swimmers, they always came back early and were known to show everyone a great time. The soccer team had a new goalie, she only knew because Erin had texted her freaking out about him this summer; maybe she wasn't completely over guys? Nah, it was the accent for sure. He was from Germany, and as she looked at outfits Hermione couldn't help but smile at the thought of a dashing foreigner asking her if she wanted another drink. She looked through her closet for something good, and managed to find tight black jeans and a dark red top that was cropped perfectly to her torso. It wasn't her favorite color but it looked great on her, and why not sport school colors tonight, if they so happened to run into the soccer team anyway, she'd have something to talk about. She picked out some boots and placed them at the end of her bed before looking at herself in her full length mirror. I need to fix this, she said to herself, staring at some dark circles under her eyes. She was just finishing her makeup to her liking when Erin popped her head in the door frame. Her short black hair was still wet, clinging to her neck as she stood in just her towel, still steamy from her shower. "Hey, who you trying to get at tonight? Damn girl," she chuckled as she admired Hermione in the mirror. "Um, no one unless you do your thing on this fucking mess I call hair," Hermione stated as she pointed to her head. It wasn't that her hair was ugly, but it had the tendency of, how would you put it? getting away from Hermione's control; frizzy and crazy if she let it go too long without brush or attention. And that happened sort of frequently with Hermione; she was lazy in that aspect. Erin had become a master at taming the wild frizz, making Hermione's curls look softer and hang straight. It was a bit of a process but Erin never said no. "You really need to learn how on your own," Erin said while taking a few strands in her hands. "I mean, really you should just hack it all off, it's of no use, no consequence, and alas your nights would be easier!" she exclaimed in a false old fashion-y voice. "Then by all means we must cut if off! My bald head will shine with the glory of my ancestors around any party we enter, with you on my arm to take the credit!" Hermione laughed, pulling her hair back as if she were bald, in a similar voice to Erin's. "Oh fuck no, I will never let you do that," Erin shrieked, swatting Hermione's hands away so she didn't look insane. "Okay, okay enough with the old timer voices. Let me get some clothes on and then, we tame!" She gestured to Hermione's hair before making a grand exit to her room. Tonight will be fun, that's all there is to it, Hermione smiled determinedly to herself in the mirror having had her senses rejuvenated by her comical roommate. After the hair taming, Hermione helped Erin find a suitable outfit, and then put on her own before coming back out into the living room to pour herself some wine from the huge box Erin had placed on the counter. It was nearly 8 o clock, and Christine and Therese would be arriving any minute. Hermione sipped on her wine as she flipped through CDs of music to put on. Erin waltzed around the living room, staring out the huge front windows at the people walking around below. As the music began to play, there was a knock on the door, and the festivities began…