trick That stole his life and she her honor stained, Then sobbing tore through house with vengeful aim; Till stayed by Molly Weasley, grieving same. "Thou scorpion, thou scullion poison-well, Thou dram – no, don't thee dare not walk away! My darling twins thy stainèd hand had felled And now thy debt is mine to make thee pay. Oh, I'll assure my strike won't be in vain, For thou wilt harm my children ne'er again." "Traitors! Murd'rous knaves and thieves! The fount of foulest, villainous evil! Oh sweet my brave, my darling son!" So grieved, Like tempest gales the heart's upheaval, It stopped her speech; and blindly struck her wild, In vengeance 'gainst the world for darling child. A clash of opposites, of vicious reach, Twin whirlwind furies of a crimson pitch. Each mother's grief a circle feeding each, Which called one weasel whore, the other bitch; And fought till Molly caught her on the ground; Her wand like knife to neck did put her down. Did he feel, I wonder, his lieutenant, Before her mortal strings of life were caught? Hope her house had quit, and left as tenant The want that craves its end in naught. And silent begs the mercy-giver act To kill the sullied flesh of shameful fact. As Bella went, her lover was disarmed, And slipping, with arm outstretched he fell; Quick Harry poised to execute that harm That soon would send him kicking heel to hell. And this advantage quickly moved to seize: Himself still armed, his rival on his knees. But as in life beyond a paper fame, Oft the things we mean to do miscarry Or never realized, or change in aim, Purpose, circumstance, or name. So Harry, Like a painted character dumbly stood And let his doubting "should" o'erwhelm his "would." And in that space where silent counsel streams, Entire worlds of words conveyed through gaze, The time between did pass like sluggish dream Like years and not some seconds passed in haze. So youth and age, dark and dark, fame and fame, Like statues stared, dumb in unfinished game. The winds without had calmed, as eye of storm, Before a thunderclap the silence rent; The air did lose its biting frost and warmed, Which all of mercy's hope in second spent. So to it went again the foes; but then Wands met in Priori Incantatem . A golden thread the several streams enjoined, The honeyed warmth that, streaming, intercourse; A rushing surge of pow'r in chaffing loins That meet with fervor in deep-throated force. Two wills in one, and one in that one will, In battle fought; but impasse kept them still. The spell forced memory; the wands confessed Each wrathful kill, each calculated hurt. Not one did stint in shame, but rather tressed In essence same, though meeting briefly curt. How loath the one to undo its brother! How warm they greeted, like open lover! And yet it could not be but their joy was brief: The phoenix of the holly trumped the yew, Though not without the pain of magic's grief, That made its brother's spell dissolve like dew. Oh sorrow's cross, to bear that loving strife, To be the one to end beloved life! So Voldemort, then Voldevie, now naught, His riddle solved, but wants its puzzle piece, That in his raging sorrow desperate sought The pardon that would give his trial peace. Now dearly found, and dearer bought by youth, Who now stands heir to all his state and truth. The hush that fell, the fury's storm's recede, Though not a mite abated, made a pause To give a panting Harry back his need And room to bring the truth of triumphed cause, Before the joyful sight of living friend: The evil scarce begun has present end. But oh, what joy, what cheer did start And filled with lusty roar the bleak lacuna: For who did meet him, these loyal hearts, But Ron, Hermione, Neville, Luna? His faithful warriors, and more, and more, Did come to throng him at the door. Exhausted, weary, words but breath and air, He made no sound except to say his deed, And thought on nothing but his ended care, That sixteen years of strife did lead. And soon looked forward to a life well fed, With fierce-proud Ginny by his side to wed. With ringing bell, the Hogwarts flag was hung And draped across old Riddle senior's hall. Requiems for the lost and hymns were sung To victory dearly won by brother's fall. And triumph over wicked wizard dead, Now gone to goblin's hell below sans head. For Tom Marvolo Riddle, his body found, Was tossed and thrown in playful wizard's game, And for a trophy, as from bear or hound, Off went the severed head of wicked fame, To join his fiendish wife and cobra lover As butcher king in markless tomb uncovered. His eldest son, Fiori, now his heir, Was guarded for a time without his room, His treason known, that made him present fair By Harry, who made him a courtly groom. Although his tyrant sire's blood did make Suspicion's odorless smoke trail his wake. Fior did not last, but fared much better Than oily Malfoy, now past all earthly care, Or kindless Crabbe with brutish Trevor, Both fiendish fire's meat of Ron the Bear. With Dolohov through, cut by Ginny's curse, The rest were carted off for fate much worse. Then wisdom blanched, his trickling tale he stayed. I, in puzzlement, inquired for his health. "Oh, fie," he moaned. "I was a fool to say What none should dare for all his land and wealth! But enough. 'Tis done, and I must perforce Vouchsafe my life in safety's hidden course." And so I wait, evading looming fate, My mystery hid deep in key-locked breast. This final thought that good with ill equates Confounds me so it's loath to leave me rest: What laden price for soul to understand The story monsters made from riddled man! Finis.