a faint scent lingering around her that she smelled again when she joined Marcus for breakfast. OoO Marcus was lounging on the couch in the living area, watching random videos on YouTube out of pure boredom when Katie came in. Her hands were buried in the pockets of her jeans and she had an uncharacteristically sheepish expression on her face. "Hey…" "Hey, what's up?" he mumbled, grabbing a handful of popcorn from the bowl resting on his stomach. "How's the new killer virus zombie mind control thingy coming?" "I never said anything about zombies. I'm not Frankenstein!" She shot him a short glare while crossing her arms in front of her chest, eyeing the popcorn for a moment. "Can I show you something? I need your honest opinion." A bit of confusion rose inside of him and he frowned; Kati had never asked him for his opinion so far, and he couldn't remember to have done anything to increase his competence. "Uh, sure. But don't you wanna show it to Aida instead? I mean, she probably understands more of it…" Katie shook her head firmly, making a dismissive gesture during which she almost slapped herself. "No, no, lately Aida always says yes and amen to everything I show her. Cost me a dozen of lab rats last night," she explained with an air of annoyance and Marcus gave her a sympathetic look. "A virus again?" A sigh passed over her lips and she fished a few pieces of popcorn from his bowl, nodding in defeat; lately Aida had exhibited quite a few problems, resulting in chaotic situations, and Katie had already considered deactivating her while Marcus had threatened to rip her head off if she ever entered his room in the middle of the night to cite ads for certain blue pills and other 'equipment' enhancing equipment at high volume. Why had she thought that he could be interested? Paranoid, half-asleep, Marcus had made plans to check his bathroom for cameras, but by the morning light they'd been forgotten. "Looking back, it really was a bad idea to connect her to my email inbox and tell her to read through every email while forgetting about spam," she stated and Marcus simply nodded – there seriously was nothing to add – before sitting up and setting the bowl down on the coffee table. "Please… I promise, it doesn't even have much to do with science, it's more like some general, slightly… well, weird and utopic… idea." "Okay, show me." "Oh, thank you, I really appreciate that." Katie fell into some nervous babbling as she led him to her lab and came to a stop in front of her big whiteboard, which was filled with notes and chemical formulas like always. "So, uhm… all these experiments, finding new ways to manipulate people's minds and the other shady stuff… they're great for me as a scientist, I gain a reputation, I get praise in the darknet." Marcus leaned back against the experiment table, listening quietly while feeling curious about what she was about to present. From the way she talked, it had to be something more personal than professional, and it excited him to get even more insight into her. "But everyone is striving for something bigger, and so do I. I have a dream." Her gaze drifted off momentarily and he cleared his throat, nodding. "Well, that's… that's great. Everyone needs a dream." "Yes!" Katie exclaimed, her brown eyes gleaming. "All the projects of the last years were also there to make money for my big dream." Taking a deep breath, she looked at him as if waiting for a sign that he was ready, her hands gripping the whiteboard and pulling it away from the wall slightly. Marcus nodded again, anticipation boiling inside of him. With an overly dramatic gesture, Katie pushed the whiteboard out of the way to reveal a second one, covered with a giant action plan. "Free pizza for everyone and world domination!" She threw her arms up in an exaggerated, presenting manner, glancing at him while his gaze jumped over the countless steps she'd noted down. Surprise was rushing through his body and Marcus had to admit that her revelation had hit him quite hard. Blinking a few times, he ultimately cleared his throat awkwardly and straightened his back; Katie's smile was tainted by a trace of insecurity. "What… what do you think?" Shaking the shock off, Marcus tried to think of the most diplomatic way to express what he was feeling in this very moment. "It's… I… wow. Uh… I didn't think that there could be something that makes me fall in love with you even more." He'd seriously tried to steer around that particular iceberg, but the words slipped out of his mouth without him being able to hold them back in time. Now it was Katie's turn to be slightly flabbergasted, her cheeks starting to glow while her mouth opened and closed a few times. When she finally found her voice back, it was a bit squeaky and filled with disbelief. "R-really? You like me?" "Yes," he admitted sheepishly, a condition nobody had ever seen him in before. "You're romantically ruthless, charmingly crazy and a tempting torturer. It's adorable how you always try to laugh evilly but end up snickering instead because you can't stay serious. So yes, I like you, Katie. A lot." She appeared a little bit shaky as she crossed the distance between them, a smile slowly spreading on her face as their fingers brushed together almost shyly. "I… I like you too." "You at least could have tried to find some alliterations to compliment him the way he did with you!" "Aida, fuck off!" THE END A/N: Some may have picked it up, others not - nerdy me put some references in this. One from Sherlock, one big one from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and one from Tangled. The latter is the reason why the end is the way it is.