Hogwarts but also gave her a front row seat to who he was. His goody goody attitude was what drove Draco mad half the time. Draco was about to start a new retelling of how things would be different this year when Pansy thought she had fulfilled the quota at being his brainless harpy for the evening. She stood giving his shoulder an affectionate squeeze. He stopped his retelling to study her. "Where are you off too?" "Finish a transfiguration essay" she said with a groan before smiling sweetly at him. He gave a dismissive nod turning back to his audience. He seemed inquisitive of her comings and goings after he heard of the incident with Potter. Truthfully she was embarrassed by the whole affair. Potter hadn't been discreet when taking her up to the hospital wing, and the few students that caught sight of him made it out to be more than it was with every retelling. Most of it of course deliberately targeted to upset her or Draco. The simple version of him taking her to the hospital wing after she collapsed was being promptly ignored. Stories ranged from Potter rescuing her from a something or other, to them having a secret rendezvous that was so spectacular that she passed out. Still she was glad to see Malfoy incensed enough to be giving her extra attention for however long it lasted. Xxx It was later that night that Pansy left for her rounds. Usually she was more enthusiastic about this as it gave her the authority to walk about after curfew, not to mention she always came away with a bit of gossip or black mail from the creatures out past curfew. This time though her mood wasn't suited to it. She simply walked the halls ignoring any quick shuffle of feet that usually made her give chase. It simply didn't excite her enough. It was Potter's fault of course, him and his bloody secret ancient room with an artificial sun. She didn't want to think about it, knowing it would lead to more curiosity and she wouldn't have the nerve to go hunting Potter for more information. She was descending toward Slytherin house after her rounds when she caught sight of the path leading to where she and Potter had the start of their short lived adventure. It was unconscious but soon she found herself stood watching the spot they had fallen through. She didn't dare come any closer but peered at it. One had to wonder if these kinds of situations were the make-up of Potter's life. She snorted brushing away thoughts on the daily life of Potter, she had her own hypothetical problems. She stepped forward and gave the ground in front of her a tentative feel with her foot while keeping most of her weight back in case the ground tried to vanish from under her. The ground stayed firm under her but she didn't have the heart to test it further. She knew she should have been getting back to the common room but her curiosity wasn't so easily assuaged. She cast aguamenti spells all over the floor. When she was sure none of the pools of water were vanishing, she vanished them and approached. The floor stayed beneath her. She looked around the walls and floor but found nothing that proved to be remarkable, it seemed for all intents and purposes just another dusty Hogwarts hallway. She turned to leave feeling put out. She wasn't sure what she expected to find but had hoped it would be more interesting. Pansy gave a squeak in fright finding Potter watching her. "Sorry, did I surprise you" Harry said with a smirk "As if you weren't disturbing enough Potter, now you have to add stalking and creeping up on people to the list" "I'll settle for creeping up, stalking is your department remember" Harry said bemused "Don't banter with me Potter, what are you doing here" She noted he was trembling and pasty from sweat "I should ask you that" he said coming closer "Looking for another misadventure?" She opened her mouth to retort but stopped short "I'm leaving and I'll be reporting this" "Yes, I'm sure Malfoy must be wondering where you are" Harry said not really caring for her threat. She didn't reply and made to walk past him "I'm surprised you haven't told him about it" Harry said seeming casual but was fishing. "How do you know I haven't told him" she said without her usual confidence. "Well the lack of Umbridge or the rest of his cronies sniffing around was my first clue" Harry said pleased he had guessed right as she frowned "Whatever" Parkinson muttered continuing on her way "You're not curious" he said slowly That stopped her dead in her tracks. She turned to see him move to stand at the end of the Hallway looking back at her curiously. She should leave, this she knew. She couldn't associate herself with Potter anymore than she already had. She had a plans for the future, these plan consisted of Draco and his family's reputation and wealth, it would be extremely unSlytherin to put it all at risk to go exploring with Potter. Pansy could only glare in answer to Potter's growing grin as she came towards him. "How do I know I won't just pass again" she said trying to be dignified "I told the headmaster about the room and what happened" Harry said rolling his eyes as she glared at him "Anyway it shouldn't happen again" She looked at him funny "Umbridge didn't give you any ideas did she" Harry gaped at her "Ideas?" he repeated slowly Pansy shook her head with a smile "What am I thinking, virgin Potter wouldn't even know what to do with-" Harry hissed in parseltongue and the ground gave from underneath them. Harry was glad to hear her scream TBC Xxx Bad writing while in transit, you'll have to forgive or love me.