Face feeling like it was going to catch fire, Haden toyed with the hem of his outfit. "Do you, uh, like it?" Win's mouth snapped closed and he nodded vigorously. "You look really pretty!" Haden looked up through his bangs at them. "...Really?" Misha's hand dropped on his head and petted him. "See? I told you so." The blonde's mind finally kicked back in and he pointed an accusing finger at Misha's face. "You! What did you do to him?! You turned Haden into a girl!" Biting the inside of his cheek in anger, Haden stalked forward and hit Edward over the head. "I'm not a girl, you- you-" He made an incoherent noise. "I'm not a girl just because I'm wearing a dress!" Edward didn't even acknowledge the hit, focusing on the older girl still even as Misha smirked, gold eyes clashing with blue. "Matron isn't going to like this." Matron liked it enough to take pictures. "But Matronnn! " "Edward, don't whine." Haden felt like whining himself as he stood on the stool for the best picture angle. "Matron, I'm hungry." He hadn't gotten to eat any breakfast with how early Misha had dragged him up to the attic. Matron handed him a pastry and Haden bit into it with relish. The two females cooed over how cute he was and took another picture. "But Matron, Haden's a boy and Misha stuffed him in a dress! " "Haden can wear dresses if he wants to." Ed turned his attention to Haden finally, golden gaze wary. " Do you want to?" There was that tone of voice again and Haden felt his shoulders stiffen. He carefully observed Edward from the corner of his eye. "And what if I do? Win says I look pretty like this." Edward looked away sulkily, cheeks coloring. "I never said you weren't pretty. It's just- it's not normal." Haden focused on his pastry. "I'm not known for my normalness now." "Normalcy," Matron quietly corrected, finally putting the camera down and turning back to the stove and whatever she was making for lunch. Haden took the opportunity to sit down on the stool and finish off his snack while Edward looked away and thought about the whole situation. Finishing the pastry, Haden licked the crumbs from his fingers and turned to Edward. "Would you marry me?" The spoon Matron was stirring with hit the side of the pot with a loud clang and Misha held up her hands in surrender with a strained smile as she was pinned in place by their mother figure's sharp gaze. Ed frowned in confusion. "Huh?" Haden shrugged. "Something one of the older kids said. So would you marry me?" "I thought you said that wearing a dress doesn't make you a girl." "So I'd have to be a girl for you to marry me?" "That's the way it works, doesn't it?" "Why? If I like another boy and they like me, it's the same thing, right?" Misha looked frantically between the two of them. "M-Matron, don't you have anything to add to this discussion?" They all turned to the woman who studiously stirred the soup pot. "It's none of my business who they end up marrying." Her eyes narrowed and she shot Misha a speaking look over the top of the younger kids' heads. "Boy or girl, evidently." Misha's shoulders dropped and she ducked her head. "Yes, Ma'am." Haden looked up at Matron. "So we can get married?" Matron smiled at him. "No, you're both far too young. Whether you will or not isn't up to me. You know I don't influence my children's decisions." That was something they all knew: Matron would answer questions for them if they asked, but she never pushed them towards any one decision. "The person you grow up to be is entirely up to you." "I'll marry you if Brother won't," Edwin volunteered, looking up from his storybook. Edward glared at the short brunet. "I never said I wouldn't marry him! Would you stop doing that ?! I never said he wasn't pretty and I never said I wouldn't marry him." "But you didn't say he was pretty and you didn't say you would marry him," Win pointed out. "I'm still thinking, dammit!" " Edward ," came the mild rebuke. Ed went rigid and a visible shudder ran up his spine. "Yes, Matron." Matron didn't care if they did curse, because it was something they chose, but she didn't tolerate it around herself. "So do you think I'm pretty or not ?" Haden asked, dragging the conversation back on track. Edward scrutinized him and he very carefully didn't fidget as Ed circled him, golden eyes taking in the poofy black skirt and the lace petticoats giving it volume, up to the ruffled blouse and the large purple bow holding back his hair. Ed finished his circuit and stood in front of him with his arms crossed contemplatively. "Your outfit is aest- astic- Matronnn!" "Aesthetically." Ed nodded. "Aesthetically pleasing." The blonde leaned in close to stare him in the eyes and Haden felt his face heating again. He let a breath of relief when Edward finally stepped back. "I wouldn't not -marry you." Ed scratched the back of his neck. "I mean, it's not like I know anyone else, really, and who knows what will happen by the time we're both old enough, but I definitely wouldn't say no." Misha caught Haden's gaze over Edward's head and rolled her eyes. "Leave it to Edward to turn a limerick into an epic and give a whole speech when he could have just said yes." Ed rounded on the older girl. "What was that, you harpy?!" Misha leaned forward and flicked Edward's nose with a smile. "Didn't you hear me, mon petit ?" "What did you just call me? What does that mean? Hey! Don't ignore me!" Edwin met Haden's eyes over his book and they shared a grin at the antics of their family. xxx