Harry. House Elves just thinks whats they wants done and its happen ." ' And how do you travel, pop from place to place? ' " Yous just think where yous want to be and see yous self there. Yous cans gos to anywhere yous been before, or where yous master beens before ." Harry decided to try it out, and thought about the Great Hall. He pictured himself standing near the head of the Gryffindor table, and all of a sudden he was there. Luckily it was still before breakfast, so the student's weren't up just yet. Harry thought about being back in the kitchens, and a moment later he was back. ' I can go anywhere? ' " Any wheres yous has beens or master has beens before ." Responded Dobby. Harry thought about all the places he knew and realized there were several that he couldn't remember ever visiting before. He knew the entire layout of the Malfoy manor and several other places. He also had a complete picture of Hogwarts, including many secret rooms and several more hidden passageways. ' How do I know all these places? ' " Dobby has beens to many of the places that yous be thinking about. Dobby doesn't know abouts some places though ." ' So you've been to all the rooms in Hogwarts? ' " No. Dobby has nots beens to all of Hoggy Warts before. Dobby thought yous has been ." ' No I haven't. I don't know how I know it. ' "Trappy!" Harry called out. "Yes Master Harry?" said the elf as it moved back toward Harry. Harry looked at the helpful elf. "Do you know how I know all of the rooms in the castle, even the hidden ones? And why are you calling me master?" "Yous be connected to Hoggy Warts some hows, and all elves feel that yous be our master even though yous be an elf. Trappy not be knowin' why this be but Trappy be knowin' that yous now master of all elves in castle. Bein' connected to Hoggy Warts means that yous know everythings abouts her." "Her?" said Harry. "Yes, her" said Trappy. "Hoggy Warts be alive and a girl. Trappy not be seein' her but knows she be a she. She sometimes be whispering things in Trappy's and other elves ears." "What kind of things?" asked Harry. A female voice rang out in Harry's head. " To look after myself and my charges ." "What! Who said that?" spluttered Harry, looking around for the new voice. Trappy answered "That be's Mistress Hoggy Warts." "Hogwarts?" asked Harry, looking at the wall of the kitchen. " I am here, my son " said the female voice. "Son? What is going on?" " You have been bonded to me through the House elf Dobby. Your soul appeared in my halls, and this was the only way I could grant you the use of a body. I do not understand how you appeared when your soul was already here, in the body of a young boy ." "There was a battle in the future and I was hit by a spell. I woke up here as a spirit and discovered that I was in the past. I have no idea what happened… So you put me in Dobby's body? What about Dobby? Is he going to be alright? I don't want to take his life, especially if it was against his will." Said Harry. " Dobby be's happy to be's with Master Harry ." "But you had no choice." Said Harry. " Dobby didn't knows that this be's a choice, but Dobby would be's choosing this. Dobby cans help Master Harry, both young Master Harry and old Master Harry ." "But-" started Harry. The female voice of Hogwarts interrupted him. " The elf Dobby willingly submitted to my request. There was nothing you could have done to stop it ." "I don't like it, but it seems that there is nothing I cans…can so. Trappy said that my younger body is in the hospital wing and that someone died, is this true? Who died?" asked Harry. " Lucius Malfoy died when his Killing Curse rebounded off the other you. You survived but Lucius Malfoy did not. There was an expansive magical discharge from your young body and you have not woken up yet. A foul piece of dark magic was destroyed in the process ." Said the voice of Hogwarts. "Lucius Malfoy is dead? That didn't happen before. Does this mean that history can change?" wondered Harry. The female voice said, " Time is an unknowable and wondrous thing. I do not know what is and what is not possible. It does appear that it can, indeed, be changed ." "So I can change things? I can stop Voldemort earlier and save a lot of people?" asked Harry. " It is a possibility. It is also a possibility that the turn of events could have less than positive results ," said Hogwarts. "I won't let that happen." Declared Harry. "I'll do whatever I it takes to make things better, both for the wizarding world and my younger self. I swear that he won't have to go through the same things that I did." A flash of magic surrounded Harry's body following his announcement. " Magic has accepted your vow. I will help you fulfill it in any way that I can ," said Hogwarts. " Dobby wills too " Trappy said, "We House Elves will do's what we cans to help Master Harry." Harry said, "Thank you, all of you. I have a lot to learn and a lot to do. I need to remember all I can about what happened in the next few years. It seems that it might change so I better make a plan. First though, what do House Elves eat? I'm hungry." AN: Let me know what you think. Thanks to e8rocks and El Pirato for their help.