excited since you convinced Mr. Fortescue to try his hand at pudding when he took over the shop for his father." "Mmm, that was good." Luna pouted as she remembered how that particular idea ended. "Still can't believe he banned me for life." "Well, you did try to break in and steal the recipe." Hermione pointed out. "But he wouldn't give me any more." Luna complained. "It was ten at night and you'd already eaten all his stock," Hermione said. "That's no excuse," Luna said. "Can we go for our ride now?" Harry just shook his head. "Hold onto your reindeer." Lune mock glared at him. "Maybe I will." Santa looked them over. "Ready? Good." He snapped his fingers. The sensation was confusing; there was the familiar pull of a portkey along with the disoriented spinning of the floo, and the sooty smell. The next moment the three of them were sitting in Santa's sleigh, Hermione and Luna on the bench, Harry upside down with his feet in the air. Santa appeared a moment later and frowned. "Hmm, fireplaces really do hate you, never seen that happen before." Harry struggled to sit up and finally managed it. Luna bounced in her seat between them. The reindeer stamped the roof impatiently. Santa flicked the reins and with a jerk, they took to the air. Hermione kept a tight grip on the sleigh. Harry and Luna had helped her deal with heights, she could stand them but she still wasn't particularly thrilled by them. Luna, on the other hand, was even more excited now that they were in the air. She threw her hands up and yelled with joy. Harry turned to look at Potter Manor as they passed over Loch Troll. It appeared to be a five-story log cabin, not even a summer home by pureblood standards because it simply wasn't grand enough; to them though it had been their home. There was the garden Hermione started as a distraction for them, and the Snorkark house Luna had built in case one ever wandered around while they were gone. As they flew over southern Scotland Harry enjoyed the rush of the air, it hadn't been safe to fly a broom over long distances in years. In the distance came to the soft glow of a fire. Another town destroyed by Death Eaters. As he watched the scenery Luna bolted past Santa and jumped onto the nearest reindeer. Before they could call out to her she had unhooked it and moved alongside the sleigh. Her evil laugh sounded even more intimidating when she was on a flying creature. She wrapped her arms around its neck and urged it on. The reindeer disappeared under the sleigh, when it came up on the other side it was upside down. Luna held on with her legs and grabbed Harry's head, planting a searing kiss on him before she moved to Hermione and squeezed her breast. "She stole my reindeer!" Santa shouted. "She stole a kiss," Harry said. "She grabbed my breast!" Hermione said. Together they sighed. "Luna." Santa glared at Harry. "You know this is your fault right?" "How's it my fault?" "You just had to give her ideas. 'Hold your reindeer' indeed." Santa grumbled. As they drew near Hogwarts Luna pulled her reindeer alongside the sleigh and jumped. Harry barely managed to catch her. The reindeer fell back in line, though it was no longer connected to them. "That was amazing! Harry, can we get reindeer?" "If you want," Harry said as he moved her over to the free seat. He had figured out long ago he couldn't say no to Luna or Hermione when they truly wanted something. It was easier to just agree and save time. They tensed as they reached Hogwarts ward line but they passed through without incident. Quietly they moved until they were hovering outside a window on the seventh floor. They all climbed inside, Santa waved his hand and the sleigh disappeared, the reindeer remained a moment before, with a sad look towards Santa, his loyal companions flew away. They were only one hall away from the Room of Requirements. When they reached the proper spot Santa walked in front of the wall until the door appeared. "Alright, Hermione you still have the parchment? Good. Stand back and I will present my final gift." "Santa?" Luna said. "Yes, my dear?" He said. "Could you bag have ever, you know?" Luna asked. "No, I am sorry but it could never have given you that," Santa said. With tears in her eyes, Luna nodded. Harry and Hermione each put an arm around her. "One last thing, time does not like to be changed; so long as Voldemort is alive it will resist your changes, sometimes in improbable ways. But by the same method, smaller things will constantly be different. Just because it happened one way the first time doesn't mean it will again even if you do everything the same. So, don't be afraid to make changes, but don't worry if not everything follows those changes right away. Oh, and in case I forgot to mention it each person can only use this ritual once. You won't get a third chance." Santa closed his eyes and began to grow, magic swirled around him, and the entire castle seemed to vibrate with it. Then he reached into his bag and pulled out a fist-sized lump of green quartz. He handed it to Harry before he began to fade. They watched until he was completely gone before they entered the room. 0-O-0 Santa was not completely gone yet though, he still had enough magic for a little fairy mischief. When Headmaster Snape woke in the morning and put on his shoes he found them filled with chunks of coal. The students suffered for that. 0-O-0 (A/N: This chapter was originally twice as long so I broke it up. Comments and critiques are welcome; flames will be force feed to a random minion.)