eyes widened and she could not stifle her laughter. "It is not funny!" "It really is," Ginny responded still laughing, "you should forget to brush it more often." The doors to the Great Hall swung open again, and a small selection of students approached the front of the hall where Professor McGonagall was waiting with the Sorting Hat. There were about thirty students in total and for a moment Hermione was surprised that so many parents allowed their children to go until she remembered the punishment for escaping the marriage law. If they were willing to throw people in prison for trying to avoid that, they would definitely punish parents not sending their children to Hogwarts. The sorting was enjoyable as usual, despite the Sorting Hat's continued warnings to unite from within. Hermione cheered for each new Gryffindor while pondering the possibility of unity within the school. Once the Sorting Hat was carried from the hall the feast began, and so did the rumors. Hermione already saw people pointing in her direction, asking where the famous Harry Potter was now that they needed him most. But not all things said were bad. During pudding Ernie MacMillan wandered to their table. "I see Harry has not returned this year," he said solemnly. "He is a fine chap. I would be out there, too, but I prefer to fight my battles at Hogwarts." He left it at that and Dean Thomas leaned over and whispered: "That's because his mother told him that if they Ministry arrested him she was disowning him." "Don't tell me she is supporting them?" Ginny snapped. "No, she just said he had to pick his battles," Seamus added, "that's what me m'am told me. She didn't want me comin' back at first, but she'd rather me be unsafe here, than thrown into Azkaban." The puddings soon disappeared and the students were left to stare at Professor McGonagall and await her first welcoming speech. "Welcome back everyone," she started, obviously trying to keep a cheerful tone. "First years should note that the Forbidden Forest is strictly out of bounds. This year changes are being made at Hogwarts, however I want to assure you that every student will always be safe within these walls, and your education will not be harmed or interrupted by these changes-" "Too bad, I wouldn't mind something interrupting History of Magic," Dean said quietly. "Or Potions," Neville added glumly. "I thought you stopped taking Potions, Neville?" Hermione asked. "Didn't you see your booklist? We have to continue all the core courses even if our O.W.L scores weren't high enough and now I'm behind a year," he whispered back. Hermione never read her booklist. She, Harry, and Ron just gave it to Mrs. Weasley because no one else was going to Diagon Alley. Hermione did not even bother to look at the books because she was too busy preparing for their journey. "I know many of you have shown, uh, interest regarding the new Matched Matrimony Law," Professor McGonagall continued. "I have been instructed, along with the other Heads of House, to assist in the matching process by holding a meeting with the seventh years in our respective houses. If you have any questions feel free to ask myself or another staff member. I must emphasize the importance of cooperating with the Ministry's requests as the consequences for breaking this particular law are severe." "I was wondering when she would bring that daft law up," Ginny said, "It makes me so angry. I can't believe they are putting a trace on all women. It is so unfair that men don't have one too!" "They are basically controlling our love lives, and that's what you complain about," asked Lavender disbelievingly. "Well, yeah," replied Ginny coolly, "the guys could make a run for it, if they wanted to. Sure there is a risk of getting caught and thrown into Azkaban, but we have no hope at all." The other girls nodded miserably, and no one bothered to point out that Ginny was still underage, if only for a while longer. "While there have been many rumours about the school closing down, I would like to reassure you all that Hogwarts will remain open as long as there are students willing to learn and teachers able to teach them," Professor McGonagall added. A fresh round of whispers broke out after this. The rumours were true then, Hermione realized. All summer the Ministry had been pushing to take over Hogwarts and of course the Death Eaters wanted their share of it, too. It was a miracle that the school was up and running considering all of the 'negotiating' that took place. Hermione couldn't help but wonder who the Ministry had appointed as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. "Lastly, it seems that our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher has not arrived yet," Professor McGonagall announced, through tight lips. She looked furious now. "Though I am pleased," she paused here, and even the youngest students could tell this aspect of her speech was scripted, "to announce that Dolores Umbridge will be returning to Hogwarts to refill her previous post." The whispers stopped, and were replaced with voices, loud, angry voices. "NOT THE TOAD!" Seamus hollered, creating laughter amongst the general uproar. "She can't be serious," Ginny said, completely astounded by the news. "I don't think she would make jokes about something quite as terrible as Umbridge," Hermione replied seriously. The hall had just quieted down, when the doors sprang open again. There stood Dolores Umbridge, flanked on each side by a Ministry of Magic security wizard. Silence fell over the crowd. "Hem, Hem." Coming Up in Till Death Do Us Part : Draco's only consolation was that his misery would be short-lived. She would never align herself with Death Eaters, and he would be unable to fulfill his orders. If things went as Draco expected, they would both be dead long before the end of the war.