were intense and his voice was even more so. 'Of Course, Minister Shacklebolt. If you're assistance is needed, I will contact you immediately. The experience of the Aurors of Brittain would be invaluable. If we need you, I'll call.' The statement sounded sincere but it was evident that Conchola was refusing the assistance being offered. 'I asked him what the message was and how it was left' Kingsley added since Harry could only hear Conchola's statements. 'The note was left with a wand, carved into the wall of the nearby building. It said "We are not patient and the MDFA's interference will not be tolerated. This is your final warning." It is the last straw for both President Clinton and our own Secretary of Magical Affairs. We are devoting a large mass of MDFA's resources as well as a certain task force of the Secret Service and CIA to tracking down the culprits' 'I asked him to please keep us in the loop if any chatter said they were headed to the isles.' 'I will Minister. Until then, God speed.' The head shrank back into the Pensieve. Grimaldi flicked his wand and it floated back to its shelf. 'He was unusually polite' Grimaldi said. 'Tosser' Linder grumbled will picking his finger nails with a pocket knife. 'I agree' Kingsley said. 'The politeness anyway. There is more to it than he is telling me but hopefully it won't escalate and it won't matter.' 'So why did you need us?' Harry asked crossing his arms. 'I want to forewarn you.' Grimaldi said. 'When the bomb drops and everything goes to hell over there, you will be the two we send over. Our most experienced duelists as well as our most experienced Auror' he inclined towards Linder. 'You two will lead a team of six when the time comes.' 'Six?' Harry asked. 'So few?' 'Yes, only six.' Kingsley said smiling. 'In the US, the Magical Defence Force of America is more varied than the Aurors alone. MDFA includes both their law enforcement squads as well as their elite hit groups.' 'Like the MLE and Aurors all rolled into one' 'Precisely. So they have an enormous number compared to ours. Numbers isn't their problem. It's experience.' Grimaldi said pouring some from the decanter. 'With our recent war, they have acknowledged that we are currently more adept at fighting dark magic right now. Not to mention, our standards for becoming an Auror far outstrip the prerequisites to join the MDFA.' 'Also, they requested the Golden Trio' 'You're joking' 'Unfortunately not' Kingsley said a little exasperated. 'Surely you won't - ' 'Gracious, no. I told him that our bylaws prevent civilians from being sent on such a mission for the Ministry.' 'Ok, good. I don't think that would be a good idea right now.' He could hear Gin's protests already as well as Molly. Plus, with their upcoming wedding plans, there was too much going on. 'If it comes to fruition' Grimaldi went on 'Linder will be in charge but I'm putting Harry there as your second. Not only does it make sense because he's your partner but I think even as stubborn as you are, Paul - ' 'I'll show you stubborn' 'Oh shut up' Grimaldi snapped 'Even as stubborn as you are, we all know Harry is one of our most natural, talented, and powerful duelists.' 'Aye, I know. Doesn't mean he has to know that' Linder said putting the knife away and glancing sidelong at Harry. 'Oh well' Kingsley said smiling again. He'd known Linder for a long time and knew he was just being difficult for a laugh, despite him never laughing. 'So the six of you will be travelling as an elite hit squad. And to be honest, with the right time, you could be unstoppable.' Grimaldi said glint in his eye. 'Linder' Kingsley said. 'Go through the personnel, pick 4 Aurors to join you. You need to leave Dawlish and Proudfoot here.' 'Bloody hell' Linder growled. 'They will need to run the office while you are both out, if you leave.' 'Fine' Linder said. 'Can I at least get big tall bloke?' 'You mean, Copeland?' Grimaldi asked. 'Yea, that guy. He's huge. Bound to look intimidating at the least.' 'No, you can't take him' Grimaldi said clearly frustrated. 'He only joined 2 months ago. He hasn't even finished his spell practicals yet.' 'Damn' Linder growled again. 'Fine, I'll figure it out tomorrow.' 'That's fine. For now, you guys go back to it and we will contact you in the event that are needed to go. They departed the office and went back to it. Harry took his reports to his spot in the back corner and continued prowling and searching for leads. After a mid morning tea break, he strolled back by his cubicle where Linder stopped him. 'Oy, Potter. This letter dropped on your desk about a half hour ago.' 'Thanks' Harry took the letter and scanned over it. It was had the Gringotts seal on it. Harry unsealed the envelope and removed its contents. Inside was a thick, heavy parchment letter. He unfolded to see neat handwriting and a Goblin's name at the top. From the desk of Vlakas Gringotts Account Management Dear Harry J Potter, In the recent year, your inheritance you received upon coming of age has been catalogued and logged into our records as required by our procedures as well as the conditions set down in the original contract of the Potter Family Vault. During this process, a few items, including Magical Beings and unoccupied real-estate, have surfaced that need your personal attention. When it is convenient for you, please come into Gringotts' Home Office in Diagon Alley, London to attend to these items. When you arrive, please tell the attending Goblins you need to speak with Vlakas in Accounts. I daresay they will already know who you are. Sincerely, Vlakas - Gringotts London Account Management. Harry took a deep breath. Magical Beings? Unoccupied real-estate?