lips, and bodies, neither willing to let go of the other for a second. "You stupid arsehole," Harry moaned against Draco's lips. "Why didn't you just say something? Wouldn't it have been easier than hexing me?" "And miss seeing you squirm? Not a chance." Harry sighed, half in resignation and half in contentment as Draco started making his way down Harry's neck, kissing and nibbling on the sensitive skin and making Harry groan in pleasure. Draco would always be Draco, he thought. He let out an funny little yelp as Draco's teeth unexpectedly found a sensitive spot on his earlobe. In response, he lowered his hands to grip that perfectly shaped arse, bringing their lower bodies closer together. Draco's erection brushed tantalizingly against his own as he did, and knowing his partner was just as turned on as he was gave Harry the sudden urge to take him right then and there. Looking around the room a bit frantically, Harry ended up shoving the papers on his already messy desk out of the way and lowering Draco down onto the spot he'd cleared, all without detaching himself from his partner for an instant. He brought his lips to Draco's once again, his hands slipping under Draco's shirt to caress the impossibly smooth skin that had taunted him earlier. Wrapping one of Draco's legs around his waist, Harry rolled his hips against him with a low moan of ecstasy. He gently nibbled on Draco's lower lip as they ground against each other, then slid his tongue into that eager mouth, longing to taste every inch of his partner. It occurred to him that they really should have less clothes on, but the feeling of his hard cock rubbing against Draco's was too good to stop. The little, whimpery sounds Draco was making fueled his excitement, and Harry trailed his lips down to nibble on his delicious collarbone. The little whimpers turned into cries as the glorious friction intensified, and Harry was aware of Draco calling out his name as they both started coming at the same time. Harry threw his head back and let the feeling course through his body until they had both stilled, lying intertwined on Harry's desk and breathing hard. He smiled down at Draco's flushed face and leaned down to gently kiss his swollen lips. Part of him was mildly embarrassed that he'd just come all over himself like an overeager teenager, but it helped that he wasn't the only one. He raised his head again. "What do you say we try that again, but without clothes this time?" he said, reaching for his wand to spell them both clean. Draco smirked at him. "Well, that is how it's usually done, Harry," he said snarkily, but without his usual bite. With a soft chuckle, Harry leaned down again and pressed his lips softly against Draco's. They were in no hurry this time. Harry parted his lips, allowing Draco to slip his tongue inside and slowly begin exploring every inch of Harry's mouth. There was a sudden knock at the door, and they just had time to leap off the desk and spring apart before Shacklebolt entered the office. "Oh, good, you're both here. I—" Shacklebolt seemed to see them for the first time. "What's going on?" Harry couldn't stop the blush from rising in his cheeks, but Draco answered quickly, unruffled. "We were just practicing a new hand-to-hand combat technique," he said smoothly. He glanced around the office with just the right amount of consternation. "Perhaps we got a bit carried away." Draco was an excellent liar, but Harry could see Shacklebolt wasn't buying it for a second. "Right," he said. "Well, if you ask me, I think the two of you ought to be doing a little less hand-to-hand combat amongst yourselves and a little more paperwork. Things tend to get a bit too heated between the two of you on occasion." Harry stared at the ground. Shacklebolt was closer to the truth than he realized. Fortunately, he didn't appear too interested in reprimanding them further at the moment. "Anyway, I wanted to see if I could borrow one of you for a bit," Shacklebolt went on. "Looks like I came at just the right time. I think the two of you could use a break from each other." He gave them a pointed look. "I'll go," Draco said eagerly, hurrying to the door. "Harry was just about to reorganize his desk, anyway." He raised an eyebrow at the scene in the office with exaggerated innocence before following Shacklebolt out the door. Rolling his eyes, Harry watched him go, thinking that Draco seemed to swing his hips a bit more than was strictly necessary. As they walked down the hall, Draco turned and threw Harry a lust-filled look that he knew he would be seeing in his mind's eye for the rest of the day. Harry watched his partner sashay down the hall, then closed the door and returned to his messy desk. He sighed deeply and began righting the papers that had been flung aside in the heat of passion. Without even saying a word, he knew that they would be going home together after work to finish what they'd started. How was he supposed to get anything done now with that on his mind? He leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes, still able to taste Draco on his lips and feel his lean body pressed against Harry's own. With another sigh, he opened his eyes and tried to focus on the work in front of him, but he knew the end of the day couldn't come fast enough. Certain that the afternoon would drag by with agonizing slowness, he gathered the last of his resolve and started on the rest of the day's paperwork, trying to motivate himself with the thought of what awaited him that night. He couldn't wait to get home. ~ fin ~ Thanks for reading and/or reviewing!