should be able to make a full recovery. Though, I am not quite sure how immediately grateful he will be, he had not intended to survive this war." Her moment of euphoria was brief, as her feelings for him began to flood her mind. She wasn't sure what had happened back there, what he had evoked in her. All she knew was that she was ashamed and confused, she had to distance herself from it. Attempting to suppress a blush she said, "Oh well, I'm sure anybody would have done the same." "No my dear, they would not have. Severus is not well loved by either side. It was an extreme stroke of luck that you happened to find him as you did. Even more so that you acted as you did." His blue eyes penetrated her, and she wondered if he was reading her thoughts and feelings. She quickly looked away, so as not to betray her mixed emotions. "A letter came for you, Miss Granger. Hence the reason I am here." Hermione turned back to him suddenly curious as to what it could be and why it would need to be discussed in this moment. Dumbledore continued, "It's from the Auror division of the FBI Miss Granger. They wanted to deliver it to you personally, but you were still resting. I believe it is an," he paused for effect, "acceptance letter into their program." Fishing the letter from his robes, he handed it to her, careful to observe her facial expressions. "Oh, I see," she said taking the letter from him, "I just wanted to see if I could get in. But perhaps the opportunity isn't really for me, after all that has happened. I'm sure Harry and Ron would be better suited for such work anyway." Her mentor studied her with a questioning expression on his face. It was only after a moment, once he had decided how to best proceed, that he spoke. "Hermione, Mr. Potter and Mr. Weasley love to run headlong into battle. Now while this may be admirable, it does not qualify one to be an Auror." At this point, his voice took an authoritative tone, "It is thinking for yourself, knowing magic both inside and out… grace under fire that makes an Auror, my dear." He looked at her directly now, speaking carefully. "Had you not shown all of that when you found Severus, he would not have made it out alive. I would ask you consider this very carefully. It would be a great opportunity for you and a way to get away from England during a very trying time." Hermione's face contorted into a silent question. "There will be trials, Miss Granger, and it will take time to bring things in order. There will be a lot of rebuilding I'm afraid, and I would hate for that to impede on your thirst for knowledge in any way. Think about it. Perhaps when the time is right you will return for your own reasons, professional or otherwise." It was with this that Hermione wondered if the old man knew more than he was letting on. It was the way his lips danced over the 'otherwise' part that made her self-conscious that he had slipped into her mind and saw what she really was, what she really felt. All she could do for now was say, "Yes sir, I will consider it." "Wonderful. Now, I should let you rest." He smiled and slowly left the room, quietly closing the door behind him. Hermione literally threw herself back on the pillow and covered herself to her eyebrows with the comforter. Everything they had just discussed was completely overwhelming. She was thrilled about the victory, which went without saying, but it was her feelings about Snape that bothered her. 'I was going to say 'I love you'. I was going to scream it out in my most helpless moment. I'm turning 17 in a few months and he's old enough to be my father. How could I possibly love him?' She was ashamed of her feelings. He'd been nothing but cruel to her, nothing but degrading… and yet a part of her was so drawn to him. She thought back, trying to figure out when this could have happened. The problem was, there wasn't a moment she could think of where she hadn't felt somehow attracted to the man. He did carry many of the characteristics she thought she might like in a man; a razor sharp intellect, graceful movements, silky smooth deep voice, his prowess as a wizard and influence as an academic. However for all that, there were so many things she despised; he was conniving, scheming, quick to anger and selfish. 'And yet I still like him.' She kicked her feet in pure frustration, hating the idea that he even appealed to her sexually. "I am so young and stupid," she said to herself, pulling the blanket down to her chest. "I could never be happy with a man like that." 'And he could never love me either. Perhaps I should get far away from here. Far away from him, from these feelings. . .from all of it.' With that, she took the letter Dumbledore had given her and opened it. It was indeed from the Auror division of the FBI, an acceptance letter to go to Quantico for her introduction and to start basic training. It was the most elite Auror school in the world, and depending on which subsection she was assigned to, it could be exceptionally interesting. 'I'll do it.' She decided. 'I'll do it and leave this mess behind.' She reached for a quill and scribbled her response to the letter in the field provided. The letter magically rolled up and disappeared, leaving in its place a card with the coordinates and time for her personalized port key. In three days she would start her new life. In three days she would be far away from here.