see the Granger's and tell them their daughter is...gone," Sirius felt his stomach flop. The Granger's. I have to tell them Harry and Hermione admitted their love to each other and let them know she died loved…by her family and boyfriend. "Let me come. I want to show them my last memory of them happy before they…left," Albus nodded and looked at Remus. "Remus…we will be back," Remus didn't reply, but continued to stare into space. OoOoOoOoOoO With a loud crack, Albus and Sirius arrived at the Granger's home and walked up the path to ring the doorbell. Emma Granger put her daughter's note on the coffee table beside her chips and went to answer the door. She was reading the note over and over again, happy for her daughter. Even her dad was happy and proud, which was a hard feat. Daniel Granger heard the doorbell and walked to the door, only to see his wife beat him. "Hello," Emma greeted with a smile. They only looked at each other and their expressions made Daniel's heart clench. Emma frowned before speaking. "What's wrong?" Albus and Sirius sighed. "Is she...alive?" Daniel asked, knowing already as his eyes teared. Emma gripped her husband's arm. She knew the worst was possible, but never thought it would happen. "There was a… problem at school," Albus tried to speak, but his throat fell swollen. "Come in, sit down," Daniel suggested, finally noticing their state. "Explain inside before you both fall over," They both smiled in thanks and followed the parents into the living room to sit on a beautiful blue couch. Emma and Daniel sat opposite of them and waited. "Mr. and Mrs. Granger…Hermione disappeared…with her boyfriend," Albus said with a sigh, looking at the rug. Emma and Daniel looked at each other before looking at the two wizards. " Disappeared ?" Emma asked. "Where?" Daniel waited, although his heart was racing. "She was pulled, rather forcefully, into a portal," Albus answered and waited for Daniel to hit him. Daniel had so wanted to hit the two men, but his grief and guilt stopped him. He then broke down and cried in his hands as his only daughter was gone, God knows where. Emma finally realized the implications as she comforted her husband. " What ? How did that happen? How did that happen ?" Sirius sighed at the couple's anguish before answering. "We don't know yet," "How could you not know?" Daniel demanded. "Even alternate dimensions are beyond us, Mr. Granger," Albus tried to explain. Daniel felt his hands shake in anger and frustration. "What was Harry to you? I know not your son, because our daughter explained his past to us," Emma wondered, since Sirius did look like a parent in mourning. "He's my godson…and your daughter…she was the best thing that ever happened to Harry and me. She helped us," Sirius explained. Emma nodded and realized she will never see her daughter again and began to sob. Daniel embraced his wife and cried with her. Albus and Sirius felt their grief and let them cry. After a few moments, Sirius remembered why he came. "Mr. and Mrs. Granger…I want to show you something," Sirius said. The parents looked at him and he nodded at Albus who a pparated and came back in ten seconds. In his hands was a stone fountain that he placed in the middle of the living room. "What's going on?" Emma asked in confusion with red eyes. "What is that?" Sirius stood up and answered. "I am going to pull a memory from my mind…I want you to see it. This item is called a Pensieve. We just dunk our heads in when we say," They nodded and stood up slowly. "Do your thing, Albus," Sirius said. Emma winced when she noticed a blue wisp being pulled from the man's head. "Does that mean you won't remember that specific memory anymore?" Sirius shook his head. "Just sharing," She nodded understandingly. "Now, prepare for this," Sirius warned. Albus dropped the memory in the bowl of water. The couple looked at the wizards expectantly. "You have to put your heads in," Sirius reminded them. They hesitated at first, but listened. Sirius and Albus then dunked their heads. After a long while looking at Sirius' memory, they were pulled back into their living room, speechless and horrified. "That's everything," Sirius whispered. "She loved him, Daniel. She loved him forever," Emma whispered, reeling from the revelation. "And they're fucking gone !" Sirius and Albus winced. Daniel held his wife as his thoughts scrambled at seeing his daughter's last hours. "He loved her back," Albus' soft voice replied. "'Till the end'," He quoted the lovers. Everyone was silent as they absorbed this. "What did you mean when you said you were cleared?" Emma asked thickly. Sirius gulped before answering. "Maybe we can talk about that another time," Emma frowned, but looked at her husband questioningly. However, he was quiet with his thoughts. Daniel found he couldn't say anything. His daughter was gone. With her boyfriend he didn't get to meet. At least she left loved, and knew it. Sirius looked beside him and noticed a letter. It was Hermione's writing and was sent today. Hi Mum and Dad! I thought I'd write to you and tell you something exciting that happened to me. Remember Harry Potter? One of my best friends? Well, ever since the first year, I have been gradually falling in love with him. It's hard not to fall in love with him. Anyways, last night he admitted his love for me! He promised me forever…till the end, and I said yes! Now we're together! And I do love him with my entire being and I do see him in my life forever. So, tell Dad to be nice when he meets Harry. We will see a lot of each other over this summer...and forever. I love that word! Much love and thanks, Your daughter P.S. Soon to be Potter!