and resized it. "I suggest you get changed into something comfortable. I'll return with the first potion. We only have two weeks so I'll need to accelerate the process." Severus said. "The bathroom is the next door down the hall." He left her to get settled and went back out to the living room. The normal process for detoxing off Dreamless Sleep could take weeks, and upwards of two months. Slowly lowering the dose and letting the body adjust to having it out of the system. It was usually paired with therapy to address the reasons for taking the potion in the first place. This method was not recommended. He'd give her a series of potions to purge the toxins from her system and then help her ride out the side effects. It would be messy, but it would break the addiction cycle. He opened the box and removed the vial filled with amber liquid. It brought back unpleasant memories of his own. Three long years, knowing what it was doing to him and not caring, almost hoping that the next dose would finally kill him, end his pain. It hadn't been Albus that had pulled him out of that deadly downwards spiral. No. It had been Lucius who had all but kidnapped him at the end of term and locked him in a room for weeks, no wand and no way out. He'd nearly killed his friend at one point when the cravings had been at their worst. Lucius hadn't left him, even at his lowest. He owed him a debt he could never fully repay. He sighed and sat down, waiting for her to come out. Hermione came out, having changed into a pair of pajama pants and a long sleeved flannel shirt. She saw the Professor sitting by the fire and went over to join him. "Please sit." He said and then handed her the vial. "I will be needing your wand Miss Granger." He said, pleased when she handed it over. "Now, I will be setting wards to keep you inside these rooms. This potion will accelerate your recovery, but it will also intensify any of the withdrawal symptoms. I will not hold anything you say, or do against you during this process. Now do you have any questions?" He asked her. Hermione looked at the vial in her hands for a long moment. "How bad is it going to be?" She asked softly. "There's no way to know for certain. It's a very individual thing. The only thing in your favour is that you've only been abusing for months, as opposed to years. It could be a mild as severe nausea, fever, and moderate hallucinations for a few days…or it could be much worse. Regardless I will be here to help you through it." Severus leaned forward in his chair. Hermione nodded and unstoppered the vial and drank it down. It was cloyingly sweet and sat funny in her stomach. She pressed the back of her hand to her lips and just tried to keep it down. Severus called for some mint tea for her, and added a touch of honey to it. "Drink this, it will help with the nausea." He pressed the cup into her hand. Hermione accepted the cup and sipped it, feeling the mint do its job and coax the urge to be ill back. "Thank you Professor." She said and opened her eyes, surprised to see that actual concern in his. "Now can you tell me about these nightmares?" He asked. She bit her bottom lip and looked down into the pale liquid in her tea cup. "They're always about him…Dolohov." She said quietly. "They weren't that bad at first, but when I got back to school I started getting these letters. They're never signed but I know they're from him. Somehow he's getting them to me. The things in them, what he writes about," she shuddered and shook her head. "I tried burning them without reading them and they'd just reappear on my pillow. I know he's in Azkaban. I KNOW he can't hurt me, but every night in my dreams he's there and he does." She couldn't look up and see the judgement there, the scorn. She nearly jumped through her skin as she felt his hand come to rest on her knee. "Did you keep the letters?" He asked quietly. She nodded. "They're in my trunk." She whispered. "May I examine them?" He asked her. She just nodded. "I can go get them." "No, I'll retrieve them. Just drink your tea Miss Granger. There are some ginger biscuits there as well if you feel up to them." He stood and headed back to her bedroom, opening her trunk and casting a quick diagnostics spell, seeing a pulsing red light where the letters were tucked away. He levitated them out and in short order identified the curse on the letters. He dismantled the curse and then pocketed the letters. He would read them later. It was a compulsion curse, the longer the item was in the victim's possession the more it would occupy their mind. It was an insidious piece of magic, elegant and cruel. Left alone it would have slowly driven her insane, rendering her useless to Potter, trapped in her own nightmares. He went back out to the living room and saw that she was nibbling at a biscuit. He came and sat down. "There was a curse on the letters Miss Granger. What's been happening to you was not of your mind's making." He poured himself a cup as well. "The more letters you received, and the longer you kept them in your possession the greater the effect on you." She lifted her eyes then and met his. "Thank you. I think I'll be saying that a lot." "I prefer it to the swearing I know will come later." He smirked a bit, grateful for a moment of levity before things really got started. ~TBC~