painful now. I let my lips graze Blaise's length as I practically purr. He runs his fingers through my hair. My fingers dance across his balls. A bead of precum threatens to spoil over the soft brown head. I lap at it. He groans appreciatively. Another finger. I open my mouth and guide his cock inside. He keeps moving when I stop. My throat contracts and I back up an inch. My mouth is stretched, but not too the point of discomfort. I stay still, pondering the weight of him on my tongue. I jolt forward suddenly. I see black for a moment and moan around Blaise's cock, forcing him downwards. His grip on my hair tightens and he rocks his hips. I hum my satisfaction and he pants raggedly. Draco pulls his hand free. "Tight," he comments. My knees burn. I push on Blaise until he relents and sits down. I rub my knees and frown at the indentations left by the carpet. I fall forward onto my hands and go back to my task. He props himself up on his elbows to watch me. I look up at him. He smiles, one lip between his teeth and eyes half shut. I feel something pressing against my asshole. A cold, wet something slicks my insides as what must surely be Draco's cock begs entrance. I rip my head upwards and yelp, half slapping myself in the face and leaving a wet trail of saliva and precum on my cheek. "You're good at that, Blaise says breathlessly. I smile shyly and cover my mouth as I moan. It's an embarrassingly needy sound. Blaise strokes my face and turns his body around. I look down at him in dazed confusion. Draco moves in further. I squeak and inch forward. He hisses and his nails scrape my waist. "Slowly," I breathe. He complies. Soon Draco reaches the hilt and stills. "Don't move," his choked voice begs, "I want to last longer than this." Blaise scoots his way underneath me and makes his way to my leaking cock. His own flops against his stomach with a wet smack. I laugh, not for any particular reason but because I'm happy and it's bubbling in my veins and looking for a way to release itself. He pulls me into his mouth just as Draco starts to rock his hips against mine. I mash my face against Blaise's stomach and dig my fingers into the carpet. Too much, so much. I lift my head and just barely manage to force it high enough to slide down Blaise's cock. The angle is much better, I can go down farther from here. I just go with the rhythm Draco sets. It's slow and torturous but oh so good. Draco speeds up, so I do too. Draco's fingers dig into my hips and he huffs heavily. Blaise slurps noisily on my cock. I feel if I cared enough to notice, the sound would be amusing, or perhaps awkward. Instead I can tell he's enjoying himself, instead of merely reciprocating. The saliva from the back of my throat coats his dick in a slightly sticky film.I lick my lips and roll my tongue around his shaft. Draco grunts and a sudden warmth rushes into my ass. Blaise hums and moves his hand to my leg. His fingers are wet. I suspect they were slicked to move inside of Draco. Draco slips of me, breathing heavily. He licks lazily around the rim of my asshole. I tense and squeal around Blaise as cum flows into his mouth. He swallows, his throat muscles pulling more from me. I rotate my hips and roll away from the sensation. Draco looks at me, eyes sparkling. Blaise watches us both as we pant and smile. He stands up. Draco reaches for his cock, licking down one side and pressing kisses against the warm flesh. I move to the other side. Blaise moans deeply and stares down at us. I close my eyes, stick out my tongue, and shake my head back and forth. He stumbles slightly, the only warning before he gives into his release and strands of cum coat my chin and drip from Draco's nose. Blaise slides to the ground. He pulls me into his lap and sucks at my neck. It'll bruise, I know, but I don't stop him. "Five minutes per conversation," I laugh. Draco laughs and wiggles my toes. "That's fifteen minutes for all of us," he says. "And how do you account for the rest of the time?" I ask. Blaise strokes my leg. "Do you really want to go out there?" he asks. I sigh. "We didn't quite make the bed," I say. Blaise waves an arm at the doorway as if to say too far . It is too far. I'm tired. Actual sex is more demanding than a wank, and I've never had it before. I wipe at my chin and stick my fingers in my mouth. It doesn't taste bad. It's kind of salty. I guess most bodily fluids are-blood and tears are, at least. There's a musky smell to it that I find myself enjoying. Draco rubs his face on a blanket. "Yours?" I ask. He wrinkles his nose. "No," he says. Blaise stands with me in his arms and carries me over to one of the four posters and then turns to Draco. I gratefully close my eyes. "He's mine," Blaise says, "are you?" I attempt to huff indignantly but it's more of a pleasured sigh. I pull the covers over my sticky, sweaty body. It isn't worth it to walk to the showers and I don't know any spells. "Yes. But he's mine. Are you?" Draco replies. Blaise snorts. "Yes," he says. They both climb into the bed beside me. I roll my eyes and cuddle towards Blaise. Draco makes a small, offended sound. "He has a broader chest," I mumble. If Draco replies before I fall asleep, I don't hear it.