that, if you are indeed the one she seeks, you shall be sent to her current location." Harry looked at the coin with more suspicion than ever, but something inside him told him that he could trust the man. But still, part of him was still suspicious. He crossed his arms, looking at the man with a blank expression. "Prove it," he said. "How do I know that you're not Sirius Black using a Polyjuice Potion?" Dareios turned around, looking at the interior of the café, noticing that it was mostly empty. "Come inside with me," said the apparently Greek man, getting up from his chair. "Do you know what an Unbreakable Vow is?" Harry got up from his chair as well, looking at the man with a confused expression. "Unbreakable Vow? Never heard of that." "It is contract made between two wizards, but requires another one to seal it," explained the man. "If the terms of the vow are broken, the one who did so dies." Harry stopped. "And... you're willing to do that?" "Of course," was the simple reply. Harry watched as Kyrkos went to speak with the man behind the counter, and after a while Dareios returned with the shop's owner. The man's eyes immediate fell onto the boy's forehead and a rather recognizable characteristic there. "Wait, you... you're Harry Potter!" "Yes, I am," said Harry, already used to having people know who he was. "The vow?" "Oh, yes of course!" Said the man "Kneel and join your right hands, if you please." The two did so, and so the shop's owner placed the tip of his wand on top of theirs. "You have to say the terms, Mr. Potter." Stated the man. "And be careful with the wording." Harry quickly looked at the man. "Oh, right. Well...do you, Dareios Kyrkos, swear that you are not Sirius Black, or in any way a supporter of Voldemort?" "I do," he replied as a small red flame erupted from the wand on top of their hands and began to encircle them. "Do you swear that what you told me outside is nothing more than the truth, or at least what you believe to be true?" "I do." Another stream of fire came from the wand and just like the other it began to encircle the two hands. "Are you done Mr. Potter?" Asked the shopkeeper, to which Harry nodded. The man removed his wand, and the streams of fire began to contract until they were absorbed by their skin. Harry let go of Dareios hand and looked at his own, seeing if the streams had left any marks. Apparently not. The young wizard then got up and looked at the shopkeeper. "Thank you sir," he said. "You're welcome Mr. Potter," replied the old man, who went back to the counter "Have a good day." Harry left the café with Dareios, and once outside he looked at the man. "Ok then," he declared. "I'll go and meet with your Regent." Dareios was certainly pleased with Harry's decision and took out the coin he had shown him before. He extended the coin to Harry, and told the young wizard to grab it. And a few moments later, neither Harry nor Dareios were in England. Author's Note: Dareios is the Greek version of Darius. The Encyclopaedia: Maria III of Portugal – Born in 1924, she was the daughter of King Manuel II of Portugal and his wife, Princess Augusta Victoria of Hohenzollern. As such, with his death she became Queen of Portugal in both the muggle (pretender) and wizarding worlds. She married the then co-emperor Alexander IV, son of Philip III, therefore becoming junior empress consort. She had a child with Alexander, called Maria. She officialy became Queen of Portugal after the restoration of the monarchy, and with the death of her husband one year later, she assumed power as regent over the empire in both the muggle and wizarding worlds. Alexander IV ( and I of Portugal) – Born in 1920, Alexandros was the son of Emperor Philip III and his wife, Sophie Klementine von Habsburg. He married Maria of Braganza and had a single child with her. He became a co-ruler of the Portuguese United Kingdom alongside his wife, officially recognized as a regnant monarch of the state. His reign as King of Portugal would only last a year, as he died in 1968, victim of a myocardial infarction. Maria Anemas (Lily Potter) – The sole daughter of Maria and Alexander, she was kidnapped by a group of wizard revolutionaries and brought to Britain, where she was adopted by a muggle family, and given the name of Lily Evans. She would later marry James Potter, and had a son with him, widely known as Harry. She was murdered by Voldemort, alongside her husband, but not before discovering her origins. United Kingdom of Portugal, Africa and the Algarves – Proclaimed by King Manuel II before the Republican Revolution of 1910, the United Kingdom of Portugal, Africa and the Algarves was created with the intention of increasing Portugal's prestige after the British Ultimatum and to quell the outrage that still existed amongst the Portuguese people. The "Africa" in its name refers to the colonial possessions in Africa, all elevated to the status of constituent states by the king. The United Kingdom was surprisingly restored in 1967 by the President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister), Antonio de Oliveira Salazar, at the time also Interim President, who decreed that Maria of Braganza would take the throne as Maria III. Roman Empire – In modern day, and both in the muggle and wizarding worlds, the Empire is regarded as a hegemony under the rulership of the Emperor, who stands atop an extensively complex bureaucracy, which differs in both the muggle and the magical entity, due to the differing ideologies of both populations. Its capital is in Constantinople, and occupies most of the territory it held during the early period of the Macedonian dynasty.