of his head, he tried to make note of what she preferred in case he ever had the chance to do this again; but the feel of her arse rocking against his cock was beginning to short circuit his brain. He started to pump his fingers into her cunt to the rhythm of her hips and their combined touch against her clit. "Oh God, Severus." She looked over her shoulder again, her cheeks flushed a beautiful, passionate pink. "I want you inside me when I come." She didn't have to ask twice. Severus continued to stimulate her clit and used his other hand to press between her shoulder blades, urging her to bend over even further. Then he reached between them to position the head of his cock at her entrance. She was so wet for him that he met almost no resistance as he eased forward. He pulled out, then pushed back in until he was buried to the hilt. They both groaned at the sensation of his cock filling her. "Good?" he managed to choke out, his body shaking under the strain of holding back until he was absolutely certain she was ready. "Yes! Fuck me, Severus. Please!" He grabbed her wrist and guided her hand back between her legs. Her waist was soft under his hands as he slipped his length free from her hot cunt. Then he slammed forward and began to thrust at a hard pace. Hermione started to babble a litany of barely intelligible words that made it clear she was enjoying herself. At some point she reached back with the hand that had been fingering herself and grabbed the hem of his frock coat that had been swinging against their thighs with every frantic movement. He knew her scent was going to be embedded in the dark cloth, that he'd be able to smell her arousal until he sent the coat to be cleaned by a discrete House-Elf, and the thought nearly set him off. "Come for me, Hermione. Come on my cock, drown me in your juices, let me feel you." She gripped the ladder in front of her with both hands and began to keen his name. The muscles surrounding his cock started to ripple and clench as she came. It took everything in his power to keep them both upright as he had one of the best orgasms of his life, buried balls deep in Hermione Granger. "Holy fuck, that was . . . wow." Hermione stepped forward so that she could lean her entire body against the ladder while she tried to catch her breath. "Eloquently put." Severus looked at the state of his storeroom; there was clothing strewn about and ingredient bottles tipped over on the shelves. Justin had been right, there was no way he'd ever think of Umbridge in this room again. Not with the mental image of Hermione draped against the ladder as she was, looking thoroughly shagged and sated. "But I agree completely." She grinned and reached for her wand, quickly casting a cleansing charm on herself. She gestured toward him, being very careful to keep from pointing her wand directly at him. "Shall I, or would you prefer to do it yourself?" Normally he was extremely weary of letting other people cast spells—even supposedly benign ones—upon his person, but he was feeling uncharacteristically mellow at the moment. Again, mind blowing orgasm , his mind helpfully supplied. "If you wouldn't mind." He felt a tingle along his bits as her spell did its job, but a quick glance down told him everything was still in place. Severus bent down to pick up her discarded underthings, and then held them out to her. Once she had them in hand, he began to set himself to rights. "All better now?" He looked up from tucking his shirt into his trousers to find that she was already wearing her skirt and had just pulled her blouse on. "Hmm?" "No more thoughts of Dolores and her pretty pink panties?" Severus shuddered. "Not until you said that." Hermione grinned again and finished buttoning her blouse. "You know, I might have overestimated how well I've recovered from walking in on Hooch and Umbridge in the Prefects' bath. I may need your help, just to return the favour?" Something inside him rejoiced at her Gryffindorishly unsubtle offer of more sex. He was rather proud of himself for not falling to his knees at her feet and thanking her profusely. Instead, he gravely nodded and began to work on the long line of frock coat buttons. "That only seems fair, after all. Now that I think about it, since we're helping each other out, I once walked in on Filch and Madam Pince using the Restricted Section of the library as their own personal erotic playroom." She gasped, somehow managing to look both horrified at Filch and Pince defiling her favourite spot in the castle and intrigued at the prospect of doing a little defiling of her own. "I saw Crabbe and Goyle in the bleachers of the Quidditch pitch." Interesting. He'd never had sex outdoors before, but he was certainly willing to give it a go. "Caught the portrait of Albus tossing one off in the Headmaster's Office." Severus finished adjusting his clothing and held out his hand to Hermione. She studied his face as she took it. "Really?" "No. But I have always wanted to have sex on that desk." He opened the storeroom door and peeked outside to make sure no one was in the corridor. Once he was sure they wouldn't be observed, he led her out of the room, then used his free hand to close the door and reset his wards. She waited until he was done to stand up on her tiptoes so that she could whisper in his ear. "Go down on me first, and it's a deal." Severus smirked as he began to lead her down the hall. "That can definitely be arranged."