without me and Ripper nearly ripped my leg off. I managed to get him off my leg with a burst of accidental magic sending him sailing through the air. I waved from Colonel Fubster's porch as she was being dragged away by the constables. From what I hear, she won't be leaving a jail cell any time soon. Or breeding dogs, my own testimony and that of Colonel Fubster were enough to get her to loose her breeding licence permanently. The Dursleys never did find out that I was responsible for Marge's imprisonment, which was what I wanted. Considering I was underage, my name and image weren't in the news paper and considering the Dursleys didn't get BBC News while they were in Spain, they didn't find out until they got back. They were pissed of course but they couldn't do anything about it, thankfully. There was peace in the Dursley household for about a week before I decided to get rid of Petunia. Setting up Petunia took time, I really needed to plan it out to avoid getting caught myself. I started planning this when I was eight, Petunia had demanded that I cook the breakfast and when I didn't do it fast enough for her liking, she slapped my head, pulled me away from the stove and began cooking herself. She then proceeded to throw a frying pan at my head and had Vernon throw me in the cupboard without food again. I was getting tired of her, she needed to go away. Unfortunately, the execution took me until I was nine for my plan to come to completion. Credit card fraud would be easiest for me to get her hauled off. I would send in an application under a pseudonym asking for a credit card. I made sure to change the name on the application every time but not the address, I wanted the constables to find her of course. When ever the credit cards arrived, I would swipe them and stick them in my cupboard and considering I was the one who got the mail, it was incredibly easy. The cards were put to good use, clothes, food and survival supplies were my main purchases and considering banks didn't send texts to notify a person about account activity yet, it was really easy. I watched with a smug smile on my face as the constables dragged Petunia from the house for credit card fraud. I did feel a little guilty for what I did but in the end, my survival was more important. Setting up Vernon for my murder was going to be hard. This would take all my knowledge of crime scenes and forensics. I knew that the prosecution would need to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Vernon was guilty of killing me. They would need proof that Vernon hated me and was planning on killing me. That part was easy, I was able to forge Vernon's handwriting well enough to fill a notebook with rants about his hatred of me and my parents. The next thing I needed to do was get my hands on a body that shared my DNA and my looks. That was where my magic came into play. I had been practising with wandless magic since I was about six. And by the time I was ten and decided to fake my death, I was pretty adept at it. The night I faked my death, I was able to create a decent body double that looked exactly like me. I wasn't sure if it shared my DNA but, I was confident that it worked. I would hate for my plan to fall through because I didn't do my job correctly. Anyway, once the body was positioned where I wanted it to be, I slipped upstairs and into Vernon's room, levitating a large butcher knife behind me. The knife would be the murder weapon but I needed Vernon's finger prints on it. A wandless imperious on the man allowed me to get Vernon to grab the knife and stab "me". That also allowed blood spatter to go everywhere. I then dropped the imperious and made him pass out on the floor. Crime scene, check. I grabbed my stuff and slipped out the back door. I knew that Vernon always kept the back door unlocked so it made it easy to escape the house. I slung the duffle bag containing my stuff over my shoulder and jumped into the bushes. I wanted to watch as Vernon was dragged out of the house by the constables. I pulled out a disposable cellphone from my pocket and called 999. It was interesting watching Vernon try and deny he killed me but the evidence spoke of itself. The body, the journals, the blood spatter, the knife and the blood covered Vernon. Not even Dumbledore or Mrs. Figg could deny that my "uncle" had killed me. I also felt a bit guilty for what I did but considering the way he and Petunia and Marge and Dudley treated me over the years and the fact I knew they would get away with abusing me outweighed my guilt. Once the constables, the medical examiner and the ambulance pulled away from the house and the neighbours had gone back inside their houses, I rose up from the bushes and looked around. I slipped the cellphone into my pocket and walked away, my duffle bag slung over my shoulder. If anyone had been awake at three in the morning, they would have seen a nine year old girl dressed entirely in black walking down the street. I hummed Styx's Renegade as I walked and didn't bother looking back. Done. This is the first in a series of rewrites I am doing for several of my stories. I hope everyone enjoyed the new and improved version of What Have I Done to Deserve This. So please, read, like and maybe drop a review. I'll see you all next time.