you regularly just to let you know what's going on,' Alexa said with a smile, subtly hinting to Lucius that she had no intention of letting the girl go easily nor was she inclined to be cowed by his haughty manner. 'We don't want you getting lonely locked away in that big old house, do we, and it's easy to lose touch with the real world in a place like that. I'm sure it's an interesting enough place, to begin with, but once you've been there a while it will no doubt lose its attraction.' 'You make the Manor sound like a prison,' Lucius rebuked, obviously stung by the barb. 'In fact, it's a beautiful and well-appointed house with lots of interesting features and a spectacular garden. I've lived there all my life and never got bored with it.' 'Different things appeal to different people,' Alexa answered cheerfully. 'I suspect Hermione would rather be with her friends at the Burrow playing Quidditch and having fun than stuck in some big dark museum of a house, however well-decorated it might be, Lucius. Anyway, it's always good to have letters — to hear people's news.' 'Of course, contact Hermione as much as you wish,' Lucius replied blandly. 'But now we really must be going. It's getting late and Narcissa will want to sort out a room for Hermione so we can settle her in properly.' 'Bye,' Hermione said, trying to sound happier than she actually was. The numbness was setting in again and she just wanted it to all be over and be alone so she could cry. She followed Lucius, who had swept past her and was walking with Fudge towards the door to the corridor. 'Chin up, Hermione, at least the place is comfortable,' Alexa said as Hermione followed the two men. Arthur stayed with Alexa, the two of them looking anxiously at each other as Hermione gave a wave before finally walking through the door. 'What's going on, Arthur?' Alexa demanded. Arthur walked over to the door and looked out for a moment to watch the trio walk towards the lift, their stances indicating that Lucius was as elated as Hermione was dejected. He closed the door and turned back to his colleague. 'I'm not sure, but I'm worried about Hermione,' he admitted. 'When I got here Lucius was already talking to Cornelius about taking her. He convinced Cornelius that Hermione would be better off with him and Narcissa because they have so much more money than Molly and me.' His voice fell as his expression turned sad and he sighed loudly. 'That idiot gave her to Lucius without any thought about how he and his family would treat her. He completely refused to acknowledge that the Malfoys have ties to He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. He even told us that the Ministry officially apologised to Lucius after he was sent to Azkaban because he was wrongly arrested!' 'What?' Alexa looked shocked. 'But he was caught red-handed with the other Death Eaters.' Arthur snorted with disgust. 'Yes, but you know Lucius. He can sweet-talk his way out of anything, especially where his toady Cornelius is involved. Somehow he managed to convince the Ministry he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time and that he joined the breakout because he was so desperate to be away from Azkaban, being an innocent man. 'I know Cornelius thinks he's doing the right thing in providing Hermione with a long term home where they can afford to buy her nice things, but you know what a blind spot he's always had about Lucius and his prejudices. I'm afraid Hermione's in for rather a rough time unless we can get her out of there quickly. 'It was suggested she could come to stay at the Burrow once she's properly settled at Malfoy Manor, but I suspect Lucius will veto that once he's got her home and under his control. I just don't understand what he hopes to achieve by holding onto her. She has no value for him and he must know that she doesn't know anything about the Order of the Phoenix. I just hope he's not planning to finish the job his friends started tonight.' 'How did he even know she was here?' Alexa asked. Arthur shrugged. 'I've no idea. I don't know whether he was already here with Cornelius when she arrived or whether he was told by one of his Death Eater colleagues that she had been rescued. Whatever the case, he certainly got in quickly. Cornelius had already all but agreed to his request when I arrived to take her back to the Burrow.' 'Is there anything we can do?' Arthur shook his head. 'Not in the short term, I don't think. I can try to talk to Rufus about it tomorrow, but I honestly think we're too late. Unless Lucius does something to publicly hurt Hermione we're just going to have to hope that he lets her come to the Burrow as he told Fudge he would.' 'Surely Scrimgeour will understand why she needs to be taken away from the Malfoys, won't he? He's not one of their toadies like Fudge is,' Alexa said. Arthur sighed. 'Probably, but as Cornelius pointed out during our conversation, the Minister has far more important things to worry about at the moment. Hermione is just a schoolgirl, and not an important one as far as he is concerned. If it was Harry that Lucius had tried to take, Rufus would probably have done something to stop him. But even though Hermione is Harry's friend she's not going to be considered worth rescuing, especially with school starting in another few weeks. 'I think we need to keep in contact with Hermione. If things are going badly for her we might have to consider ways to get her away from Malfoy Manor without the Ministry's help . . . although I'm not sure that's going to be easy as it's Lucius Malfoy we're dealing with.'