would admire his ability to pull off such a sincere expression, if it wasn't for the wounded pride thrashing inside him like a wild beast. "Show me!" Voldemort screams, launching himself at the boy, spidery fingers digging into Potter's shoulders. Potter's eyes widen and Voldemort dives into their depths without hesitation. There's a brief resistance from the boy's recently acquired Occlumentic shields but they give way before Voldemort even tries to push them, opening wide and inviting the Dark Lord into the depths of Potter's mind. It's just as turbulent as it was before, though not quite as painful. Potter doesn't fight him, although Voldemort can taste the bitter resentment flickering through his mind. He dissects Potter's memories with a vicious sort of scrutiny letting emotions wash over him in powerful waves. Snippets of Potter's daily flights with Draco, a warm fondness of his visit to the Weasleys mixed with some strange melancholy that Voldemort can't quite understand. He cannot comprehend most of the feelings swerving around Potter's head but drinks them up greedily. There's nothing. Voldemort searches and searches through Harry's mind but there are no hidden betrayals there. The boy is looking for ways to reconcile him with muggles because his consciousness doesn't agree with mass slaughter. He is also contemplating stealing the Slytherin Locket back because for whatever reason he misses the thing that dwells inside it. It is beyond Voldemort's comprehension and he waves away the innocence of these memories until he finally finds himself in Potter's eyes. Their night together plays before him and his own lustful expression looks almost demented to him. Voldemort is also shocked by the vulnerability he sees etched on his own face but Potter's mind is drowning him in heat and some kind of overwhelming tenderness and he can't really be bothered about anything else. He doesn't even notice the exact moment when he stops watching their needy kisses in Harry's mind and instead starts kissing the boy for real, clinging to the unbearable warmth of flesh. Potter is fierce, he pushes back against Voldemort and bites white skin with cruel delight. It's unexpected and, unlike the last time, Voldemort finds himself pliant under rough fingers and enthusiastic tongue. Potter flips them around quickly and shoves Voldemort backwards into the bed. There's something predatory about the way he moves and it suddenly becomes clear why fate decided to give this particular boy to Lord Voldemort. "I bet you're disappointed you didn't find what you were looking for," Harry whispers menacingly climbing on top of him. Voldemort's hands roam over the boy's hips wonderingly and Potter starts clawing at the Dark Lord's robe. When it refuses to budge, Harry hisses in frustration and the fabric starts simply dissipating under his fingertips. His magic is crackling in the air around him and it's breathtaking . " Harry ..." Voldemort whispers softly, not really aware of what he's saying. Potter's eyes flare and he lifts up his hips to shimmy out of his jeans and boxers and fling his jumper carelessly across the room. Voldemort is struck again by how graceful he is, his fluid movements reminiscent of mating dances of exotic snakes. Voldemort splays his white fingers across the boy's toned stomach, enjoying the silky texture of sweat-slicked skin and the subtle shivers that spring from his touch. Harry bends down to press a hot, open-mouthed kiss to Voldemort's thin lips. It's mindless and it's over way too soon. Their sleek bodies heat up and move together in a painfully perfect sync. Harry moans and leaves deep scratches on Voldemort's wraith-pale chest while Voldemort gasps and hisses and holds onto the unbearable heat of the boy. And somewhere between them their shared soul sighs sweetly and resonates with pain and longing. Afterwards they lie tangled together, a veneer of magic the only thing protecting them from the chill in the room. "Harry..." Voldemort starts because Potter is warm and close and still angry, so he probably needs to be addressed. He stops at the name, though, because he doesn't really knows what else to say and because things that need to be said do not bear being spoken. Harry coils around him like he 's the snake and sighs, sated and relaxed. "This… isn't going to get resolved, is it?" "Not in this century, I don't expect so." The boy snorts softly, clinging to him even tighter, "Good thing the century is almost over, then." Voldemort sighs. "You will be the death of me, Harry," he says it with a pleasant sort of certainty. He'd be surprised at how untroubled he is by that sentence but he is coming to accept the fact that his own reactions are anything but predictable when it comes to Harry. "You really think so, huh?.. Maybe it's a good thing. That we're still figuring things out, I mean. We have an awful lot of time on our hands. It could get boring otherwise." "Ah, yes, boredom. Our one true enemy." There's a bittersweet sort of resignation in Voldemort's voice, a fragile acceptance of the fact that he will be forever captivated by the boy lying next to him but will never truly capture him in return. Harry laughs melodically before playfully hooking one of his legs around Voldemort's thigh. His newly awakened erection is stirring against the Dark Lord's hip. It's such an obvious ploy. There is no reason Voldemort should be distracted from his melancholy by kiss-swollen red lips or intrigued by mischievous green eyes. Potter is a bloody menace, really. And yet. The Dark Lord can't quite resist. The End. Author's note: This story took me months to complete. As in I wrote most of it in about three of weeks and then spent several months trying to find a satisfying way to end it because I have lost my original vision. So, I'm sorry if it comes off as unfocused or shallow. I tried my best. Please, let me know what you think!