walk to the store after they had Phoenix traveled to the outskirts of town. A small, brick building with a wooden second story. Out front hung a small sign, a simple wand crossed with a sword above the words Lescot's finest. Despite all their flaws he found himself thanking his aunt and uncle for buying Dudley a French translation book, a book he had in turn thrown into his second bedroom. As it turns out, when you are locked away with nothing else to do, learning another language was rather simple compared to most other things. Pushing open the heavy oak door the thick smell of countless aged woods, unknown ingredients, and the thick polish meant for wand care. The shop was rather large, row after row of wands lying on shelves, each separated from its siblings so that no two wand may be confused. At the back of the shop sat a long row of bottles, jars, and boxes, each labeled neatly in French. From a curtain hanging behind the counter an elderly man emerged, his back hunched from years of toiling over wands. A beaten, formerly white apron covered him, countless stains dotted all over it, their size and colors matching their number. Silvery hair was slicked back, his silvery eyes looking at his costumers with an odd twinkle. "So long has it been since and Englishman has set foot in my shop." He smiled, slowly making his way over to them. "I can tell these things, as it is the place of a wand to know its master, so too does a craftsman need to know form whom he creates." A slight look of surprise crossed Harry and Bella's faces as the man answered the question before either of them even had time to ask it. When he reached the two of them he extended his hands, laying the palms up and looking to the young boy expectantly. Harry shared a look of confusion with Bella who just shrugged in return. Hesitantly, not truly ready to fully put his trust in a living being again, Harry placed his pale hands into those of the wandmaker. Aged fingers rand along his palms, inspecting every inch with both sight and flesh. "Mr. Potter," Harry stiffened but did not pull away. "Most of Europe was up in arms when they learned of your imprisonment, though how you ended up in my shop even I cannot tell. Your beautiful Phoenix may be the answer to that. Do not worry, we in France know a Hero would not do such a thing without reason, nor would he kill a young girl a year prior to time he was charged." Bellatrix's hands clinched tightly in her pocket, the simple banishing spell she could preform wandlessly dancing between her fingers. Asteria nuzzled the cheek of her master, calming his now anxious nerves. Every molecule of his body pulsated with magic as he prepared to defend himself should the need arise, not knowing what amount of credence he could put into the words of a man he had met only minutes before. A soft trill of a Asteria's unique Phoenix song sent steady pulses of calm through the tense mess that his nerves had become. "How do you know who I am?" Harry asked curiously, only allowing his guard to falter inappreciably. "Your hands Mr. Potter," The craftsman gestured to the appendages. "I can read a palm as well as any academic can read a tome, or as a legilimens can shift through the layers of a mind. I can tell almost your entire life from the lines you have formed and the scars you have healed. Now, you came for a wand yes?" A sudden change in tone threw both escapees off as the man practically ran to the back of the shop, returning with a white box. "One of the first wands I had ever made, and I dare say the most unique in our world. I ask that you handle this with care, while stronger than it looks it may have a temperament should I have read your palms incorrectly." The top was pulled away, revealing a ten inch wand fashioned of a black glass like substance atop a white cushion. A simple white leather wrapped around the hilt, the pommel wrapped around a shimmering amethyst with a sharp point. Veins of white ran along its length, forming vine-like patterns along it. At its tip in rounded off, a contrast to the sharp base. With steady hands Harry lifted the artwork made tool, giving it a slight swish as sparks matching its colors flew from it. A bright smile ran the man's face, "Ten inches, a base of dragon-glass and marble from the very walls of Camelot itself. Unicorn blood, willingly given, Thestral blood, forcibly taken, and Phoenix feather, unknowingly forgotten. Life, death, and rebirth. The endless cycle we must all live. Use my wand well." As the man tended to Bella, earning himself a slap to the face when he had insinuated that she was a vain person after reading her palms, which truthfully she was, Harry had lost himself in his new wand. It fit his palm perfectly, its length nearly weightless in his palm. Though the look and feel was not what caught him but the meaning behind it. A symbol of life, life that all knowingly live; a symbol of death, forced upon all when their lives reach their end; a symbol of rebirth, the start of a knew life as the memories of the past are unknowingly forgotten. A hand clinched around the wand as his eyes closed, snapping back open with a fire burning brightly behind them. He would find his place in this world and through fire he would be reborn anew. No longer would he be the pawn in the greater games of the world, now the pieces would be his to move and damn anyone that should choose to stand in his way.