whatsoever." "Good." As he opened the door to leave, I suddenly remembered, "Oh, Tom! Wait!" He sighed, "What, Milagros?" "How do I get into this place?" He almost smiled, "Right. You walk past here three times, picturing this place in your head. The door will appear." "Thank you." "You're welcome," he said and took his leave. Tom and I always sat next to each other in Transfiguration. Because of the difficulty of the subject, the teacher frequently had us partner up with the person we were sitting next to. Because Tom couldn't stand partnering with someone who didn't know what they were doing, he convinced me to sit next to him for the remainder of the year. It wasn't that I didn't like Tom, but working with him was difficult. He was so impatient and needed everything to be perfect. I was the same way in Potions, but when it came to Transfiguration, I had no problem slacking off a little. Tom wouldn't have it, though. I was forced to give one hundred percent. Another downside to being his partner was that he felt comfortable expressing his frustration with me. If he had partnered with anyone else he'd still have to play handsome and charming Tom Riddle, but instead, I had to deal with his brutal critique of everything I did. I had arrived early to Transfiguration precisely two weeks and three days after I had gotten the ingredients for the potion in hopes that Tom would be early as well so I could tell him the news. Unfortunately, he wasn't there. Every time the door opened, my heartbeat quickened and I whirled around in my seat to see if it was Tom. The first few times the door opened, I was met with disappointment, but finally, there he was. He strolled in and I took a moment to appreciate the way he walked. It was full of confidence, and he looked like he didn't even notice all the girls swooning around him. He had that air about him- like he had more important things to do. I couldn't decide if I admired that or if I wanted to slap the arrogance out of him. "It's finished," I said proudly once he sat next to me. "I'm sorry, what's finished?" Tom said, turning to me like he couldn't care less. I gave him a hard look, and recognition washed over his features. His apathy was replaced with what seemed to be the Tom Riddle version of shock. Tom doesn't show emotion very often, and when he does, it's about the tenth of what a normal person expresses when they're feeling apathetic. That makes it extremely difficult to know what Tom is thinking or feeling. "Already?" he asked, "You made sure to-" "Yes, Tom. Everything is accounted for. I'm actually a little hurt by your lack of faith," I said. I would never grow tired of impressing Tom, and I was shamelessly enjoying every second of it. "I see. Thank you." "No problem. Wouldn't want to see you get your hands dirty," I said looking towards the front. A couple minutes passed, and the professor had yet to show up. "I'm surprised you haven't asked what it's for." I turned toward him slowly, "Why does that surprise you? I've never asked before." "Yes, but you said it yourself that this was of a little bit higher… magnitude than the others." "Do you want to tell me what it's for?" Tom looked like he had no idea what to make of that question. He allowed some confusion to seep into his countenance and stayed quiet. I shrugged, "I kind of figured if you wanted to tell me, you would have." He folded his arms across his chest, leaned back, and went from confused to charming in a fraction of a second, "Aren't you the least bit curious?" "I guess. That's some pretty heavy stuff you're dealing with," I said putting up my guard. I preferred Tom when he was mean. I think that might be a little unusual and backwards, but charming Tom scared me. This was when I had no idea what he was really thinking. This was when he was his most dangerous. "'Pretty heavy stuff' is a bit of an understatement, wouldn't you say?" "Perhaps," I said cautiously. "Do you know what that could do in the wrong hands?" "I made it. I think I'm fully aware." "Exactly. You made it. It's on your conscience if something bad happens with it, but you don't care. You'd make it for anyone without even asking what their using it for," he said smirking. "I wouldn't make it for anyone," I muttered. "That's cute. Playing infatuated school girl again?" "No. Merlin, shut up," He was making me furious. I wasn't another skank that Tom used to get what he wanted. We were friends. I hated the voice he was using with me, too. That condescending voice he used with his other female companions. I was different. He smirked, but actually did stay quiet. I had no idea what exactly he was getting at or what he thought he won by that conversation, but he was obviously very proud of himself for the remainder of class. When I got to the room Tom showed me later that night, the potion was gone. I didn't care. I just thought about what he'd said over and over again. Was I infatuated with Tom? Was he just using me? I made potions for him, but I thought I definitely amounted to more than that. He didn't bat his eyelashes at me. He sat down and told me his tricks with women. I thought a mutual respect existed between us, but maybe that's what he wanted me to think. Tom Riddle wove a tangled web of lies, I knew that for sure, but I also knew that he never lost track. He never slipped up. He had everyone right where he wanted them. What made me different?