to his face "I'm so close to solving the crime, I can almost taste." LICK Ron was just licking a popsicle "Boy, crime fighting sure makes me hungry, and this popsicle hits the spot!" "Okay, good luck with all that Ron, and, um I guess I'll see you later!" said Harry. Harry then walked to his ghouse and saw Hermione there. "Hey Harry, I was just coming for a visit." Hermione then looked at harry nervous face "You don't look to good." "I'm fine Hermione, God." snapped Harry "Sorry, it's just stress. Let's go." "Harry you can tell me anything." said Hermione. "I can't hide it anymore" Harry broke down "I was the one who upset Claire, I threw the peanut at her." "Oh harry, why didn't you say anything?" Hermione asked while giving harry a hug "I didn't want you guys to hate me." "I could never hate you harry, your my Best friend, my BFF, I love you as a brother. But just a brother, so don't start getting ideas," Hermione then said "why don't we go tell your parents and see what they can do." When Harry and Hermione got to Harry's house, they saw Sirius bike outside. "Oh good, Sirius must be here, He can help me." said Harry When Harry and Hermione got inside they saw that Sirius wasn't there, but it was his cousin, Nymphadora Tonks. "Tonks what brings you here, and where's Sirius/" asked Harry. "I borrowed his bike to get here, but I have a few questions for you." said Tonks. "James, Lily, could you give us some alone time?" "Sure" said James. Tonks then turned to Harry, looked at him sternly and said "Were you at the Zoo the day of the Dragon incident?" "Y-yes!" "Did you, or did you not take part in various activities of zoo-time merriment?" "Y-yes!" "Are you familiar with this peanut?" Tonks then got out a zip-lock bag with 'Exhibit A' written on it. "Yes!" Harry said starting to whimper. "Just one more question... is it true that you were at the Dragon's lair with a Mr. Ronald Weasley?" asked Tonks. Harry then broke down once again "Yes! Yes! It's true! The Merriment, the peanut, the Weasley!" "That's all I wanted to know, Harry. I'm gonna book him!" announced Tonks. CLINK Tonks had placed hand cuffs on Ron Weasley. "Wow, you're good Tonks. I'm the last person I would have suspected, but I was looking for me all the time! It's the perfect crime!" said Ron. "Yeah, yeah, tell it the judge, Weasley!" said Tonks as she boarded Ron on the side car of the motorcycle and escorted him out. "Oh no! Harry what are we going to do? Ron is way too sensitive ." cried Hermione. Hermione then summoned Harry's broom and both of them flew off after Tonks. "Tonks! Wait! Stop! I'm the one you want! I am the criminal!" Harry shouted at Tonks flying on Sirius' motorcycle. HPHPHP At the Zoo, Ron was standing on a large wooden, and his arms were on chains at the Night wing stadium. Ron was next to a still crying Claire, and the entire crowed of people were booing at Ron. "Hey everyone, let's start throwing peanuts at him and see how he likes it!" said one of the crowd members. Everyone agreed and started throwing peanuts at Ron. "I get what I deserve!" Ron said while attempting to catch the peanuts with his mouth . "Ouch!" Just then Harry and Hermione ran in the stadium and up to Ron. "Wait! Hold your peanuts! Ron Weasley is innocent!" said Hermione. Harry then went up and said "Hermione is right, I have come to reveal the truth! They say the truth and honesty will be rewarded with trust and forgiveness, I'm here to lay my cards on the table, to trim the branches of deception from the tree of life, to shave the unkempt sideburns from the face of truth! I..." "Ay! Just get on with it!" said one of the members of the crowed. "I am the one who threw the peanut! I know now that what I did is wrong. So I say, I am sorry Claire the Night Fury, I am sorry Ron, i am sorry my fellow wizards and witches.' said Harry. "Hey! let's throw peanuts at all three of them!" said one of the crowd members. Harry, Ron, and Hermione then braced themselves. "Wait! Here's the real criminal!" said Bob the zoo worker as he held Draco Malfoy by his arm. "Um, hello everyone." said Draco. "I knew it!" said Ron as Tonks removed the chains from his arms. "Draco Malfoy has stolen a very important item from Claire the Night Fury." Bod then got out a pearl and said "Behold! Claire's large pearl." Bob then walked up the Claire the Night fury and said "Here you go Claire." he then placed the Pearl next to Claire. Claire then sniffs the pearl and the crowd cheers, but suddenly, the pearl starts to crack. And to everyone's amazement, it hatches into a baby Night Fury. "Aw, how cute, Claire was a mother! And the Pearls no pearl, it's an egg!" said Hermione. "I don't get it." said Harry. "Night Fury eggs look like large pearls, Harry." said Ron. The baby night fury then snuggled up to it's mother. "Awww..." said everyone in the crowed. The crowed then glared at Draco. "But it was free day." Draco said in defense. Everyone starts booing and throwing peanuts at him. "Well, Ron, sorry for arresting you again." said Tonks. "It's cool, after all, it wasn't like last you arrested me so I forgive." said Ron. "Come guys, let's go to my house.' said Harry. "I'm sure Mum might be cool with more guests for dinner.' Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Tonks went to Harry's home! The End! Well I hope you guys liked it! I will see you in another one shot people. Also please leave a comment.