the same, Handlers are paid very well and are often wealthy. The ones that survive become famous." Uncle Ben finished his sundae and looked at Michael with a grin. "No worries." said Michael. "I have no interest in that career." "Good." said Uncle Ben as he rose from his chair and stretched. "Now, if your done with your sundae, I have another surprise for you." Michael stood up eager to hear what his uncle had planned. Uncle Ben was very good at making outings interesting and fun. Once Michael and his uncle had simply made to go about Glasgow for some rare books and had ended up touring a very old and enchanted abbey. "Follow me." said Uncle Ben. Michael gathered up his newly purchased belongings and followed his uncle, not up the cobbled street back towards the Leaky Cauldron but down it the way they came. They traveled a moment before stopping in front of the Magical Menagerie. "Did we forget something?" asked Michael as they had already been there to purchase some of his school supplies. "Yes, my boy, we did. You sir, still need a pet." replied Uncle Ben with a smile. "I thought I was just going to use the family owl, Gulp." replied Michael. "I gave it some thought and decided that you need a proper pet. Shall we go in so you can choose?" replied his uncle. Michael wasted no time but quickly entered the store with excitement. As he entered, a sign that read "Pets" hung from the ceiling with an arrow pointing to the far wall. The wall was lined with all manner of owls, cats, frogs, rats, and even spiders. Michael approached, studying each specimen carefully, while a kindly looking witch smiled at him. "Starting Hogwarts, are we?" asked the witch and Michael nodded. "We already have an owl." said Uncle Ben. "How about a nice rat." Michael looked at the rats who are standing on hind legs in their cage looking at him. "Might I make a suggestion?" asked the witch. She walked over to a cage in which two cats sat. "I would recommend this one." She pointed to the handsome tom. Michael considered the cat and it looked as though the cat was considering him. "What's his name?" asked Michael. "He answers to Sampson." said the witch. Michael opened the cage then called to the cat. The cat obeyed immediately, jumping down and purring as it rubbed against his ankles. Michael payed the witch two galleons for Sampson and another galleon for cat food. Michael's uncle chuckled as he warned him to properly train his new feline companion or he could be paying for a new owl next time. "Now, across the street for the next surprise." said Uncle Ben. They walked across the street into a café of sorts. There were tiny tables that lined one wall of the establishment while a bar with stools and a huge mirror lined the opposing wall. Booths, smaller than an average man's booth sat nearest the front window. Michael assumed they might be for goblins. The whole of the establishment was well lit and cheery. A tall thin wizard bartender was happily serving his customers while joking about the weather. He looked to be about Uncle Ben's age with brown hair flecked with silver. "Hello Ben." said the bartender. "It's over here." He pointed to the end of the bar. At the end sat an old mug. "Thanks Frank." replied Uncle Ben. "I'll send my house elf to collect our things. Michael, stow your wand inside your robes." Michael did as he was told. "What's going on uncle?" "The second surprise of the day. I've registered us a port key for our return." said Uncle Ben. "Wow!" exclaimed Michael. "I've never traveled by port key!" "All you have to do my boy is simply touch the mug." Michael's uncle withdrew his wand and touched the mug with the index finger of his free hand. Michael touched his index finger and closed his eyes tightly. "It won't hurt Michael." said Uncle Ben. "Ready?" Michael nodded. "Okay. On the count of three. One... two... three!" Uncle Ben tapped the mug which began to glow a bright blue. Suddenly, Michael felt a hook like sensation just behind his navel as he, his uncle, and the mug started to spin. Faster and faster they spun. Everything seemed to disappear around them then out of nowhere the flat of #2 Albert Street appeared around them as though it had swallowed them. Michael felt the floor rise to meet his feet and he stood in his uncle's study. "So?" asked Uncle Ben smiling. "That was bloody brilliant!" replied Michael. Michael looked down at the mug that glowed bright blue again then disappeared. "Where'd it go?" asked Michael. "Frank wasn't going to let us keep one of his mugs." replied Uncle Ben. "Wollie!" A tiny house elf appeared with a loud crack . "Please go to Frank's Tea Cup and collect our goods." said Uncle Ben. The little elf bowed low then with another crack was gone. Moments later the elf returned with all their goods including Sampson who hissed and jumped out of the elf's arms. Apparently, the cat did not care for apparating. Uncle Ben sat down to finish reading the morning paper while Wollie the house elf put the goods away in their proper place. "Welcome to your new abode." said Michael to Sampson as he purred softly near Michael's left leg. Michael withdrew his wand and twirled it in his fingers. The same feeling of warmth seemed to emanate from the wand as it did in Ollivander's shop. Finally, Michael's tie to the greater Wizarding world was complete. He held it up and green sparks trailed from its tip as he twirled it. No more practice wands. Now, at Hogwarts, he would do magic. Real magic. A/N: Ah, the first chapter. Please review and let me know what you think. Thanks for reading!