toward a door that he knew all too well what is behind it is everything this old man stolen from his parent's and the cloak. He removes all wards from the door/bookcase some of the books are Potter's property, he sets them aside with other books he will take. Now on to the door/bookcase Harry double checks to make sure he did not miss anything, so he makes a portkey suck it on the bookcase/door he vanishes the hinges at the same time as the one way portkey activates sending it to a Middle East desert, it explodes. Harry could see that this closet is filled with his parent's property, he takes out a shrunken cargo net placed it on the floor and enlarge it, he turns this into a portkey to Peverell Manor. He cleans out the closet of everything then sent it off to the Manor, he spots four items on a bookcase by the window older Harry knew they needed to be destroyed, he levitates them into a magical pouch that he has on him. Turning toward Albus, Harry levitates the desk out the way so he has room to work, next is to scan Albus of anything magical on him, he just vanished everything off his body then quickly covers him. The Peverell's have this great spell that only paralyzes a person limbs from the neck down, he uses that spell on Albus after securing him to the chair, Harry did not want Albus to slip out. Changing his form to some twenty-year-old man, before waking Albus up, as Dumbledork woke he looks around to see a man standing in front of him and he is tied to his chair. "Who are you boy, I demand you to free myself," he yells at the man not really taking a good look at the young man. Harry let out a laugh shaking his head. "I don't think so Albus, you are not in any position to demand anything, I am here to kill you and free that Phoenix there, but first, I will let you know who I am." he changes to his true five-year-old self, Albus' eyes enlarge to see Harry Potter standing there. "Harry my boy..." a scream comes from Albus when Harry sent a punching spell to Albus' testicles that are hanging down from a hole in the chair. The man has tears running down his face from the pain he never felt before. "You will not call me boy, you can address myself as Sir." Harry sent a healing spell at Albus' testicles. "Now answer me truthfully, where is the money you stole from me. "In that closet, hidden behind a magical wall." Albus slowly answers as he is still in pain. Harry could see Albus has his head turned looking at the closet he just cleaned out, a slight smirk form on Albus' face. Harry could see it, he turns to Albus and sent another stronger punching spell to the man's testicles, he cries out in pain again. "Okay, stop, please stop, I will tell you where your money is. There is a vault under this tower that is where your money is, all five thousand galleons. Harry sent one more punching spell to the man's testicles. "Manny" Harry calls. A Potter Elf pops into the room right next to him. "What can Manny do for master Harry." the little elf said as he bouncing up and down waiting on his orders. "I like for you to check out the base of this tower for a vault full of my galleons, make sure you are not seen by anyone," he orders the little elf, he gave a nod and pops out. Within a few minutes, the elf pops back into the room with a very large trunk. "Manny found bad man's vault wizard wards were there and bad spell on the galleons, Manny remove everything made galleons safe put in Potter money trunk came back here to master Harry." the little elf said very quickly then adds. "Manny find family grimoire too." "Good work, you can take it back to the Manor, Thank you, Manny," Harry said before the elf, trunk, and Grimoire pops out. He turns to Albus still in pain, Harry sends a healing spell at the man. After Albus' pain fades away Harry starts to really interrogate him for just about an hour, interrogating Albus Dumbledork to find out the man has not yet made a Horcrux, his older self as memories that Albus had one. "You are a Horcrux Harry, you must die." the old man said between breaths. "Not anymore, it has been removed by my thirty-year-old self that came back in time to free me from that prison you kept me in. I have all of Tom Marvolo Riddle's Horcruxes and on the thirty-first of October this year they and Tommy boy will be no more, goodbye Albus." with a smile on Harry's face he pulls out his nine-millimeter loaded with magical bullets and shot Albus in the head and heart, no ghost form came from Albus' dead body. He turns toward the Phoenix and removes the spell as he did the Phoenix turns a golden and red color then flames away in a golden color flame. Harry just shakes his head, then he returns the office back the way he found it lifts all spells from the room and then teleports out. Within an office inside Hogwarts Deputy Headmistress, Minerva McGonagall sat at her desk working on next term when a great force fills her as the wards to the castle are hers to control. She stands and quickly goes to the Headmaster's office to find Albus dead, she returns to her office to floo call Amelia Bones head Auror of the DMLE. Harry teleports into the large hall of Peverell Manor to deal with his next project. A/N Well I guess, I will stop there with this chapter. I may continue this story later.