he wanted. The warm air of gratitude cooled down, and the intense awareness calmed to knowledge. "Thank you," Sirius managed. The dementor was apparently overwhelmed and caught in his own similar shocking surprise. He retreated from the cell and hurried down the corridor. Sirius took one last glimpse at the cell door, and, now unsteady and shivering, he stumbled back to his bed. Obviously, both of them needed some time to think this through. But he had no doubt this dementor would return to him soon, just as he didn't doubt he would let the creature into the cell again. But for now, he needed a clear mind. Just like his guard. Until the bulky one returned, another dementor took his position outside the cell. This one was skeletal, cold like the walls, and just as familiar. Sirius had heard him called Vaqqu when the biennial supervision team had visited. He was in charge of the high-security area: an old and experienced specimen. Sirius wondered if he should give him a try. This time, he didn't speak. Magic required words; feelings did not. Besides, talking to his own guard felt natural and somewhat obvious to him. Vaqqu clearly demanded a distance. And respect. As he considered the details of his experience with his keeper, Sirius finally concluded that the difference was in the direction of his feelings, not their nature. Few wizards, if any, had ever felt something positive towards a dementor. That had to be the explanation to what had happened. Toward Vaqqu, he had little reason to be thankful about. Maybe that the senior dementor was managing the worst criminals here, so that the wizard's few remaining loved ones were safe. But even that impression had been a derivate of his deference towards the ancient one. He decided to give his unspoken respect a try, and focused. Vaqqu's mind opened to him, quiet and dark, like the entrance of a haunted fortress. The dementor was in complete control of what he would share, and what he'd keep hidden. But in their first moments of contact, Vaqqu revealed not only that he was aware of what had happened between the usual keeper and Sirius, but that he approved of it, and he was expecting this connection to grow stronger, now that they knew how it worked. Meanwhile, just like the previous dementor Sirius had talked to, this one did not move an inch. He was levitating quietly, the scarce light shimmering on his hood's enigmatic frostwork. His eye-less face was turned towards a pillar to which inmates would be chained during the annual cell-cleaning. His current attitude reminded Sirius of one of his Defense Against Dark Arts teachers, who refused to give out any useful information and let his students learn from none other than their mistakes. The assigned guard came back, and as the substitute was about to leave, Sirius caught a fragment of their dialogue. The frosty one welcomed his subordinate in a friendly manner, something the animagus had never before expected from a dementor. The bulky one, however, thought it was self-evident, and even mocked the blinking wizard for thinking otherwise. The frosty-hooded dementor floated away as the assigned guard had returned to his position. Unlike the usual dread dementors tended to leave in their wake, Sirius was left with a clear message that he would be used, not as a feeding source, but as a figure in a grand game of wizard's (and dementor's) chess. As his guard imported to him, nothing less should be expected from someone who had once had wizards like Owle Bullock under his control. "That's rather reassuring," the animagus said, sarcastically. "It must be easier to you. You have friends here. I don't." The dementor gave him an eyeless stare from under his hood. "Or maybe I do," Sirius corrected himself. "Daire, if I caught your name properly?" The bulky non-being nodded in a deceivingly human-like gesture. This time, it was his gratitude that reached the wizard: surprise that the animagus valued him enough to learn his name. "You're the only one in the entire world who doesn't think of me with disdain. If your name I didn't remember, I don't know whose I should. Why don't you come in?" Only when the dementor entered, did Sirius notice that he was holding something in one slimy, greyish hand. It was a half-pint white mug, with the logo of the International Confederation of Wizards. A few ink-blue lines were scattered around the white glaze. As Sirius took it from Daire, the random patterns reorganized themselves into rows of legible text. "Experimental for use of heat and resistance testing under conditions extreme," the wizard attempted. "Couldn't they cast a better translation spell on it?" He read on. "Research property of Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, 1758. Let me guess. The French wanted this tested under extreme circumstances, best known as: you. And now you're curious if it still works?" In reply, the dementor placed an ice-covered jug of milk on the table, then detached the mug's handle at the upper connection point, and bent it upwards. The handle kept looking like solid glazed porcelain, but it opened into a funnel. Sirius poured some milk through it. What seeped into the mug from the lower side of the handle, however, was not cold, nor white: it was pleasantly steaming, and cocoa-scented. Amazed, the wizard wrapped his fingers around the mug, enjoying the heat. He took a disbelieving sip. The liquid was creamy, tasty, reassuring. Each gulp warmed his lips, his tongue, his throat, his soul. "Hm. I'm not sure I've ever drank hot chocolate this good before!" Or maybe he just couldn't remember, because he was currently among dementors, who tended to make the best memories fade. But at the moment, he cared little about that. He refilled the mug (there was still plenty of milk available) and smiled over the foamy, creamy drink. "Cheers, Daire." Then he downed its contents in one go.