day to help go through the artifacts they'd found. They were still trying to determine what could be safely used and what had to be disposed of. As they arrived at Fleur's side, they saw her holding the black diary in her hands. "Fleur, if it's magical, why are you touching it?" Bill asked. His wand was out, but he was holding still, lest he accidentally trigger something. "Relax, Bill, it's nothing… it was just a spell to mask the writing. There's nothing else wrong with it." Fleur was smiling as she spoke. Bill lowered his wand slightly. "If that's all it is, why didn't any of us find anything? A concealment spell that good wouldn't be used lightly." Fleur's smile turned decidedly impish. "Because you're not girls, that's why." At their blank stares, Fleur laughed. "It's a diary! Girls don't like others prying into their private thoughts, but especially don't like boys prying. Let's see who it belonged to, shall we?" Bill blinked. "Well, if it's just a diary…. But, better safe than sorry, I suppose. Let's have a look." As the opened the diary, they were surprised to have it flip open to what appeared to be the last entry. The group peered down, and saw distinctly feminine handwriting on the pages. To whomever finds this, I write this in a brief moment of clarity. It's hard to see how I could have changed so much with so few noticing… but I don't have time. Even now I feel the other thoughts coming back… I am going to try and destroy the mirror, but I have given orders to a house elf to hide it should I fail, along with this diary. If you find with this diary a mirror, DO NOT TOUCH IT. It will make you think it is harmless, but it changes you. It searches you for darkness. Arrogance, hatred, even confidence at times, and magnifies them. It hides implications, changes perceptions… you can see that you're hurting people, but it doesn't really register as a problem. You find ways to blame them. It's their fault for being too weak, for being too stupid, for not seeing that purebloods are superior! They should… The handwriting was shaky for a few words, then steadied out again. And I'm losing it already. I was raised to believe that Purebloods are superior, so that's what it magnified. I don't think the mirror is evil, but it is dangerous. I've…. done things… and I enjoyed them. I remember that. I have to destroy the mirror, before I think about how much I enjoyed… No. I'm out of time. If you see a mirror with this diary, destroy it immediately. I know not where Kreacher will take it, but hopefully it will be safe. And if you see me... know that I'm sorry for whatever I do. I've already killed once. I didn't want this… I didn't... The group was silent for a moment, before Sirius spoke up. "I recognize this handwriting…." He grabbed the diary and flipped to the front cover. In the same hand, on the first page, 'Property of Bellatrix 'Trixie' Black, for her eyes only' was written in large letters. "I always wondered what happened… she was so sweet when we were young… " Sirius gently closed the diary. "Damn the Blacks to hell, I'm sure it was one of my family's precious heirlooms that did this to her. Did Hermione say she found a mirror with this thing?" Remus and Bill shook their heads. Fleur spoke up, "Then maybe… Bellatrix was able to do one last good deed before madness took her?" "I'd like to think so." Sirius said. "Still, it wouldn't hurt to search that room once more, just in case. Let the girls know, so we can get this done quickly." Hermione lounged in the library. She didn't think Sirius or anyone else would find anything else in that room, but they were welcome to look… the mirror was safely tucked inside her robes, and it's not like anyone was going to frisk her. So, wizarding attire was useful for something after all! There was so much information here. Histories of what wizards had done, who the powerful families were…. She was sure a lot of information was omitted as well, but if a fool like Fudge could get himself elected, it couldn't be too hard to figure out the rest. The wizarding world was so much smaller than the muggle world, after all… and without magic, muggles had to be twice as good, twice as smart. Maybe she'd study muggle politics… if she understood those, understanding the wizarding world should be a breeze. And Hogwarts would be useful too. More magic, more knowledge… and a chance to make contact with others who might help her fix the world. Wizards still used slaves , and they had convinced themselves that because they'd brainwashed the slaves into enjoying it, it must be ok! Clearly, the wizarding world couldn't take care of itself, so she'd have to help out a bit. Her current topic of study, though, was memory charms. They were difficult to do, but she'd need them in case anyone she spoke to didn't like her ideas. She wasn't going to kill people, of course… she was better than that, better than a society that thought every crime should be punished with torture. But she had to keep her ideas a secret for now. Hermione wasn't sure how she had gone so long without seeing the obvious… maybe it was taking time to just think? She was usually so busy learning and doing things… who would have thought finding a mirror and taking some time to brush her hair every day could make such a world of difference? She felt a sudden urge to show Sirius the mirror, just in case… but… in case of what? It was just a mirror, after all, and she had far more important matters to worry about.