into where the wound had been inflicted on the girl's body. Gabrielle gasped in pain, the only visible sign that she was living and still responsive. "Gabrielle!" The French witch called out to her companion. She held the sick girl's face gently in her hands as she turned to Hermione, "Please, is there anyzing you can do so zat she will not feel zee pain?" "There is no time. I have to do this now or she might not make it," Hermione said firmly, so that the french witch would understand that Gabrielle's pain was secondary to her living. The blond did not object any further. Against her better judgement, she trusted that Hermione would do everything within her power to help the girl. The brunette witch had that countenance about her that strongly indicated her will was good and her intentions fair. The blond knew she was useless in this aspect. She had nothing more to contribute and in some ways had further escalated Gabrielle's fragile condition. She continued to whisper French nothings into Gabrielle's ears; a last ditch effort to sooth her in her time of pain. Hermione didn't waste anymore time. She plunged her hand into the open wound that she had created. She did her best to block out the sounds of French mutterings and the cries of pain that ensued. And instead she focused her magic on finding the damaged organ inside the girl. Her eyes were furrowed in concentration. An old familiar feeling danced around the back of her mind behind her closed eyes. She had previously compared the sensation to what she could only imagine echolocation felt like. Her magic being the waves that bounced off each surface in the girl's body lending her a new sense of sight she would not have been able to have otherwise. After a moment more of probing, she finally found the offending organ and gripped it in her hand. She then began to chant a healing spell she learned from watching madame pomphrey late in her fourth year at Hogwarts. After only seeing it performed a handful of times, she had remembered it and practiced it over and over until it became almost second nature to her. She had thought it would be useful to know back in those days when Harry, Ron, and herself were always having misadventures and coming home broken or wounded. She had wanted to prevent them from going to the old woman so often. Luckily it wasn't an incantation easily forgotten. Once she felt the organ was fully healed, she immediately removed her hand from Gabrielle's body and magically sutured the wound back together. Then she went to her bag and dug around for one potion she knew she had. She had learned to craft something only relatively similar in theory during her residency and had been improving upon the formula. It was a potion that would restore the rate at which blood cells regenerated. This made blood coagulate faster so that there wouldn't be a need for a transfusion. The patient was able to regenerate their own blood at a faster rate than normal on their own. She had planned to show it off at the convention-her first true contribution to the medical world. Once she found the potion in her bag, she brought it over to Gabrielle's frail, chapped lips. "I need you to help me give her this potion," Hermione said to the French witch. The blond complied and gently attempted to open the girl's mouth. The brunette slowly poured the potion down Gabrielle's throat, being careful not to drown her or make her any more uncomfortable than she already was. Hermione only gave her half of the potion, estimating that anymore than that could cause complications. She didn't want the girl's blood overproducing. It was better to give her less and monitor her recovery over time in small doses. After the potion was given, they all fell into a very deep, comfortable silence. Gabrielle had fallen asleep due to overexertion of what little energy she had left. But she was still very much alive and stabilizing at a much better rate than in the state when Hermione had first found her. This was more than good for the time being as far as the brunette was concerned. She couldn't, however, speak on behalf of her blond counterpart. Who still seemed just as worried as when she captured Hermione on the train and brought her here. The French witch remained hunched over the recuperating girl. Nimble fingers idly played with the girl's hair. A slight frown seemed to be permanently plastered to the woman's lips as if she never intended to smile again. Not that Hermione had even seen her smile. At this point she had seen so much discontent in the blond's features she couldn't even picture what the woman's smile might even look like if she did. The brunette started to lift her hand as if she could offer the blond comfort through something as simple as a gentle hand to the shoulder. But quickly rethought the gesture and sat back in her chair, running a shaky, tired hand through her hair. Both women patiently waited Gabrielle's recovery. Once again, the blond witch stared at the healing girl as she spoke to Hermione, not willing to take her eyes off Gabrielle for even a moment as if that aided the healing process, "Zank you." There was not more that Hermione felt that she could say other than a quiet but sincere, "You're most welcome." Translations : 1) Quelqu'un ici est-il un docteur? Est-ce que quelqu'un ici est médecin? n'importe qui? - Is anyone here a doctor? Is anyone here a doctor? Anybody. 2) Etes-vous un docteur? -Are you a doctor? 3) Parlez-vous français - Do you speak French? 4) Un peu - A little 5) C'est moi. Je suis isi. J'ai amené quelqu'un pour t'aider - It's me. I'm here. I've brought someone to help you.