got an unbreakable charm on the off chance those animals try destroying it. There are two different potions here and don't worry, you aren't the only one that's on them." Harry frowned at the last part and Sirius sighed, the pain of his Azkaban years coming to the fore. "See, people aren't always in Azkaban for life. When a prisoner comes out they're given a schedule of potions that gives them back a healthy body. You're still older than you went in and the mental scars don't go away with a quick shot of magic but physically you're able to be in society again without scaring everyone away." "But you should be taking these!" Harry cried out. "I am." Sirius promised. "I got these from the goblins. Mine will have me physically healthy in a month, that's the usual time-frame for something like this, but with you I asked that the potions spread the changes out so they'll finish their work at the end of the summer. You still only have to take the same number of potions as me and this way it looks to everyone else like a growth-spurt rather than anything magical. The red ones have to be taken once a day for the month and they'll repair bones, muscles, maybe even your eyesight if your eyes are doable." "My eyes?" Harry was in awe. Why hadn't he wondered if magic could fix his sight? That's right, he thought. Because I had my head buried in the sand. "Yep." Sirius grinned back. "James had a genetic thing so he couldn't get his fixed until his mid-twenties. If yours is the same problem then you won't notice any changes or it might not be and you could be without the glasses by the time you return to school. I'll put a spell on your glasses so that they automatically update your prescription. It's a spell I had to learn for James in case he lost his and we had to transfigure an emergency set." Harry thought about the idea of having better vision. Even if his eyes didn't get any better, Sirius' spell would still allow him to see better then he could right then. From the horrors of earlier he was feeling the high of being loved and cared for. He forced himself to listen as Sirius continued. "The blue potion will help you put on muscle. You have to work out and run so your body knows what to do with the muscle. Once you stop working out you stop growing muscles even if you keep taking the potion. If you run in the mornings and join me in the exercise room that this tent has then we can give you the body you should have had all these years." Harry took the box with reverence, the thrill of having a body that wasn't the result of the Dursleys 'love and care' caused his heart to beat wildly in his chest and he almost missed what Sirius said next. "And this is an old family heirloom." Sirius showed him the gold pocket watch with what he assumed was the Black coat of arms on the cover. Two greyhounds rampant charged with a chevron, two five-pointed stars in the shield with a short sword blade upwards. Sirius pushed a button and it sprung open to reveal what Harry could only describe as a work of moving art with the golden arms and intricately designed hour marks. Harry was sure it would be the most expensive thing he'd ever possessed. Another button was pushed and the watch face snapped out and hung down from the casing to reveal a small, familiar looking hourglass underneath. "That looks like... that's a..." Harry stammered. "That's right, kiddo." Sirius grinned like the schoolboy of years past. "The Black family time-turner, possessed by the Head of House and given to the heir Black when in need, last seen in the possession of my grandfather Arcturus Black. It's blood-tied to the Black line and I want you to have it. Arcturus' cousin was James' mother Dorea Potter née Black. Trust me, you have enough Black blood to qualify for its ownership." Harry tried everything he could to refuse the gift until Sirius had him examine why he didn't want it. After admitting he felt he didn't deserve such a special object, Sirius was having none of it. "Listen, Harry." The Marauder demanded. "This tent is under strong notice-me-not and anti-muggle charms. I'm planning on being here the entire summer teaching you everything you should have been told about the Wizarding World, your family and where you come from. You're being left ignorant from too many things that are important and everyone who should notice that you are lacking this knowledge are failing you by not giving it. I want you to use the watch so you can spend your days here and at the house doing your homework or any other study I think you need to. I'll have Pepper-up potions ready for you to use so you can handle the extra work so you won't burn yourself out. That is if you want to do this?" Sirius' speech petered out into a shy question laced with fear and Harry realised that the plan was also a way of giving the two their chance to connect. Harry answered the only way he could, by tackling his godfather in a huge hug and taking the watch. They said their goodnights, Sirius giving Harry a strange set of instructions and then Harry left to get to Number Four. He spun back the number of hours he had been told and went to his room, mirror-calling Sirius to say that he was safe and that the Animagus could now leave the tent to pick up the younger Harry. With that piece of confusing closed-loop time-travel over with, Harry sat down to work on his summer homework with a sense of purpose his teachers would never believe. oOoOo