sympathetically, but there was an undercurrent to his words. "Daunting might be a better word, I don't scare easily." She said, avoiding Tom's piercing gaze. "But yes." "Where is Harriet?" Tom asked Constance. "Still patrolling, she should be back soon. She mentioned something about ruining some 'Puff's night." She grinned. He nodded. "We'll introduce you to everyone else in the morning, and I imagine the Headmaster will make a short announcement." "What Newts were you taking?" Adelaide asked politely. "Charms, Defence, Transfigurations, History of Magic, Potions, Herbology, Astronomy, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Care of Magical Creatures." She said, listing them all off. She'd dropped Divination and Muggle Studies after third year, deciding they weren't worth her time. Tom's eyebrows lifted. "That's even one more than Renaud." He looked strangely interested. "What were your Owl Scores?" "Nine O's and one E in Defence. It's never been my best subject and we'd had a horrid string of teachers." She made a face. Her DADA OWL score had always bothered her. "If you want to ace your Defence Newt next year you should join the study group." Hadrian said and subtly looked to Tom. "We'll see if she fits there." Tom said quietly. Hadrian nodded, letting it be. Hermione watched the byplay and just helped herself to one of the biscuits. As she finished her tea, Constance stood. "Let's head up to the dorm and get you settled." She said to the other girl. "Sure, sounds good." She picked up her book bag. "Goodnight." She said to the boys, who nodded politely. "Sleep well." Tom said, holding her eyes for a moment. Hermione swallowed nervously before falling into step with Constance. The other girl walked ahead and they entered the 6th year girl's dorm. There was, as the Headmaster had predicted a bed waiting for her. She set her book back down and took off her robes, setting them aside and looking with a frown at the tear in the sleeve. "You're about my size." Constance said and went to her trunk taking out a folded pair of soft cream pajamas. "You can borrow these." "Thank you, you're a lifesaver." She said sat them on the edge of her bed, realizing that to convince everyone that this had been an accident she'd need to buy all new things, and how would she even do that? "I'm sure Professor Slughorn will be able to help you purchase some new things." Constance said, able to see the other girl's worries. "It's not just that, it's all my books and notes, all my things…it's all gone." She whispered quietly. Constance went over and took her hand. "It'll be ok…you're a smart girl, you'll land on your feet." She squeezed her hand reassuringly. "Besides, you're very pretty and some rich wizard is going to snap you up quick." She winked at her. Hermione blushed darkly. "Just be careful around Hadrian, he'll take advantage if he thinks he can." She warned. "A well placed stinging hex is usually enough to warn him off if he gets a little pushy." "Thanks, I'll keep that in mind." She was put in mind of Cormac. "I'm just going to get cleaned up and changed." She said and headed into the bathroom that the four girls would share. Her initial reaction was that it was MUCH nicer than the bathrooms in Gryffindor tower. There was a dressing table with a padded bench and a pretty privacy screen. There were two shower stalls and a toilette closet off to one side. She washed off her face, finding a little blood that Tom's spell had missed and she went behind the privacy screen to change. She frowned as the neckline of the pajamas dipped a bit low over her cleavage, showing the top of her scar that Dolohov had given her. A quick glamour hid her 'mudblood' scar, it was small enough that no one should notice. The Dolohov scar however….that was too big to conceal regularly. Someone would notice the glamour. She came out and unclipped her hair, letting it fall around her shoulders. She turned around, jumping a bit as she realized Constance was sitting at the vanity, watching her. "What's that scar from?" "Dark curse. I got into a duel with someone beyond my level and they weren't exactly playing fair." She said. Constance's eyebrows lifted. "I'm assuming you don't glamour it because it's large?" Hermione nodded and traced her finger from the tip of the scar that she could see, down her body to where it rested against her hip. "It was a pretty nasty recovery actually. I'm lucky I survived it." She nodded. "You'll have to tell me the story sometime, when you're not reeling from getting hurled back in time." "Connie!" A voice called from the main room. "We're back here Hattie!" Constance said. "So they weren't pulling my leg." A shorter, heavier set girl came in. She had a slightly round face with a pleasant smile and red curls framing it. "Sorry I wasn't here to greet you properly, I'm Harriet Rosier…but please call me Hattie." She said. "Nice to meet you Hattie, I'm Hermione Granger. My friends call me 'Mione." Hermione managed a smile. "Well if you need anything at all, please let us know." She said. "I imagine that right now what you really need is some sleep." "Yeah, I'm pretty exhausted actually." She admitted. "We'll size one of my spare uniforms for you until you can get your own." Constance said as the girls headed back into the dorm. Hermione fell into her bed, utterly exhausted. She pulled her curtains closed and cast a quick privacy spell and laid back. She looked at the wand in her hand and scowled. It was Bellatrix's. It still fought her, but with its Mistress now dead it seemed to be accepting that it was hers. Her new Dorm mates seemed very nice, but Tom terrified her. There was nothing at home in his eyes…a true deep darkness.