your mind of all extraneous thoughts, you should be able to focus on casting your nonverbal spell." Hermione closed her eyes, and Harry knew she was trying to cast nonverbal magic. She finally opened her eyes, a pleased smile on her face. "Well?" she said hopefully. She clearly thought she had succeeded. Harry simply laughed, showing Hermione that her silencing spell hadn't worked. As Hermione frowned in frustration, Harry couldn't help but think that she was just so goddamn adorable when she was frustrated. His heart was pounding in his ears as he tried to keep his face from growing red at her closeness. His nerves were growing — he wished he still had felix on his side. Hermione suddenly stood up. "I need to find a book on how to clear my mind," she said. "Surely there has to be something that explains the process." Harry grabbed her wrist and gently pulled her back onto the beanbag. She looked surprised at his action, and even Harry was in awe of himself. "What—?" was all Hermione managed to say. Harry screwed up his Gryffindor courage — he had promised himself he would be spending the night with a witch in his arms, after all — and brought his face closer to Hermione's. He saw her eyebrows rise, then her eyes fluttered closed as she realized what was happening. Harry squeezed his own eyes shut as his lips brushed hers. It was a light, embarrassed peck that Harry quickly tried to back out of — he couldn't commit to this after all. It was too mortifying. Then Hermione's hand was on his robe holding him in place, and she was pressing her lips against his, and they melted against each other. Harry's hand found its way to her waist as her hand continued to hold him there, and they stayed like that for quite a while. When they finally broke apart, Hermione's cheeks were as red as Harry knew his own were. "Sorry," she said in a tiny voice. Harry shook his head. "No, that was...amazing," he said. She coughed in embarrassment and said, "W-what brought that about?" Harry grinned. He wasn't so nervous now that he had kissed Hermione and received a good reaction. "Not much," he said. "Took some felix to get with Ginny but ended up touring the castle learning what love was instead. Long story short, I realized I wanted to be with you rather than anyone else." Hermione took in a sharp breath. "Me?" she asked, confused. "Why me?" "Why would it be anyone other than you, Hermione?" Harry shot back. At Hermione's confused look, he said, "When I think about what I like about you, the list is longer than you can imagine, but I'll try to give you the highlights. I like your work ethic, your never-ending thirst for knowledge, your loyalty, your bravery, the way your eyes light up when you learn something new, the way you chew your quill in thought, and yes — I even like your streaks of jealousy." Hermione, who was now red to the roots of her hair, took a moment to scoff. "I don't have jealous streaks," she said. Harry arched an eyebrow at her. "The Half-Blood Prince would like a word with you, Hermione." Hermione turned her nose up. "That aside, it seems as though you've really put some thought into this." Harry laughed. "It was a no-brainer once I realized it," he said. "I love you, Hermione." Harry felt heat rising to his cheeks, but he held her shocked gaze evenly. Then she smiled. "I love you too, Harry." "Brilliant," Harry said with a grin. He wasn't shocked to hear the words from Hermione's mouth — something in his gut told him he had known all along. He pulled her in close and kissed her again. They kissed and talked the evening and night away until Madam Pince came around to make sure the library was empty — it was closing time. She cleared her throat loudly, pulling the two of them out of what had to have been their thousandth kiss that day. Hermione turned red and began stuttering an excuse, but Madam Pince cut her off. "A library book lying forgotten on the ground. Honestly," she said. She glared at Harry. "He's a bad influence, this one." Harry struggled to keep the laugh that was rising in his chest from escaping from lips. She was dead serious. Madam Pince picked up the book and shooed them from the library while Hermione repeatedly apologized about the book. They walked hand-in-hand through the hallways, and while the feeling of Hermione's slender hand in his felt amazing, Harry wished they were still kissing on the beanbag chair. Hermione sensed his restlessness. "What's up?" she asked. Harry gave her a slight bump with his shoulder, a broad smile on his face. "Just eager to continue our...conversation from the library." Hermione chewed on her lip for a moment. "Why, Mr. Potter, I do believe you're flirting with me," she said with a small giggle. Harry's heart swelled at how happy and carefree Hermione looked at that moment. "That's it," he said, and he took off running towards the Gryffindor common room, dragging Hermione along with him. They were going to continue the library conversation as soon as possible. Harry had what he was sure was the biggest smile he had ever smiled on his face. He finally had what he wanted, and he would make sure to never let her go. His Hermione. And, listening to her laughs echo through the halls as they ran, he knew she felt the same. It really was a fine spring day. A/N: Please feel free to review and let me know what you think. Been working on a long fic for the past few weeks. I'm posting regular updates on my profile as I work towards putting it up, so keep an eye out if you're interested. Thank you for reading!