before, that helped, but we didn't talk about that time. We were more like acquaintances. We were only together in a class for year. My fourth year, Arithmancy class. No Draco, no Nathaniel, no trouble between Gryffindor and Slytherin. Of course there was Granger, whom we both beat at every occasion. It just wasn't her class. She was good at remembering things, not something so fundamental and logical. "We will come back if you want to," I said looking into her blue eyes. She was so beautiful! God bless Fleamont Potter. "We can?" She asked happily "We own the place, Daphne ." She smiled and kissed my cheek. I knew I was blushing again, my whole body was burning. Oh god, it was twice in a day. She didn't look much better. I cleared my throat, and she just nodded and led me out into the Hall. We were heading towards the reception, I could see two figures standing at the reception and I tensed as I recognised them. A man with black hair and a woman with vibrant red hair. I placed my arm around her waist and pulled her a bit closer. She seemed to have recognised them too and was more than happy to oblige. Of course I didn't complain when she laid her head on my shoulder, though she seemed to glare at the couple. "Harry, Daphne! Did you have a good time?" Ellie asked from the counter and winked at me. "You did order a pain reliever, I see." I blushed horribly, along with Daphne. Daphne smiled at the girl, while I glared at her. The Potters too looked amused at the debacle. "Miss Greengrass," Lily Potter greeted her. "And who this might be?" She asked curiously. "Lily, if I had to guess, he would be her boyfriend." James said as if it were the most obvious thing in world, which did look like quite obvious seeing their proximity. "Husband," Ellie corrected. "Betrothed for now," I corrected correctly, glaring at Ellie as I pulled out a Gringrotts card and placed it on the reception. I turned towards James Potter and extended his hand, "Hadrian." "Only you would pay at your own restaurant," Ellie commented as she took the card, knowing I wouldn't take no for an answer. I ignored her, didn't look like Potters did, but they didn't comment. James shook my hand less firmly, for an Auror, "James Potter and my wife Lily Potter.. Umm, you don't have a last name?" He asked jokingly. "It isn't as if we hate Muggleborns?" "But, you do hate traditionalists from what I heard," I chuckled. "And it isn't as if you included Captain Auror and Lord in your title?" James looked at me suspiciously, and I didn't blame him. I just raised my hands in surrender and said, "I am not a Death Eater if you are wondering, just Lord Hadrian 'Harry' Peverell." Daphne just looked upon curiously while Lily Potter was openly gaping at me, while James just looked off his rocker to me. "The warder?" He asked excitedly. "Bones won't shut up about you..." Harry shrugged. The wards at the Ministry were quite tricky and powerful, they were using forty nine wards in every department and more in each cubicle and entire Ministry. "Placing them was easier than managing them." Daphne just seemed to be content with my shoulder... something was troubling her. "Harry designed the wards of this place too!" Ellie commented before returning me, my card. "We will take our leave then," I said pocketing the card. I nodded towards the Potters. "I wish you could tell," Lily said. "What kind of runes are you using? We couldn't figure them out" I felt Daphne tense beside me as I did the same. I knew her reason was different. "Apologies, Lady Potter, but that information is confidential, and even disclosing it to an Unspeakable too would require clearance..." I commented with a bit of edge in my voice. Who the hell asks about protections on your nations' most respected office on a foreign lands. "How did you know?" James Potter blurted out. I just feigned ignorance, "How did I know what? The wards?" Of course I know his wife's an Unspeakable. "Nothing, Lord Peverell. My husband is just a bit drunk. I beleive we shall take our leave... " Lily Potter replied. "It was nice meeting you. " And they were gone. I looked down at Daphne, she was scowling. Elite just rolled her eyes and waved her wand. A privacy bubble. "You parents are idiots," she commented harshly. I smiled at her. Of course they are idiots... Atleast, they did disown me and I wasn't answerable to any of them. "Yes, they are..." "So?" She asked as her face brightened, "When is the marriage?" I shrugged. Whenever the contract permits... meaning on a full moon night, after Halloween at exactly 07:07 before we turn twenty-two, i.e. atleast two to three years. Nonetheless we would be declared married by then even if we didn't wed. The contract only prohibited mating anyone else. "I don't really know," I said instead. "It is upto Daphne." Ah! Bingo! "We will see," she smiled and laid her head on his shoulder again. I smiled and we disappeared to Greengrass Manor. I felt a little bad for leaving Ellie behind like that, but I knew she would understand. We appeared directly outside the main gate, on the edge of ward line. A/N Dunno if there were any there were any mistakes, so please feel free to point them out! I got the idea (and stole it, well not really as I worked hard and put my brains(and time) and altered quite a few things) from a fic I don't quite remember the name, so apologies. And Grindelwald wasn't even in that fic, nor were James and Lily. Neville was the BWL, I think. And of course, I don't own HP Warning: THE STORY IS MUCH DARKER THAN IT LOOKS!