bit of time and we will be doing it with as little involvement as possible with the rest of the wizarding world. Before we can do anything, we need to set up a base where we can gather any information and supplies we need as well as recover our strength when we have time. It will initially be up to you to help us with this since we have no idea about the necessary steps that have to be taken to maintain a household." Harry paused while Lupin digested the information so far presented. "Grimmauld Place would seem to be as good a choice as any but we are not sure about the status of the Fidelius Charm now that Dumbledore is gone. We also need to see about my resources. I know I have some gold in Gringotts but we need to find out how much is there exactly. There is also the business of maintaining the house itself and supplying our needs. We don't know how much any of this will cost and we will rely on you for that sort of stuff." Lupin replied, "My house is not up to the level of Grimmauld Place but I do have some idea on what expenses you will encounter. It would seem that Dobby is now your elf and, as your property, will be allowed access to your vault for any funds he might need for food and household items." "Dobby is not my property!" Harry exclaimed. "I just hired him." Harry had no intentions of letting that topic go since it was clear that Hermione would not even allow the impression of him being a slave owner pass uncontested. "That might present a problem," mused Lupin. "I don't recall that coming up before." He paused. "We will have to ask the goblins about that when we check on your account." "Fair enough," said Harry. He decided to move on to another related subject. "What do you know about the Fidelius Charm?" he asked. "Has it lapsed now that Dumbledore has died?" "No," Lupin said confidently. "The death of the secret keeper does not end the charm. It is a good thing, too. Otherwise, all you would have to do is kill all the likely secret keepers and the secret would be exposed." Harry looked concerned. "Then how are we to allow anyone new into the house?" he asked. "Will it be forever limited to the Order of the Phoenix and the few of us who know about it?" "There are ways to take care of that," Lupin said. "You can cast the charm again with a new secret keeper and they would take over. This has the effect of causing the death of the former secret keeper but that isn't a problem." He paused while thinking about the options. "That would not limit any of the previous secret sharers but would allow more to be added. That might not be the best option since Snape would still know where to find you." Harry didn't think that having Dumbledore's killer know where he lived would be a good idea either and said so. Lupin agreed and continued. "I would suggest changing the address of the house. That is a simple matter that can also be handled at Gringotts since they are in charge of land titles. With a new address, the old secret would be obsolete." Harry thought this over and came to the obvious decision. "Professor Lupin," he began, "why don't you and I go to Gringotts and take care of some of this now. The train won't get to Kings Cross for about five more hours and everything seems to centre on that." "What about us?" asked Ron. He had remained mostly silent during the discussion and felt more than a little left out. Harry looked at him and then at Hermione and then back to Ron. "This is not a very interesting trip. Mostly bookkeeping type stuff. Also," he said with a smirk, "I would think that after wasting nearly eight months, you two would like a little 'alone time.'" Both Ron and Hermione cast their eyes at each other and quickly looked away, blushing furiously. "That might be nice," muttered Hermione, very sheepishly. "Yeah," agreed Ron. Harry stood up, followed by Lupin. "Should we Apparate or have Dobby take us, Professor?" asked Harry. "It's Remus, Harry and I think it is too far to Apparate so it will be a job for Dobby, I guess," replied Remus. "I didn't know that distance mattered," said Harry. "Dumbledore and I Apparated to the ... uh, place we went which was near the south of England and we didn't have any trouble." "Well, that's Dumbledore," replied Lupin. "He had enough power to Apparate anywhere he wanted. Most witches and wizards can only make it about 100 miles or so. That is why they use Portkeys, brooms or even the Hogwarts Express if they don't have places to stop along the way." Harry was confused. Dumbledore had Apparated them down but he had Apparated them back. Not wishing to waste any more time on this at the moment but logging it away for future discussion, he let it go for now. He then said "Dobby" in a clear voice. Immediately, Dobby appeared before him. "What is it that Master Harry Potter wishes?" asked the elf in an exuberant manner that reminded Harry of a dog begging for a treat. "It's just Harry, please, and I want you to take Professor, er, I mean, Remus and me to Gringotts. Can you do that?" he asked. "Of course, Harry Potter, sir," replied Dobby. With that he took them both by the hand and with a nod of his head they found themselves outside of Gringotts. Author's note for any potential reviewers: If you want to ask a question or get a reply, you MUST be registered with this web site or I can't reply. Other than that, enjoy the story. Dad