when Harry himself had repeated the very words in front of him around two years ago. " Dumbledore has been driven away by a mere memory of me…." He wondered if the adult, and much more powerful Tom Riddle deviated from that attitude, but kept it to himself. "Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort returned," said Sirius. "So what's the Order been doing?" said Harry, looking around at them all. "Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort can't carry out his plans," said Sirius. "How do you know what his plans are?" Harry asked quickly, remembering the dreams he had gotten the previous year. "Dumbledore's got a shrewd idea," said Lupin, "and Dumbledore's shrewd ideas normally turn out to be accurate." Harry cast a calculative glance at Dumbledore, who seemed to be taking everything happening around him in a stride. Realising that the man himself preferred not to answer, and was perfectly happy with the question-answer session going on, he quickly looked back at Lupin. "So what does Professor Dumbledore reckon he's planning?" He asked, casting a sideward glance at the old man who looked at him momentarily. "Well, firstly, he wants to build up his army again," said Sirius. "In the old days he had huge numbers at his command; witches and wizards he'd bullied or bewitched into following him, his faithful Death Eaters, a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants; well, they'll be just one group he's after. He's certainly not going to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death Eaters." "So you're trying to stop him getting more followers?" "We're doing our best," said Lupin. "How?" "Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible that You-Know-Who really has returned, to put them on their guard," said Bill. "It's proving tricky, though." "Why?" "Because of the Ministry's attitude," said Tonks. "You saw Cornelius Fudge after You-Know-Who came back, Harry. Well, he hasn't shifted his position at all. He's absolutely refusing to believe it's happened." How idiotic can someone be? "You see the problem," said Lupin. "While the Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from Voldemort, it's hard to convince people he's back, especially as they really don't want to believe it in the first place. What's more, the Ministry's leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what they're calling Dumbledore's rumour-mongering, so most of the wizarding community are completely unaware anything's happened, and that makes them easy targets for the Death Eaters if they're using the Imperius Curse." " Bow before Death, Harry" " I won't." " I said—BOW!" "But you're telling people, aren't you?" said Harry, looking around at Mr. Weasley, Sirius, Bill, Lupin, and Vance. "You're letting people know he's back?" They all smiled humourlessly. "Well, as everyone thinks I'm a mad mass murderer and the Ministry's put a ten-thousand-galleon price on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street and start handing out leaflets, can I?" said Sirius restlessly. "And I'm not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community," said Lupin. "It's an occupational hazard of being a werewolf." "Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the Ministry if they started shooting their mouths off," said Sirius, "and it's very important for us to have spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet Voldemort will have them." "We've managed to convince a couple of people, though," said Mr. Weasley. "Tonks here, for one — she's too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage — Kingsley Shacklebolt's been a real asset too. He's in charge of the hunt for Sirius, so he's been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in Tibet." And I thought you were wreaking havoc through Voldemort's plans… "Ahem," Dumbledore coughed, returning Harry's attention to him. "As I mentioned previously, Harry is going to be an integral part of this war. Hence, my decision is to have him adequately trained so that he is not caught unaware in the present situation." Every single eye stared at Dumbledore, ignoring the sudden screech of disbelief from Mrs. Weasley. "Alastor," Dumbledore urged, and Mad-Eye-Moody, whom Harry had not yet spotted for some strange, inexplicable reason, sudden came to Harry's sight. "Harry, for your remaining stay at this place, you are going to be studying and advancing your defence studies under Alastor's supervision. I hope you will take advantage of this situation and learn the utmost." Harry looked perpetually shocked. Albus Dumbledore, was really giving him something to learn, and the permission to practice magic during the summer? He briefly wondered what made the old man do this. The sudden feeling of irrepressible anger he felt at the man raised his ugly head for a moment. "Advancing my defence… studies?" "I believe you might have studied some advanced defence the previous year for the Triwizard, my boy?" Harry almost flushed. All he had done was learn the summoning charm, and cry over his fate about how his best friend had deserted him. "yes- yes, sir." "Very well. Alastor here will be teaching you advanced defensive spell casting, so that you would be able to defend yourself and others when the time comes. Since Alastor can come only two days a week, I advise you to take his instruction thoroughly." "Yes… sir." "Very well," Dumbledore replied, noticing at how the boy had finished dinner. He spared a single glance at Harry's scar. Looking at him through his half-moon glasses, he stared at Harry curiously. "My boy, is there anything… you wish to tell me?" Harry wondered about the voice he had heard, about the blue lightning, about the dementor attack, and about the oddly wise and sarcastic voice in his head…. "No, sir." "Very well. You may go."