at Hogwarts with the teachers. Unbeknownst to Dumbledore, Alice would be living amongst the timeline of Harry Potter from the sidelines; whilst the happenings of the Harry Potter timeline was going on, Alice will be there—in Hogsmeade—watching on. Alice wished she could tell Dumbledore, tell what was to happen (Voldemort's return, his death, the Horcruxes, Sirius Black's innocence and death, the impending war. . .), but Dumbledore and Alice had agreed from early on that they would never discuss the future. After all, Alice did not belong in this world, and neither she nor Dumbledore knew what the ramifications of changing the future would cause. "Alice, my dear," Dumbledore's kind voice said from the doorway of her room. He stood, dressed in magenta robes, his infamous half-mooned glasses and the usual twinkle in his eyes. "I'm afraid I must press you for time." Alice nodded, turning back to her trunk, shoving the rest of her belongings in and snapping the trunk shut. She pocketed her wand, and heaved the trunk to the ground. She took one last glance around the room, where in the past month this had become her home of sorts. She was glad Tom had let her stay for so long, with such little money to spare. For the past month, Alice offered her services to help cover the cost of the room; she would spend most nights in the pub, serving drinks and cleaning tables. It was long, hard hours, but it was something . . . something to keep her by and keep her mind off restless thoughts. With the help of Dumbledore, they walked down the long rickety corridor, her suitcase floating in front of them and down into the pub. There, Alice bid her farewell to Tom and Flora—whom had become friends of sorts—before exiting the Leaky Cauldron. She had no idea when she would next be at this place again, perhaps never. Outside of the Leaky Cauldron, she took Dumbledore's arm and the two Disapparated with a soft crack into the London air. Alice snapped her eyes shut, her breath being forced out of her lungs as she felt as if she was being pulled through a tight tube. When the sensation lifted, and the air returned to her lungs, she re-opened her eyes and found herself looking at the outskirts of Hogsmeade. "Apologies, I perhaps should have warned you." Dumbledore said, tightening his hold on Alice, as she stumbled slightly. There was a slight twinkle of amusement in his eye, but Alice paid no attention to him—nor to the slight light-headness she felt from the Apparation. The village was beautiful; a winding cobbled path, that lead up a soft hill lined with a cluster of stone cottages. It looked just how she imagined it. Up the cobbled street, she could just make out The Three Broomsticks, Honeydukes, Zonko's and more. She spotted a few wizards already ambling up and down the street, into the shops and into The Three Broomsticks. And then, over the hill, Alice could see the vague outline of none other than Hogwarts; she could spot the misty outline of the towers and spiked roofs. A strange pang hit her stomach; for so long Alice had always dreamt of being here, in this world, and now she was actually here . . . well, the feelings were overwhelming. Even from the distance they were at from the castle, it was undeniably beautiful against the early morning backdrop. It was barely dawn the moment Dumbledore and Alice left the Leaky Cauldron, which meant students had yet to arrive at the castle. Dumbledore didn't seem to spot her tears she tried to conceal, but if he did, he didn't mention anything as he led her with a gentle hand on her back to a small lavender-stone cottage just past the Hog's Head. The cottage was small, from the outside and the inside. The box-like sitting room held no more than a log-fire, an armchair, a bookshelf and a small two-seater coach. As for the kitchen, it didn't seem enough to fit anymore than two people in at a time. Upstairs, there was no more than a small master bedroom, a bathroom and a box study/spare room. Outside, there was a small garden which didn't look like it had been tended to in many years. Despite herself, Alice foresaw herself transforming the garden into something of a beauty. As a child, Alice always used to help her mother tend to their garden. As for the cottage itself—she saw possibilities; the empty, untouched attic, which could be turned into a loft compartment. Of course all these changes very much depended on how long she would be here. The cottage itself wasn't much, but it was enough for one person. There was, however, a small surprise as she walked into the kitchen. There sitting on one of the kitchen table was a beautiful barn owl. "As a witch, it's only necessary you have an owl." Dumbledore informed, as Alice carefully eyed the owl perched on her kitchen table, pecking at feathers underneath his wing. Alice opened her mouth, the overwhelming feelings inside of her suddenly becoming too much. "Albus . . . I have . . . I have no idea how I can possibly pay you back for all this. It's all too much—the cottage, the owl, the books, the wand , the tutoring sessions." Alice wiped away a stray tear that threatened to roll down her cheeks. "I don't deserve the kindness that you have given me." Dumbledore gave her a soft, sympathetic smile. "Perhaps not now," Dumbledore hummed. "But I have a feeling you will deserve it for the future to come, with whatever you do to change this world for the better." Alice swallowed the thick lump in her throat. "And what if I can't change anything?" "Miss Bennett," Dumbledore gave her an almost scornful look. "Your entire existence here has already changed something in this world—has it not?"