years, hiding and fighting he had started to trust his instincts way more than anything as he had learned that they could reveal presence of other people or magical beings. And over the years he had grown rather accustomed to one particular feel which he was getting right now. Voldemort. Voldemort was here, in the Potter castle and Harry didn't know why. Did he know he would be apparating here? But Voldemort wasn't as powerful as he was before. In a one on one fight Harry was sure he would win over the snake-head. With his guard up and his elder wand in his hand he walked inside the dirt filled dark halls carefully. He never knew which hallways lead to where but what he did now that this castle was as big as Hogwarts. His family came from a long line of powerful magicals, all with money and political prowess. He was enough inside the castle and his senses told him that Voldemort was nearby somewhere. Knowing there was no one else alive to be on the snake-head's side Harry started walking towards where he felt Voldemort's magic was more concentrated. He found himself from what it looked like a drawing room of the castle. It was huge and surprisingly clean but maybe it needed to be for Voldemort stood in the middle of the large empty room, above a rune which appeared to be drawn from his blood. He had his back towards Harry and there was a slight murmuring sound escaping him. It appeared as if he was casting some spell. A smile crept upon Harry's face as he fired a strong bombarda towards his enemy. A loud explosive sound echoed throughout the marbled room making Harry's ears go numb but when the smoke cleared out he saw a spherical shimmer around Voldemort and the rune upon which he was standing. The man had guarded himself. As if he had heard him, Voldemort turned around and smiled as he looked at Harry with his red, sadistic eyes. Harry, though, had already started to work through the wards until he get to know what type it was. It was a blood ward, one of the nastiest wards to be broken. Though Harry could break it with ease, it would still take him couple hours to do so and from the looks of it all it appeared time was one thing he was short of. "Too late now, Potter," Voldemort said. "What are you up to, Tom?" Harry asked, sneering. Voldemort frowned. He still didn't like this name, the name which proved his half-blood ancestry. But it would all be over soon and the thought of the result automatically made him smile. "I am about to win, Potter?" he said. "What? Is this one of your power rituals?" Harry taunted through a sneering smile. He knew it got on Tom's nerves whenever he did that. "I have made some discovery," Tom said. "About what? How to grow back your hair? Cause even magic can't do that," Harry said. "About dimensional travelling," Voldemort said. Harry stopped there. He knew what it was. He had read it in one of the books he had found in the vaults of Gringotts. If whatever Voldemort was telling was the truth then it would mean a lot more problem Harry hadn't bargained for. He knew there were infinite dimensions of the same world and even if he found out a way to go after Tom it won't result in him arriving in the same world where Tom was. He could arrive in some other world where there could be another dark lord, or no dark lord, or no nothing. No. he could not let it happen. Not after what everything had happened, after everyone's death. "But you know about the rules, don't you?" Harry asked, knowing he needed to stall the mad man. "That two people of the same life can't exist side by side in the same world," Voldemort said. "That is why I have made some altercations." "What altercations," Harry asked. "I will only be going in as a conscience, to my other self in the other dimension," Tom said. "I have some brilliant ideas I need to see how it all works out…in a world where you won't be." "Well, I'll just have to follow you then," Harry said casually though he knew it wasn't going to be that easy. Voldemort only smiled lightly. "Oh, little Harry. Where I am going, you don't exist there." "Guess I will once I follow you there," Harry said, though he was taken aback a little but didn't let it show on his face or voice. "Well then," Voldemort said. "Shall we both go together?" "And you want me to just blindly trust you and step in?" Harry said. "Oh, please, Harry. You and I both know that a ritual like this throws us all in the same world if we travel together or one by one," Voldemort said. "Fair enough," Harry said, knowing that Tom was telling the truth. Though dangerous, these rituals were secured. And so it was that he saw the ward around Voldemort vanish and hesitatingly took one step forward, his elder wand still in his hand. His hesitation vanished when Voldemort didn't move to attack him. Harry could see from his posture that Voldemort was completely open and Harry could swiftly take down the man in one spell. But then again he could feel a personal ward surrounding Voldemort inside the rune for he knew that these types of runes didn't allow any other spells to work as long as a caster or the target stays inside them. As the wards closed off once Harry had stepped on the rune Voldemort took his hand in his own. Harry, though, felt a little awkward but said nothing as he felt a swooshing effect on his face and then his vision went blur before he felt nauseated and lost his consciousness. 00000