knows you have inside information when it comes to me." Pansy raised her own eyebrow at Draco, and that was all the time it took for him to realize that he'd basically just admitted to everyone in the room that he was in love with Harry Potter. Horrified, he turned back around. "Whatever," he said again. "I'm out of here." He forced himself to walk out the door with dignity rather than run, but suspected that he still appeared to be fleeing regardless. It couldn't be helped, he thought. He wasn't about to stay in that room one more second amidst all the giggling and whispering and pitying speculation about his feelings for Potter, all while Potter himself stood there speechless. Draco hurried down the hall, not headed in any particular direction, just trying to put as much distance between himself and the common room as possible. He didn't want to think about what was happening in there right now, but his mind insisted on torturing him with thoughts of the rest of the eighth-years, Potter included, sitting around and laughing about Draco and his pathetic crush on the Boy Wonder. Laughing or pitying — Draco didn't know which was worse. He almost thought he heard a voice calling his name, but hurried on through the dimly lit hallways and around a corner. "Draco!" Dammit, someone was following him. Almost in a panic, Draco opened a door at random and quietly slipped through, ending up in an unused classroom. He heard footsteps run by and let himself collapse against a wall in relief. Letting out a shaky breath, he tried to calm himself, wondering who could possibly be following him. With his luck, it was probably Potter, wanting him to know just how flattering it was that Draco liked him, but that it had just been a game, and the kiss had meant nothing. Draco sank slowly to the ground and buried his head in his arms. Why couldn't Potter just leave him alone? Hadn't Draco already made enough of a fool of himself back in the common room? There was nothing more anyone could say. The door creaked open, and Draco jerked his head up in surprise to see Potter squinting at him in the darkness. How the hell did Potter always manage to find him? "Draco," Potter said rather breathlessly, and Draco wondered exactly how long they'd been on a first-name basis. "Why did you run away like that? Didn't you hear me calling you?" "I heard you," Draco said shortly, leaving the rest for Potter to figure out himself. Potter shook his head, his confusion evident. "I don't understand." Draco was in no mood to be accomodating. "I want to be left alone. What's so hard to understand about that?" Refusing to take the hint, Potter crouched down on the floor next to Draco. "What's the matter? I thought everything was going all right for once, and when we were kissing—" Even in the dark, Draco could see Potter blushing. "What happened? I mean, it seemed like you felt the same — and then you said — what did you mean by 'inside information?' It almost sounded like you meant—" "Well, I didn't mean anything!" Draco jumped to his feet. "We are not friends, Potter, so why the hell do you care? I don't want your friendship or your pity or anything else, so why don't you just go back to the dorm and laugh with everyone else?" "Laugh at what?" Merlin, was Potter being thick on purpose? They were both standing now, Potter peering at Draco in fascination as if he'd never seen him before. Gods, why didn't he just go away and leave Draco alone? "Draco?" Potter said, sounding concerned. And now he had taken Draco's hand and was standing there, patting his hand with that ridiculous expression on his face. It was more than Draco could take. " What, Potter? Would you just go away? Stop staring at me like that, for Merlin's sake! Do you even realize how infuriating you are?" A small smirk tugged at the corner of Potter's mouth. "I think I have an idea." Draco was about ready to scream. "Then what do you want? Why don't you just—" He didn't get the chance to finish his rant, because Potter chose that moment to plant his lips on Draco's once again. And once again, Draco let himself get lost in the moment, their kisses soft and sweet and irresistible. He ran a hand through the tangles of Potter's hair, melting into Potter's embrace. Then Potter drew back and looked at him consideringly. "Has anyone ever told you," he said finally, "how utterly confusing you can be?" Draco frowned at him, suspicion creeping back to the front of his mind. "What are you babbling about, Potter?" Potter's arms were already around Draco's waist, and he pulled Draco slightly closer, as if to prevent him from running away again. "What you said to Pansy earlier," he said. "You like me — and she knows you like me. That's what you meant, isn't it? And somehow you thought nobody had picked up on the fact that we're attracted to each other when we spent five minutes snogging the life out of each other in front of them." It all sounded so ridiculous when Potter explained it like that. "So then," Potter went on, his eyes gleaming, "when you as good as admitted you have a crush on me, you thought you were giving away some great secret that nobody could possibly have guessed up until that point. Does that sound about right so far?" Draco leaned back and eyed him with amusement. Potter was watching him, patiently waiting for a response. "Potter," he said finally, "has anyone ever told you that you talk too damn much?" And he reveled in the surprised look on Potter's face as he leaned in and kissed him once more. ~ fin ~ Thanks for reading and/or reviewing!