off area was also password-protected: "The world is my canvas, and everything is possible to me who wills only what is true." The inside of the area was lined with carbonado from floor-to-ceiling. It was his own ritual room, and having one was a ten-year Azkaban offense. The house itself though comfortable was nondescript. It was every bit the Balinese-inspired villa he wanted it to be. At 500 square metres, the open floor plan had a 360-degree view of the sea. He only had two options to access the island: calling his house elves to him so they could bring him to the island, or taking his yacht docked at a marina in Scotland. Here he was sitting on his desk in his hideout dug beneath his house in Heimholm and looking at the ceramic oil lamp that got him into trouble. Will it yield the clue he hoped to see? Despite losing all the bruising, and even after sleeping all day, his body was still suffering from the battery of bullets he endured. At least he managed to get out of Istanbul without the Turkish government getting any wiser that he was the thief they were looking for. He sat on his desk which was currently littered with the volumes of Tipitaka written in Pali that mentioned the cintamani stone, the Yoga Vasistha written in Sanskrit with the story of the cintamani stone, a copy of a 14th century Goryeo painting of Ksitigarbha holding the cintamani stone, Nicolas Roerich's journal of his asian expedition from 1925 to 1929, maps of Nepal and Tibet, Marco Polo's complete journals, and a small black leather notebook he kept his notes in using a fountain pen and inkwell set. When Harry first began the hunt for the cintamani stone, he had scant information to go on with. All the sources he had were the same sources every other treasure hunter, explorer, and scavenger had. If he was still the same Harry Potter that went after the philosopher's stone at 11, or even the Harry Potter who hunted down Voldemort's horcruxes at 17, he would have just decided to go straight to Tibet, start climbing the Himalayas, and wish his luck would hold out and find the cintamani stone. But he had since learned his lesson well, never go anywhere half-cocked, or deaths that would bear heavily on his conscience would follow. Now, he was looking at the oil lamp that would give him the first clue in finding the cintamani stone. At first, he was trying to determine if he could get the map that may or may not be inside without breaking the lamp. But that was useless, the lamp was as tight as they come, and despite his misgivings about destroying a priceless artefact, he reminded himself of his ultimate goal, and so he smashed the lamp against his oak desk. Getting even more excited because of the old folded parchment that was among the fragments of the lamp, he unfolded it to finally see what had been written on it. But then his heart fell when all it yielded was a blank one. Damn it! What a waste of time! Although disheartened, this minor setback didn't discourage him. He knew he might be missing something, so he reread the pages of Marco Polo's journals where the lamp was mentioned and then sat there quietly staring at the old blank parchment while he ruminated. He waved his wand and did several revealing spells but the map stayed blank. It also confirmed to him that the old parchment wasn't magical in nature, so he was at least certain that it wasn't like the Marauders' Map that needed a password to reveal its contents. So he sat there quietly, waiting for some inspiration. "In the light of the great Khan," he mumbled to himself. He said it again much louder. "Skully!" Harry called. "Yes Master Harry?" Skully asked. "Get me a stone or a metal basin. Something I can use to burn something," Harry said. Skully popped out and went back carrying a fire pit bowl made of stone. "That looks perfect. Set it down," Harry said. Harry examined one of the larger fragments of the lamp and saw that the inside was coated in resin. He scooped all the fragments and put it in the fire pit bowl. Taking his wand on his desk as well as the old parchment, he cast a fire-making spell on the lamp fragments, and just as he suspected, it began to burn in a bright blue flame. He looked at the old parchment and sure enough, it had a rudimentary map as well as several lines written in modern Persian, which he easily translated. "A great flood tided us into the wilds of Siam, our ships wrecked, our cargo either sunk into the sea or scattered across the jungle. The ocean itself was saying we cannot lay claim to the cargo we carried from Shambala, so it sought to take it from us. The curse of the cintamani held true," Harry said. "Merlin! Marco Polo found Shambala. No records even existed that proved Shambala was more than a mere myth. And he looted it. If I can retrace Marco Polo's steps… This is huge," Harry said. The illustration that went along with the written words showed landmasses with the easily distinguishable Philippine archipelago on the upper right and Borneo at the bottom. An X marked the spot where the tides had crashed Marco Polo's ships in a part of Thailand. Above the written words on the bottom left corner was a drawing of a mountain. "Skully, pack my wizarding tent with enough supplies for six months. We're going to Thailand," Harry said. "And what of the curse of the Cintamani Master?" Skully asked. "With my knowledge of curse breaking, I think I can manage. But I'll be bringing a lot of references with us. I don't want to get cocky again," Harry said. To Be Continued.