Robert whined, getting both his sister's and step mother's attention. "Well, off to bed then! Busy day tomorrow. Take care, poppet. I'll see you next summer." Her father said very much rushed to kiss the top of her head and rushed up the stairs. Hermione narrowed her eyes at him. He couldn't get out of there fast enough. The door to her father's study shut hastily and Robert cleared his throat to demand the Granger women's attention, "maybe I ought to take you, Mione?" Robert grinned menacingly. Her mother's eyes were wide and she took another sip of her drink. "Robert, either your father will, or I will," she spat. Hermione's heart quickened in her chest. Her mother could not, or more accurately would not defend her for much longer, and it was very probable at worst she would just provoke him. "I'll talk to dad about it in the morning," Robert threatened, reminding Hermione quite a bit of Malfoy. Mrs. Granger avoided his gaze and sheepishly sipped from her glass. "Hermione, come with me, there's something I want to give you. I'll see you in the morning, Robert," she said. Surprising her daughter as she grabbed her arm and successfully shewed her brother up to his room and pulled Hermione into hers. "Well, you're welcome," snapped her mother bitterness dripping through her tone as she closed and locked her door behind them. Hermione's expression soured, had her mother expected a 'thank you'? "I got this for you, love," she said, changing her demeanor before her daughter could retaliate and grabbed an orange bottle that rattled as she pulled it off of the shelf and gave it to her daughter. "I had a friend at the chemist of our practice fill these for you. I can get more when you need them, I can owl them to your school. Just one more night here. One more night and I promise we will take you to the Weasley's. Take one and try to sleep." She demanded. Hermione examined the bottle, it was a month's worth of xanax. Hermione sighed, she supposed her mother meant well. "Thanks, mum," she said softly, "I'm going to bed now." She turned to leave her mother to her drink and own supply of benzos. ooo She went to brush her teeth before bed. Perhaps she could make it through tonight without any- the shower curtain violently ripped away before she could finish her thought. Robert leapt from the tub and jumped her. Hermione's forehead hit the corner of the sink hard enough to split the skin, and her stomach hit the tile of the bathroom as Robert forced himself on top of her. Hermione screamed loudly but no one came, no one ever came. Hermione could vaguely make out her parent's arguing voices from down stairs. "DAD PLEASE! HE COULD KILL ME PLEASE!" Hermione screamed. " Are you seriously leaving ?" Hermione heard her mother shout followed by a door slam. Hermione cried harder and Robert laughed. They both knew their dad and Hermione's mum would ignore screams as they ignored bruises. They both knew she was completely powerless. Until she could use her magic outside of school there were not a lot of options in front of Hermione, even then, she didn't even have a wand. He ripped off her shirt and through three bras, "Cute," he growled, "really cute. You're going to regret that. You know better!" Hermione could feel her lip quiver. Her head was bleeding slightly and her ears rung. Her body was like silly putty being tossed, and manipulated by Robert. She tried to grab his hands away in protest, but he was so much stronger than she was. "Shhh, be a good girl, baby. You're always gonna be my good girl, right?" Robert was panting a bit at the effort it took to restrain and force Hermione, but he persevered. Hermione avoided looking at his face, or body, or her reflection in the spotless shine of the bathroom fixtures, or tiles, or mirrors for that matter. She willed herself to be somewhere else. His taunts, touching and probing blurred together and soon his voice sounded like it was coming from under water. His demands were incomprehensibly jarbled and she felt like silly putty and couldn't quite grasp the way her body felt anymore. Like clouds that contained her sensation of sight and touch were drifting above her body, and the reflections in the pristine porcelain looked like a television show rather than herself. She imagined herself on adventures with Harry and Ron, in her favorite chair in the Gryffindor common room, watching her friends play a quidditch match at the Burrow, with Ginny at the three broomsticks. She was anywhere else but here. She can't feel, see, or hear anything in her immediate surrounding. She barely felt as if she was present and could physically touch things, but at the same time she was not there. It was like a dream. The wet blood on her forehead contrasted against her day dreams. A hot rush against her back and weight lifted off on her made way for reality and the fog began to dissipate. She was almost lucid again by the time Robert violently forced her to kiss him and pulled himself off. He helped his sister up, shushing her and rubbing her back as she cried. He ripped off some toilet paper and started to doctor the wound on her forehead. "You should really be more careful, love, what are you going to tell your little magic friends?" Robert said speaking as if nothing had just happened. He looked upon her, almost as if he was admiring a lovely picture he had just painted. Hermione stayed silent. Robert looked annoyed, "no matter, we'll come up with something when I drop you off tomorrow. He said winking at her. Hermione collected her discarded clothing and bottle of xanax from the sink counter. She popped two, and went off to bed.