would. For as long as you need. But this is..–" Bella chose that moment to Crucio him again, so his words dissolved into loud keening and the mudblood's dry sobs. "Harry," the girl called, trying to control her breathing. She didn't seem to be able to say anything else and Voldemort hissed impatiently. Potter's friends tearful goodbyes were taking too long and Voldemort's head was hurting, splitting in half with every prolonged minute of screaming. "Make a choice, Harry." He lifted his wand and pointed it at the mudblood. "Time is up." The rest happened too quickly. Potter's hand shot up to grab his wand arm and it was steady . No trace of the shuddering mess the boy was a mere moment ago. There were several surprised gasps, amplified by the room's acoustics, but before anyone could react, Potter twisted in Voldemort's hold, grabbed a side of his face to bring them closer and, with fury flashing in his eyes, crushed their mouths together. Bella's outraged cry skittered through the Dark Lord's mind before everything went quiet. Potter's lips were angry and hungry, meshing against Voldemort with disarming passion. The boy's tongue swept along the seam of Voldemort's mouth, leaving the skin there hot and cold at once and the Dark Lord gasped. Same hot and wet tongue pressed Potter's advantage, pushing inside, before Voldemort's head finally cleared and he grabbed Potter by the hair, wrenching his head away. "My Lord?" Bella cried, flabbergasted but Voldemort ignored her. There was no pain . That was the first thought that surfaced after he pushed Potter away. For the first time in what seemed like months now, Voldemort's head was cool and clear, no dark tendrils or bright flashes stewing behind his eyelids. There was a sense of something missing, an acute not-quite ache, not-quite grief making him tighten his grip on Potter. There was also an unexpected weakness to his limbs, so it wasn't hard for the boy to pry his fingers away. "Seventeen years. Seventeen years left behind, discarded and hunted by you," Potter's lips were moving but his voice came out all wrong. It was echoing too loudly, almost as if two voices were coming out of the boy's mouth at once. "Never healing, never able to properly connect. Never a chance to return. Always in agony, so much agony." Is it possible? Something seemed to click together in Voldemort's head, even as he recoiled from Potter. He had seen Potter's memories of his own diary and knew that horcruxes could and would possess others. All it took was an unsuspecting victim developing an emotional attachment to the horcrux' host. But could a horcrux try to possess him ? I thought it was your act of kindness. And suddenly Voldemort saw it – himself with a tattered blanket in his hands, covering Potter's shivering form. Descending into the dungeons in the early mornings to heal the wounds he inflicted on the boy the night before. Stay with me. Be with me. "I think he's finally getting it, Harry." The shadow growing out of Potter's back didn't look like a shadow anymore. Tall, all-too-familiar figure seemed to condense out of the darkness behind the boy, one arm sneaking around Potter's waist, the other buried in his hair. The shades were clearing by the moment, revealing sharp cheekbones, immaculate dark hair and a pair of eyes – neither grey, nor yet scarlet at that age, but bloodshot and menacing. "I told you that physical contact would do wonders, didn't I?" Colour was bleeding out from Voldemort's vision. All the faces were turning bleaker by the second – Bella and Greyback who were staring aghast at the two versions of their Master, clearly too confused to act, the children on the floor who looked at Potter. Potter himself became almost grey except for his eyes that shone a bright poisonous green. "Close the doors," Potter commanded, relaxing into the horcrux' possessive embrace and tilting his head back. Voldemort's hand moved without his control, sealing all the entrances to the room. No. Concentrating through his draining vision, he pointed his wand at Potter. The horcrux wasn't fully materialised yet, he was still tied to its vessel. If he could just... Before he could say the incantation, Potter snapped his fingers and the Deathstick flew into his hands. "You see," the boy said and his voice was strangely kind , "you got it all wrong with the ownership of the Elder Wand. It's not enough to simply kill the last person who held it, you need to win it from its previous owner." "And you were so gracious as to give Harry an option to admit defeat," the horcrux chimed snidely, one of its hands combing through Potter's locks. He, too, was draining of colour; even the bloody eyes looked grey now. "As for me, well, – Harry and I have come to an understanding." I'll never settle for something that mediocre again. Potter said that day. Who said I'm waiting for the Order of Phoenix? Their fight was lost the moment you took over the Ministry. Perhaps even before that. "Tom," Harry spoke softly, his eyes trained on Voldemort, "let's just end this." "As you wish," the horcrux replied, disentangling from Potter. No. Voldemort reeled away from them and stumbled, falling in a heap. Control… It was slipping away from him and the room was spinning, just seconds away from the fall. There had to be something, anything ..– Tom Riddle appeared in his ever-narrowing line of vision, kneeling at his side. Somewhere in the lost space behind him Harry's eyes still shone Killing Curse green. "Just let go," one of them said. A cold, not-yet-corporeal hand touched his chest. The world turned still, and dark, and silent. The End Author's note: Oh dear. As is typical, I've completely lost all inspiration by the time I've reached the end and I don't even know anymore. Please, let me know what you think!