can have the damned ministry for all I care, and Moldy can go play with himself." Sirius and Remus smiled. "Good. That's what we thought you would say." "I have some idea at what kind of game Dumbledork is playing, and I don't like it. He expects me to kowtow to him and hang on every word he speaks and follow him blindly. Now that I know what the Prophecy says, it ain't gonna happen. I get the feeling he's gonna play me right up to the last second and give me half assed training and then throw me at Voldemort. At some point when both of us are weakened, he'll step in and finish us off. He'll hold me up as being some kind of brave hero and tell the world that Moldy managed to kill me and he killed Moldy. He'll use my supposed sacrifice as a way to take over the Wizarding World completely and rule. Fudge is wearing blinders. He's so weak and wishy washy. He's gonna try and shoot down anyone who tries to upset his apple cart by yelling liar at them when they try to tell everyone Moldy's back. He's bought off everyone he can. What he doesn't know is that Umbridge is measuring him for his funeral suit. You should have seen the look on her face while Fudge was acting oh so grandly when he gave me the thousand galleons. If he gets his claws into me, he would trot me out and make it look like I was doing something great for him. If not him, then the next Minister of Magic. Count on that. Moldy's only mission in life is to kill me and get off on it. Man's so delusional it isn't funny," Harry stated. Remus nodded. "I think you've got all of that summed up very well." "I agree. Calling a meet here once Hogwarts lets out for the summer?" Sirius asked. "Yes. I'm sure the crew will have quite a bit to report then. We need to lay some plans for the summer and work our asses off in the training room," Harry said. "Good, because we restructured our little club on paper and need to present it to all of you then," Remus said. "There's something else we need to discuss, too." Harry raised his head and looked at them. "What's that?" Both men looked at each other for a moment and then back at Harry. Harry had the sudden feeling that he wasn't going to like what he was about to hear. "Out with it," he demanded. Sirius sighed. "Okay. It's like this. We love this place and being here, but we think you should have another place to operate from. Not my idea, Ragnock was the one who proposed it. It is a piece of property in the middle of England, perfect for getting anywhere in moments. It has the absolute best security arrangements goblin produced on the place, including some I suggested. It's a two story, nice colors that makes the place blend in with the other houses, and before you ask, no, it's not the Dursley house. Wrong neighborhood. You need to go and see it for yourself." "If anyone were to find this place like Dumbledork, the ministry, or Moldy, it's gone. Completely compromised. I don't want that to happen to you. I love this place, it feels right to me. It feels like home to me. I've never known a home other than Hogwarts and this is it," Remus said. "That's why we jumped at Ragnock's offer of a more secure base. You really have to see it." Harry sighed. "Okay. I'll keep an open mind about this idea. Right now, I'm gonna go upstairs and get dressed to go workout." "Good, because the goblins upgraded your training room," Sirius said. Harry turned to look at them on his way out of the kitchen. "Oh, I can't wait to see what your deranged little mind cooked up now." Both men laughed as Harry departed the kitchen. Harry sighed as he wiped his face off with the small hand towel as both men huddled in the corner. He had to admit the first of many new scenarios was pretty good. DE's in the Japanese Embassy. Harry had to wonder where they had gotten the blueprints to the place because it was damn near close to the place, including the play room that Miyoshi played in. The cafeteria had been perfect for a food fight, something Harry had truly enjoyed. But the rest of the scenario had been something to think about as Harry hadn't realized that they could be trouble in there if for some reason the family had been compromised. Harry decided to bring that up at the family meeting. "Harry, you did well with this one," Sirius started the briefing. "You have been keeping up with your training over the year at Hogwarts despite all of the problems you were dealing with." "Miyamoto made arrangements for me to train in another room because my band knew about the R&R," Harry explained. "I'm still convinced that Hogwarts is sentient and is aware of everything." That had been an ongoing argument between the three of them for the longest time. "I'm not going to argue that point right now," Sirius continued. "I'm glad that Miyamoto was able to find you new training quarters. I hate to quote Mad Eye, but constant vigilance. That and constant working on your skills plus using the war gaming skills has done you a lot of good and you need to keep at it." Harry knew they were right. Especially now that Voldemort was back. He was going to need to work his skills a lot harder than he ever did before. "Playtime's over, guys. From here on one it gets real," Harry stated. The three of them knew that things were about to get worse. Beyond worse. Next Episode: The quiet before the storm.