she carried them around with her everywhere - but she clearly had not.' He pondered this a bit, though it wasn't as important as his next question. ' Will she be able to help me? Is she strong enough to do what I need her to do when the time is right?" He needed someone he could trust without question, someone loyal to him and only him. His gaze was heavy and Hermione felt almost crushed by the weight. Her cheeks burned, wondering if she had answered something wrong or did something that would make him react to her negatively. She told herself to control her breathing, panicking would not do her any good here. She flinched as he moved his hands inside his robes, his movements were crisp and effortless. After a bit of digging he produced her wand. "I believe this belongs to you." It wasn't until he pulled the wand from his robes and held it infront of him did he really see what it was made out of. ' Vine Wood, like hers." He turned his gaze again to the young woman in front of him, analyzing her face for the third time that day. Hermione took the wand gently from his hands and brought it close to her. Something was going on in his mind, she could see that. The way he was looking at her, the expression on his often unreadable face. She decided to look out the window and pretend like nothing was happening, with the hopes that he would ignore whatever it was that had made him speechless. She knew she was a decrepit sorry excuse for a witch, knew that most people would stare at her, but none were Severus Snape. None held the power and influence that he did, none were her sworn enemy. The landscape had slowly changed from the grey destruction of what had been Muggle London, to the green and almost untouched countryside that had been secured by the Dark Lord. It was a small perimeter that had expanded around the city, though some would call it beautiful Hermione knew better. This was where the camps were, where they kept dissidents and Muggles alike. These camps were what her carriage companion was responsible for, he was responsible for the death and suffering of many. She was in such a weird place - she should be thankful to him for saving her from torture and death, yet she felt nothing. It didn't erase how he stood there motionless and expressionless as the lives of her friends were snuffed out. It didn't change how he had hunted down those loyal to the order and had them killed. She hoped that if he was taking her to one of his 'camps' that her death was swift. If there was one thing she would beg for it would have been that. Escaping London to go to the north had been her last recourse, her last chance to flee the Dark Lord and fight against him. However now, now she could only wish that he was marching her right to the firing squad. It was then that they entered a huge gate that went through the lawn of a rather large and beautiful castle. ' This isn't a camp.' she thought to herself. She had heard stories, and none of them were like this. Beautiful trees lined the small road as they made their way to the front entrance. Hermione couldn't help but close her eyes and let the smells and sounds of peace roll over her. The air was slightly damp and the fog was still thick, it felt like freedom, though she knew it could not be. The closer they came to the castle the more she could see what was waiting there for them. Several people in servant's uniforms waited outside, smiling to see the carriage returning. She found it odd that people would be smiling for his return, unsure as to what it meant. There were a few butlers, some maids and a rather plump woman standing out of the line they had formed, beaming with a grin almost as huge has her rounded belly. The carriage came to a halt and Severus opened the door almost immediately. She could hear the slight squishing noise his shoe made when it hit the damp earth. "Oh Master Snape, it's so lovely to have you back at home." The rotund woman beamed as she hugged Snape, and to Hermione's surprise, he hugged her back. Like two old friends who had not seen one another in many years, it was odd - Snape with feelings. "It's been such a long time Sir, I…." It was then that the jolly witch noticed Hermione move inside the carriage. "...and what is this?" She moved past Severus toward the carriage. "Oh why you poor little thing!" The old matrion scooped Hermione out of the carriage and supported her weight as she got out, still gripping Severus' cloak tightly about her. "You look like you've been chewed up and spit out by a troll." She remarked with a jolly laugh, her eyes caring and motherly. "Maddie, please look after the girl and have her cleaned, clothed, fed and brought to me when you are done." Severus wasn't in the business of bringing home strays and was glad to see his head of the house taking the girl under her wing. ' She needs to be comfortable and safe here, then we can see.' As Maddie fussed over Hermione and walked her toward the castle, she couldn't help but look back at Severus Snape, Master of the House, her savior and her destroyer. He was watching them intently, holding them in his dark black eyes. He was drilling a hole through her and she didn't know why. She turned her head back toward the castle and wondered what her fate would be, but knew she had to resign herself, that this was now her only recourse.