thought. "I will be the first of house Potter to ever achieve the title." He shrugged, "Plus I seem to have a new beautiful friend to follow into the house of snakes. She lowered her chin into her palm, a soft blush and small smile on her face. "A man after my own heart, we will get along just fine." she winked softly. Another knock on the door drew both of their attention. Daphne stood to open the door but was stopped by Harry's raised hand. At her questioning gaze he smirked lightly and sent her his own wink. With a wave of his hand the door slid open without a sound, much to the amazement of the now wide eyed girl. In stepped a boy dressed in the plain black robes of an unsorted Hogwarts student. His platinum blonde hair was slicked back fashionably and his grey eyes peered at the curiously. "Daphne," He nodded to the girl, who returned the look with her own nod and a light smile. He turned his look to Harry and extended his hand with a smile, the same darkness as Daphne's eyes had shown flashed behind his grey orbs. "Draco Malfoy, do you mind if I sit with you?" Harry shook the boy's hand, "Of course." He stowed his bag in the overhead compartment before seating himself across from the two. The three settled into their compartment and quietly talked amongst themselves. As he had suspected, Daphne and Draco had known one another for quite some time before today. Purebloods held may balls and soirees and with little else to do, the children tended to spend plenty of time with one another. As it turns out, neither had expected Harry to be as dark as he was. When a bushy haired girl had come in asking about a toad he had sent her away with quite a few scathing remarks, much to the amusement of his new friends. "Any idea what you want to do after Hogwarts, Harry?" Draco asked through a mouthful of a cauldron-cake, Daphne turned to the raven haired boy with her own curious gaze. Harry shrugged then smirked, a playful light sparkling in his golden eyes, "Conquer the world." There was a moment of silence before the three shared a small laugh, though neither Draco nor Daphne could shake the slight feeling they had that he was completely serious. "What about you two?" When they both shrugged Harry's impish smirk returned to his face, his perfect white teeth shining through, "My dutiful minions then..." The three shared another bout of jovial laughter. It was not much later, when Harry was in the middle of splitting a liquorice wand with Daphne and the three were carrying out simple conversations that the door to the compartment made a slight noise. After a moment it slid open loudly, clanging and vibrating the glass in the door nearly to the point of break as it came to a halt, a loud thud following it. A redheaded boy charged in, his old truck dragging behind him loudly. He scanned the room, his nose scrunching up at the sight of Daphne and Draco. His eyes turned to Harry, taking on a jealous gleam. "I'm Ron Weasley," He said, throwing his hand out for Harry to shake. "We'll be great friends in Gryffindor, Harry! Now come on, let's get away from these filthy snakes." He reached out, grasping Harry's hand in an attempt to drag him along. Both Draco and Daphne turned their eyes to their new friend, watching with veiled eyes, hiding their true emotions as Harry's eyes grew darker and the room flooded with unimaginable power, ice began to from on the windows and they could see their breath. "Let go of me..." Harry's words were quieter, darker and more hateful. It was as if the hatred of a thousands people were swirling behind his words and readying for an attack. Ron's eyes became wide, "Harry, mate, what're you talking about? Let's go." In the blink of an eye the raven haired boy stood, slamming his palm into the center of the red head's chest. What was normally a simple attack was amplified by the power Harry possessed, sending the new arrival flying. Without missing a beat Harry raised his hands in the direction of the downed Weasley, white hot arcs of pure electricity reached out and struck Ron, causing the boy to convulse in pain and loose screams of agony. When the elemental attack had stopped Ron lay in the floor. Harry looked down on the chard and smoldering threadbare clothes of the red-head, his brow raised slightly, "What a banal entrance..." Without another word Harry moved back into his seat, closing the door with nothing more than a sharp look. He sat beside his two companions with a slight smirk. "I'd say Gryffindor will be wary of us snakes now, no?" He leaned back on his arms, crossed behind his head, with a light smirk on his face. Daphne and Draco shared an amazed look, then a soft nod as their faces became determined. Harry Potter had gained himself two close allies and loyal followers this day, the first of many to come. These two silently agreed that they would follow their new friend and leader, perhaps even unto the flaming pits of hell should they have to. Hogwarts beware, there was a new power rising, one that would shroud the world in its infinite power and only those who followed the last heir of the Potter household would reap the rewards that were to come. Let me know what you think, fill free to point out any mistakes. (I would prefer you send them to me over PM rather than as a review as I would prefer your review to be your thoughts on the chapter, though a review would work as well) I personally loved writing this chapter and hope you enjoyed reading it. More to come as always.