back to number four, Privet Drive was very silent. Uncle Vernon's face was stormy as he drove. Aunt Petunia was sobbing into her hands. Dudley looked confused rather than outright upset. Ingrid was too timid to ask anyone what had happened. They entered the house and all slowly sat down in the living room, as if just having suffered a great blow or an enormous shock. Ingrid, of course, knew nothing of what had happened, but picked up the mood of the room anyway. It was always that way. This was why she tried so hard to be the peacekeeper. Finally, though, she couldn't hold her curiosity in any longer. "What…?" she asked softly, shoulders hunched and looking up underneath her ratty chin length bob of hair and her scruffy dark bangs. This was all she could manage, afraid of a terrible reaction. Aunt Petunia looked up, and underneath her tears there was a deep well of frigid anger that Ingrid hadn't noticed before. "Dudley has been diagnosed," she said, lifting her chin almost defiantly. "He has Impulse Control Disorder, specifically Intermittent Explosive Disorder, with comorbid Oppositional Defiant Disorder. He had a tantrum in the doctor's office and that was what sealed the deal. He… the doctor… he saw… close up." Ingrid didn't know what any of those things were, but they sounded bad. Her confusion must have shown in her face because Aunt Petunia looked irritated with her. That, at least, was normal. Aunt Petunia visibly forced herself to continue: "It means Dudley will always be very angry with a horrible temper and easy buttons to press and tantrums, like a toddler child, even as an adult. And he can't help it. And… and the psychiatrist said he hasn't reached certain milestones… that he has significant intellectual impairment for his age and trouble concentrating…" Her voice trembled, her lip and chin shook, and she began to sob into her hands again. Ingrid looked down, feeling terrible, and sat in sad silence. She folded her hands in her lap. It sounded almost like Dudley had some sort of problem with his brain. Now she felt bad for all the times she'd hated him so much. She imagined him still behaving like this as an adult, and she shivered. It was a horrible thought. He looked so normal now - his confused face, chubby pink weight, and smooth head of blond hair, his mother-bought wool sweater, looked so endearing on a child. She tried to imagine him for the first time as a grown-up. This was a new thought for her. What if Dudley was just… always like this? What if he was just always angry and adored punching people? What if he never read books or got any smarter at all? "Well I think it's bullshit!" Uncle Vernon had stormed to his feet, exploding at last, thick dark mustache rustling as he positively spat in massive-ruddy-faced fury. Ingrid's gleaming emerald colored eyes, her only nice feature, widened in surprise, both at the action and the word. "That damn man doesn't know a thing about my son! My son is fine! He's fine!" "Yeah! I'm fine!" Dudley chirped up in his high voice, as usual parroting his father in more macho moments. Aunt Petunia just sobbed harder. Perhaps she could see, now, what Ingrid did. Ingrid watched the whole scene worriedly, in a strange way an outsider. "Petunia, that's enough!" Uncle Vernon barked. Aunt Petunia shot to her feet in fury and hissed like a cat or a cornered snake. "A doctor just told me my son is mentally disabled!" she shrieked. There was a heavy silence as they stared at one another. "What's that mean? Mentally disabled?" Dudley asked insistently. Ingrid had been wondering the same thing, but knew better than to ask. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia wouldn't hit Dudley, but they might have smacked her upside the head. Uncle Vernon finally seemed to sag in defeat. Suddenly, Ingrid had never seen her uncle so tired. "It means," he said, "that things are going to have to change around here." He turned to look at Dudley and Ingrid. "Dudley is to stay living with us," he mandated. "None of that hospital shit. We will take care of him here, he will be… special education home tutored," he forced out the term, "in here, while Ingrid goes to year two at school. He will… take his meds." Another forced term. "And he will live with us. "We all must be very understanding and caring of Dudley." Uncle Vernon's small dark eyes narrowed at Ingrid. "Including you. You'll be taking care of him as well." Ingrid felt a kind of dread. She looked around slowly at Dudley… who was smirking smugly back at her. She saw it suddenly, now. This was just an excuse to spoil Dudley even more. And no matter how terrified she was of his blows, his threats, his demands, and his shouts, she would now have to personally wait on him hand and foot. She felt terrible for him… but she just knew he would milk this for all it was worth, knew he would treat them all terribly and demand everything and claim it was because he was sick. And that was the rest of his life, and they both knew Ingrid would just have to live with that. Her aunt and uncle would demand nothing less. Dudley also wouldn't have to do any complex schoolwork, something he'd been rebelliously dreading. The years stretched out before her and she weighed the cost. Was it worth it, she thought, troubled, taking care of Dudley personally at home if she didn't have to deal with him when primary school started? Ingrid would think back on this moment a lot, even years later. Only two children would have assumed that in the long term - the longest they, at least, could possibly imagine - Dudley Dursley had just won. Her aunt and uncle must have better known the score.