well, some from pure exhaustion and others from the pain as well. Draco couldn't comprehend this brutality that slaves faced. He had grown up with slaves around him and had never questioned it, but this was something entirely different from anything he had ever expected. This... this made him want to die. "All right, now that we have taken care of that nasty piece of business, shall we begin?" And then women descended upon them. The clothes were admittedly not awful but neither were they comfortable. Draco felt exposed, though that was the point he gathered. They were all dressed in almost transparent pants that were looses around their legs. They gave the illusion of being naked from the ankles up. It was both an unpleasant and oddly pleasant feeling. The men with long hair were washed and had their hair tied back in various intricate designs. All were given golden shackles to wear around their wrists and ankles and golden collars that came halfway up their necks. They were dressed to show the prince all of themselves and leave almost nothing to the imagination. "I believe that the prince will find you all very pleasing. Do not disappoint, you were all very expensive and I would hate to have to… dispose of you." The toady woman left, leaving the slaves alone in the room, the sound of a bolt being driven across the door gave them a feeling of almost complete loss. Severus was the first to move, hesitantly standing. Draco's father stood as well, making his way over to his old friend and his son, basking in seeing their faces again after so long. "He has made the Malfoy name proud." Was all that was said in regards to him, but it caused his father to cry, in loss and relief. There was a chance they would get through this situation, if they could remain together. Harry could feel cold sweat break out as he began to walk towards the throne his father had sat upon. It had seemed so big to him when Albus brought him to sit on it as a child, but now it was just another chair, elevated to stand above the others. In a few moments he would be a king in a kingdom he had rarely seen, governing over a people who had never seen him. This had the potential to be a disaster. Not to mention the… gift… that the council insisted on. He knelt before Albus, just like he had practiced. In his head he recited the outline of the ceremony, 'kneel, say your vows, stand, sit on the damn throne, say a few inspirational words, look regal as everyone bows and claps then declare open dance floor.' The basic outline. "Do you, Harry James Potter, agree to uphold the laws and customs of this land, in the name of the people and all those who came before you?" Albus voice boomed over the hall. "I do." The standard reply was warranted, Harry encouraged himself as he knelt before the man who would be kneeling at his in barely a moment. "Do you swear to govern with a firm, yet steady and fair hand? Taking no bias or prejudice?" What a joke. There would always be slavery and always be prejudice against those who life had given a foul deal. "I do." "And do you swear to be an ambassador for peace, a keeper of truth, an upholder of justice and a righteous warrior in the name of your ancestors and your subjects?" That one was easy, the one he had little fault with. "I do." The crown was placed on his heavily on his head. The weight of his new responsibilities. "Then rise King Harry, protector of the realm, vanquisher of evil and the Boy-Who-Lived!" There was thunderous applause as he too the throne. He felt a peace come over him and an assurance that he could possibly be the king they needed. He felt the resolve of a thousand past monarchs' vows and their determination to do right by their people. If this was what being a king entailed, those who sought to take it had no idea of what they were after. "A gift my lord. As is tradition." Albus announced, and a line of slaves was led through the doors to kneel submissively at his feet. The jingling of their shackles as they moved clear in the silent hall. "Do they please you my lord?" A standard question, one Remus had told him his father had been asked on his coronation day. "Yes. I thank you my lords and ladies, this is a truly extravagant gift." There were muttered thank you's and twittering laughter. "I have an announcement. My first act as King." The crowd grew silent again, everyone waiting to see what this King would do. "It is customary, that if a slave has served his masters well and has been dutiful in his actions, his master may reward him with freedom. I wish to grant this boon to a very particular man tonight, someone who means a great deal to me. To him, the man who practically raised me and has been as attentive to me as if I were his master, I grant his freedom of the life of slavery, a full pardon to any actions that caused to him be enslaved or may have committed in another's name. Remus Lupin, step forward and acknowledge your king as a free man." In the silence he could hear the disbelief of the man who was like a father to him. Remus stepped forwards shakily. "I thank you young… My King." And Remus bowed at his waist before looking the boy he loved like a child in the eye for the first time since he had grown into adulthood. A/N: And there you go. Very different but kind of similar to the original. I hope you enjoyed this, there is more coming your way soon.