mother yelled after her. "How could you have done something so deliberately cruel? How could you use your gifts to do harm?" Harley whirled around to face her mother. " Really ? You are going to play the disappointed mother card now? I never told you about the bullying because I did not want to be known as the girl who ran to Mummy all of the time. I have been tormented by those girls my whole life! I fight back once , and I am a pariah. It is not fair! Do you know what I could have done to them by now? She's lucky it was only a few scales. I could have done much worse." The drive home was tensely silent, as it was every time Harley brought up her abilities around her parents, until Mrs. Torrance said, "Well, you did get perfect marks on your tests. I don't know if any other private school will take you with this on your record, but your test scores will have to count for something." As they drove up to their house, Harley blinked a few times to be sure what she was seeing was real. Was that really a ten-foot-tall, hairy man waiting for them? "What on Earth?" Mrs. Torrance said, slamming on the brakes. The big man moved, and there was a normal sized man behind him, but he did not look very normal. His white hair and beard nearly reached the ground, and he was clad in purple robes that looked more like they came out of The Lord Of The Rings than any shop in England. "Excuse me, but just who are you and what are you doing here?" Mrs. Torrance demanded. The old man reached his hand out to shake. "Forgive me for my abrupt appearance at your home. My name is Albus Dumbledore. I am the headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. This here is Rubeus Hagrid, the gamekeeper and a trusted friend." "Lovely. Now why are you here ?" Harley asked. "For you, dear," Dumbledore said simply. "But perhaps we should go inside first? Don't want the neighbours getting curious, do we?" Mrs. Torrance and Harley exchanged looks before Harley said, "What school are you from again and why are you here for me?" "Because yer a witch, dear," the man called Hagrid said. "Yes, and for some reason you have escaped our notice for years. Now, shall we go inside, please?" Dumbledore suggested again. "It would seem the safest course of action." Mrs. Torrance nodded, unlocking their front door. She looked shell-shocked. Is that man going to fit? Harley wondered absently as they all walked into the house. "Now," Dumbledore began after the door was shut behind them, "when every witch and wizard in the UK turns eleven, they are all sent notices from Hogwarts that they are to begin their schooling. You are fourteen, which means you have evaded our notice for three years. Someone, most likely your birth parents, put a Concealment Charm on you to hide you from the Wizarding World for some reason." How did he know she was an adopted witch? What was this school he was talking about? "Now, we received notice that there was an underage witch performing powerful magic at a Muggle school here, so we came straightaway to see what was happening. Performing magic in the Muggle world underage is prohibited. Letting Muggles see you performing magic is forbidden for all of us." "Muggle?" "Non-magic people." Dumbledore and Hagrid both took turns explaining what Hogwarts and the Wizarding World was, and after an hour had passed, Harley was ecstatic. An all-magic world and school? A place where she wouldn't be a freak of nature anymore? It sounded too good to be true. Dumbledore handed her a letter written on parchment, stating her acceptance into Hogwarts. "Welcome, Miss Torrance." "Hold on-what makes you think that I am going to let my child go away to a-a magical boarding school?" Mrs. Torrance asked shrilly. "Mother," Harley said, "if I stay in this place, what do you think could happen to me? You saw what occurred today. It will only get worse as I get older." "Mrs. Torrance, Hogwarts is an ancient institution. And also, you cannot revoke a witch or wizard's acceptance unless you are either myself or from the Ministry of Magic. It is her birthright, and you can't stop her from going," Dumbledore said. The tone he used was kind, but his eyes were hard behind his half-moon spectacles. Harley was studying her letter. There were a lot of things she needed to get, and she asked how she would obtain them. "Well, I 'ave two books yeh need with me," Hagrid said, handing her Hogwarts, A History and A History Of Modern Magic . "Teh rest I'll take yeh ter get a week before term starts. I'll show yeh how ter turn Muggle money inter Galleons ter use at Diagon Alley." Whatever that means. "Now, before we conclude this visit, may I see a short demonstration of what you can do?" Dumbledore asked. "To know what year you need to be put in for classes." Harley nodded, and explained to him about how she could make things levitate, come to her at will, make things move, and mix various potions. She showed him a few of her homemade brews from her basement workshop. Dumbledore made a few notes and then said, "Well, with the exception of flying, you seem to be right where you need to be, magic wise. I think our Potions Master will have to keep on his toes around you. I'll have the professors test you on the first day as well." He stood and shook her hand. "Welcome to Hogwarts, Miss Torrance. We're happy to have you." That evening, Harley could hear her parents arguing over her going to Hogwarts, but she didn't pay much mind. She was going, whether they liked it or not.