backpack. McGonagall retreated to the kitchen to speak with Kingsley while Mrs. Figg stayed to keep an eye on Harry. The witch waited patiently as her Auror companion cast a Patronus Charm and sent it off to the Ministry with a message. "We'll need to interrogate his Aunt and Uncle," Kingsley said after a few moments. "If they've been abusing him, we need to know the extent. His magic feels too unstable for my liking. It's not been suppressed enough to develop an Obscurus, but it's bad enough for me to assume he's undergone severe physical and possibly psychological abuse." McGonagall frowned deeply. "I knew it was a bad idea, leaving him with those muggles." "We'll discuss that with Dumbledore," Kingsley sighed. "What I want to know is who taught him to create a Basilisk egg." "No wizard could have done that," she replied. "The Bond of Blood Charm on that house would keep even Dumbledore out unless Harry actively gave him permission to enter. How he's done this doesn't matter right now, does it? The only thing we need to concern ourselves with for the time being is his wellbeing." "Agreed," murmured the Auror. When Harry woke up, he was lying in the softest mattress he'd ever felt in his life. His body felt sore, but the pain from his beatings had faded for the most part. He sat up and realized that his glasses were missing, so he couldn't see very well. Fortunately, he spotted them on a small table at the bedside. As he looked around, he noticed that the room he was staying in was mostly dark, but in a comfortable way. " You've woken, then?" He blinked, realizing that his backpack was also on the table and the amber-eyed snake was watching him. She slithered out of the small gap in pack and lifted her head to meet his hand, which he raised to let her come over. Harry smiled as her tongue flicked out, ghosting over his fingertips. "Yes. How are you?" " I'm hungry," she admitted. "So if you can ask them to find me something to eat, that would be greatly appreciated. How do you feel?" " I'm…" Harry trailed off, trying to assess himself and figure that out. "Tired, I guess. My body feels sore everywhere, but it doesn't hurt so bad now." " The wizards who treated you did many things that I do not know of," said the snake. "They healed your wounds on your back, amongst other things. But it seems they'll still scar over." " That's okay," Harry murmured. "As long as I don't ever have to go back to that place, I'm okay with that." She slid over his hand, coiling up his arm and shoulders until she was comfortably situated around his neck. Her scales were smooth and a little cool, which concerned him. "Are you cold?" " A little. I did not dare come out while the wizard healers were helping you. I just want some body warmth." " You can have as much as you want," he smiled, lifting a hand to gently stroke the scales beneath her chin. "Thank you for helping me escape that place." " You are both my parent and my master," she replied in a soft hiss. "I will always protect you, Harry." " Thank you." They were distracted by a startled gasp which caused Harry's eyes to snap up. A middle-aged woman with light brown hair was standing in the now-open door, staring at the boy and snake with large eyes. Before Harry could say a word, she was reaching for something at her hip- a stick? Whatever she was doing, she was stopped by the same african man- Kingsley, wasn't it?- that had met Harry at Mrs. Figg's home. He gently gripped her wrist and pulled her hand away from the stick. "It's alright, Andromeda," he reassured her. "The snake is no threat to Harry- quite the contrary, really." He looked up at Harry and smiled pleasantly. "How are you feeling, young man?" "Better, sir," he replied. "Um…but if it's not too much trouble, my friend needs something to eat." "I'll have Kreacher bring a few mice for him," Andromeda said quietly. The snake hissed at that and Harry smiled a little. "She's a girl." "Her, then," Andromeda corrected. "Do you need anything else?" Harry frowned. "Where am I? How long have I been here?" "This is Grimmauld Place," she answered. "You've only been here a day, but you've slept all that time." He looked down, not sure if he should be embarrassed by that or not. "I'm sorry." "It's quite alright, Harry," Kingsley told him, walking over to his bedside. "You needed the rest." His stomach suddenly growled and Harry felt heat rush into his cheeks. Kingsley smiled, amused. "I take it you're feeling hungry?" He nodded shyly. Andromeda let a smile of her own slip onto her face. "I'll have something made for you, Harry. Kingsley, can you take it from here? I still need to inform the others." "Yes. Thank you for your hospitality, Andromeda," Kingsley said, pulling up a chair to sit beside Harry. As the woman left, the dark-skinned man made himself comfortable- this was going to take a while. "Right- we have a lot to talk about Harry. First of all, I need to tell you something that you may or may not have realized about yourself already. You're like me, young man. You're a wizard…" Welcome to my newest story! While I'm suffering writer's block on my various other tales, I figured I'd take a crack at one of my favorite book series of all time. This is pretty much completely experimental and as such my updates will be far from predictable, but I think it'll go over well once I get my act together. Anyhow, this first chapter is going to be pretty short compared to later chapters, but I hope you've become interested enough to stick around!