in his lap. "How did you-?" Hermione looked shocked that he knew what to do and was so calm. "Teddy is only like a year or so older and I see him at least once or twice a month so I have practice." He answered as he bounced his knee slightly making the toddler giggle. Harry grinned seeing the toddlers reaction. At the end of the dinner, when the dances began, Hermione handed Xander off to Ginny for a few minutes so she could go on a walk and talk with Harry. She began once they got outside. "So, is it true?" "Yeah." "But you let me go. Because you knew Ron fancied me too." She finished. Nodding he continued. "I was thinking about leaving anyway, so I figured it would be best to do it before I left so I knew I'd be okay." "And you found love again." Shocked by her statement Harry halted. "What?" She stopped and turned to look at him. "Come on, a blind person could see the connection between you and Daphne." "You know that's disrespectful to blind people?" Nodding her head she commented. "Doesn't make it untrue." "I'm gonna leave Ron." "Wait why?" "I've been thinking about it for a while, but never really honestly considered it. But you showing up made me realize that what I had with Ron wasn't as real as it should've been." "What'd you mean? How did I effect that?" "Because knowing that you felt that way, even if it was five years ago. Knowing that you did, showed me that I don't have to settle. I think I projected my feelings for you onto Ron and tried to replace what I felt with you." At his raised eyebrow, she continued. "I fancied you five maybe six years ago but I thought it would never work out. Because you told Ron you didn't see me that way. So I settled." When she heard him chuckling she turned to him with a questioning look on her face. "When he asked me that, I lied. That was me stepping back. Wow if we both just said something, things might have turned out differently. But thinking about the last five years, I wouldn't change a thing. Because I like who I am, I like what I do, I like the life I have. I think we both know, we missed our chance." "We were over before we even began." He nodded agreeing with her statement. She just stood looking at the sky in a comfortable silence. "Harry?" "Yea?" "When I split things off with Ron, he and his family are going to fight for custody of Xander." "Right?" Turning to face him she asked. "What if I let them win?" At his shocked look she hastily continued "Don't get me wrong, I love Xander but I have things I want to do and I don't think he would be best suited with me. Yeah I still want to see him and spend time with him but I don't think fighting for full custody would be a good idea. What do you think?" "I think you should go with you gut and do what you think is best for him. And if you think it's with them then do it. Do whatever you think is right." "Thanks Harry." With that she walked back to the tent. He was joined about five minutes later by Daphne. "Whatcha thinking about?" "No idea." "While I've been doing some thinking and I was wondering what happens now?" "I would hate to go our separate ways again. I don't want to give that up this time, I've done it to many times. But I don't want to move away from New York. And I don't want to make you move either." "How about this, summer holidays plus September and October you spend here. And the rest of the time we spend in New York?" "So like we divide the time up?" "So each of us gets our home." Turning, Harry took her hand. "I like that." He showed how much he liked it was a long kiss. When they pulled away, she whispered out of breath. "You know, one day you'll make a great dad." Chuckling he nodded and replied "One day. One day a long time away." "Oh definitely." It was the day after the wedding and Harry had to go home and take care of a few things before coming back to England until November. But other than that, all was good for everyone. Hermione settled with partial custody, being able to have him every other weekend and on Wednesday's. She also was spotted with Draco Malfoy, apparently they were a thing since he changed after the war. Even Harry agreed that he had changed and was friends with him. Ron wouldn't talk to Harry unless absolutely needed. And wasn't a fan of Hermione much either anymore. Harry spent every June, July, August, September and October in England with Daphne. Then they would both go back to New York for the rest of the year and finish it off there. Even though he was back to being Harry Potter around his friends and in England, he was still the New York Private Investigator Ian Wilder during his time in New York. Which he definitely didn't mind, it was a nice break to just be normal. Harry left it all behind but in the end he had it all back again. But this time he was happy. Harry didn't know what the future had in store for him and his friends since the future was always changing but he knew that with his friends by his side nothing would stand in the way of his happiness. A/N: Hey everybody, first one-shot down. This was written in third person and it was actually easier to write in. I'm considering possibly changing it in Changing My Life to a third person, just an idea. Enjoy and Happy Reading!