her most hated clients one after another. There was Mr. Huffle who was an elderly man who loved to leer at way too young girls, her twenty-eight-year-old self included and wasn't afraid to get a bit touchy-feely as she attempted to help him relearn to walk with his broken leg. Then there was Mrs. Hallows who showed up with the excuse of her hip only to try to convince her to date her more than a decade older son, almost to the point of harassment. Sometimes she would even wait for her to finish work and continue it! A third customer had been Jonas, a moody teenager who had problems with his back, but refused to cooperate with her. His overbearing mother did not help the matters. Sufficient to say, she wasn't in the best mood when her new client walked in. She was hungry and tired and hadn't had time even to go through his file beyond what her receptionist had told that he was a cop who had gotten shot through his shoulder, when he had already walked in. To say she was shocked would be an understatement. She had stared at him in silence for a full minute - her mind falling back to the last time she had seen him - before hugging him and rambling how sorry she was for his parents- even though it had been more than a decade ago - and how sorry she was for what she had said when they had last met and how she had missed him. It had taken James starting to laugh for her to realise what she was doing and where they were. Needless to say she was mortified. She tried to apologise and explain how horrible her day was but he stopped her new rant by saying that she could make it up to him by buying him coffee after work. Lily was more than happy to take him up for it and as they say, the rest is history. "Bonjour Mrs. Potter." A familiar smooth voice said to her right. "It is lovely to finally meet the bird that has our Prongs caught around her littlefinger." He said and kissed Lily's hand although she was too busy gaping at him to register it. "Well, I think finally is the wrong word to use as this is definitely not the first time or even the second." He said with a familiar roguish grin. "Sirius Black!" She gasped unable to believe her eyes. Sirius Black was standing in front of her dressed in a black very fitting tuxedo. "Long time no see, love." Sirius winked at her. "What, how?" "Hello, Lily. And congratulations." Another familiar voice said with amusement from next to Sirius. "Remus?" She exclaimed. She had not seen him in years and had lost contact for a bit after he went to africa as a volunteer. Lily couldn't believe what she was seeing. Two of her exes at her wedding. What was happening? "Moony! Padfoot!" James' happy voice came from behind her and he circled his arms around her waist. "I see you have met my gorgeous wife." He said proudly pecking her forehead. This couldn't be happening, Lily thought as Sirius' lips formed into a mischievous grin that Lily knew wouldn't know anything good for her. "Met and shagged." He chortled winking at her. Lily felt like she wanted the ground to swallow her as Remus hit Sirius' arm smiling in amusement and slight embarrassment. "What?" James asked confused. "You remember that hot redhead I told you about. From France." Sirius grinned. James was silent for a moment before his face cleared and he looked at Lily in surprise. "You're kidding me?" "Nope." Sirius said grinning. "I can't believe it. You were the one girl that held Sirius interest for more than a week?" James asked her. "The one that reminded him so much of a female version of Remus that he deluded himself that he was over him?" Mutely Lily nodded not knowing what to say. She had reminded him of Remus? There was definitely a story there. She held her breath as James was lost in his thoughts for a moment before shuddering. "Okay I don't want to imagine that. My wife and my brother shagging." He shook his head and the paused looking at Sirius. "God, I can't believe you have shagged my wife." "Repeatedly." Sirius chimed in with a wink. "You have nothing to worry about in that department, Prongs." Lily felt her face burning. "Gah, shut up Padfoot!" James said shaking his head to get rid of the disturbing images. Remus coughed. "I guess now is a good time to say that Sirius is not the only one who's shagged Lily." He said sending an apologetic look to Lily while now both James and Sirius gaped at him. "Moony, you?" Sirius asked shocked. Remus shrugged. "We dated two years in the uni." "Two years!" James exclaimed. "How come we didn't know about this?" "It was during our fallout." Remus said and understanding dawned on the two. "Oh." A silence fell between them. "I can't believe you have dated both my best friends, love." James said to Lily. "And I can't believe two of my exes are your best friends and both of them show up at my wedding." Lily said. "Imagine our surprise when the chick we both once dated walks down the aisle to marry our best friend." Remus commented and Sirius nodded in agreement before a mischievous glint entered his eyes. "This is actually kind of hot." Sirius grinned. "We could have a foursome!" "No, Sirius!" Three voices shouted as one. "God, I need a drink." Lily groaned and stood up. "Me too." James echoed. "Me three." Remus shook his head and followed them leaving Sirius to stare after them with a pout. "Aww, come on. Why nooot?" A/N: Thanks for reading! Please write a review and tell me your thoughts on this. - Dalnim