seen me, and Luna… Do you know she's never once asked me if I'm fine? How I'm doing? She's sometimes asked if I'm better, after she's seen that I've improved, and once she asked if I was ready, but she'll sit next to me for hours letting me think, until I'm ready to talk." Harry took a deep breath. "I know as well as you do that she's different. I just happen to think that's more reason for me to be with her. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go sit with her at breakfast." With that, Harry stalked out of the common room, leaving a stunned silence behind him. Ginny and Hermione stared at each other for a moment, shocked at the furious defense of Luna. Hermione shrugged. "I don't think you have much of a chance right now, Ginny… maybe you never did." Ginny nodded sadly. "I have no idea when that happened, she never even hinted that she was interested in him, let alone that she already knew him... but how often does he stand up to either of us like that?" The Burrow, the night of July 31st, 1997 Harry sat outside the Burrow, on a rock near the Weasley's garden. He wasn't looking forward to leaving, but he knew he would have to, soon. Voldemort's horcruxes had to be destroyed, but he still wasn't sure where to start. He heard footsteps behind him, soft deliberate footsteps he knew could belong to only one person. "Do I want to know how you made it past the wards here?" Harry asked. "We all have our secrets." Luna said, sliding onto Harry's lap and wrapping her arms around him. "Do you know when we'll be leaving?" "Luna…" Harry knew she wanted to go with them, but he couldn't stand the idea of her getting hurt. "Harry, you can't protect me by keeping me away." Luna looked into his eyes. "Besides, what are you going to do?" "Luna, you know I have to keep it a secret." Harry said, hating that he had to hide anything from this girl. Luna shook her head, and when she finished her eyes looked unusually focused and sharp as she held his gaze. "Assume for a moment that I know how Voldemort survived, that I know all about the horcruxes. What are you, Ron, and Hermione going to do when you leave?" Harry's lips turned upward, just a bit. "Well, if I assume you already know everything, which more and more seems like a very good assumption, then we're going to go look for his…. " He trailed off as his choice of words sank in. Luna nodded. "Precisely. If you go with Hermione and Ron, you'll wind up looking, not seeing." She leaned forward, and kissed him softly. "You're much better than most people, but there's still one thing holding you back." "Oh? And what's that?" Harry asked, struggling to keep his mind on the conversation. "This." And Luna leaned forward again, this time kissing his scar. As she did so, an unpleasant tingle ran through his head, and he leaned back. "Luna?" Harry started, but Luna held one finger over his lips. "I told you long ago, that where most people look, I see. One of the things I saw when I first met you was a great evil, locked away in your scar. Most people would have given in a long time ago, but you hold it off, sealed it away without even realizing what it is you carry." "Is it…." Harry started. "It's nothing you need to worry about." Luna said, reaching up to kiss his scar again. The tingle was just a little bit weaker this time. "Pure evil, rage, destruction… these are all that he knows. The life you've lived… you could so easily have been just like him, and you're not." She traced her finger along the scar. "Love, and hate…. One must die at the hand of the other, for neither can live while the other survives." Harry stared at Luna. "How…. " Luna leaned forward and silenced him with another feather-soft kiss. "I never asked, because you didn't want to talk about it, but I've always known. I'm going with you, Harry Potter." Harry sat, stunned. For a long time, he couldn't even think, he just held onto Luna and tried to grasp everything she had told him. It was only when he noticed the sky starting to lighten that he focused on her face again. "What would I do without you?" Harry asked, smiling. Luna shrugged. "Probably something dreadfully boring. Are we ready to get up then? This is rather comfy, but there's quite a lot to do." Harry nodded, groaning as he stood and stretched his legs. "There is, but somehow that doesn't bother me as much anymore." He grabbed Luna and turned her to face him again. "I do love you, Luna. I think I always have, it just took me a while to see it." Luna smiled, then tipped her head as her eyes lost focus. "D'you think they'd let us get married today as well?" Harry laughed. "I don't think that would go over very well. We'll have to wait for another day." Luna turned, and smirked at Harry. "Was that a proposal?" Harry returned the smirk and shrugged. "Maybe, maybe not. You'll have to let me know when you figure it out." Luna tipped her head, put a finger on her chin, and made little humming noises for a few moments. "I think you're right. Our wedding will have to wait for another day." Harry smiled and pulled Luna in for another hug. "Any ideas when it should be?" "Oh, a few." She pulled back and her eyes were twinkling. "You'll see soon enough." "I think I can wait. Now let's go, we need to figure out what we'll do when we leave." Harry took her hand and they started to walk back to the burrow.