voice-one Scorpius had heard before. "I'll go," Rose Weasley said. "Sit down Albus. I'm going to go find a friend." They'd obviously let her leave, because Scorpius could hear the scratching sound of a trunk being dragged on the ground and the grunts that followed. The noises disappeared not long after that, and Scorpius was forced to look back at his sister, fast asleep and sprawled out across two seats. About five or so minutes later, however, a knock sounded from the other side of the door. "Hello?" said the girl. "Does this compartment have room for one more? All the others are full and I….I have nowhere else to go." Scorpius, giving his sister another glance, swore under his breath and got up. He unlocked the door and stood face-to-face with Rose Weasley once again. "If you're quiet, there's a seat for you," he told her. Frowning, she walked into the compartment, and realization seemed to dawn on her face, quickly followed by a look of confusion. "Why is your baby sister on the train to Hogwarts?" she asked as Scorpius helped her lug her trunk up on the luggage rack. "Have to make a tradeoff in Hogsmeade," he said, grunting under the weight of her trunk. "What's in this thing, a ton of bricks?" "Books, mostly," she admitted. "I like to read." He didn't know what to say to that. Books always bored him, yet he'd read every spell book he could. He'd had to. Aria caused more green fire than any witch or wizard Scorpius had ever heard of. "Spell books?" Scorpius asked, wondering if she might know more spells than he did. "Oh no." Rose shook her head in disgust. "I hate textbooks. I mean, I retain spells easy enough but I hate reading anything nonfiction." "Nonfiction?" "You know, real?" Rose asked, surprised. "Don't tell me you've never read fictional books before…" Scorpius just looked at her. The only books he'd ever read that focused more on imagination than fact was his mother's copy of The Tales of Beedle The Bard that he read to Aria every night, like his mother had done for him when he was little. "Where do you even get made up books?" He asked. "Muggle stores mostly," she said shrugging. "And there's still many in Flourish and Blotts but most kids only know about the textbooks there. That's what they come for." Scorpius was shocked. "I never knew that." "Well now you do," Rose said with a little laugh. "So...where do you think you'll be sorted?" Scorpius flushed. "I...I hadn't really-I mean, I don't…" She smiled. "It's okay to be nervous. Most of my family's been in Gryffindor, so that's a bit intimidating. But then, my mom was almost put in Ravenclaw, and my uncle was almost in Slytherin, and I can see where several of my family members could've gone into Hufflepuff. I sometimes wonder if the Sorting Hat can see into our future, and know what we'll become, or if it only sees us as we are now, you know?" Scorpius had no idea what to say to this. He did not want to tell another person today that he was terrified of being sorted into Slytherin. He wondered now how many people, like himself and Sirius Black, had felt this way. "You don't talk a lot, do you?" Rose asked. "Um, no," Scorpius said awkwardly. "That's okay," Rose said shrugging. "You don't have to talk much to make friends. That might be something to try, but I have too much of my parents in me not to talk all the time….as you can probably tell." Scorpius gave a small laugh. Okay, so she was a little annoying, but she was nice enough. He'd do best not to make enemies with the only person who'd taken any interest in him yet. It was his first day, anyway. He had no time for enemies. "Aria is a beautiful little girl," Rose said now. It appeared to Scorpius that she would not stop trying to start a conversation with him, and would keep changing the subject until she found something they had in common. "She looks like my mum," Scorpius found himself saying, a little sadly. She must have noticed, because she frowned slightly. "Your mum? Her name's Astoria, right? Both are really pretty names. Yours is cool too, and your Dad's." "Malfoys are...different," Scorpius said. He couldn't help but smile a little. His mum had always told him this, whenever he asked why people stared at them whenever they left their manor, or why his father was constantly appearing in the Daily Prophet, when he barely even left the house except to go to work. " The Malfoys are different, sweetie," she'd tell him softly. " Why?" He always asked. She never told him why, however. She just said things were what they were and we shouldn't question it. You can never change the past; it's the future that makes us who we are. All she would ever say was that they were different. Rose seemed to grin at him now. "Well, there's nothing wrong with that, is there?" Hey guys! Another HP fic for you. So far, my Auslly stories get more readers and reviewers, so I'm hoping to make more HP ones to get more readers, but I am still working on my Auslly stories. This was originally supposed to be a one-shot, then it turned into a short story, and then the kids' first year last four or five chapters and I decided to make it a multi-chap! Lol, I don't know how long it will be, but I hope to make it long enough and I really hope nobody's done anything like this before because I am in love with this odd idea that just came to me, and trust me it gets way more interesting. Thank you for reading! Hope you love this story! *I don't own anything you recognize! God bless you all! -Daddysgirl11