questions?" Harry sat there, blown away. "... No," he admitted in shock, whole scrolls of notes in front of him. "You covered it all pretty thoroughly and it all seemed pretty accurate. It's good life advice and I might… understand myself a little better." He shifted uncomfortably, but gave the admission anyway. "Do - do we have anything else to talk about?" He looked up, frowning thoughtfully. "Yes," said Flitwick crisply, in his element. "I was going to ask you a few questions about your romantic inclinations personally. I know you're young, but I'm trying to help you understand yourself better and that's a thorough education, right?" Harry's mind seemed to be swimming but he struggled to clear it, sitting forward with more intense and razor sharp focus than before. Having someone acknowledge him seemed to have unblocked something in his mind, and now even his magic was flowing stronger and smoother. Some guard seemed to have fallen and that magnetic, intense, quiet, intellectual person Flitwick had wanted to bring out was now in full view. Flitwick wondered privately what the effects of this would be. "Now, I'm not asking you about sex but about romance. That's an important difference. Sex is something that comes with time while romance is something that people imagine even from a very young age. You… do know what I mean, right, Harry?" Flitwick added, worried for a moment. "We got that speech in final year of primary," said Harry matter of factly. "It was extremely creepy and frightened many." "Give it time," said Flitwick, amused. "So let's start with some romantic questions. Pink hearts?" "Ew." Harry made a face of grave distaste. "Too fancy?" "Too nauseating. I'd prefer - I don't know, something more casual, I guess." Harry shifted uncomfortably. "A drink together, some event to go to, that kind of thing. Nothing shabby, of course, just not… uncomfortable." "What about clingy, flirtatious, forward, demanding?" "No." "No?" "Well - forward isn't a bad thing, I guess, but the rest of it sounds godawful," said Harry. "I don't know, I'm not… romantic. I don't like flowery poems and flashy jewelry." "So what would you like for a gift?" "I… guess I'd prefer giving something more personalized. Something they really wanted, breakfast in bed, that… kind of thing." He trailed off, embarrassed. "I meant for yourself." "Oh." Harry blinked. "Something practical. I know that sounds boring, but something… high quality that I could use, I guess." "Stop saying 'I guess.' It sounds doubtful." "Oh. Yes, sir." Harry sat up straighter, eyes widening. "So we have a pretty good sense of you already. You prefer cozier, high quality but more intimate dates. You enjoy high quality gifts, but you'd like them to be something useful. You're not very poetic in the flowery, long winded, rhyming sense or very into flashy displays of affection - you're probably not much of a ballroom dancer either - and you prefer giving quieter, more personalized gifts. You seem to show love through action more than words. You would need a relationship with a person who was more independent and matter of fact, someone who didn't want you for your status or see themselves as below or above you. "Would that be a fair assessment?" "Yes," said Harry, nodding. "What about mutual friends and doing things together? Would that be important?" "Yeah," said Harry. "I don't care about families, but our friends would have to get along I think. And us doing things together with other people without them getting -" "Insecure?" "Insecure! Would be vital. Also… I guess I'm emotional, but not in a really overt way, so I don't think I could be with someone who demanded lots of dramatic, open emotion?" "What about ideals?" "What?" Harry was caught off guard. "If it was a choice between loyalty or ideals, which would you want them to choose? Pick one." Harry thought about it. "Ideals," he said at last. "Every time. I would rather they be a good person than a good friend." He was getting more comfortable with talking about himself. "Sir?" said Harry, turning at last at the door before dinner. "That advice you've given me… thanks. I wrote it all down, what I prefer included, and I'm going to try and memorize it. Not let all that unconscious stuff dictate my life anymore." Professor Flitwick smiled. "I'm quite pleased to help, Harry. I'll see you here tomorrow, same time and same place. There is some wizarding world knowledge I'd like to teach you. "Oh, and Harry? Do keep in mind what I said about art and psychic intuition." Harry paused, a little frown line between his eyebrows as he thought. Then he nodded, and left the classroom obviously with a great deal on his mind. Flitwick wouldn't know it, but these private meetings would give Harry more to think about than all his first week classes and Hogwarts castle struggles combined. Flitwick, for his part, knew Harry seemed totally unaware of how much had already become unblocked and how much had already changed - here, when it was too early for people to have a definitive sense of Harry Potter yet. Magic was funny that way. Notes: I always wondered what Harry would have been like if he'd had a mentor from his actual first week at Hogwarts, when he was still impressionable. Flitwick seemed like a good choice. The Multi Rules will be set out in chapter two. These first two chapters will be very "talkey" but everything after that won't be. The point of the title will also be more explicit in chapter two. Romance and strength will be slow building. No characters will be bashed in the making of this story - I prefer a more measured, moderate approach. I will switch third person POV frequently in this story, though you got lots of Flitwick this time. These may not actually be Harry's exact astrological readings. I took liberties. Hey, it's fanfiction, so whatevs yo.