parents were killed, isn't it? Because they fought in the war?" Harry asked. "Sort of. It is part of the same complicated story I am about to tell you." "Oh," allowing Sirius to gesture him to a chair at the table, a different elf than Tiffy, but one even older and wearing a purple dress with the same P on it that Tiffy had worn, placed two cups of hot chocolate and a plate with biscuits, coated with a thin layer of jam before them. "Thank you, Misty," Sirius accepted the potions she handed to him, taking them without complaint so when Misty handed Harry two as well, he took them, too. "Siri and Master Harry eat up well," the old house-elf patted both of their cheeks with clear affection, lingering for a long moment on Sirius' before disappearing again. "How many house-elves are here?" Harry laughed as Sirius pulled a face after he took a particularly nasty looking potion. "There used to be about a dozen, but Tiffy told me only she, Misty and Pippy are left. They are all quite aged by now, though you still wouldn't want to get on their bad sides." "I've met a house-elf before, but he was nothing like this; he was all nervous and twitchy. Miserable seemed to be his default setting," Harry thought of Dobby and suddenly found himself wondering how the weird little elf was doing. "Well, it depends on their families, but you will find that quite a few of them are like that, usually those who belong to unhappy families," Sirius took a sip from his hot chocolate and some of the intensive pain in his eyes loosened as the hot liquid disappeared, surprising Harry even as the man himself didn't seem to notice any difference. "Many treat them like dirt, abusing them or neglecting their own personal needs just because a house-elf enjoys serving." "I noticed. Dobby's free now though; I kind of tricked his master into freeing him at the end of term," Harry admitted. "How did you meet him?" Sirius asked interested. "Because if he was miserable then it usually means his masters wouldn't want him to be visible." "Ah, it's kind of a long story but Dobby tried to save my life when he learned of danger at school last year. He just had a really rubbish way of going at it, but he has his heart in the right place." "Did he find another family?" "I'm actually not sure," Harry admitted, suddenly feeling horrible. "I just hope that he's happy." "If you want, we could ask one of the elves to seek him out to see if he is and if not, we could always ask him to come work for us." "You'd just take on a strange house-elf, just because I am worried for him?" Surprised Harry peered at his godfather, but the man didn't seem to find that strange at all. "You obviously care about him and you did say that he tried to save your life so that is good enough in my book. What do you say? Want to check on him?" Looking into his godfather's eyes, Harry found himself nodding before he'd even thought about it. "Hey Pippy?" The house-elf Harry hadn't met yet appeared at their side immediately; one clearly much younger than Tiffy and Misty were and wearing a sort of light blue toga embroidered with the same emblem Tiffy and Misty wore; large blue eyes shining in happiness as she launched herself at him in a hug before beaming up to him. "Siri called?" "It is nice to see you, too, Pippy. Would you mind checking in on another house-elf?" Sirius laughed at the enthusiastic greeting and the little elf immediately beamed even more. "Which elf, Siri?" "His name is Dobby and Harry is worried about his well-being." "He used to belong to the Malfoys but was freed a few weeks ago," Harry explained, hesitating on how to describe the weird elf without coming across as offensive. "He's about three feet tall and has big tennis ball-like green eyes...erm...why are you laughing at me?" "No reason, think you can find him with that description, Pip?" A spark of mischievousness appeared in Sirius' eyes, lifting some of the heaviness in the grey orbs and giving him a glimpse at the man he had once been. "Siri teasing Master Harry," Pippy shook her head fondly and turned to Harry. "No worries Master Harry, all the house-elves know each other. Pippy will have found Dobby in no time at all!" "Oh, eh...thank you, but why do you call me Master?" "Pippy belongs to the House of Potter; Master Harry is future Lord Potter when he comes of age." "I had no idea," Harry admitted. "Is that why you don't call Sirius master?" "Oh no. Siri is a Potter as well, but Siri made it very clear we are never to calls him master on pain of tickle attacks," bright blue eyes widened in conspiracy as she leaned closer to him to semi-whisper at him in a voice that Sirius would still have no trouble hearing. "Siri very mean and evil tickler." "I bet," Harry laughed at the little elf's obvious delight at that supposed punishment and Sirius tried to hide a grin by taking another sip from his drink. "But please just call me by my name as well; the master thing makes me uncomfortable." "Pippy shall tell Misty and Tiffy," the little elf promised. "Once you've found Dobby and found he is not happy or you feel for whatever reason that you should take him back with you, please do so. Just make sure he knows Harry's asking about him so he won't be scared," Sirius said. "Pippy will," without another word the small elf disappeared with a small pop and Sirius turned to him. "Now that that is handled, want me to tell you the full story I've promised you?" Taking a deep breath, Harry nodded.