that time?" He looked surprised. "Yes." He answered, looking surprised when the Death Eater stood and walked over, handing him a bottle of water and bun with some sliced cheese in it. "Good lad." He said. "I'm not unreasonable boy, tell me what I need to know and this doesn't have to be so unpleasant for you. I don't like torturing children." He said and moved his chair to sit in front of the cell, enjoying his apple. "Signed up for the wrong side then." Ron mumbled. "Both sides have done their share of evil, boy…don't delude yourself into thinking they haven't." He chuckled a little. "So, now for the harder questions. What have you and the Potter lad been up to all these months? Surely there was some plan other than scurrying around the woods like vermin." He asked. He didn't really think the boy would answer, he just needed some damned eye contact. He wasn't the most talented legilimens in the world, but he could do enough for this he was fairly certain. Ron narrowed his eyes. "Nothing, we've been hiding while the order prepares to take the rest of you scum out for good." He spit. "So, you and Potter…do you share that pretty mudblood? Or do you just watch while she does him?" He taunted him, enjoying the scream of rage as the boy rushed the bars. He hit them hard, but Thorfinn stood and his hand shot in, tangling a hand in his hair and pulling his head back to force him to meet his eyes as he cast. "Legilimens!" He rushed in, the boy's mind rough and chaotic. His taunts had succeeded in making him too angry to mount any manner of defence. He saw a sword in the boy's hand, the image of his little witch nude in the embrace of Harry Potter, taunting Ron…telling him he was nothing. He watched the boy lift the sword and destroy an antique locket…the dark vision dissolving as he did. A rush of other memories, fights between the three, the girl crying with blood on her hands as she tried to stop a gaping wound from bleeding out. He shifted through the swirl of memory, finding images of another item, a golden cup, stolen by his little pet from Bellatrix's vault. Clever little thing. He heard the plan to go to Hogwarts, saw the boys waiting for Hermione, saw their worry. Time ticked by and she didn't come, then hell exploded around them as Death Eaters appeared all through the forest, curses flying through the dark not caring what it struck or who. He ripped through the boy's mind taking all he knew about these objects, these Horcruxes, and all the knowledge about their Master himself. A fucking Halfblood. The great blood supremacist himself was the son of a filthy muggle. Knowing the boy had to die made him less careful as he rooted through, learning every dirty little secret the boy's mind held. He rooted out everything he could now about his little prize, his little witch. Saw her evolve from an awkward, bossy, know-it-all to the beauty he'd just captured. He saw this boy break her heart, then seek to win it back clumsily. He saw her ingenuity, her cleverness during their flight through the world as they evaded the Snatchers and Death Eaters. He saw her weeping over the body of House Elf that had saved her, and then battling through Gringotts. He finally released the boy and sneered. "What a fool you were, to never see what you had." He said and looked down at the twitching form of the boy with a kind of pity. He could end him now, cleanly, but he needed to buy a little time yet. He lifted his wand and pointed it at the boy's forehead. "Obliviate." He took the memory of his mental attack from the teen and turned away from the cell. He headed upstairs and looked at Greyback. "I need to verify some of the information he gave me. I'll return tonight. You can play with him a little, but don't kill him. Our Master will be most unhappy if you do." He gave the werewolf a hard look. "I'll make sure he lives." The werewolf chuckled and headed for the stairs as Thorfinn apparated away. He knew full well what Greyback would do to the boy, but there was little help for it. As soon as he'd been taken, the Weasley boy's fate was sealed. There was nothing he could do without exposing himself or his plans. So the Dark Lord was vulnerable, and a doe patronus…he was one of the few that would recognize it. Severus Snape was helping the Potter brat. An ally perhaps, if approached carefully. He entered the cottage and went back to the kitchen, and grabbed his drink. It was right where he'd left it. He threw it back, letting the burn in his throat distract him. Bloody fucking hell he hated being in someone else' head, no matter how useful it could be at times. It was a skill he kept carefully to himself. He stripped off his shirt, seeing a smear of blood on it and tossed it into the laundry room. He could grab a few hours of sleep before having to deal with his witch. He had a proposition for her, and given everything he now knew about her, he was fairly certain she'd accept. He finished undressing and threw himself down on his bed, wand close to hand…just in case. Sleep came quickly, used to catching a few hours whenever he could. Plans and plots ran through his mind, centering on the petite brunette currently sleeping across the hall. She was the keystone, the piece he had always been missing for this to work. Now he just needed her to co-operate, it's a good thing he could be very persuasive. In his sleep a smirk curled up the edge of his lips.