left the room, his mind reeling. He'd had to conclude the meeting with Morbek and Argrod because the time had come for his appointment for the reading of the mysterious will, but as he followed the goblin who was presently escorting him to the place where the will was to be read, all Harry could think about was what he had just learned. His whole world had just been thrown off-kilter, with one staggering revelation that had shocked him to the core. He'd been surprised to learn that he had inherited a fairly sizable fortune as the Potter Heir, including various holdings and properties he'd never known about. But, the real shock was finding out that he was also the Black Heir. Harry had been caught completely off guard when he was told the startling facts about his paternal grandparents. Apparently, his grandfather, Charlus Potter, had married Dorea Black, who was the aunt of Sirius' mother, Walburga. James Potter had been Walburga's first cousin! Harry could scarcely believe it. He'd had family in the wizarding world all along. And worse, no one had told him. Why? Why hadn't Sirius told him that he wasn't merely Harry's godfather, but in fact his actual family - his second cousin? Why had no one ever told him he was related to Sirius by blood, or that he was blood-related to an equal degree to Narcissa Malfoy, Bellatrix Lestrange and Andromeda Tonks? Why had no one told him he was also blood-related to Nymphadora Tonks and his godson Teddy? Why had it been kept secret? During the meeting with Argrod, Harry learned that he and Draco Malfoy had been equally entitled to claim the position as Heir to the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black when Sirius died, because at the time, they were the last two living male blood descendents of Cygnus and Violetta Black. But Sirius had named Harry as his heir, so it had all become his, not just by magic, but by blood and birthright. Harry had no more time to think on it, for he suddenly found himself standing in front of a door. The goblin opened it and gestured for him to go in. Harry peeked inside and saw that the room was empty, save for a table and two chairs. The goblin ushered him inside, and after telling Harry to sit down and wait, he gave a small bow then left, closing the door behind him. Moments later, the door opened again, and a stern-faced goblin entered. "Mr Potter," he said with a curt nod, taking the other seat. "I am Ulbrok, the executor of your benefactor's estate. You are here for the reading of the last will and testament of someone who took many precautions regarding the inheritance bequeathed to you. One of those precautions was put in place to ensure your acceptance of said inheritance," he said with a nasty smile. "To summarise, you will find you have no choice but to agree to the terms your benefactor insisted upon." Harry stared at him in surprise. "What terms? Who is this benefactor?" "You'll know in due time," Ulbrok said. "The first order of business is to take you to the vault. There is something you must see there which shall explain everything." The goblin stood. "This is highly irregular, I'm sure," Harry said with a frown, getting to his feet. "Irregular ... yes," Ulbrok said. "But you must be used to such things, Mr Potter. You are, after all, The Boy Who Lived ... and now, The One Who Defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named." "Voldemort," Harry corrected. There was no taboo on the name anymore and he refused to refer to the dead Dark Lord as anything other than Voldemort. "Very bold," the goblin murmured. "We'll see how brave you are when you hear the terms of your bequeathment." His mouth curled up in an ugly smile. "Now, come along, Mr Potter. It's time to see what you have inherited." Harry followed, growing more nervous with each step. Who was behind all this? Was it Snape? Or was it someone far more sinister? A fallen Death Eater getting their last revenge? They entered the hallway that led to the vaults. Ulbrok called for a cart and within seconds, it arrived and they climbed aboard; then the cart lurched forward and began whizzing along full throttle, hurtling through the twisted passages, until finally it grinded to a halt in front of vault 853. "Here we are," Ulbrok said. They exited the cart and approached the door. Ulbrok grinned then turned and stroked the door with his long, gnarled fingers until it vanished and the entrance to the vault appeared. Harry looked inside: the front of the vault looked like a library; there were several bookcases filled top to bottom with books, positioned in such a way that Harry couldn't see what lay beyond them. "Go on," the goblin urged, his eyes shining with what appeared to be anticipation. "You may go in now." "Hang on! I'm not just going in there," Harry protested, balking at the idea of entering an unknown vault, especially under the circumstances, which were creepy at best and potentially deadly at worst. "This could be a trap. Who knows what's in there!" "No need to worry, Mr Potter. The moment you signed that letter, you became heir to this vault, and as such, nothing in it can harm you," Ulbrok asserted. At Harry's doubtful look, the goblin raised a hand and intoned, "I hereby swear on my magic that Harry Potter will be safe while inside the vault. So mote it be." Harry hesitated for another moment, but finally decided it was best to just get it over with. He stepped inside. It was dark beyond the bookcases, so he cast a Lumos as he made his way forward. He had little time to get a good look around, because suddenly a cold, high-pitched voice said, "Ah! Harry Potter. You are here at last!"