they came to a room that had a hearth that was the size of the whole of Hermione's flat in London. Twelve people could easily stand within it, without touching, and still have room for more. There would definitely be enough room for the Yule log to take its place. Once it was situated, they stood back and admired their handiwork. "It's quite beautiful, Draco," said a quiet voice from behind them. Hermione slowly turned to see Narcissa Malfoy, pushing Lucius in a wicker wheelchair. Draco had not been exaggerating when he'd said that his father was greatly altered. The Malfoy patriarch's hair, once so luminous and pale, hung in limp strands that barely reached his shoulders. A thick wool blanket covered his lap and legs, while an old cloak swathed his frame in dark cloth. But it was his face that told the true story of his decline. It was gaunt, hollow, his eyes rheumy and unseeing. He was unshaven and the always-pale skin looked like linen that had been left out in the sun too long. His breathing was uneven, and he had to pause every now and then to take a deeper breath. When Narcissa stroked Lucius' hair lovingly, Hermione had to swallow against the sorrow rising in her chest. "He's having a good day, today. Aren't you, dearest?" Narcissa placed a kiss on her husband's head. Hermione didn't dare move, not wanting to spoil the moment. But it didn't matter; Narcissa straightened up and her eyes zeroed in on Hermione. "Thank you for assisting my son, Miss Granger. You shall be well paid for your efforts." Hermione glanced at Draco in confusion, then back to Narcissa. "There's no charge. Draco asked for our help and we gave it. Willingly." "Nonsense," Narcissa snorted. "There's no need to pretend, girl. Name your fee and we will pay it." "Mother," Draco intoned sternly. "Don't be crass. It's true. I asked, they volunteered. Let it be." Narcissa studied her son and Hermione closely. She then sniffed and returned her attention to Lucius. "As you wish. You have our gratitude, Miss Granger." "You're welcome." Hermione knew when she'd overstayed her welcome, so she nodded, sent one more glance at Draco, and left the room. "Granger, wait!" Draco pulled her back into the room she had just exited. "We haven't lit the log yet." Hermione's eyes widened in surprise. "That's a family tradition, Malfoy. I'm sure you wouldn't want to include someone like me." "What do you mean, someone like you?" He tugged on her winter cloak, drawing her closer to the hearth. "Are you saying we're not good enough for you?" She shook herself free. "You know that's not true. I was thinking of the other way around." She gave a furtive look in the direction of his father and mother. "I'm sure they don't want me here when you light it." Draco was about to speak, but his mother's voice interrupted him. "That's not true, Miss Granger. In times such as these, one must be thankful for small mercies. Your generous contribution is appreciated, so in the spirit of the season, we invite you to participate in the Yule ritual." Hermione locked her knees to keep from fainting. Not one year ago, in this very house, she'd been tortured nearly to death, and now they wanted to act like nothing had happened. She glanced at Draco and saw the hope in them dim slightly when she didn't answer. She turned her attention to Narcissa and saw how tired she looked, how worn. These people were no longer a threat to her. Truth be told, they weren't a threat to anyone in the wizarding world. They just wanted to get on with their lives, and the Yule ritual must seem like a slice of their past normality. "All right." Draco huffed a laugh and Narcissa gave her a small smile. "Gather around the hearth everyone." She pushed Lucius until he was positioned next to her. "Draco, begin." As he started weaving his wand, the tip began to glow. "The Wheel has turned once more, and the earth has gone to sleep. The leaves are gone, the crops have returned to the ground. On this darkest of nights, we celebrate the light. Tomorrow, the sun will return, to continue its journey as it always does." Hermione and Narcissa both murmured the response. "Welcome back, warmth. Welcome back, light. Welcome back, life." A thunderous crack sounded and the Yule log was suddenly ablaze. They basked silently in the warmth for a time, each lost in their own thoughts. A few moments later, Narcissa looked to Hermione. "Please finish for us, Miss Granger." Startled, but slightly pleased, Hermione raised her wand and duplicated the weaving motion Draco had made. "Shadows depart; darkness is no more, as the light of the sun comes back to us. Warm the earth. Warm the ground. Warm the sky. Warm our hearts. Welcome back, sun." The fire increased in intensity, prompting the first response Hermione had seen so far from Lucius. He turned his head towards the light, closed his eyes and sighed heavily. Narcissa squeezed her husband's shoulder. "I am thankful that Lucius is still with us." Draco smiled at his mother. "Hear! Hear!" He looked to Hermione. "I am thankful for newfound friends." Hermione thought long and hard, grasping the hem of her jumper to keep her hands from shaking. "I am thankful for the broken," she said quietly, "for the broken will always be able to love harder than most. I don't think I'd want to know anyone that was all put together properly." There was a decided sheen to the eyes of both Narcissa and Draco, which they quickly wiped away. Narcissa placed a gentle hand on her husband's shoulder. "Thank you, Miss Granger. For your help, and for your well-chosen words." Draco nodded, his eyes never leaving Hermione's. "Once you've been in the dark," he said softly, "you learn to appreciate everything that shines."