within earshot of his conversations, he always spoke of his mother in almost reverent terms. Hermione tried to picture losing her own mother, and the mere thought brought depthless pain to her heart. She didn't try to understand Pureblood relations, but one could surmise that the reaction would be the same—utter heartbreak, especially if one was an only child, as Draco was. She didn't imagine that Lucius would be much support; the Malfoy patriarch was seen as stoic, cold even on the few occasions she had met him. But she supposed that wasn't fair. Who was she to determine how someone dealt with their grief? Definitely not her; she'd had a goldfish that had died three months after she'd received it. That was the extent of her experience with loss up to this point in time. Of course, there would be loved ones she would lose in the coming years, but she didn't think anything would equate with the loss of a parent. Footsteps sounded behind her, but she already knew it was Harry. He came to stand next to her and nudged her. "Hey." She gave him a small smile and leaned her head on his shoulder. They stayed that way for a few moments before Hermione straightened up and looked to the south again. "What's it like, Harry? To lose a parent… or both?" Harry flicked a pebble off one of the turrets. "I…" He faltered and pushed his glasses up on his nose. "Sometimes, I have this emptiness inside me, and I wonder why. Then I realise that I'm doing something I think my mum or dad would've liked to have done with me and the sadness is overwhelming." He shifted and put his arm around her. "But then I remember I have Sirius and Remus, that they love me as much as my parents did, and it's not so bad. They knew my mum and dad, growing up, so in some ways, it's a lot like my parents are still around, in spirit." She drew Harry into a hug. "I'm glad you have them." "Me too." He released her and stood back. "I talked to Sirius about that potion Malfoy gave you. It's legitimate, but he thinks a Black family member should be making it. He says he'll make it for you, but I still think Malfoy is up to something." She shook her head in exasperation. "Like what? He's my partner in Potions. He's had plenty of opportunities to sabotage a potion, or hex me, or any number of things, but he hasn't." "Then how did you end up in the infirmary?" "Merlin, Harry, my own clumsiness! We were talking and I wasn't paying attention. I know you think I'm infallible, but I'm just as human as you are." "Still…" "Harry, let it go. Draco didn't do anything." "Fine. But if something like this happens again…" She rolled her eyes. "Then I give you free rein to hex him to your heart's content. After I'm finished with him, of course." Harry smirked. "Of course. Come on, it's bloody cold up here." Five days later, as she was leaving the library, Hermione ran into Pansy, who looked a frightful mess. Her eyes were red and swollen, as if she'd been crying, and she was quite pale. It was an innate sense of empathy that had Hermione reaching out to comfort another human being, regardless of who they were. "Pansy, are you… okay?" The Slytherin stopped in her tracks, her jaw clenched. "Fuck off, Granger," she snarled, then entered the library with nary a glance back. "Well, that was pleasant," Hermione muttered and continued on to her Potions class. When she entered, she was surprised to see Draco at their desk. He looked wan and tired, as if what colour he'd previously had was leached from his complexion. She carefully sat next to him and searched his face for signs of distress, but he was as closed off as his father. "I'm sorry about your mother, Draco," she offered softly. As if just realising she was there, Draco turned his red-rimmed gaze to her. "Thanks," he whispered. "Is there anything I can do?" He tilted his head and gave her a funny look. "Actually, yes. Would you go with me to Dogweed & Deathcap during the next Hogsmeade weekend?" To say that Hermione was disconcerted was an understatement. "They have fervo weed, don't they?" At Draco's nod, she asked, "Wouldn't it be more prudent if you took Pansy?" Even as she suggested it, Hermione wanted to take it back. "Not particularly," Draco replied. "See, my mother never liked Pansy, but my father pressed for a Pureblood marriage. Professor Snape alerted my parents that Pansy might try to use the Angel's Trumpet Draught on me." He gave her a lop-sided smile. "Seems someone told him they overheard Pansy talking about it." Hermione blushed to the roots of her hair. "He deducted ten points for having the gall to bother him with the information," she groused. Draco leaned close. "Was it worth the points?" She gave him a prim look. "I don't know. Yet." She thought for a moment, recalling the kiss Draco gave her. "So, wait. You never ingested any of the seeds or pollen?" He laughed lightly, then sobered. "I'm actually more clever than I look. Pansy was asking way too many questions about that potion, and Slytherins are unusually curious when they think something will benefit them, so I was suspicious. I never ate or drank anything that she gave me. When Lucius found out what she planned to do, that little stunt cost Pansy the marriage contract she had with my family. Mother was relieved." He pressed his lips together, though Hermione could easily tell he wanted to cry. "She made my father promise that I could choose my own partner, regardless of blood purity, before she… died." Hermione grasped his hand and squeezed. "That's good, right?" Draco covered her fingers and smiled. "It's perfect."