sudden panic she jumped, looking around her for a moment and wondering where she was. 'I'm sorry, Sleepyhead, I didn't mean to scare you. I didn't realise you were quite so deeply asleep,' a gruff but pleasant voice said quietly. For a moment Hermione's heart beat more rapidly as fear ran through her, but now more awake, she realised it was her father speaking. Without missing a beat, he added, 'You've been asleep for quite a while, Minnow, and I was worried about you getting burnt. The sun's moved in the last few hours and the umbrella isn't giving you any shade any longer. I don't want you to end up with sunstroke or something.' Hermione sat up and pushed her hair back from her face as she looked gratefully at her father. 'Thanks, Dad. Sorry — I must have really been out of it.' Her father laughed. 'I expect it's this heat. It's wiped your mother out, too. It's given her a rotten headache so she's gone back up to the room to lie down in the dark with the air conditioning blasting in the hope that might clear it. I was just going to let you know where we were going . . . and see if you need anything before we go.' He paused for a moment then added. 'You seemed to be having a good dream. What were you dreaming about?' For a moment a vision of Professor Snape kissing her as she surrendered to him filled Hermione's head, but she brushed it away, hoping desperately that she wasn't blushing as she remembered his naked body — or at least his naked body as she had imagined it. 'Nothing much, just holiday dreams,' she said with a smile and a shrug. 'You know.' Her father nodded. 'Well, at least it was something nice, not those nightmares you've been having recently. So, is there anything you want before I go and join your mother?' 'A drink would be nice,' Hermione told him hopefully. 'I'll order one for you on the way in,' her father promised. 'Stay down here as long as you like. We're going to rest until it's time for dinner.' As her father talked, Hermione looked at the position the sun lounger was in, then stood up to move it so it was under the large umbrella once more. She checked her skin to make sure she hadn't gone red and picked up her suntan cream to add some more just to be on the safe side. Once her father left Hermione glanced across the swimming pool to where the muscular dark-haired man was still sitting with his blond friends, who she could now quite clearly see were nothing like the Malfoys. For the second time, she felt a flush of embarrassment run through her as she recalled her dream, which had without a doubt been inspired by the three men sitting on the other side of the pool. Now she looked at the dark-haired man properly she could see he was younger than Professor Snape, and better-looking too although he did have the long dark hair and prominent nose that had reminded her so strongly of the ex-Potions Master and had been the catalyst for her dream. It was unlikely that the teacher had such a muscular body, but then it was also extremely unlikely she was ever going to find out if that was the case as Hermione had no idea where Professor Snape had disappeared to after killing Professor Dumbledore. The man on the sun lounger did show what potential was there, though. If only Professor Snape would leave his dark and dingy dungeon and spend a few weeks in the sun then he, too, could have that perfect dark suntan that glistened every time the man moved. As Hermione closed her eyes to slits, still surreptitiously watching the three men opposite her, she tried to work out why she had dreamt about Professor Snape and why the dream had been so sexual. She had never thought of the ex-Potions Master in a romantic way before, and certainly not after what he had done to the Headmaster, but now she'd had the dream she couldn't help thinking about him and wondering where he was. Hermione doubted the feeling was mutual. She had never been his favourite student and he had always taken every opportunity to put her down. So, although she might dream that seeing her naked would have him lusting after her, in reality, he would probably be more likely to kill her as she was an enemy of his true master. Shame, though. She had never before realised what potential he held although of course, even if she had she would never have done anything about it while they were at school. With a start, she realised that she was feeling aroused — probably a hangover from the dream, but it gave her wicked ideas as she looked once more at the dark-haired man and his companions. Maybe he wasn't Professor Snape and they weren't Lucius and Draco Malfoy, but they were all attractive and she wouldn't mind spending some time with them. As a sudden idea ran through her mind, Hermione stood up and stretched, making sure her breasts were facing the three men as she did so. Through her dark glasses, she could see them stop talking as they watched her. Without making it obvious that she knew she was being watched she pulled off her bikini top to release her breasts, pleased to see that her nipples were erect. By the time she had walked to the pool and dived in, gasping as she emerged from the cool, crystal-clear water that chilled her baking skin, she knew the men had left their sun loungers and were on their way to join her in the water. Hermione smiled. This was going to be like shooting fish in a barrel and it was going to be so much fun.