and helping him out, they still didn't let out a word. He thanked them when they got back, and went up to the bedroom to change and get some sleep while he could. The other two boys remained downstairs, trying their best to avoid the subject of Remus Lupin, but failing eventually, as they always had. Part III They parted with James right when the train stopped, but Sirius and Remus still had a little more way to go together. They dragged their suitcases across the sidewalk, listening to the sound they made as they scratched the ice. The day was chilly even for wintertime, and Remus could feel himself shaking underneath the heavy woolen clothes. He buried his nose into his scarf and looked at Sirius. His face was red with coldness, covered by asunder hair, ruffled by the wind. He didn't seem to be paying any attention to Remus, and his eyes looked almost white, reflecting the color of the snow his gaze was so lost in. Remus wondered what he was thinking of, but didn't dare disturb him from his thoughts. Sirius' appearance was grim that day. "I don't wanna go there" he said eventually, when he felt Remus' eyes scanning him. "I know that… I'm sorry…" the second boy began, his voice almost a whisper. "It's my fault you have to…" "No, it's not. What the fuck, Remus?" Sirius replied bluntly, looking at him with a stare that bore no argument. "I could've remained at Hogwarts." "Why didn't you, then?" Remus asked, wondering for the first time why Sirius was really going home. He hated the place, along with everything it brought, but it didn't occur to him until that moment how peculiar his behavior was. "Reg' asked me to come." he responded, shrugging his shoulders. "They made him come earlier for reasons I'm not sure I want to know, and he sent me a letter last week to come stay with him. I didn't want to at first, but seeing I was going to be alone anyway…" "So it IS my fault!" Remus insisted. "I'm so-" "Shut it. It's not, alright? I know you would've loved it if you could be with us." Sirius smiled kindly and almost made him feel at ease… Until he realized that he only said that because he didn't know the whole reason. He didn't know he was a beast, or that he could kill him just as easily as you put down a fly. He didn't know he was lying to all the three of them about the biggest part of his life, nor did he know that he hated himself for doing so, and for everything else that was part of who he was. "What's with that face? Stop feeling bad!" Sirius continued. "For fuck's sake, I'm surprised you don't feel bad for Peter failing Potions." Remus chuckled. He wish it were that easy. He forced himself to return Sirius' smile and to drop thinking of himself at least for the little while they still had to spend together. "Maybe we could meet up before school starts and do something together." Sirius suggested. "Yeah, that would be nice." They continued in silence until they reached Remus' front porch. They turned to face each other, and Remus was once more baffled by the sight of Sirius' bright grey eyes. He smiled dumbly when he felt his arms dragging him closer into a rushed hug, and for a minute he could concentrate on nothing more than Sirius' warmth and his regular pulse. They broke the embrace and started in opposite directions, awkwardness flooding the air. "So… Merry Christmas… See you soon?" Sirius said in a tone that not even he knew whether it was a question or a statement. "See you soon." Remus agreed, smiling again. They lingered a few more seconds, until Sirius turned his back on him and started back to the sidewalk. Remus walked into the house half blushing, half smiling, and headed for the kitchen to look for some chocolate. On Christmas morning, Remus woke up shaking in a bed drenched in sweat. He couldn't remember exactly what it was that tormented his sleep that night, but the idea stood the same as always. A nightmare. Claws, fangs, blood, trees and a never-ending stream of shrieks. He didn't remember calling out for help, either, yet both his parents stood now alarmed in front of his bed, hopelessly trying to catch their son's attention. He watched his father restlessly move from one side to another of the room, while his mother sat down on the bed next to Remus, but at least ten more minutes passed before he registered their presence thoroughly. "What's…happening?" he asked, his voice ragged with fear. "You were screaming in your sleep… We tried to wake you up, but…" Hope Lupin explained before cutting herself off. But they couldn't. He knew the continuation. Remus could never be woken up from his nightmares. Not since he was a baby and slept in the same bed with his parents. He couldn't wake up until the stream of terrors ended and his body could take no more. He remembered the fear that chained him once he got into Hogwarts, afraid that at any night he might start screaming and not wake up, making everyone hate him. He remembered not having slept for weeks when he first started school, until his newly-made friends started noticing the dark circles under his eyes and began worrying about him, dragging him to madam Pomfrey to see if there was something she could do to help him sleep. At first he didn't want to admit to having nightmares, but once the woman grasped the whole situation, she offered him potions to help ease his sleep each week, which worked – for a while. But since a few months before, not even those potions could help stop his mind from leaping into darkness, and Remus once again began living in constant dread.