had insulted Ginny as he had spoken, her face was turning a deep shade of scarlet that matched her hair. "I mean, I have work and so does Veronica." He added, trying to save himself. Ginny just said "Hmm." And then shrugged her shoulders. "You don't have to move." She said firmly. "But it means you've got to be extra careful that nothing magical happens when Muggles are watching." "Muggles? You keep saying that word, what does it mean?" Veronica asked her. "Muggles, non magical people. Like them." Ginny pointed again to the Dursley's who had now stopped speaking and were deep in thought. "Will you help us?" Dudley asked quietly, turning to face Harry. "With what?" Harry asked, shocked. Dudley shrugged as he was now avoiding the piercing gaze coming from his parents. "I don't know. Everything?" He shrugged again. "We have no clue, about school, or any of it." In Harry's life Dudley had only ever shocked him once before. When the Dursley's were being shipped out of their house for safety Dudley had voiced concern about Harry's wellbeing. Now here he sat, the cousin that had bullied him his entire childhood with concern for his sons upbringing. A lot had changed over the years for Dudley Dursley to be worried about sending his son to a wizarding school while his parents were lamenting the fact that their grandson is a wizard. Harry thought long and deep before he answered. "On one condition." He said finally. "Oh here it is. The one thing that casts us out for good. What's your condition boy? No Grandma or Grandpa Dursley?" Mr. Dursley spat the words out with venom as if Harry had planned all along to punish them by taking their only son and grandson away. Harry swallowed the words he wanted to say to his uncle and shook his head. "No." He said forcibly to his Aunt and Uncle. "My one condition is that you, and the two of you" He said to Mr. and Mrs. Dursley "In fact all of you have to visit my family." The choking sound that came from Mr. Dursley was reward enough for Harry. "Not all at once!" Harry said before Uncle Mr. Dursley could say anything. He could not imagine that the two of them would survive very long with the entire Weesley family thronging around to see them. "Just start with your niece and nephews." Harry said to Veronica and Dudley. "Just so you can see that wizard children aren't so bad. They are all around the same age so it won't hurt anyone introducing them all." No one spoke. In fact no one moved after Harry had finished speaking. This was against every plan ever made by Mr. Dursley to keep magic out of his life. Mrs. Dursley was now in such a state of shock that she was sitting, unblinking and staring at the floor. Dudley was now thinking it all through, from start to finish trying to think if there was any way he could return his life back to a normal life. Harry and Ginny were waiting silently for someone to speak and after several minutes of deafening silence it was Veronica, once again, who broke it. She stood up swiftly and spoke to everyone in the room, looking at each of them in the eye. "I thought my child was magical before I found out he was a wizard. Now even more so If you'll excuse me the young wizard needs a change." With that she walked out of the lounge room and up to the Baby's room, the smell of dirty nappy followed them out. "Well then." Harry said, slapping his thigh. "Looking forward to having you all over for tea." His smile was only returned by Dudley who was now standing up with his hand outstretched. "I thought all this madness was over with." Dudley said as Harry shook his hand. "Me too Diddykins." Harry said. He winced as Dudley who was much stronger now that when he was a child crushed his hand. After bidding them a stiff and unwelcome farewell Harry and Ginny walked outside, closed the front door and disappeared with two loud cracks. The sound roused Mrs. Dursley from her state of shock and she began fussing about lunch. As she started clearing up the cold breakfast they had not finished Veronica came back with a freshly changed and cleaner smelling baby to help. "Nonsense." Mrs. Dursley said as Veronica started helping. "You've been on your feet nonstop AND with a baby to look after." She bustled Veronica out of the kitchen insisting that she would take care of the cleaning and lunch. Mr. Dursley now chortled and said under his breath. "In all my years she has never offered to help clean someone else's house." Veronica smiled as he spoke. "I heard that! Now come and take out the rubbish!" Came Mrs. Dursley's voice from the kitchen. Mr. Dursley grimaced. "Coming dear." He said, sounding defeated. Veronica would have accepted her in laws acting like proper family in place of all that happened in the last two days, having her mother in law help without offering comments was magic enough. She sat next to her husband and Dudley took Emerson from her and held the two of them. The last two days may have been close to insanity but this was now only the beginning. "Will we need to get an owl?" Veronica asked Dudley absent mindedly. Mrs. Dursley dropped the tray she was cleaning and Mr. Dursley bellowed. "No ruddy owls!" Dudley smiled. "Maybe when my parents have left." He said in barely a whisper so only Veronica could hear him. The two of them stayed on the couch for nearly an hour until lunch was ready. The pheasant that was waiting to be cooked was now in the rubbish, leftover lamb and salad were in its place. It seemed Mr. Dursley had had his fill of birds.