his book. / Albus looked up when he heard the door jingle. "Oh Rose you're back. What is Lily doing with you?" "Oh she was entering the bookstore around the same time I was, so I brought her here." Rose answered. Albus sighed. "Okay the Lily, since you're here you can help me wipe down tables so we can get out of here." "Was that your boyfriend next door?" Lily piped up. "He is hot!" "He is not my boyfriend!" Albus practically growled, though internally, he was having some fantasies about that statement. Lily just shot Albus a look and started cleaning the tables. Soon after, the trio finished, and headed out. Albus slipped inside the bookstore while they were walking to Rose's car. "What's that book you're reading?" Albus asked, making Scorpius almost jump out of his skin. "Oh! Hi, Albus." Scorpius exclaimed, after he got over his shock and realized who was standing in front of him. Albus knew that Rose and Lily were standing outside, watching through the window. "Let's give them something to look at," He said on a whim, point at them. Scorpius, who was now rushing to clean up the shop, barely heard Albus and just nodded at him. Albus, seeing his chance, darted over and kissed Scorpius. Scorpius was taken aback at first, but he slowly melt into the kiss, deepening the kiss enthusiastically. Albus joined in, ignoring the gasps of shock and awe coming from Lily and Rose. Finally they broke apart, both gasping for breath. Both of them instantly turned away, blushing. Trying to get rid of the awkwardness, Scorpius spoke up. "I've only known you for two days, yet I feel like I can't fall deeper in love with you." At that moment, Rose and Lily burst through the door, both of them screaming, but Albus and Scorpius only had eyes for each other. "It seems that I've fallen into the pit of love as well. But it's not too bad, since you're in it." Albus smiled. "Are you guys dating now?" Lily asked excitedly. "If Scorpius wants too. Do you?" Albus inquired. "Yes of course I do! I've been pining for a week!" Scorpius declared. "A week?" Albus asked incredulously. "You only knew me for two days!" "Yeah but the windows are huge. I may or may not have been spying on you as soon as you got that shift." Scorpius laughed. "And you've liked me since then?" Albus repeated. "Yeah, that seems about right." Scorpius answered. "I only liked you for an hour before I decided to do something about it!" Albus exclaimed. "You're lucky you didn't have to go through the painful pining." Scorpius groaned. "Okay lovebirds, we should probably head out. The sun is going to set!" Rose ordered, pushing the pair out. "Scorpius, do you need a ride along with Albus or no?" "I'm fine Rose, my car is just over there." Scorpius answered politely. Their little group split up, and headed home, Albus missing Scorpius' company as soon as he left. / The next few weeks were filled of almost the same routine, both of them missing each other terribly until lunchtime. They still had neglected to tell their families, and it had already been a month. Somehow, Rose and Lily were the only ones who knew. Albus was pretty sure that James knew, since he had stopped bothering Scorpius about being a Malfoy, and had finally held a civil conversation with him a week ago. After a thoughtful talk with Scorpius, both boys agreed on telling their parents that evening. They had taken to going to each other's houses after work, and had forced their families to get along. The day they had chose to come out to their families, just so happened to be the second annual Potter-Malfoy-Weasley dinner the two boys had created. / "Hey will you two lovebirds stop making eyes at each other and actually listen to what we're saying?" James teased. Scorpius and Albus both shot each other nervous glances. 'Here goes,' They mouthed, and took a deep breath. "Actually that's what we have to talk to you about." Albus started, looking at Rose who was giving him encouraging looks and gestures. "What is it? Albus, Scorpius?" Ginny asked. "You know you can tell us anything right?" "Yes, Scorpius, what Ginny says is true." Draco, Scorpius' dad added. "You can tell me anything." "Well, um, AlbusandIaredating." Scorpius rushed. "I'm sorry, what was that?" Harry inquired. Albus took a deep breath. "Scorpius and I are dating." James laughed. "That's what got you guys so worked up? I think we all knew that at the last dinner!" They both blushed. "Yeah, I think we were making bets on when you would actually tell us. I think Rose won." Hermione started. "So that's why she was bothering us to tell you!" Albus yelled triumphantly. Rose smirked. "Yup, you've got me. Thank to you two, I've now got some extra money!" Scorpius was still in shock. "Wait, so you aren't mad?" He asked, mainly directed to his father. "Why would I ever be mad? I knew you were bi, it seemed to be about time." Draco replied. The rest of the dinner passed without much more news, and the families soon parted ways and headed home. / The summer was almost at it's end, and Albus and Scorpius could say that they had a way better summer than either of them had expected. Both of them were worried about the coming school year, it was their final year of highschool, and they went to different schools. "One more year," They promised. "Then we can get a flat together!" Albus cheered. "If we stay together," Scorpius amended. "You better not leave me!" Albus chastised. "Oh, stop pouting." Scorpius teased. "I'm not pouting." Albus pouted. Scorpius leaned over and kissed his boyfriend. "I won't leave you. Only one more year. Then we can get a flat." / And the rest is history. The end!