the Empress seeks, you shall be sent to her current location." Harry looked at the coin with more suspicion than ever, but something inside him told him that he could trust the man. But still, part of him was still suspicious. He crossed his arms, looking at the man with a blank expression. "Prove it," he said. "How do I know that you're not Sirius Black using a Polyjuice Potion?" Boris turned around, looking at the interior of the café, noticing that it was mostly empty. "Come inside with me," said the apparently Russian man, getting up from his chair. "Do you know what Unbreakable Vow is?" Harry got up from his chair as well, looking at the man with a confused expression. "Unbreakable Vow? Never heard of that." "Is contract made between two wizards, but requires another one to seal it," explained the man. "If the terms of the vow are broken, the one who did so dies." Harry stopped. "And...you're willing to do that?" "Of course," was the simple reply. Harry watched as Ivanovich went to speak with the man behind the counter, and after a while Boris returned with the shop's owner. The man's eyes immediate fell onto the boy's forehead and a rather recognizable characteristic there. "Wait, you...you're Harry Potter!" "Yes I am," said Harry, already used to having people know who he was. "The vow?" "Oh, yes of course!" Said the man "Kneel and join your right hands, if you please." The two did so, and so the shop's owner placed the tip of his wand on top of theirs. "You have to say the terms, Mr. Potter." Stated the man. "And be careful with the wording." Harry quickly looked at the man. "Oh, right. Well...do you, Boris Ivanovich, swear that you are not Sirius Black, or in any way a supporter of Voldemort?" "I do," he replied as a small red flame erupted from the wand on top of their hands and began to encircle them. "Do you swear that what you told me outside is nothing more than the truth, or at least what you believe to be true?" "I do." Another stream of fire came from the wand and just like the other it began to encircle the two hands. "Are you done Mr. Potter?" Asked the shopkeeper, to which Harry nodded. The man removed his wand, and the streams of fire began to contract until they were absorbed by their skin. Harry let go of Boris hand and looked at his own, seeing if the streams had left any marks. Apparently not. The young wizard then got up and looked at the shopkeeper. "Thank you sir," he said. "You're welcome Mr. Potter," replied the old man, who went back to the counter "Have a good day." Harry left the café with Boris, and once outside he looked at the man. "Ok then," he declared. "I'll go and meet with your Empress." Boris was certainly pleased with Harry's decision and took out the coin he had shown him before. He extended the coin to Harry, and told the young wizard to grab it. And a few moments later, neither Harry nor Boris were in England. Author's Note: Harry's eagerness to buy the books and their presence inside the bookshop, is a plot point that will be expanded upon later in the story. Also, Boris's speech is intentionally broken in some parts. The Encyclopaedia: D. Maria III of Portugal – Born in 1924, she was the daughter of King D. Manuel II of Portugal and Empress Anastasia of Russia. As such, with their deaths, she became the Queen of Portugal in both the muggle and wizarding worlds, Empress of Russia only in the wizarding world, and with the death of her husband, the Queen Dowager and Regent of Nicaea. She is Harry's maternal grandmother, and is the widow of King Alexander of Nicaea. The Palace of Necessidades in Lisbon is her residence in Portugal. A member of the Roman Regency Council, Maria serves as its head and by consequence she is the non-imperial head of state of the Roman Empire. D. Alexander I of Portugal and Nicaea – Born in 1920, Alexandros was the son of King Philip of Nicaea and Sophie Klementine von Habsburg. He had a profound admiration for his mother, and when he inherited the Kingdom of Nicaea from his father, he founded the Habsburg-Anemas dynasty, intent on honouring his mother's birth family. He married Maria of Braganza and had a single child with her. He became a co-ruler of Russia (only in the wizarding world) and Portugal alongside his wife, officially recognized as a regnant monarch of those two states. His reign as King of Portugal would only last a year, as he died in 1968, victim of a myocardial infarction. He served also as the head of the Regency Council before his death. D. Maria Theresa, Tsesarevna of Russia and Princess Royal of Portugal – The sole daughter of Maria and Alexander, she was kidnapped by a group of wizard revolutionaries and brought to the United Kingdom, where she was adopted by a muggle family, and given the name of Lily Evans. She would later marry James Potter, and had a son with him, widely known as Harry. She was murdered by Voldemort, alongside her husband. United Kingdom of Portugal, Africa and the Algarves – Proclaimed by King D. Manuel II before the Republican Revolution of 1910, the United Kingdom of Portugal, Africa and the Algarves was created with the intention of increasing Portugal's prestige after the British Ultimatum and to quell the outrage that still existed amongst the Portuguese people. The "Africa" in its name refers to the Kingdoms of Angola and Mozambique, two former colonies elevated to Kingdom status by the King as well. The United Kingdom was restored in 1967 by its President of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister), Antonio de Oliveira Salazar, and Maria of Braganza would take the throne as Maria III.