you fool! How could you let them get the wands and escape?" she shrieked. He braced himself for what he knew was soon to come. " Crucio !" Bellatrix shouted. And the pain swept through him...the perfect punishment for his failure to spare the woman he loved the same fate. The Final Battle Hogwarts Draco rushed over the bloody battlefield, searching everywhere for the bird's nest of curly brown hair. Usually he could spot it anywhere, but today was different. There were too many flashes of every color as he ran. And then he spotted her, relief rushing through him that the knife his aunt had thrown at the Manor had not, in fact, killed Hermione. He ran to her and saw a masked figure moving to hit her with a curse from behind. " Avada Kedavra !" Draco shouted, and the person fell to the ground, lifeless. Draco's need to save Hermione from any danger had grown increasingly. He'd woken up in a cold sweat so many times in the past months he'd lost count. And now, as he drew closer to her, it only built to a more urgent level. He'd do anything—even if it meant murdering an old friend hiding beneath a mask—to stop someone trying to hurt her. It must have been the effects of the vow. "Malfoy," someone called from behind him, and he turned to see the Weasel running in his direction, eyes aflame with hate. "I'm not here to take you on, Weasley. I just need to-" "You think I don't know what you need to do? I know all about the two of you. I've seen the looks. And the way you hesitated to identify us at your manor. But I'll win her over. She and I are meant to be." Draco brushed him off, not worried about Hermione falling for the bumbling idiot. She was his. Forever. He turned and disappeared into the crowd, jumping to the side when he heard the Weasel shout out a stupify spell. But now, Draco had lost sight of Hermione. Ducking in and out of the crowd, he tried to track her down. And then he saw her in the distance and ran in her direction, his heart pounding so hard at the sight...and the need to protect. A group of Death Eaters were closing in on her, so he cut them off, taking each of them down without a second thought. She was only meters away. He'd reach her. From the corner of his eye, he caught a flash of long red hair, and turned in Ginny's direction as she ran toward him, waving him down. Distracted, he almost missed it: a man with long blond hair wearing a mask had his wand pointing at Hermione's back. " Avada ," his father shouted. Draco dove in front of the wand. He...would...not...fail...Hermione. Lucius Malfoy's eyes widened at the sight of his son shielding the mudblood. He was already mid-word. The world seemed to move in slow motion for Draco. He smirked as he saw the look of horror on the Weaselette's face over his father's shoulder. Looking behind him, he spotted Hermione and saw she was surrounded by friends. Safe. And then his world went black. The Day After the Final Battle Florence, Italy A loud crack sounded at the corner of Piazza San Marco, and a woman in an odd cloak appeared. She looked haggard and aged beyond her short years. Hermione Granger made her way through the piazza and turned left onto Via Cavour, heading to the Duomo. As she passed her favorite little pizza shop, she couldn't hide her smile. She hadn't been happy in so long, but she'd found joy here during that summer when she and a certain blond Slytherin had finally gotten to know each other. When the Duomo came into sight, her heart started beating rapidly. She'd see him soon. Yesterday, she'd only captured glimpses of him until he'd disappeared toward the end of the battle. And now he'd be waiting on those steps as he'd vowed, ready to start their lives without the shadow of a war. Hermione had only stuck around the battlefield long enough to find out which of her friends had survived. And though there were so many reasons to mourn, those who had died would stay in her heart always. To honor them, she had to live. Climbing the stairs, she sat on the top step, sure she wouldn't have to wait for long. And then she saw it: a cloaked, hooded figure heading toward her. Hermione stood and smiled, ready to jump into Draco's arms. But when the figure drew down the hood, it wasn't her love who greeted her. It was Ginny. And her face spoke a thousand words. "No!" Hermione shook her head. It couldn't be true. "I'm sorry, Mione. It's all my fault. I shouldn't have added that vow. He—he was acting like a maniac trying to get to you, to protect you. I wanted to stop him, but I couldn't reach him in time. His father—" Hermione collapsed to the ground, her heart shattering. "No." "I wanted to find you before you got here, but I couldn't." She reached into her pocket and held a small box out to Hermione. "This was in his pocket." Snatching the box from her friend's hand, Hermione whispered, "Please, just go." And she did, disappearing back into the crowd. Slowly, Hermione opened the velvet box and gasped at what was inside. A beautiful ring glimmered at her. The band was a strand of white gold wrapped around a strand of yellow gold. In the center were two heart-shaped stones; one a ruby, the other an emerald. She lifted it out of the box to examine it. There was an inscription on the inside of the band. It read, simply, Forever . Tears spilled down Hermione's face as she slipped the ring onto her left ring finger, where she knew it would stay...always.