dark lord in about a couple of things. They were silent while they waited for Bellatrix to return, both lost in thought and pondering what to do about the other. So far Harry was pretty happy with how things were going, he just hoped there were no hiccups and Bellatrix returned with a dead or at least stunned Moody. It took what felt like days for the sound of footsteps to echo through the manor once more and moments later Bellatrix all but skipped back into the room, a group of death eaters in tow, with mad eye's body floating in the middle of them. She bowed at his feet as did the rest of the death eaters and from his spot on the other side of the room Harry grinned. All according to plan. "Report Bellatrix," Voldemort ordered. "We lost three death eaters, My Lord but no one important," Bellatrix reported. "The auror is stunned and injured but still alive for your pleasure, my lord." She finished with a low bow. "The information I provided you with, was it accurate?" Voldemort asked her. "It was flawless, my lord," Bellatrix replied that sickening reverence back in her tone. Voldemort smiled in a way that made every death eater in the room aside from Bellatrix shrink back in fear and Harry had to say he enjoyed the view. "Take him to the dungeon and lock him up thoroughly, after that you can all return to your beds." They bowed and left the room, their relief at having been successful and therefore going unpunished during this meeting was palpable. Once they were gone the door slammed shut behind them and Voldemort's gleeful eyes resumed their search of the room for Harry. "All right, Mr Potter, let's hear what you have to say," The dark Lord invited. "I want to join you; I think that goes without saying. I will help you take over the wizarding world and you can choose what form that help takes, although I'd prefer to spend as little time as possible around the order, I've grown to quite despise most of them. I will use my magic to aid your quest and in return I ask for only two things," Harry explained his position. "Oh and what are those?" the dark wizard asked curiously. "Firstly, I want immunity for those I still care about, I don't care what happens to the rest of the world but I want those people safe and unharmed," Harry replied. "And the second one?" Voldemort asked. "I want Dumbledore dead! I don't care how that comes about but I want to see that stupid old coot's head up on a stake in the front lobby of the ministry building for everyone to see," Harry finished. "Truly, that's all you want?" Voldemort asked disbelievingly. "That's all I want," Harry confirmed. "Not even an agreement that I will not kill you once I achieve my goals?" Voldemort asked. Harry shook his head. "I don't care about my life anymore," he admitted honestly. "I care about keeping my loved ones out of danger and getting revenge on those who've wronged me, once I've achieved that and seen to it that things won't change once I'm gone you're free to kill me, I won't even fight back. Of course I'll want a guarantee that I will live to see the end of your campaign, I don't want one of your death eaters killing me before our agreement is complete, after that, as I said, I don't care." Voldemort cocked his head to the side. "When did you become so morbid, Harry?" he asked softly. "When I found out I have nothing to live for," Harry replied. "If I didn't have these goals to aim for I would have just let you kill me already." Voldemort was thoughtful for a moment before he said. "I've wronged you, Harry, why do you expect me to believe you no longer wish revenge on me?" Harry was expecting the question and he answered it with the truth. "Because you might have wronged me, but it was orchestrated by someone else and I know that now." Voldemort looked utterly baffled and Harry couldn't help but grin at the other wizard's expression despite the sadness he was currently feeling. The dark lord opened his mouth to speak once more but Harry cut him off not wanting to talk anymore just now. "You have my offer, it's up to you to think it over and decide what you want to do. I'll be back tomorrow night, have the contracts written up for me to look over and sign when I arrive if you agree." With that he used a spell Moody had taught him once to block the senses of anybody in a room for 15 seconds to cover his escape and slipped out of the room. It wasn't long before Harry was back in Grimauld place, in his bed, thinking over what he'd done that night. Moody wasn't a loss for him, the man was a part of Dumbledore's little plan for Harry and deserved whatever he got. Now that the plan was set in motion however there was no going back and Harry had to decide how he felt about it all. He was about to go against everything he'd been taught to believe since he'd entered the wizarding world and help his enemy defeat those he was supposed to be saving. He was voluntarily giving the dark lord the power to control what he did until the day he died and that could mean anything. He honestly wasn't sure how to feel about that, all he knew for certain was that he would do whatever was necessary to see it through. He would keep those he loved safe, he would keep his promise to the only man who'd been brave enough to oppose the headmaster and tell Harry the truth and he would have his revenge, no matter what it took.