drew in a bit breath since she knew her words will escape her in a torrent. She knew before she started that she will sound like an unreasonable child to him but that still didn't stop her from trying to explain how she felt. "I know, but haven't you seen him lately?" she said pointedly, but Ron only gave her a look which said that seeing Malfoy for a minute was a minute too much for him. "He looks desperate, and I can tell that he hasn't slept or eaten properly for months . Don't you think it would be better for us if we at least tried to get him to open up and ask for help before it's too late? He is a bastard and a sleazy git, I know all that, but I also know that he's not evil," she finished with a sharp intake of breath and saw Ron's frown deepen when he realised how convinced she sounded at her last statement. "At least, that he's nothing like the rest of them," she added, hoping it was explanation enough. "But how can you be so certain of it?" Ron asked her, now sounding more sad than exasperated, but there was also a hint of suspicion in his voice. "That's what gets me every time. Lately you speak as if you've been his therapist. How do you know for sure that he wouldn't turn on us even if we did manage to break him in somehow?" Hermione lowered her gaze and somehow Ron felt a shift inside her and that she will not answer his question directly. "I don't care about Malfoy at the moment, Ron. I care about Harry, who is still not back. I feel like jumping out of my own skin," she said while she wrapped her hands around her shoulders as if she was cold, hugging herself while trying to stay calm and prevent the tears from welling in her eyes. "Hey, come here," said Ron, regretting that he's raised his voice when he saw her like that. With his hand extended he invited her for an embrace. "I'm sorry. It's an old fight already, I shouldn't have shouted like that." "No," she said, waving his hand away with her own. She knew she might start crying if she accepted the embrace and she had no intention of Harry coming back and seeing her face red and puffy. "No, you're right," she said with a forced smile, "I have been making too big of a victim out of him. I'm fine. Check where Malfoy is, please," she said in a gentle voice, hoping that he didn't think he had upset her too much. He too was worried about Harry, there's no need for him to be worried about her as well. Ron sighed and did what she asked of him. "Be careful. He is still in the Room of Requirement. I mean, most likely, I don't see him anywhere else," he said, folding over the map in his lap. "Thank you. I'm off." She stood up and started walking away without turning, the same way Harry did earlier that night. "Mione!" she was almost at the portrait hole when he shouted after her and only then had she turned her head to look at him, but he only stared at her, not really knowing what to say, other than to ask her to stay, which he didn't since he knew it would be too selfish. "I'll be careful," she said, drawing up a small smile. He sighed as she left, leaving him to fret both over Harry and her in his silent, unmoving way. He couldn't blame her, but was worried too, despite all the things he said. Still, that did not make him take his eyes off the Map. He sat on the couch staring at the Map, listening to the crackling of wood in the fire and the ticks of the clock hands behind him. He thought it a very pointless activity, it was an opinion he voiced many times during the year. He decided that after he confirmed that Malfoy returned to his dormitory he would abandon the map and get back to his homework. That should be enough for Harry. It was only ten minutes after Hermione left that he saw Malfoy's name reappear on the Map. He relaxed for a moment thinking that the babysitting was soon to be over, but he felt his world turn upside down when next to the blond git's name appeared the names of five other Death Eaters. "Fuck!" He shouted loudly, not bothering to think that some of the students in the dorm rooms might hear him. For a fraction of a moment the only thought in Ron's head was that he would never hear the end of it from Harry, before the weight of the danger everyone was in settled itself in his chest. His heart started beating at an erratic pace as he bolted to his feet with the Map still in hand but froze in spot, not knowing what to do next. He knew he needed to sound the alarm but who was there to tell? Harry was gone. Dumbledore was gone. He had no idea where Hermione was, though he franticly turned the pages of the Map around, trying to find her name. It showed up once in one of the corners but he overlooked it in his panic. Professor McGonagall. He didn't see the name on the Map, but instead it lit up in his mind like a beacon. An Order member. She will know what to do. He knew it would take him less than a minute to reach her office if he ran to her at full speed and with the way the Death Eaters still haven't moved from the spot where he first saw them, they weren't likely to intercept him. He shoved the Map in his back pocket and started running. Please review!