before he began to move. He started slow, letting Harry and himself get used to how each other felt before picking up the pace. Harry was helpless but to lay there and enjoy it as his arse was pummeled and his body was driven deeper into the mattress. Just when Harry thought for certain he would die if he wasn't touched, Severus pulled out of him with a slick wet popping sound. He keened at the loss of sensation. "Don't whine unless you wish to be left like this: on the edge of coming with no hope of release," Severus growled. He placed his hands on Harry's hips and flipped him over onto his knees. He was able to move his arms enough to get them under his chest so he didn't suffocate in the duvet. There was a loud sound and then a stinging sensation: it took him a second to realise Severus had just spanked him. Again, on the opposite cheek. "Fuck!" Harry cried. "Naughty children require correction. This is, I have heard, the most common form." Damn him, Harry could hear the smirk in his voice. Again, twice more on each cheek. Harry's cock was ready to explode. "Come on, Harry," Severus cajoled. "If you want to come so badly, beg me. Beg, or I leave you here like this, red arse waving in the air and bollocks full to bursting." "P-please…" Harry trailed off. Smack! "Please what ?" "Please make me come!" Smack! "Not good enough. Show some respect when you beg, fucktoy." Oh God, Harry was going to come on his voice alone soon. "Please let me come, sir !" "Better." And with that Severus shoved his entire length back up Harry's arse and the young man gasped at the sudden feeling of being filled by the man who now seemed such a perfect fit inside of him. Being called 'sir' had released something inside of Severus, and he was pounding Harry like an animal, raw and uninhibited. His hips smacked Harry's arse with each thrust. And then Severus began to talk, and Harry was going to come undone from the utter filth spewing from those lips. "That's it. Take it. Take my cock, you fucking slut. Your arse is so tight, so hot. I'm going to ruin you for every man that comes after me. I'll stretch you so far open you'll be forever marked as my property, my little fuck toy." Severus gripped his hips hard enough to bruise, canting him at an angle where his cock was hitting his prostate with every single thrust; the bed shook with the force of them. That was more than Harry could bear, and he came without even being touched, filling the condom with what felt like an ocean. He cried out Severus' name as he came, tears forming in his eyes from the sheer force of it. The professor kept pounding him, the friction now just shy of becoming unbearable when Severus stilled, shuddering, and Harry felt his insides fill with his hot come. Harry felt like he couldn't breathe, like he was floating even though he was in pain and pressed into the mattress. It felt perfect. He heard Severus mutter a spell and the filled condom floated off Harry and right out the other door, presumably to go into the potion bubbling in the main room. His hands were then released from their invisible prison, and he flopped over onto his back, looking up into the flushed, sweat-soaked face of Severus Snape. He wasn't sure what to say, if anything, and so he did the only thing he could think of: he hooked his hands around Severus' neck and pulled him down for a wet, messy kiss. "Severus?" "Hmm?" "If you ever need help with a potion again, call me first." One month later… Severus had said one thing true when he was shagging Harry: he had ruined him for every other man. Harry couldn't imagine anyone making him feel half as good as the professor had. His arse had stung from the spanking for two days, and his heart had stung longer. It had started as a quick fuck, how had he suddenly discovered all of these... feelings for Severus? It just wasn't natural. He was at his flat near Diagon Alley, thinking about that night and getting hard at the memory of that dark voice saying what he had. A tent was forming in his trousers at the memory. He leaned his head back and was just about to open his flies when there was a knock at the door. His flat was warded, in case any enemies should try to find him. Who had gotten through his wards? He padded barefoot to the door, his wand behind his back. In the peephole, at first all he saw was black, but he looked up and saw that Severus was now at his doorstep. He wrenched the door open and said, "What are you doing here?" The older man arched an eyebrow. "What a kind greeting." "Sorry, it's just...I didn't know you knew where I lived." "I didn't. I asked Minerva for the address." Oh . "Why are you here? Did something go wrong with the potion?" Harry noticed the man had a brown bag in one hand. "Not as of yet, but I thought it might be prudent to have extra potion on hand for the future." He held up the bag. "Firewhiskey. And I stopped off at Regulation." Harry's face paled. Regulation was a Muggle bondage shop. "You did say if I needed to make a potion again, I could call on you," Severus reminded him. "I think I might be needing...quite a bit of assistance in the near future." Harry smiled, opening his door wider. "Well, why didn't you say so? I'm always happy to help with your advanced potion making...sir." Dark eyes flashed with fire. "Oh, Harry, this is going to be a very painful...and very entertaining partnership."