licked his fingers clean like a cat. Snape groaned, fisting his cock as she mimicked fellatio on his fingers before he pulled them from her mouth. Deftly, much more so than she would have thought, he swung himself onto the bed, knees on either side of her neck and cock just inches from her face. "Let's see how that know-it-all mouth of yours handles this," he said. He guided the head of his cock to her lips, just pressing against them, covering them with his precome before he slipped the head past her lips. Her tongue lapped at the head, pressing against the slit, making him groan. She loved getting that sort of reaction out of impassable Severus Snape, the bat of the dungeons. While she was certain that she wasn't the first, it still gave her a sense of pride to get that response from him. "Don't get that look, Granger," he growled. "Don't forget, you're the one tied up here." He rolled his hips, sending the first few inches into her mouth as she began to suck him. The velvet-over-steel feeling of his cock, the weight of him just above her, was too much. She was very nearly ready to come again. Snape braced himself on the headboard and rolled his hips further, and Hermione choked around his cock, determined not to let her gag reflex get the better of her. He pulled out, leaving just the head inside, and then sunk himself back in, all at once. He did this a few times, and tears fell from Hermione's eyes as she did her best to accommodate his size and not choke. "That's it, suck my cock like a good girl," he told her, beginning to fuck her throat in earnest, his balls hitting her chin with every thrust. Though tears kept falling, her twat was getting wetter and wetter, she felt her juices soaking her thighs and she desperately needed to be fucked properly. In a few moments, Snape pulled himself fully from her mouth, leaving a trail of spittle and precome between his tip and her lips. He wiped it away and bent down, crushing her lips to his in a violent kiss. He propped himself up with one hand while the other squeezed one of her breasts, pinching a nippel between his fingers. Hermione gasped into the kiss, arching her breast up for more attention and this time Snape didn't scold her. He broke the kiss, moving down to cover the other nipple with his lips, sucking on it like she'd sucked on his cock before he bit down and she screamed at the insane sensations she felt. "Oh God, Professor… Professor please!" she said, not even ashamed to beg. "Please what, Hermione?" he asked, looking at her with that searing gaze. "What do you want. Use your words, girl, you're good at that." "Please fuck me, sir," she begged. "I need you." He chuckled, biting down onto her neck. "As you wish." Swiftly, in one long stroke, he was inside of her, stretching and filling her and she cried out at the intrusion. He was flush against her, letting her get used to his size. "How's that feel?" "Like Hell if you don't move, sir," Hermione said. He squeezed her hips just a little harder. "Be nice, Hermione. Remember you're still at my mercy." "I don't want your mercy, sir," Hermione said, realising he'd said her given name twice already. "I just want you to fuck me." I have wanted it since last year and I don't know why! "With pleasure." He pulled out and slammed back in, rattling the bedframe as he did so. He found a rhythm he liked and began steadily fucking her, his cock sliding in and out easily. Each thrust was a little harder than the last and she felt like she was being speared alive, torn in half by that magnificent cock. Hermione arched her hips, trying to meet him at each thrust but eventually gave up and gave into the amazing pleasure and pain he was giving her. "Yes, that's it," he hissed. "You take cock so well, I should just keep you here. My Gryffindor sex slave." He chuckled against her skin, diving deep inside of her and staying there for just a moment. And I'd be happy to stay, she thought. She saw him smirk and nearly died: he was using Legilimency on her, the bastard! He increased his pace again, angling upwards and making her see stars. He reached down with one hand and fingered her clit, hard. "Come for me. Come, Hermione, come on my cock." He bit down on her shoulder and she came with a shout, calling out his given name as she had so many times in her fantasies. He came right after her, and she felt her insides being coated with his hot seed. "The spell," he said, breathless, and then said his part. "My power, centered in you." "Your power, centred in me." Hermione saw magic surrounding them both, centreing to the place where they were still physically connected. It was pure white, and she felt calm inside. Powerful. Filled. Snape placed his hand over her heart and kiss on her lips. She loved the feel of his lips against hers and for the first time she closed her eyes, savouring this moment. He slipped out of her, and the warm feeling faded, leaving nothing but a tingle on her skin. She opened her eyes and he gazed at her for a moment before looking away. "The ritual is complete," he said, his voice barely audible. "You may go whenever you please." Hermione went to get up, but stopped. "Can I-that is… Could I stay? Just a bit longer?" She placed a hand on his arm and slid it down, holding onto his. He sighed and pulled the duvet over them both. "Until curfew, then, Miss Granger." "It's Hermione." He snorted. "So it is, in this room only."