The only thing that I could entertain myself with was the pictures on the walls around the office - but they were all sleeping. And it was only just suppertime. I couldn't help but notice that one of the portraits had a missing face. It was quite creepy and unsettling but entrancing at the same time. "Excuse me, I was just wondering which headmaster that was in the photo with the blank face?" I asked the teacher who was assigned to watching us. "Quiet. your punishment is not over!" "So this is my punishment?" "How much longer of this will I have to put up -" "I said quiet!" He screamed this time, his cheeks getting all flushed. My lips closed and sealed immediately afterward and I didn't talk two hours after that. With this long period of silence, everyone was startled when the door suddenly opened. It was Roark with a stack of papers which he brought to the front desk. I think it would be a proper time to ask questions so I did. "Hey. So what are you and the squad up to tonight?" Hamish asked. "Not really much. We're just playing Wizard's chess in the common room. Well me and Roman are. Udai has a game of exploding snap going with Olivia." The supervising teacher glared at the three of us. "You are not permitted to talk to them. Why have you brought these piles of paper?" Roark fixed his glasses and gulped nervously. "Well, sir, they're just late assignments that I got extensions on, remember?" "Ah. Well, just leave them here. Roark, is it? Is that your name?" "Yes, professor." The only thing I disliked about Roark is that he always let people boss him around - especially teachers. "Oh I almost forgot. here," Roark said taking out an envelope from his oversized robes. He handed the teacher a big fat envelope and spoke with his head down. I could barely hear him so I leaned in. "Ms. Cotton sent this for Jacob and Hamish. I believe it's their punishment for skipping her class." The teacher (I still didn't know his name) ripped open the envelope to present a shiny sheet of paper which held the words: Library and Pass. Library Pass. This meant that Prof. Cotton had sympathy for Hamish and I and is allowing us to read for punishment, our favourite; well my favourite at least. Roark began to leave but stopped and said, "You missed Muggle studies, Hamish. We tested our paper mache air balloons and ours stayed up the highest. Molly and Rosemary's balloon burned! It was hilarious. And Joey, Graham and Udai's flew into the Whomping Willow. Oh and -" "Silence! You can leave now!" The whole room shook and Roark's glasses fell off in fright. I stuck my tongue out at the teacher. Who did he think he was… replacing the headmaster position at Hogwarts? I got out of my chair to pick up Roark's large square glasses when the office door opened with a loud thud as the door swung and nearly broke off on its hinges. It was Spike and Red in suit jackets with big grins on their face. "Spencer and Redford, thank you for retrieving the naughty youngsters that thought they could tear around Hogwarts with no care in the world! I'll be sure to add this on your records and community service hours." The teacher spoke so sweetly that I felt like puking. "Always happy to help bring justice to Hogwarts," Spike said. "It's the best school in the entire world. We must do our job to set a good example to the bad behaved kids," Red added, winking to tease Hamish. "Oh shut up that's a bunch of bull-" "NONE of that language on school property!" The teacher interrupted. I groaned being so frustrated that we were being constantly silenced by this little wizard with ginger hair. "Why don't you two take the rest of tomorrow off-" "Really?" Hamish and I said together in excitement. "What - NO! No, no, no of course not you! I was talking to Spencer and Redford which you should admire as all-star students. Jacob and Hamish, you are to report to the library immediately for detention, here is a pass," She handed us the long sleeve of paper as our library pass. "Spencer and Redford, I am honoured to decorate you both with medals for the outstanding achievement award as students." Spike and Red then stood tall and proud as medals were placed on their formal attire. Hamish and I were just walking out the door when the bullies intercepted our path. Hamish frowned. "Hey!" He said angrily but Spike just grinned slyly. "We'd be happy to escort them there - just to be sure they don't run off again," Spike said to the supervising teacher who looked up from writing. I gulped knowing we were in for it. "I think we can manage on our own, thank you very much!" Hamish said standing his ground. "That's right we-" I began to say but was cut off. "What an excellent idea," the teacher chirped. "You've really outdone yourself this time. 50 points for Slytherin. You've gone above and beyond Spencer." Hamish and I tried to argue but it was no use. I wouldn't be surprised if we ended up in the hospital wing tomorrow. We all walked out of the office followed closely behind by Spike and Red. "And now," Spike said whispering and closing the office door, it slammed. "The fun begins... " A/N Copyright disclaimer: I do not own any rights to the music provided in links and they are separate from this story. They belong to their respectful owners. No copyright infringement intended. They are provided their to enhance the storytelling and for entertainment purposes only. Next episode (chapter) I am going to put the the musical motifs at the bottom of the story as placing them at the top might spoil the episode.