Edric allowed him to stew a little before reply; "Lord Blackwell of Wiltshire." Edric could see the greed lighting up the fat muggles beady eyes. Perhaps this would be easier than he had first believed. Usually Harry wasn't afraid of the dark, just afraid of what would happen to him if the Dursleys forgot about him. Now, however… the darkness was oppressive and heavy. He could feel everything far more acutely. From the hairs on his neck rising, to the sharp stinging in his back from where his uncle had beaten him. The silence and the darkness made the made his sense of touch that much more uncomfortable. Harry could hear the adults talking about something. Whatever it was Harry knew his uncle was excited. He could hear the difference in their voices. Aunt Petunia's voice became higher and it sounded like she was speaking out of her nose. Vernon's voice became deeper and it sounded like he was talking through a large inhale. Harry usually found it quite funny, but today he was just too tired. He could feel his eyes becoming heavier and his breath slowing. He knew what was happening. He was dying. Harry wasn't stupid or optimistic. He knew what Vernon had done and he knew why. He understood that Vernon had gone too far and nothing could help him short of magic. But magic didn't exist. As Harry's heart beat slower and slower, his magic was growing. What Harry didn't know was that magic had saved him. When Vernon had beaten him for the first time his magic had saved him. When he had been left at home for two weeks with no food or water, his magic had saved him. Just as magic was saving him now. It twisted itself into his wounds, trying to seal the skin and clot the blood. From where Harry had hit his head, tiny wisps of magic were subconsciously directed to form protective mesh around the cracks in his skull. The burns on Harry's hands were being used to strip away the damaged tissue, while magic worked at repairing the nerve damage. But as the tiny wisps of magic worked. Harry's magical core grew brighter from the stress the tiny subconscious was put under. The core grew brighter until it lit up Harry's aura and became a visible dot of light, just under Harry's skin. Edric slowly became aware of a magical presence as he spoke with Vernon of his missing Lord. He could feel the magic growing and pulsing in the air, making the air itself heavy and almost difficult to breath. He could see Vernon beginning to sweat and gasp from the lack of pure air. He too had to pause for a deep breath and to take a sip of the offered tea. Finally the magic grew almost unbearable. "May I ask to see the boys?" Vernon puffed himself out further and called for Dudley. Apparently not hearing the plural. Dudley lumbered down the stairs. He stood in front of Edric while Edric stared at Vernon piercingly. Finally he coughed and rephrased. "I want to see all the boys in the household Mr Dursley." Vernon almost flinched before sneering and lying unconvincingly; "There are no other boys in this household sir." "I am afraid that you are quite wrong about that Mr. Dursley. In fact I can feel his magic from here." Petunia and her husband grew very pale at the word "magic". Petunia held her breath while Vernon let all of his out. They stared at each other in a tense, uneasy silence. Finally Edric grew tired of the charade and stood to his full height and allowed some of his aura to leak out and mingle with the already suffocating magic in the air. "Let me make this very simple for you muggle. I have come for Harry Potter and I will not be kept from him a moment longer. You have hidden him somewhere, but he wants to be found. His magic needs him to be found. Now tell me… where is he?" Dudley was the first to break and all but wailed the location of his cousin. "He's in the pantry. Dad put him there after he was finished punishing him!" Edric pulled his wand on the small fat boy, who squealed like a pig and ran from the room crying. Edric turned his wand on Vernon next, who was still in the process of turning a sickly shade of purple. "You had no right to lay a hand on Harry Potter. None. If you have lain your hands on the Potter heir in violence and mistreatment this pleasant and normal life of yours will vanish so quickly you won't even realize you had it ." Petunia grew weak in her legs and sank down onto the nearby couch shaking and pasty white in fear. "Now. Show me where he is!" Vernon stumbled and slowly began to move. Edric was led to a small door in the side of the kitchen; the pantry sank into the ground shallowly, calling for a deep step down into the cemented floor. The only light in the room was that spilling in from the kitchen and the, now, visible aura of magic. The wild magic in the room knocked the breath from Edric's lungs. He could barely make out a small white dot – seemingly floating in the centre of a white aura. The magical light loosely outlined Harry's blood covered body. "What have you done to him?" Edric hissed. Quickly he rushed to the body of his missing Lord. The cuts were healing, but not fast enough. Without professional help, Harry Potter would die. Edric picked Harry up – ' Too light. Too small.' – and with barely a second thought, apparated away from the house. Just as his boots hit the ground in the lobby of St. Mungos he noticed that Harry was no longer breathing, and he couldn't feel a pulse. TBC