his courage in the past year, claiming to be grateful for the forgiveness that Harry had shown the Ministry that, oddly, Harry had no memory of actually giving. However, Harry had now had enough experience with the Ministry to know that this behavior would not last. Sooner or later the Ministry would make a move. He didn't know if it was going to be against him, or if they would try to gain control over him in some way but in those early morning hours as he listened to Dudley's arrhythmic snores as the dawn lightened into day, he knew that he needed to be prepare himself for an almost evitable confrontation at some point. Despite the smallness of the room, it took quite a while to get everything in order. The room was even more cluttered than usual because the Dursleys had taken to using it once again as 'Dudley's Second Bedroom'. Dudley had progressed in the field of boxing, becoming an interschool champion. Scouts from University had even been coming to see him and seeing as Dudley had next to no chance of being accepted on his academics, Petunia and Vernon were thrilled that he was an 'athlete'. Harry's already tiny bedroom was now even more crowded with a treadmill and a punching bag. Dudley came in for about two hours a day to exercise, his expression growing darker at the growing mess of the room. Strangely Dudley had said nothing, even as the stale air in the room had begun to grow musty. Dudley would knock on the door and Harry would obediently leave for the duration of his workout, finding it too much effort to argue unnecessarily. In fact lately Harry had found that he could pass whole days without uttering a single word to the Dursleys. He was enjoying the quiet. Now the room was fresher and the fact that the bed was actually made up, made the room look slightly less claustrophobic. It had taken longer than Harry had thought it would, as much due to his unusual thoroughness as it was to the size of the mess. But as Harry finished almost two hours later he realized that for the first time in as many days he was actually hungry. And it was with this thought in mind he made the decision to do something he had never done before- willingly volunteer to make breakfast for himself and the Dursleys. And after that… well it was time that Harry earned the respect his parents had seemed to have for him in his 'dream'. He was not going to give up, and for once he was even going to be prepared. It was a new day and for the first time in ages, Harry was looking forward to it. Extended Author's Note: I promise long author notes are going to be common as I know many find them annoying but I figured I would give everyone an idea of what to expect so that you can decide if this a story you want to invest your time in because the outline of it is rather long. This story takes place during Harry's 6 th year and the summer preceding it. It will feature a strong and rather independent Harry but with an attempt to keep the character as canon as possible. He will not be super-powered magically nor will he suddenly have all the right answers or develop never seen before genius. I intend to make him focused on fulfilling the prophesy but he will make mistakes, be a teenager and perhaps fall in love a time or two. The main plot will follow two different but intersecting threads. Harry balancing his life as a normal teenager with his friends and school and Harry stepping into a larger role in the war than was shown in HBP. There will also be a developing relationship with Snape. However - this is not a story about how Snape is really a nice guy or Draco has been a secret good guy along. This story is honestly a bit of flip on the general "Snape mentors Harry" trope which I find flawed on a rather fundamental level, despite some really well written stories about it. Snape is a great character, but pretty much a terrible person. He's so emotionally stunted that he basically a perpetual adolescent that has spent years bullying 11 year olds because he is still not over a grudge he holds against two dead men. The apparently widely belief that Harry would benefit from Snape's guidance (and in many cases Dumbledore and the rest of the Hogwarts staff go to rather outrageous lengths to orchestrate this relationship) is actually rather disturbing to me. As is the idea that Harry should forgive everything Snape has ever done or said the minute Snape first calls him by his first name in a story. At 16 I find Harry to be a more reasonable and not to mention a compassionate and better adjusted person than Severus ever manages to be and I wanted to write a story in which it Snape that benefits from Harry's 'guidance' so to speak rather than the other way around. That is not to say that Harry will have all of the answers, nor will be at all gracious when it comes to dealing with Snape. I want the relationship to be a slow burn- both sides pretty much hate each other and both are notoriously stubborn. Needless to say this far from a Snape adopts Harry story. Love interests: He's sixteen so a girlfriend does not necessarily mean that it will end up happily ever after. I want Harry to date around, experience the perils of first love and find it again- but there won't be multiple relationships at one time and No Slash. ***This is the first story I'm posting up so I would appreciate advice or criticism but please be respectful and keep in mind that I'm crier ;)