he worked. Marge was already red in the face at that point. So was Vernon. She had already had a few glasses of wine. "Oh, go on, Vernon. Excellent pie, Petunia. It's normally a fry-up for me for an evening, with twelve dogs to look after…" She burped loudly. Danielle tried her best not to look disgusted, but it probably didn't work. She never had good poker faces. "Pardon me. But I do like to see a healthy-sized boy. You'll be a proper-sized man, Dudders, like your father. Yes I'll have a spot more brandy, Vernon. Now, this one here – " Harry's stomach clenched. Dani, start talking to me now. His twin immediately straightened. Major's getting on really well today. "This one's got a mean, runty look about him. His sister's the same way. I had Colonel Fubster drown one last year. Ratty little thing it was. Weak. Underbred." Is he? Who fed him today? He clenched his teeth, trying his best not to listen to Aunt Marge, but it was difficult. "It all comes down to blood, as I was saying the other day. Bad blood will out." Tori and I did- "Now, I'm saying nothing against your family, Petunia-" -Major really seems to like ham- "-but your sister was a bad egg." -a lot better than turkey. "They turn up in the worst of families." You have to remember this in the future- "Then she ran off with a wastrel and here're the results right in front of us." -the next time you feed him. Wait, what did she say? Dani held silent, no longer trying to drown out Aunt Marge. "This Potter, you never told me what he did?" All three of the Dursleys exchanged tense glances. "He – didn't work," Uncle Vernon finally said. "Unemployed." "That's not true!" Dani blurted. "He was a police officer. He and Mom were respectable people. But then the car crash…" "You Americans," Aunt Marge scoffed. She took another swig of brandy. "Your accents are horid, and your lies are worse. Your father was a no-good scoundrel who-" "He wasn't!" the twins shouted in unison as they stood. Harry's teeth were clenched so hard they hurt. There was a strange ringing in his ears. Dani's fists were balled up so tight she was drawing blood from her palms. Aunt Marge swelled with anger… but she didn't stop there. Her stomach kept expanding, buttons popping from her shirt. Her fingers bloated, and they looked more like sausages. Her mouth stretched across her face. Her chair fell apart, and she started to float to the ceiling. "NOOOOOOOO!" Uncle Vernon screamed. He jumped up and dashed with amazing speed over to Aunt Marge. He turned to face the twins, fury in his eyes. "This was your fault!" he roared. He brought his fist across Harry's face. The boy fell back against his chair and onto the ground. He gingerly touched his bruising eye. Danielle knelt next to him. His new glasses had snapped at the bridge. Anger sparked within her stomach. She reached into her pocket for her wand when she realized it was in her trunk underneath the stairs. WHAM! White-hot pain spread throughout her cheek. She smelled alcohol. Uncle Vernon was drunk. She touched the area and felt something hot and sticky on her fingers. She felt it again in her stomach. "We should never have taken you in!" Vernon shouted. He turned on Harry and punched him in the ribs. Dani felt a sharp tingling in the same area. She knew it was from her connection with Harry. Harry hit the wall and slumped against it. He didn't stir. "Vernon, stop it!" Petunia shrieked. Vernon raised a chair over his head. Danielle raised her arms. If only she could remember how to make a shield! She brought her right arm in front of her face as Vernon threw the chair. Excruciating pain filled her arm. She fell against the table. Pain filled her head. Everything was so blurry. A large black mass stood in front of her. Major! "Major… move…" she managed to mumble. Was it her imagination, or did the form change? Everything turned black. A ragged-looking man stood protectively in front of the twins. "How dare you, Dursley?" he muttered darkly. From his tattered robes, he pulled Harry's wand. Vernon squealed and jumped away. Petunia and Dudley cowered behind him. "You're him !" Petunia gasped. "You're-" "Yeah. I know. Now, these two are never coming back here. You have mistreated and malnourished them. Say good-bye to them. Now!" he barked. The Dursleys exchanged glances and stared at the prone forms of Harry and Danielle. "I'm sorry," Petunia whispered. There was something in her eyes that no one could place. Vernon grunted. Dudley whimpered. "Obliviate!" the man shouted at each of them in turn. Their gazes turned unfocused as they fell to the ground, unconscious. He pointed his wand at Marge and did the same to her. Once finished, he looked at the twins. "I'm so sorry," he murmured. "I'm so sorry." He dashed to the cupboard under the stairs and found their trunks where Danielle had said they'd be. Then he climbed the stairs and into their room and gathered their other things in their trunks. He didn't care where they went, so long as their belongings were together. He searched under the floorboards and found various books and tossed them in the trunks. He shrank the trunks and stuffed them in his pocket. When the man re-entered the kitchen, no one had stirred. That's good. He took Danielle's crescent moon necklace and touched the indention. He remembered when she did it frequently in her seventh year. He watched as his entire form disappeared. He grabbed the twins' hands, turned on the spot, and vanished. A/N: Alrighty, the first chapter to the next installment! And for those of you who don't know yet, I completely edited the first two chapters of Twists in Time and edited other chapters.