over, as I said, I'm no fool, but then another idea was presented to me. Apparently twins, if the bond is strong enough, can come back as ghosts until the other twin dies. They tested mine and Georgie's bond and what do you know, it kicked butt. I'm tied to him until death, but it could be worse, I miss him." "Why are you here?" Ginny asked. "It's been hell at home, we've all been grieving you and you've just been here." "Couldn't," Fred shrugged, "I'm tied to the place of my death until George comes and we're reunited. McGonagall offered to send him an owl, but I held her off. I didn't want to rush anything and then when McGonagall told me that he was coming back when term started, well, I figured we'd be reunited soon enough." "I… I…" Ginny faltered, "I missed you, Fred. …I wish I could hug you right now." Fred chuckled darkly, "well, there'll be none of that, but I'm just as alive as I once was, I got all my brains. It's kinda cool actually. I can sneak up on people, go through walls, McGonagall can't even punish me because I'm dead. It's awesome. I've definitely been giving Peeves a run for his money. …Oh, Ginny, don't cry over me. I'm okay, really." Ginny sunk to her knees and I went down with her, holding her to me. "It hurts too much," she whispered, "I didn't think I'd ever get to see him again and now he's here. What will the other's think? I don't want them to feel this way too." "This is a good thing," I said, remembering how happy, but bittersweet seeing my parents and uncles had made me feel. "Fred hasn't doomed himself, he's just here until George dies. It's pretty brilliant actually." "Thanks, Harry," Fred said, "I knew someone would see the brilliance of it. Now, I don't want to interrupt your visit or anything, but could you maybe tell George I'm here. I thought I could wait, but seeing you two… I just want to go home." "Of course," I said, "I'll use the floo network." I stood up and Ginny stayed kneeling. "I'll be back," I told her. As I left them, I let what this meant settle and it had me smiling. Fred was back and I knew once the Weasleys got over their initial shock, they'd be happy too. I passed by McGonagall on the way and she smiled at me, nodding her head. I nodded back and went to her old office. The floo powder was already waiting for me. I took a handful and threw it in the fire. This was an important task. I took a couple of deep breaths before stepping into the flames. "The Burrow." I arrived, panting and sweating because of the enormity of this. What if George didn't come? What if they questioned me? What if this failed? I stepped out of the flames and everyone's eyes were on me. I found George sitting in the corner, his eyes completely sunken and lifeless. "George," I said, picking up a handful of floo powder. His eyes met mine. "Come on, mate," I said. He looked at me warily for a second before numbly standing up and making his way over to me. He didn't say anything, or question me. I threw the powder in the fire and wrapped my arm around George, stepping into the flames. I said my destination as quietly as I could, not wanting to spook George or alert the others to our destination. Fred and George needed to do this alone. George stiffened when we arrived, I knew he didn't want to be here. I still didn't say anything, it would be simpler to show him. I led the way towards the great hall, keeping my arm wrapped around him. Ginny was still on the ground, but she was sitting cross-legged and she seemed calmer. Everything would be alright. "Ginny," George said, his voice weak from lack of use, "are you okay?" "Oh, I see how it is," Fred said, "I get Harry to fetch you and all you care about is Ginny, I see some things never change." "F-Fred," George said, turning to face him. "Yeah, mate, it's me." George broke down, staring at Fred. "I knew you wouldn't leave me, I knew it." I went over to Ginny and helped her up, wanting to give the twins some privacy. "We'll meet you back at the Burrow," I told them, walking away. I led Ginny towards McGonagall's old office. "Are you done here?" Ginny asked. "No," I said and she stopped to look at me, "but that's okay," I said, "we have our whole seventh year to work everything out." Ginny and I took the floo network back to the Burrow and Mrs. Weasley looked at us anxiously, before staring back at the fire. "Where's George?" she asked. "He'll be back soon, Mom," Ginny said. I went over to an empty seat on the couch and pulled Ginny onto my lap, waiting for the twins to return. "You seem better," Ron said, "have a good trip." "Yeah." I smiled at him. The flames changed color and we all looked towards them. "George, thank god," Mrs. Weasley said immediately, standing up. "I'm not George," Fred said, stepping out of the flames in all of his ghost glory, "he is." George appeared in the fire behind Fred. "And you call yourself our mother," he said, his voice breaking. Everyone was in a state of shock. "Oh, Mom," Fred said, floating towards her, "I'm home, it's okay, I'm home now." A/N: This is my first Hinny fic :) I also just started a Wolfstar (Sirius/Remus) fic called Remy and Russ , so if you like that pairing, you should check that one out too Be sure to let me know what you think and whether or not this is worth continuing -no account needed to review