he's not the greatest at thinking in the middle of the night and he realises how ridiculous his question is. "Couldn't sleep." "Me too." Malfoy shrugs and Harry wants to relax into the sofa but his body is automatically tense around the Slytherin beside him; it's impossible to relax. He's not used to being alone with him, he doesn't particularly want to be alone with him because he doesn't trust him but if he leaves now, he'll either look suspicious or pathetic. Harry doesn't like either of those. "Do you come here every night?" Harry questions, watching as Malfoy pulls a joint out of his pocket and lights it. Harry wonders whether Seamus has any idea that his things are being stolen by his roommate but Harry also knows Seamus and these days, Seamus wouldn't be quick to pick a fight with anyone even if he had reason to. Malfoy looks like he's thinking over a reply as he takes a drag and blows the smoke towards the fire; Harry watches as it floats up into the air before disappearing. "Most nights." He decided against whatever sarcastic answer he was planning on giving and Harry is relieved; calm Malfoy is someone he's definitely not used to but he's much more manageable. The silence is welcome to Harry; there's nothing but the sound of the fire and the occasional deep intakes of breath as Malfoy smokes. It's comfortable and Harry, while not completely relaxed, finds he doesn't have to constantly be watching the blonde from the corner of his eye. He thinks maybe Malfoy is just as reluctant to get into a fight than Harry is himself. Until he speaks. "I'm not selfish." The voice breaks the silence and while there's not that usual snarl in his tone, Harry knows better than to dismiss Malfoy when he's caught up on something. "What?" "What you said the other night. That I don't do anything for the sake of other people or whatever. You're wrong." Harry rubs his forehead with the tips of his fingers as the words resonate through his head; what the hell does he want? Harry can't imagine a single reason why Malfoy would want to prove Harry wrong on this; why should he even care what Harry thinks? "Just forget it; I was just angry, that's all." Harry's tone is defeated and while he doesn't necessarily mean what he's saying, he's trying his absolute best to not say the wrong thing. "No, shut up." Malfoy's voice is sharp and insistent and Harry looks at him slightly wide-eyed as he stares back. "I need you to understand. You think you know everything because you're Harry Potter and how could you possibly be wrong about something? You are wrong." "Look, Malfoy, I don't care. I don't know why you care so much. But just drop it." I need you to understand. Why the fuck does he need understanding? Harry doesn't think he'll ever be able to understand why Malfoy did the things he did. Harry doesn't think he ever wants to. "I don't care, Potter." He does care. Harry gotten to know him well enough over the years to know that scowl and slight flare of his nostrils means he definitely cares. "I'd just like you to know that I tried to help the people I cared about and I lost people too; a lot of people died that shouldn't have. Just because we were on different sides doesn't make you better." And Harry thinks briefly that maybe he'd be right. Maybe if the 'different sides' didn't mean Malfoy had joined Voldemort, Harry could consider the fact that they aren't so dissimilar. But they aren't. He sighs deeply before speaking again. "You brought it on yourself, if you hadn't joined Voldem-" "Fuck you." "-what?" Harry cuts of his own sentence as he hears Malfoy's voice in the background and he thinks he heard him right but he's not entirely sure. "I said fuck you." But the voice isn't angry and Harry notices the way his eyes are glazed over though he's entirely sure that it's because of the drugs and nothing else. "You have no fucking right to judge whose deaths are worth mourning or not. So fuck you." "So all those Death Eaters that killed innocent kids, the ones who tortured people for the fun of it didn't deserve to die? You think they deserve a funeral with people crying and a nice little flower arrangement on their tomb?" Now it's Harry turn to be angry and he feels rage burning inside him because of course he has the right. His friends died, people lost their families, he lost his godfather because of this fucking war and the people who caused it deserved everything that came to them. "Some people deserve death, of course they do and they deserve to rot. We're talking about innocents, the ones caught in the crossfire." Lavender. Colin. Names rush through Harry's head so fast he has to close his eyes for a second. "Because there were people on both sides that didn't want to fight and they died anyway and you have such a one-track mind that you can't see things in anything other than black and white. There's more to life than good and evil, Potter. Don't be so fucking dense." Harry wonders if Malfoy considers himself one of the people who deserve death; he did choose to become a Death Eater, he acted as a catalyst for this war by helping the enemy into Hogwarts. "Good and evil is the only way you can look at things when you're in the middle of a war. There's no grey area when someone could kill you just like that." "The war's over, Potter." Malfoy sounds thoroughly fed up by this point and honestly, Harry is getting there too. He thinks that they're both too stubborn to ever let themselves understand the other's view. Or at least Harry is. "Everything is a grey area now."