never seen him so broken before and she's not used to being the one who has to stay strong. But he blinks away the tears. "I- I had to break up with her. I'm too scared he'll use it against me so I sent her an owl. How noble of me." Pansy rolls her eyes at his dry humour even at times like this but at least this is a way to get him to smile even if it's the tiniest amount. "Wow Draco, I hope you had the decency to at least use your best quill and take your time with the most elaborate handwriting." She teases and he gives a weak chuckle. "Actually, I scribbled it out at 2am in the dark so who knows what it looks like." A snort of laughter leaves Pansy's mouth at his words and his face seems to light up because even at times like this, she can always make him laugh. She's also gotten used to the idea of Draco and Astoria being together, almost. She spent the rest of fifth year purposely looking away from the two of them when Draco chose to sit with Astoria instead of her at meals, she spent way too many nights crying over it that she became numb to the idea and began to not feel anything when Draco cluelessly asked her for advice on relationships. As if she'd have the slightest idea, she'd always scoffed in her head. That's why she's not surprised by the sadness and pity she feels for Draco when finding out he had to leave the girl he loves so intensely that even Pansy can't pretend he doesn't anymore. She still loves Draco, she thinks she always will but she's not going to hold him back. It's her problem to deal with, not his. "When all this is over, you can explain it to her properly. She'll understand, I know it and then you can be happy." Draco's head is shaking in disagreement before she's even finished speaking. "I think you're the only person I want around when all this is over, Pans. The world is too complicated for being in love, friendship is more important." Pansy doesn't press the fact that she is in love with him and therefore his theory doesn't matter in the slightest to her. "When everything's done, we can be roommates and we'll rent a place and get good jobs and we won't need anyone else. Just me and you." Pansy's happy with that plan. He might not want to marry her, he might not even love her but that's the best she's going to get and she couldn't be more satisfied. x 14/10/2004 Hey Pans, I know we haven't spoken in a while and I was going to send you the same invite as everyone else but I thought you deserve a handwritten one (lucky). I asked Astoria to marry me! Can you believe it? I certainly can't! But we're getting married on the 14th of December and I'd love if you'd come to the wedding. It'll only be you, Blaise and Daphne from school but I miss you a lot and you're the only one I haven't seen since everything happened. I'll still send you the proper invitation so you know the dates and things but I just wanted you to know that I want you there more than I want any of the others really and it'd make me beyond happy. I do hope you can make it (mother says she misses you as well). Lots of love, your bestest friend (Draco in case you didn't already know). Xx "Incendio." Pansy mutters as she watches the parchment go up in flames, her heart heavy but she ignores it as she takes a puff of her cigarette. She's long past the point of being sad over Draco Malfoy, she did enough of that after the war. He was the one who chose not to reply to her letters, he was the one who didn't get into contact until now. Pansy spent many months waiting for his owl or even for him to turn up at her door with the keys to their place they were going to rent and that grin that she used to love so much but now she can't fully picture. We won't need anyone else. Just me and you. The words haunted her, they were the only things she could think of for such a long time as she clung onto the hope that he hadn't forgotten about her, he was just busy fixing himself after the war. But she saw him on the cover of the Prophet, he had a job at the Ministry, he attended events with Astoria on his arm and she washed away the bitter taste in her mouth with cigarette smoke; deciding that killing herself this way was much less painful that killing herself by pining after him. Because that's what she'd been doing all those years; following him around, being at his beck and call, letting him use her whenever he wished – those were all things that broke her bit by bit but she was too blinded by him to notice it until she was away from him. And Pansy spent hours contemplating whether she'd go to the wedding, she's read the letter hundreds of times but that only served to convince her that she can't possibly face him. Not after all this time. And it might upset him, she knows that, it won't be easy for him to get married without having his oldest friend there but Pansy has spent too much of her life going out of her way to keep Draco Malfoy happy. Pansy has had enough of pretending that she's going to get her happy ending. It's time for her to face reality and her reality is harsh and sometimes lonely but now this is the best she's going to get. Pansy is ready to accept that.