as close to me as you are now" "And what did I say?" Harry asked Both Katie and Demelza looked perplexed. This time it was Katie that spoke; "Well, you said; "You know I really love you and that Ginny Weasley is only something to keep me entertained while I am at school and finish my exams. Ginny Weasley doesn't mean anything to me but you do" and then you kissed her" Harry thought for a moment. "Did I definitely call her Ginny Weasley?" he asked. "Yes" they both answered. "And I definitely talked about my exams? "Yes" they both answered again. "And I did not say anything more?" "Well, you said something to her just as you were leaving, you said for her to meet you before lunch by the painting of the giant squid" "And you definitely did not recognize the girl?" "No" they both answered. "If that is all I want to thank you, you have given me several clues to work with. I swear that it was not me and that I will prove it" They were both taken aback with Harry's questions and started to wonder if either he was quite mad or just being put under a very elaborate prank. They both knew Harry had been in suspected of various things before but that he had always been proved to be right in the end. They left Harry and Hermione and felt a little less confident about what they had in fact witnessed two days earlier. Harry and Hermione stayed behind to discuss some of the new information that Katie and Demelza had given them. Harry was thinking fast but it was Hermione who spoke first; "Well we know for a fact that you never call Ginny her full name, especially when you are with friends" "Yes, I noticed that too" Harry said not knowing if he wanted to share what was really on his mind. "Hermione, have you ever seen a painting of a giant squid in the castle?" "No I can't say I have, have you?" "No" he said, trying to scan his brain. "What we really would need are Fred and George, they would know in an instant" he said without thinking. "Well I think for once we should be glad about that" Hermione said. "The less Weasley's for now the better if you know what I mean" "Right, didn't think about that" Harry said. "Come on, if we hurry we can still grab some lunch before transfiguration" she said grabbing Harrys arm and tugging him out of the classroom. Later that evening Harry returned to the common room and immediately went for the stairs to the dorms just wanting to be alone for a while. As he entered the dorms he saw Ron sitting on his bed, apparently waiting for him. "I thought you were my best mate" Ron said without any preamble. "And what do you mean by that? I am your best mate" Harry replied feeling that this conversation would not end well. "How could you hurt her?" he spat back. "Ron please listen, it wasn't me, I would never do anything like that to her and you know that" "No its never you is it? Its always someone else and never Harry bloody Potter. Who are you going to blame it on this time, Malfoy?" Harry shuffled his feet at this. "Well you have hurt her this time, she is really upset" Harry started pacing, angry with Ron for being such a git and at the same time sad that Ginny was upset. "You stay away from her, you hear. And you stay away from me" "Fine!" Harry shouted at Ron and he simply stormed off leaving Ron in the dorm. He was so mad he bolted down the stairs, across the common room and trough the portrait hole. He walked down the corridor muttering as he went. "Supposed to be my best friend, why doesn't he ever trust me?" Harry just walked not knowing where he was going and the minutes ticked by. It was now so late Harry didn't realize it was well after curfew. As he turned a corner he head voices and saw two figures in the end of the corridor. He froze, suddenly realizing he should not be out walking the corridors this late. He backed around the corner as fast and silent as he could. "Did you see something?" an all to familiar voice said. "Yes, I definitely saw something Professor" another familiar voice replied. Snape and Filch, Harry thought. He turned and ran as fast as he could. Down a set of stairs and in to a corridor. He saw light coming from the other side of the corridor, he was trapped. He turned again and bolted for the nearest door and slipped inside closing the door as silently as he could. He drew his wand and muttered a locking spell on the door. He tried to calm his breath as much as he could and at the same time listen at the door for the footsteps of Filch and Snape and the other staff member coming this way from the other end of the corridor. It appeared to be a small broom closet but it was to dark to really be sure and Harry had no intention of lighting up the tip of his wand to check. "A fine mess Ron has gotten me into this time" Harry breathed lowly. "Both my girlfriend and my best mate hate me for something I didn't do" he continued trying to peer through the keyhole. At this very moment he felt something pointy jab him sharply in the back and he gasped. "Be quiet or I will hex you into the next century!" someone hissed from the back of the broom closet. A/N: So who is it Harry stumbles upon in the broom closet? How will he prove to Ginny he didn't kiss anyone else? Please review and give me your ideas!