of the table ("Gryf-fin-dor! Gryf-fin-dor!"). When the entire Gryffindor table was chanting, there was a scattered reply from the Ravenclaw table in the same fashion ("Ra-ven-claw! Ra-ven-claw!"), with the Hufflepuff table splitting down the middle, half chanting with the red and gold, half with the blue and bronze; the Slytherin table, with one or two exceptions, cheered for Ravenclaw. When the teams made it to the end of the Hall, the Ravenclaws clapped for their fans, but the Gryffindors called for quiet, which the Hall quickly did. When they were silent, Harry stepped forward and said, "One more time for me! Gryf-fin-dor!" He then raised a fist into the air, whilst yelling, "Let's go Lions!" As he chanted, the Gryffindor supporters did, and there was mass cheering as Harry punched the air with finality. He then bowed and walked out of the Great Hall, leading the Gryffindor Quidditch team to the Hogwarts Pitch. "Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, pets and familiars!" yelled Lee Jordan through his enchanted megaphone. "I guess I could say 'Slytherins' – right, sorry Professor – forget I said that." The Gryffindor crowd laughed, as did some of the Hufflepuffs; some of the less malevolent Slytherins saw the humour behind his remarks. "Welcome to the final match of the season, of course before the Final to be played between Slytherin and the winner of this match. We saw Harry Potter's rousing moment for the crowd in the Great Hall, but will it be enough for the Gryffindor team, who will be playing their second match of the day today, to get the win they desperately desire? We will find out by the end of this match, and then there will be a two week break to give the winners of this match time to recuperate to play in the first Final that Hogwarts will be sanctioning." The crowd cheered, with only Slytherin not cheering, they jeered as it was mentioned that their opponents could recuperate. Before long though, Lee Jordan spoke again. "At the start of the day, Ravenclaw were in the driver's seat to play Slytherin in two weeks, but a marvellous showing from the Gryffindor squad saw them right back in the race, having beaten Hufflepuff 350-20. Today the starting Ravenclaw team will be Captain Roger Davies in Chaser, wearing number six. The Keeper with the number one shirt is Grant Page; the Beaters with numbers two and three respectively are Duncan Inglebee and Jason Samuels. The other Chasers, in the number four and five shirts are Jeremy Stretton and Randolph Burrow. Wearing the number seven is their Seeker, Cho Chang !" The Ravenclaw crowd cheered, as did half of the Hufflepuffs (the other half booed along with the Gryffindors), but the entire Slytherin House was united in their jeering for their possible opponents. "Leading the Gryffindors is the Keeper and Captain, in the number one shirt, is Oliver Wood. The twin menaces of Gryffindor, Fred and George Weasley, wear the numbers two and three as they take their role as Beaters. The Chasers are Harry Potter, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, who will wear the numbers four, five and six; the Gryffindor Seeker, wearing his signature number seven, is David Potter !" There was a loud jeering from the Slytherin crowd, half the Hufflepuffs booed with the Ravenclaws and half cheered, but all the noise was drowned out as the Gryffindor crowd started up their chanting, like they had at lunch, and didn't show any signs of stopping. "As always, the Captains shake hands, and Madam Hooch releases the balls, and we have what is sure to be an entertaining game of Quidditch!" "Oh and a glancing blow to the back of the head for Angelina Johnson, and the Gryffindor Chaser is down!" yelled Lee Jordan as Angelina fell 10 metres onto the hard turf of the Hogwarts Quidditch Pitch. "It looks like Gryffindor will be forced to take a timeout here after they get possession of the Quaffle. Ravenclaw scores as Wood goes the wrong way, it's Gryffindor leading Ravenclaw 60-40." Wood took a timeout, which gave Madam Pomfrey time to get Angelina off the pitch. "Alright Lions," said Wood simply. "We're down a staring Chaser and I don't think she'll be back before the Slytherin game. Bell, you're the most experienced reserve so I want you flying with Potter and Spinnet. Hooch is calling us over so quickly, huddle. Gryffindor on three: one, two, three – GRYFFINDOR !" The crowd roared with the team as they flew back onto the Pitch to restart the game. "Wood's made a bold choice here," stated Jordan. "He's brought on a Chaser whose only experience in a Hogwarts match was this morning's match against Hufflepuff, but given the circumstances, it may work." Katie heard, however, and decided that she was going to be a nasty back; the next time she got the Quaffle, she ditched it at Jordan and quite loudly apologised because she had only played in the Hufflepuff match, causing the corners of McGonagall's mouth to turn upwards. To prove a point, she scored three goals without opposition to make it 90-40 for Gryffindor. That was when things got heated very quickly, David was smashed by a Bludger out of nowhere and Chang was gaining on the Snitch. Harry did the only thing he could and conceded a foul for blocking the Seeker in their pursuit; David got up quickly and then caught the Snitch, which made the score 240-50 and the match had ended before anybody could actually comprehend what had happened. Then as though a dam had been opened, the Gryffindor crowd made a whole lot of noise as the Gryffindor team flew a lap around the stadium, and then the jeering from the Slytherin crowd grew louder, to unfathomable levels. Gryffindor was in the very first Final for the Hogwarts Quidditch Cup. Well, tell me what you think. Criticism is welcomed, but please no flames, they'll just be deleted. DefinitelySlytherin