anything for a girl." "Oh, good. Go and choke." Sirius let out a howl of laughter, throwing his head back so the mop of curly waves nearly bashed into a poor second year behind him. Remus was trying to hide his grin, he was always careful to not get on anyone's bad side whereas Peter didn't try and stifle his giggling next to Isabelle. It took several moments for the boys to stop attempting to poke fun at them, James deciding to target Lily once again. "Will you do me a favour and leave me alone, you prat!" Lily screeched. Sirius let out a howl, pushing through Amelia and Alice then sprinting off up the stone steps with the rest laughing behind him. "God, I hate him. Them . Ugh!" Lily cried. Looking at Evans, Isabelle offered a grimace. Their entire education had been victim to listening to Sirius and James being so vulgarly obnoxious and cruel to nearly every student they could get their hands on. She couldn't wait for the day she no longer heard Black's voice laughing or shouting down her ear. The group of four were usually together, if not then it was James and Sirius. They caused the most trouble, constantly exasperating the boundaries of the school rules and bullying everyone just to get a laugh out of anyone near by. There was a bustle of noise as the rest of the faculty moved to get to the stairs, a couple of the ghouls and ghosts drifted overhead; their feet swiping through the hair of students so they shivered. There was a pop and a little man with wicked dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross-legged in the air, holding an abundance of what appeared to be slime balls. Isabelle didn't take a moment to hesitate when she realised it was Peeves the Poltergeist hovering the entrance hall door. She shoved her way through the crowd with Lily directly behind her in an effort to escape what ever merciless prank the creature had planned. "Oooooooh!" he said, with an evil cackle. "Ickle firsties! What fun!" "Oh, Merlin. If he comes near my new hair with all that... I don't know what it is, but if he comes near me, I'll kill that foul thing!" Isabelle would've usually reminded Marlene that Peeves wasn't actually alive or dead, he was just a corporeal thing that came with the castle. She used to admit to herself that if Peeves had once been a boy who was brutually murdered in the building then she would have felt quite sorry for him. However, Peeves hadn't spawned from the spirit of someone who'd died, he was a pesky little beast with no respect for anyone. In her second and fourth year, he'd dumped a jug of hot sewage water on her head whilst she was minding her business in the library. It splattered all over her books and left her mortified. As they reached the stairs, a rough hand grabbed Isabelle's arm. She looked up in surprise which was soon soothed when she realised it was only Ali. The tall Hufflepuff had a smile which flashed pearly white teeth. She looked up at his messy red hair and pushed her cheek against his chest. Ali always smelt of lemongrass and butter. It was the smell of Escargots de Bourgogne , a traditional french dish which his parents were obsessed with cooking and sending to him in the post. "Hello, gorgeous," he said. Isabelle smiled at his voice, the same way she had for the last two years. "I tried to look for you on the train," she said. "But I couldn't find you anywhere." Alistair laughed lightly and said: "No, well, I was with the Hufflepuffs." Smiling warmly, she asked about his summer, having not seen him once and only receiving a handful of letters. He told her about his holiday to Morocco and she listened intently. They reached the top of the stairs. "I have to go. I'll catch you later," he kissed her cheek and she gave him a sad smile. "Tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow." Ali ruffled a hand through his hair and sorted out his Hufflepuff robes. With a grin, he said, "sure you will." References Made in the Chapter: - Laurence Binyon's For The Fallen was an inspiration for the sorting hat's song, as well as the first song from Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone . - The Lion's Jaw - interpreted from an Aesop Fable called the Dog and the Fox which is about the two creatures discovering the body of the lion and then rip it apart (slightly gruesome I am sorry) but the moral is quite symbollic. - Millicent Gygars - a half-troll student, her last name is inspired by the Scandinavian myth of a Jötnar (an ugly troll who lived in the mountains and turned to stone in the sunlight). A female Jötnar is known as a Gygjar. - Frances Burney's novel Evelina is what Isabelle cannot wait to read; an amazing piece of literature I love and recommend, tell me what you think of it if you've read it as well! - The Giant Squid's name 'Solomon' is Hebrew for evoking wisdom and peace, quite fitting for an old creature in the grounds of Hogwarts. - When Alistair says "Hello, gorgeous," I wrote it with Tom and Jas from Angus Thongs and Perfect Snogging! (the scene where Tom says the same thing lol) - Aysgarth Falls is a triple flight waterfall in the Yorkshire Dales in England. (Extremely beautiful as I've seen them before!) Please review and let me know what you think! Please, please! Comment: - Hello everyone! Thank you for making it through chapter one, unless you got to the bottom and thought that it was rubbish, then I'm sorry! But I repeat, this is a slow-burn and there are minor details that are different (I'll always pick them out before a chapter) CARRY ON! x