cock to notice all those countless regulations that's killing small businesses." "I had nothing to do with that!" Percy protested. "I hate regulations too! I love a small government!" "Which is why you stood by and did nothing when the Ministry passed all those regulations," George said. "Shacklebolt was supposed to reduce the size of the government, don't you remember his speech? He said the only reason the Ministry got so corrupt in the last wizarding war was 'cause the government had gotten too big and powerful and the only way to stop that from happening again was a small government. But the Ministry had gotten too big and corrupt, the establishment wanted it to continue, and the Wizengamot and even Shacklebolt's own party turned on him, and they wouldn't work with him on anything; the Wizengamot wouldn't pass his bills, and judges kept overturning his executive orders, and Shacklebolt found out too late that the Minister doesn't run this country, the shadow government does." "I…I didn't know that!" Percy said. "I'm just his junior assistant!" "Your death would be a favour to Shacklebolt," George said angrily. "You'd just be one of the many he should've fired." "Not to mention it'd bring our misery to an end," Ron said. "While you enjoyed a cushy Ministry job, the rest of us endured horrors you couldn't even imagine. We had no joy, only misery, and the closest thing to the highlight of our lives was when Hermione was climbing her way to the top at the Ministry and she was rubbing elbows with the higher ups. She often went to their parties. I was never invited. She'd tell me about the mansions they were held at and the masks they'd wear, she'd name all the politicians and bankers and celebrities and socialites, even the Muggle ones. She also told me about their satanic rituals, and how the Muggle elites would sell their souls to Lucifer for magic and power, and she also mentioned how they'd sacrifice and cannibalize kids they kidnapped for youth and power, and she told me about the masked orgies. Even knowing what the elite got up to, she was still willing to climb the Ministry ladder to become Minister, and I divorced her, I couldn't be with someone who'd make a deal with the devil, and she would've taken everything I had, if I had anything worth taking. When the others found out, we started getting hopeful, so we started researching this kind of dark, ancient satanic magic, for a ritual to bring back the dead. Long story short, we found one…too bad for you, it needs a sacrifice." "Don't worry, Percy, it'll go to a good cause," Ginny said. "Trading Fred for you will be the best family decision we make, we'll have our dear brother back. It'll just be like the old times." "You're crazy!" Percy cried. "If you think an undead Fred would be just like the real thing! You think this'll solve all your problems? You think Molly and Arthur would be satisfied with that…abomination? You think Harry and Hermi— "Don't you fucking dare talk about Fred that way!" Ron shouted. "And for the record, we don't think sacrificing you for Fred will work," George said, and took out a black dagger. "We know it will." Ok, I think I'll end it there. I wanted to include the satanic ritual too, but it was getting too long. I think the rest of the chapters will be shorter. I've always wanted to write something like this, ever since I read the Deathly Hallows, I hated the fact Fred died, I was always thinking "why couldn't Percy die instead? why did Fred have to die? I liked Fred, Percy should've died instead, nobody likes him." Had I discovered fanfiction then, I would've written a "Fred lives, Percy dies" fic sooner. So I made a lot of changes to canon, I'll go over them in order. Percy's living in the Muggle world 'cause he wants a fresh start, y'know, away from all the mistakes he made. I think he'd do well in the Muggle world, 'cause his dad was into Muggle stuff, and he must've taught Percy a thing or two, so it's not implausible at all that he knows how to use a computer, and he taught himself how the Internet worked. He lives in a nice apartment, in a nice neighbourhood, he'd be considered well off in the Muggle world 'cause he'd have to trade gold galleons for paper money, and he makes more than enough with that. There's also a lot of Author Appeal, aka, writing what you like (as opposed to writing what you know), hence the references to Runescape, Stefan Molyneux, and it's why Penelope, Ginny, and the other Weasleys have gothic pale skin, and dress gothically. What can I say? I like the alternative, gothic, Hot Topic look, especially when it's combined with pale skin, blue eyes and black/red hair (blonde works too I guess). And it's why Ron has a fashy haircut, and it's why Ginny's subject to description porn (I have a weakness for redheads), and it's why Harry leaves her for Draco (I am a Drarry shipper for life), and it's why the Weasleys are preaching about small government. I also established that Muggles can get magic by selling their soul to Satan, 'cause JKR never explained how people got magic in the first place, it was genetic and passed down, but that doesn't answer the question of who had it first. So I came up with the explanation that you can become a wizard through a satanic ritual (not the same one you use to bring back the dead), and the magic you get will be passed down, but the souls of you and your children and your children's children will be damned to hell for all eternity (if Harry chose to board the train in limbo in Deathly Hallows, he would've found himself straight in Hell).