I'm making no sense." But Draco knew exactly what Harry meant. He'd had a similar revelation sometime in the past fifteen minutes. However, he chose not to say anything. Soon enough, though, Harry was talking again. "It was just… for the longest time, I've always been the one protecting everybody. Then you come along today being seriously overprotective," he paused just long enough to glare at Draco. Then his face softened. "It was actually a nice change. Then…" He was flushed with embarrassment. "Then, you took your hat off to give to me and your hair was blowing in the wind. And I don't know, something just sort of clicked in my mind. And I felt like kissing you, so I did." As embarrassed as he knew Harry was at admitting all of this, Draco couldn't help but snort in laughter. "My hair blowing in the wind? It must have looked horrible! That's really what did it for you, huh?" "It didn't look horrible…" Harry muttered, shyly. "Well, thank you Potter. I just hope you know it will never look like that again in this lifetime." It was Harry's turn to laugh. Draco was glad to see his embarrassment had ebbed a little. "I hope you know it's still not completely in place now, Mister Perfect Hair Malfoy." Draco scoffed and subconsciously raised his hands to his hair, trying to straighten it. He didn't miss the laughter in Harry's eyes. It was quiet until Harry spoke again. "Malfoy?" "Yes, Potter?" "You didn't kiss me back." "I didn't." "May I ask why not?" Draco could hear the hint of hurt in Harry's voice. He seemed unsure as to if he even wanted to hear Draco's answer. He buried his face in his knees, unwilling to meet Draco's eyes. Draco wanted to roll his eyes, but refrained despite the fact that Harry wouldn't have seen it anyway. "Don't take it personally, Potter. Your lips were practically frozen. Not exactly ideal for kissing. But really, I was much more concerned for your health. When I felt how cold you were, all I could focus on was getting you back here as soon as possible. Plus," he added, smirking, "I thought today wasn't a date." Draco's joking reference to their conversation from a week before didn't seem to make Harry feel any better. His eyes peered up at him, hesitantly, and Draco was once again struck by how very green they were. "Was that the only reasons you didn't?" "Well I might not have initially responded to it even if you weren't a human icicle." He paused, but quickly continued when those eyes were threatening to look away again, which that was the last thing Draco wanted. "Only because I was surprised by it. Not in a bad way. Like you, I only really had a… realization of sorts within the past half hour or so." After an excruciating amount of time, which really wasn't that long but to Draco it felt like an eternity, Harry lifted his head from his knees. A nervous smile appeared on his face. "Can I try it again? I promise my lips are a healthy temperature now." Harry said. Draco couldn't help but laugh again in the same way he had when they first started their walk to Hogsmeade. Without answering, Draco turned to face him. He leaned forward and pressed his lips gently against Harry's. It was completely different from their first kiss. This time, Harry's lips were warm and soft, although still slightly chapped. He was completely still, not shaking them both as he had before. Plus, this kiss lasted longer than their first three second one. Neither pulled away after the initial simple touching of their lips. When Harry gave no indication that he wanted to stop, Draco took the initiative to bring one of his hands to the back of Harry's neck, pulling him closer. Draco felt, more than heard, Harry moan softly and happily into his mouth. Draco's other hand came up to gently caress Harry's cheek, which was now flushed for reasons completely unrelated to the outside temperature. Their lips parted to deepen the kiss as Harry placed one hand on Draco's knee. His other hand made its way over Draco's forearm, past his elbow, up his bicep and onto his shoulder. Draco couldn't stop thinking about Harry. How good kissing him felt. It was slow and sweet and tender, but at the same time more passionate than anything Draco had ever experienced. He was so wrapped up in the moment that before he realized what was happening, Harry pulled back slightly, grinning against his lips. The hand that had been on Draco's shoulder was now in his hair, roughly messing it up. Draco grabbed Harry's hand as soon as he realized what the Gryffindor was doing, and pulled it away from his normally immaculate hair. He gasped before he growled, "I was enjoying that, you bastard." Harry had that adorable, crooked half smile on his face. "How sweet. I thought you might be a bit more worried about your hair though. I just wanted to see it in its not so perfect state, just one more time." His innocent smile transformed into a wicked grin. "Oh, you are dead, Potter." Draco warned just a second before pouncing on Harry. He wasn't mad at all about his hair. All he cared about was getting to kiss Harry again. So, he did, only a little harder this time. Harry continued to laugh even as they kissed and it was music to Draco's ears. He didn't want to stop. After some time, Harry pulled away and declared, "You know, I still expect you to buy me the entire Honeydukes store." Draco smirked playfully. "Whatever you say." Hell, he'd agree to just about anything if it meant he could continue to kiss Harry. He got his wish as Harry grinned and pressed their lips together once again. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- Please let me know what you think!