sighed before grabbing Draco close in a tight embrace. Draco stiffened as he allowed the other man to hug him. The confusion filling his brain was unceasing. Why was Harry hugging him? "Harry?" "I'm sorry." "What do you mean?" "I am sorry I couldn't protect you Draco. I have been beating myself up for days and I couldn't help but think you deserve someone so much better than me. I tried to stay away like I suspected you wanted . . . I just can't. I have wanted you for so long. Draco . . ." Draco stared confused into Harry's worried expressive eyes. In that moment his worries vanished. His brave stupid man. He had never been angry at Harry. After all he was the one that hadn't wanted Harry to go alone, despite knowing that as soon as something happened, a fully trained Auror team would swoop into save whoever was hurt. He was the one that hadn't been able to let Harry go. He couldn't let the man that he loved go with some crazy person that liked to cut people up. He opened his mouth to tell Harry exactly that when Harry kissed him. His eyes rolled back and he closed his eyes. Harry's soft slightly rough lips were pressed against his in the most knee-weakening way. Draco couldn't help but respond by sliding his tongue up against the yielding seam of Harry's lips. The vibration of Harry's moan pulled him in further. In an instant he felt his desire ignite, and he knew that he was going to get what he had been longing for, for months. *Start of Mature scene* Their kiss got rougher and their hands wandered ever more bravely. Draco tangled his hands in Harry's hair and pulled forcing their lips apart so Draco could feast on Harry's neck. The imagery from the book popped up in his mind and his hand wandered down and grabbed Harry's arse. He heard Harry's needy moan and his other hand joined in the fun. He shivered as Harry copied his frenzied movements. Their lips reclaimed one another's. Their tongues tangled in a wet slippery haze. Draco jolted as he felt Harry daringly slide a single finger in between his cheeks. He whimpered and bent forward to give Harry a better angle. Soon a slick finger was sliding its way inside Draco's tight cavern. Draco gasped. Harry had added another finger and at the same moment had hit that wonderful spot inside. Draco bit his lip as he held onto Harry's jacket his needy cried filling the air, as Harry's fingers undulated within Draco's ass. Draco felt his balls tighten and he knew he was about to come. He closed his eyes expecting the burst of ecstasy. His eyes snapped back open as he was pushed back onto the couch. He stared wide eyed up at Harry as the dark-haired man began to strip. Draco felt his mouth water as tantalizing taught skin was revealed to his hungry gaze. His eyes traveled down his own bare body and wondered the exact moment Harry had freed him from his sweat pants. Harry had finished stripping and Draco stared at the moderate sized cock waving firmly in the air as Harry strode to the end of the couch. It was perhaps slightly larger than his cock, but definitely wider. Draco swallowed. It looked like it was to be his favorite length for this activity. Harry slid his way up Draco's body until their cocks were pressed up against one another and their mouths began to glide together once more. Harry had maneuvered Draco onto his side and once again had lubed fingers inside him. "Are you ready Draco?" "YES! Enter me." Draco lifted his hips in invitation and soon his lover was sliding his way deep into Draco's body. Draco clenched his teeth at the initial pain. He felt the stretch and burn, but mostly the wonder of being filled after being empty for so long. Once his inner muscles had relaxed slightly his breath rushed out as Harry began to thrust. The pull on his insides pleased him. His hand slid down his body to toy with his nipple. The steady slow rush of pleasure made his slightly softened cock perk up once more and soon enough he was ready to come. "H-harry! I'm going to—." Draco stared mesmerized into darkened green emeralds as Harry leaned forward and began to pull on Draco's dick. He altered his position within Draco slightly and Draco was sent flying as the world burst around him. Harry's thrusts continued gently pulling at his prostate, and Draco tightened and clenched as he came. His hips tilted up, and his cock pulsed and released a wild torrent of fire as his head went blank. He distantly heard Harry shout out his name before a rush of warmth filled his insides and he felt the comforting weight of another man pressed against his own. *End of Smut Scene* Eventually the high faded and Draco came back to life. His lover was collapsed against his chest sweaty and satisfied. His hands carded through Harry's hair and he shivered as warmth began to trickle from his body. Harry's fluid gently leaked from his shocked channel. Harry heaved himself onto his elbows reducing the pressure on Draco's chest and they stared at one another. Slowly they came together once more and their lips pressed into the sweetest kiss Draco could ever remember receiving. The pain of the past few months fled him. He felt Harry cup his cheek. "I think you won Mr. Malfoy." "What do you mean?" "I think you won my heart." ". . ." "Love you too Harry." END. A/N: Hi, it has been awhile since I posted last. Something came up and I wasn't able to write. I have lots of stories and I will keep trying to improve my writing skills. I hope you have a good summer. Thanks for reading, Demonfawn