some time. But all the same, I'd-" Hermione felt her stomach practically bottom out as she forced the words from her mouth, "I'dliketobeyourapprenticeandlearnpotionsfromyou." She winced, and waited for his response. He merely sat under his white bedsheet, arms crossed and looking for all the world like unearthly Hades on bed rest. Professor Snape's silence continued, simply content, apparently, to study her from across the room. His mouth puckered and his brow creased, deft fingers flitted up to stroke lightly over his two-day scruff as he appeared to weigh the pros and cons of her request. Hermione bit her lip and tucked a frizzy strand of hair behind her ear, twisting her shirt in her hands and trying not to look as nervous as she felt. How is he so easily able to unnerve her, even from a hospital bed? "I mean, of course it would be on your terms. I would never presume… I would never encroach upon… I, well, I would consider the debt repaid after I achieve my Mastery with your leadership and I would be happy to draft a-" "Miss Granger, please, do shut up for a moment." He said, without a trace of a sneer, to her surprise. "Bring me that pad of parchment," he said quietly, his face firmly set in such a way that he appeared to be preparing to go through something most unpleasant. She scrambled to retrieve the paper from the stand and hurried to his side, her fingers brushing briefly over his clammy ones as she struggled not to resume her babbling. Reaching into her bottomless bag before he could ask, she plucked a black quill from its depths and handed that over as well. "Quick-Quotes Quill," she said, her voice shriveled into a whisper in light of his decision. His face remained passive as he took that, too, from her trembling hand. Her heart raced in her chest as he began to dictate the rules and conditions for her apprenticeship. To start in the summer following her seventh and final year of Hogwarts, she would learn all, witness all, and obey all that he ordained to her, and she would willingly submit to his authority until her Mastery was obtained. The details were drafted, the binding spell glowing golden over his spidery scrawl before he brandished a small hand-blade from under his pillow, cutting a small incision in the tender flesh of his elbow before instructing Hermione to do the same. "Do as I say," He commanded, his voice lowering to something harsh and low as he wrapped his arm from hand to forearm around hers. "If you'd be so kind as to drop any Occlumency shields," he rasped, tugging her form closer to his to smear their blood between them. She shook like a leaf, barely registering what he said and then hastening to do as instructed. Their eyes locked, and she was aware of his magic throbbing around them, crashing over her own and willing it to submit to him. "Repeat after me." He whispered, the room around them darkening as golden ropes of light wrapped around their hands. " You cannot posses me, for I belong to myself ," he began, pausing until she shakily repeated him before continuing on. " But while we both wish it, I give you what is mine to give. You cannot control me, for I am a free person, But I shall serve you in the ways a Master requires, And the knowledge will taste sweeter coming from your hand. I pledge to you that yours will be the name I answer to under this vow, And the eyes into which I cannot desist. I pledge to you the first drops of my success, And the first drink of my glory, I pledge to you my magic and mind, equally in your care, And tell no outsider our grievances. This is my apprenticeship vow to you. This is a bond of equals." Their bodies shuddered as the weight of the ancient magic settled over them, a mantle of responsibility and trust suddenly thrust upon apprentice and master as the contract sealed itself and promptly burst into flames. Professor Snape sighed, abandoning her hand and letting their wounds stickily peel apart. He didn't bother to cast a cleansing charm, simply muttering "Leave me. Now." before rolling away from her and burying his dark profile into the down pillows. Hermione stood at his bedside, still entranced by one of the most spectacular forms of magic she'd witnessed in her young life, before gathering her quill and whispering a quiet "Of course, Master," before scuttling out of his room. From that day, Hermione resolved to work harder than she had in any of her studies before to prepare and perform for her Master. She was determined to never once make him feel regretful of his easy agreement, or to remind him of his debt to her. The lost opportunity to gain such priceless ingredients from Harry and Ron for Professor Snape, combined with the up and coming missing arithmetic equations was enough of a boon to cause poor Hermione Granger to descend into a fit of panic as she continued to rush about her small apartment, her long held fears of disappointing her Professor rearing their ugly head. She still hadn't found that stupid parchment paper, and now her meddlesome cat was making a point for groom himself over her dragonhide boots, probably knowing full well that kneazle hair was completely corrosive to almost any potion. She groaned, at a loss for what to do, and twenty minutes behind schedule, grabbed her spare pair from the closet before sprinting out the door, down the stairs, and around the corner to apparate out of sight to her Master's elusive lab. Hermione's apprenticeship vows are a modification of Celtic marriage vows. I do not own anything here that belongs to the Harry Potter World, not even the beloved half-cat-half-kneazle on a warpath to dissuade his owner.