but living with an ignorant man such as Uncle Vernon left little time to grieve. With a single pull he started the lawnmower and began to cut the grass. "Boy!" A deep voice shouted at the door, he released the bar and looked over at his uncle as the noise died. Vernon growled a little "We'll be back in an hour, try not to burn down the house." He snarled "And if I find so much as one attempt at the door." He was talking about the cupboard where most of his Wizard things were. He was able to smuggle a few things into his room but most of his stuff was locked away. Harry held up his hands "Yes, Yes I know." He said calmly trying to ignore the whale of a man "I'll be locked in my room until School starts." Vernon grunted "Do not leave the house." He instructed. Harry nodded again and started to cut the grass once more. The yard wasn't that large so it only took him around half-an hour to cut nicely. When he went in through the back he was almost surprised to see a small cup of water and a note on the counter. ' When you have finished the chores, remember you are making dinner. You are not to eat until we return, when dinner is finished we will discuss what your meal shall be.' He read as he sipped on his water, they did this a lot. Should his chores not be completed then he would not eat, if they were done poorly he would get at most a slice of bread and a cup of water. He started what dishes remained from breakfast this morning which didn't take him long as he was used to doing them at this point. When that was finished he stepped to vacuuming the carpeted rooms, the steps and then the bed rooms. He did this very carefully and in the same way his Aunt had showed him when he was old enough to do this which was about six or five. He stowed the machine and checked his mental list of chores, as far as he knew he was done other than starting dinner. Which being it was only lunch wasn't for a while, quickly he ran to the bathroom and started to shower using his own shower gear from Hogwarts. His thoughts drifted as he showered, he thought back to his first year and something hit him like a brick. Mrs. Weasley was talking about the platform to her children, which was how he got on. Why would she do that? All her children had been to the platform since Bill had gotten his letter. That's when he realized something they wanted to find him, they were looking for the lost kid with raven hair. He slammed his fist onto the tiled wall "Damn it." He growled, was Ron acting on his friendship? Was that why he hated Hermione at first? Why he never wanted to study? He couldn't tell, he did know this though. He met Malfoy first, was confused at the time and didn't like how arrogant he was. Ron was second and he made the attempt to be his friend, but he asked about his scar first which silently annoyed him. Harry fumed silently as he thought, he took a ten minute shower and towel dried his hair which was slightly longer than normal he noted it grew after he met Sirius, he removed a small rubber band off his wrist and pulled his hair back into a small ponytail. He redressed in what he could find that was reasonably clean, then he noticed Hedwig was back looking at him with almost a look of pity. The Teen sighed "Hey girl." He said softly walking over to his prized bird and companion. "Did she reply?" He asked looking down at her leg and saw a letter tied on. Harry smiled brilliantly and removed the note, he read it silently and sighed in relief and to control his anger. His friends had been keeping things from him, he knew they were hiding something from him. Hermione might be his only friend but she was also connected to Dumbledore and wouldn't understand his new status. If he could get Sirius away from the old man then he was sure that his god-father would side with him. So his first goal was to get to Gringotts, that would be a slight problem but he was sure he could fix. Greengrass wanted to get to know him in return for her help, he wasn't about to tell her no being that she didn't ask for anything more or less. He removed another spare piece of Parchment from under his bed and scrawled a quick note to Gringotts to see if he could get a Portkey. He knew the ways of Wizard travel in hopes that he could find his way out of this pit, Broom he would be spotted, Apperation had to be learned and he didn't know where to start, Floo only worked when hooked to the main line and Muggles sure weren't, that left him with the Portkey but those were also few and far between. "I'll send it off tomorrow, unless you want to take it today?" He spoke looking at Hedwig, who gave a hoot and started to drink water "Thought so." He said casually, slipping on a shirt and opened his defense book again. Not knowing how much he just threw things into motion. A/N: I do not own Harry Potter, Or Daphne Greengrass. Hello Hello, I looked and looked but I never found a DG/HP one quiet like this set up. If you find one like this please tell me! I'd like to read it, you know for research and fun. So I think this was a good first chapter and header into the Fourth year. What'd you think? Leave me a note- Sign 'The Demon'