you owed me anything. Saving you from that fire and defending you during your trial, I was just doing what I knew was right. I appreciate you flying with me, but I'd much rather know you're doing it because you want to and not on some silly notion that you owe me something. I wouldn't have helped you if I didn't think you deserved this second chance, Draco. Because you really do deserve it." Apparently, he had said the right thing. Harry had barely finished talking when Malfoy cautiously reached out a hand. He was hesitant at first, but then delicate fingers were tracing Harry's lightning bolt scar. Harry's eyes fell closed. He didn't move a muscle as Malfoy swept those fingers slowly across his forehead, down the side of his face, and along his jaw. He finally cupped Harry's chin in his hand, holding him in place. He leaned forward and placed a chaste kiss on Harry's lips before quickly pulling away and dropping his hand. Harry's eyes shot open at the sudden loss of contact. Malfoy's eyes were pools of doubt and insecurity as Harry remained entirely still. Harry was speechless. He had to take a moment to adjust, as this was all so new to him. Malfoy was acting in an incredibly intimate and utterly romantic way. He couldn't believe it. This was Malfoy . Yet… this was amazing . As he came back to his senses, his first thought was that he needed Malfoy to know that he wanted to keep going. That he wanted this. That he wanted him . Because in that instant, he was sure that was exactly what he wanted. When Malfoy made no further move, Harry reached out his right hand. He vaguely registered that he was still grasping the golden snitch tightly in that hand. He let it go. The little golden ball flapped it's wings vigorously as if flew away. He didn't care where it went, they could always find another one at another time. What mattered was expressing to Malfoy how he felt. His hand went to Malfoy's silky blonde hair. His fingers combed through it a few times before he placed his hand at Malfoy's nape. While looking straight into those stunning eyes, which were widening in surprise, Harry pulled Malfoy forward and kissed him. He was flying again. He felt the rush and the thrill and the joy he associated with being in the air. Kissing Malfoy felt just as incredible as all that, if not more so. In that moment, everything clicked into place in Harry's mind. Every thought and every feeling he'd had since entering the potions classroom a few hours before suddenly made sense. He now knew why he'd been able to look at nothing but Malfoy while trying to search for the snitch. Why he'd been mesmerized by his beautiful eyes all afternoon. Why he'd so easily confided in him. Why he'd so easily trusted him. Everything fell into place with that kiss. Malfoy's warm, full lips moved gently over Harry's. He seemed apprehensive about doing too much too soon, as if he was afraid he might scare Harry away. Harry desperately wanted to show him that he wasn't going anywhere. However, before he could act on that thought, Malfoy unexpectedly pulled away. Harry was about to yell at him for stopping but, before he could voice his frustration, Malfoy buried his face in Harry's neck. He nipped and sucked and kissed every bit of skin he could find there. Harry tried to control the sounds he was making as Malfoy's lips found a particularly sensitive spot and focused on it, but it was a hopeless cause. While never ceasing his actions, Malfoy spoke. "Promise me you won't settle for being an Auror. Play Quidditch if that's what you want to do. You deserve to be happy, Harry." Harry was almost incapable of replying, but finally managed to say breathlessly, "I'll only do it if you keep practicing with me." "Of course." "Then I promise." With that, Malfoy's mouth left Harry's neck and returned to his lips. Malfoy kissed him harder this time and with more fervor than before. He forced his way into Harry's mouth with his tongue while his hand went to Harry's hair, gripping tightly to the dark disheveled mop. Harry, meanwhile, wrapped an arm around Malfoy's waist as he fell back onto the grass. He dragged Malfoy with him so that he ended up lying half on top of Harry. Not once did their lips disconnect. Harry's head was swimming. He had never been kissed like this before. He felt like all rational thought left him the second Malfoy's lips made contact with his. All he cared about was making sure Malfoy never stopped because this was perfect. Without warning, Malfoy pulled away and beamed at Harry. "See you later." He stood up abruptly, grabbed his broom, and began walking back towards the castle. After getting over the shock of the sudden loss of Malfoy, Harry jumped to his feet. "Wait! W-where are you going?" He hated how sad and desperate he sounded. Malfoy stopped walking. He chuckled as he slowly turned back to face Harry. "It's dinner time and I'm starving." He sent an almost seductive smirk Harry's way. "I'll see you next week for Potions tutoring. Same time, same place. And be sure to bring your broom, Harry." With that he turned around again and continued back to the castle. Harry shook his head and laughed. After what had just happened, he wasn't sure he could make it until next week without seeing the Slytherin. Hell, he didn't think he'd make it until tomorrow. He grabbed his broom off the ground and headed towards the castle. He decided that, after a quick dinner, he would find Draco so they could talk… or possibly snog some more. :-:-:-:-:-:-:-: I don't know… I kinda like it haha. You know the drill, let me know your thoughts and opinions!