the day after that she pulled James out to the lake at night to show him a meteor shower that illuminated the surface of the water and made the sky look alive. Lily was just starting to come back now, so James took her hand again as they headed towards the teachers. Professor McGonagall was conjuring sheets of fabric to drape over the bodies of the dead that had been lined up on the stage. Lily counted about thirteen dead. On the ground, by the lake, lay the bodies of the Death Eaters. They had been covered with their cloaks. There were only seven of them. "Professor?" McGonagall looked up and Lily was shocked to see that her eyes were damp. "Miss Evans – please start leading the uninjured parents and students back up to the castle. We'll start to Floo them out once the Aurors arrive. Mr Potter, go help Poppy with the Calming Droughts, some of the younger students are understandably upset," McGonagall ordered, still conjuring shrouds. Lily nodded and she and James started to walk away. "Are you alright?" James asked, fingers threading through hers comfortingly. "Yeah – yeah, I'm fine. You?" "I'm ok," he told her, stopping. "But when you ran off like that, you scared the hell out of me." Lily looked down. When the spells and curses and screams had started, she hadn't thought. She had just flung herself into the middle of it and hoped for the best. "Sorry," she muttered. "No – that's not what I'm saying, Lily. We're both reckless idiots. Don't stop on account of me. Just wait for me next time, ok?" "Ok," Lily said, and at the look in his eyes, amended that; "Promise. I promise, James." James let go of her hand to take her face between his two palms, and Lily wound her fingers through his hair to kiss him quickly and desperately before letting go and going to round up the other students. The school was flooded with Aurors that day. Dumbledore spoke to a few reporters from the Prophet in his office. Wanda Hartford's death was announced on WWN, and a large number of students Flooed home early after their parents heard about the attack. The list of the dead included one third year girl, Oliver Sands and Lacy Selwyn, who both were killed defending a group of younger students, the two Aurors on Minister Hartford's protection detail, and a few parents . The captured Death Eaters were escorted to Azkaban under heavy guard. Lily found James at the top of the Astronomy Tower that night. "Hi," she said, sitting down next to him. They were both in warm pyjamas, the summer night cool. "Hi," he replied, knocking his shoulder against hers in a greeting. Lily stretched her legs over the edge of the tower, feeling the brush and play of wind on her feet as she tipped her head onto James' shoulder. "Are we ok?" she asked quietly. "We're ok." "Are you scared?" "Terrified." "Me too, James." They were silent for a moment, watching the stars. They were bright and distant and they sapped the colour out of the scene. Lily looked at a strand of her hair flying in the light breeze. It was a light silver, and she tucked it back behind her ear. "James," she said, and paused, not sure she wanted to continue. "Yeah?" "I was thinking." James didn't say anything but bumped his foot against her outstretched one, an invitation to continue. "These times are so uncertain. People are here today – and gone the next and you don't know how they were undone so fast. Lacy and Ollie and the rest… We could die tomorrow." "This is cheery," James told her. "Shut up. All I mean is… don't you think we should seize the moment?" "What were you thinking?" "I know – I know we haven't been together that long." "Mostly because of your stubbornness," James said. "Fine," Lily allowed; "but I – I don't know. We've known each other for a very long time, James." "Lily," he said slowly. "What are you trying to say?" Lily turned her head so her forehead rested on James' shoulder and she squeezed her eyes shut, frustrated. "I'm trying to say – actually I don't know what I'm trying to say. This is ridiculous." "Slow down," James suggested. "Just take a breath." " You take a breath," Lily snapped, but breathed deeply anyways. "I'm trying to say that – I love you. And I'm going to love you for as long I live, and that won't change. Sometimes you'll drive me mad and sometimes you'll probably want to hex me, but I think that we're going to be a part of each other's lives for a very long time. I've known you since I was eleven years old and sometimes I hated you but mostly I loved you. So – James Potter-" (At this, Lily lifted her head and shifted back so she was looking into James' eyes) "-James Potter – will you marry me?" James just blinked. "That was a terrible proposal," Lily realized, cringing. "Yeah," James agreed. "When we tell people we can make it sound more romantic." Lily started to nod before she realized what he said. "You what-" "Yes," James said, starting to grin at her, silver and white and grey in the starlight. " Yes " "Yes?" Lily said, laughing a bit. "You mean it? Are you sure?" "Yeah – yes, I mean. Yes." "Christ," Lily said, shaking her head. "Eighteen and engaged. We're idiots, you know that, right?" "Of course," James said. "But we'll be happy idiots." Lily threw her arms around his neck to kiss him, and the starlight shone down on them whitely and turned their skin to cool white marble, freezing them forever under the light of the moon. A.N. Thank you so much for reading! If you enjoyed it, (or didn't and wanted to tell me) please leave a review.