"You don't seem the least bit affected for what I've just said" Snape said slowly. "Tell me it's not true, I could never look at you again thinking about…" "Thinking about what, Severus?" her eyes meeting his, ice cold. "I owe you nothing". "Tell me it is a lie" he said with urgency in his voice grabbing her by the arm. "It's a lie" she said wanking her arm from his grip. "Thank Merlin" he let go a deep sigh with a relieved expression, but nothing prepared him for what he heard next. "Sleep was the last thing I got after that party, if you know what I mean..." her eyes shot daggers at him. "And what I mean is that I sleep or be up all night with whoever I want, even if it's James Potter. Have a good day, Severus." She turned on her heels and kept a steady pace to distance from him, what she didn't expect was running to Professor McGonagall, one of her favorite teachers and head of Gryffindor. "Oh I'm sorry, Professor" Lily excused herself and noticed that the teacher was not in her best mood. "Well, I was just looking for you, Miss Evans" she started with a strict tone. "You got a detention". "What?!" Lily was caught off guard. "It has come to my knowledge that you, Mr. Potter, Mr. Black and Miss York facilitated a gathering with alcohol at the Gryffindor common room on Friday" the Professor looked disappointedly at her and Lily was found speechless. "Please, be at the Trophy Room precisely at 7 o' clock and for Merlin's sake, do not engage in this type of behavior again". "Yes Professor, I'm deeply sorry" Lily answered without looking in her eyes. Her day could not get any worse, she closed the curtains around her bed and laid on her back, counting the stones on the ceiling of the tower until it was time for her punishment, as if the hell she was living wasn't enough. Arriving at the Trophy Room she was met by Sirius and Anneliss chit chatting while cleaning some trophies, which made her stop dead in track, if they were there it meant that she was about to be graced by the presence of someone else. "Hey" she heard his voice behind her and everything made sense. James reported her and his friends to McGonagall so she would put all of them in detention, a situation where it would be impossible for Lily to flee and she could not avoid him. "I can't believe you did this to us!" she turned to him, he had a chocolate box and a folded parchment in his hands, an apologetic smile upon his lips. "Lily, please, calm down" Anneliss tried to manage the situation. "I needed to see you, to talk to you…" James started, his expression becoming more urgent. "I couldn't care less about what you need, Potter." "Come on, Lily" he handed the chocolates and the parchment to Sirius "Just give a minute to explain myself". "You have 20 seconds" she arched an eyebrow. "I sent her a letter ending our relationship the morning before the party" he looked at her pleading, but she wasn't breaking. "You got to admit that this situation is a little bit amusing." "You messed up my perfect record, lost house points, so you could feed me some bullshits?!" Lily shouted with tears starting to pool on her eyelids. "I'll tell you what, James: when I find this the LEAST. BIT. FUNNY. I'll go after you. Now, please, get out of my sight". James let his arms fall to his side, looking defeated. He turned on his heels and left the room, the detention be damned. "Lily" Liss touched her lightly on the shoulder handing her the parchment. "He was telling the truth, I was with him when he sent the letter, that's why he kept you company drinking, he was hurt too". The redhead didn't answer, but decided on reading whatever he had written. I fell in love with a girl, who make go mad Always hated me, said I was a dickbag As the times flew past, my feelings were deeper Even Hagrid, my dear, knows you're a keeper Now I screwed up, she hates me for all I can only appeal to flirt with McGonagall I'm running out of time, hope this isn't too late But even if it is, my love can't erase. (Drop the mic) Even before finishing the last line she had already cracked a smile, she folded the parchment and snorted, the laugh coming easily to her, she realized that she did wanted to believe in James' words because she knew deep down that she liked him. For the second time in that week she ran through the corridors of the castle, the anticipation filling her stomach with butterflies, after a few turns she met James, who had stopped to see what was the noise. "You are the biggest idiot I've ever met" she said with a smirk. James studied her face as she got closer to him, every step making his smile grow. Before she could start another sentence, he reached her robe and pulled her to him, staring right into those sparkling green eyes a few inches from his. "Now is where you kiss me" she whispered and he complied. On the next moment, he had wrapped his arms around her, their mouths meeting each other as water to a man lost in the desert, Lily wanted to kiss him with all of her, her heart beating loudly in her chest, the same rhythm of his. "You lost us a lot of points." she said while nuzzling his nose. "Will win them back on the next Quidditch match" he answered with a self-assured smile. "Cocky much?" she said raising an eyebrow. "Admit you like it" he said brushing his lips on hers. "Only in my deathbed" she whispered and caught his lips with hers.