A ripping sound told him that he needed to move faster next time. He barely blocked a strike aimed directly at his neck, his two daggers crossed to catch the blade. Forcing Lucius' blade to the side, Kai struck out with a black booted foot, the powerful strike catching the blonde hard in the head and flinging him back. "Crucio!" a shouted spell came from behind him and Kai dove hard away from his current position, tucking and rolling back onto his feet facing the doorway where 10 new opponents had entered. Thanking the gods that he had managed to dodge the pain curse, he stood warily, daggers raised as he stared down the new Death Eaters. A tall, lean man stood at the head of the group, the magical aura was a swirl of darkness that crackled around him, telling of great power and great evil. This was not good. "We came as soon as Narcissa alerted us, Lucius, now let me take a look at him," the tall man's voice was smooth, dark … similar yet dissimilar to Kai's. He stepped forward, staring hard into the eyes of the assassin as Kai worked diligently on the wards separating him from freedom. Suddenly, Kai's magic felt like it was hit by a brick wall as layer after layer of warding was piled between him and escape. "Tsk, tsk, young one, I saw what you did to the wards outside. I won't be letting you escape that easily." This must be Voldemort, Kai laughed to himself, the man didn't seem that scary. Voldemort glared at Kai, his eyes flashing red, "He seems to find this funny. Gentlemen, why don't you show him a good time." 'Okay, I'm going to do this the ugly way,' the assassin thought as he brought his magic up into a visible sword and dove for the balcony, magic slicing cleanly through the wardings, sending their threads whipping about in Kai's senses. Dispelling the sword in mid-stride he swan dived off the balcony, righting himself to land on his feet two stories below. He rolled to minimize impact and felt spells skim his back. He darted towards the forest, hoping that reaching its safety would allow him to change into his animagus form and escape. With how powerful the Malfoy wards had been designed, he could go out the hole he created or not at all. They were a solid barrier. Unless he pulled the whole thing down, which he might have to do. No, that would require him going into a trance. He'd couldn't afford that; he'd be killed. Unfortunately, his path was cut off by fire from all directions. He jumped and dodged spell after spell, one hand holding a shield and another firing back spells just as brutal but more obscure than the typical unforgivables. The assassin was getting frustrated; he was surrounded on all sides by what he estimated to be 20 Death Eaters. Oh yes, this was definitely a set up. Kai knew he was in trouble when he felt Voldemort step into the circle. "What say you now, assassin? Will you yield?" the Dark Lord hissed, voice easily crossing the distance between the powerful magic wielders. Kai didn't answer, using the time to catch his breath and think of escape. "You are too powerful to simply destroy, why not stand at my side?" Still ignoring the man's question, the assassin grimly assessed his situation. Status: desperate. He couldn't change; he'd be shot down. He couldn't apparate; there were wards. He couldn't pull down the wards; again, he'd be shot down. 'Chances of fighting my way out: assessed as less than 5 percent. Well damn. I'm going out with a bang than.' He shifted deeper into a fighting stance. 'There, Voldemort, you have your answer. ' "I see," red eyes narrowed. With a small gesture of his hand, he stepped back and the Death Eaters moved in. "Men, C-360." It didn't take long for Kai to figure out 360 meant he was surrounded for 360 degrees by enemies and that they would all fire simultaneously. What they were fired was no huge surprise either. "Crucio!" 'Shit.' Now, no human could ever dodge 20 simultaneously cast Cruciatus curses all coming from different directions. Unfortunately for Kai, he was indeed human. He dodged as many as could, jumping away from the center and towards those he assessed as being weakest in power. He threw up a shield, knowing it was futile. Seven curses hit his shield en masse, shattering it instantly. Pain flooded his senses, like nothing he had ever experienced, it was maddening. He tried to remain standing but failed, falling helplessly to his knees, his muscles spasming violently. His vision blurred and he could only feel the Death Eaters circle him, surrounding him. More added their power. He forced him to accepting the pain as he was taught to, focusing his mind, drawing in magic from around him before flinging up the sharpest shield he could manage, slicing the connection between the caster and the spell, stopping it. As soon as the spells ceased, he and his shield collapsed, without the strength to continue holding. The Cruciatus did horrible things to your magic and your body. That's when they fell on him, mercilessly kicking him in the ribs sending him rolling across the ground, undoubtedly breaking bones. One bent down and wrested his Dagger of Power, which he had managed to hold onto, from his hand, examining it. Kai's awareness returned at the loss of his precious dagger and he struck out desperately, sending a stunning wave towards the Death Eaters standing in front of him, surprisingly dropping three and rolling to his knees. He breathed heavily, his pain ridden mind forgetting about the others behind him until the steel of a blade sliced into his right arm and the handle of a sword was brought hard on the nape of his neck. And then, he knew nothing but the darkness.