heart. Rhode was clever for her age, she fully understood the curse she was inflicted with, and she knew that she couldn't go anything about it. With a single farewell, the witch felt rather than saw herself disappear. The sensation was strange; a soft pulse reverberated through her body as her vision was engulfed in a white light. Then everything turned black. Rhode woke to screams. Sumerian from a PDF I found online Sumerian/Mesopotamian mythology taken from Wikipedia Translations: Zi Dingir Anna Kanpa! Ati Me Peta Babka. Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Na Mudutu Ma Tiit. Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Na Sha Amelserru Salamu. Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Ina Zumru Ma Uri. Ni Amaru Nanna Ma Shu Rakbu Epesu Ina Anna Ma Shurpu Ina Badur. Ni Amaru Badur Ana SimTim Alaku, Ma Alaku Ina Shiimti, Ina Ana Harrani Sa Alaktasa La Tarat. Eli Baltuti Ima''Idu Mituti. Kima Parsi Labiruti. Zi Dingir Anna Kanpa, Ma Panu Sakanu. Spirit God of the Moon, Remember! Gatekeeper, open your Gate for me. I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger for Knowledge and Life I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger for her Child to be safe I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger through Body and Blood. I see the God of the Moon and his Messenger to treat the Air and Purify the Water by Fire. I see the Water to go one's fate, and go through the House Where the Wind of Life is Breathed In, on the Road Whose Course Does Not Turn Back. The Dead Will Be More Numerous Than The Living. Treat Her in Accordance with the Ancient Rites. Spirit God of the Moon, Remember, and Proceed. [Sumerian] Bau – A Lady Who the Dead Bring Back to Life [Sumerian] Stones/Metals and their meanings (taken directly/amended from a number of websites). The italics signify the significance of the object to Rhode/the ritual. 1: Jade is a stone that allows you to see past fears and negative thought patterns and encourages the manifestation of dreams and transforms them into the physical world . This gemstone also boosts positive emotions such as wisdom, courage, generosity, compassion, and longevity, all which promote a richer and more fulfilling life. 2: Bloodstone is a powerful healing stone that has been valued for thousands of years for its healing energy. It purifies and detoxifies the body , grounding negative energy and cleansing your body's energy. Bloodstone also increases energy and strength , promoting a constant flow of energy throughout the body. 3: Goldstone is made from quartz sand glass, infused with copper particles to give it its shimmery appearance. The sparkles of Goldstone are symbolic of light that can always be found in the darkness . It deflects unwanted energies and is highly regarded in the spirit realm as a protective mineral . 4: Silver - Use the metal or the colour silver in rituals, spells or talismans concerning Moon-deities, the female force, cycles, emotional and/or hormonal imbalances, reflecting or neutralizing negativity, dreams and intuition, psychic work and psychic abilities. 5: Lapis Lazuli is a gemstone of complete inner awareness of the self , which connects the wearer to a higher consciousness. It has been in existence since the beginning of time. This powerful stone works by clearing and harmonizing the throat chakra , which enhances creative expression and communication . Lapis Lazuli helps you connect with your spirit guides, which provide wisdom and shield you from negativity by deflecting harmful vibes and returning them to their source. It also has connections to the Moon. 6: Moonstone is believed to be a stone of destiny . It is strongly connected to the moon and the divine feminine, making it a wonderfully helpful stone for women. It is worn to increase fertility and harmonize the mind, providing health and protection . Moonstone helps to align the hormone production, metabolism and reproduction. It allows deep-rooted feelings to energize and come to the forefront . 7: Azurite is often referred to as the "Stone of the Heavens," as it aids in the pursuit of the heavenly self. It is believed to awaken psychic abilities, helping you to recognize intuition and spiritual guidance . It calms and relieves mental stress, helping you to clear your mind and dissolve any blocked energy. The Mayans are also said to have used it for sacred and mystical communication . 8: Obsidian is made from natural volcanic glass that forms from molten lava, which has cooled very quickly. Working on the root chakra, this grounding stone instantly connects you deep within the core of the Earth . Obsidian assists the body in clearing and removing all negative energies from the aural field, including harmful emotions such as fear, jealousy, anger, and greed. 9: Clear Quartz is known for its powerful manifestation properties that stimulate and revitalize the chakras within the body. Clear quartz jewellery allows the wearer to think more clearly, which helps them focus and identify their true dreams and desires . Clear quartz is also useful for spiritual development because it assists in clearing blockages in the body, which allows energy to flow freely . Heya. I got this little plot bunny when I first started to play Bloodborne and it wouldn't. Fucking. Go. So, I wrote the first chapter. I may continue it in the future but I don't know. I started it like 1 or 1.5 years ago, and just finished it today/yesterday. I can't think of a good title for this fic so it's Untitled until I can think of a good one. This was my first attempt into the more adult-y, darker kind of writing and I have no idea how it turned out. So, tell me what you think if you wish. If you get inspired by this and what to write a fic based on this, please to tell me so I can pop a mention below! Ja ne! Deanna Saber