a wave." Ollivander says instantly regretting it as Harry blows up his lamp. Ollivander grabs another wand and gives it to Harry, this time as he waved it a row of boxes shot across the room. Ollivander grabbed it back and and tried over six wands. After trial and error, Ollivander heads back and grabs one that he has been holding on to for a while. He brings it out and this time he lets Harry pull it out of the box. As Harry grabs the wand, a bright light surrounds him and sparks fly out the end of it. Ollivander cries tears of joy now that he can clean up his shop and doesn't have to find a wand for him, until he needs a new one. Before Harry pays for his wand, Cassie orders a wand polishing kit and a wand holster for his arm so he doesn't set himself on fire or blow his butt off. The group moves to the book shop and grabs both Harry's books and Angelina's books. The books consist of Standard Book of Spells- Year One, Beginning Potions Guide and Care, Transfiguration for Beginners, and of course The Dark Arts for First Years. Angelina who has her choice of classes has her ancient runes and arithmancy books. It was then that Minerva showed up with two cages. One held a beautiful snowy owl, it was one of the more gorgeous owls ever. The other held a regal looking owl, one that looked dull flying but so amazing up close. "Here's your birthday present Harry. The snowy owl is yours, she has no name yet. I figured that you could name her. Angelina, this one is yours. He is an Eagle Owl, I figured I would let you name him. So this way you can have an owl that can send letters no problem and that way you will always know when it's your owl." Minerva says while trying not to get crushed by the hugs from the two children. Harry names his owl Hedwig after a famous witch in his history book, while Angelina names her Caesar after the famous Roman Emperor. Katie and Alicia wrote to both of them and the letters were from hope to see them soon to jealous of their owl and wanted one. Harry and Hedwig were already the best of friends. He would pet her everyday and even brush some of her feathers. Hedwig enjoyed the attention, but she really loved the bacon Harry would give her for dinner. Hedwig would deliver a letter for an owl treat or if Harry had some, a piece of bacon or 2 if it was a reply. On September 1st, Harry was excited. He finally got to go to Hogwarts with his big sister. Angelina told Harry that he was going to sit with her and the others until he made some friends to hang out with on the train. Most children would not want to hang out with their older sibling, but Harry enjoyed it. Once they arrived at the train station, Angelina decided she would show Harry what to do. As Angelina went through the pillar, Harry was amazed, but still scared. Cassie sensing Harry's fear, helps Harry by holding on to the trolley with him and runs with him through the barrier. When they reach the other side, Harry was amazed at the Hogwarts Express, he sees Angelina waving at them. Cassie was crying because her children were leaving for a while and was going to miss them. She made them promise to write her every day. Once they finished up their hug, Angelina wrapped her arm around Harry and walked him to a compartment where Katie and Alicia were waiting. Katie, wearing her neon pink sweater that her grandmother made her stood outside the compartment watching for Angelina. When she spotted her, she waved and grabbed her attention. Alicia who was grumbling about the unfairness of not being the first one to see Harry. The train ride went smoothly, no one bothered them. That was until halfway there a bushy haired girl walked in and rudely asked if they saw a toad. They said no, but they should find someone who has an understanding of the summoning charm from Fourth Year charms. When the train was nearing the station, the girls decided to tease Harry. So Alicia who learned a few privacy spells from her mother, cast them on the door. They undressed and showed their underwear to Harry who was blushing. He was red a tomato and if he kept blushing he would almost look like a certain weasel. The girls laugh at Harry, but they tell him they're sorry. Katie jokes about having Harry change for them since they did, but she is smacked by Angelina for suggesting it. When the train arrived, Harry hugged them goodbye and went to sit in a boat where Hagrid told them to. Harry sat in a boat with a slightly chunky girl named Susan, her best friend Hannah, and a girl named Pansy who did not want to sit next to the know it all or the gossip group. As the boats went across the water, Harry couldn't help but think one thing. 'Mum, Dad, I'm finally here. I hope I do you proud and make lots of friends.' A/N: Well that's chapter one. Chapter two will do with the sorting and will see Harry go to Potions class and see the evil greasy bastard, Snape. I might do the flying lesson which will make Harry join his sister on the team. Now there is no Golden Trio in this story, more like the Four Musketeers. I have a plan in my head for the astronomy lesson, but I need to work out what will happen or if I do something like an Omake. Until next time folks, this is deadman1000 saying stay classy, stay cool, and remember: "Thunder, Thunder, Thunder. Thundercats, Ho!" (Thundercats-Do not own)