Harry shivered involuntarily. "What do you mean?" he whispered, as if speaking too loudly would bring the murderer to them. "Would you like to hear my theory?" Luna asked just as quietly. Harry nodded and she continued. "I think the Veil kills people." "So you think we're dead," Harry said dryly. "I'm not crazy," Luna chastised. "I think the Veil kills people. The voices we heard from beyond the Veil are the dead. But something happened; a glitch, I suppose. That night when your parents were— when the incident happened and the wizard tried to kill you, I think a piece of him latched onto you. A piece of his soul, if you will. That's why when we fell, the Veil didn't know what to do." "And glitched out?" Harry said dryly. "Two people went in, but there were three souls," the blonde explained. "I think this is limbo. We either live out our lives here and die, which gives the Veil what it wants. Or we escape." "And the dark wizard?" he prompted. "He is only a shade," Luna said. "Can't you feel him? The Darkness gnawing at the edge of the world? He has to find one of us, most likely you, in order to escape. He can't walk through the Door without us. If we leave him here, the Veil will end this world and consume the soul fragment." "This is great and all, but why do I have memories of an entire life , Luna?" Harry questioned. "You're saying this like it all happened a few minutes ago. But that doesn't explain why I remember an entire life!" "It's to keep you complacent," she replied, as if that explained everything. Harry shot her a disbelieving look, and she shrugged. "And it did happen a few minutes ago. At least, that's my theory. You're either going to trust me, or you aren't. And I told you that you always gave me the benefit of the doubt." Harry opened his mouth to speak, but was cut off by his phone ringing. He pulled it out of his pocket and checked the screen. Mum. "I'm sorry, Luna," he said quietly, "but I've got to take this." "Harry, we're running out of time. Can't you feel it? We have to go." And the scary thing about it, was Harry believed her. And he could feel it. They were running out of time. But if he was going to leave, he had to say goodbye. Luna nodded sadly, as if she had read his thoughts and understood. "I never got this chance with my mum." Harry rested a hand on her shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze. She smiled sadly and he answered the call. "Hey, Mum." " Harry, where are you? Your father and I are getting worried." "I'm almost home, Mum," Harry said. "Don't worry. I just met a girl and we've been talking." " Oh, well don't let me stop you! Be safe, treat her right, and we'll see you soon!" "I will. I love you, Mum." " Love you too, darling." Harry ended the call, looked at Luna, and squared his shoulders. "Let's go." .oOo. Apparently, the Door to leave the world was just down the street; very convenient. Harry followed Luna into the gardens at Calthorpe Project. There were a few lampposts to light the path, but they were mostly operating by the moon and ambient city glow. They silently walked down one of the trails, until they reached a small pond. "This is it," Luna announced. Harry looked at his companion in disbelief. She gestured back to the pond and he followed her lead. On closer inspection, the water seemed to shimmer like liquid silver, and ripple in a breeze that wasn't quite there. It seemed slightly out of sync with reality. Suddenly, one of the lights along the path went out, plunging the world into deeper shadows. "Harry, we have to go now ," Luna said urgently. "The Darkness is coming!" "What do we do? Just step into the water?" Harry asked dumbly. "Nope!" Luna reached out and grabbed his hand. Pulling him forward, they fell together into the pool. Somewhere, not that far behind them, Harry swore he heard a scream — angry and desperate — just before he was submerged beneath the water. .oOo. Between the time they had fallen into the Veil and when they returned, only two minutes and forty-seven seconds had passed, according to a distraught Sirius. Harry felt like he was going to be hugged to death by his godfather. He was still sopping wet, but Sirius didn't seem to care. Then Remus had a turn and Harry swore his ribs were going to break. "What happened?" they both asked. "Don't you ever do that again! How are you safe?" " What happened?" Harry couldn't explain. For how could one explain living another life — a happy and carefree one, at that — while only being gone for a matter of minutes? How could he even begin to explain that he lived in another time, older than he was now, with his parents, who were dead in this world? His mother's smile, his father's jokes … all of that and more had been so real. And now it was gone. Harry suddenly felt arms wrap around his chest, pulling him into a gentle embrace. He wasn't sure if Luna was comforting him, or if she was trying to comfort herself. Either way, he returned the hug. "I'm so sorry," she murmured into his chest. Harry shook his head. "Don't be," he replied. "You saved me. Thank you ." Luna gripped him tighter and Harry felt something softly flutter in his chest. "While we were over there, you never said what your life was like," he said. "I needed you to see the lie in my other life. But how were you able to find me?" "I knew that it wasn't real," Luna said faintly. "And you were."