slowly turning red with anger. Lily watched with some interest. She hadn't thought that James harboured any pureblood supremacy, anti-Muggleborn sentiments, but well… He was a Potter. An old, old pureblood family, and it seemed odd that he'd be so upset looking over the slur. Sirius just looked ill, and Remus and Peter moved closer to get a better view. "Did you see who did it?" Potter asked. "Of course" Lily snapped, "that's why I'm standing around talking to you, while I let the culprit get away" "Sorry" Sirius interrupted, "but did you just say culprit ?" Lily blinked at him. "Yes?" "Who the hell says 'culprit'? Why not say 'the slimy Slytherin sack of shit that did it'" "That seems overly long" "Git" Sirius was about to respond in kind when James stepped on his foot, effectively shutting him up. Lily looked at them disdainfully. "If you're done mocking my word choice, I'm going to go report this to Professor McGonagall" Lily didn't wait for a reply before leaving. The hallways were packed with students on their ways to lessons, and Lily had to fight against the tide to make her way to the plain wooden door marking the staff room. She took a deep breath before knocking. The staff room had always seemed sort of sacred and it felt like she was disrupting the sanctity of it. McGonagall answered, dark hair pinned severely back under her tall hat, and she frowned slightly at Lily, who stood there, breathless from hurrying. "Miss Evans?" "Professor, I'm so sorry to bother you, but there's something painted on the wall just outside the dungeon stairs" "Surely Mr Filch could clean it up?" "Professor, I think you really ought to see this… It's not just a bit of graffiti" The older witch sighed and pulled her robes tighter around herself, "Alright Miss Evans. Lead on" Most of the students had made it to their next classes, so the halls were deserted, apart from the occasional pearlescent ghost gliding serenely past. Lily caught her breath, and realized how shaky she felt. It was one thing to see the slurs outside of Hogwarts, to hear them hissed by the occasional elderly witch or wizard, but at her school, the place where she fit, the place she felt safe, it was intrusive. The Transfiguration professor caught her breath as she saw the neon words, shining in the torchlight. Lily thought she heard the older witch mutter something under her breath. A dark figure leant against the wall under the writing, and Lily recognized Potter as they got closer. "Mr Potter" McGonagall sighed, fixing her eyes on the wizard sternly, "why aren't you at your next class? Herbology, I believe?" "I thought I'd make sure Lily found you alright before I ran off" he told her seriously, still leaning casually against the wall, and having produced an apple from somewhere, took a noisy bite. "Well, as you can see, Miss Evans found me. I'd advise you move quickly before you're late. Pomona doesn't enjoy latecomers" "Duly noted Minnie" Potter agreed, and hurried off. Lily was torn between laughing and crying. The look on McGonagall's face when Potter had called her 'Minnie' had been fairly brilliant, but then the writing… "Thank you for bringing this to my attention Miss Evans" the professor said finally and crisply, "I can take it from here. You'd best be off to Herbology" Lily nodded, and left, with a final look back at the glowing writing and the concerned woman regarding it. Her shoes made a satisfying clicking noise on the stone floor as she hurried along the corridor. Herbology started in three minutes, and Lily bit back as curse as she glanced at her watch, only to run smack into someone. "Graceful, Evans. You should start training for the ballet" Potter. He had been waiting in the hallway, leaning against the wall again and calmly eating his apple when she ran into him. Lily steadied herself on the wall. "Why aren't you in Herbology?" The boy shrugged. "I was waiting for you" "Why?" she asked again, starting to walk. Potter hastily followed her, swinging his book bag up from the floor. "I wanted to ask you something" Lily didn't reply, and he took that as permission to continue. "I was wondering… If you'd go out with me?" She whirled around, incredulous. "Are you serious?" James ruffled his hair, regarding her solemnly. "Well, I'm not serious, but my best mate is. I could introduce you, if you'd like" Lily let out a noise that seemed to be a snort combined with a scream, and started walking again, looking straight ahead. "So that's a 'no' then?" She didn't dignify that with a response and kept her eyes fixed on the ground. As such, she didn't see Peeves, hovering above her with a large urn and a wicked grin. "Supposed to be in class, naughty, naughty" the poltergeist tutted, before releasing his ammunition. James saw what was about to happen a split second before it did, and lunged forward, knocking Lily out of the way. Of course, this knocked her off her feet, and she landed on her arse, spitting with rage as she clambered back up, dusting her robes and her grey wool knee socks off. "Right. What the bloody hell are you playing at, Potter? I have a class to get to, and you're running about like a prat, shoving me over? Piss off, alright, and stop bothering me" Without waiting for a reply, the witch drew herself up and stalked off, not seeing the shattered urn and leaving James on the cold castle floor, his rectangular glasses askew as he watched her go. A.N. Thank you so much for reading! If you enjoyed, (or if you didn't, and want me to know just how horrible it is) please, please review. Seriously. Any review is treasured. That was a bit of a messy starting chapter, I'm sorry, and hopefully it'll improve. Thanks again!