getting out of the bath. Drying off she was surprised to feel just how soft her skin was after the bath. Wrapping the towel around her waist and the second one around her hair. She moved out of the bathroom only to find that the bedroom was still there, but now the bed was covered in clothing. Walking over she gingerly picked up a piece of clothing and raised an eyebrow, as she looked it over. Whoever had chosen what she was going to wear for this journey was so going to get a piece of her mind if she ever got to meet them because really whatever this was it was clearly a one piece bathing suit done in black leather with a plunging neckline. Looking at the rest of the cloth, she found a short-sleeved oriental style jacket done in reds, purples, and blacks with a touch of gold and white. Along with it was a pair of thy high boots covered in thin armored details and that had a heel and platform that was easily five and a half inches tall. Finally, the last item on the bed was a long cloak and a set of armored gloves. "Somebody wants me to wear this..." She mumbled completely bewildered and somewhat embarrassed considering it was so revealing. "I guess I don't have choice, nothing else has been put out," She mumbled before allowing the towel to fall and swiftly slipping into the black bathing suit only to realize that it was rather more structured than a bathing suit normally was, especially considering it felt as though she was wearing a bra, without wearing a bra, and actually being more comfortable than any bra she had ever worn. "Maybe there's something to this entire bathing suit sort of outfit." Grabbing the jacket she shrugged it on and took no time in tying it together at the waist showing that it was structured and flared at her hips. The jacket went to her knees and was open at the front revealing her legs. Sitting down she grabbed the boots and unzipped them. The moment she did, she found a pair of long socks inside and gratefully grabbed them. Slipping them on she was surprised by just soft they felt, they were perhaps the best socks she had ever felt in her life. "I'm so going to have to learn what these are made of," She muttered before sliding her right foot into the boot and zipping it up. Doing the same with the other one, she stood up and wavered slightly, not used to the slight height but thankfully, she adjusted rather quickly. Grabbing her cloak, she wrapped it around her shoulders and finished with the gloves. Finally done she thoughtfully felt her hair before noticing a red ribbon holding a set of pillows together. Grabbing it, she pulled her hair up and swiftly tied it into a ponytail. This would keep it off her neck and out of her way considering it was rather long. Done she moved back towards the desk and took the book once more. Opening it, she turned to the last page she had been on and swiftly found the new writing written there as though somebody had come into the room and done so while she was in the bath. A bit creeped out by that she still began to read. Now that you are clean and dressed you are ready to begin your journey to return your soul to your body. What lies before you are a series of tasks, every task is different for every person because everybody is different. The first task is built on your fears, as you probably have not noticed a new door has appeared in your room, Here Téa looked up, startled to realize that that was indeed true as she was now staring up at a set of very large double doors that hadn't been there before. These doors lead to your first task. The moment you enter those doors these rooms will disappear and you will not see them again. For your the first task is set in a maze, in this maze there are various triggers that will set up your fears, from small to big, the bigger they are, means the closer you are getting to the end of the maze and to the second task but be aware, they are not just your fears in the maze. There will be obstacles you will have to face, creatures, riddles, etc. To help you in your journey you have been provided with a wand, this wand will perfectly match you, even better than the one on the outside world. If you make it past all seven tasks, you might be able to learn what exactly it is made with. Good luck young traveler, I will speak with you when you have completed the first task if you complete the first task. With that, the writing ended once more and Téa was left a little more than just nervous. The last time she had been in a maze it hadn't gone well, she had ended up going up against Voldemort and watching as a good friend was killed beside her. Mazes weren't, at this moment in time, a place she wanted to be, that she was certain of. Still she had no choice, to get her soul back to her body so that she could save her friends she would have to go into the maze and face her biggest fears. "I will get through this maze, for them, I won't let them fight without me by their side," She growled before looking to the desk to find the wand that the book had indicated. Taking it she was taken aback by the warmth and comfort it brought to her, it indeed felt even better than her Holly and Phoenix wand had. Tightening her grip, she took a deep breath and walked towards double doors.