hoped that Harry ended up in the same house as her. Several minutes later where the Granger girl was sorted into Gryffindor, Neville's name was called. He gulped at the eyes that were on him. He made his way up and sat down and. He actually shuddered when the hat was put on his head. "Mr. Longbottom, it's nice to meet you. Well now, what do we have here? Hmm, yes, yes. You'd do well in Slytherin, you have the thirst to prove yourself, but no, not for you I don't think. Not Ravenclaw. Perhaps Hufflepuff….but no. No, I think that your place is in Gryffindor!" A shocked Neville got up and made his way to his new house amidst cheers. A few names later, Draco's name was called. The boy trudged his way up to the hat and let it be placed upon his head. "Hello there! I must say that this is most unexpected! " You mean that you didn't think that there'd be another Malfoy?" " Malfoy? Oh yes, indeed. Sorry about that, thought you were someone else. Now then, yes. There is only one house for you, Slytherin!" Draco sighed, a little confused at his interaction with the hat, got up and made his way to his new house. Cassie made a spot for him on her right. He smiled at her gratefully and sat down. Later, after Pansy Parkinson was sorted into Slytherin, Harry's name was called. He took a breath to steady himself, and walked smoothly up to the stool, sat down, and waited as the hat was placed on his head. "Well now, another Potter! I remember your mother and father, outstanding Gryffindors. You however, seem to be a different story. You certainly have courage. And a lot of brains even though that thirst for knowledge isn't there. You have loyalty in spades but it's not that highest on your list of qualities. But you have a lot of ambition. Oh yes, you want to surpass your parents. You have big shoes to fill but I am confident that you'll fill them. Yes, you will do well in Slytherin!" Harry breathed a sigh of relief as he made his way to his friends, sitting on Cassie's left. The sorting continued until Ron Weasley was sorted into Gryffindor. As he sat down and the applause died down, Albus Dumbledore stood and motioned for quiet. "Before we gorge ourselves I have only this to say, Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you." With those odd words, the feast appeared in front of everyone and they dug in. Harry looked at Cassie, a bewildered expression on his face. "Every time he comes over I am always reassured that he is not only extremely brilliant, but also certifiably insane." This made the first years around him laugh as a grin appeared on Harry's face. He glanced at the head table to find Dumbledore peering at him with a small smile on his face. After they had sufficiently stuffed their faces, Dumbledore stood up yet again. "Now that we are all full, I have a couple of announcements to make. For one, the Forbidden Forrest is, as the name suggests, forbidden. Please do not go out there unless you'd like to meet a horrible death. The list of banned items is now up to 593 and the list can be found in the office of our Caretaker, Mr. Filtch if any of you are interested in reading it. Now then, you have a long day ahead of you tomorrow so off you trot. Prefects, if you will show our new students to their dorms. Have a good night all!" Harry, Cassie, and Draco dutifully followed the prefects down to the dungeons where the Slytherin dorms and common room were located behind a stone door. The prefect, Jake Flinton, motioned for them to stop. "Now, this is how you lot get into the common room. Remember, curfew is at ten so don't be late." Harry suppressed a grin at the thought of the invisibility cloak that lay in his trunk, ready for use. "Now, the password is posted on the board and a new one will be chosen every Sunday at midnight, so you'd better remember it. For now, it's "Moon Light Madness"." The door opened to reveal an opening which they all climbed through. After they all had gathered into the common room. Jake turned to them again. "Now here's the deal, Professor Riddle is our Head of House. Tomorrow morning at 7 am sharp, he'll call you to his classroom to welcome you all, so you'd better be down here by 6:30 so I can escort you lot there. Now he's fair, but if you piss him of, then on your own head be it. He doesn't like bullies and he doesn't appreciate stupidity. But if you ever need to talk to him, his door is always open, but don't waste his time. Anything small, we solve it in house. Alright then, first year dorms are at the bottom of these stairs, boys on the right and girls on the left. Don't let any of us catch you trying to sneak into someone else's dorm, understand?" A chorus of yes was heard. "Good, now go to bed and remember, 6:30 am sharp." Harry said goodbye to Cassie and followed Draco to their dorm. As he entered, he was in a state of awe. Six large, four poster beds dominated the room with a bathroom off to the side. Each bed had a trunk in front of it and Harry was delighted to find Hedwig's cage with a note saying that a house elf had already gotten her to the owlery. He changed into his night clothes and climbed into bed. He was on the far end away from the bathroom but in front of the door and Draco was next to him. Harry and Draco said goodnight before closing their respective curtains and falling into a deep sleep.