opened the door, and stepped in, looking around. It was furnished just like one would expect it to be furnished, with beds and nighttables lining the room. A few privacy screens were lined up on one wall to the left of the door, and a row of cabinets labelled "Medicine" and "Ingredients" hung on the other wall. One of the nighttables had a note on it, addressed in my name. I picked it up and opened it. Mr. Alabaster Dresden This bed will be yours until you leave the castle, relocate, or the bed becomes needed by someone who needs it more, whichever comes first. I sighed and sat down on the indicated bed. The mattress was one of those kinds you have at camp: Small, somewhat squishy, and thin. Two layers of sheets made up for whatever the mattress lacked. Flopping over, I pulled the Server Link from my Satchel. I looked it over to see exactly what was wrong, but all I could see were a few holes in the wings and a few cracks in the lens. Shaking it gently produced a rattling sound. I turned over the problem in my head. Rowling's magic could definitely fix this, as Reparo was displayed in the trailers for Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them fixing far larger objects, but the use of magic was some kind of genetic ability, and I wasn't sure if I could use it. I had no other option, though. Well, here went nothing. Looking around to make sure that I wasn't being watched by anybody, I looked at the Server Link and wondered how to start it. Placing it on the nighttable, I raised both hands in a sort of Doctor Strange-esque gesture. I moved my left hand over, then drew it back as my right hand waved to my left, and then my right, all in the space of time I said these words in: "Tempum revoco, vulnos sano, res reparo!" It was somewhat more verbose than what Rowling had, but it would work should her magic system hold up. A second passed. I opened my eyes, and saw an amazing sight. The Server Link was repairing itself, due to my usage of Rowling's magic. I looked down at my hands, amazed, as the Server Link started flying again and I synced up with the server. New Fast Travel Point: Hogwarts - Entrance Hall New Fast Travel Point: Hogwarts - Hospital Wing New Region Map: Hogwarts Castle Grounds New Skill: Words of Power (Latin, Rowling) - L1 - Utility- and combat-focused ways to change the world around the caster, Words of Power has different effects depending on the active word set and the words used. This word set is mostly Latin-based, and some words for specific effects are defined by J.K. Rowling (Your Server Link can provide a dictionary as you discover words and invent your own). It seems you have discovered your first fast-travel point! Fast-travelling, like in most other RPGs, is used as the name suggests: To get somewhere quickly. The menu for this can be found in your Server Link menu, where you can choose your destination and hit the button when you're ready to go! Congratulations, you've discovered a map of your surroundings! Depending on which Realm you're in, this message will appear either when you land or when you get your hands on a map. Your Server Link will, at your behest, project a minimap with landmarks 24/7. Do you wish to always project a minimap? - Yes - No I stared at the sudden overload of information dumped on me, and tried to remember where everything was... would be... whatever. I also started the holographic minimap projection, and took a look at where everything was in the castle. Since the map I'd seen had been the Marauders' Map, I also had the option of upkeeping little arrows showing where everyone in the castle - myself included - were (For the sake of not wanting to know, I chose to leave it off for everyone except me). I also started an HP and MS projection, which was pretty self-explanatory. I also gave my Server Link a name, so I wouldn't have to refer to it as just a "Server Link" all the time: Dominic. The final development before I turned in at what my watch said was half past 1 AM was a surprise, but not entirely unexpected considering how I fixed up Dominic. Of course, it was still enough to bring some warm fuzzies, slipped underneath the door or not. Dominic tried reading it for me, but I shushed him along with some words to not do it again "or Mrs. Norris finds out how bronze tastes". HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Dresden, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await word by no later than July 31. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress My head hit the pillow with a huge grin on my face. "I'm a Wizard, Dominic," I whispered, feeling sleep finally take over. Firstly, thank you for reading through all of the 5000 words that this chapter has! It is, by far, the longest chapter I've ever done for Fanfic Net. Second, please comment on how well you think I dipped into the Wizarding World. It means a lot to me if anyone reading this (or any of my stories, for that matter) would favourite this, follow me, or any combination of the four verbs and pronouns. I WILL be doing an outside-universe care-package system, so message me if you have any suggestions for anything in the future. As always, stay tuned, and see you next DLC on: Magic EXE: The Video Game