We went to the Louvre!" Remus then congratulated himself on finally getting that sign right and he continued to translate Devery against his better judgment. "Remus, you know I am still a bloody virgin! For Merlin sake, I haven't even been kissed yet! You know I am a nun! Oh god, Remus! Why are you translating this? Stop translating!" Devery then threw a pillow at Remus's head to make him shut up and she hid her flushed face in her robes. How embarrassing?! Meanwhile, Peter just laughed in the background until Sirius whacked him with a pillow to shut him up. "Ow!" Peter groaned and rubbed his sore head. Sirius was freakishly strong when he wanted to be and rough. "I like the Louvre too," he quickly said to save Devery further embarrassment from Remus's poor translating skills. "My uncle took me there once. The Mona Lisa is really small," Sirius said and Devery strangely felt something play with her long black hair. Probably a spider crawling along her back. A spider with fingers? She suddenly felt and she looked behind curiously to see Sirius's hand on her back? Which he quickly took back when she gave him an odd look for touching her in the first place. "Art is boring in my opinion," Peter finally spoke up from the floor. He was now busily counting out his sickles for the bet. " No surprises there," Devery quickly signed and gave Peter the stink eye. He did laugh at her for being an unkissed virgin. Remus burst out laughing. "Art is not boring. It is full of expression and poetry. I could stare at it for the rest of my life and yet still find meaning in it. Art is life," Sirius looked at Devery pointedly and she couldn't help but smile a little and he returned her smile with a grin before looking at Remus. "You know what, moony?" Sirius then glared at Remus, which sobered him up immediately. His friend looked scary when he glared. "You are a shit translator. You can hardly keep up." Devery felt his body tense up again and she knew it was from frustration. "Well it is not my fault you didn't take the BSL classes Professor McGonagall offered in first and second year. I am doing my best here," Remus returned the glare. "Then sodding teach me this year, you grump," Sirius prompted with hard eyes and everyone grew lost for words. Devery's feelings of embarrassment then turned back to feelings of unsure unease. Peter dropped his sickles everywhere, genuinely stunned. Devery then pointed at Sirius to get his attention and mouthed out the word 'for real?' "Yeah," Sirius nodded. "In all seriousness, I want to learn BSL. I mean, do you really want Remus there being an awkward chaperone, every time I ask you out on a date?" Then Sirius was the one to cover up his mouth and turn red in the face. Devery had a feeling he didn't intend to say that last bit. She felt her jaw drop and Remus translated her reaction without visual prompting. "What in Merlin, padfoot?" Remus blurted out. Sirius wanted to date Devery? Since when? It was completely left field of him and he suddenly wondered if Sirius took too many bludgers to the head over the summer when they played quidditch at James's house. Peter thought the same thing too. Devery had no idea what to say, so she let her body do the doing for her, she stood up and turned to escape to the girl's dormitories but she didn't get very far when Sirius grabbed her wrist. Her feet screeched to a halt and distantly in her stupor, she thought she heard Lily and James, yelling at each other as they entered the common room. She turned her head to check but all she got was a huge eyeful of Sirius Black's sternum. Then her stomach was doing the butterfly dance thing again and she could do anything but ogle. The pull she felt towards him was back and it was back in full force. He left a few buttons open on his white shirt and his Gryffindor tie was hanging loosely under his messy collar. All she could see was his pale chest, a little bit of black curly chest hair and his strong neck. His Adam's apple was bobbing, up and down. He was breathing hard as if he was struggling to piece together words. His hand around her wrist then went around her waist and Devery finally looked up at his face in alarm. The way he looked at her now, stilled her body to the bone with a heat she couldn't decipher. His grey, beautiful eyes were as dark as a stormy sky and there within them, brewed a thunderous feeling. If someone asked her later what happened, she would probably say time just stopped like they did in those romantic movies. She was suspended in space by the heat Sirius stared at her face with. She then felt his other hand stroke the side of her face with his fingertips. "So soft," he whispered in a huskier sounding voice and his arm wrapped around her waist pulled her closer and Devery would remember tomorrow that she didn't mind that at all. She really liked being pressed up against all that lean muscle. And she would remember how she liked the feeling of his black curls tickling her face when he rested his forehead against hers. Sirius then mumbled something about Raven not taking his girl's first kiss before he was doing exactly that. It was a delicious brush of mouths and due to her stupor; it was quite easy for Sirius to turn the kiss into a carnal one. His tongue stroked hers and it was the briefest of strokes because time suddenly snapped back into motion. Remus pulled Sirius away and punched out his lights and Lily banged him up further with a hex.