Harry quickly retreated from the office. She shrugged at Ben who looked very confused, and hurried out after Harry. Once out in the corridor, Harry took Hermione's hand and pulled her towards his office in a hurry. "Harry? What's wrong, why are we hurrying?" Harry didn't reply. He pulled her into his office, made sure no one was around the door, and briskly pulled the door shut. Hermione took a seat while Harry remained on his feet, and began pacing past the door. "Harry...?" "That man, Ben, was that his name?" Hermione nodded. "Do you know who he looks like?" "...no?" "So you didn't recognise him? At all?" "No? Where are you going with this, Harry?" "He looks like-" he broke off and massaged his temples. "He looks just like Voldemort." If Hermione had had a drink, she would have spat it out. She had to take in his words for a moment. "Are... are you alright Harry?" " He's a spitting image of him Hermione! " Harry yelled. "I don't know where this is coming from, Harry. He looks perfectly normal, nothing like him at all!" "No, you're misunderstanding me," Harry said angrily. "He looks just like Voldemort when he was young. I forget that you wouldn't have known. In our second year, when I saw him... he looks just like Tom Riddle. Just... a little older. He looks like the memories that Dumbledore showed me in sixth year, you know the ones when he was trying to get the cup from that old woman?" Hermione let out a nervous laugh. "You can't – you can't be serious Harry?" " Do I look like I'm joking?! " "But – but you saw those memories years ago! You could just be confused! After hunting him down these seven years, of course it would have gotten to you," Hermione rationalised. "It's probably just a coincidence even if he does look a bit like Tom Riddle." "You think I could ever forget? After all he put me through?! " Harry yelled. "It's not just a coincidence! There's no way it could be. Think about it! What if that's why no one has heard from him or seen him in so long? Because he doesn't look like he used to!" "Alright, hypothetically, even if you're right and he has altered his appearance – which I don't think you are – don't you think I would have recognised a glamour? Or Kingsley? It can't possibly be polyjuice potion, we all know he had no hair. If he had taken unicorn's blood or had somehow found another Philosopher's stone, he'd still look old and evil. The parts of his soul were destroyed , he can't have split it further. There's no way to reverse age, or soul destruction, Harry. There's just no way ," Hermione said, taking a deep breath at the end of her rant. "Well... there must be. Maybe I can ask Ginny, she'd recognise him," Harry thought out loud. "Don't tell Ginny. If you bring her in and say 'point out Voldemort', of course she'll think she recognises him, because you would have already put the idea there yourself. Bring her in and accidentally bump into him. She'd be sure to tell you if she had suspicions," Hermione suggested. "Why would the universe be so cruel to make two of him?" Harry pondered. "Surely someone else would have noticed if he looks so much like Tom Riddle. You weren't the only one to have seen him. Don't you think they would have mentioned the resemblance? Especially with Rita Skeeter's book?" Hermione asked. "Maybe... maybe since it had been so long, and they didn't think much of him at the time... maybe they just didn't put it together..." Hermione sighed. "I really think you should let this go Harry. Ben's your boss now too, you can't treat him differently because of who he might look like. It's his job to look for Voldemort too now, remember?" "Well... at least check him out," Harry said. "Look into his background. See if it stands." "I'm sure if it's been good enough for Kingsley, it'll be good enough for me," Hermione commented. "But... it's perfect. Who would possibly think to look for him in the Ministry Department that's looking for him? No one!" Harry continued. "But you work here. Why on earth would Voldemort want to work for the Ministry of Magic, with you of all people? Please Harry, please let it go," Hermione pleaded. "For your own sake. It'll look into him as much as I can, if it will make you feel better." "Thanks Hermione," Harry said sadly. "That's alright," she rose from her seat and gave him another light hug. "He won't stay gone forever, don't worry." "Give Ben my apologies, will you? Busy day and all..." "Of course," Hermione said. "I'll see you later." As she made her way back to her own office, he mind ran wild. It had to be a coincidence, it just had to be. Voldemort had never shown any interest in working for the Ministry, why would he start now, when it was more dangerous for him than ever? No, it had to be a coincidence. "Strange fellow, isn't he?" Ben looked at her curiously as she passed through the office again. "He's just been having some stressful days lately, I'm sure you can understand," Hermione said quickly, trying to analyse his features without staring too much. Honestly, where had that idea come from? Ben looked nothing like Voldemort! Maybe except for his height... and possibly his posture... "Yes of course, what it must be like, being the Boy Who Lived," Ben smiled. His teeth. Although they were much cleaner than Hermione could remember, his teeth looked... almost identical to the teeth that had belonged to Lord Voldemort. Maybe Harry wasn't completely insane... "Are you alright, Granger?" Ben asked after a pause. Hermione had been staring. "Yes, yes, fine. And it's Weasley," she frowned. "Right you are."