in the library looking up books trying to find out what curse it was that hit you. Madam Pomfrey and Professor Dumbledore are also trying to help you, just give it a bit of time for now." Harry felt a little calmer knowing people were trying to help him. He glanced at the empty chair by his side. "Where is Ginny?" he wrote down. Hermione and Ron both gave each other a quick glance. "Harry… I think Ginny needed a moment to herself, she does not know what to do and she blames herself for what happened." Hermione explained. "Why?" he scribbled down quickly. "Well you saved her. You stepped in front of that curse meant for her." Ron answered. "I did?" "Yes and for that I cannot thank you enough Harry." Ron said. At this moment Harrys eyes got a little misty and he pretended to adjust his glasses while quickly wiping his eyes. "Just give it some time and I think she will be back soon enough." Hermione continued. Harry nodded. Ron and Hermione left an hour later but promised to return the next day. They had apparently spent most of last week at his side in the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey stopped by a few times to check up on him and run a few diagnostic spells. As Harry lay in bed he had a very hard time falling asleep. Perhaps it was because he had just slept for a week or perhaps it was because of everything he had learned today. Could it be true? Ron and Hermione seemed very friendly and Ginny obviously cared a great deal for him. A part of him also felt very lucky. Ginny was apparently his girlfriend and since he had not talked to her that much his main thoughts were on how pretty she was. There was also something very familiar about her somewhere in the back of his mind, he just could not figure out what. He eventually fell asleep. Images of people and places flooded his mind. He was sitting in a somewhat familiar living room. It was full of worn but well cared for furniture. A lot of pictures crowded the walls and the paraffin lamps created a warm golden glow in the room. Harry felt very warm and safe, as if he was finally home. As he continued to scan the room his heart almost stopped. In the armchair across from him sat Ginny. She was reading a book. The warm glow of the lights made her hair sparkle and look almost as if it was on fire. Her brown eyes seemed to have flecks of gold. It was the most beautiful thing Harry had ever seen. She looked up from the book and saw Harry looking at her. She smiled and blushed. "Harry, you are staring." she whispered. He was just about to apologize when there was a loud crash from the next room. Ginny got up immediately and drew one of those wand things from her pocket. Harry stood up but before he could react, several people in dark robes had entered the room. Ginny stepped in front of Harry and tried to wave her wand trough the air but before she could do so a green light had hit her in the chest. She started falling backwards and Harry caught her. As he ended up on the floor with her in his arms he noticed how still she was. He looked down at her face. Her eyes were still open but the warm glow and flecks of gold were gone. "Ginny?" he asked tentatively. He shook her lightly but there was no reply and Harry could already feel the warmth leaving her, she was dead. Sadness filled him and he screamed with rage. There was a cold and hard laugh and Harry looked up. He heard a woman scream and there was a blinding green light. Harry woke up, he was sweating all over. There was a rustle of fabric next to him. "Harry, It's alright I'm here." A familiar voice came out of the darkness. His heavy breathing and thrashing around must have startled her. He heard her mutter something under her breath and a moment later the candle on his nightstand was lit. The light cast long shadows over the stone walls and Harry was again lost for words (both literally and in his head) at how beautiful Ginny was. Her hair was a little bit more in order than yesterday and she was wearing a green dressing gown over her pyjamas. "I couldn't sleep so I sneaked out to come down here instead, I hope you don't mind?" Harry shook his head. "I'm sorry, I must look a right mess." she said. Harry blushed and shook his head again, he realized he must have been staring. "Bad dream?" Harry nodded and tried to look straight ahead or at his hands. "It's alright, you can tell me… Oh, sorry. I mean, well…" Harry thought for a while, should he wright about dreaming of her? No he couldn't, it would look very weird. He shook his head and he thought for a while that she looked a bit disappointed. "Il be here for you, try and go back to sleep." She took his hand and Harry felt both a little nervous and a bit calmer. He stared in to the ceiling and listened to her breathing. Harry lay awake for a long time and he was sure she was awake too. Eventually sleep overpowered him but this time there were no bad dreams. A/N: Ok, so this i just something that came to me last night and I had to write it down. I haven't decided yet if this is something I should continue or not so please tell me what you think. If I should continue please give me some ideas. I have no clue if he should get his memory back or not and if yes, how? Please review.