I can stop Voldemort from being resurrected?" Harry asked thoughtfully. The idea did have its merits but Voldemort was only one problem; there were so many problems in the magical world that it would take more than just that to keep the magical world safe. "I thought bad things happen to wizards who meddle with time?" " You aren't just a wizard, Harry Potter ," Death said dryly. " Why stop there? You could fix anything… everything ." "Why should I?" Harry scowled. After the way he had been treated, why should he care about what became of the magical world? He was so damn sick of all the hypocrisy and backstabbing. " Whether you like it or not, it is your world ," Death informed him, " The hat was right, Slytherin was where you belonged, where you would have met your true friends… where you would have changed the world ." "How do you know that?" Harry asked, feeling lost. " I don't just see what is, I can see what could be, what will be and all the events that shape them into what they are ." Death told him. "And you saw what my life would have been like in Slytherin?" Harry enquired. " I did. You would not have trusted Dumbledore, would not have been so quick to go on your trials; your friends would have talked you out of it and insisted that they tell a teacher they trust. You would not have returned to the Dursleys, for they would have let you stay regardless of what the old fool Dumbledore suggested. You would have been dark, yes, but not evil, and you would have still won the war, but much quicker ." He refrained from stating that his friends would have survived and had his back at the end of it all; he surmised that it was probably still a touchy subject for the young Master of Death. "I could still do that if you teach me how to travel in time," Harry said; the idea was growing on him. " There is a catch ," Death replied. "Oh?" Harry enquired― there always was. " It takes nine months at least for your magic to recuperate enough to handle the trip after you go to one point in history ," Death explained to him in the only way the boy could understand. "Makes sense," Harry mused. Could he save his parents? Was it possible to go that far back without altering the course of history? The thought of making everything worse was terrifying, he would admit. " You are thinking too small ," Death replied, " But that's not unusual, with time you'll flourish in your new gift ." He was confident in that. "Too small? What do you want from me? You obviously have something planned; just come out and say it. I spent too many years being manipulated and I won't have it happen again… with anyone," Harry snapped, anger getting the better of him. Without his occlumency shields it was little wonder he was a little emotional. Harry had spent so long burying his own emotions, there was a lot of anger to really deal with and not just move it aside to 'think about later'. A devastating growl had Harry cringing, or more so since he was already being shaken by the vibrations. Well, maybe it hadn't been the best idea to practically accuse… death of being manipulative. " You're already manipulated time. Once you dug into your gifts from me, a stray thought is all it takes; just before the killing curse hit you, you were transported through time," Death informed him calmly, as if he had not just growled at Harry. "Oh, great," Harry groaned, "Just exactly where am I?" he dreaded the answer. "Please tell me it's not the Stone Age." Death found himself amused by the young Master's sense of humour. " No, a very significant year, funnily enough: 1941 ," "The nineteen forties?" Harry rasped out wide-eyed, staring up at the whiteness as if he could somehow manage to see through it. "Wait, why is that a significant time?" He was desperately trying to think of what happened during that time to make it significant. He had a feeling he already knew but it just wouldn't come to him. " Tom Marvolo Riddle has just begun his third year; he has not yet caused the death of his classmate, nor has he split his soul ," Death revealed; he didn't let Harry know of his future in this timeline. " You alone can make him see reason ," "But I won't have anything, my money… my name… how am I supposed to deal with all that?" Harry questioned, slightly worried. " Use the last name Peverell ," Death revealed. "Staying there will change things?" Harry asked. " That is entirely up to you; what you do with your time here will decide whether the magical world thrives or dies ." Death explained. "No pressure there, then," Harry said ironically. " Yes ," Death gloated, " You'll do extremely well in Slytherin ." Things were about to finally get more interesting for Harry Potter… but he had always been destined for great things. Master of Death and Lord of Time. His greatness was just beginning, and with all his knowledge he could prevent it all. He could sense it was time for him to return to the real world; let the games begin. Just like that, Harry disappeared, and Death as always watched over his favourite, with smug satisfaction. He had known this day was coming, had seen it when he collected the soul of Harry's ancestor: Ignotus. He had waited a very long time, then a tugging caught his attention. Death never ended, which meant his job was never over. He watched over the boy for a few more seconds before he appeared where he was needed. Edited by Jake and Jordre thanks guys!