hung slightly open. Aberforth smiled. "Is this...a door?" Minerva asked breathlessly. Their only indication was that it seemed to be the end of the tunnel and they knew this couldn't be the end of the journey. The humongous phoenix looked incredibly real. Every single inch of it was covered in so much detail and color that they had to touch it to know it was stone. It stood tall, head staring straight, its black beak open as if calling out. Its wings were spread against the adjacent walls and curled off it so that once completely in front it, the wings seemed to almost close around them. And its clawed feet actually pierced through the stone ground, as if it were gripping the tunnel itself. Aberforth nodded. "It is." He took the cloak from his hiding place. Immediately, a blue slow-pulsing Deathly Hallows symbol appeared on the chest of the phoenix. Following his instincts, he lightly tapped the symbol with his wand. Immediately the phoenix jumped to life. Aberforth, Minerva, and Harry all jumped backwards but not far enough in time. The phoenix wings surrounded them nearly instantly and completely and its head snapped downwards. Its shimmering eyes studied the 3 for a few seconds and then its head cocked back, a wild screeching cry erupting from its stone mouth. As the echoes of it died out throughout the tunnel, the stone phoenix suddenly lit up in bright flames that felt like a cool breeze against their skin. They shielded their eyes and watched as the entire stone phoenix burned to the tunnel floor. As a pile of ashes dropped around them, their eyes adjusted to a light filled arch in front of them. They stepped through it to find a prodigious opening under an artificially lit cave ceiling that had to be at least 100-150 feet above their heads, and the cave itself stretched further than they could see. They gazed around in utter astonishment. Several island-like domes floated in the air throughout the cave. The one closest to them held all kinds of magical creatures. From the angle they stood they could see young thestrals playing in the trees and birds flying above them. Hippogriffs were grooming their feathers and the feathers of their young ones. Crups pounced around, wagging their forked tails proudly. Harry gasped as he saw a Nemean flash by. In another dome far to the left of that, it looked like an electric snow globe. There was tons of electrical discharge and sparks flying around in many different colors. Pink then green then blue then purple, domes filled with all kinds of silver metallic equipment none of them had seen before. Speaking of strange equipment, Harry chuckled at the fact that he could see a dome in the distance with all kinds of muggle artifacts in it. Toasters, televisions, radios, washing machines, he could even see a couple of muggle cars and construction vehicles. Nearly everything in there probably used electricity. Arthur Weasley would lose his nuts and bolts in there, like a kid in a candy store. Harry wondered what they were doing in such a magical place. In another floating dome they could see so many plants of so many kinds. It had a paradise look to it, so peaceful. They were sure they could see a whomping willow planted dead center of it. But it wasn't all bad, the Golden Apple trees with shimmering trunks were pretty amazing to catch a glimpse of - and those were just the domes they could get a good look at. There were many more domes that wasn't close enough to see inside of. And there were more than just those domes hanging about with many holographic banners showing dark wizards still on the loose. The Carrows were probably the most notable as Harry had been chasing them for years. There was also Antonin Dolohov, Augustus Rookwood, and Walden Macnair sneering from their banners. Harry and Minerva also saw incredible holographic animals that actually flew around the base. All three of their mouths dropped open as a huge holographic Thunderbird cawed and flew right over their heads, dimming out all the light from the humongous cave ceiling. Harry grinned a grin that said "boy am I happy I came along". McGonagall had a permanent look of surprise and awe. And Aberforth was completely and thoroughly impressed. "Damn Albus," he said quietly. "You really outdid yourself, didn't you?" They heard a quiet crunch behind them and saw the arch they just walked through blocked by a stone wall with the words "Welcome to the DHS" etched into it in red. When they turned back around to the incredible scene in front of them, a real phoenix was now standing there. Though twice the size of Fawkes he looked just as friendly. The phoenix tilted its head as it stood there, seeming to study them as its stone counterpart had done. Then they noticed a large circular yellow compartment behind it that almost looked like...a lemon drop? Harry immediately busted out laughing. "A sherbet lemon? Really Professor? Some things never change do they." The compartment had 3 seats in it, like they were already being expected. They eased in and sat down. As soon as they did, the phoenix picked up the compartment by the roof and flew off, carrying them through the base. There was so much to see it was impossible to lay eyes on it all. Especially when their main concern became the bird's destination. Where was it taking them? It flew them through the main cave and through some narrower darker parts of the base. Finally minutes later it stopped above a cliff-like protrusion and gently set them down. It flew away. They got out the lemon drop and a few feet in front of them was a door slightly ajar. THE DIRECTOR was etched on its front. Aberforth, Harry, and McGonagall glanced at each other before slowly pressing forward... To Be Continued...