uncrossed his arms, reaching for his quill. "No, I . . ." Hermione scrambled. "I hoped you might afford me an opportunity . . . to earn the points back." He halted, his outstretched fingers twitching slightly before returning to tuck under his bicep. "In what manner?" "Well, I thought perhaps I could do some extra tuition? Or additional assignments? I could even clean—perhaps the potions store room needs rearranging or . . . something else? I could help staff to prepare for classes or—" "Has it escaped your notice that this is supposed to constitute a punishment?" Hermione looked taken aback. "I don't—" "No doubt extra assignments would set you in the pit of despair, Miss Granger," he sniped sarcastically. "Extra tuition would have you delirious with remorse." Hermione opened her mouth to respond but nothing came out. "Why are you dressed like that?" Her brow creased as she regarded her clothing in confusion. "This is my uniform." "I am aware . . . My question is, why are you wearing it? No senior student would wear their uniform at this time of night." It was true. It had been a mistake. "I'm not sure. I just thought—" "Did you want to show me something?" It took a moment for his words to sink in. Her eyes flickered up to his face which betrayed nothing before she looked away. "No, sir." "Are you . . . positive?" Her mouth was desert dry. Her heart thrashed wildly. Had she tried to appeal to him in that way? Subconsciously? It didn't seem likely. But perhaps this was it. The compromise. The punishment. "I don't think so. But . . ." "But?" He shifted slightly in his seat. "Is there something . . . you would wish to see?" She forced herself to look at him. His jaw rolled subtly, as though he was sucking a boiled sweet. "Lift your skirt." Hermione's eyes widened at his directness. Her hands hung limply by her sides, unsure of how to move, where to move. This was so far from what she had ever expected—a level of intimacy that made no sense to her at all. It was like flirting with a shark. Could she do it? Was it worth it? She was well aware that once she did it, she couldn't undo it. They would be indelibly bound by that moment. Could she ever face him again? But then she thought about the students—all the others she would have to face if she did nothing. At least if they saw the points returning, knowing she was earning them back, they might start to forgive her. And it wasn't as though he would tell anyone. It would stay between them. Their dirty little secret. Until she got her N.E. and she could tell him in no uncertain terms to go screw himself. Hands trembling slightly, Hermione grasped the front of her skirt and scrunched it in her fists before lifting. The woollen fabric grazed against her bare legs as she slowly brought it up, stopping just before she reached her knickers. She felt herself swaying with the labour of her breathing. His eyes were down there. Staring. Her cheeks burned. Then the fingers hooked around his arm flexed slightly and he lifted his chin. "Higher." She closed her eyes momentarily before continuing to expose herself. She couldn't even remember what knickers she'd put on that morning. It could be any pair. As she lifted, he watched her like a hawk, lips pressing together almost imperceptibly as her knickers—black when she glanced down—were revealed. She stopped at her waist, holding her skirt with white-knuckled fists, her legs jellified as he continued to stare. She didn't imagine it could be particularly fascinating but he kept her like that for an excruciatingly long time before his gaze finally dragged up to rest upon her face. "Five points to Gryffindor." She exhaled shakily as she dropped her skirt. "Thankyou." Neither moved. "Another twenty five if you . . . touch yourself." "Touch?" She tried to read his face. "Masturbate." "Oh." "Over me." "Oh." Her second 'Oh' was high pitched and strangled. Masturbate over him? She could barely tolerate speaking to him. What made him think she would be that desperate? And shouldn't he be concerned that she would tell someone? He could be totally disgraced, lose his position at Hogwarts. He might even face prosecution. Why would he take such a risk? But, then again, who would believe her? After receiving one of Hogwarts' most extreme punishments the previous day, it may simply appear as an attempt to discredit him. No doubt that's what he would claim. "I could scrub cauldrons?" "No." "I don't mind working hard." "I expect you to work hard." She stared at him. Surely there was something else she could do. Anything. "Can't I do something else?" She could hear the note of pleading in her voice. "No. Traditional punishments are either easy or enjoyable for you," he stated simply. She was desperate to object but unfortunately his appraisal was accurate. She enjoyed working hard, physically and mentally. She enjoyed helping people. She didn't even mind writing out lines—it had become rather meditative in the end. But he was offering her twenty five points for what? —the most improper and personal exchange she had ever endured? What would she have to do for the entire five hundred? Did she even want to know? Hermione felt the agony playing out on her face and he clearly seemed to be enjoying it, black eyes shining as he reclined in his seat to watch her. If she declined the offer, she would be stuck with a four hundred and ninety five point deficit, attracting uniform hated from her housemates for the remainder of her time at Hogwarts. If she accepted she would have to endure something excruciating but of limited duration. Releasing a shuddering sigh, she reached for the clasp to her robe. "Where do you want me?"