For he knew those eyes would never be the same after the Prince left this room. "There was a prophecy made just a month before your birth . . ." he began. Ragnarok poured all of his knowledge and theories out to the two humans in front of him and struggled to keep his emotions in check. It was not fair that Nicholas' face slowly became more fearful as Ragnarok spoke. It was not fair that the boy would need to know of the darkness in this world at such a young age. It was not fair that Ragnarok had to impart this onto Nicholas just so the boy could understand why it would not be best if he went to Hogwarts. It just was not fair. Desmond sat thoughtfully in the seat that he had conjured for himself while Nicholas sat on his own. "There will be another dark lord?" Desmond asked. The Goblin King shook his head. "It is not likely. It was already established that Nicholas is the Prince of the prophecy. Further, Potter was confirmed when Lord Voldemort, a dark lord, marked him on the night of his parent's death – a misfortune that happened to fall on Halloween night or 'All Hallows' Eve' as the prophecy put it. I, myself, am the King of Goblins who was to be your kin." Nicholas narrowed his eyes in concentration, trying to recall another part of the foretelling of the future. "What of the . . . the Lioness, was it?" Ragnarok nodded in confirmation that Nicholas had her name correct and allowed him to finish. "Do you know who she is and what does our souls being bound mean?" the Prince queried. "No, I still do not know who she is. I must admit that she is the only mysterious figure inside the prophecy." Ragnarok then considered his next words before speaking them, "The binding of souls in the prophecy specifically describes what is called a soul-bond by wizards. This is a bond that occurs when two magical beings are recognised upon birth by the Earth Core Magic as being perfectly compatible in mind, body and magic. Thus, the deep magic of the lands binds them together so they are always led to each other and incomplete without the other. From what I have read over the years, the process of discovering the other could take as little as a few months to even decades. Nonetheless, I have faith that we will at least know who she is very soon – a young girl of powerful magic is not easy to be kept hidden." Lord Desmond suddenly widened his eyes and whispered, "Powerful magic." Ragnarok sat straighter in interest. "You have suspicions, Lord Desmond?" "I have a hunch, Sire. I met a remarkable young girl five years ago – she had a great burst of accidental magic, none like I had ever seen. Her sadness began to affect the surrounding elements, she defied gravity itself and began swirling winds around herself that only got stronger as the minutes passed until I was able to calm her." "Why was she so sad?" Nicholas asked. Desmond's brown eyes lowered in sadness. He hesitated before saying, "She – she was abandoned in a playground by a person who should have cared deeply for her." "She was born in the mundane world," Ragnarok stated – correctly if Desmond's nod was anything to go by. "It would make sense. The old pureblood families are too inbred to have magical ability past the bare minimum. Fresh blood has the most power." Desmond hummed in agreement. "I have been keeping an eye on her at a distance. She is due to get her own Hogwarts letter in September if I recall correctly, but I think I will push for the Druid Institute to send her our own offer on my own personal recommendation." Nicholas considered the words that were being spoken in front of him. "She could be in Hogwarts with me?" he whispered sadly. Ragnarok stepped off of his desk and moved around to stand in front of Nicholas, reaching to hold one of the boy's hands. "Apparently so, little prince. Yet, I think you have realised why you are likely to not be going to Hogwarts." "I am the Prince destined to be King in the prophecy – Hogwarts cannot teach me to be King," Nicholas said, almost diplomatically, his silver eyes shining. Ragnarok squeezed his hand like he always did when comforting the Prince. Desmond chose to speak at that moment. "There are many reasons why you should or shouldn't go, Your Highness. You have, however, understood the major reason why you should not. Hogwarts is plagued with texts and instructors with extreme bias which is not something I can recommend for someone who is supposed be the country's head of government. Simply said, Hogwarts would only be a waste of valuable time you can have to truly prepare." The Prince let a tear fall on his pale cheek. "So I am to just wait until the dark lord comes back?" "Yes," Ragnarok grumbled in anger and grief for the boy's loss of innocence. Nicholas bent his head down in submission to his fate. The years that followed would be the longest Nicholas had ever known. Time that was instantly forgotten once his eyes finally fell upon hers. A/N: The stage is set! It was a large starting chapter, I know, but it is focused on an OC - he needs some sort of background before this story properly begins. Nearly 10 years in 9540 words is pretty good - considering the time span. I'm going to clarify for the sake of you hardcore Harmony shippers who are hungry for just another soul bond story, this is not Harry/Hermione. Harry will be a main character, definitely, but his involvement with Hermione will be of the extremely strong friendship/sibling kind. I hope you'll still give this story a chance, though. - Guardian.