up for lost years. It left Harry breathless when they finally separated. "Come out and have a drink with me after the game?" Malfoy said, sounding nearly as breathless as Harry felt. Harry thought about his response for a split second. He ran a hand through Malfoy's soft blond hair as he donned a smirk of his own. "Hmm, I think that could be nice. Or, you could come back to my flat and we can have a drink there?" Malfoy's eyes widened at the suggestiveness in Harry's voice, then smirked right back at him. "I think that sounds like a wonderful idea." They then faced forward putting their attention back on the game. Harry couldn't focus on it to save his life. All he could think about was leaving with Malfoy and taking him back to his place. He shivered as his imagination ran wild, thinking of all the things he planned to do with the blond once they arrived there. It took him less than a minute to turn away from the game to look back at Malfoy. He grinned when he saw those beautiful grey eyes were already on him, a look of longing in them. "Fuck the game?" Harry said quickly. Malfoy nodded curtly. "Yes, I think so." "Let's go." They both stood up and rather roughly pushed passed people to get to the stairs at the end of their row. Grins planted on their faces, the two men made their way down the stairs as quickly as possible. Once on ground level, they headed for the stadium's exit. They arrived outside and began speed walking to where they could safely apparate. "Wait!" Malfoy's hand reached out, grabbing Harry's wrist and forcing him to stop and face him. "I have… a confession to make." Harry thought this couldn't be good. He glared at Malfoy and said, "Well? What is it?" Malfoy looked like he was trying to smile innocently, but it appeared more like a grimace. "Well you see, I bought my ticket to this game from George. He told me he and his brother couldn't go so he was trying to get rid of them." "Wait," Harry interrupted him, "you know George?" "I'm his supplier for all of his potions needs for his joke shop." Malfoy said simply. "How did I never know this?" Harry mumbled distractedly. When he realized he was supposed to be interrogating Malfoy on what he'd done, he looked up and said, "Continue." "Well, like I said, George offered to sell me the tickets. I wasn't really interested in this particular game, lord knows I go to enough Quidditch games, and these two teams held little interest to me. However, he then felt the need to mention that you would be there. I guess he figured with our history it was only fair to warn me." He laughed lightly. "Okay, so you knew I was going to be here." Harry said, wondering what Malfoy's point was. Malfoy nodded. "What George didn't know, however, was that I've sort of…" He paused looking quite embarrassed, running a hand through his hair nervously. "Well, as much as I hate to admit it, you've continuously been on my mind for at least five years." Harry felt his stomach flip upon hearing these words. "I've only seen you a handful of times since the end of our time at Hogwarts, but every time I did see you I knew I wanted you just as much as I did during our 'Eight Year'. I just didn't know how to go about forming a relationship with you after everything in our past. So, George offering me a seat next to you seemed like my chance." Harry couldn't help but smile. "Well, Malfoy, you're just full of surprises today, aren't you? This is probably the last thing I'd ever expect you to say to me." "Before you get all sappy or whatever you're planning, there's one more thing." He swallowed hard and visibly. "I sort of…generously tipped the camera man before the game to show us on the Kiss Cam. I'd known about it from all the games I've attended this year." He shrugged, refusing to look at Harry. "I figured I might have a shot if I could get to kiss you. Plus, I just really wanted to kiss you." Just as he was finishing his little speech, Harry grabbed Malfoy's face with both hands, pulling him down slightly to kiss him again. This one was brief but sweet. Harry pulled away wanting to say what he was on his mind. "You thought I'd be mad?" He laughed gleefully for a moment before continuing. "I don't think anyone has ever worked so hard to… win me over. Unless of course they were desperate to be with me because of my fame." He continued to stare deep into Malfoy's eyes as he said, "But I know that's not the case with you. Like you said that's the exact reason you despised me for all those years." Malfoy had a small smile on his face by this point. "I thought you'd think I was, I don't know, manipulating you or something." Shaking his head, Harry said, "Believe me, within five minutes of seeing you and talking to you today, I knew I liked you and wanted you." Apparently unable to help himself, Malfoy wrapped his arms around Harry's waist and threw his head back, laughing. "Well then, Potter, I do believe we have a date." Harry laughed as well. "Yes, Malfoy. A bottle of firewhiskey at my flat awaits us." He winked. Malfoy raised an eyebrow at that, saying, "You're sure about this then?" "Positive." With that they walked a little further to where they knew it was safe to do so and apparated away. Well, that's it! Almost disgustingly sweet, I realized while rereading it. But I don't know, I kind of like it… but your opinion matters most to me, so let me know what you thought please!