from him. The moment I break free I get ambushed by your bungling, inept excuses for wizards you call Aurors." This strange adult version of Ginny Weasley lifted her head quickly, outraged. Draco warmed to the topic, one hand absently brushing aside a mediwizard's wand tip from his face. "I can only imagine how quick you were all to accuse me of wrongdoing just because I'm a Slytherin and a Malfoy. I never wanted to 'follow in my Father's footsteps,' I was under a great deal of pressure from You-Know-Who to join his ranks. I resisted, naturally, and Professor Snape had spent all school year trying to persuade me. When that didn't work-" Ginny jumped to her feet, pointed hat fluttering down to the table. It was similar the look on her face moments before she put a Bat-Bogey hex on him fifth year, fury and disgust. "Why, of all the despicable, rotten, lousy lies to ever spew out of your mouth! Do you expect us to believe that you didn't buckle under the pressure the moment Voldemort threatened your oh-so-fine skin? Better wizards than you, Malfoy, gave into his demands!" "Auror Weasley, please have a seat," the wizard said mildly, unaffected by the outburst. His lip curled back in a triumphant smirk. "Auror Weasley, is it? Highly vaunted? Tell me, did your brother ever escape the mediocrity of being Potter's sidekick, or has he been overshadowed by his little sister as well?" Ginny flushed a mottled red, her fists clenching. He didn't bother to hide his satisfaction. After spending the past several hours feeling helpless and ready to scream, it felt good to cause someone else the same frustration. "Auror Weasley, please have a seat," the witch said more firmly, then fixed her gaze on him. "If you are finished goading one of your very few supporters, please let me speak." After a moment of silence while Ginny regained her composure, she nodded. "Once the results indicate that you are indeed impaired from a well-executed memory charm, you will be released for a limited time." "I thought memory loss didn't mean I was rehabilitated," Draco said rather smugly, hiding the small thrill of hope that went through him. "No, it does not, and indeed you are not. However, it is the fervent stipulation of the world's most accomplished wizards and witches in the field that dealing with familiar surroundings will prove more beneficial than simply removing the charm." "Aren't you going to remove the charm?" he bit out impatiently. How could they expect him to go to the outside world with no memory of the past ten years? "It has already been tried." "What about these 'most accomplished wizards and witches'?" His voice was sharp with disdain. "Has anything been done except let these half-wits poke their wands around my head?" He shoved aside the wand tip of one of the male mediwizards as it brushed his ear. "Unfortunately, one of the foremost witches in our branch of has recently passed away," the older witch said coolly, pressing her fingers together. "Obviously, we will not be releasing you without accompaniment. One Auror and one trained mediwizard will be assigned to you at all times. They are there for your protection as well as others'." She rose to her feet, followed by the red-eyed, ashen-faced Weasley and the ancient wizard. "Wait!" He felt a surge of panic, shoving an errant wand tip away again. "I still have questions! You can't just leave without telling me what I've missed! You can't do this!" "I'm sorry, Mr. Malfoy, but it is out of my hands. Even the questions we have answered were too much." They swept out. Good, he was seconds away from pleading with them to come back. Malfoys never begged. Instead, he clenched his fists, the temptation mounting to knock his fist into one of the mediwizards' face as they filed out as well. Of course, Malfoys did not employ fisticuffs either. His father had not condoned physical violence from one wizard to another; it was such a lowbrow Muggle resolution. Like a pig pushing its snout in the mud, rooting for a solution to a problem that could be handled with finesse and elegance. A moment later, the door opened to reveal Dean Thomas, who hadn't aged well in his opinion. He kept his wand trained on Draco. He covered his rising dismay by noting the loose threads hanging down from Dean's sleeves, the broad forehead that gave him a prematurely balding look, and the old, scuffed shoes that flashed beneath the hem of his robes. Dean, however, seemed to have no more interest in him other than the occasional cursory glance over his shoulder as they walked. Draco hated him, knowing the other boy must be so smug in his false superiority, leading around a captive pureblood. Dean must be remembering every slight Draco had dealt him and all his Housemates. How the tall boy must be gloating, he thought furiously. "How does it feel to see your old girlfriend, Dean? I've always wondered, did she start snogging Potter before or after she dumped you?" No response. After a mind-numbing distance, Dean turned to him with wand withdrawn and arms crossed. "You know, I never liked you when we went to school. I thought you were smug and arrogant, and I never started liking you after we graduated." He paused a moment, and used his wand to tap the side of the wall. "But to be honest, Draco, I stopped hating you a long time ago. I grew up," he said simply. Draco saw the glint of pity in the other wizard's eyes as he stepped in the white room. The next several hours were spent in blissful rage. By the end of it, Draco was exhausted and the Daily Prophet in thousands of tiny pieces littering the floor. AN: This is a previously posted story that is being edited and revised. Eventually will also be on Ao3.