of dating and feelings was all new to the fourteen year old. Since no one had asked her yet not even Ron . Who she thought might would have. she decided to take a chance on the kind acting Bulgarian. ' Yes i would love to' Hearing those words made Viktor's day. Hell his year even. Kissing her goodbye on the cheek this time they parted ways. He had done it and she had said yes . He would be able to touch and maybe even hold her soon there were no words to describe the anticipation and giddiness he felt. Grinning he headed in for the night. 4 All in all the night had gone great at first. Hell he stayed constantly hard those first few hours after seeing and being in close proximity of her in that thin silk dress. Not only that but her sweet attitude was a delight . She was such an innocent charming young thing . It made him all the more attracted to her. The night could have ended in so many great ways . They could have danced on til the band stopped playing like on that muggle ship that sank all those many years before his time. They could have took a walk under the December stars and when she complained about getting to cold he would have pulled her close and encircled her in his arms and held her til she was past being warm. They could have snuck off to some dark secluded part of the castle away from prying eyes . Where he would have found a room to lead her into . There he could have cornered her where she couldn't run or even turn her head to the side.. His fist would of been gripping it. They would of kissed .His fingers would start creeping could have gone further done more maybe. Instead she ran out crying didn't even give me a proper goodbye, noticed that Potter left after her. Was a shame a real damn crying shame. Yes it could all have gone better had it not been for that little carrot topped swat that couldn't keep his damn mouth shut about whatever it was that had upset her. Viktor suspected the little insect was jealous. No matter his little ass was gonna pay for messing up his night with Hermione . Two months that's how long it was before she spoke to him again and that was only a few words. Even after He saved her life in the Second Task she still was ignoring him and the little swat . He followed her around looking for a chance to speak but she always seemed to be with potter. More alarming was the way she was acting around him ,small little blushes that potter didn't see or those shy flirty little smiles that girls just didn't use on best friends. Viktor was beginning to suspect there might be some truth in Rita Skeeters writings and he wasn't happy even if the Potter boy wasn't showing the same signs back to her. The year was drawing close to the end and he was fucking losing on all ends. One thing for sure before it did end the swat would pay big time for making things go wrong at the Yule ball ,and potter would lose at the end ,that boy had enough fame. And before he left this school Hermione would give him something to remember. 5 "MOTHER FUCKING COCK SUCKING FUCKING WANKER PANSY" Viktor roared so loud the frames on the walls shook . He was currently in his private chambers, yelling and ranting to himself. No one could hear him as silencio had been cast as soon as the door slammed shut. Everything had gone to shit in a hand basket. Literally. He could fucking smell it, if he sniffed hard enough. I mean dammit He fucking lost the damn fucking tournament to fucking potter no less . Oh but he was possessed they said, under the imperio they said. Sure he was fucking cursed alright. Potter,Karkaroff, Dumbledore, this whole fucking castle, the Dark lord himself could kiss his pale Bulgarian ass. "THEY DIDN"T KNOW SHIT!" He screamed out once again ,and tiredly sat down on the closest chair around. His venting waning him down a bit . "They didn't know shit" he repeated more softly. His chest was heaving he worked to calm himself down. Letting out deep breathes a few times he finally succeeded. He was calming now slowly. A few minutes passed he couldn't really be sure of how long. Before he finally lifted his head and looked up . A slow dark grin lit his handsome face transforming it into something fearful, and he stared at the moving photo clipping of Hermione on his night stand taken from a Daily Prophet article some time ago. He spoke dangerously low to her. " They really just didn't know" 6 The Whisper's were swirling. The death's spreading . The fire spat at the darkness, disrupting the once comfortable silence. He stared unflinching into those amber flames. Viktor opened his mind up to memory . Flashes of the past few years flying rapid in his head. Stupidly he had joined up for some mad Lord's crusade. For a promise, for the future,for Her. Confident that he would finally have his girl he gave his all but it was all for nothing. And really in the end he should have known the light always wins. A single tear traveled a tortured path down his face. His sight clouded. A dense draft of smoke wafted toward him jolting returned his gaze to the flames. It was over no matter what he did it was too late all he had now was a crumpled old photo and a few snippets of could only gaze from afar with the painful memories of loss and the empty ache of loneliness that was his constant companion. The End