steak and never knew that she was dying as she feasted. There was no sign of it on her face. It was as if she were eating an average meal: how was I to know? When my brother told me the news... That's when I knew: my mother was not the woman I loved when she died. I grieved her — of course I did, she was my mother — but I did not regret her passing. She was not human enough for that." But I was no longer looking at Iola. I was barely listening. No, what I was doing was staring into the dining room, my eyes blown wide at the sight laid before me. Rutherford had shifted enough that I could saw Evan. And what I saw... "Me? At least I died human." ... struck terror into my heart. No. I thought. Please, no. It can't be. It can't be so bad. But it was. . . A time ago, I realized that my mother took out everything beating and red within me and replaced with steel and flint and hard sharp edges. That for all my efforts and memories and life experience, the ability to be gentle was now lost on me. Despite this, I tried, I am trying to be a person. For Narcissa and Andromeda and Bellatrix; for my sisters and hearts and lights of my life. I want to be a person again. And so there is a new fear of disappointing the ones who see me as a person and not a thing — that I'm not a ghost who has convinced herself that she is still alive, even with that gaping hole in her chest. I learn that this new fear compromises me in ways I've never been disadvantaged with before. Being reborn does not give me an advantage over him — and let's not pretend we don't all know who I'm talking about here. He is a genius, one of the most powerful wizards in the world, and whatever heart he possesses that beats beneath his breast is one full of bitter black sludge. I am seven, then eight, then eleven, then seventeen, and in none of those ages am I the small butterfly that heralds a hurricane. I am flesh and blood and bones and he is desperate and unloved and dangerous . (Dangerous. Why would I put myself in front of that? Why would anyone ever—) Why wouldn't you fight, you ask? You think ill of me, don't you, for not standing against him despite my fear. For not being brave and courageous and stubborn in the face of an inevitable, painful end. Don't you? I can see it in your eyes. You're judging me. You think me a coward. Ha. Well, it is an opinion and I will respect that it is yours. However, there is a difference between me and the — the Order of the Phoenix. Between me and the blood-traitor Gryffindor's in their tilted homes and shared embraces. Between me and oppressed ones. It's simple. It's experience. He is primal. That's what it is to me — it's primal and childlike. The boogieman. He's the dark underneath my bed and in my closet with glowing red eyes— — but here's the thing. I was shoved into that dark. I know what that dark is. And I am very afraid. And I will be staying out of his way. I have died one too many times as it is. (Simple, yeah? What'd I tell you?) . . ((There is a breaking point, Iola tells me. A point in your life where you cannot bend or twist or weave situations to fit your advantage. A point in your life where the tension is concentrated and you fracture and you know, you know that you will break, that fracturing and breaking and snapping is the only option available to you, and you cannot escape it. When that point arrives, you will have a choice. The Black Family have a chronic habit of looking behind them. Our dedication to the Old Ways is just as sure as a death sentence. She tells me that our family is too concerned with the principles that laid the road behind them and think not of ways to continue paving the way. Innovation, creativity, originality—all such things are lost to Black's as soon as they doom themselves to times long since passed. That is the choice, she tells me. A simple one: Will you decide according to your future, or will you choose according to the past? And then she tells me: I do so hope you pick the right choice, Callidora.)) . . I couldn't deny it any longer. Right there at the dining room table, I watched as Evan pulled up his sleeve. And present, bold and evil, pressed into the pale underside of his arm, was a writhing red tattoo of a snake. My world tilted . ... 22.09.16 | EDIT: Changed Pandora's name to the canon name it's supposed to be lol. Fixed a couple of unbearable typos but not much else. Additional note. 19.10.16 | EDIT: I realized that the Dark Mark tattoo is, in fact, red . So there's that . 05.11.16 | EDIT: I changed up all of Pandora's dialog because... holy shit, how old is she again? I don't know how to write children. 22.03.17 | EDIT: I revamped the entire chapter. I think I made it easier to read? Who knows. ... Authors Note: Alternative title: 'Del just remembered that the Marauders Era is Voldemort's glory days and panicked a bit'? Fun fact: wrote this chapter with Take On Me playing on repeat in the background. You probs can't tell with that thick smog of ANGST in the way. My bad. Leave a review on your way out, unless you didn't like this, then please don't? I'm sensitive to any and all forms of criticism, constructive included. I need, like, constant validation. Pce.