had any sort of reaction upon hearing Draco's voice, it wasn't visible. He didn't even look up from the book on the table in front of him. Draco was grateful that, for once, Madam Pince was nowhere to be found. He said quite loudly, "Don't ignore me, Potter." Harry continued to appear fascinated by his textbook, although his hand that was resting on the table had formed a fist. "Eleven days. Eleven days, Potter, since you've so much as looked my way." Still, nothing. "Do you happen to know what today is?" Draco asked him. He finally answered, although still refusing to look up. "Uh… it's Saturday." Draco hissed back, "The date, Potter. The exact date." Finally, Draco saw a reaction. Harry blushed. Draco already knew that if anything gave Harry away it was his inability to control his blushing. "The ninth of February." He said it in a whisper. Draco nodded even though Harry still had yet to raise his eyes from the book so he couldn't see the gesture. "Four months. Does that count for nothing?" he sneered. He was about to continue when an angry voice next to Harry interrupted. "Malfoy what do you think you're doing?" Weasley yelled. "You can't just come in here and scream your head off at Harry. You better back off." Draco shut his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose before turning his attention briefly away from Harry to look at Weasley. "Weasley, please. I need to talk to Harry." Weasley was apparently beyond shocked at Draco's politeness. His mouth was gaping and his eyebrows had shot up dramatically. "What…?" He was clearly befuddled. "Just shush, Ron!" Draco was surprised to hear Granger mutter these words. Shaking his head to regain focus, he turned his eyes back to Harry, surprised to find that those beautiful emerald eyes were staring back at him. "So, you're calling me Harry again, are you?" Draco couldn't help but laugh in relief. "Yes, Harry. I'll always call you Harry." However, Harry seemed to close off again, crossing his arms over his chest, looking away from Draco. Draco frowned, wondering what he'd done wrong. "Harry, you know what today is. I know you do." When Harry spoke, it was clear he was in pain. "Malfoy, we broke up." Draco slammed his hands on the table at which Harry sat. "Damn it, Harry. Please don't call me that. And don't say we broke up. We did not break up. I refuse to be broken up with you." He vaguely registered that students around them in the library were gasping in shock and whispering to each other. Weasley's reaction was the loudest of all. ("WHAT DID HE JUST SAY!?") But Draco couldn't care less. He only cared about Harry's reactions. The Gryffindor still seemed stiff and uncomfortable and still would not look anywhere near Draco. Bitterly he said, "Oh you refuse? Well okay, then, since clearly all that matters is what you want, what you think. I don't get a say." Draco groaned in frustration. He wanted to rip his hair out, or something along those lines. How could he get Harry to forgive him? Suddenly, Pansy's words from earlier popped into his head. He decided to start with that. "Harry, I didn't think I'd have to say this simply because I thought you'd just know. But if I have to say it I will." He took a deep breath before continuing. "Harry, you're worth it." Harry raised an eyebrow, clear confused. At least now he was looking at Draco. "Worth what?" He asked apprehensively. Draco flung his arms wildly around him. "This! All of this! Telling all these people. Making a big scene in the library. Making a big deal about this, about you, because you are a big deal to me. If you don't care what people think, then I don't care." He swallowed hard before continuing. "You're worth everything. Because, fuck , I'm in love with you Harry." Draco completely ignored the reactions of everyone around him, and there were many different reactions. He only had eyes for Harry. Very slowly, too slowly for Draco's nerves to deal well with, Harry stood up. He walked around the table towards Draco, finally standing right in front of him. Draco couldn't be sure if he was about to be punched in the face or kissed. He hoped for the latter of course. Harry looked him dead in the eye, reaching out his hand and grasping one of Draco's, holding so tight it almost hurt. Harry smiled before saying, "Well, fuck , Draco. I'm in love with you too." Without wasting another second, Draco leaned down and captured Harry's lips in an intense kiss. He tried to pour all of what he was feeling into that kiss, and rather thought Harry was doing the same for him. Forgetting where they were, Draco hands grabbed Harry at the waist, pulling him as close as possible. One of Harry's hand made its way into Draco's hair, the other was on his chest, clinging to his shirt. They only broke apart when they heard the shrill voice of Madam Pince say, "Boys! You cannot do that in the library! Please take it elsewhere!" The two boys locked eyes, grinning. "Gladly," they said in unison. Draco momentarily saw Weasley throwing up in a bucket that Granger seemed to have conjured for him. She, however, was smiling at them. He and Harry turned to the exit, walking past Pansy and Blaise on their way out. Pansy smiled just like Granger had. Blaise gave him a clap on the shoulder, then two thumbs up. Draco rolled his eyes at that. He knew he would never live this incident down. But as he watched Harry, seeing those stunning eyes light up and watching a radiant smile form on his face, Draco realized he really didn't give a rat's arse about that. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- That's it! So, let me know what you think! Please and thank you!