kill the boy who had caused his downfall, but that desire had faded the more he learned about Harry Potter. Harry's brow furrowed, "No, he doesn't tell me anything, he set everything up last year so that we would meet…" he admitted, trying to buy himself some time to think of the best way out of this situation. Moving just slightly, but the teenager version of Voldemort's eyes narrowed on him further at his movement. "So eager to leave, Harry Potter?" Tom asked, still eyeing Harry hungrily. "Shall I end this now?" Harry gritted his teeth, "Stop this, please, I can't…can't let Hogwarts be closed down," not above pleading…he'd do anything for Hogwarts to remain open. Tom moved over until he was boring down at the twelve year old, quite liking the position, "Do you like the girl that much?" jealousy squirming like a living thing in the pit of his stomach. Harry was his . His to do as he pleased. Harry stared perplexed by the question, "Yes, she's my best friends little sister," he answered, not truly understanding the underling question. "That's not the real reason though is it, Pet?" Tom said, eyes gleaming avariciously, "You just don't want Hogwarts to be closed down," had Dumbledore truly let his little defender be abused just like he had left him at the orphanage? This he knew he could use to his advantage. There was more to Harry than met the eye, he wanted to uncover each and every secret. He had to know why his future self had decided to go after him before he made any decisions. Harry seemed bewildered at the pet name, innocent , pure , someone he could mould…cherish, protect, and in turn he would desire to protect him . Even against Dumbledore, completely obliterating any plans the old fool had up his sleeve. Unfortunately it meant that Miss Weasley would survive, but he was getting the better end of the bargain. Harry gritted his teeth at the feeling of uselessness and anger consuming him. "I'll give you one opportunity to save the girl and Hogwarts…one chance," Tom said, crouching down to get a better look at Harry, soon, very soon, he would be his completely if he had his way and considering how desperate he was to save the school Tom knew he would accept it no matter the consequences in the future. He wanted to sneer at the hopeful look on his face, wondering if it was feigned or if he truly was the Gryffindor he seemed to be…but Tom had a feeling it wasn't what he seemed and his feelings were never wrong. Harry backed away a little at the closeness of Tom; the only time anyone came close to him was to hurt him so it was instinctive. "How?" he uttered suspiciously. "You swear an oath on your magic to give an item to Lucius Malfoy; you must give it to him in his hand." Tom stated his tone serious, there were plenty of ways in which he could be brought back, all he needed was a soul; he could simply make sure that Malfoy did as he instructed which he would if he was anything like Abraxas. It was the only Death Eater he knew was on the outside, the only one Ginny Weasley had named. He hated the name given to his knights but needs a must. "When I approach you again you must promise to do the one thing I ask." Harry swallowed thickly, his mind conjuring up the most horrific things he could be asked to do. "The offer is for a very limited time," Tom informed him, before adding softly, "I'm afraid Miss Weasley doesn't have much longer." "Fine, I'll do it," Harry murmured in defeat, he could see no other way out of this situation with Hogwarts remaining open to him. The chances of him seeing Tom like this again was slim to nothing…he had no idea where he lived and surely Voldemort wouldn't try and get him at Hogwarts again he was afraid of Dumbledore. Smirking triumphantly Tom made up the terms of the magical oath, and both of them swore on their magic however, reluctantly it was on Harry's part. The diary now safe from Harry's destruction by means of the oath was placed in his hands from where it had lain discarded by Ginny Weasley's side. Tom then gave him instructions on what to do and say to Malfoy. "Obliviate!" Tom chanted at the unconscious female, making her forget everything about the diary. Tom began to glow until he was obscured from Harry's vision then as the light faded away, Tom was gone, and Ginny began to gasp for breath at the same exact second. Swallowing thickly, Harry slid the diary into his pocket so Ginny didn't see. His heart pounded away like a drum, wondering what he had done…what he had been thinking so much so that he was not listening to Ginny cry and apologise. How the hell was he supposed to get out of this situation? "We need to get out of here, come on," Harry said, getting both of them up off the wet floor, even as they walked Harry still felt as though he'd done something really, really wrong. Harry didn't know it yet, but he would soon be thankful for it for like was about to take an unexpected turn. The next time they meet will probably be after Harry's third year when he's nearly fourteen :) Will Tom just start will unravelling all the manipulations Harry has been under since entering the magical world before moving onto claiming his baser desires? :D Will Tom give Harry everything he's wanted and switch sides? Will Tom have consumed his main soul piece or will that happen after Tom has Harry firmly where he wants him? R&R please I know it's not as exciting as my usual first chapters but I had to lay the ground work :D