down into the murky water. Losing no time, he waded into the direction of the stern, where the brig should be located, following after his men. Getting there, he was immediately greeted by a sobbing Margret wrapped around Hermione, while Henry and fifteen other men were being freed by his crew members. When Henry was freed, he came over to join the hug, while some more crew members arrived to help with the prisoners, who were freed from the chains, but their hands were kept in irons until they could be questioned on deck. "I know you are a dentist, but maybe you want to close your eyes while we lead you up," Harry told Margret with a short glance at Henry. "You really don't want to see this." ooOOoo Back on deck, Harry left the adult Grangers in the teary hug of her daughter as he went to collect reports. A quarter of the men had been hurt in some way, five of them were seriously wounded, one dead. The tally would have been worse if not for Remus and Tonks. Their healing skills were way beyond the crew's abilities, and the had managed to stabilize these five, and patch up a lot more who would have been off just as bad without their help. Of the defenders, only eleven out of a crew of forty five survived, four wounded heavily, the others to some degree. Mister Hitch advised Harry to execute them, but Harry refused to kill harmless people, and decided to maroon them on a small boat from the Raven . One was still mostly intact, and could be fixed with a few spells. It would be a tight fit, but then, they were in visual range of the coast. Having had enough killing for a day, Harry gave orders to patch them up, stun them and obliviate them of the whole last week before letting them drift away. The crew grumbled about the new Captain being too soft, but complied, which Harry took as a sign that they started trusting his lead. "Send a man up into the Revenge 's top nest; I want a running commentary on the harbour!" he told Higgs, and left to return to his girl and friends, while the other crew members started levitating the dead overboard and dealing with the still living. When he had approached the group and joined the hug, the man on the mast top sang out. "Activity in harbour, ships are manning!" Harry cursed as he heard that. He hoped that the brief battle might not have been noticed by the lazy harbour guard, but they had been too close to escape notice. He had to make a quick decision. "Take helm of the Raven ," Harry told Hermione, squeezing her hand. "Take your parents and 10 men with you. Select them for repair abilities and take the injured, as well. Use freezing charms to stop leakage, and conjure plugs for bigger holes. Get some guys to sew up the sails and reparo the remaining rigging. Bring that damned mast back up or cut the rigging and go without, I don't care, but get the hell out of here and meet with the Pathfinder. They are about an hour or two away. They will get you to Black Reef. You should be able to meet them in under an hour if you hurry." "And you?" she asked, knowing the answer already. She knew the facts as well as he did. And she knew that his stupid people saving thing was acting up again. Harry glanced over at the harbour. By now, it could be seen from deck that there was increasing activity aboard the ships there, men crawling in the rigging like nits in an orphan's mop. It would take only twenty minutes, thirty tops, before the first one would push off and start chasing them. Then maybe fifteen minutes for each to get out of the harbour and set full sails. He couldn't outrun them, not under the current conditions, even with his magical wind, since some of them were considerably faster than the old hulk that the Revenge was. They would stall him long enough for the heavy hitters to arrive. They would then proceed to make mincemeat out of them. "I'll block the Harbour and try sinking one of the ships in the harbour's mouth to trap them." "I'll stay," she said, more out of stubbornness than conviction. Harry just shook his head and gave her cheek a caress, which she leaned in, her eyes closing. "No, you're not. This is no place for you. I haven't risked everything just to lose it now. Even with the boost to our reservoir and our strategic better position at the bottleneck, it will be a bloody massacre, double so if we get boarded. We will cope and hold the position, by hook or by crook, but I want to know you are safe." "I know. Stay safe," she said with a hitch in her voice, before they gave in to a heated kiss that was drawn out longer than it should be, but not long enough to say all they wanted to, before they separated, each going to attend to their duties. ooOOoo AN: Yes, yes, I'm back... Stop that... No more applause... Thank you... SILENCE! After acting like a prude for a couple of months, my muse finally gave in and not only kissed me, but celebrated a veritable orgy, with a couple of her friends joining in. Thus, I now did not only write a bit for this, but also for a couple of other stories, which means that right now, every other day, I'm following some different lewd enticing muse into her lair, hoping it may be worth my time. It may or may not, but I do expect offspring. A merry Christmas to all of you. Enjoy it, read slowly, for I don't know when I'll post the next one, yet.