sealing the bottles." Dudley nodded. Once the wax was a smooth liquid Harry pulled out a box with slots in it the same size as the vials. He picked up a vial and demonstrated dipping the top of it in the wax until where the cork met the glass was covered, then he let some wax drip off and put it in the box where the slots held the vial upright so it could dry. Dudley repeated the process with Harry until all the vial were sealed. Harry closed the box with a heavy hand, "I hope this works" he muttered. "Me too," Dudley whispered. "Hey, it's not that big a deal, it's just a simple Cheering Potion. If it doesn't work it won't hurt Vernon. Because he is a muggle, it should wear off after about 12 hours. So, we put it in his breakfast and dinner, or evening tea would be better, then see what happens." Harry sounded much more confident than he felt. "What happens after we run out?" Dudley sounded worried. "Well, I'm hoping after a whole summer of being cheered and thinking everything's OK artificially, he might just start actually thinking like that…" Again Harry put more confidence in his voice than he felt. Harry wasn't sure if anything he said was true or if what he was doing was right, but he couldn't see any other option. He didn't want to admit it to Dudley, but he was afraid of what Vernon would do if he kept at Petunia the way he was. According to his cousin, it had been getting worse and worse, and his mum would call him at school upset. The only other option would be if Petunia and Vernon separated. Harry highly doubted that would happen, Petunia wasn't strong enough and Vernon would just terrorize her into silence. Eventually, Dudley would have to take matters into his own hands and Harry wasn't sure how that would end… so, this potion was it. Last chance. Harry picked up the wood box and placed it on his lap. The clinking of vials inside settled down and Harry counted them. There would be enough in half a vial for about twelve-ish hours. The book said it would last that long on its own and twenty-four with the user's magic. So for a muggle it was twelve hours. Harry looked up from the box to his cousin. "So, now that I made this, will you tell me what's really going on?" Dudley's eyes became wide. "I told you, Dad overheard mum talking about-" "No." Harry cut him off, "it can't just be about my mum." Dudley's face became tight, he looked at the box in Harry's lap and sighed. "If I tell you, promise you won't tell anyone?" Harry nodded, "I promise" Dudley took a deep breath and let it out, "She really was talking about your mum. I told her that you and magic couldn't be all bad because you saved me. Mum told me about aunt Lily… she told me lots of stories. She sounded nice." Dudley let a small smile slip onto his face. Harry smiled back. "Then while mum was talking she seemed to be thinking about something. She looked like she was struggling. Then, she told me that since I didn't hate magic anymore, that she would tell me something she never told anyone… she said that she was a squib. I asked what that was and she explained. That's when dad burst in and… well, you know." Dudley had a pained look on his face. He met his cousin's green eyes with a determined expression, "I want you to know something, and mum would never say this to you directly, so I will. She told me that when you saved my life, she felt like maybe it was aunt Lily letting her know it was time for her to let go of her anger. That maybe you were sent to her for that reason. Now you are helping us again, so… yeah, that's all." Harry was shocked, his aunt wasn't completely normal after all, and she was forgiving her sister. She probably saw lots of thing other people didn't, just like Ms. Figg. Maybe she had hoped when she was younger that she might be a witch too, and when she wasn't… well Harry didn't forgive Petunia, but he definitely understood her better. It also explained why she had been somewhat nice to him this summer. She still gave him a ton of chores, but he had found it odd he only got the ones he liked, such as cooking or gardening. Now that he thought about it she might have been doing it as a cover so Vernon wouldn't think she was going easy on him. Dudley was twisting his hands in his shirt and looked nervous. Harry thought he might want to ask something and was about to invite him to speak when he burst all of a sudden, "you don't think I could be one, do you?!" Harry raised an eyebrow, "a squib?" Dudley nodded. "When the dementor attacked you did you see anything?" Dudley shook his head negative, "no, just felt like… felt..." "Yeah they feel like that for me too, but if you couldn't see it then you aren't a squib." Harry explained. It was late when they finished talking, both boys got ready for bed. Dudley checked on his mum and she was sleeping, Harry put the potion box under the loose floorboard and climbed into bed. He rolled over, switched his lamp off and looked into the darkness of the room. "Weird day…" he muttered before drifting to sleep. "On this day in history: people related to you whose names you do not know performed actions that were never recorded." -Night Vale AN- This is the bottom of the page, there is no more past this. Nothing after this sentence. Thanks for reading. Let me know what you think. 2/13/2017 Readjusted.