"Do you want me to say I have a thing for you? That really what I want to tell you is that I like you? That I like you because you're so ridiculously fearless and brave to the point that you're stupid? That I like you because you're so effortlessly and unnecessarily kind to every single damn person you meet? That I like you because when I watch you every damn day, I see you make everyone around you smile and laugh? And then I can't help thinking, after all you've been through, you shouldn't have to be the one to brighten everyone's fucking day? But of course, you do brighten everyone's fucking day because you're bloody amazing. Plus, it doesn't hurt that you're beyond gorgeous as well. Is that what you want me to tell you? Because that's what I want to tell you . Now go ahead and mock me for the rest of my life why don't you." Harry hadn't been expecting all of that. Yet, he felt elated more than anything upon hearing Malfoy's exploding confession. He considered his next move. "Have you listened to the album Abbey Road?" Malfoy whipped his head around to look at Harry again, confusion etched in his face. "Of course I have, Potter," he replied skeptically. "Can I see that?" He pointed to the mp3 player that Malfoy was still holding in his lap. Malfoy snorted briefly. "As it's yours, I don't see why not." He handed it to Harry, along with the connected earbud headphones. His hands were shaking slightly. He seemed to be waiting for Harry to blow up on him. He seemed to be expecting Harry to have any number of negative reactions to what he'd accidentally admitted. Luckily for him, Harry had other intentions. Harry untangled the headphones and put one of the earbuds in his left ear. "Here," he said casually, handing the other one to Malfoy, who warily reached out a hand to grab it and place it in his right ear. "I feel like listening to a song from Abbey Road with you." As he began looking through the mp3 player for the song he had in mind, Harry said, "You know, I've been having a lot of interesting dreams since the start of this school year." "Your point, Potter?" Malfoy asked, apprehensively. He hadn't moved away, as Harry had feared he might. Instead, he continued to watch as Harry searched the device. Harry hid the screen from his view, not wanting Malfoy to know what song he was picking before hearing it. When he found the song he was looking for, he said, "My dreams have all been about you. I've only recently figured out what they mean…" And then he pressed play. As the opening notes played in his ear, Harry watched closely for Malfoy's reaction. Only a few seconds into the song, stunning grey eyes widen in recognition and surprise. He looked up at Harry in disbelief. "Why are you playing this song?" Just as the lyrics were about to come in, Harry said, "Oh I don't know, maybe because…" He started to sing along with the music while looking at Malfoy with a playful smirk on his face. " I want you I want you so bad I want you I want you so bad It's driving me mad It's driving me mad." Harry was nowhere near as good a singer as Malfoy, but he could hold a tune. Malfoy didn't care about how his voice sounded, though, that much was obvious. Harry only had to sing along through the first verse before Malfoy interrupted both him and the song. "You're so lame for this, Potter. You couldn't just say 'I like you too,' like a normal person? Bloody Gryffindor." All the same, he pounced on Harry, kissing him hard. The earbuds fell out of their ears and the mp3 player slid off Harry's lap as Malfoy roughly pushed him back so that he was half leaning against the arm of the couch and half lying down. Their first kiss was messy and perfect, but far too short. Their lips disconnected as Malfoy moved to situate himself on top of Harry, straddling his hips. Harry groaned, both in disappointment at the separation of their mouths and in pleasure at the fact that Malfoy's body was now covering his own. As soon as he was settled, Malfoy kissed him again. Kissing Malfoy was bliss. It was a million times better than any of his dreams. Malfoy's warm lips were softer than he could have ever imagined. They were insistent, parting so that his tongue could demand entrance into Harry's mouth. Harry happily and eagerly parted his own lips to let Malfoy in. Malfoy's hands made their way into Harry's already disheveled hair, gripping tightly to the dark locks. Harry instinctively wrapped his arms around Malfoy's waist, pulling their bodies as close together as possible. Both couldn't help the noises they were making as things grew more desperate, more passionate. Once oxygen became a necessity, they pulled apart. "You're sure you're serious?" Malfoy practically panted. Harry deadpanned, "No, I just make a habit of going around letting random people who I have no feelings for and find completely unattractive snog me senseless." He rolled his eyes when Malfoy glared. "Yes, I'm very serious." After a long moment, Malfoy seemed to accept Harry's confirmation. His glaring eyes softened and the corners of his mouth quirked into an unmistakable smile. He then proceeded to attack Harry's lips with his own many more times. The 'muggle-magic music contraption' lay forgotten on the floor. :-:-:-:-:-:-:-: So, that's that. Short and sweet, I think. Hope you enjoyed! I have a vague idea for something to follow this up with, another one with more Beatles songs… but we shall see whether or not I do it. Anyway, please let me know your thoughts and opinions in the form of a lovely review! They are always much appreciated!