in my guest room." "It's far too late for that, love." Louisa grinned, winking in Hermione's direction. "You shouldn't have introduced me to her if you didn't want me to like her." "You made me, Louisa," Pansy reminded her before she took a generous drink of wine. "This is why I don't like listening to you." Hermione laughed over the top of the wine glass Pansy had given her. She smiled at the sight of the two arguing witches across from her, though her heart hurt for reasons she didn't want to think about. "You two are good together," She said suddenly, "I guess opposites really do attract after all." Pansy shrugged. "You and Weasley were a pair of opposites yourselves," She said as she poured more wine into her glass. She studied Hermione for a moment before turning her attention to the appetizers Louisa had put on the counter. "What exactly pulled you apart?" "None of your business, Pansy." Louisa whispered, slapping the witch's hand away from the plate of asparagus. "What do you mean it's none of my business?" Pansy asked, her brows furrowing. "Don't you think I deserve to know what kind of monster is sleeping down the hall from me?" She tipped her glass at Hermione with a small smirk tugging at her lips. Louisa pulled Pansy's wine glass from her hand and drained it down the sink. "You've ruined dinner before the food is even out of the oven. Are you happy, Pansy?" Pansy used her wand to summon another wine glass. "Don't be dramatic, Lou; it doesn't suit you." She tried to wrap her arms around Louisa, but the other witch shrugged her off. "Are you really-" "I read a book," Hermione all but yelled over Pansy. Her cheeks reddened under the weight of the stares the other two witches were sending her way. They were no longer focused on each other, but on her. "And you know how I am, Pans…I read it cover to cover and over and over again until I had it memorized. And when I read it a final time I just...knew." Pansy opened her mouth, closed it, and then opened it again. "You broke off your engagement because of a book?" She asked as an uncharacteristic smile slowly spread across her face. She shook her head in disbelief when Hermione didn't offer a denial. "You silly bint." "Pansy!" Louisa admonished, throwing both hands into the air. "What?" Pansy shrugged, bringing the wine glass to her lips to hide her smile. "I meant it lovingly, Louisa." She promised, "The news that Weasleys intended left him because she's a bookworm with an epiphany warms my cold dark heart immensely." She said more seriously than the situation called for. "Thank Merlin." Louisa said as the timer to the oven dinged behind her. She reached for her wand and used her magic to take the hot pan out of the oven. "Dinner is ready." She said gratefully, "Let's talk about something else now." "Fine," Pansy shrugged as Louisa set the food in front of them. She ran her fingers through her shoulder length black hair and grinned. "Anyone read any good books lately?" :: It wasn't until hours later that Hermione found herself in the quiet of her room again. She could still hear Pansy and Louisa downstairs, the two most likely rummaging through the cabinets for a late night snack if the sound of the cabinets opening and slamming shut was any indication of their activities. It wasn't until Hermione heard the sound of muffled cursing outside her door minutes later that she realized something wasn't right. She quickly shot up in bed and kicked the covers off of her legs, standing to her feet just in time for the door to swing open. "Pansy?" Hermione whispered as the light flooded in from the hallway into her dark room. It clearly wasn't Pansy, Hermione realized as the light from the hall streamed in. Whoever it was was far too tall and broad to be the short statured Pansy Parkinson unless the witch was having a go at her, something Hermione doubted Louisa would allow. Hermione took one step back when the person in front of her took one forwards. He was saying nothing to her, just swaying back and forth on his feet. She looked to her bed for her wand but realized she had forgotten it downstairs in the living room. "What're you doing here?" He asked her, taking another step forward. Hermione screamed before she had any real reason to. The sound was enough to wake up Pansy and Louisa who came bounding up the stairs and down the hall as soon as they heard. Louisa turned on the lights and sighed, crossing her arms over her chest as she surveyed the scene. "Your stray has scared Hermione, Pansy." Louisa pointed towards the inebriated wizard who was using one of the posts on the four poster bed to stay upright. "Malfoy?" Hermione balked. "Yes, well, he's never been much of a people person, sober or drunk as it turns out." Pansy joked, though Louisa didn't seem the least bit amused, "Let's go, Draco. Your room is across the way." She reminded him sternly. "Why is Granger sleeping in my bed?" He asked quietly, turning his head to look at Pansy. His confusion seemed to wear off rather quickly as he dissolved into laughter shortly after. Draco jabbed a finger in Hermione's direction, still laughing as if she were the punchline to a joke he had just been told. "I've read about you in the prophets this morning, didn't I?" Hermione stared at him tight lipped and unmoving. Pansy groaned. "Leave Louisa's muggleborn be, Draco." She pleaded she tugged him towards the door. He easily shrugged her off and turned back to look at Hermione. "Granger, Granger, Granger," Draco sang, seemingly quite pleased with himself, "You've gone and made yourself famous again. The prophets are calling you the runaway bride."