ten. Maybe they were eleven. He couldn't stop eating. Bacon every morning for breakfast, biscuits from morning to night, potatoes and meat throughout the day. More bacon, more crispy hot bacon, more, more, more of…everything. He didn't care about anyone. He didn't care about anything. He didn't care about his physical appearance anymore. What was he supposed to care about? Harry was a doorstep. Harry was nothing . Dudley was the king. He was the man of the house. His mum doted on him and his father spoiled him. Why was Harry trying to save him? Why was Harry trying to fight to help Dudley stay up on his feet? Why was Harry letting Dudley rest on his body, struggling to bring the two of them home? Flashes of his Aunt Marge being blown up during dinner filled his mind as they made the trek towards the house. He couldn't make sense of his surroundings. He was seeing instead the kitchen, a place he ate every night and his large Aunt Marge sitting at the table taunting Harry and making a mockery of his dead aunt, someone he never knew, someone he probably would have never cared about. He didn't care about her now. He didn't care about his aunt being blown up bigger than a balloon and floating up, up and away. It was Harry and his magic. He was too busy watching television to care. He was watching… He had grown too large one year. He was fat. Fat . There was no way around the word. They couldn't sugar coat it any longer. He was overweight. Always had been. He was suffocating in his clothing. His trousers were splitting at the seam and his shirts, the buttons to his shirts kept popping off and even hit one girl in the eye. They couldn't even make a size big enough for him for his uniform. He was so ugly. He was so fat and…and miserable. He was so miserable. He always felt worse during the summer when Harry was around. Harry was nothing. Harry was wasting away as he ate his grapefruit and vegetables, the new diet of the house. Food. They called that food? It was torture. They were torturing Dudley because he couldn't be like him. He couldn't be thin and he couldn't move around anymore. Walking was hard…walking was torture… It was hard to walk now . His body shivered as Harry held him. His vision was clearing slightly and all Dudley could focus on was the determination on Harry's face. He wanted to bring him to safety. Harry actually wanted to make sure Dudley was alright. Harry was gritting his teeth and his green eyes were glowing in the night. The first sign of light that Dudley had seen that night… They had red hair. They had red hair and they all looked alike. No, two of them looked alike and they had sweets with them, toffees. He couldn't eat that anymore and he couldn't trust the freaks with their freaky candy either but he was greedy and they dropped it to the floor. He was like a pig, snatching it up and devouring it quickly. Even the wrapper. His diet was leading him nowhere. He ate the toffee that was on the floor. And the pig's tongue grew four feet long. His Mum almost ripped it out of his mouth. But then…things changed. It didn't happen over night but that's how it felt. He became a boxing champion in his school. He became muscular more than anything. He was large but now they feared him. He could use his size to his advantage now but still there weren't many girls. No more shudders but not enough glances. He blinked. His blue eyes finally noticing his surroundings. The sky wasn't as dark as he thought it was. The air wasn't as cold as it used to be and there was the sound of bugs that only came out in the night but most importantly he recognized the front door to his home. The white front door and the drawn curtains that his mum constantly pushed to the side to peep through the window and see what the neighbors were up too. Harry was panting and struggling to keep Dudley up as the door opened. Harry was wheezing because he wasn't strong enough. He wasn't as muscular as him and he couldn't handle the pressure of Dudley's body on his. His mum was screaming at the sight of Dudley. His father was yelling at Harry and questioning him. The blame was being put on Harry. It was Harry's fault but… no , Harry saved him. He saved him. Harry saved Dudley. Magic saved Dudley. Blame Harry, put the blame on Harry. It was always Harry's fault. He couldn't believe what he couldn't see. No, no, Harry had saved him, no…it was Harry's fault. He secretly wanted to thank Harry. He needed to thank Harry. He couldn't thank Harry and when Dudley finally opened his mouth to speak his voice felt foreign to his ears and the memory of the night felt like a distant dream. He tried to thank Harry. He did. But then he said it was Harry's fault. It was Harry…it was always Harry's fault and his parents listened to him, his parents didn't second guess him and they were both so scared and they were both doting on him and making sure he was okay and they both wanted Harry gone once and for all. Author's Note: So, this was kind of different for me to write. I know there wasn't any dialogue because I just wanted it to be Dudley's thoughts and it's supposed to be muddled and jump around like that. I guess I went for angst? I suppose I went for angst. Do you think I went for angst? This all feels very foreign to me. Anyway, let me know what you think in a review! Thanks for reading!