haven't exactly been hers. You have to look at this from her perspective. This hasn't been easy. She's constantly bombarded with questions and dragged through the mud. No one calls you a whore when you wear a certain outfit or you're out at a certain time during the night. What kind of life do you think she's living?" "Well, no one told her to go out with that tight green dress on. It left little to the imagination." Piper glared at him. "Don't. Don't be that guy. You're not that guy." Albus didn't say anything for some time. He should have felt ashamed. He should have felt sorry but if anything he just felt rage at being betrayed. What kind of life did she think he was living? Did they think it was easy for him? At least when she went home she had someone to unwind too. Albus had no one. He was always alone. Part of it might have been his fault but he couldn't and wouldn't take all of the blame. "Do you think I enjoy lying to my family?" he asked lightly. He was staring at Piper but he seemed so far away as if his head was elsewhere. "I can't lead a normal life." Piper pursed her lips together and hung her head, guilt overcoming her. She couldn't handle the sadness and the vulnerability in his eyes. It was rare that Albus let his walls down and revealed his true self. She had been working for him long enough to know the true Albus Potter but sometimes the façade was so good she could forget who he really was. "Albus, your mother stopped by and paid me a visit." Albus nearly choked on air. He had to smack himself on the back for fear he might choke himself to death. "Please tell me you turned her away." Piper gave him an uneasy look. Ginny Potter was a very nice woman but she could be intimidating when she wanted to be. No matter how many times Piper interacted with her she couldn't help but get nervous. She reminded Piper of her own mother, able to know when she was lying, able to get under her skin, pushed her until she heard what she wanted. It was clear Mrs. Potter always got her way and that was no exception when she came to see Piper. "Not exactly." Albus stood up abruptly and started to pace the room. His heels making noise against the wooden floor as he rushed back and forth, back and forth, scuffing the floor slightly. "What did you say?" "She wanted to know after two years if you were finally going to make it official." He gave her a confused look. "Official?" Piper held up her left hand. "Marriage." Albus blanched. Marriage? The last thing on his mind these days was marriage. Especially to his fake lesbian girlfriend. "Piper," he said, as calmly as he could, "tell me you didn't." Piper sighed. "She was just so excited. Her eyes were twinkling and her entire face just lit up at the idea. I didn't say yes but I didn't say no." Albus abruptly stopped his pacing and gaped at her. He felt like his heart was about to burst out of his chest. He was going to die right there on his office floor. Better yet he should've just flung himself off a cliff. He could see it in his minds eye at the very moment. The world seemed endless at the dead of night at the edge of a cliff. With one jump his entire life could be over. He would stand so close to the edge it would look almost like an accident. If he sneezed he could fall right over. Lose his balance. There would be questions, sure, but it wasn't like anyone would miss Albus Potter. Maybe he'd fake his death because there was no way he was going to spend the holiday with his family and live this down. No, dying seemed like a much better option. He also wasn't sure as he stared at Piper who was squirming nervously in her seat and pulling at the hem of her dress if he should have fired her but she dug him in this hole she would have to get him out of it. If she thought she was getting a Christmas bonus this year she had another thing coming. He threw his hands up in the air and started to shake them nervously, flexing his small bicep muscles. "Piper, what the hell am I going to do?" "Get engaged by Christmas?" He gave her an incredulous look and started pacing again, this time picking up the pace at double the time, nearly knocking into his oak bookshelf. "To who!" he bellowed. "The other more obvious issue is I don't actually want to get married." Piper scoffed. "People get divorced all the time." "Piper!" She laughed nervously as if to say she was just making a joke but she hadn't been. She figured Albus would be all for it. Sort of. Maybe. Not really. She was going to lose her job over this, wasn't she? She really should have listened to her mother and studied to be a Healer. "We'll get someone new," Albus said, coming to a stop. He had a hand to his chin and was rubbing it quickly, lost in thought. She nodded in agreement. "I figured you would say that. I'm already working on it. Albus, don't worry," she said brightly, "I've got this." He stared at her, curls bouncing up and down around her head as she nodded, hands folded in her lap. Bloody hell. He was getting married. Author's Note: A new story after all these years! This story is a result of me watching too many romantic comedies but being a cynic at heart. Prepare for a moody Albus and a family filled with issues. Let me know what you think in a review.