looking into her brown eyes. "I won't sleep with you." She grins and grips both of his hands, holding them with hers. "I'm Isabella and you're Blaise Zabini." He gives her a look. "What? People talk. It's alright." She begins kissing his cheeks again and then his neck. Blaise starts to feel heat build up in his linen pants and tries to fight the urge to kiss her red lips. "Why are you kissing me? You don't even know me." Isabella smiles. "You're too sad, lonely. The sadness follows you everywhere. Just relax." Blaise closes his eyes and lets her hands roam his face and chest. In seconds he is kissing her but it goes no further than that. For the first time in a long time Blaise feels something more. A fire, a warm feeling in his belly. It is new and it is exciting. -x- It takes a month. They are in bed, half-naked, and he wants to leave. Sex hasn't happened yet even though Blaise wants it too but Isabella is from a religious family and does not believe in sex before marriage. She is topless with a satin black sheet covering her. She places her hand on the top of his freshly shaved head and stares at him with a wordless expression. "It's over. That's what you're thinking, isn't it?" she questions lightly. Her brown eyes are sparkling, pleading with him to think things over. Before Blaise can respond a tawny owl flew through the open window, dropping a letter on his nightstand. He ignores Isabella who repeats her question again, stretching towards him to look at him. Instead, Blaise gets up and unrolls the parchment on his nightstand, eyes quickly soaking in the words. Blaise I met someone. Her name is Astoria. He drops it shakily and turns back to face the woman in his bed sitting cross legged with her head resting on her arms. "Why does it have to be over when it has barely begun?" He can hardly pay attention to what she is saying. What does this mean? He met a woman. Draco met a woman. Is it possible? Is it possible that he can feel love and explain the concept to Blaise? "We're night and day," he says thickly. "You love me." He gives her a look, startled by her words. "I don't know what love is," he says quietly. "Zabini's don't love." She frowns and wraps her arms around her body. "Do you know who your father is?" He glares at her, anger simmering inside of him. "That's not the best beside manner you have there," he snaps. Isabella rolls her eyes and purses her lips but doesn't apologize. "Blaise—" "No. It could have been any one of her husbands. My mother wasn't exactly faithful to any of them and none of them were strangers. Maybe it was number one or two. It could have been number seven. Or maybe it was none of them." Sometimes Blaise thinks about his father. Who he could be? Was he one of the many Sir's in his life or an entirely different human being? Isabella sits quietly in her thoughts before slowly saying, "And Zabini is your mother's maiden name?" Blaise nods his head. "Yes." "A boy needs his father's name," she says hotly. "A boy needs his father. If you don't know who he is how do you know you're not capable of love? You're half Zabini and half so-and-so." He grins at the thought of that, the unknown. He has never looked at it that way before. Who says he is like Zahara besides Zahara herself? They might resemble each other, both have high cheekbones, dark smooth skin, and act like everyone else is beneath them but has Blaise learned that on his own or was he inspired by her, wanting to mirror the one parent he has in his life? "I could be biracial." "You could be so many things," Isabella says with a soft smile. "But why don't you just be yourself?" "What are you saying?" She shrugs. "Maybe there's a part of you that can't love but there's another part of you that can. That other half is all I need. I can love you enough to make up for the missing part." Blaise says nothing as he walks over to the bed and leans over to kiss her softly on the lips. It would be hours before he would respond to Draco's letter. A quick scrawl, barely legible in case he regretted it. Draco, I met a woman. She is remarkable. BZ -x- There are sparks flying over them and light chattering as Isabella kisses him again and again. He can't help but smile as he wraps his arms around her. It is a beautiful day, the sun is shining and he is surrounded by a small group of people, they are mostly Isabella's family but now they are his. His mother did not show up. Her invitation was sent back with one sentence: I am disappointed in you. He finds he does not mind Zahara is not there. He does not want the Black Widow to cast a shadow over his new marital bliss. Marriage, Blaise knows, is not easy. It takes more than a vow to keep a couple together but Isabella is the missing piece in his life. Love, Blaise finds, is remarkable. Author's Note : I wanted to write a sort of prequel to Painful Bliss focusing on Isabella and Blaise but then I wanted to write something about Blaise and his mother. I always wondered if he knew what love meant or felt love because his mother married so many men. I didn't want to focus on descriptions but emotions just like Painful Bliss but I'm so out of the loop and distanced myself from that story because it was hard to write I'm not entirely sure it has the same flow. Let me know what you think in a review!