dispensing mercy to anyone and everyone who needs my care. You can trust me when I say that Mr. Malfoy needs healing, and incarcerating him in Azkaban will not do it. I can't help the young man realize the shame of his upbringing if he's left stewing in Azkaban for hurting an under-aged witch, even if it wasn't intentionally." "He violated his license, which he freely signed years ago, stipulating - " "I'm well aware of it, Solicitor Granger. You've argued for it countless times since Mr. Malfoy was arrested." Supreme Warlock Purifoy scanned three more pieces of parchment before laying the stack down. "Now, I have to decide and balance the needs of the system with the mercy that the Greengrass family is asking for." "Sir, please, with all due respect – " Hermione was cut off with a wave from the warlock. "Mr. Malfoy, if Solicitor Granger had her way, you would be facing five years in Azkaban, for violating your parole. I find that cruel, considering that you are only convicted by me of drinking in public, even if the mitigating circumstances were more than explanatory." "Circumstances?" Hermione hissed. "He chose to violate his parole. What other mitigating circumstances are there?" "Yes, circumstances. He perfected a former potions master's recipe for Wolfsbane potion, for the werewolf population that comes to St. Mungo's for relief for their condition. Because of certain methods and efficiencies he developed, those afflicted will benefit from the new treatments, and live healthier lives." "That doesn't excuse what happened, sir." "I know. But to throw him in Azkaban for such, right as he was celebrating his success would be beyond foolish and short-sighted on our part." Hermione flopped back. "So, because he does something positive, he gets to break his parole, because what he's done has value to you." She crossed her arms. "How bloody noble, almost saint-like, so he can be excused from the consequences of his actions." "Give over, Solicitor Granger. I didn't say he was free to go. I said that there were mitigating circumstances." The elderly wizard looked at Malfoy's solicitor before pushing a piece of parchment across. "This is a summary of my decision, and binding for the Wizengamot. While I cannot excuse your choices, Mr. Malfoy, and cannot let you escape all consequences for them, this is my mercy: You are hereby under house arrest for the next six months and fined one thousand galleons." "Six months! One thousand galleons! I don't have that kind of money." "Six months, provided you can leave the manor for work and medical appointments. You also have a year to pay your fine. To comply, a trace will be added to your person, so should you violate your probation again, Aurors will be there to arrest you. Next time, I won't be so merciful." The wizard turned to Hermione. "Is that acceptable to you, Solicitor Granger?" "Absolutely not but since you are taking nothing that I say into consideration, I will have to file my protest with the Wizengamot and the Minister when this is over." "Go ahead, Granger. This is politics and also social balancing, for the good of our society." He turned back to the remaining people in the room. "Mr. Malfoy will also be back under license for another five years, under the same conditions before he violated them. I believe that will be acceptable in light of the alternative options of incarceration at Azkaban for three months." "Three months?" Hermione growled. "Any other wizard automatically receives six months!" "More than adequate, sir," Solicitor Solomon replied immediately. "Finally," he looked at Healer Greengrass as well as Astoria. "Since you have demonstrated that you are smitten with this flawed young man, I do hope he listens well to any continued counsel, from both of you. As for you, Solicitor Granger, while you have the right to despise and detest Mr. Malfoy for what happened previously, he is still considered a productive member of our society, regardless of how you feel towards him. "It's a good thing you feel pity and remorse for him, sir, because I have zero respect for someone who advocates murder of those who aren't Purebloods or actively seeks my death by standing aside while – " "Enough, Granger. I will see you in my chambers tomorrow morning." "You're right, sir. I will be in first thing to discuss this travesty of justice." She picked up her dragonskin satchel and stalked out, leaving the rest in the Warlock's chambers. Hermione refrained from slamming the door to the supreme Warlock's office and instead decided that the first one to cross her path with a negative word would have their head bitten off. She made it to the lift and punched the button. Her temper was up and nothing short of – The lift doors opened and she saw Ron inside, grinning shyly for one half second before he registered the scowl on her face. "What happened, love?" She stepped into the lift and punched the ground floor. She'd deal with the mess at work after she had her meeting in chambers. "The bastard got away with it again. I am so sick of Pureblood prats getting multiple breaks and unjustified leniency when poor witches and wizards would be in Azkaban for a year for what he did. But no, because his grandfather was friends with the supreme warlock, he gets house arrest and probation again." The lift moved and she stood there ready to bite someone. "How can I help?" She turned and saw his eyes were a darker shade of blue. "When are you off duty?" Ron lifted his wrist. "Now, if you want." Hermione stepped in close, reaching behind his collar to his neck and pulling him close to her. She whispered across his lips, "Take me home and fuck me. It's the only way I know to cope with being furious." "Do we need safe words tonight?" He brushed his lips across hers. "Fuck yes."