the sweat dripping. Really easy, we'll start off slow." He pumped his arms up and down and kicked his legs back, taking deep calculated breaths and exhaling loudly. Percy gulped, trying to mime Oliver who looked like a gazelle in the forest looking for the water hole. With just one movement Percy pathetically felt his armpits start to sweat, the smell of cheese wafting into his nose and making him queasy. "O-O-liver," he wheezed, his side hurt and he felt dizzy. He hated running. He hated moving . Walking was enough cardio for him. "I'm done. I quit." "Get it together Weasley," he said, but realizing how red Percy's face and neck had become Oliver stopped his jogging and nodded his head. He wasn't going to have him die on his watch. If he wanted to keel over he would have to do it outside of his fitness center. "Right, well, step two is stretching but I suppose you can't do that either." Percy nodded his head in agreement, pushing his slipping glasses up his nose and shakily walking towards a long empty bench, sliding underneath a weighted bar, trying to calm his ragged breathing. "Step three," he pleaded. "Let's move on to step three." Oliver flipped through his magazine, wishing that a window would appear in the room. It smelled oddly like a mixture of dirty man, cheese and a decomposing Weasley. His head was starting to hurt. "Well," he mused, scratching his chin with one hand, "are you going to be able to actually work on your abs?" he questioned. Percy blinked, he was starting to see spots of black and he was positive that was not a good sign. "Course," he snapped. "That's the best part." "Right. We're going to try the ab twister. Lift your legs up." He waited for Percy to lift his legs up in the air but he just stared up at the ceiling, lips pursed, a scared look in his eyes. "I can't move my legs," he said with a loud groan. "Take me to the Hospital Wing," he pleaded. "I think I pulled a muscle. We're done and for the love of Merlin, get me some water." Oliver nodded, pulling out his wand, ready to levitate the shaking red head from the bench and through the castle. He honestly hoped they came across no one and did not know what he was going to tell Madam Pomfrey. -x- Confidence is key . Oliver had repeated it to Percy as he lay in bed in the hospital wing for the day. He drowsily got up the next morning, after taking one more replenishing potion to keep up his strength (or lack of) and shuffled out of the Hospital Wing, hair sticking up and smelling of day old cheese. Confidence? How was Percy supposed to have confidence when he was built like a twelve-year-old boy? His head felt woozy as he walked down the corridor, t-shirt clinging to his chest and the sweat that was forming on his forehead made him shiver. Keep with your strengths. I'm sure you have some redeemable qualities . Oliver had advised him. Percy wasn't sure being a bookworm and getting O's on assignments were considered strengths but he sincerely hoped so or else he would remain a virgin forever. He struggled to move one foot in front of the other, focusing on trying to contract what little muscle he had. The corridor he was walking down was empty and the sun was coming in through the windows, a small breeze rolling into the castle. As he rounded the corner, Percy heard some voices. He stood still, not wanting to call attention to himself as three girls came into view. "…and I said to him no I won't…what is that smell?" Percy cursed in his head as the three girls looked up and laid eyes on him. One was Penelope and the other two were Melinda and Helen. The three girls stared at him, wrinkling their noses, wondering if the smell was coming from him. Now was not the time to see Penelope. Now was not the time to be a pansy either. Confidence was key and he knew he needed a lot of it at that moment. He swallowed under their calculating gaze and willed himself to not limp towards them. Holding his head up high, Percy decided to break the rules for a second time in his life. He tried to give them what he hoped was a smoldering look and bit his bottom lip, growling at them. Then he took his arms that felt like spaghetti and shakily peeled off his brother's tight t-shirt. The shirt got stuck on his head and he struggled to wriggle out of it, blushing slightly. The three girls gaped at him. Helen's eyes popping open wide while Melinda averted her own after a few seconds, and whimpered on Penelope's shoulder. "Oh Merlin," she whispered. "Do you see that body?" Penelope nodded her head, her curly blonde hair bouncing up and down. "Percy?" she squeaked, staring at his pasty hairless chest. He stood up tall and walked next to the trio, winking at Penelope, hoping the sweat that was now dripping down his forehead didn't fall into his eye. "This is what real men look like," he said loudly, nodding at Helen. She blushed and then dropped her head into her hands, giggling like the banshee she was. "And for the record, I do work out." Before his confidence could leave him he winked again at Penelope who giggled and smile at him, then he started his slow walk down the corridor, legs feeling like jelly. He might not have had a six-pack and would most likely never but the girl he had a crush on at smiled at him. She had smiled at him . All the pain in his body was worth it. Author's Note: This was inspired by the song, 'Sexy and I Know It,' by LMFAO.