on his knees to polish his bathtub. Muggles did so much unnecessary work. He was determined to find something he enjoyed that Muggles did and driving seemed like the obvious answer. "Yes," he answered finally. "Imagine our children in the back seat of our large van while we drive across the country. We'll camp out really nice. Not like when we were hiding from Death Eater's. It'll be more grand and less nerve wracking. Besides, Ronald Jr., Ronald the III and Ronalda—" "Ronalda?" Dean questioned, wrinkling his noise. He burped loudly and laughed to himself. Ron raised his eyebrow nervously. Last thing he needed was a drunk driving instructor. The firewhiskey bottle was suspiciously half empty as Dean kept taking sip after sip. "It's the female version of Ron. We'll call her Ronnie for short of course. Doesn't it sound a bit exotic? Spanish almost." "I'm in a car with a ruddy idiot," Dean said, laughing loudly. Harry reached forward from behind him and snaked his hands towards the bottle he was currently sloshing around, spilling some of the contents. "Come on, we're switching seats." Dean opened his eyes nervously, coming back to reality for a moment. "With his driving? That's insane. You've always been an insane risk taker Potter. I'll have you know I value my life." "Just switch seats with me, come on." Dean grumbled and Ron said nothing, squinting his eyes trying to see through the rain that was coming down harder. The windshield wipers were slowing down but the cars around him were suspiciously speeding up. Next to him, Dean removed his seatbelt, turned his body and dived towards the backseat of the car, yelping as he got stuck. Harry grudgingly pulled his body towards the empty seat next to him, slamming his body into the side door accidentally. "Ow!" Dean shouted. "Watch the merchandise. I'm still single over here." He rubbed his head and grabbed the firewhiskey back from Harry who was awkwardly trying to fold himself and struggled to move to the front seat of the car. He was panting as he positioned himself sideways and put on his seatbelt and then punched Ron in the arm. "I'd drive across the country with you," Harry said quietly. Dean snorted loudly but Ron grinned in response. At a stop, he pulled out his wand and tapped the radio, the hula girl swinging her hips to the tune that was coming out of it. Somehow, he had come up with a spell to make the words, 'We're driving in the car,' come out on a loop. Harry bobbed his head back and forth to the beat while Dean snapped his fingers and Ron began to sing. "We're driving in the car. I don't know where we are. Hm. Hm. Hm. We're driving in the car." Harry blanched at his words. "What the hell do you mean you don't know where we are?" Ron shrugged and Dean laughed in the background. "Harry's really mad. He actually looks quite sad." Before Harry could yell at him Ron cursed loudly as the windshield wipers stopped working completely. The rain was pelting down on the car in buckets and it was making it hard for him to see. He couldn't tell how close the car in front of him was. All he could see was the red blur of its taillights. "We're dying in the car," Ron sang nervously. "I can't see where we are." "We're dying in the car! We're dying in the car! All thanks to Ron because he can't see where we are. All together now!" Dean sang in the backseat. Harry gripped the sides of his seat nervously. He checked to make sure his seatbelt was on twice and started hyperventilating making Ron more nervous then he wanted to be. "I'm having flashbacks," he said, struggling to breathe. He was sure at any second a train was going to start coming their way or they were going to swerve off the road and into a forest. He could see Aragog in his head. The sheer fear of the memory made his heart beat in his chest at an alarmingly rate. No, Ron should definitely not get his license. Harry would make sure of it if he survived the car ride. "Here!" Dean yelled. "Have a drink!" He offered the bottle to Harry who numbly took it as Ron's knuckles turned white because he was clutching the wheel so hard. The radio started to repeat, 'We're dying in this car. We're dying in this.' Harry nervously took a swig, the whiskey burning his throat and momentarily calming him down. "Do you have an invisibility button?" Ron asked, as a car honked at him from an unknown direction. "Who do you think I am?" Dean asked, moving his feet around through the trash by him, looking for some food. "We're dying in this car. We're dying in this car." Dean hummed the tune as Harry held onto his seat for dear life. Ron did the only thing he could think of. He clutched the wheel tightly and made a sharp turn, loud honking could be heard but Ron didn't care. He hoped he wasn't about to crash into a car since he couldn't see in front of him. Instead, the car skidded and then swerved off the road. He shakily put the car in park and pulled out his wand, tapping the car door next to him. Harry opened his door and stumbled out into the rain trying to take in their surroundings. They had driven onto someone's lawn, taking down their fence with them. Ron gulped and Harry shook his head, offering the bottle of whiskey to his friend. Inside the car, Dean rolled down his window and drunkenly shouted, "Let's do that again!" Author's Note: The song was inspired by my Aunt who liked to sing on our vacations, "We're driving in the car. I don't know where we are. Ah, we're driving in the car!"