the worst of the November chill. "They might think you're shameless because of how often you visit," he said. He then collapsed next to her on the bed, also sighing in relief that his sore muscles could finally have a break, but his adrenaline was still singing from winning the match. "But seeing as how I could force you to co-captain with me…" "Judging by what I saw today, I think you should be fine." "Should?" Gid gasped. He rolled to his side. You're my former captain, what you should have is better faith in me." They fell into a strange silence, but their familiar banter had made his heart beat faster. How are you? No, that was too much of a standard question. Everyone was asking her that. I've missed you every day was likely too much. It feels like I'm falling headfirst into something new, and all I want to do is hold onto you. Now that was too much everything, but he remembered every letter that he wrote to her since the school year had started. He remembered the letters she wrote back, how it allowed him to see the her, the parts that were growing and becoming healthy again. And every time he saw in her person, there was visible proof of it. "Thanks for letting me…" Halley made a vague motion with her hands, color flooding her cheeks. Her presence had always thrilled her former housemates, but it had also meant a horde of people asking her questions and wanting to know everything about what her life was like now. What was it like being an Auror? Was it true she had to trek in the abandoned underground tunnels in London to find one of the Lestrange brothers? More importantly, was she dating anyone? That one in particular was asked a lot. Though hearing that one made Gid feel unusually grumpy. Witch Weekly and the gossip columns in The Daily Prophe t always had their rumors, but none of it were true – and they weren't even dating so why should he care so much? He and Halley weren't dating anymore, and the one time they had sex together was because they had desperately missed each other, and they couldn't be together now because they had talked about the difficulties of her going through training and him in school, and, of course, she needed the space to heal and grieve in her own time… and now all Gid could think about was the way her hips slid against his, legs wrapped around his waist as he sank to the floor with her… This was bad. He knew in his heart he was steps away from writing bad poetry about her green eyes and her soft mouth he was currently staring at. And Halley noticed. She had rolled to her side, facing him and staring just as intensely back. A corner of her mouth twitched. He'd seen that look when they would break off an OWLS study session for something more fun, or when the Snitch was just in view of a perfect catch. "What are you thinking about?" You . Always you . "Oh, nothing," he said, "Just how this famous Auror is hiding from school children. Such bravery." "Hey!" She gave his ankle a light kick. "You're getting some of the blame, Weasley. I've heard from Hector how you're the one who's been singing my praises all over school! " There was the sudden loud sound of someone banging the door open, and voices followed it, as did the way Rory was saying Hector's name in a breathless way. Halley immediately went for her wand, ready to cast the needed spells non-verbally. "Leave it to them to always barge in like this," she muttered as she traced the tip of her wand in the air. Gid covered his face with a pillow and groaned. ºººº It's just one kiss. Moving quick, Halley rose on her toes and placed one on the corner of his mouth, ignoring the sounds of the people around them. She distinctly heard Georgia whooping about the success of the charmed mistletoe. There were scattered bursts of laughter from their friends. "Happy Christmas," she said in a rush, awkwardly patting Gid's chest. She stumbled backwards over the warped floorboards of the back room in the Leaky Cauldron. See you when I'm no longer ashamed to show my face around you. He made a scathing sound. "Halley!" "And have a happy new year!" she added. She stumbled again, this time as if her foot collided with a wall. She looked up at the mistletoe, and saw how the berries were still glowing. That measly peck hadn't ended the charm. Fine . It'll have to be another kiss, then. Wasting no time, Halley yanked on the collar of his Christmas jumper, but he was kissing her first. Gid's wasn't light like hers had been. It was deep, more involved for the both of them. His mouth felt warm and firm against hers. He had kissed her like this before: by the lake, her seventeenth birthday, and after the Battle of Hogwarts. But this one quickly eclipsed into something else entirely that caused Halley to grab fistfuls of his shirt and taste the cider he had been drinking earlier. She could feel his palms gliding over her back, pulling her in closer so that she lined up against him. She let go of his shirt and tangled her hands in his soft hair, feeling the imprint of his body being pressed against hers. It burned away everything else, causing the holiday party to vanish and the world to stop. He was still holding her when the kiss ended, and stroking the space between her shoulder blades with his thumb, looking at her in such a soft way that made her heart beat faster. She was either going to melt or combust on the spot. "Gideon?" "Yeah," he said thickly. "I like you a lot."