It's after four in the bloody morning." Christ, she was a sight for very sore eyes and a very tired arse. "I wanted to greet you when you finished your assignment. I took today off because I thought you would want my company," she blushed slightly, using the euphemisms that made him laugh. "Hermione, if you've not noticed, I'm not 14 anymore." He stripped out of his jumper and t-shirt, along with his trousers and socks, leaving him in bright orange and black Cannon's boxers she bought for him a few years ago. "Well, your pants betray you." She lifted the bedclothes and he slid in, snuggling up next to her. "I was wrong about Viktor," Ron started. "I was so wrong about him." Hermione turned to him after putting a bookmark in and laying the book aside. "Regarding what, Ron?" "I was such a twat, at 14. I would be pissing and moaning if I had the life Viktor leads, with people telling him constantly what he has to do on a daily basis. Sod can't do a bloody thing without approval from three people." "So you finally saw what I've known for years?" Merlin keep Hermione. She didn't smirk or natter on about told you so's he'd hear from Harry and Ginny. Ron snuggled into her side and put his head on her shoulder, blowing breath across her chest. "Well, yeah, I did. It's rubbish when Mum owls, telling me to come visit more often, and I can't because I'm working too bloody much, either for the Ministry or for George. But Viktor? He has no life. He can't go see his parents because he's traveling so much. Sure, he's an Internationally Famous Quidditch star, and makes gobs of galleons, or whatever the Bulgarian wizarding currency is, and has so many people wanting a piece of him every single second of the day, but you know what else? He has zero freedom, has like twenty people telling him what to do every second of the day, and he doesn't have a moment's peace, even while taking a piss. He was shaving before his match and he had three people in the loo with him, with one telling him the English game strategy, and another discussing his endorsement contracts in Bulgaria – for a cereal, of all things, and his nutritionist informing him that he needed more fiber in his diet." Ron looked at Hermione with a slightly green tinge. "I won't even tell you how the team nutritionist knew that. And that doesn't even include his personal chef who was constantly busy cooking his meals that looked like rubbish and tasted even worse. I know. I shared breakfast with him and it was worse than you get at the canteen at the Ministry. Your cooking is loads better than that rubbish." Hermione pinched his cheek and he laughed. "I can guess since it's probably close to what professional models have to endure. You've seen them on the telly at my parents place – well, at least the world class ones that you think are entirely too skinny." "Well, they are!" Ron retorted. "Anyway, he might make galleons hand over handle, but he won't have a real day away from everyone for at least another six months, way he tells it, and hasn't in six months. I took a look at his planner and everything is mapped out, such as when he wakes, works out, eats his meals, including what he eats, who he's to meet with, when to practice, what exercises he does, when he gets his massage, and all of the other rubbish. He might have ten minutes a day total to himself." "Are you now happy with what you have? You've decided that you don't want to throw away everything you've worked for and be a Quidditch groupie, following around Viktor for every match?" "Fuck no! I'd be a groupie for the Cannons, if you let me." Hermione laughed and Ron did too. He finally settled down into her side, relishing he could have these times to talk with her without interruption. "Have you finally decided that you don't envy Viktor anymore, that you have nothing to envy?" "Well, it'd be bloody nice to be so wealthy that you can play Quidditch professionally and not have to otherwise work, or have barmy blokes trying to kill you daily, but I'd be completely spare if I had someone telling how much to eat every day – what to wear – meeting people every hour without an hour to sit on my arse, drinking a butterbeer and listening to the wireless. He has the glory, attention and affection of thousands, but he's so lonely. He's not seen his parents in almost a year and hasn't seen his friends for months, all because of Quidditch." "What are you getting at, Ron?" "He lives like a prisoner – sure, it's a magnificent gilded cage – but I have things that he doesn't, like you, and can shag my wife when I want while he's left bereft for months on end for tournaments. He looks like he has everything he'd ever want in life, but he's nothing more than a glorified poppet, flying for an owner who uses him and – " Ron pulled Hermione on top of him, letting her feel every inch of him. "I'm tired of talking about Viktor. I rather snog you." He pressed Hermione down into the bedclothes, appreciating how responsive she was to his needs. She eventually pushed him off and onto his back and straddled his waist, removing the vest she had on. "So you're happy with the life you have?" Ron stopped moving so he could appreciate his wife out of her kit. "I am so bloody content with my life. Viktor wishes he had what I have." "Does that include me?" she softly kissed him. Ron reciprocated with everything into his kiss with Hermione, smiling through it all. "No. Viktor envies me."