and Daphne rolls her eyes with a smirk on her face. "Astoria! I'm coming out! Never talk to me again! I won't listen! I promise! Well, that was a lie!" Daphne shouts. Again a loud scream can be heard—Merlin, she has a pair of lungs—and a loud horrific crash from inside the room. "Must you be such a nuisance?" I question Daphne glaring at her. She rolls her brown eyes and shrugs her shoulders, the curls of her equally brown hair bouncing. "Do you love my sister Draco?" She questions quietly. At this both Mr. and Mrs. Greengrass turn towards me with questioning looks on their faces. "I…" I can't think of the correct answer because there isn't one. Surely I don't need to answer this. No, not to them. I know how I feel, Astoria knows how I feel and Daphne…well, I don't have a proper adjective to describe her. "Well?" Mr. Greengrass questions. Beads of sweat are forming on my forehead and it suddenly feels like I'm suffocating. I gulp scratching the back of my neck. "I want her to bare my children?" I say unconvincingly. I almost miss the flash of anger on Mr. Greengrass's face as he whips out his wand levitating me out of his house quickly. Talk about feeling unwelcome. -x- After much contemplation and a smack on the head from Mum I realized what my problem was. I was going about this all wrong. To give Astoria what she wanted I had to do it in a flashy way. Saying those words—I finally figured out what Father was talking about…(he did have to spell it out for me though)—meant a change in our relationship. Although marriage would have also. But I digress. Naturally I didn't have any sane people to turn to when trying to come up with a master plan. So I went with my gut and my wallet. Twenty galleons later and Daphne caved in, telling me where Astoria was going for the week. I figured her impromptu shopping trips in Italy, Spain and France weren't the romantic settings I was looking for. What are those countries known for anyway? So, instead I opted to trailing her in Diagon Alley on a rainy Friday. I was trying to muster up the courage the entire day to face her and finally blurt out what she wanted to hear but I wanted the right setting. And finally after three menial hours of dashing behind trashcans and into dark alleys I found my ray of hope as she walked alone towards Whiz Hard Books. "Astoria!" I shout running towards her. She wasn't that far off but still running always sounds much more dramatic than 'walked briskly.' "What are you doing here?" She questions glaring at me. For a moment I almost forgot. "I wanted to tell you something." I say uncertainly. She huffs and rolls her eyes pushing past me and walking into Whiz Hard mumbling something incoherent under her breath. I rush in behind her after much thought and have to push past several book freaks—you know what I'm talking about, the weirdos that smell books and cry when reading them—in search of a petite blonde woman. "Astoria!" I shout dramatically again. There are not that many people in the shop and yet they all 'shush' me making me grumble. "Astoria!" I whisper picking up a dusty book to see if she's hiding underneath it. "Astoria!" "Will you shut up!" A voice shouts back at me. Target spotted. I walk towards Astoria who is huddled on the floor with tears streaming down her face. She looks like a wreck, her make-up is messed up and her hair is a bit dishevelled and she's hiccupping (a nervous habit of hers). She has never looked more beautiful in my eyes before. "Why are you crying?" "Because you're an idiot. Because I'm an idiot. Why am I even dating you?" she says sniffling. I ask myself the same thing. "Astoria listen," I say crouching down on the floor. "I don't know if you've realized but I'm a bit slow. And I do stupid things—" She puts her hand up cutting me off. "I don't understand why you're torturing me, I get it Draco, you don't love me. You've made that quite clear during the past three days." She says with a sigh. I roll my eyes at her dramatics and plant my hand on her mouth to shut her up. "That's the thing. I love you, I love you more than something loves..well anything," I say shaking slightly, "I love you as much as Harry Potter loves that ginger-haired girl…oh don't laugh at me, they have a very romantic story. I read it in the Prophet." She rolls her eyes and shakes her head wiping at her tear stained face. My heart is beating rapidly in my chest, faster at every movement that she does. It's unbearable. I think I'm having a heart attack. "Now," I say managing to continue," I'm terribly in love with you and I'll feel like a fool if you don't say it back. I suppose I'll have to go and woo Granger if you reject me," I mumble, twiddling with my thumbs. She doesn't say anything but stares at me for a full minute and then starts hysterically laughing. "I tolerate you," she whispers grinning. I groan getting up from the floor and reaching my hand out to pull her up. "If I could have gotten away with just saying I tolerate you I wouldn't have made such a big spectacle." I mutter. Astoria snorts and smacks my arm making me groan. Slowly she wraps her arms around me sighing contently. "I love you." She whispers. It's so faint that if I wasn't waiting for it, wasn't expecting it, I wouldn't have heard it. Women make everything so complicated. Honestly. Author's Note : Could anyone tell what Draco's favorite word is? I'll give you a hint, it starts with an 'H.'