cotton and all things luxurious, I felt my life slipping away. It really was quite unfair. I was eleven, this should not have been happening. I was about to start Hogwarts in a few short months. Let me clear that up. I was about to rule Hogwarts in a few short months. I was a Nott and we Notts were the purest of the pure. So pure, my father was qualified enough to write a book about it. We held the power, the status and the wealth. According to my father, our family was as old as the magic itself. And yet, I was dying from some muggle disease nobody knew the name of; that neither magic nor galleons could fix. Ironic, wasn't it? My father refused to let a muggle healer look at me. He would rather let me die than spend a second in the presence of dirt. Just as well. It would have been too late anyway. I was intelligent and talented. I've already mastered my Occlumency (something that all Purebloods were taught from the moment they showed signs of magic), already read through the first and second year Hogwarts course material, as well as some extra darker texts from the family library. Not to mention I've learned to control my magic by the age of five, for Merlin's sake. Yet, I was the one who was dying. I was rather pretty too when I was not dying. I had shoulder-length straight hair that was either dark blonde or light brown depending on how you looked at it, olive-ish skin and blue eyes. Lovely combination, if I did say so myself. I would've definitely grown up pretty enough to use it to my advantage or to marry any pure-blooded boy I wanted. If I was given an opportunity to grow up, that is. Which I was not. Because I was dying. Not that I would need a man for my plans; of which I had many, by the way. However, my father kept saying, " Alliances through marriage are more than advantageous, if you do it correctly." And he was right, of course. Nothing intimidated people more than a right name. And intimidated people were far more accommodating. If you added vast wealth to that, there was virtually nothing that could stop you. And if you put in a bit of effort and intelligence into the mix, you might as well start shopping for the throne right then. Which I won't be able to do. Because I was dying. Oh, I was also so conniving, I scared myself sometimes. I didn't even agree with my father's ideals. I mean, of course I believed that most muggleborns were inferior to me, but not because of their blood. That was stupid. They were inferior to me because they didn't hold any power in the magic world. They didn't have connections, they knew absolutely nothing about how the things were done in our world, they only started learning about magic once they started Hogwarts (which put them so far behind they obviously couldn't really be expected to keep up) and, most importantly, a lot of powerful purebloods hated them and wanted them gone. Even if their magic was strong, they had no chance of success, because of the prejudice. Because of all that, they were expendable. Quite a pity, really. This whole hatred could so easily be used to manipulate and gain control, it was ridiculous. Sometimes I wondered if others thought the same and, like me, called them mudbloods because it was beneficial to do so, or actually truly believed the inferior blood nonsense like my family. I would never find out, though. Because I was dying. So unfair. I was so much smarter, so much better than my twin brother Theodore and he was the one who got to live. He was the one for whom my father would actually consider muggle treatment, if the need arose. All because he was the one with the ability to provide an heir that would continue the family name. I, on the other hand, was not important enough to keep. Any grandchild I could offer would not be Nott enough for my father. Don't get me wrong, my father adored me. He would have loved for me to get through this. I was his little girl; A child, who followed his orders to the T, never did anything crazy; a true picture perfect type. Not perfect enough, however, to soil his reputation by inviting filth into the house. He spent a lot of money on the best magical treatment to keep me alive longer, but that was as far as he was willing to go for his little pureblooded princess. To be fair, though, he did not really know how powerful I could become with time, how intelligent I already was or what a perfect little Slytherin he was losing. And he wouldn't ever find out. Because I was dying. My eyes closed on their own, I was surrounded by darkness and I knew this was the end of me. Knowing it didn't make it better, however. I wanted to live. I deserved to live. I was only eleven. I really did not want to die today. But I died anyway. Hermione Jacqueline Nott (previously known as Hermione Granger), 1938 – After the Reassignment I woke up with a sudden intake of breath, sat up and looked at my surroundings. It wasn't a dream. "Oh, Merlin, I'm a Nott" A/N: And that was the first chapter. What did you think? I know that the whole travel to the 1938 process was crazy, but I swear it made sense in my head and I wanted to use something different that what I did in Merlin's box. Anyway, please follow and/or favourite and/or review if you liked it or have some constructive criticism. And if you hated it… Well, I'm sorry and I wish you all the best in your future fanfic exploration.