some really powerful enemy?!" followed by some horrified gasps. Harry snorted at the idea of the girls being sent by some enemy. The girls seemed as surprised as them all. "They must be very powerful!" Harry had the same thought; their cute looks were really a great weapon. Adults especially woman had a thing for all things cute especially if said thing was a living creature. He had seen many people bought down on their knees by a simple pout. So yeah they were very powerful. But maybe everyone was not thinking in the same direction as him. "They were just kids. Did you see how those stupid brats were screaming for their lives? And you believe they could do anything remotely dangerous to us?" a very familiar and annoying voice announced at the Slytherin table. There were many sounds of agreements and laughter. Harry just hoped that the kids were alright. He too was curious but he was too tired to care. So he silently listened to the theories by his friends. One theory caught his attention. What were the chances that the girl who had fallen in front of him being related to him? He understood their suspicion. She had black hair and green eyes like him. "But Harry's eyes are a shade darker than her eyes and Harry has paler skin than her. The shape of their eyes and face was also different." Hermione's statement surprised him. He was surprised that she paid that much attention to him. He looked at her quizzically and she flushed when everyone looked at her. "You a fan Hermione?" some other girl asked giggling. "N-no! It's just that when I first saw the girl I entertained the idea of them being related so I just observed them both that's it!" "Whatever you say Hermione…" sang both Fred and George. Hermione hid her face in her hands. She was the subject of their teasing for a while, but it helped them to become friendlier with her. She noticed this too and once in awhile began teasing the others. Ron was having fun making up many theories about fallen angels and little devils, veela or whatever that is. After dinner all of them were led into the Gryffindor common room. But Harry couldn't stop thinking about the green eyed girl. A tiny hint of hope that maybe just maybe she was family. He knew aunt petunia was his mother's sister. But he wasn't sure about his father's family. He decided it was better not to think too much and give him false hope. The world had many people who looked similar. In the infirmary Dumbledore stood observing as Madam Pomfrey or Poppy as he called her, worked on the four unconscious girls. Professor Severus Snape who was their potions master stood beside Dumbledore. The next person was professor McGonagall who was looking on worried. Finally madam Pomfrey sighed. "I don't know what people teach kids these days." She grumbled. "How are they Poppy?" Dumbledore asked softly. "They are fine. Exhausted from almost draining their magical energy dry. There are no other problems. Nothing a good sleep wouldn't fix." "Exhausting their magical energy? That can only mean that they had been using wand less magic, otherwise it should be near impossible for someone to dry up their magical core." Snape said eyes narrowing. "Are you saying that these children, used wand less magic to get past Hogwarts magical wards? That should be impossible. Wand less magic should be weak as it is and these are children, they would not have gotten their hands on a spell powerful enough for that." Minerva McGonagall was worried. "Well Minerva these four have already proven that such a thing is possible." Dumbledore said calmly, his blue eyes twinkling. "But Albus does that not mean that our wards are not powerful enough? If these children could do it then…" McGonagall trailed of nervously. "I believe that what these four did was only possible due a certain set of circumstances Minerva. I am fully convinced that this will not happen in normal circumstances." Dumbledore was confident that their mysterious benefactor was involved in it. "And what do you think those circumstances are Albus?" Snape questioned. "Well let's ask the children when they wake up. In the mean time we need to strengthen our wards once more it seems." Dumbledore said and send a questioning look at madam Pomfrey. "They will be awake by tomorrow." She said and left the room. "It's settled then. We shall have our answers tomorrow." Dumbledore strolled out of the room, followed by Snape and McGonagall. Although he noticed the other presence in the room he chose not to care. It was the same woman who promised to help them. Dumbledore bit back a groan he needed some lemon drops. As soon as the room was cleared of the professors and the medic, the black cloaked woman stepped out of the shadows and moved towards the sleeping children. She sighed deeply. "I guess I'll leave you a gift so you won't do anything foolish. Wizards are paranoid we don't want anyone finding out where you are from do we?" the woman said to the sleeping girls giggling. She hovered her palm above the head of one of the girls first and then repeated it with the other three. "I hope you provide me some good entertainment… disappointing me will have dangerous consequences." She softly said caressing the cheek of the girl nearest to her. Out of nowhere a black leather couch and a bucket full of popcorn appeared in the middle of the room. She sat on the couch Indian style with popcorn on her lap, all the while giggling like a maniac (which she probably is). "It's going to be soooo much fun." She squealed and the couch along with her and her popcorn sunk into the shadows. "Let the movie begin…" her soft giggles were like the whispers of the wind. To Be Continued…