no obligation to any of them. With that he gathered both of his instincts, Gryffindor courage and Slytherin cunning and finally unlocked the library door to head downstairs— though not before ordering Dobby to keep anyone from entering the library. No one was to discover his secret study after all. It seemed the walls had ears as Molly Weasley rushed out of the kitchen as soon as he set foot on the stairs of the first floor. Bloody overbearing woman! "Harry! Oh dear, you're finally back. I do hope you're alright? You look a bit pale perhaps, nothing a good meal can't fix! Come on dearie, I'm sure you've had nothing to eat yet!" The familiarity she proclaimed annoyed him to no ends now, especially after having read about purebloods and she and Mr Weasley were both purebloods, so what the hell? They acted nothing like a proper Lord and Lady would, respected house or otherwise. "Mrs Weasley, please calm down. I have had a meal, I assure you, and I am not ready to come talk with everyone yet. However I do find myself with the need to speak with my godfather; so if you'll excuse me." He had been impeccably polite, which was exactly what had stunned the Weasley matriarch into silence long enough for him to brush past her and find Sirius in the kitchen with the others. Before they could send a barrage of questions at him that he knew would come, he held up his hand, halting them. "Sirius, do you have a moment? I'd like to speak with you, in private." He knew that Sirius would realise what his straightened posture and the seriousness on his face and in his gaze meant, having been brought up in what Harry had learned over the past few weeks. A curt nod from Sirius was followed with him getting up and excusing himself from the conversation he had been partaking in. The two of them excluded themselves in what Harry found to be the Black study. It was quite magnificent really but now was not the time to think on the subtle beauty of the room or it's furniture. Once the two of them were alone, Sirius instantly broke formality. "Harry, are you okay? We haven't seen you for weeks, everyone was worried sick about you..." Harry simply smiled in return and shook his head. "I'm doing much better Sirius. But what I'm going to tell you and ask of you cannot leave these walls, so if you could?" He trailed off, knowing no explanation was necessary, though he had no way of knowing if Sirius would agree. "Don't worry Harry, these walls are completely warded, including secrecy wards that cause the matters inside to be kept secret. I couldn't tell anyone even if I wanted to." He grinned his usual wolfish grin, looking a little smug, even though he had obviously not done the warding himself. Trust a Black to be paranoid about information, though quite justly, of course. "Good. I'm sorry about the formality just now Sirius but I've come across some very interesting books in the library and I've learned a lot about pureblood society and politics while I was locked away. I need to get to Gringotts soon and arrange for a bunch of things to be fixed, along with my emancipation." The new information cause Sirius pause, registering what Harry had said as quickly as possible. "Wait, emancipation?" Harry grinned and nodded. "By granting me a full trial in front of the Wizengamot for underage magic they declared me an adult by default of treating me like one. I've got a feeling the TriWizard Tournament might have played up on that as well. If I get the right papers signed I can use magic outside of school. I reckon I'll need it either way, with Voldemort on the loose." Sirius nodded, his expression grave though his eyes betrayed glee at Harry's sly plan. "I don't think ditching the Order will be too much of a problem. Just set them up and say we'll be studying some stuff together and they'll leave us alone as long as we want." Sirius grinned, mischief obvious as he celebrated the thought of getting out of the house. "Well then, is it possible for us to go right now? It's still pretty early and I need new robes. We both know I can't do any form of business in these rags. Not to mention be seen in them in public." He knew now how much public opinion and appearance mattered now and he scrunched his nose at the thought of his presentation during previous years. It only served to showcase how nervous he was though, making Sirius laugh. "Don't worry cub, the Goblins don't care for appearances it much and you'll probably want to do Gringotts business before showing yourself in public as the Potter Heir. Not to mention I've got a few surprises going and this is the perfect chance for me to finish them, right under Dumbledore's nose." Harry grinned at that statement. "You don't like Dumbledore much either, huh?" Harry was immensely glad for the acceptance that Sirius was giving him and the help he offered and though it was a slight bit unexpected, he did feel he could trust his godfather— he had learned early on always to trust his instincts. They planned for a little while about how they intended to go about the matter before deciding on a plan and having Sirius announce to the rest they were going to be busy studying for a while and that Dobby would tend to them for food and the like. Everything was coming along marvellously and Sirius used a glamour spell to make Harry look a bit more like a Black, the difference would be enough to hide his identity for the trip's duration. Hiding under his father's invisibility cloak they made their way out of the house and apparated to Diagon Alley.