could make her weak in the knees. "Justin—" "We could discuss this at a later date," he suggested hurriedly. "Maybe never if it doesn't end in my favor." This bumbling idiot who wore neon colored ascots, bow ties on dress down days, ate food with his mouth open and was generally jumpy around her was the guy she had been pining after all along. "Justin," she said wearily, pinching the bridge of her nose, "I have feelings for you." "I mean. Wait, what?" He stared at her with a dumbfound expression on his face. When he realized she wasn't going to answer he took a step back and then inhaled and exhaled loudly. "You have feelings for me? You have feelings for me!" he shouted in disbelief. He started to do a little victory dance that was partly embarrassing but there was another part of Hermione that thought it was rather charming. "I can't believe it! I mean I can. I'm quite the catch. Everything Ron said worked," he said moreso to himself than Hermione. She furrowed her brow at the mention of Ron as she sucked on her ginger candy. "Ron?" Justin nodded feebly. "He was sort of my advisor on all things Hermione Granger," he said with an embarrassed shrug. "Ron? Ronald Weasley ?" Hermione couldn't believe it. Ron was not an expert on her. They might've been close friends but he seemed to always forget her birthday, get her takeout orders wrong and tuned her out for most of their conversations. Justin stared at her as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. He thought briefly for a second if he should ask her inside but instead joined her in the rain instantly getting drenched. "Yes, Ron. Though I think he did lead me astray with a few things. No offense Hermione but he said you were a worldly dancer but my toes say otherwise." She gaped at him. She didn't listen as he continued talking because it was starting to make sense as she pieced it together. The party. The way Ron kept pulling Justin to the side and how she'd run into him at work. Ron had told Justin how to impress her. He might not have remembered her birthday but he knew what flowers she liked and things she wanted to try but she was too afraid to do on her own. She couldn't help but smile. For what it was worth Ron was a good friend. But this was Justin. Her co-worker. Like that wasn't a red flag enough. He had a pointy chin, what if their children had pointy chins and her bushy hair? Or they talked with his slightly nasal voice that irritated her on her worst days. "Err, Hermione? Are you still there? Earth to Hermione?" She blinked, pulling herself back to reality at the sound of his voice. "I don't like liars," she said sharply. Justin nodded in understanding. "I'm sorry. I didn't think—" "That's right. You didn't think but for once I am past thinking." Hermione nervously pushed herself onto the tips of toes and tried to kiss him. She missed and ended up pressing her lips against his chin. Before she could run off, Justin grabbed her and leaned down to kiss her. She tasted tangy and bitter, just like the ginger candy that was still in her mouth. If you asked Hermione the kiss was still damn near perfect. -x- " Stop , come on, there's someone at the door." Hermione giggled as Justin kissed her neck. She pushed him away and tried to hop off the bed in one swift motion but he ended up pulling her back and giving her a kiss. She grinned and he let her go after that, hopping off the bed with her as she rushed off towards the door. She felt giddy. After two weeks there was a permanent smile on her face. Now work was filled with sneaky kisses, which almost always happened in her office, the door now permanently closed whenever he popped in. She didn't have to worry about horrible dinner dates or responding to personal ads because she finally had someone in her life. It was too early to say if he was the one but Hermione felt like Justin was definitely going to be someone big in her life. He snaked his arms around her tightly as she opened the front door halfway. She grinned as Harry stood in the doorway with a perplexed expression on his face. "Hermione, I haven't heard from you in—Justin Finch-Fletchley, is that you?" He nodded his head and relaxed his grip on his girlfriend to give Harry an awkward hello. "So this is why you haven't been responding to my owls?" he asked hotly. Hermione grinned and nodded. "I want to say sorry. I really do Harry." "But," Justin snaked around her and grabbed the door, interrupting her, "she's really not mate. Do us a favor, next time you come over if we don't answer after the third knock try again later." Hermione snorted, trying to contain her laughter as Harry's green eyes shined angrily. "This is how you treat me after all the times I've been there for you? Ginny and I got into a fight and—" Justin was kissing her neck and Hermione couldn't concentrate on Harry's words. She groaned and pushed him off of her and tried her hardest to focus on Harry, pink in the cheeks. "Harry," she said very seriously, "You were right. Sex is great. I needed sex in my life. That's my advice. Go have sex." Hermione slammed the door shut on Harry's startled face and turned towards Justin with a mischievous grin on her face, ready to take her own advice. Author's Note : I'm rusty. Hard to write the descriptions but I liked the dialogue. I never pictured them as a couple but I like a challenge. Let me know what you think in a review.