obvious disappointment. "The Box will not put the user in a time that would not be relevant to the reason he was seeking the box in the first place. Let me use a simple example for this," Aurora said quickly, after Hermione gave her a questioning look. "If you wanted to use the box, because your favorite uncle lost his wand when he was five, the box would not send you back further than when you couldn't prevent that from happening. It would, however, choose a period in that time range, which would suit your personal needs, and the needs of those around you the most. Basically, it puts you in the time you want, as well as the time you're needed in. Is that clear?" She asked. "Yes actually. Thank you," Hermione answered. "That's great," Aurora smiled. "Now, the 'worthy' part is the easiest one to explain," she continued. "The Box simply searches your mind for the required qualities, i.e. compassion, determination, intelligence, etc. Simple, really," she waved it off. After a second, her face lit up with excitement. "Now, I think that's it. Would you like to see the box?" Hermione nodded enthusiastically and followed Mrs. Gamp to the room further down the corridor. When she finally saw the Box, she couldn't help but feel a little bit disappointed. Hermione expected something grand and magnificent. Like the house. Instead, there was a medium-sized, simple-looking, black metal, cubic-shaped box. It had some carving on it, but it was nothing significant. And then a thought hit Hermione. Who cares how the Box looked? It could help her change the history. Once she realised that, the Box seemed to become much more precious looking. "Okay, Hermione. Just put your hands on the Box and we will see if you can use it," Mrs. Gamp looked at the girl expectantly. When she saw Hermione's hesitant expression, she continued. "Don't worry, dear, it will not transport you straight away. For that you would have to open it," she explained. "For now, we will only determine if it considers you worthy. So go ahead," Aurora tried to encourage the girl. Hermione calmed herself down and put her hands on the Box. After a few moments the box started glowing yellow. "Well, isn't that interesting," Aurora said, frowning a little. "Does this mean that I qualify?" Hermione said hesitantly. "Yes, but it also means that you're not ready and/or capable of doing it yet," she replied. "Excuse me?" Hermione said angrily. "Oh, don't give me your attitude, child." Aurora rolled her eyes. "You can open it now, if you want to. It simply suggests doing some additional preparation for the journey, so you could actually achieve something." "How can I do additional preparation, if I don't even know which time period I will land in?" Hermione all but shouted. "That might be true," the woman said calmly. "However, you do know your mission. Therefore, you could learn the basic facts that would help you in any time," she reasoned. "In addition, extra training and research wouldn't hurt you, would it?" "Oh. Uh, Yes, certainly," Hermione answered, feeling like an idiot. Of course she should get all the information available. She should even try and get memories of everyone involved. Aurora was right, if she was doing it, she might as well do it right. "I apologise for my rudeness. You are right, of course," Hermione blushed. "I should go and get started," she concluded. "Nice to see you finally came to your senses," Mrs. Gamp replied sounding amused. "Take as long as you need. Once the box chooses the user, it will not consider anyone else," she assured Hermione and led her to the door. "That is really good to know," Hermione relaxed. "Thank you for everything, Mrs. Gamp. I hope to see you soon," she added. "I am sure you will, dear," Aurora smiled. "Good luck," she said and went back inside. Hermione looked at the house once more and apparated home. She had a lot of work to do. - End of Flashback - "Are you alright, dear?" Mrs. Gamp asked Hermione, noticing that she was a bit zoned out. "What?" Hermione looked around the room, confused. "Yes, Mrs. Gamp, I'm fine. I was just remembering the last time I was in this room. Excuse me," she smiled shyly. "Don't worry, darling, it's quite alright. It was a memorable visit, after all," she laughed. "Would you like to open it now, or wait for a bit and chat?" Aurora asked. "If you do not mind, Mrs. Gamp, I would like to do it now. The suspense is killing me," Hermione answered with a laugh. "Of course, dear; I can only imagine," the woman laughed and moved out of the way. "I wish you all the best in your journey, Hermione," she added with a smile. "Thank you," Hermione replied and once again put her hands on the Box. This time the Box had a bright white glow around it, which made both women smile. Hermione thought she was ready for what was about to happen, and the Box confirmed it. Talk about a confidence boost . She smiled at Mrs. Gamp one last time and opened the Box. Bright blue light was the last thing Hermione saw, before she passed out. A/N: Ok, that's it. What did you guys think? For some reason, I wanted Hermione to be prepared. Not too much, but enough to explain how she has some specific knowledge, i.e. where the horcruxes are. I also want to mention that the Merlin/Vivien story is actually real, though I manipulated it quite a lot. Lastly, I hope I didn't offend any of the people, who like to use time-turners in their stories. I simply needed them not to work that way for this story. Plus, it is how HISHE (how it should have ended) video doesn't have an effect on me. Anyway, thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed it :)