Potter's green eyes gazed at her in wonder momentarily before he responded, "He's fighting!" He said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. Augusta hurriedly bid him farewell as someone crashed into her frail body. She yelped but steadied herself as best as she could to keep herself from falling. She turned around and raised her wand, a grim look on her face as she prepared to fight. She could see Minerva in the far corner of the room, swishing her wand in the air and Molly Weasley on the other lost in a sea of redheads surrounding her. A hex shot out of Augusta's wand and she felt a sudden rush of power coursing through her. She was ready to fight any and all Death Eaters if it brought her closer to her grandson. -X- Molly was screaming. Her cries were so loud Augusta was sure if she got any closer to her she'd go deaf. She wiped at her sweaty brow with the back of her hand and wandered throughout Hogwarts. Harry Potter had defeated The Dark Lord. The war, after all of these years, was finally over. She found for the first time in years she could breathe. Her grey dressrobes were singed, muddied and ripped but for once she didn't care about her appearance. With her hand bag still fully intact and slung on her shoulder she walked back outside towards the grounds to find her grandson. She had watched just a mere ten minutes ago Neville slay a snake and standup to death itself without an ounce of fear in his eyes. He was no longer the clumsy boy she had raised but a strong grown man. Augusta paused at the last step and stared at her grandson from afar. He resembled his father so much. If she hadn't known any better she would have called out for Frank at that very moment. She gulped, emotion rising in her chest as Neville turned and noticed her. His lips turned upward and with the last ounce of energy he had he bounded towards her, not stopping until her was close enough to throw his arms roughly around her. "Gran!" He sobbed, squeezing her as if she was a figment of his imagination. Augusta, a woman who was not a fan of public displays of affection, found herself hugging him back equally as hard. She swallowed, trying to keep her tears at bay. "You think you can commandeer an entire battle over here at Hogwarts," she said, sternly. "I saw you waving your wand in the air with little care for it. Tut-tut, I thought I taught you better than that." Neville ignored her and opted to squeeze her tighter. "I've never been so happy to see this vulture hart of yours," he said, squeezing the bird affectionately. "I thought—" Augusta pulled away from him and smacked his arm with her handbag. "Of course I'm alive. Bloody Death Eaters, yes, do not stare at me with such shock, I said bloody . You can't rule Augusta Longbottom out. Unfortunately my hat is a bit singed." "I'll buy you a new one," he said earnestly. "Gran, I can't believe it. He's finally gone. It's all over." Augusta gave him a weary smile. The war might have been over but Augusta knew with every win came great loss. She thought of Molly weeping over her sons' body and the rest of the fallen. She thought of her own children sitting in St. Mungo's, physically there but mentally a million miles away. She cupped Neville's chubby cheeks in her hands and stared lovingly into his blue watery eyes. "Neville, your parents are so proud of you. I know I am. You're just like them. So incredibly brave." Her emotions were getting the better of her. A few silent tears rolled down her cheeks and Neville wiped them away with his thumb. "If anything Gran I like to think I got my strength from you. You're the strongest person I know." Augusta smiled warmly at him and grabbed her grandson by the arm. He looped his arm with hers and hobbled next to her, ready to make the long trek back up to the castle. After all these years her grandson would be able to live the life his parents had desperately fought for. He would be able to live freely without fear. Though Augusta knew after today happiness would be hard to find and it would be a long and arduous road to get comfortable with this new sense of normal. The Dark Lord might have been gone but there was still a battle to be fought. This time they would be fighting to rebuild their lives and a better society. Augusta knew she was up for the challenge. She was going to do what she always did at the sign of adversity; be strong. Author's Note: This story sort of escaped from me. It started off as being about Augusta learning about Frank and Alice but then Abbi's challenge came about. I wanted to do a long study into the character of Augusta. I normally write her in a care-free fun kind of way and most people think of her as this shrill old woman who is cold towards Neville. I tried to find the in-between. I just wanted to show through everything Augusta was still fighting and she came out stronger from it all in the end. If you noticed most of her scenes happen in her kitchen. I wanted it to be a nod to the fact that her favorite meal was dinnertime. Why? Because she could dote on her family but since most of her family was gone the only place she really comfortable was the kitchen. I know this was long so if we you were able to get through this I'd love to know. Leave me a review. I know this needs a lot of work so CC is welcome.