Crouch in turn passes the work onto people like Percy who need the experience in order to get anywhere in life. No matter the opportunities for improvement, Percy still thinks he's in a dead end. Most days, he's way too tired to even lock the door to his flat, and Oliver takes to texting him a reminder. He knows Oliver isn't any better off, what with having to take on more shifts at the coffee shop—"I'm supposed to tell people it's not a café," Oliver said once, "because we don't sell much food, just coffee and coffee products."—and despite seeing each other every morning, they only get to spend time together on the weekends. They talk about their jobs, sometimes, but usually try to avoid the topic. Percy hates his job because he's disappointed: he's worked there less than a year, but he knows it's going to be years—or possibly never—before he gets out of the filing room. The only way people get ahead is with money and connections. Percy has neither. Oliver talks about his early dreams of moving on from school football to playing professionally. Given that he's a full-time barista, it's a bit of a dead dream. The bad thing about having destroyed dreams is that they're broke and miserable. The good thing about a relationship is that they're in the same situation and can laugh at themselves as they cuddle. Not this weekend, though. Percy's laboring over his seventh final draft of the football regulation report, and he's beyond tired. He's twenty-five and feels about fifty. That may be an exaggeration, but he's allowed hyperboles from time to time. The problem with the report isn't that he's doing it with no understanding of the sport or its regulations. The problem is that Crouch is going to get the credit. It's one of Crouch's many shortcomings: he has no problem doing his own work, so people give him their work to do. Crouch in turn gives that extra work to people like Percy. That's just how it works. That doesn't mean Percy has to like it. He doesn't, in fact. Not one bit. He's about to give up and head to bed when his phone rings. He didn't think it worked well enough to ring, so it's a surprise, but he picks it up. "Hello?" "Hey, Perce," says Oliver on the other end of the line. "I need a favor." Percy quirks an eyebrow at the turn of phrase. "Yes?" "I need you to let me stay with you for a few days. They're doing plumbing in my building without notice, so I'm evicted for the next week or so." Percy imagines him pouting—the way that makes him look adorable, silly, and oddly attractive at the same time. "I'll stay out of your hair, I promise." Percy takes a look around his small flat. It's far, far from perfect, but Oliver's his boyfriend. "You really don't need to ask, Oliver. We've been dating for months." "Thought I'd ask just in case. So when can I come?" "Anytime, I think." Percy knows he doesn't have any food in, but that doesn't seem to matter, because then he hears a knock on the door. It's Oliver. .oOo. Mornings are horrid. Percy hates them almost more than he hates his job and boss. He hates his alarm, hates the position of his bed and windows, hates the lack of curtains in his flat that make the sun shine directly into his face. He hates his shower and the fact that it doesn't have hot water and hates being so far away from the coffee shop and having to wake up early to go there. He hates himself in the morning, because he's tired and petulant, and because he hates Oliver in the morning. The bad thing about his boyfriend is that he's even more of a morning drama queen than Percy. The good thing is that they live somewhat together now, and get a chance to see each other some mornings. The bad thing of that particular morning is the Percy misses his alarm. The worse thing is that Oliver is still sleeping when he wakes up. That never happens because Oliver's shift at the coffee shop starts earlier than Percy wakes up. The previous night, Percy stayed too late with Crouch, finally turning in his report—the eleventh version of it—on football ball regulations in professional games, so he and Oliver didn't get a chance to talk. He looks sideways at his boyfriend, pondering whether to wake him. In the end, he decides on 'yes'. "Psst!" he says into Oliver's ear. Oliver turns over and buries his head into the pillow. "No." "No?" Percy echoes. "You have work." "No." A pause. "I quit. Yesterday. Sorry, meant to tell you, but I think I reached my limit of being yelled at for things that aren't my fault." Percy gapes and wants to question him more, about the future and other important things, but he's already late. He doesn't buy a coffee on the way into the office that morning—which isn't the best idea because it's raining again—and shows up to see Crouch talking to Thicknesse in his office. He catches a few words: "Thank you, Mr. Crouch, I knew I could give over Bagman's report to you. You did me such a favor. You're a tremendous writer!" It's not like Percy expected anything different, but he was the one that researched football regulations as far back as the nineteenth century! He thinks he's at least a little justified in being indignant. The good thing about being in a relationship is that he has his partner's support and love for most of his decisions. Maybe it's the knowledge of Oliver's resignation, but Percy marches into the office, throws open the door, and states, "I wrote that report." He waits a minute, then adds, "And I resign!" He leaves his employee identification card on the visitors' desk and storms outside into the rain.