money and the first seven bachelors were now on their way to the reward dates. "And… er…" Fred looked awkwardly at the only person left on stage. "Oliver Wood… Keeper of Puddlemere United…" "…who got a start-up bid of… er…" George scratched his head awkwardly. "Five Galleons… from Weasley's Wizard Wheezes…" "…is not going on a date with neither myself nor my brother," Fred said quickly. He scanned the audience and Percy could pinpoint the exact moment their eyes met. "Our older brother, Percy Weasley…" "…will get the honor!" There was some scattered applause. But Percy didn't clap. He couldn't. He made eye contact with Oliver, who looked just as mortified as he felt; why did Percy have to be the consolation prize? It wasn't his fault no one had offered any money for Oliver! Fred and George, in the meantime, had jumped off the stage and were heading towards Percy with identical wicked grins. "Sorry, mate," George said, not looking at all apologetic. "No one can handle his Quidditch talk." "You can bore each other to death with your respective interests, yeah?" Fred reached up and patted his cheek. They had run to the back of the store before Percy could blink. And to think that he had relaxed! He'd been on edge all morning and for most of the day, but right when it mattered, he had trusted them! The twins targeted him more than they did their other siblings, but never maliciously. This seemed to toe the line, though: he hadn't volunteered, he hadn't done anything ,and here he was, Oliver Wood's consolation prize! He didn't have any more time to compose himself after this humiliation, either, because Oliver was now right in front of him. "Hello, Percy." "Hello, Oliver." Percy hoped he wasn't as awkward as he'd sounded. "How… er, how've you been?" He'd barely managed to keep in touch with his family after school—and had only reconnected with them after missing Christmas one year—so it was no wonder he had no idea what he was doing. Percy cleared his throat. "Good. I've been good." "That's good." "How have you been?" "Good." They stood there. Percy was glad they weren't in anyone's way, because that would have made the whole mortifying experience even worse. Oliver didn't look bad to be there, at the very least, so Percy relaxed a bit. "Would you like to go somewhere else?" he asked. "Not with—not with me. You don't have to. Unless you want to. We have to spend the rest of the day together, but we don't have do... my brothers won't do anything or… well…" "No, let's go." Oliver nodded. "Always easier to talk over some food. Besides, we haven't done anything together since Hogwarts, it would be great to catch up!" "Really?" "Why?" "Nothing, I just thought you'd have Quidditch or something." Percy shrugged apologetically as they started walking out of the store and in the direction of Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor. "Nothing against you, but that's why you were late to the auction this morning, right? Flying?" "Yeah." Oliver's eyes lit up. "Flying. It's incredible. I… Quidditch, too…We just played the Cannons, you know? Good game, completely neck and neck the entire time, we won by ten points! It was incredible! Captain said to get the weekend off, but I went flying this morning on our pitch… you wouldn't believe how serene it is right after dawn, when the sky hits the hoops just right… That's what I was doing this morning." Oliver hadn't changed since school; if anything, he'd become even more passionate. Percy wasn't interested in Quidditch personally, but he couldn't help but catch Oliver's enthusiasm. "What do you do, Percy?" "Other than being the consolation prize at charity events?" The question caught him off-guard, but Percy only allowed himself a small moment of silence. Oliver took the moment though, and interrupted. "You're not a consolation prize." "Yes, I am!" Percy laughed. "No one bid on you and you got stuck with me being your companion for the day. I'm a literal consolation prize, even if you don't think it! And… I am sorry that no one bid on you." "Don't worry about it." Oliver waved his concern away. "No matter what your brothers think, this is just two friends catching up after seven years apart. Now, what do you actually do?" Percy sighed. "I work at the Ministry. Department of Magical Transportation. We're currently working on regulating modern transportation methods and making them safer." "Modern methods of transportation? Like portkeys, magic carpets, brooms, that sort of thing?" "Yes, broomsticks are our most recent undertaking." As soon as the words were out of Percy's mouth, Oliver began talking. Taking about broomsticks at first, and how regulations could break them or make them, about how professional Quidditch could be affected, how some countries already had regulations. Percy responded and kept responding, and soon they weren't only talking about work but about their lives and other interests. They bought ice-cream in a break in the conversation, but their treats were halfway melted when they decided to take another break. .oOo. "Why did you have to make him the consolation prize!" Bill was yelling. "Imagine if mum finds out!" Charlie added. "Never mind mum, I'm mad!" Bill interrupted. "That was mean! You humiliated him in front of his old roommate, not to mention everyone in the store! Both of them! 'Sorry no one bid on you, here's our antisocial brother as a consolation prize!'" "It was too much," Charlie agreed. "We didn't mean anything by it!" Fred said. "Really, we didn't!" George added. "You—" "Thank you," Percy interrupted from where he'd been standing the doorway of the joke shop, listening. He smiled at Bill and Charlie, then turned to Fred and George. "And thank you . Oliver and I are meeting on Saturday. We thought we'd give this 'date' thing a try, since we had so much fun today." He grinned at them all and Apparated away.