of the café. 0-0-0-0 Up In The Attic wasn't as crowded as Draco had feared, and he was glad for it. He and Potter walked around the shop looking at travel bags, silk scarves, and a hundred different styles of fedoras. Finally, with a help of the sales clerk, Potter settled on a navy colour, faux-fur hat with a heavy ribbed silk ribbon around the edge. It was a classic, and Draco almost wanted to buy one for himself. But, he barely dressed in Muggle attire, and it'd look stupid on him, anyway. "Thank you for your help, Malfoy," Potter said to Draco after he'd made his purchase, gotten the hat nicely placed in a big box and got it gift-wrapped, and they stood outside the shop. "It certainly made for an interesting evening," replied Draco. "If you would like to attend the Weasley Christmas party—" "Potter," Draco warned. "Just as friends," Potter said, raising his hands in surrender. "As you know, it's on Friday. Blaise will be there, and I think he might be dragging Nott along, too. So if you'd like. I mean, I can even ask Blaise to extend the invitation so you don't have to think that it's just me being stubborn, or aggressive or anything." "Thank you for your invitation," Draco said as politely as he could, "but I'd rather—" And then Potter kissed him. Right then and there, in front of the consignment shop, in the middle of a busy street in Mayflower Alley. Potter kissed him. And Draco kissed him back. As he had two years ago, Draco pulled Potter close to him, wrapping his arms around Potter's waist, and pressing their hips together. He rocked slightly against Potter's body, and Potter parted his lips so Draco could slide his tongue in. And of course, Draco did. Because Draco was stupid, and stubborn, and inflexible, unless it came to kissing Potter. Which he apparently willingly did. Potter sucked on Draco's lips with abandon. He moaned around Draco's tongue, and Draco couldn't help but think how he tasted of hot chocolate and pecan pie—and he wished he'd really had more of that pie because it was bloody delicious. Potter was bloody delicious. They finally broke apart, more so to take in a few breaths, when Potter rested his forehead against Draco's. "Shit, I'd thought it was my imagination when I'd remember how good you were at kissing. How amazingly you kissed me. And we're not even drunk this time." "Potter..." "Don't, Draco. Don't lie to me anymore. Stop lying to yourself. Don't say you're not interested in me, because I know you are. I saw the way you were looking at me in the shop. I tried on a coat and your eyes were glued on me. I know that look." "What look?" "It's how Blaise looks at Ginny. It's how—I know—I look at you. I just want what we can have..." "What's that?" "Just a chance. Don't you think we deserve a chance? I liked you from before. We kissed, and I tried to ask you on a date so many fucking times and you ignored me. For years. Only to kiss me like this in the middle of a public place—" "You pulled me in for a kiss," Draco protested, wanting to be kissing Potter again. "Yeah. And you didn't pull away, or hex me, or Disapparate..." "Fair point," Draco said. He sighed heavily, before continuing. "We have nothing in common." "That's not true," Potter argued. "We're the same age. We both went to Hogwarts. We both care about our jobs. We both care about our friends, we want to see them happy, and we'll do anything for our families. Granted, my family is more the Weasleys than blood-related, but it's the same. We both enjoy kissing each other. That's lots of things in common." Draco eyed him for a full minute before he spoke. "Did you really have Blaise as a recipient for Secret Santa, or did you make that up to come to my shop?" Potter laughed softly before he placed a quick kiss on Draco's lips. "I switched with Fred," he said shrugging. "So this is what you want? This is what you're asking me? To date you?" "Yes," Potter said, nodding. "Let's start tonight. Let's go out and have dinner. Then I'll take you out to dinner again tomorrow. And you'll be my date for the party on Friday—" Draco scowled and before he could say anything, Potter continued talking. "And I understand this might be rushing, but we can take it slow after the New Year. I will be back working full time then, and I won't be harassing you every day or anything. I just know that I have a few days off right now. I just want to do what makes me happy." "And you think I can make you happy?" Draco asked sceptically. "Draco, I know you can." Potter smiled and pulled Draco close to him. A moment later, he'd Side-Alonged him to his flat. "Don't worry, we're only here to drop off my purchases." He kissed Draco again before leading him to his sitting room, leaving him there. "I'll be right back." Draco waited until Potter returned. "So where should we go?" Draco didn't know what to say. "Where do you want to go?" Potter made a contemplative face. "Are you hungry?" Draco shook his head. Potter chuckled nervously. "So what do you want to do? I mean, I did kidnap you sort of for this date, and now I'm all out of ideas." Draco smiled and pulled out his wand from his pocket. He murmured a spell, and a small cluster of mistletoe wrapped in a ribbon appeared on top of them. Potter looked up and smiled. "We could make up for lost time," Draco said, smiling wickedly, and pulled Potter in for another kiss. They crashed on the sofa in Potter's sitting room and stayed there all night. THE END. THANKS!