houses? Get that inter-house unity spirit going." Blaise scowled at him and quickly said before Pansy could answer, "You really need to learn to wait until other people are done talking before you jump in like that." Draco barely gave Blaise a passing glance before he smirked at Pansy's hesitant expression. Pansy's brown eyes fell on Draco and, noticing his mocking smirk, she thrust her chin up into the air with dignity. "Don't think I won't Malfoy , I've had far more experience than you at things like this." Draco snorted and jerked his chin towards the large crowd of their classmates. "Okay then, go mingle." It was spoken like a challenge and Pansy's eyes narrowed into slits. She turned on her heels, eyeing the room at large as though surveying who she should talk to first. After a moment of stalling, Pansy glanced over her shoulder back at Draco and Blaise. "Aren't you two going to mingle as well?" Draco looked at Blaise, who looked back at him, before they both turned back to Pansy. "No, I think we'll stay here. You do, of course, have more experience than we do." Pansy glowered at them before looking over the room again. Suddenly, a slow smirk began to come over her features. "We should fix that then," she said before disappearing into the crowd of people. Draco and Blaise shared a look of alarm. "What did she mean by that?" Blaise said, sounding a little uncomfortable. Knowing Pansy, it couldn't have been anything good. They only had to wait a few moments before they saw Pansy's head bob into view as she stood up on the table by the fireplace. She cleared her throat and then placed her wand at the base of her neck, instantly magnifying her voice over the low rumble of chatter in the room. "Alright everyone! We're going to play a game, since everyone is doing oh-so-well at mingling with other houses," people could have slipped on her sarcasm. "Everyone, form a circle around the fireplace!" With a wave of her wand, the leather couches and armchairs slid to the sides of the room and out of the way, allowing for a large space in the middle of the common room. It was almost as if Pansy had them under some type of spell, because to Draco's surprise, everyone followed her orders without so much as a grumble of annoyance. Perhaps it was simply because people were feeling awkward and were glad to have someone in charge to tell them what to do. Blaise began to move with the crowd and from across the way Draco could see the golden trio seating themselves down on the ground as well. Draco broke away from the crowd and pushed his way towards Pansy. He grabbed her sleeve and gave it a tug, forcing her to look down at him. "What do you think you're doing?" he hissed between clenched teeth. Pansy merely smirked down at him. "Mingling, like you told me to." Draco glowered. "But did you have to involve all of us in it?" "Go find a seat." Pansy ordered, pulling her sleeve out of his grasp and straightening again. Sighing in annoyance, Draco turned to survey the room. People had already sat themselves down, knees touching because there was hardly enough room, in a large circle all facing towards where Pansy stood. Pansy waved him away when he didn't move and Draco found himself, reluctantly, seated between Blaise and Loony Lovegood. Pansy reached over to where a Hufflepuff boy sat and took the hat from his head, waving her wand over the opening as though she were going to pull a rabbit out of it. "We've all been to a party before, and I'm sure everyone has played this game, so I want everyone to pick something that will define them and place it into the hat." Whispers broke out amongst the crowd at the prospect of playing Seven Minutes in Heaven and Pansy smiled proudly at her idea. Everybody moved at once, reaching into their pockets and digging around for something that they could easily define as their own. Draco glanced at Blaise, who had already found an object and was clamping it tightly in his fingers, hidden from sight. With an eyeroll, Draco took off the ring that sat on his finger and rolled it around in his hand while Pansy went around collecting objects from the other students. "When we have everyone's objects in the hat, I'll take out two of them, and whoever's objects I pull from the hat will go into the broom cupboard for seven minutes." Pansy stopped in front of Draco, rattling the hat of objects in front of him with a devious smile. "And don't pretend like the object isn't yours. I'm pretty sure I have a good idea of who put in what." Draco stared up at her before he finally flicked his ring into the hat. Pansy moved onto Luna, who placed a pair of paper glasses into the hat. Hermione put a book, Harry put a snitch, Ginny put a hairpin with a goblin on it, and Ron put a chocolate wrapper. When Pansy finally made it back around to stand in the middle, she shuffled the hat, mixing up the objects inside. "You have to partake too, Miss. Parkinson," Draco spoke up, raising an eyebrow at her. Pansy stopped in her shuffling and gave him a look before she shrugged her shoulders. "Fine," she said, reaching into her back pocket and pulling out a tube of lipstick. She tossed it into the hat. Pansy gave it a final shake and the excited whispers that had erupted around the circle silenced themselves with anticipation. Her manicured fingers moved around the opening of the hat before she plunged her hand inside, groping around for an object. The anticipation buzzed in the air around them as they all waited to see which items she would take out.