up two T-shirts. One of them was a plain white T-shirt with a crew neck on it while the other was a tie-dyed T-shirt that. Both females inspected the colours a bit closer. The tie dye seemed to consist of different shades of blue that ranged between baby blue to pale navy blue. It was in a 70's style that their friend seemed to prefer. "It's certainly your style" replied the 19-year old in a polite voice. "Why don't you try them on so we can see?" suggested the auburn-haired woman. "Sure" replied the female before she skipped towards the changing room. She soon emerged with the white T-shirt. It fitted her quite nicely. "Looks very good on you. Is this for school?" inquired the brunette. "Mhm. I think wearing just a shirt during the fall is a bit chilly. I doubt it's Wrackspurts since they left Hogwarts during the summer" informed the blonde. She then pulled the curtain and her two friends looked at each other with a knowing smile. They were not making fun of her – she was just someone with a lot of character. The duo then turned their heads when the young woman emerged with her tie-dye T-shirt. "Whoa. That looks…amazing Luna" stated the curly-haired female. The T-shirt was just the right size for the Ravenclaw for starters. Second, the soft shades of blue complimented her blonde hair as well as her pale skin quite well. "I like it too. You should buy it" told the other Gryffindor. "Thanks. I'll buy it. I can't believe it was in the sales bin" informed the female with a smile at her face. "That's quite a bargain I'd say" replied the older woman after zipping up her beige jacket. "I agree" told the 18-year old before she pulled the curtain in front of her. She emerged a minute later and went straight to the counter to pay for her shirts. "Are we going to the Three Broomsticks now? I don't have anything more errands to run" informed the brunette after they exited the shop. The weather was a bit warmer now compared to earlier. The sun had risen higher on the sky while the wind had calmed down to a light breeze. "I suppose we are. I don't have any errands either" told the redhead. She glanced at the clock; it was a quarter to noon. The trio then went to the Three Broomsticks with a firm grip on their shopping bags. A small 'ding' could be heard as they entered the bar. All three of them let out a sigh of relief when the warmth wrapped around their bodies. A familiar smell of Butterbeer combined with spice and pumpkin tingled their noses just a second later. The owners had decorated their establishment for Halloween as well. A pair of carved pumpkins were placed at each end of the bar while a fake skeleton next to the door gave customers a polite bow. Each table was decorated with a small candle that either looked like a carved pumpkin, a skull or a troll head. The oldest woman smiled when she looked at the troll head. She could still remember the first Halloween party at Hogwarts where she had ran into the troll at the girl's bathroom. That happened to be the night where the two boys became two of her best wizard friends. "Hey, what are you going to order Hermione?" asked the youngest witch in their party. Her voice snapped her back to the real world as she noticed her friends had sat down close to a magical painting of some scholars. "I-I think I'll look at the Halloween specials. I haven't tasted those in two years" informed the 19-year old with a smile. She sat down and picked up the menu. They had Halloween Butterbeer, pumpkin tea spiced with numerous magical Herbs as well as a coffee that had been blended with roasted pumpkin shells, cocoa powder and cinnamon. She then saw Madam Rosmerta approach their table with a relieved look at her face. "Hello girls! I'm so happy to see you three are back at school after that horrific year. We're actually serving first drink for free today to celebrate the holidays. What do you want?" inquired the woman. "Hello Rosmerta. I think I'll try the Halloween tea" told the female after some thought. "I'll go for the cocoa-herb coffee. It looks exciting" informed Luna. "I guess I'll take the Halloween tea as well" said the Weasley with a smile at her face. "Two teas and a coffee. I'll be back soon" replied the female. There were not many students inside the Three Broomsticks since they were apparently doing their shopping now. It had been a smart move to come early. "What are you doing when we come back?" inquired Luna with a curious look at her face. "Same as my previous years. School work in the morning, doing some exercise, taking a nice bath in the prefect's bathroom before eating at the feast. I'll probably write a Halloween card for Ron as well. What about you?" replied Hermione. "I'll do some school work too. But I'm probably going to take some pictures with the magical camera my father gave me. Halloween is the night where the ghosts come out after all. I will join Ravenclaw at the feast though. What are you doing Ginny?" asked the woman. Their friend suddenly turned pink. "Uhm…I'm waiting for a letter Harry said he would send me. He got tonight off" told Ginny when Madam Rosmerta returned with their drinks. "Here you are! Two teas and a coffee" told the woman as she handed them their order. "Thank you" replied the trio. "So….maybe we should toast for the school year ahead of us?" suggested the youngest female. "I agree" told her older friend after adjusting her cardigan. "Me too. Cheers!" told the oldest woman after lifting her tea. "Cheers!" replied her friends before they clinked their cups together.