educated you on the uses of this ingredient, that you release me from responsibility should anything unsavory occur while using your purchase, and that our dealings here are 100% confidential." "Of course. Name your price." "1,000 galleons if you want it today." Harry didn't even flinch as he placed the money pouch on Draco's desk. "Contract?" he asked. "I require signature with a blood quill. That way we are both magically bound to honor it. A fail safe for us both if you will." "Acceptable," Harry noted. Draco brought out a contract and an ornate wooden box housing a simple blood quill. Signing his part of the contract Draco never even flinched as the quill cut into the back of his hand. Harry signed his part of the contract Harrison Evans and watched as the parchment briefly glowed. It was to his great horror that he watched his signature change from what he had provided to Harry Potter and felt his glamour fade. "Potter!" Draco exclaimed in shock, throwing up several silencing and protection charms. "Malfoy," Harry returned, trying to stay calm. "What are you? Wait…why are? You do realize there is a bounty on your head, right?" "Yes. 3 million galleons dead or alive. Preferably alive, but the reward stands regardless," said Harry in defeated resignation. "Why should I sell you anything? I could redeem my family's honor by turning you in! I'm sure you are aware that my office is warded so only my magic will work?" Draco sneered. "Dead or alive, Draco. I'll give you 2,000 galleons right now and end it all here. You alert the Ministry. Tell them I held you at gunpoint. It's a muggle weapon. Forced you to provide me with a means to my end. Either way, you win. Draco Malfoy finally bests Harry Potter, and you are an outstanding citizen in the eyes of the Ministry." "Why should I help you? I've worked hard to get where I am. The Ministry has me on a five year probation. I'm already two years in. In another three, I can have everything back. Or I could turn you in today, and have it all back tomorrow." "I won't go alive, Draco. There will be no trial. No Kiss. You know those charges are ludicrous. I'll be tortured. The Ministry's plaything. Just let me die. Collect your reward. I have nothing left to live for." Draco was floored. Harry Potter was as Gryffindor as they came. All bravery and charging head first for what he believed in. This man before him was a broken shell, seeking death with open arms. "You have everything left to live for," countered Draco. Harry barked out a bitter laugh. "My whole life has been a lie. I was a tool and now my job is done. My mother was murdered. My Godparents are dead. My father is in Azkaban. My Godson forced into hiding. My friends all killed. My fiancé drove mad. And money talks. Loudly. So what exactly am I supposed to have left, Malfoy?" "I won't help you do this, Harry. I do, contrary to popular belief, have morals. Assisting in the suicide of a half decent human being is beneath me." "I will pay you. Whatever you want. Besides, the contract is signed. We have a magically binding business agreement." "I don't need your money, Potter. I don't want it. I have enough demons to deal with without adding your tormented soul. If you want to off yourself, you'll have to find some other way." "There is no other way," Harry whispered. His eyes were haunted. "Of course there is!" "No. I'm defective. My magic won't let me die. I've tried. I've tried everything ." " Everything ?" asked Draco in morbid fascination. " Everything ," Harry simply stated. "Like what?" "Gunshot to the head. Walking into oncoming traffic. Driving off of a cliff. Setting my house on fire while in it. Overdosing on whatever I could get my hands on. Slitting my wrists. The Killing Curse. Snake venom." Draco didn't know whether to be sick or impressed. "And you think that this is going to work?" he asked. Harry just shrugged. "It's worth a shot." Draco shook his head. "What happened Harry?" "What do you mean?" "This isn't you! What happened to the Harry Potter I went to school with?" "He died." "You don't have to do this. There are other ways. Leave the country. Go into hiding. Seek help from your friends," said Draco. "I can't leave. They have an extradition order in place. Besides, I'm tired of running. I'm sick of hiding. And I won't endanger my friends. They have lives." "I…damnit! I can't believe I'm saying this," frowned Draco. "I could hide you. I have a secret cottage in France. A safe house if you will. It was left to my mother by her Aunt Cassiopeia so the Ministry couldn't seize it when they took the Malfoy Estate. It is under Fidelus and my secret keeper is bound by the confidentiality clauses of his profession. He can neither disclose its whereabouts, or occupants." "Why are you doing this, Draco?" "My mother owed you a life debt, Potter. When she passed on, it transferred to me. Consider this an extension of our business agreement, and repayment of that debt." "How will this work?" "The Cottage can only be accessed from the Floo here in this office. I will send you through now. Kipsy is my house elf. She will be expecting you. I shall join you at the end of business day to finalize the details. I expect my solicitor will join us. Owl post doesn't work so if there's something you need, drop your request in the Floo and speak my name." "Draco, I—" "Don't. I don't like you Potter, but I don't hate you enough to see you dead." And with that Draco threw a handful of Floo powder into the fire, spoke something in French, and shoved Harry through.