her feel better knowing that she wasn't the only one taken off guard by his sudden appearance. "Draco Malfoy? Here, at this university?" Padma said in disbelief as they entered the Mess Hall. The Mess Hall was not as grand as Hogwarts' Great Hall had been. For one, it was much smaller, with no enchanted ceiling or tables dedicated to each individual house, or long table at the front of the room where the professors had sat. Instead of the four house tables, the room had twelve to fifteen round tables placed periodically around the room, each seating up to twenty-five people. Hermione followed Padma and Eleanor to an empty table and sat down. By each plate sat a silver menu with the universities' crest of a needle and a mallet intercrossing, and Hermione was instantly reminded of the dinner before the Yule Ball, where someone only had to pick up the menu and tell the plate what they wanted and the food would appear magically. Or, as Hermione remembered, quite bitterly, was put there by magic House Elves who worked in secret for no pay and with no days off. "Who is this Malfoy guy and why is it such a shock that he's here?" Eleanor asked, after telling her plate that she wanted steak with mashed potatoes and gravy. Padma and Hermione shared a look before they dove into detail about how cruel Malfoy had been to them at Hogwarts, and how he had been from Slytherin house, the worst house that produced the most amount of dark wizards, and how his family had been involved in the wizarding war and how Malfoy himself had been involved in the second wizarding war. It took the better part of dinner to explain why Malfoy being there was the worst thing to ever happen, and by the time they had finished their tales, dessert was being served. "Wow," Eleanor said, taking a bite of her chocolate pudding. "He sounds like quite the character." Hermione thought that this reaction was a little under enthusiastic considering everything that Padma and Hermione had told her, but she tried to brush this thought away while she asked her plate for a slice of pumpkin pie. "So, which one is he?" Eleanor asked, craning her neck to see around at the other tables, which had quickly filled up over the course of dinner. Two girls and a guy had sat down on the opposite side of their own table, but they seemed to be too immersed in a textbook about magical maladies to really pay them any attention. "Is he cute at least?" Hermione nearly choked on her pumpkin pie at Eleanor's question and her face instantly heated with unexplained frustration. "Malfoy? Cute ? Certainly not." Padma scrapped at her plate and didn't say anything, avoiding Hermione's eyes, who looked at her for backup. Eleanor glanced at Padma and elbowed her gently. "What do you think Padma?" Eleanor asked with a mischievous smirk. Padma's cheeks brightened in color and she tried to shrug nonchalantly. Hermione's mouth fell open a little as Padma whispered, "Well, I mean, he isn't all that bad looking." Padma noticed Hermione's expression and rolled her eyes. "Oh come on Hermione. Yes, he's a twat and he's really annoying, but you can't pretend like he isn't a little cute." Hermione felt betrayed, though she wasn't sure why. Padma had every right to think what she wanted of Malfoy, even if Hermione didn't agree with her. She hadn't been in Gryffindor and, from what Hermione knew, Malfoy had never targeted or bullied her at all throughout Hogwarts, though she had no way of knowing for sure. Still, Hermione bristled at the very idea of it all, straightening in her seat and taking another dignified bite of her pie. "Well, I don't think he's very cute at all," on the word cute Hermione spit a small piece of pumpkin pie in her anger and Eleanor laughed. "So, which one is he?" Eleanor asked again, clearly very interested to judge for herself Malfoy's level of cuteness. Padma craned her neck to look around and, after a moment of refusing to, Hermione gave in and also looked around the room, trying to spot his unmistakable blond hair. But nowhere in the hall could she see him and a frown came to her lips. "I don't think he's here," Hermione said quietly, unable to stop herself from feeling suspicious. What could he be up to that he wasn't down at dinner? Perhaps he had walked into the wrong room and saw some girl naked and she filed a complaint and he was expelled and kicked off of campus. It was a long shot, but the idea made Hermione feel a bit happier. "Well, whenever we do come across him, you'll have to point him out to me," Eleanor said, looking a little disappointed. They ate the rest of their dessert and discussed their classes on Monday, a topic which Hermione was more than happy to move onto, and finally when the plates were cleared of all crumbs, they stood and decided to head back to their room for some sleep. They had all arrived that day and were tired from traveling. Eleanor, Hermione found out, had come all the way from Slovakia. When Hermione laid her head down on the pillow in her new room, she had assumed that she would fall asleep instantly. Instead, her body seemed to suddenly buzz with excitement and anticipation for the coming term. She had come to the conclusion that she would not let Malfoy's appearance at the university ruin her new adventure. Besides , she thought to herself as she rolled onto her side, he's in medical and I'm in law. Our classes and dorms are on separate sides of the building. We'd only see each other sometimes in the Mess Hall . With this new thought putting her mind at ease, Hermione drifted off into an easy, dreamless sleep.