of him that wasn't red. His chest was marred by tiny bumps that could have been caused by his fever or something else entirely. She couldn't be for certain until she performed some tests. She rounded his bedside and looked down at him. "The patient is exhibiting small bumps on his chest. My initial guess is that his high body temperature is what is causing them. Many wizards with extreme fevers get these, so it's not anything to be concerned about in the grand scheme of things. Our primary concern with the patient, Draco Malfoy, is keeping his body temperature down as the rest will surely follow." "And how do you suggest we do that?" Healer Nalker asked. "Well, his fever is only a symptom of his ailment. We would have to find the source of the infection in order to bring down his fever, but there are some things that we could do to make the patient more comfortable. There is some salve that I could get from the supply cabinet- it would need to be applied twice a day at approximately the same times. It would keep these bumps from getting any worse than they already are, as well as provide some cooling to his body. It may also help with this bruising over his heart." She squinted at the mark. "Do we know what's causing his fever yet?" "We are unraveling that mystery right now, Trainee Granger." Healer Nalker clapped her hands together. "How about you go and get the salve from the supply closet and apply it to the patient while I take the parents to my office to speak with them privately...unless you find that disagreeable?" She added the last part when she saw the look on Hermione's face. "No, that's completely fine." Hermione paired her lie with a smile she hoped looked pleasant. "I'll go grab the salve." "Make you sure you wear gloves, Trainee Granger." She nodded at the three of them before leaving the room. She hardly had a chance to close the door behind her before her body collided with Parvati's. "Parvati, what the-" She yelled as she pulled herself up from the floor. "Were you eavesdropping ?" She whispered fiercely. Parvati slapped over her heart. "Me? Eavesdropping?" She almost looked offended. " Obviously ! You were in there with the Malfoys how could I not?" She followed Hermione as she walked down the hall and to the supply closet, holding opening the door as Hermione rummaged through the bins. "What's that for?" "Malfoy has boils on his chest. They're probably a symptom of his fever." She shrugged as they walked back down the hall together. "This should get him to start healing faster. I'm just glad it's not the dragon pox." "So they told you about him?" Parvati asked as she followed Hermione back down to room nineteen. Parvati stayed by the door as Hermione walked in. Hermione slipped on a pair of latex gloves and squeezed some of the salve on her hand. "I read some of his chart." "Can you believe it then? I haven't heard of any-" Parvati stopped as Hermione lowered her hand to his chest. "Hermione, stop!" She quickly rushed into the room. "He's burning...up?" The last word hung in amazement as she watched Hermione push the salve across his chest. "Well, yes, he has a fever." Parvati walked over and pulled back Hermione's hand before ripping the latex glove off and inspecting her fingers. "This isn't possible." Parvati murmured, running her fingertips across Hermione's. "You don't have any burns." Hermione laughed. "Why would I have burns, Parvati? He only has a fever!" "Because every other healer on this floor has had to use dragonhide gloves any time they've touched him." Parvati stared at her wide-eyed, "You should be screaming right now, but you're not." She eyed the curly-haired witch suspiciously before grabbing her wrist and slamming her hand down on Draco's chest. "Parvati this is disgusting!" Hermione cried out as her ungloved hand came in contact with the thick salve on his chest. She peeled her hand away and ran it down the length of her yellow robes. "You've officially gone mad." "I'm not the one who can touch burning flesh!" "He's not burning anything! See?" She showed Parvati her hand. "Obviously everyone is overreacting or doesn't want to touch his boils. I didn't either, but you clearly gave me no choice!" "Hermione." "What?" She asked impatiently. She slowly turned around when Parvati pointed behind her. Hermione wasn't sure what she had expected to see when she turned around, but it definitely wasn't him. He was sitting up in bed staring at the two of them, his eyes half-lidded and his breathing labored. "Malfoy, are you okay?" Hermione asked cautiously. "Do you want me to get your parents or a healer?" He tilted his head at her before he reached out and grabbed her wrist, pulling her closer to his bedside. He was much stronger than he should have been and she grimaced in pain as he tightening his hold on her wrist. "Malfoy let her go!" Parvati grabbed his wrist and immediately pulled back with a scream. He looked at Parvati before falling back onto the plush pillows behind him, looking as angelic and unassuming as he had before. "What the bloody hell was that?" Hermione spun around to face Parvati. "You're going to have to heal my hand, Hermione." Parvati told her in a strained voice. She turned her palm around and showed Hermione the burn. Hermione furrowed her eyebrows. "But-" "Which one of you touched him?" Lucius Malfoy asked from the door. "We have much to discuss." :: Authors note : In what has Diem been up to news: I posted two new stories. One is called 'The Runaway Bride' and the other 'Off the Record' and you can find them both either here or over at AO3 if you would like to read them :). Thanks for reading as always!