embrace to launch herself at Malfoy. "Oh, Draco. I'm so sorry... " "Shh... it's okay, Daph. It's going to be okay. " "I don't know what I was thinking. I can't marry a man. I mean, you're wonderful and kind to me, but I can't... I can't do it. " "You shouldn't have to live a lie, Daph," Malfoy says softly, and Harry's heart is warmed by Malfoy repeating his words. They ring even truer coming from him. "You have me, your sister, and everyone here. We will be your family, if we have to be... " "But my mother—" "She isn't the one living your life," Hermione adds, coming around from behind Harry. "You have to make your own path, and I know it's tough, but look around this room, Daphne. Everyone here has been through something. Some more worse than others. Maybe it's not the same thing as you, but still, it was a hardship, and we're all here. Together. We'll be here. For you. " A moment later, Luna's hands are on Daphne's back again. Daphne turns to look at her, her face red, her eyes not quite meeting Luna's. "I've been the worst to you," she says. Luna gives her perfectly charming Luna smile and shakes her head. "It's quite all right. I always knew you'd find your way back to me. And we'd be together the way we were meant to. " "I don't know what I'll tell my mother. She's expecting a June wedding!" Daphne says, almost in disbelief. Luna looks down at her hand and takes off one of the rings from her index finger. "This belonged to my mother," she says, looking down at the ring. "If it's a June wedding your mother wants, then a June wedding your mother will get." Everyone in the room gasps as Luna drops down to one knee and offers her mother's ring to Daphne. "So, what do you think? Want to marry me, instead?" Malfoy takes a step back away from Daphne and Luna, as everyone in the room is whispering or giggling. His back presses against Harry's chest and Harry places his hand on Malfoy's waist, holding him tightly. When Daphne nods, everyone in the room cheers. "Astoria is going to be so upset she missed this. " "I think I just found the perfect addendum to the announcement in the Daily Prophet ," Harry says, leaning down to whisper in Malfoy's ear. Malfoy's body shivers against Harry's, and Harry pulls him closer. "Along with Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy: a new romance on the horizon. " "A bit presumptuous, don't you think?" Malfoy asks, pushing his arse against Harry's groin. "Draco..." Harry releases a low moan in Draco's ear and decides to take matter into his own hands. His plans seem to be working out well. "Come with me," he says, linking his fingers through Draco's and pulling him out of the room. When they're in the kitchen, alone, and away from everyone else, Harry kisses him again. "Are you going to tell me you don't feel something ?" He places a hand on Draco's heart and finds it beating. Fast. "Between us?" Draco doesn't answer. "I'm still in the closet. You forget, I'm not sure if I want to be out. " "Okay," Harry says, thinking he can work with this. "All I'm asking for is one night together. Just you and me. All alone. And if you can honestly say you don't feel anything for me after that night, I will finally let you go. " "Finally?" Draco asks, an eyebrow raised. "I don't live in the closet, Draco. No one should live like that. You just said that to Daphne. How can you be okay with living like that yourself?" "You give me far more credit than I deserve, Potter. " Harry chuckles lightly and grabs Draco's hand again to kiss his wrist. "Not true. All I'm asking is for you to give this a chance. Give me your trust that it'll be all right. " "How can you be so certain?" Gods, Harry already knew Draco was going to be a handful, but he'd not expected this much scepticism from the start. "Because that kiss... the kiss we shared two weeks ago..." Harry plants a quick kiss on Draco's lips. "That woke something inside me. It was the best kiss of my life and it'd barely last five minutes. I know I want to be with you. I've fancied you for so long-all my friends knew it and I didn't. And it made me hyper-aware of my feelings. And I know you want me back. So why are we, arguing, when we could be kissing?" " God, Malfoy, just say yes !" Ron's voice echoes through the empty kitchen and both Harry and Draco jerk apart. Honestly, his friends need to stop interrupting his time alone with Draco. "Harry has me convinced and I don't even want to date him! I'm straight!" "Ron!" both Harry and Hermione yell at the same time. "Oh, whatever. It's my birthday party! I can say and do whatever I want!" As Draco looks at Ron, Harry decides to come around him and wrap him in his arms. His chest rubs against Draco's back as he pulls him close again. Draco is willingly resting in Harry's arms. It's everything . "Come along, dear," Hermione says softly to Ron and pulls him away. "Let's give these two some privacy." "So, what do you say, Draco?" Harry asks, his face buried in Draco's neck. "About what?" "Go on a date with me?" Harry turns Draco around to face him, but his hands don't leave Draco; they're rolling all over his body, and he's pleasantly surprised at how Draco lets him touch him. . "Somewhere away from here so I can show you how I feel." "Hmm. Sounds good," Draco says with a smile that seems to light up the room. "Can we start now?" THE END