acknowledge our relationship in public. I am the first to admit I should have come to you with my concerns. Instead, I gave you the impression I did not care when I wanted nothing more than have you stand up to claim me. I am a wizard, but I am also a man. I want to be wanted in public as well as in private. Because I acted the arse, you began acting the arse. The dates you accepted made me want to curse both you and the wizard. The final straw was Michael Corner who is a male whore. His over inflated Auror ego has led him to believe he should bed every witch in London. I am livid you would let yourself become one of a number." After a brief period of silence, Severus softly remarked. "There you have it." Hermione held out her hand gesturing for Severus to sit next to her. "I wish you had come to me with your concerns Severus. We could have easily worked it out. You were under the impression I didn't want to claim you. I was under the impression you thought me too young to be a serious interest. I was good enough to shag, but no where near impressive enough to be on your arm. We can fix this you know," said Hermione as she threw one leg across Severus's hips. Even though Hermione had on knickers and he light pajamas, Hermione's position was causing all kind of havoc with Severus' self control. He groaned loudly as Hermione ground her magical box against his fully erect dick. The heat and moisture radiating from Hermione's pussy combined with her sensual movements quickly had Severus' dick leaking pre-cum. Wrapping both of his arms around Hermione's arse and pushing her down against his hard bone, Severus hoarsely asked how she hoped to fix their situation. Grinding her overly wet pussy against Severus' lap, Hermione whispered in his ear. "For someone so intelligent, you really have no idea what's what. The solution is simple. I am asking you to be my wizard in private and in public. What is your answer Severus Snape?" "I am yours exclusively. I have been yours from the first time we shared a bed." With a loud groan, Severus made a slight adjustment freeing his massive dick of its constraints. He moved again and his dick tried to push itself through Hermione's knickers. Each moved frantically against the other. Hermione spread her knees wide on either side of Severus' hips and moved as though he was inside her. Severus came without even entering Hermione. "My apologies for not being able to hold on. It's been so long Hermione. I'll make it up to you." "Of course you will Severus," she whispered with her lips against his neck. "You're my wizard. Making it up to me is your job. Please take me to bed. I've climaxed once through sexual friction. I want you inside me. I need you to make me come through penetration." Pushing Hermione up off his lap, Severus carried her to the bedroom placing her gently on the bed. Several seconds later he had Hermione out of her night dress and very wet knickers. "We will observe the niceties later," groaned Severus. "Right now I want to give us what we need. Tomorrow we will come out as a proper couple. Those in the Wizarding World who matter will be made aware that I am the only wizard Hermione Granger will be dating." Hermione cried out. "My wizard," as Severus pushed in as deeply as he could. "That I am," Severus responded with a thrust and a grunt. "That I am." /*/ Lying naked in each other's arms, Severus and Hermione talked. They didn't shout. They didn't argue. They talked. Severus ended the conversation by lifting Hermione from the bed and lowering her onto his fully erect dick. Gazing directly into Hermione's eyes, Severus rubbed his thumbs across her nipples as he pushed himself up into his witch. Throwing her head back Hermione savored her wizard's touch as she moved up and down his rigid pole. They made love frantically with Severus shouting as loud as he ever had when Hermione swiveled around so her arse was in his face. Bending over she had taken his swollen balls in her mouth which sent him crashing into climax. Severus was still shooting a stream of cum as he flipped Hermione and pushed his entire face between her legs making her cum once again. As Severus fell back onto the bed, he uttered a very prophetic sentence. "If Corner ever comes near you again, I will curse his arse so badly even Harry Potter won't recognize him. Have I made myself clear on this matter?" Hermione pulled herself up so she was lying in the crook of Severus' arm. Dropping several light kisses across his chest before pulling his face around so they were looking at each other, Hermione answered his question. "You have made yourself perfectly clear Severus. We have made our peace. We are together. The way you feel about Michael is the same way I feel about your blonde admirer. It will probably be best if you assign either Ethan or Noah to wait on her from now on? As you are aware. I too know how to use a wand." A smiling Severus took Hermione's face between his hands kissing her passionately on the lips. As they broke apart, Severus whispered against Hermione's mouth. "Consider it done love." Hermione settled herself against Severus and closed her eyes. A small giggle escaped her lips as she began to drift off. "What is it you find funny?" asked an equally drowsy Severus. "I was thinking of Neville. Won't he be surprised?" Severus rose up on one elbow to reply sleepily. "Surprised? I think not. I believe Mr. Longbottom knows much more than he lets on. We must get some sleep. Tomorrow is only fifteen minutes away."