might even find myself a man…a younger one...oh, stop pretending to gag Frank Longbottom. I practiced quite a lot before you graced us with your presence. I have needs and sexual desires ." Neville groaned and made a disgusted face at his father as Hannah appeared behind Augusta, giggling loudly. "Hmm…what was that Frank? Am I already regretting my decision?" Hannah grinned and pretended to ponder the question. "Well," she gave Neville and Augusta a sideways glance, the two grinning from ear to ear, "I suppose becoming a Longbottom won't be that bad but…if I have any qualms between now and then…well, freedom is just an apparation away." Augusta chuckled and nodded her head approvingly at Hannah's joke while Neville glowered and huffed, crossing his arms against his chest. "Are you sure about this?" he asked seriously. "It can't be the wedding of your dreams. I mean," he paused, rubbing his mother's frail hand with his large one, "what about your father? And your friends? Ernie will probably try to hex me once he finds out." He mumbled something that sounded like 'bloody git' to himself, making Hannah arch her eyebrow and grin. She snaked her hand towards his, placing hers on Alice's cool hand too. "I don't even have a ring for you…" "I don't need a ring Neville," she whispered. "My dream wedding is having you by my side and your family, if you'll have me." She raised her blue eyes to stare sadly at Frank and Alice who were both silent, their thoughts far, far away. "My father will understand." Neville nodded and turned towards his grandmother. "Gran," he paused, watching as the old woman wiped a tear from her eye, "are you alright with this?" She hiccupped loudly, the bed shaking underneath them and then scoffed, placing her hands on her hat, feeling the soft fabric underneath her fingers. Slowly, she removed her hat from her head, the little stuffed blue bird swaying slightly. Her hair was completely grey and done up in a rather disheveled bun, much to Neville's amusement. "Oh Neville," she said, giving him a look. She tapped Hannah gently on the back so she would turn and face her. "Here, you're going to need something borrowed and something new. I've only worn this once and look," she pointed to the bird, "you even have something blue." Hannah gave her a smile and bent her head, allowing Augusta to place her large, hideous and sweaty hat on her head. It wasn't conventional. It wasn't the outfit that Hannah had dreamed about wearing on her wedding day or a gift she would have ever wanted to receive in her life. She didn't even like hats but it was the thought that counted and at that moment the hat couldn't have been more beautiful to Hannah or Neville. "We'll need to get a wizard to preside over the wedding…it'll take me an hour or two to find one. I'll be back in a jiff!" Neville shouted, giving Hannah a quick kiss on the cheek. She forcefully grabbed him by the tie, noses touching, making him squeak in pain, staring at her in horror. "I want to get married now Neville," she said tightly, gritting her teeth. She loosened her grip and turned to Augusta. "We don't really need a wizard, do we? Let's do the ceremony right now, this is it, this is the moment, everything else can be figured out later, just because it won't be signed in documents it'll still count . Won't it?" she asked weakly. Augusta nodded her head but Neville frowned. "I…but I've never been to a wedding before. I don't even know the words or the…what do we say?" "I don't know if magical weddings are different but my parents renewed their vows in a muggle ceremony when I was younger. Just repeat after me," she demanded softly. Neville nodded and watched Hannah intently as she closed her eyes, trying to recall the memory of her parents and their vows. Her hand gently caressed Alice's as she opened her eyes and stared at Neville, "I, Hannah Abbot, take you, Neville Longbottom…to be my wedded husband." Neville shifted his position on the bed, making it creak slightly and put his hand out to his father, squeezing his shoulder gently with excitement. The words were soft, beautiful to him. They made the room come alive with life. It was no longer drab and depressing, the bright and lemony scent of the room was thrown from his mind as he watched Hannah with Augusta crying softly next to her. "To have and to hold," he repeated after her, "from this day forward, for better, for worse," they had been through the worse together and now it would be the better. His mother was dying, the mother he never got to know and his father would most likely soon follow. There had always been a pain inside of him, but Hannah had managed to help lessen it. It was still there and would always be but he didn't feel as empty as he did when he was younger. … for richer, for poorer, in sickness or in health, to love and to cherish 'till death do us part… He leaned forward, his face breaking into a smile and dropped his hands from his father, so he could place both of them on her face and kiss her. Augusta waved her wand over their heads, red and gold stars falling around them, making the glowing couple glitter momentarily. "Congratulations," she said with a loud hiccup, "you're bonded for life." Author's Note: I LOVE HANNAH/NEVILLE. I have to stop writing fluff about them, don't I? One day I'll stop. One day it'll be out of my system. I just never want to hurt Neville, you know? Well…not seriously anyway because in Dating Hannah I really do put him through the ringer. Thanks so much for reading. I hope you enjoyed it, don't forget to review!