place. For as soon as he tried to cast a disarming hex of his own, one of Voldemort's errant spells collided head on with his. Only instead of cancelling out one or the other, they stayed connected. And locked Voldemort and Harry in a contest of wills. Trying to put more effort and power into it caused a bead of magic where the two beams of energy connected to shift one way, or the other depending on who tried harder to will it so. And in the midst of this stunning display of light, an ethereal phoenix song could be heard. It reminded the emerald eyed teen of when he first got his wand in Ollivander's shop. His had a brother wand that shared a core coming from the same phoenix. The wand, or so Ollivander claimed with no proof other than hearsay, that gave him his scar. He had no more time to curse his luck however, as a golden cage seemed to erupt around Voldemort and Harry, cutting them off from the outside world. Suddenly spirits, or shades began to appear, one by one, offering encouragement and their support. It started with an old man whom he had seen perish in a vision during the summer, by Voldemort's own hand. The next, oddly out of place was Cedric, telling him not to blame himself. His father showed up to tell him how proud of him he was. But the last one was the most incredible. His mother. She took one look at him, and a smile lit up her transparent features. Lily Potter looked so happy just by getting to gaze upon him. "I knew it would work. You have nothing to worry about now that Dumbledore's bindings on you have broken." She said. And Harry's world almost shattered at the revelation. Dumbledore had done something to him? Binding? Did Headmaster Dumbledore deliberately do something that hindered Harry? But why? His mother had an utter certainty about her that everything will be alright now. So why did Dumbledore do something to change that? Harry Potters faith in the man irrevocably shattered then and there. The spirits however, were continuing on to say that they will give him the support he needs to break this deadlock. His own mother telling him that the Tri Wizard cup that brought him and Cedric here was still active so he could use it to flee for now, while Cedric asked if he could take his body with him, to give his parents closure. He nods his head in assent of the plan and the shades of the departed swarm Voldemort to distract her and Harry pushes with all his might to force the connection to break on her end. While the shades were somewhat distracting only one really holds the dark lady's attention. Lily Potter, the beautiful red head and mother of the man Voldemort will soon claim, speaks to her after giving her a slow, measured once over. As though she was being judged and found wanting the spirit finally speaks, "You'll have to do better than this if you want my son." She smirks challengingly, while throwing her a knowing wink. The lapse in concentration costs her as the explosion from the broken connection sends her flying back and tumbling on the ground until an errant headstone halts her momentum. She looks up but it's already too late. Harry is kneeling next to the dead body of the person he came here with, and she sees the portkey flying through the air right to them. "NOOOO!" She screams in a terrible rage at the thought of her Harry escaping. He grabs the cup, and is whisked away. The source of her obsession gone… out of reach… 'Only for now' a dark part of her mind whispers in assurance. The death eaters slowly approached their master, awed by the power she displayed in her duel. Becoming a woman certainly hadn't hindered her abilities any, that much was assured. Especially with that light show at the end. "L-lord V-V-Voldemort?" One of the death eaters braved trying to calm the obviously seething woman down. Her magical presence almost choking the life out of the area immediately around her was a dead giveaway to her anger. But they were happy to have their master back and wanted to know what was next. Upon hearing one the her followers voices, her angry visage smoothed out and the area calmed down. "What?" She asks in a dead tone of voice. "How may we be of service master?" The bravest of the timid death eaters manages to ask, relieved that she seems less angry in the wake of the Potter brats escape. Their dark lady turns her head in their direction to look at them with a disturbing smile. Inner thoughts churning out idea after idea to get her emerald eyed possession back. The world was a dangerous place after all. She had to keep him safe. In the years to come her followers would learn it was better to talk to her when she didn't have that look on her face. A/N: Thank you so much for taking the time to read. I truly appreciate it and hope you enjoyed this first chapter of a new story. Hopefully you like the idea of a Fem!Voldemort story, there certainly aren't enough of them in my opinion. Especially considering the number of Fem!Harry stories out there. A small warning going forward however, is that the women in this story will be exhibiting a slight yandere tendency. For those of you who are unaware of what that is, it is a display of devotion that is… slightly out of control. There may be slight violence, but no instances of character death because of it. Or so I'm planning, it can still be subject to change. And to those of you who stuck through this lengthy author's note, thank you. And as always any reviews, favorites, and follows are appreciated.