Remus listened closely. He could hear something… what was it? Shouting? The doors blasted open with what seemed like emerald green flames from the leader, Harry. His presence rippled through the hall and almost all the students bowed their heads, though this time the Marauders didn't, except for Peter. To Sirius' glee, Severus Snape, Bellatrix Black, and Lucius Malfoy could be seen bowing. "that is wonderful insult material," whispered Sirius. James was wondering why Harry seemed so annoyed but as the rest of his friend followed not far behind it became obvious. They seemed to always walk in their formation, and the boy and girl directly behind Harry were arguing quite loudly. The rest seemed used to it, but still annoyed. The girl looked very close screaming and said, "Honestly, though, what were you thinking? It could have been so dangerous, Ronald, honestly…." The red-haired boy snorted. "That's a bit rich, coming from you, 'Mione, seeing as you're friends with us lot," indicating to the group. James wondered what was so significant about that. Harry ignored them and kept on walking to the front. They all walked rather like purebloods, heads high, backs straight, and always alert. Sirius squinted. It appeared that Harry was having a conversation with the dog. He really does look like James, thought Sirius, and the dog really looks like me. But since there was no other explanation, Sirius left it alone, though he could swear the dog winked as it passed. "It was against the rules ! As in no, never, don't do it, stay away!" the brown-haired girl was saying. 'Again, that is very rich and hypocritical coming from you, Hermione. Lord knows how many school rules we have broken so far." They had reached the front of the hall, and the group spread out around Harry, forming a 'V' with Harry at the tip and front. He looked at Dumbledore for conformation and at his nod, he turned back to the students. "We," he said. "are transfer students, who are apparently wanted to learn here." Harry's voice seemed to echo through the Hall, and Sirius felt an urge to listen to anything the man said. "My name is Harry Potter," James could feel the eyes looking at him, "and from my left, Luna Lovegood, Ron Weasley, Ginny Weasley, Hermione Granger, and Draco Malfoy. We will be in the seventh year, Gryffindor. Questions, comments, etc?" Harry looked around with a smirk on his face. "No? Okay then- "the black dog nudged Harry's leg. "Oh, yeah! I forgot. This is Sirius," he indicated to the dog, "and yes, it is a weird name, but he had it before me, and the stupid bastard refused to be called anything else, so that's that. Thank you." He walked of the dasis and held out both of his hands to help the females on each side down. They sat on the opposite side of the table. Dumbledore got up and announced the feast could start and they all began digging in. Ginny sat down in Harry's lap, who wasn't even fazed, just moved her hair so he could continue eating his potatoes. They were obviously comfortable together, Remus mused, as he attempted to start a conversation. "So, Harry, you lot from a school in England?" "Yeah, but it's small and you wouldn't know it. It's similar to Hogwarts education-wise." "Any relation to James?" asked Sirius. "Well, there are two possibilities." Harry swallowed his pumpkin juice. "One, it's a complete coincidence." Draco snorted in his plate. "Two, we are distant relatives, and if this is true then that sucks ass because I was told all my family was dead and was raised by pretty shitty people as a result." Remus looked intrigued. "Who were you raised by?" "Muggle aunt and uncle. They hated my mum, wizards, and anything to do with it." "Oh. Sorry." "All of you went to the same school together, then? You seem close." James seemed to have abandoned eating in favor of interrogating the new students. "Yes. We've been through a lot together." "Draco looks very similar to Lucius Malfoy over there. You look very similar to me." "Well…" Harry looked thoughtful. "Maybe it's because we are distant relatives. Malfoy, you say? What house?" "Slytherin." "Oh." "Is Ginny your girlfriend?" "No." All the Marauders looked at him. "She's sitting in your lap." Said Sirius. "Ah, but that doesn't mean we're dating, now does it? We could just be comfortable with each other." "Or friends with benefits" Ginny chimed in. Ron, who had been so busy eating he hadn't bothered looking up, choked on his potatoes. Luna, Hermione, Harry and Draco snickered behind their hands. "I think I've got it," said Lily. "When did you get here?" Sirius said. "I was always here, you just didn't notice." She turned to Harry obviously dismissing Sirius. "I'm starting from the closest. Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, Harry Potter, Ginny Weasley, Luna Lovegood, and Raco Malfoy. And the dog," she pointed at Padfoot, who was laying quietly at Harry's feet. He would eat in the kitchens. "is Sirius. Did I get it right?" she looked eagerly at their faces. When she was them restraining laughter, she sighed good-naturedly. "Who's name did I mess up?" Draco raised his hand. "It's not Raco, it's Draco." "Okay. Draco Malfoy. I did it!" James looked at Harry. "Can I ask you something?" Harry nodded. "Shoot." "Why do you radiate power?" The others fell silent. James could hear the other Gryffindor straining to hear the answer. Everybody wanted to know the answer. The Hall fell silent. "Because," said Harry finally. "when I was younger, there was an incident that gave me power. As I grew older, I kept defying a Dark Wizard. Each time I did, I somehow unlocked a new ability, and eventually, I got more. It was never my choice, and I lost almost everything. It's a touchy subject." The snakes around his arms were writhing, as if they could sense Harry's feelings.