common room when a shadow to the left moved and Lily caught a flash of dazzling platinum hair in the dim lighting. "Lily Potter," a familiar drawl echoed over to her. Lily froze instantly just before the staircase, turning to look towards the dungeon entrance, where a slender Scorpius Malfoy stood alone, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed. His eyes, even from across the room, seemed to pierce into her, as though he could read her mind. Shifting under his gaze, Lily tried to draw herself up to her full height, which was laughable considering she only came up to Malfoy's shoulders. "What do you want?" she asked, and she hated that her voice came out uncertain and cautious. Scorpius Malfoy had never bothered to talk to her before. He and his friends seemed to have much more fun badgering Rose or Albus. Malfoy regarded her for a long moment with an unreadable expression on his pale face before he pushed himself away from the wall and slowly started towards her, his hands sliding down to rest inside his pockets. Lily watched him carefully, her heart beginning to pound a little faster when she realized that they were quite alone. All the other students had hurried off to bed so as not to be caught out after hours. Finally he pulled to a stop in front of her, gazing down at her small frame, before he said, his tone casual and conversational, "Having family troubles?" Lily glared up at him, feeling her cheeks flush. Of course, he had probably seen her arguing with Rose earlier by the carriages. They hadn't exactly been discreet. "Everything is fine, thanks for your concern," she said curtly. "I wasn't concerned. I was hopeful." Lily stared up at him, unable to come up with a response to such a blunt statement. Silence engulfed them for a long moment, in which time Malfoy reached into his pocket and pulled out another Acid Pop. He twirled it around in his long fingers before he held it up between them. "Lolly?" Lily glared suspiciously at him. "I don't like them," she said simply. Malfoy smirked and she couldn't possibly understand what was so amusing about what she had said. "I didn't think you would," Malfoy mused, unwrapping the bright green candy before he stuck it in his mouth. He balled up the wrapper in his palm before tossing it to the ground and replacing his hands in his pocket. His gray eyes scanned over her for a moment before he said through his treat, "Let me give you some advice Potter." Lily glared at him again. "I don't think I want your advice, Malfoy." "I think you do," he said evenly, his eyes never wavering from hers. "Family has got nothing to do with blood." Lily shifted on the balls of her feet before she crossed her arms stubbornly over her chest. "I don't know what you mean," she said quietly. Any minute now curfew would be in effect and she would be lucky not to be caught out of the common room after hours. Malfoy surveyed her for a long moment before he gave a little shrug and started back towards the entrance to the dungeons. "Just think about it," he called over his shoulder to her, "And come find me when you're done thinking." Just as abruptly as he had appeared he was gone, disappearing down the stairs and into the shadows. Lily watched where he had gone for a long time before she quickly turned and started up the staircase. It took her ten minutes to finally reach the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor and still her mind was buzzing as she whispered the password and stepped into the common room. So wrapped up in her racing thoughts about Scorpius' odd comment that she hadn't even realized another person was still up, sitting on the couch by the fire place. Rose sprung up the moment the door closed behind Lily and raced over to her. "Where have you been?" Rose demanded, sounding very much like their grandmother Molly. Lily started at the voice before she glared over at her cousin. "It's only fifteen minutes past curfew," she argued, feeling bitter and angry again at her cousin's watchful eye. She tried hurrying for the dormitory but was blocked by Rose's figure. "You better not start acting out this year. I'll send a letter straight to mum and dad if you do. You're acting like a brat." Lily's hands curled into fists by her sides and she tried very hard not to lose her temper again as she shouldered past Rose and started up the stairs to the girl's dormitory. Her other house mates seemed to have already gone to bed and Lily crept into the room and changed in the dark before she slid under the covers of the familiar bed with its' maroon drapings. Malfoy's words echoed in her mind and she couldn't help but squirm under the weight of them. He was probably just trying to get under her skin. What upset Lily was that he was succeeding. She thought about Rose and her bossy attitude, and how she kept Albus and Hugo away from her simply because she didn't want to ride in the carriage with them. Though, to be fair, it wasn't like Lily would have wanted to sit with them anyway. Growing frustrated, Lily pounded her pillow into a more comfortable position before lying down with a heavy sigh. She would just have to ignore Malfoy. Clearly he was growing bored with tormenting her other relatives and was now trying to move in on her. Lily wouldn't allow him to get to her the way he had gotten to the others. She was a lot stronger than they were, and a lot more resilient. Feeling a bit more relaxed, Lily curled herself up into a ball under her covers and fell into a heavy sleep.