and in her lap she had opened her book, Pride & Prejudice . "What are you doing?" He asked. She jumped at the sound of his voice, turning quickly to look at him, pulling the blanket tighter around herself. "I couldn't sleep," she whispered. "I thought you would be sleeping." "I can't." "Oh." They were quiet for a while before Draco edged his way towards the couch. He noticed how closely Granger was watching him and sat himself down in a chair across from her rather than on the couch next to her. He noticed her visibly relax. "Why are you reading that?" He asked, indicating towards the book in her hand. "Do you even know what it is?" "Of course I do," he snapped at her. That got her to roll her eyes. It was a familiar gesture in this unfamiliar woman. "So why are you reading it?" "I told you. I'm trying to figure something out." "What are you trying to figure out?" She cocked her head to the side, as though to see him better. She thought about her answer carefully, mulling it over in her head before she said, "Love." "Love?" Draco asked, a hint of disgust rising in his voice. "Love's not good for anything." "Really?" Her question stumped him for a moment but he rebounded quickly. "Really. It's not good for anything I've seen." "You've never been in love?" "No." She stared at him and there was a new look on her face that he had never seen before. "I'm sorry," she said. "Sorry?" "For you." "For me?" "Yes." "Why?" he asked bewildered. "Because you have never been in love." He suddenly felt very uncomfortable and he shifted in his seat under her gaze. It was like she was looking at him and pulling out all the ugly pieces from the deepest recesses of his brain. "Have you then?" "Sorry?" "Been in love." Her gaze became unfocused as she thought about something far away from this room. "I think so." "With Weasley." It was more of a confirmation than a question. "Yes." She answered it anyway. "And then he left?" She snapped back to reality and looked him dead in the face. "My baby was not born." "Baby?" He asked, feeling a shock as cold as ice flash through him. "Yes. He didn't make it. Died before he came out of me. Ron went mad. He thought I'd done something. Believed that I didn't want it so bad that I made him die on purpose. He left in the night. Ran away. I never heard from him again." Draco didn't know what to say. He looked at her tired face and bruised lips from how hard he had been kissing her. Was she using him to escape some deep pain? To fill a hole inside of her? "That is horrible." He said because it was true. It was awful. A tragedy. "He shouldn't have left you." "But he did." She said it so matter-of-factly, so Granger-like. Suddenly she stood and the blanket that had been so tightly secured around her fell away. Draco's eyes were drawn to her breasts, her hips, her slender thighs and her pussy, which looked so perfect to him in the lighting of his living room. "Do I look it?" "Look it?" His brows furrowed together. "Does my body look like it could kill someone?" "No." "Do you think I wanted it?" He paused, wondering what she meant by it. The baby? Or sex? "I wanted to be a mother," she whispered. "I believe you," he said honestly. Her eyes connected with his and they stayed like that, watching each other, drinking in each other's sorrows. Draco stood up and approached her, careful not to bump into the table between them. Granger did not move and her gaze followed him as he got closer to her. He stopped in front of her, staring down into her freckled face. "You are beautiful." He said it so casually, as though he had been saying it for years, as though it were obvious. "You think so?" She asked, as though he had told her a hundred times and she had answered the same way every time, like a reflex. "I think so." Was always his reply. She reached her hand up to touch his cheek and her fingertips were soft and warm against his skin. He closed his eyes and allowed her thumb to move along the edge of his cheekbone. "Why have you gone mad?" Draco opened his eyes to look at her. He felt like he was in another world. Another time period. Like nothing was real outside of this living room. He decided to tell her. "I have nightmares of horrible things. Sometimes I see them during the day. They follow me. Figures. From the war and from school." She studied his face as though to tell if he was lying or not. When he expression didn't change, a soft smile curled its way onto her delicate lips. "What?" he asked, a little defensively. "You have gone mad." "So have you." Granger's smile faltered. "We have all gone mad," she repeated. Draco examined her face before he lifted his hands to both her cheeks, capturing her and pulling her to him. He kissed her gently, this time as though she were the porcelain doll ready to crumble at the slightest touch. She kissed him back and they held each other like that, accepting their madness and living in the moment as though nothing else in the world had ever happened. He pulled away from her and looked at her face. Her eyes were still closed, as though she were refusing to let the moment end and then her lids fluttered open and he saw the deepest color chocolate in her eyes. "Come be mad with me." He whispered as though there were people listening to them. She smiled at him and allowed him to lead her back to his bedroom.