stop in front of a perfectly blank stone wall with no distinguishing features. Turning around the male fifth year student addresses us. "This wall behind me is the hidden entrance to our common room. Try to remember where it is, don't tell anyone outside of our house where the entrance is. And make sure you check the posting board every day before leaving to make sure you have the latest password. We change it every week, but sometimes randomly as well. If you forget the password your stuck out here until either someone else comes along, or someone leaves." The woman who had been silent so far finally speaks up in a severe tone. "If you happen to be locked out after curfew you'll have to suck it up and get professor Slughorn, our head of house. His office is behind the portrait of the witch playing a harp that we passed on the way here." She says, pointing in the general direction before continuing. "If that happens you'll likely be punished with detention, but that's better than getting caught by other prefects or, Merlin forbid, the caretaker." She shudders in disgust and I can't help wonder if it's because of his unwashed appearance, caustic demeanor, or just because he's a squib. They turn around and give the password, pureblood, and shepherded all of us first years inside after the stones moved apart, much like the entrance to Diagon Alley. Once inside I can't help but let out a small smile at how impressive it really is. There are huge, green tinted windows that show the room we are in is submerged at looks directly into the depths of the black lake. I'm not the only one dazzled by the display as there are gasps of ooh's and ahh's from almost all of us first years. There is a smug knowing look from the prefects as the woman speaks up again. "That's right, our common room has the best view in the castle. Occasionally you might even see the giant squid swim by, or other more… interesting creatures." She finishes off. "The girls dorms are to your left and the boys dorms are to your right. Boys aren't allowed in the girls dorms and they are heavily warded to prevent entry. No matter how far you manage to get in there is a load alarm that will sound off because of the attempt so don't try it. All of you have your own individual room for privacy, you'll know yours by the plaque with your name on it, and a communal bathroom for your year to share. The rooms are sparsely furnished with just a bed and a desk. Your meant to learn how to use magic here and the proof will be in how elaborate and decorated you can make your room." The male prefect took up explaining for us. The woman begins talking again. "The two of us will meet you here in the common room promptly at seven in the morning to escort you to breakfast and your first classes of the day. We expect you to be up, presentable, and ready by then. We have our reputation of this noble house to uphold after all. Good night." She finishes in a clear dismissal for us to go to bed. I silently make my way with the other first year boys and find my room without issue. And it is just as advertised of being medium size, a simple bed, and a desk pushed up against the wall with a standard wooden chair and no window. The only light source being a ceiling lamp that can turn off or on by voice command. Checking to make sure my trunk at the foot of the bed has been untampered with, not that there was much to bother with in their at the moment besides the standard set of school supplies. I pull out a fresh set of the Hogwarts uniform and lay it out on top of my trunk for tomorrow. Pulling off my clothes and folding them neatly and setting them on the desk I wonder what the protocol is for the house elves to clean them. With that thought I slip into bed thinking about how one might go about obtaining a house elf. Dead useful they are, but something I won't worry about it until I go home for the summer. I can't wait for classes tomorrow. Or more accurately to go exploring for certain things after classes are over. A/N: I want to personally thank you all for taking the time to read my first attempt at writing fan fiction. I've been a long time reader and I felt it was finally time for me to try my hand at writing. A few more things I would like to say is that this is inspired by various other self-insert stories that I'd read and enjoyed. I'll admit, I'm not actually a fan of Snape. In fact I would sooner read a bashing fic than one that has Severus in a father/mentor/love interest role. And that's why I went with making him a self insert OC. Also I don't think I've ever seen one where Snape is in the main character role and will have a harem of women. Any way, I'm writing this story because like many others in my position, I've read so much that it seems like there are no more stories that I'm interested in reading that I haven't already. Also I am now far more aware of what a plot bunny that won't leave you alone feels like. I have a new respect for all writers now, especially when it comes to writing a scene or section you just aren't interested in, but have to include to advance the plot. Once again, thank all, from the bottom of my heart for making it this far and I hope to see you again for the next chapter. Any reviews/favorites/follows are appreciated.