wishing his company on a regular basis, and he was not convinced that had he been helping Bill all that much or that the couple would want to see him nearly as much as they did. It was not until Fleur had showed up at his raggedy apartment one day to scold him about how he was now part of their family whether he liked it or not. Remus began to accept all invitations from the young couple. Remus enjoyed his time while at Shell Cottage. They had become a sort of family to Remus, and it was nice having somewhere to go to when he did not wish to be alone. Bill and Fleur had proved to him that they genuinely enjoyed his company and cared for him, and Remus tried to honor their decision in favoring them by working on being a better friend and spending more time with them. As Bill and Remus entered Shell Cottage, they were both immediately hit with the familiar scent of bacon, toast and eggs. Both mens' steps quickened as they made their way to the kitchen where they were met with the sight of Fleur by the stove, still in pajamas with a light robe draped over her slender form and a spatula in her hands. "Good morning boys," Fleur greeted cheerfully. Bill moved closer to wrap his arm around his wife's waist. "Hungry?" "Ravenous," Bill growled playfully before dropping a peck on Fleur's cheek that was suddenly met with a slight flush if Remus was not mistaken. Remus watched amused as Bill made for the fridge to get to work helping Fleur. "Not me thank you Fleur, I really should be going. I've only come in to say hello," Remus told her. "Remus you can't tell me you're not hungry after that run," Fleur protested. Bill laughed, "He's got a good reason for not staying this time Fleur." Fleur flashed her eyes at Remus who rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly, "I've got a job interview today." Fleur squealed delightedly, "What! Remus that's exciting! Why didn't you tell us?" "I wasn't sure I would get a call back, "Remus admitted. "Well of course you would," Bill grinned. "Who wouldn't want you," Fleur scolded, and Remus was once again struck by his friends' high regard of him. "Who is the interview for?" "It's for the bookkeep, Flourish and Blotts, nothing special," Remus responded "It's a fabulous start," Fleur corrected and began digging amongst the cupboards, "Here, at least wait a moment so I can pack you something to eat on the way. You should really have something to eat before you leave." "Thank you," Remus tilted his head appreciatively. Once Fleur had packed Remus enough food to last him well into the next day, Bill offered to walk Remus out. Bill was right in the middle of setting up a day to meet up again the living room when Remus' keen ear picked up on wood creaking near the ceiling. Remus turned to be met with the sight of a slight figure making her way down the stairs and Remus felt a moment of shock at not having sensed the presence of another in the house while he had been in the kitchen. "Luna," Remus greeted surprised. Luna Lovegood paused on the staircase to smile sleepily at him in greeting. She, like Fleur, was still in pajamas and her hair had bits and pieces sticking out in odd places. Remus briefly counted how long it had been since he had last seen his ex-student and felt a moment of shame for having not checked in on her after all that had happened. "Professor," Luna greeted, not seeming at all put out by his lack of contact in the past months, and Remus was reminded that he was not close enough to Luna to be missed by her. "Good morning Luna," Bill greeted, grinning at the younger girl as she stood beside him, "Sleep well?" "Very," Luna confirmed, but Remus couldn't help but notice what looked like distinct shadows beneath her eyes. "Have you two been for a run in the woods?" Remus was distracted by her apparent keen sense of smell, but Bill didn't seem to notice and quipped, "Yes actually, little tradition Remus and I have picked up lately every few days or so." Luna nodded dreamily, "That sounds nice, the forest is prettiest at dawn." A sudden grumble drew both mens' eyes to Luna's small tummy. "Well, I think I'll just pop into the kitchen for a spot of breakfast. It was good seeing you Professor." "It was good to see you too Luna, and please, call me Remus," the werewolf told her, drawing his attention back to her heart-shaped face. "I don't know that I can, Professor, old habits die hard," Luna laughed lightly before waving her hand and making her way into the kitchen. The two watched her go before Remus turned to Bill curiously, "Has she been staying here?" Bill nodded, his eyes still trained on the kitchen door, "For a few days now. She was staying at the Burrow before, but I don't think all that company suited her. Luna needed to get away, somewhere quiet with less people to give her space. She's been through a lot, you know that." Remus frowned, nodding, remembering Luna the day of the final battle. "Well, good luck in that interview mate," Bill clasped Remus on the back, "Be sure to let us know how it goes." "I will," Remus assured him. Remus was just about to step out when a light scent hit his nose, coming from where Luna had just been standing. Remus couldn't quite place his finger on it, but it was different, not exactly as Remus had remembered her. Remus said goodbye to Bill focused his attention to possible questions he might be asked during his interview, pushing aside thoughts of the unfamiliar scent and the bloodied, crying Luna of his memory. oOo