to figure out how to break it to her that he would have to move away for veterinary studies. It seemed to be the hardest thing he would ever have to do. Kaelyn cried from frustration, but she completely understood. "I could come with you?" she suggested. "You can't," Seamus said, trying to keep his own emotions in check. "You have everything figured out here. Besides, it's only a few hours away. We can figure something out, yeah?" Kaelyn sniffled and tried to stem her tears as she nodded, clinging to the only man she had ever loved for dear life. "I love you Seamus," she said into his neck as she held him close. "Kaelyn," he breathed, and his emotions broke. "I love you too," he admitted. It was a huge weight off of his chest. The first term away from each other was hard but like always, they made it work. Kaelyn would drive up late Friday night and spend the weekend in Seamus' dorm leaving insanely early Monday morning to make it back in time for her residency. The rest of the week was sporadic texts and occasional facetime convos, but every second was worth it. Four years and millions of stolen moments later, Kaelyn and Seamus graduated from their respective programs and they each took a summer to simply reconnect. Seamus had a job offer waiting and Kaelyn had accepted a fellowship in the same town as Seamus so they wouldn't have to miss each other anymore. "Regrets?" Seamus asked as they lay on a blanket and looked up at the stars. "None," Kaelyn said, turning her face to look at him. "You?" she asked in return. "Not one day," Seamus said as he gave her a smile. "Still love me?" he asked. "Every day," Kaelyn laughed. "You?" Seamus sat up and looked around in thought. "No one else for the rest of my life," he said softly as he took Kaelyn in. "What's wrong?" Kaelyn asked, sitting up as well. "Nothing," Seamus said with a small smile. "Just thinking how lucky I am." Kaelyn tilted her head to one side as she considered the man before her. "I'm still insanely happy that we met," she said. "As am I," Seamus agreed. As their carefree summer came to an end, Seamus made a decision that would bring him one step closer to the man he wanted so desperately to be. "Kaelyn," he asked as they were packing up their things to return to the city. "Yeah?" she called from the bathroom. "Come here a sec," he said as he turned to look out the window. "What's wrong?" Kaelyn asked as she came into the bedroom. "Eight years is a long time, don't you think?" Seamus asked his hands in his pockets. "It seems like it," Kaelyn said, her forehead drawn. "What are you getting at?" Seamus pulled his hands out of his pockets and pulled Kaelyn close. "I didn't mean to wreck your Friday," he whispered in her ear. "But I definitely meant to take your time." As Seamus pulled back he dropped down to one knee, the ring held before him. "What do you say?" he asked, hoping his nerves didn't show. Kaelyn stared at Seamus in disbelief as tears gathered in her eyes. "Yes," she breathed. No, I ain't gotta call you baby And I ain't gotta call you mine I don't have to take your heart I just wanna take your time "Take Your Time" Sam Hunt I don't know if you were looking at me or not You probably smile like that all the time And I don't mean to bother you but I couldn't just walk by And not say, "Hi" And I know your name 'Cause everybody in here knows your name And you're not looking for anything right now So I don't wanna come on strong Don't get me wrong Your eyes are so intimidating My heart is pounding but It's just a conversation No, girl I'm not wasted You don't know me I don't know you but I want to I don't wanna steal your freedom I don't wanna change your mind I don't have to make you love me I just wanna take your time I don't wanna wreck your Friday I ain't gonna waste my lines I don't have to take your heart I just wanna take your time And I know it starts with "Hello" And the next thing you know you're trying to be nice And some guy's getting too close Trying to pick you up Trying to get you drunk And I'm sure one of your friends is about to come over here 'Cause she's supposed to save you from random guys That talk too much and wanna stay too long It's the same old song and dance but I think you know it well You could've rolled your eyes Told me to go to hell Could've walked away But you're still here And I'm still here Come on let's see where it goes I don't wanna steal your freedom I don't wanna change your mind I don't have to make you love me I just wanna take your time I don't have to meet your mother We don't have to cross that line I don't wanna steal your covers I just wanna take your time I don't wanna go home with you I just wanna be alone with you I don't wanna steal your freedom I don't wanna change your mind I don't have to make you love me I just wanna take your time I don't wanna blow your phone up I just wanna blow your mind I don't have to take your heart I just wanna take your time No, I ain't gotta call you baby And I ain't gotta call you mine I don't have to take your heart I just wanna take your time A/N: I also highly recommend watching the music video to this song. The FEELZ!