her room. -X- Percy walked out of his daughters' bedroom but didn't close the door. He emerged again a mere five minutes later with a stand and a golden telescope in his arms. She watched silently as he opened the stand and then placed the telescope gently on it. He had to crouch down to place his eye near the opening and bit the bottom of his lip as he tried to carefully position the telescope exactly where he wanted it to be. During this time Lucy remained quiet. She didn't bother to say anything to him. Percy knew she was probably puzzled because stargazing wasn't a general occurrence in the Weasley household. "You said I didn't understand," he said, moving the telescope gently to the left before dropping his hands. He was shaking slightly as he turned to stare directly at his daughter wanting to make a connection with her. "Make me understand." Lucy hung her head. She squeezed her pink pillow and shrugged, tears were forming in the corner of her eyes again and they were threatening to fall at any second. She looked up as Percy walked slowly towards her bed. She half expected him to take a seat on the edge of it and comfort her but instead he removed his shoes and then climbed on top of her bed. He was standing on her mattress, wobbling slightly. She watched him, confused and a little horrified, as he removed small flat objects from his pocket and started to placed them on her ceiling. "I just don't understand why he doesn't love me back," she said quietly with a sniffle. "What's wrong with me? What did I do wrong? Am I not pretty enough?" Percy pressed one more object onto her ceiling and then carefully crouched down to take a seat on her bed. He sat across from her cross-legged and reached his hand out to touch a stray piece of blonde hair. "Lucy, I am about to tell you something that you must remember for the rest of your life." She sat a little straighter, blue eyes shining, ready to hear his words. "Boys are stupid. I was one once so I would know. You are perfect. You are kind. You are smart and you are beautiful. I love you. I will always love you. Do you understand me?" She nodded her head but casted her eyes downwards to her pillow. "Lucy, look at me," he demanded. "You have stolen one man's heart already." "W-Whose?" she questioned with a hiccup. "Mine." She rolled her eyes but smiled softly. "Da ddy —" "I'm serious," he said, cutting her off with a warm smile. "Before you were even born I was already in love with you. I'm going to love you for as long as I live. Perhaps even longer . You'll never be able to get me to stop. No matter what you do." Percy didn't wait for her to response. Instead, he untangled himself from his sitting position and got up from the bed. Percy walked over to his gold telescope, feet sinking into her purple carpet. He waved his hand and motioned for her to come stand next to him. The bed creaked and Lucy appeared next to him. She was wearing one of his old Cannons shirts, the long orange sleeves covered her small hands. "What is it you're trying to show me?" "Look through the telescope." Lucy placed a blue eye to the opening of the telescope. Her vision was slightly blurry and she struggled to focus in order to see what her father was trying to show her. All she could really make out were the twinkling stars in the night sky. "Look for this," he said, pulling out a crisp piece of parchment from his pocket. She moved her head from the telescope and grabbed the parchment from him, reading the words over with excitement. "You…named a star after me?" she said breathlessly. The parchment shook in her hands. It was a certificate that detailed the location of the star, the constellation and the name. At the very top in sparkling silver ink and a fancy script read the name, 'Lucy's Star.' "None of those other stars shine brighter than yours. None of those other girls…they're nothing compared to you," Percy said softly, squeezing her shoulder. Lucy beamed at her father. She took one more look at the position of the coordinates and then peeked through the telescope to search for it. "But stars fade. They burst and disappear. I always disappear," she said somberly. "It's fitting. Percy shook his head. "No," he responded sharply. "Come here." He grabbed her hand and gently guided Lucy towards her bed. He said nothing as he released her hand and then climbed in the bed, laying on his back, staring at the ceiling. Lucy followed suit and snuggled closely to her father. She stared at the ceiling and gasped in surprise. The little objects he had been sticking to her ceiling moments before were miniature stars. They glowed a slight yellowish-green in the same formation to the one on her certificate. Lucy squinted her eyes as her father pointed to one particular star. She shifted and rose to her knees so she could get a closer look at the first star to the left. There was a small 'L' carved into it. The star was glowing brighter than the others that surrounded it in the darkness and would forever. Author's Note: I'm supposed to be writing about Augusta Longbottom, a pregnant Lucy and an annoyed Albus but I wrote this instead. I got this idea because I used to have those stars on my ceiling when I was younger. I loved staring at them and dreaming about different worlds. I love Dad Percy. I feel like he's slightly awkward but there's no denying he isn't a good parent. Let me know what you think of the story in a comment below. Thanks for reading!