Healer and get that checked out. Do you eat a lot of red meat?" Ron asked, eyeing Neville's chest. "Her eyes remind me of gravy and her hair of spaghetti—" Ron grumbled. "I'm hungry. Do you have any noodles? Ooo, dip…uh, why is there hair in this?" Dean thought for a moment and snapped his fingers as the answer came to him. "It's a new kind! It's supposed to make you thin." "I just don't know how to approach her. You know? I go up to her and I start talking about cabbages and man eating spiders—" Ron shrieked and jumped out of his chair with cheese dip on his fingers. "SPIDERS! WHERE?" Dean's brown eyes opened wide and he too jumped out of his chair and pointed a shaking finger to the dip. "In the dip! The spiders are in the dip!" Neville continued as if the two weren't even there and mumbled to himself. "Some awful nonsense about Gran and how she killed the vulture herself and stuffed him for her hat. I think Hannah might be scared of me actually. Tends to shiver a bit whenever I'm around. I think she has some sort of shaky bone disease. Our children will have a shaky bone disease—" Ron paused and then dropped to his seat with shock. "You have a child? Congratulations! Can I be the godfather? Ooo, this is really excellent dip." "I just want to take her by the shoulders and shake her. I want to shout it out in front of the whole world. I like Hannah Abbot!" Neville declared with vigor. " What's with all the shouting! " A voice yelled from another room. The three jumped and stared at each other, wondering if there was a ghost nearby. "Where is that voice coming from? Mum? Is that you?" Ron shouted back. It didn't dawn on him that he wasn't actually at the Burrow but was indeed making a ruckus in Augusta Longbottom's kitchen. Dean blanched, staring at Ron. "Your Mum is here? Why didn't you tell me? She hates me! I'm leaving before she gets down here." With a loud crack he was gone and Ron stared at Dean's empty seat with horror. "Whoa, he just disappeared right before my eyes. It was like magic!" "I'm going to die alone," Neville said sullenly. "HANNAH ABBOT! WHY DON'T YOU LIKE ME?" " Neville? Neville, what is this shouting?" "I wonder," Ron said, shaking in his seat. "If I can do magic too!" He scrunched up his nose and counted to three, squeezing every muscle in his body before he disappeared with a loud pop. A second later, Augusta Longbottom appeared in the kitchen with a look of concern etched on her old tired face and a fluffy robe covering her magenta colored nightdress. "Neville? What's going on— oh , Neville," she whispered sadly as she noticed her grandson who was sitting alone at the wooden table, nursing a half filled cup. "You and your friends were drinking again. What am I going to do with you all? Come to bed Neville." Neville looked at his grandmother, noticing her for the first time. His eyes were filled with tears and he sighed, as if the weight of the world was on his shoulders. "Gran?" he whispered. "I'm going to die alone Gran. What's the point?" She stopped herself from scoffing and instead shook her head and then ruffled his hair lovingly with her hand. "Oh Neville, you're going to find a sweet girl once you sober up. A very sweet one that will make sure Harry Potter doesn't bring any alcohol into the house. Come on Neville, up to bed." Neville yawned and dropped his head to the table. Muttering quietly, "I think…she smells like…nachos…bed…anon…" He fell asleep with his head on the table. Augusta shook her head with silent fury. Sure she was used to this, it only happened when the boys met for their monthly night together. Their conversations were idiotic and at first made her chuckle but Neville was always left alone with a small sadness in the pit of his stomach that she could never fill. She kissed her grandson's forehead and whispered a sweet 'good night', then walked back to her bedroom, her old bones aching with each step. She didn't have that many years left. As much as she liked to think she was a strong woman her time would soon come. She knew that and she hoped before it did the lump in her kitchen who was drooling on her dining table would find someone to take care of him. As she laid her head on her pillow sleep quickly overtook her. In the kitchen a dull brown owl swooped in through the open window and dropped a rolled up piece of parchment next to Neville Longbottom's mouth. The owl pecked his face and Neville sleepily swatted it away. He jumped after realizing the thing pecking him was indeed alive. Alert, he smacked some of the owl's feathers, his tired eyes falling on the parchment. Groggily, he opened the letter and blinked several times as the owl pecked his hand with annoyance. Neville, Come by the Leaky around five. We can get something then. Anon, Hannah Neville stared at the words with confusion and brushed the letter aside. He dropped his head back to the cold wooden table and his snores filled the kitchen. It would take him only ten minutes after he woke up to realize what the letter meant, the events of boys night hitting him like bludger to the head. Ron Weasley was so dead. Author's Note: Ah! A Neville and Hannah short story. I'm actually really excited about this. I wasn't going to post this up yet but I wanted to see what everyone thought. This is going to be a short story. Emphasis on short. It'll only be around five chapters long. Don't forget to review to let me know what you think!