forgotten your place, Freak. It's time you're reminded-' 'My name-' Harry stopped to cough, before turning to glare venomously at Vernon, '-is Harry.' 'You're a FREAK!' He roared in reply, grabbing his punishment belt from the waiting Petunia. Harry's hand glowed purple when he reached out, as if to catch the leather, while his emerald eyes changed to amethysts. Vernon's downward strike was halted, the purple aura of Harry's hand leapt from him to the belt. Slowly it grew to Vernon's whole body. The wail of the dark energy like a siren. It was a beautiful song to Harry. 'Don't.' He slowly clenched his hand, the crescendo rising, his blood pounding like a drum roll. 'Call me.' By now Vernon was bellowing like a wounded animal, audible snaps being heard in his arm and legs. 'A FREAK!' Harry's hand swiped as if he was swatting a fly, the action sending Vernon flying to the left. Petunia screamed, then fled for the upstairs, presumably to grab Dudley and run. This left Harry standing, panting as adrenaline pumped through his veins, while Vernon lay slumped against the cooker, groaning at the pain of his broken bones. The belt sat forgotten on the floor. Harry reached down, and for a moment as his hands brushed against the worn, bloodstained leather he felt a spike of fear. Then just as sudden, hatred which he wasn't sure was his own. The purple energy slivered from him to the belt, before stabbing down like plant roots. The siren noise wailed louder, followed by a roar like a strong wind. The belt rose and spun in the air, glowing purple, before suddenly blackening like burned flesh, the metal of the buckle melted down then moulded into a thin square adorned with many wicked spines. Harry slowly took the belt from the air in front of him, eyes wide in awe. Witches and sorcerers in the bible could do many evil or powerful things, but to remake the world and it's objects themselves? That power was almost... Godly. As the leather made contact with Harry's delicate fingers, it thrummed with power that resonated in Harry. It was as if it were whispering to him, urging him on. Harry turned to face the watching Vernon, and gripped the belt tightly. 'Vernon... You should have known not to insult your betters.' Harry crooned, stepping closer. Vernon shifted in response, but was unable to crawl away on broken legs. 'It's time for your punishment, Vernon.' Harry raised the belt, and the incapacitated man's eyes widened as the buckle glinted in the morning light. Petunia had just grabbed Dudley and was making her way into the upstairs hallway when her husband's first squeal of pain sounded. She'd stopped first to phone the police who were now en route, having told them her nephew attacked her husband with a weapon. 'W-was that dad?' Dudley asked, looking up at her. As if to answer, Vernon bellowed again, and again, and again. Petunia swallowed. 'We have to get out, Dudleykins, we need to go to Mrs Figg.' Vernon howled again, louder and longer. She heard her nephew laugh gleefully in response. They ran down the steps, each one punctuated by a steadily more gurgled scream by Vernon. Petunia fumbled with the keys for a moment before thrusting open the door, and urged Dudley out first. She hesitated, then glanced down the hallway into the kitchen. She shouldn't have. Her eyes met purple, and the door howled like an angry animal before slamming shut. When she went to grab the handle, it melted into ooze. 'Leaving so soon?' The freak asked her, as Dudley howled and pounded on the door. 'You know,' Harry began suddenly. 'Nobody has ever asked me what my favourite number is.' Petunia whimpered in reply. 'I've never been asked what my favourite hobbies are, either. I enjoy the arts, by the way Petunia.' Silence this time, but Harry didn't mind. He absentmindedly flicked a hand towards the kitchen's cassette player. He'd already inserted his stolen tape, and so the song started playing. Ironically enough, it was by The Police. 'Every breath you take,' Harry sung along, legs swinging from his seated position on the counter, 'Every move you make, every bond you break, every step you take... I'll be watching you.' He shifted, falling down from his perch to stand and survey the punishment he'd wrought upon Vernon. The fat man was battered and bloodied, his face now an unrecognisable lump of pounded flesh. The belt was embedded by the buckle in what was left of his forehead. Harry had to take a break after he had beaten him to death, and thus was the reason Petunia was bound on top of the dining table by writhing, purple magic in the form of spiked chains. 'Every single day, every word you say, every game you play, every night you stay,' Harry turned away with a small smile and sigh of satisfaction to face his aunt. 'I'll be watching you.' 'The police will be here soon, won't they Petunia?' Harry asked rhetorically. 'We'll just have to make the most of it.' Harry opened the cutlery drawer to withdraw a chopping knife. 'P-please...' Petunia managed to whimper out. Harry tutted in reply, shaking his head before crooning. 'Come now Petunia, no tears please. It's waste of good suffering!' As Petunia wailed, Harry hummed along to the still playing music. 'O can't you see, you belong to me, my poor heart aches, with every step you take.' 'I like the number seven.' Harry said suddenly. 'Seven is a very important number, do you know why Petunia? It marks an occasion.' Almost subconsciously, he began drumming on the edge of the table beside Petunia's foot with the tool. Onetwothreefour, one two three. Onetwothreefour, one two three. Each beat of contact clanged. 'You're going to die, Petunia. But don't worry. I'll be here every step of the way.' Today was Harry's birthday. He was seven years old.