swear Lily is—" Harry cut him off before he could continue. "You didn't do anything wrong. I just need to talk to you. Let's have a seat in the kitchen." James sighed behind his father and followed him into the kitchen. They took a seat at the wooden table that was in the middle of the room, Harry grabbed a lone red apple that was left forgotten on the table and tossed it from hand to hand trying to quell some of his nerves. "I wanted to talk to you about the other day. I know what you saw was startling and I'm sure it was confusing," he said nervously. James couldn't look him in the eye but his father didn't miss his sigh of relief. "I guess," he muttered. "Good," Harry replied. "I mean…it's not good that you're confused but it's good we can be open with each other." Harry mentally cursed himself for sounding like a complete tool. James scrunched his nose and finally glanced at his sweating father. "Dad, you're acting weird." Harry grinned. "I know. This isn't easy for me. You know I didn't have parents growing up. I didn't have a father to sit me down and explain things to me about my growing body and the changes I was going through." His son nodded and gave him a grim smile. His children knew all about his tough upbringing. They didn't know every single horrifying detail but they knew enough to give their father a pass whenever he became a little too involved in their everyday lives. "Is this about the fact that Aunt Hermione told mum I smell?" Harry gave him a confused look. He really thought they were on the same page. "What?" he asked. James groaned in frustration. "I've been scrubbing really hard. I swear I'm showering!" he exclaimed. Harry gave his son a tentative thumbs up because he wasn't sure how to respond to that. His wife would have to clue him in on that conversation later. "Uh, okay. Great job, son." He was failing miserably at this. "But that's not what I wanted to talk to you about. I wanted to talk to you about sex," he said flatly. James's brown eyes widened and his mouth formed into an 'O.' "Sex," he mused. Harry cringed. He didn't like hearing the word come out of his mouth. The pamphlet Dudley gave him suddenly felt like it was burning a hole in his pocket. He tried to recall what his cousin had said to him in his study just a mere two hours ago. "You see, when two people love each other they have sex. Do you follow?" he questioned. James shot out of his chair faster than a snitch zooming in the air. He placed his hands on his ear and gaped at his father. " Dad," he said completely horrified, "I know all about sex. We really don't have to do this." Harry sighed with relief. He felt like a weight had suddenly been lifted off his shoulders. "You do? How?" James rolled his eyes and removed his hands from his ears. "Of course I do. I'm fifteen after all. I learned all about it from Uncle Neville." Harry made a mental note to send Neville a fruit basket at a later date. "Uncle Neville?" he questioned, flabbergasted. James nodded and sat back down in his seat. "I figured he told you what happened." Harry's heart stopped. Was his son having sex? It was his worst nightmare. His son was having sex and he was learning all about it from his good friend. Forget the fruit basket, Harry was going to have Neville fired for encouraging his son to hop into his four-poster bed with a young girl. "You know…he caught me and Hugo in a broom cupboard." Harry inhaled nervously as his son rubbed the back of his neck. "We wanted to know how girls get boobs. Hugo found a pink brassiere , as Uncle Neville called it, and we were…you know…trying it on. He set us straight after he found us lurking around the girls bathroom and gave us the…well…talk…Hugo had a lot of questions," he said sheepishly. Harry felt overheated. He was sure he was on fire. He could not believe what he was hearing. He pursed his lips and thought with amusement how Ron would handle this story. He suddenly felt accomplished as a parent. Harry stood up and pushed his chair back, giving his son a big grin. "Great! So then we're good here, yeah?" He wanted to run off and hide for the rest of the day. Harry figured he had done enough parenting for the rest of the year or at least the summer. Ginny could handle everything related to their kids from now on. His son gave him an uneasy look and dropped his head into his hands, averting his gaze from his father once again. Harry felt his heart drop in his chest. He really couldn't handle much more. "Yeah, except…well…" he mumbled something to himself that Harry couldn't quite catch. "Well, what? If you have a question I can answer it," he said in a high pitched voice. "There is one…" "Alright." Harry waited impatiently for his son to ask his question. James looked up at his father with a puzzled expression. "Why do you keep your socks on?" Harry groaned. Author's Note: I wrote probably the first five hundred words to this story a few months ago but could never figure out where exactly I wanted to go with this. Inspiration struck when I was reading 'After Destiny' by CambAngst. We have two totally completely stories but I guess reading about Harry and Ginny getting it on helped me out here. I am blushing as I write this note. Ha-ha. Awkward. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this extremely long story. I feel for Harry. I do. Let me know what you think about the story in a comment below!