both of us. Instead, recount that I despised your father, and felt insurmountable grief for betraying your mother's friendship and love. If I gave my life for yours, then I consider it a small price for betraying your Mum, whom I desperately loved yet never had the courage to tell her. If I died in vain, then pity me for failing my one duty to you. " There is a book in my library at home that doesn't belong with the others. When you look inside that book, look on page 197. The page is charmed and will open a particular box on my desk. " You will want what that box contains, more than anything else in my possession. I ask for no pity or grief or even kind words. The only thing I ask is an honest accounting, at least by you. Since I have perished, I care not what you think of me. " Goodbye, Mr. Potter. I bid you a better life than the one I lived." Kingsley looked at Harry and Ginny, smirking. "Even in death, is is a bit dramatic. He has been since I first knew him at Hogwarts. But let's go to his residence, in Cokeworth, to find this particular book." Ginny stood and looked at both of them. "Harry, do you want me to come along?" Harry turned to Kingsley. "I see no problem with it. Do you want Ron and Hermione to come too?" "They've left for Australia two weeks ago, to retrieve her parents. She sent them away for safety once the War went hot." "Ah, well, very good then. Bring your wands and we'll apparate there." The three of them departed the Burrow to travel to Cokeworth. Harry tapped his repaired wand on the doorknob and felt the magic frisson across his skin. "How the bloody hell did he use blood wards to make it work?" "I dunno, sir, but if he set such for me, then we're following his instructions." Kingsley put his arm out and checked the residence before stepping inside the humble dwelling first. "Blimey, this place smells of old air." Harry stepped into the parlour and saw the entire room was covered over in books. Every shelf was filled with potions books, other books of interest that would be fitting in any library. "And I thought the Hogwarts library was vast. He's got so many books in here. I bet the entire cottage is covered in books." "I'm sure it is, Ginny." He looked around the room for a second before leaving, returning shortly thereafter. "The few traps have been disarmed, including the charms on the secret room. Someone lived in there but I can only guess who it might have been." "Kingsley, what would he have meant, a book that didn't belong in here . That makes no sense." Harry stopped and scanned the shelves. "Everything in here is related to potions or something regarding what he did, whether it was potions or Dark Arts or Defense against such. I don't know what he would mean by it." Kingsley scanned the shelves, quietly muttering to himself. "Ginny, do you have any idea?" "I'll start over here and keep looking." She picked the opposite corner from Harry and started reading the spines on books. "Don't touch anything unless you have to. I don't want anyone getting hurt in here." Yes, sir broke out the silence from the two younger guests. Harry continued to look and stopped at a particularly dusty corner of the room, far away from the antique desk still covered in parchment and quills. "I think I might have stumbled onto something." Kingsley came over and knelt down to where Harry was looking. Ginny joined Harry and smiled. "It can't hurt, Harry. Give it a try. That would be something Hermione would read for pleasure." Harry pulled the dust covered hardback from the shelf and blew away the remnants. Shakespeare was etched in flaking off gold on the spine. "Well, it seems to be the only one in here that wouldn't really belong." Kingsley wove his wand over it and deemed it safe. Ginny smiled. "He said he had that one page charmed. Try to open it, Harry." "It might be attuned to your particular wand. Give it a try," Kingsley added. Harry opened the book and found he couldn't open to that particular page. He pulled his wand from his trousers pocket and tapped the paper. It opened with a gold crack and there contained a piece of parchment with writing on it. He pulled it out and read the instructions aloud. "The container is in the charm-sealed drawer on the left side, middle drawer." A squeaking sound, much like broken glass, erupted from the desk. Both men turned and saw that the desk now had a third drawer on the left side, not previously noticed. "Wow. He charmed the page and made that one tiny location under a Fidelus charm. That's brilliant." Ginny smiled. "Yes it is, considering that no one for Voldemort's group would bother with a particular Muggle Book. I bet Hermione would like that one for her library." "I'll offer it to her," Harry muttered before looking at the desk. He opened the book to the front and saw the name Eileen Prince scribbled on the front interior of the book. "It appears to be his Mum's book. That would make some sense." Kingsley checked the desk further and smiled. "Your wand, so it's your prize, Harry." He stepped in front of the drawer and slid it open, hearing the soft slide of wood on wood shelving. Inside the drawer were hundreds of vials, containing silver wisp memories. "Bloody hell!" the men said in unison. "What are those?" Ginny stepped closer, trying to see the swirling silver vials. "Memories," Harry said in awe. "Hundreds of them, all for me." He looked at Kingsley. "He gave me something more precious than galleons. He gave me memories, and history."