have anything to do with Potter?" She heard her father asking in immense interest. "There were rumors that Mundungus left his post before the Dementors hit. Almost revealed himself in the process." He never trusted the scavenger of a man. Nothing he did was without some kind of payment or rare trade. Jake took a moment to find the right words but nothing beat the truth. He sighed in heavy graveness. "Makes one wonder why Mundungus needed to get away so quickly," Jacob said, confirming the rumors. "Yes, it is for the breach of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery that he committed." One could tell that he thought it was tedious. "He did nothing wrong, he was protecting himself and cousin." His mother clicked her tongue in disapproval of the trial. "Of course, he didn't," Ruffalo said in disgust. "We all know that the boy had a reason for breaking the law, the exception is there in case something like this occurs." Ruffalo shook his head disapprovingly, Jacob nodded in agreement. "More danger will come from everything. Cornelius has to keep everyone in this bubble of he actually is doing some good in our world." He snorted which was a very valid point. The Wizarding World had gone too long following blindly behind Fudge. "It's only a matter of time before people come to their senses. Sadly, it will be too late." He added grimly. "Albus asked if I would be able to join, possible speak on the boy's behalf." It made sense that Dumbledore would want people from the Order hidden in Harry's corner. Ruffalo sighed, Fudge was using this for his own advantage. Serena decided that was enough listening in, she couldn't really do anything. Her heart did go out to him though with everything that he had been through, he sure didn't need this added to the pile. The young woman was greeted by a soft hoot from Mo's cage upon her walking into the dark room. She turned on the light, making her way to her desk to do some pre-bedtime research. To her immense horror, neither journal was in their place. She remembered putting them there, had anyone stolen them? Her entire family was at dinner. So they couldn't have done it. Her window was closed, not one solidarity sign of a break in. Which meant that someone stole them magically. How? And why? Newt's journal was a supposed family heirloom, her prized possession. Maybe her Parents or Jake would know what to do. Serena went to leave the room again, when she saw an elderly wizard sitting on her bed. He had greyish short hair that was combed neatly underneath a maroon colored hat. His robes were a deep navy blue, they had the flair of a 1920's trench coat. Twinkling amused green eyes lifted from her journal that he was reading. "Who are you?" She was able to ask after a few moments of uncertain silence. "I have been reading your notations, they are brilliant. I love that you added Wrackspurts and Nargles," he said throughly impressed. "I considered writing both but people already thought that I was off my rocker..." He smiled pleased at the confused young woman. "Not many see magical creatures the way that we do." She was caught off guard by that. "Who are you? How did you get in here?" Serena said, having difficulty not sounding demanding. Instead of answering her questions, the strange man grabbed the suitcase and set it on the floor. "What are you doing with that? That is not your's." Not that she cared, Serena never wanted to claim it. Still, he shouldn't have been doing whatever he was doing with it. Maybe Jacob could have the Aurors take him away. He could be a murderer or a Death Eater. Then again, she would have been dead seconds ago. She reached for her wand just in case and put it in her hip pocket. As if reading her thoughts, he met her eyes again with an even wider smile. "They won't hear you, I used a silencing charm," he said while he leaned down to unlock the suitcase and open it. "Come on then." The next thing he did must have been the most peculiar thing that Serena had ever seen. Once he opened the suitcase, he entered it. Disappearing into it as if going down some stairs. Serena did a few double takes trying to make sense of what was going on. Honestly, questioning her own sanity. Had she been reading for too long? She marched to the door, if her parents couldn't hear her she could go get them. A beckoning whistle came from the suitcase along with the man's arm sticking out of it "If you are thinking about leaving, you can't. I charmed it to lock. Considering, you are an underaged witch, you can not use magic to open it." He wasn't wrong about that, which made her even more wary of him. His hand waved her again. "I'll tell you everything in the greenhouse." What greenhouse? In the suitcase? Impossible... Her logical side went into overdrive. Sure, the Wizarding World has strange things within it but even this was beyond what she thought was normal. And what if he was leading her to her death? Somewhere without witnesses. She gripped her wand's handle as she stepped up to the suitcase. The bottom had somehow become a flight of narrow wooden stairs, obviously heading somewhere. Serena glanced back at her closed door, she couldn't open it without the same repercussions happening to her that the Potter boy was now facing. It was becoming more clear that her only other option was to follow the man down to wherever he went to. There was sense of adventure she couldn't shake. The curiosity to see where this experience would lead her filled the young woman. She was hoping that it would be worth it, not her untimely demise.