too, panting lightly, as he tried to catch his breath. He liked seeing his juices marring Malfoy's perfect skin. "Nothing's wrong with me, I feel fucking fantastic," he chuckled. "We should probably clean up, lunch is almost over and Slughorn will no doubt be back any minute." Draco shook his head in disbelief. Trying to wrap his head around what had just happened. Had it really happened? He looked down at Potter's jizz again. Yes. Yes it had. Fuck! Didn't Potter see how fucking weird this was? - No, of course he didn't, he'd had a frigging year to get used to the idea. Good grief, but Draco had just tossed him off, in a damn classroom where anyone could have walk in on them, and not only that, he'd fucking liked it. Oh and the things he'd said. He cringed in rememberance. What the hell was he thinking?! Oh god, was it just him or was the room spinning? "Whoa, you OK?" Harry asked, concern evident in his tone. The brunette quickly cleaned himself up and righted his uniform before gripping Malfoy's arm and guiding him to a stool. "You look like you're about to pass out." he glanced at the blonds soiled hand and jumper and bit his lip. "Here, let me..." Oh for fucks sake, was Potter really cleaning his jizz off Draco's hand? Oh, this was just too much. "Potter, wha -" There was the telltale squeak of a door handle and then the classroom door was being thrown open. "Dear boys, have you not finished yet?" Professor Slughorn asked jovially as he entered the classroom. He looked at the two of them. Draco pale as a ghost and Harry... well, Harry, he looked very pleased with himself. "Why, Mr Malfoy, are you alright?" "He's feeling a bit dizzy sir," Harry spoke up and rubbed Draco's back soothingly, like a mother would a child. Malfoy stared at the brunette like he'd just witnessed McGonagall sticking a dildo up her arse, in other words, he looked horrified. He shook Potter's hand off with a flourish and stood up, pushing all thoughts of what had just happened to the furthest reaches of his mind. "No, no. I'm quite alright, Professor. In actual fact, I was just deliberating on how it is possible that someone who is held in such high regard by the whole Wizarding World," he gazed at Potter pointedly, "could be such a huge and unfathomable disappointment." Slughorn looked taken aback. He glanced at Harry who stretched his lips into a tight little smile and rocked back and forth on the balls of his feet. Malfoy let out a long suffering sigh. "Potter ruined our Potion again." "Oh, Harry, you didn't," Slughorn sighed, his eyes full of pity. "He did, just look at it, it's irreparable," Draco pointed to the cauldron and Slughorn turned to inspect it, muttering under his breath as he did. Harry elbowed Malfoy in the stomach for his troubles. " Dickhead ," he hissed in irritation and suddenly everything was right with the world again. Draco rubbed the sore spot and glared at him. "What? It's the truth," he hissed back. "I'm not that much of a disappointment," Harry whispered. "I did save the fucking world." Malfoy rolled his eyes and scoffed. "Oh spare me. Could your head get any bigger?" The brunette grinned. He was only teasing and both he and Malfoy knew it. "Well, I suppose I can let you both off just this once," Slughorn said, turning back to the boys. "Draco, I know that you usually excel at potion making and, Harry, well, you do OK. Sometimes ," he tilted his head to the side and frowned. "I must admit, you were better in 6th Year," he added, eyeing Harry for a few moments, and then he broke into a wide toothy smile. "Oh, I almost forgot, did I tell you that The Slug Club is meeting this Saturday evening? You should come along Harry. You too Draco." They both smiled and nodded. "Excellent," Slughorn clapped his hands together, thoroughly delighted. "Now, once you've both cleaned up, you can go to your next class. I will write you a note to explain why you're late." "I'll clean up sir," Harry offered. "After all, I did ruin the potion. Malfoy can go ahead to his next lesson." Draco frowned suspiciously. What the bloody hell was he up too? "Ah, very well," Slughorn smiled agreeably. "Yeah, I guess I owe Malfoy," Harry smirked at the blond. "In more ways than one," he winked and bit his bottom lip and Draco just about died on the spot. Luckily Slughorn wasn't paying attention. "Um, I - Yes. Fine," Draco stammered uncharacteristically. "Goodbye then." Harry snorted. The blond grabbed his bag and walked as casually as he could out of the classroom, swiftly closing the door behind him. He walked a little way down the corridor before stopping to slump against the stone wall. Holy shit. He ran his hands over his face. That had to be the weirdest hour of his life by far and, weirder still, he had a throbbing hard on the size of Jupiter. He sneaked a glance up and down the corridor and quickly slipped inside the nearest empty classroom. It didn't take long. He wanked himself fast and feverishly until he was coming with a sharp strangled moan, his semen splattering obscenely onto the cold stone floor. Afterwards he would swear that he didn't think of Potter while he did it, even though he most definitely did. Little did he know that from that moment on, Potter would be clouding his every sexual fantasy. Fucking Potter. ~END~ A/N: Thank you for reading, I do hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to check out my other stories which you will find on my profile and please follow me if you like smutty stories like this one and wish to read more :D. Oh and please review! Thank you.