was able to win anything, never was able to please anyone, never was able to even kill one single person. And I tried so hard to fit. So damn hard. Nothing ever worked. They shove it in my face every day, telling me what a worthless piece of scum I am. How can they think that I don't know this? I look at Luna, hoping that she could feel what I'm feeling, that she could truly know how it feels to be me. But she's turning blue from not breathing. She's trying to give me a peaceful atmosphere to work in. Doesn't she know that it soothes me, when I can feel her nearby with all the senses I have? She soothes me. Finally she lets out a long, exhausted breath, looking at me with those big, moon-coloured eyes. Her mouth is dry and she steals a sip from my mug of now-cold-coffee. "What is it?" She points at the parchment in which I've scribbled the ingredients of the untested potion. "You," I say and she looks confused. The smile that lights her face next makes me want to pull her closer. She knows. She can read me. "Let me." Luna takes the scroll from me, holding it in front of her. She only needs glasses to look like a genuine professor. "You could ask Harry's blood for the root as well," she murmurs, reading further. "He's more courageous than I am." "I don't need his blood," I snap, but regret it instantly. She just looks at me over the non-existent glasses, and turns back to the parchment. After ten long minutes, she hands it back, saying, "It's good." Good? Bloody hell. It's brilliant, and she knows it. She smiles behind her hand, trying to hide the fact that she's having fun at my expense. It's too much for me and I attack her, tickling her until she's weak laughing butter in my hands. It's only then that I notice that I'm still wearing nothing but the white towel, and she's lying underneath me, her eyes widening in realisation. I'm kneeling between her legs, my hands resting on either side of her shoulders. She's frozen, not breathing, not blinking, staring into my eyes, so similar to hers. Time stops, and I can't breathe either, all I can do is not collapse on top of her. Then, the most tentative touch of her exploring fingertips on my abdomen makes my breath hitch. I jerk back, almost getting up, when she grabs my arm, locking her eyes with mine. "No," she whispers, pulling me closer. There isn't much strength left in me, and since she's not letting go of my arm, I have no choice but to lower my body against hers. She feels so warm, so alive under me, and for a second there I let myself feel nothing but her. Without warning, she slides her hands past my sides and up my back, embracing me lightly, almost lovingly, as though unwilling to ever let me go. I bury my face into her hair, wishing, hoping that this isn't a dream. "Draco?" She pushes me up from my shoulders, and reluctantly, I let her do that. But it's not words she's looking for. She lifts her head just enough for her lips to be a breath away from mine. She moves under me, arching herself closer - and there's nothing else I can do. Just kiss her. Just take her. Just love her. Her lips are warm, like everything else about her. She opens up to me, spreading her legs, wrapping them around me. Her tongue tastes like honey, even though it doesn't, but she's all that to me: sweet honey, summer nights, and the scent of lilies in the wind. Right there, on the floor by the open bathroom door, over the spilled ink, I make love to her for the first time. Holding her near, I ask her to save me from the nothingness, beg her to forgive me everything, and when I breathe in her scent, when I lose myself within her, when I can sense nothing but her fingers curled around mine, I give in. I can't live without you. Afterwards, when I can feel myself again, I find it difficult not to touch her. I shower her face with little kisses, finding her closed lids endearing. I whisper nonsense to her ear. I can't move; I can't leave her. I want her to know that she's everything to me. I don't want her to disappear. I don't want it to end . Lying there eyes closed, she looks like the whole world is smiling with her. I adore you. Her words are not audible; she's not saying them to me. They are for her ears only, for her. She pulls me to a tight hug and for a second there we are engulfed entirely. I am a part of her; she is a part of me. Together we stagger to the shower, washing each other from the afterglow. I haven't seen her naked before, and if I wasn't so weak, I would take advantage of her there and then. She's such a gorgeous little girl-woman with her blonde, waist-length hair and small hips and breasts. I bite her shoulder just to spite her. She giggles. Luna Lovegood giggles and it sounds like fairy bells chiming. Could I ever run away from this, from her? "That," she says dreamily as we step out of the shower, "was rather wonderful." I couldn't agree more. When I look into the mirror over the sink, I see a young man with a pointy chin and long, blond hair. There is no sickly creature, just a normal flawed person. Can I live with that person? I shake my head, the hair framing my face, making me look like someone very much in love. It's just me. Can I live with myself? I will try. With every step, I'll try. The End