to clean up. "I want you to cut it off." Mrs. Saibhir was quiet for a moment. "Sweetie, are you sure? Your hair is beautiful, it would be a shame to get rid of—" " Cut it off ," she repeated, biting her lip. "It just keeps getting in the way, it's messy, it stays bloody for days at a time and then it needs to have it all washed and brushed out and it takes hours to do that… cut it off. All of it. Please , mum." Mrs. Saibhir cupped the back of her daughter's head for a moment before running her fingers through her hair. They caught in it several times, and came away red and sticky. "Alright," she said at last. "Daddy!" the little girl looked up from her book, smiling when her father entered the room with a tray of food. "Daddy, did you know that there was a werewolf who was awarded an Order of Merlin?" "I didn't," he said, sitting beside her and setting the tray down. "What's an Order of Merlin?" "It's an award thingy that the wizarding government gives to people who did great things for the wizarding world," she said. "And his name was Remus Lupin! He died in the Battle of Hogwarts, fighting one of You-Know-Who's Death Eaters. He has a son, and Harry Potter, the man who defeated You-Know-Who, is his godfather." She showed her father the moving illustration, then turned the page of the book. "And it says here that the Minister, Kingsley Shacklebolt, is working on putting in new… leg-ish-lation, to make it so werewolves are treated better." "That's very good of him," Mr. Saibhir said, running a hand over his daughter's head. Her hair was now so short she was nearly bald, and it pained him to see her reduced to a thin shell of her former vibrant self. She hardly ever got out of bed these days. "Maybe you should write to him and ask him to do something about those ars—those mean people at St. Mungo's." She looked away. "That's stupid, daddy." "Why's that?" "Just because he says he wants to help doesn't mean he does," she said, and his heart broke at the cynical bitterness coming from his daughter's mouth. "Especially not for people like me." Mr. and Mrs. Saibhir sat on the couch together, holding hands as they tried to read their respective books and ignore the howls coming from behind the basement door. "Do you think she'll be alright?" Mrs. Saibhir asked anxiously, not for the first time. "She'll be fine," her husband said, trying to reassure her as much as himself. "The night's almost over, she'll—" Both of them froze when they heard a terrible CRACK ... like the chains holding their daughter down had been torn from the wall. Barely a moment later, there was a horrific pounding shaking the door. "Run!" Mr. Saibhir said, grabbing his wife's hand and racing upstairs with her. He ran to the closet and threw open the door to find the safe, fingers fumbling as he rushed to undo the lock. From downstairs they heard the basement door splinter and the howl of the werewolf, then the pounding of paws as it began following their scent. Mr. Saibhir managed to get the safe open and grabbed the gun inside, loading it and aiming it at the door. Mrs. Saibhir picked up the bat beside their bed, swallowing down the lump in her throat and hoping desperately that they wouldn't have to kill their only child. The instant the werewolf came into view, Mr. Saibhir fired. His aim was true, and the bullet lodged itself in the werewolf's spine. The wolf collapsed with a yelp, still trying to drag itself forward on its front paws. "I'm so sorry, baby," Mr. Saibhir whispered, backing away. Mrs. Saibhir let out a quiet sob. The werewolf gave up on trying to drag itself forward and lay on the floor, whimpering, its eyes starting to dull as blood drained from the wound in its back. Mrs. Saibhir took a hesitant step forward, only to jump backwards when the wolf once more snapped at her. Gathering her courage, she grabbed a pillow from the bed and approached the wolf again. When the wolf bit, she shoved the pillow over its face. Feathers flew everywhere, but the damaged pillow gave Mrs. Saibhir the chance to close her hands over the wolf's jaws, holding them shut. The wolf gave a piteous moan, and Mrs. Saibhir looked over at her husband. "Help me stop the bleeding," she ordered. "If she can survive until sunrise, we can take her to St Mungo's, get her healed again." Mr. Saibhir nodded and grabbed a towel, hesitantly approaching the wolf. Seeing his wife had it safely restrained, he pressed the towel to the wolf's back. The wolf whimpered, front claws scrabbling uselessly against the wood floor. The remainder of the night night passed in silence, broken only by the almost pitiable whines of the wolf. Then the wolf screamed, beginning to writhe as the sun crept over the horizon. Mr. and Mrs. Saibhir could only move away and watch their daughter slowly transform back, screaming in pain all the while. When it was over, their ten year old daughter slowly lifted her head. "M-mum?" she rasped, coughing. Blood dribbled from the corners of her mouth. "What—?" Her eyes went huge when she realized where she was. "I didn't—?!" "We're fine, sweetheart," Mrs. Saibhir said, kneeling beside her daughter and pressing the towel to the wound on her back. "You... you managed to break out, but we're alright. Are you...?" She coughed again, more weakly this time. "I, I, I can't feel my legs," she said. "Mum, dad, I can't…" "We'll get you to St. Mungo's," Mr. Saibhir said, wiping his eyes. "Baby, I'm so sorry, I had to…" She nodded and closed her eyes. "It's okay, dad," she said weakly. "I'm glad you... stopped... me…"