you could. Do you understand dear?" Harry nodded. "Yes." "Good. Excuse me dear, I need to use the loo…" she said and got up, leaving Harry to stay with his thoughts. Is this how he felt about Hermione? Sure, she was pretty but he also appreciated her as a person. He enjoyed having her in his embrace and it was nice when she kissed him but it was much more than that. He looked back at the experiences he shared with her over the years. Like when they went back in time to save Sirius and Buckbeak and sat by the lake alone together for a few hours. He felt like they really bonded that evening. Just the two of them. Or that time she helped him learn the summoning charm for the first task during their fourth year. Despite having to stay up late at night for him, she didn't complain and he appreciated that and her help to this day… or when she tried to get a better life for house elves. At first, he was annoyed by it, but in hindsight, he came to appreciate her for the idea. Unlike most girls he met, she was special. She may have been a little bossy, but on the inside, she was a little fragile and insecure. Looking beyond that, she was endlessly kind and her compassion showed no bounds. Then it all made sense to him. Everything clicked and fell into place. Hermione was always by his side and they always got along so well because they could relate to each other. They were both kind and compassionate and knew how to appreciate those traits; how to appreciate each other. Knowing how he felt, Harry ran for the door, only to run into Molly again. "Where are you going Harry? It's freezing outside." "I have to see Hermione, it's an emergency. Thanks for the advice Molly." He said, grabbed his coat, and ran out, soon to disappear with a loud crack. Harry soon found himself in the suburbs of London. It was snowing, and the streets were covered in snow and there were Christmas lights, trees, and decorations everywhere. Harry looked around him. He was so excited, he realized he apperated into the wrong part of the neighborhood. Hermione's apartment was a few blocks away. So he ran for her flat as fast as his legs could carry him. He ran as if his life depended on it. As if it seemed she would slip away from him if he didn't run fast enough, as the snow began to pile up on his coat and messy hair… Hermione sat sadly by her Christmas tree, celebrating her favorite holiday all alone. She considered celebrating the holiday with a group the church arranged for people who were alone for the holiday. But doing so would be too humiliating for her and would make her feel worse. She reached for a plate and ate the third round of Christmas cookies she made that evening and downed another shot of eggnog. Suddenly she was startled to hear someone pounding on her door. Who would visit her on Christmas Eve and at this hour? She approached the door and spoke to it. "Who is it?" she asked. "Hermione it's me! Can you open the door?" came a voice she knew all too well. "Harry?" she asked, surprised and hurried to open the door and was shocked to find the man she loved standing at her doorstop on Christmas Eve, panting, and covered with snow. "Harry what's going on? I thought you were supposed to be at the Weasles…" "I was…," he panted. "So why aren't you still?" she asked. "Because I realized something…," he said. "And what's that?" she asked, "That I love you." He said. Her eyes widened in shock. "I love you with all my heart Hermione, more than anything. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you, no matter what happens…" he said with a smile, the same boyish smile she's always loved. It took her a few seconds to recover from her shock. When she did, she sighed happily and smiled. "Oh Harry…" she said happily, wrapped her arms around his neck, and brought him into the best kiss of her life. She pressed her lips against his, never wanting to let go as he held her in his arms and kissed her passionately, happily. He kicked the door closed, to keep the room warm. They made out like there was no tomorrow. Once they parted, Hermione asked "Will you stay with me tonight?" she asked. He smirked and leaned forward to kiss her again. "Yes." He said happily and led her to the bedroom. He closed the door behind them as they shared a bed and made love for the first time. Things went by rather quickly since then. Several weeks after he confessed his love for her, Harry proposed marriage to his beloved Hermione. An offer she gladly accepted. In the weeks leading up the wedding, they couldn't keep apart from one another. As if they had to make up for the lost time when they were not together. Finally, their wedding day has come and gone. All their friends and family attended and everyone was happy. But no one was happier than Harry and Hermione. Over the years, they gave birth to and raised three kids. A son and two daughters. One who they named James and the other two who they named Lily and Jane. The young couple and family were as happy as they could ever wish to be and that's what mattered. Despite taking their time, the two lovebirds have found each other and they loved one another very much, and they couldn't be happier about it. That was all that mattered… The end… So there's another record breaker. Hope you guys liked it. And if you would kindly leave a review I'd greatly appreciate it. Peace out everyone…