gone through that five times already. You should be going through it again, but you would doubtlessly bumble around and die again. I'm allowing you to keep your memories this time around, as the knowledge would doubtlessly be an advantage. That includes remembering the afterlife, however. And if you get any smart ideas about telling people, then go ahead. Tell people if you want. Do you really think they'll believe you?" "Ok, I get it, don't tell anyone," Harry snapped in annoyance. "You're moving a bit too fast here. I'm not going to the afterlife?" "Ah," the skeleton said, it's voice gentler this time. "About that. You won't see them for another century or so until you die on the planned date. Should you fail your destiny a seventh time, and die prematurely, your soul shall be automatically resurrected and targeted for termination." " Targeted for termination?! " "Your existence would be deemed a failure, and you would be considered a loose end. You would have to be removed from existence in order to prevent you from messing with Destiny any further. The only reason you wouldn't be wiped away is simply if Morgan decided to have some fun. Morgan struggles to smile you see. For an omnipotent being, he's awfully grumpy. Your chances are a bit slim on that front." It explained kindly, as if it hadn't just told him that failure meant being wiped from the face of the planet. "And what would happen to Hermione?" Harry asked frantically. "If I fail, what happens to her?" "Your soul-partner? She continues through life never finding love," The Validator would have winced if it could. "Ok," Harry swallowed. "Don't die. No pressure. No sweat. Don't panic." "That's the spirit," The skeleton said jovially, ignoring his sarcasm. "I'll give you a moment to look over your previous deaths before you are sent back." Harry stared blankly at the skeleton, before it cleared a throat it didn't have, and gestured to a small paper file that had materialised. Harry gingerly picked it up and opened it delicately. Only one piece of paper was contained inside and he picked it up as though it might burn him, reading it with trembling hands. Unauthorised Death Events. (UDE's) UDE #1) Potter, Harry James, devoured by basilisk. UDE #2) Potter, Harry James, mauled by werewolf whilst protecting soul-partner. UDE #3) Potter, Harry James, killed by dragon. UDE #4) Potter, Harry James, killed by intercepting killing curse meant for Diggory, Cedric Amos. UDE #5) Potter, Harry James, fell through Gateway protecting soul-partner. UDE #6) Potter, Harry James, fell to death after floor collapse. POTTER, HARRY JAMES REQUIRES ONE MORE UNAUTHORISED DEATH EVENT BEFORE THE SUBJECTS SOUL IS TARGETED FOR TERMINATION. "Any questions?" Harry looked up at the Validator, and numbly shook his head. "Good. Upon your return, I'll know if you have any that you haven't thought of right now, and shall appear to you in private. Wouldn't do to have anyone see me now, would it? Well, not that they could see me anyway. Anyway, prepare for temporal displacement." The skeleton stood up, and smoothed out his navy pinstriped suit. It adjusted its tie, and angled its hat as though looking in an invisible mirror that Harry couldn't see. "You seem awfully accepting of this," the Validator remarked. "I hope you're taking it seriously. This is not something to be taken lightly. I will not be fired because of you. Get it right this time. And make sure to actually end up with your soulmate this time. The boys and girls in Soul-Connections aren't very happy with you neglecting this, and neither am I. It reflects badly on me yet again, you see. What good am I if I can't guide a simple mortal to another? I've told Morgan time and time again that it is not my job to play matchmaker, and he never listens." Harry stood, and nervously twiddled his thumbs. "You just stand there. Normally, I'd have you sign a form so that you lose your memories of this place and your past lives, but we've already deemed that unnecessary..." The skeleton murmured as it waved complex patterns in the air. The space around the Validator shimmered slightly, and iridescent purple light illuminated the dim room. "You may think that I've gone over this awfully quickly, and I probably have, but you're going to remember every word I've said with remarkable clarity; so I advise you go over this meeting in your head a good few times to try and recall everything in detail. Remember, I'll be able to help if there are things I've forgotten to inform you of. That happens far more than you would think." Harry was a bit too shocked to speak, and simply nodded unthinkingly. There was so much information he needed to take in. Hermione was his soulmate...and it was quite l iterally a match made in heaven. But he wasn't going to see his family for another hundred years. That very fact caused an ache in Harry's chest, but he didn't have time to contemplate it as the Validator stepped unnervingly to Harry, it's skull catching the light awkwardly, shadowing the depthless eye sockets and bone features further. It placed a gloved finger on Harry's forehead. "Good luck," The Validator said, and flicked, causing Harry to fly backwards as though he was falling down the well of time itself. A/N: 20 points to everyone who knows who the Validator is. Keep it a secret, though. I don't want everyone to know, cause it'll really infuriate them and that makes me giggle. Don't ruin the fun. So that's the first chapter on my take of Reptillia28's 'Don't Fear the Reaper' challenge. I hope you enjoyed it, and review if you did. Just so I know whether to continue this or not. Special thanks to Yuilhan once more, for more amazing beta'ing. You can't tell how much it's been improved since I sent it off to be beta'd...