darting around. His eyes landed on Jackson. "So sorry," he said. "I dozed off for a minute there." He rubbed his face and looked at Jackson and the two boys who were behind him. "Hello there. Jaeger Jonker, at your service. How can I help you?" "We're here to find wands for these boys here," Jackson answered, waving over to Miles and Kade. "It's their first year at Ilvermorny." "Ah yes, I see," Jaeger said, standing to his feet. "I'll start with the blond one." "Miles, up front," Jackson said, nodding ahead. Miles walked over to the Wandmaker who began to work with him and find his wand while Kade began to walk around. He went over to a wall where a photograph sat. It was a pictire of a man, smiling as he created a wand. There was a name plaque under the photograph which said: Johannes Jonker, the Beginning of a Wondrous Generation of Wandmakers. Kade suddenly felt a hand upon his shoulder. He looked up to see his Uncle. "Johannes Jonker," he said with a smile. "One of four of the greatest Wandmakers here in America. My father actually knew him. And I had the privilege to buy one of his last wands." "What's so great about him?" Kade asked. "He was born to No-maj parents," Jackson answered. "One of the first No-maj-born to become a wandmaker, and a great one at that. There was no wand of his that wasn't any kind of special." Kade nodded in understanding. "Next?" Jaeger called. Kade turned around, seeing Miles smiling happily walking over to his father with a box in his hand. Kade then walked over to the wandmaker. "Hi," he greeted. "Hello," Jaeger said with a nod. "Jaeger. Strange name, I know." Kade smiled and said, "Kade." "Now, Which is your wand arm?" the wand maker asked. Kade instinctively held up his right arm. "Right." he answered. "All right, hold out your right arm," Jaeger said and pulled out a measuring tape from his pocket, starting to take measurements of strange areas on Kade's body, from his knee to armpit and around his head, which Kade thought was strange. "This is going to help you find out what wand is best for me?" Kade asked as the tape measure zipper around his body. "It certainly helps, Kade," Jaeger answered. "Wandmaking is a precise magic. We wandmakers would want you to have the wand the fits you most perfectly. You see, each wand has a core of a powerful magical substance. Every core has a different sample of a different kind of creature, such as Unicorns, Phoenix tale feathers, heartstrings of dragons, ecetera. Yet no two wands are ever the same, just as no two creatures are quite the same, though there has been one instance of this years back, sometime in Britain." Kade nodded suddenly remembering about a breakout war in Britain some odd years ago with a dark wizard who stopped by a teenage boy. Kade wondered how such a boy could defeat such a strong wizard. "The wand I give you is yours and yours alone," Jaeger continued, "And, of course, you will never get such good results with another wizard's wand. You see, Kade, The wand chooses the wizard." Kade stared at the man curiously, interested in what the elder was saying. Suddenly, the tape measure magically fell to the ground and Jaeger stood in front of Kade, staring into his eyes. He furrowed his brow. "You're of Native descent?" Kade nodded. "My father was a Native American," he answered. Jaeger rubbed his chin pensively. He turned his head upwards towards a top shelf where a single box lay, covered in dust as it had been there for centuries. Jaeger magically pulled a ladder over to the shelf so he could retrieve this wand. Moment later, Jaeger walked over to Kade and handed him the box. "This is a wand my grandfather made," he began to say, "I believe it's one of the last ones he ever made." He opened the box to reveal a lightly golden wand with an oak-colored handle. Kade reached over and grasped the wand. He felt something. A warm sensation vibrated from the wand, to his hand, and throughout his body. It was as if something had awoked inside of him. And Kade knew that this wand had chosen him to be its wizard. He smiled when the sensation vanished and looked up at Jaeger who smiled down at him. "Looks like you've got your wand," he said. "That is an oak wand with the core of a Thunderbird tail feather. Unfortunately the last of its kind." "Why is that?" Kade asked. Jaeger shrugged and smirked, "I'd say it'd be me being to afraid to get close to a Thunderbird," he answered. Kade smiled, but it then faltered. "What is it?" "You said it the last of its kind," Kade spoke. "I was just thinking that since it was the last one, it'd make me someone special." Kade looked up at Jaeger. "But it's not. And I'm not special." Jaeger smiled sadly and knelt in front of Kade. "Let me tell you something, Kade," he began, "Not one person is the same. They're all one of a kind, and so are you. There is something here - " Jaeger pointed at Kade's heart. "That make's you, who you are. And that is what makes you special. Don't let anyone tell you any different." Kade nodded. "And who knows, maybe you will become someone very extra special in this world." And with that, Jaeger stood up and walked over to the counter to ring up the two wands. A/n: I hope you liked it! More hopefully soon. And if you are a fan of my Josh Black stories. You guys need to be patient with me. I am still working on the basic, but I do have an outside life. But please, be patient. Book 6 will be out one day.