were just like home. McGonagall gave a welcome speech that would be worthy of Dumbledore's approval. Being back at school was so bitter sweet. Even though we lost Fred here, I don't feel as sorry as I thought I would. Fred may have died here, but he lived here so much more. I pass hallways and rooms where he and George preformed some of their best "work" and I felt closer to him than I have since May. I hope this letter makes it to you and I here from you soon. My class list is pretty packed so my letters may stay short but I promise to write you as often as I can. Love always, Ginny Dear Harry, I am absolutely furious. My last letter was four days ago. I finally got curious enough about Hermione's absence that I questioned McGonagall until she told me that it would be best to hear it from my parents. She contacted them through the fire in her office and got them to agree to come to school and speak to me in person. How happy was I to hear that my boyfriend was severely hurt and no one thought it was important to tell me?! They claimed it was to protect me and so I could focus on my school work because that was what is important at this point. How dare they tell me what should be important to me. They don't know what I feel and they couldn't understand. I'm worried sick about you. Just pull through, for me. You made a promise and I expect you to honor it. They won't let me come see you. They say I won't take it well. They also won't tell me how serious it is and that I need to be patient. I'll write again soon. Love always, Ginny Dear Harry, It's been three days and I still have no more information than what I had at the time of my last letter. I am worried sick and I can't take much more. If they don't respond to my request soon, I will take my broom and fly to St. Mungo's myself and find out. I need to know that you are okay. Please be okay. Love always, Ginny Dear Harry, Mom won't tell me exactly what is going on but Dad thinks that I deserve to know everything that is happening. He says it's serious but that you will be fine. He said you suffered from what muggles call a concussion? I had to have one of the seventh year muggle borns to explain it to me. Dad said you'll be fine and that as soon as you wake up, I can come see you. I miss you and I am so scared. I knew being with you might have its moments due to the line of work you chose but I thought after you killed Voldemort, I would never have to be afraid that you would never come home. The new defense against the dark arts teacher is impressive and I really think you would approve of his teaching methods. We have learned more in a week than we need in six years of schooling. Everyone here keeps saying you should come and teach us as well. How funny would it be if was snogging the teacher. I have to keep my humor so I don't lose my mind. I'll write when I can. Love always, Ginny Dear Harry, It's been longer than my last letter than I anticipated. Dad told me that you woke up briefly but you were only conscience for a few minutes before you passed back out. He said you look loads better but you may have some scars and it may take you some time to get back in to your head. Hagrid said he sat with you a few days ago and he seems to think you look like you got in a bar brawl and you are just sleeping it off. He was kind enough to pull me aside after class and tell me that you murmur in your sleep and sometimes he can make out my name. Luna told me to send all her love as well and that she will do some sort of dance in the quidditch field barefoot during the next rain to ensure the wrackspurts don't make their way in to your unconscious mind. She is kind as no other but as odd as they come. Neville has been writing as well. He seems to be doing well. He's been traveling and studying exotic plants. He might meet up with Luna and I on our first Hogsmeade trip if he is back in the country by then. I'm thinking of. Love always, Ginny There were a few more letters but Harry couldn't make himself ready anymore. His eyes burned and he was feeling weak again. Harry lifted his face directly forward, almost staring at the wall. He began to whisper so low that Fred had to fight to hear his voice. " Fred,mate,if you are here. I want to thank you. Bits and pieces of that night are coming back to me and it just doesn't add up. I'm convinced you were there with me and played some sort of role that led to me making it out alive. I dreamt of you. I talked to you. But…it didn't feel like a dream. It felt real. You were as real to me as Hermione and Ron just were. I'll see Ginny again soon and I'll give her a hug for you." Fred watched as Harry's eyes fluttered to fight the sleep but ultimately failed and dream state won. He knew at this point, that Harry was fine and there was no longer any reason to worry. His friend was in good hands and finally back to a conscience state. Taking one last look in to the room, Fred closed his eyes and was gone from the hospital.