He reached the statue and swallowed nervously. How did you get access to the office without a password? Did you just knock? Harry nodded to himself, and rapped his knuckles on the stone head of the gargoyle once, before hissing and snatching his hand back. Lesson learned: Don't hit stone. Blowing on his knuckles, he huffed slightly. Trying multiple different types of sweets didn't seem to work, and he was about to turn away when he heard a low chuckling. "The Headmaster has agreed to allow you entry." The gargoyle smirked, before jumping aside to reveal the staircase beyond. "Oh, now he's agreed to let me i- wait. Has he been watching this whole time?" Harry raged. Snickering, the gargoyle nodded. "Jammy, child-labouring, whiskey old dodder," Harry murmured to himself angrily as he made his way up the stairs and knocked on the door at the top of them. "Come in," called the suave voice of Professor Dumbledore. "Do not let the door slam behind you." Harry grumbled as he entered the room, gently closing the door behind him and making his way towards the desk. As he entered the room, he suddenly felt nervous and all anger was forgotten. Now he was just a thirteen year old boy in the Headmaster's office, and whether he was there by choice or not, it was never a good place to be in your school years. It was when Dumbledore asked the reason for his being here that the ridiculousness of the whole situation struck him. Time travel was real. Not only was it real, it was controlled by a fourteen year old girl, who just so happened to be his best friend. He knew this because of crazy dreams from the future that he couldn't possibly explain. Professor Lupin was a werewolf. Sirius Black was a dog. Sirius black was innocent, and Scabbers, of all creatures, was the true traitor to his parents death. He married Hermione in the future. Of course, the biggest one being that Voldemort returns. Now that was a huge one. Finding all of this out in the space of a morning was enough to make anybody's head explode. "I think I'm going mad, Professor." Harry told the older man meekly. "Harry," Dumbledore said gently, leaning forward. "I'm sure that's not the case. Please tell me why you have drawn this conclusion." So he did. He told Dumbledore everything. From waking up that morning, to the first dream, to the second dream, every tiny detail, every word said. About the impossibility of it, but the apparent realism as he had accurately predicted Hermione's time turner, which Dumbledore agreed nobody could know about. He told him about reflexes he hadn't previously had, and routines that he had never run but now screamed for him to do in his head. At the end of it all, Dumbledore just sat there in silence. "I do not believe you are mad, Harry. Some of those things you just cannot have made up. And if they are true, then logic dictates that the rest is also. Only time will tell." Dumbledore said quietly. "I'm not sure that there is anything I can do Harry, other than tell you these nuggets of information. The reason you got these memories is likely because of an event that the you from the future caused. I haven't heard of something along these lines happening before, but there is always a first for everything. The fact that I have not heard of any events like this is no great testimony either. Why would I have heard, if the future has been changed? This could have happened a thousand times, and altered the lives we were meant to live without us even knowing. I will need you to come back to the office after dinner tonight. There is much you have given me to ponder over, and even more you have given us to discuss. Before you go Harry, you must know that these 'flashes' are likely going to continue. If a future version of you has, in fact, sent his memories back, then you will be getting all of these, an alternate history right from that Harry's earliest memory. I beg of you to not tell anybody this just yet Harry. Not even your friends. And remember, that whatever you see, do not act on it. You can't rewrite history, Harry, not one line. That much is imperative." Dumbledore finished seriously. "Come back tonight. We shall talk more then. Thank you for coming to me with this, Harry." And so Harry left Dumbledore's office, three times more confused than when he had entered. It was going to be a long day waiting for dinner. a/n: Reupload cause likes to screw with me. This is why I mostl stick to hpfanficarchive. As you can likely tell from my stories, I just write down ideas that spring to mind and see where they go. That's kind of the reason I haven't gotten too far on my other stories. I get an idea, I write it down and send it out and usually never think of it again for quite some time. I don't just write them down quickly, either. My chapters are (on average) a short 3,000 - 4,000 words long and it takes me like three weeks to write one. I'm not the best at this by any stretch of the imagination, and I have little to no clue what I'm doing. I try and update as often as I can, but sometimes I just can't get into the writing mood, or I'll be distracted. I get distracted easily. Like now. I seem to have lost track of this little AN, and I'm not sure where it's going, but I know where it started and that's what I want you to remember. Anyway, leave a review if you enjoyed it. I might not write very quickly, but I love reading the reviews. It makes it all worth it.