Sirius concernedly asked. Josh looked at his mother. "Mum, John was murdered," he told them, "And they thought I had something to do with it." "That's horrible!" Sandra cried, holding onto her son, "Of course you didn't do it." Josh nodded in agreement. He knew he didn't do it, even if he did hate the man. John Anderson wasn't worth his time. "But who would kill him?" Draco asked as the family began to move and leave, except for Sirius who Josh noticed stayed back to talk to Kingsley. Josh figured Sirius was thanking him for getting Josh out, and probably talking about Order stuff, to which Josh no longer had any interest in. He didn't want to hear any of it because he was done. Josh was done being involved. He was going to let Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor Golden Trio handle it all. From now on, Josh was on the sidelines, to keep those he loved away from harm. But what Josh didn't know, was that in times of war, one must do what is necessary to protect the ones he loved; And that is the lesson he has yet to learn. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Dumbledore sat the Slytherin Ring on his desk. It was the middle of the night. He had done his research on destroying Horcruxes, and one of the ways was with Basilisk venom. In Dumbledore's hand, was the sword of Gryffindor. He knew that the Sword of Gryffindor would be able to destroy the ring as the sword hand been imbued with Basilisk Venom when Harry Potter used it to slay the Basilisk. Dumbledore grasped the sword and raised it over his head. "Albus," a whispery voice said. "Albus." Dumbledore lowered the sword and glanced around for the voice, but no one else was in his office. "Albus," the voice whisperly laughed. Dumbledore felt in his heart that this voice was very familiar. He turned back towards his desk to see a figure. He smiled. It was Arianna. "Albus." she smiled. Tears welled up in Dumbledore's eyes. "What are you doing?" she asked, looking at him curiously. "I'm...I have to...destroy this horcrux," Dumbledore answered, trying to hold back his oncoming tears. Arianna looked at the ring and back at her older brother. "Why?" she asked. "Because it's dark magic," Dumbledore replied, "It must be destroyed." Arianna smiled, taking a few steps towards Dumbledore. "It doesn't have to be destroyed," she said lightly. "Just leave it be. Let it sit and we can see each other every day. Don't you want that?" Dumbledore smiled at the thought of seeing his sister everyday. That would be something wouldn't it? Dumbledore took a step forward. "How about this?" Arianna began walking to the front of the desk. "Why don't you put the ring on, and then we can see each other forever." He reached out with his cursed hand, but then he stopped looking at his hand. That's what he remembered that he couldn't put the ring on or it would kill him. The ring was cursed with a soul, his soul. It was a horcrux and he had to destroy it. He stepped back and clasped the sword. "Albus," Arianna spoke worriedly. "What are you doing?" "I have to destroy the horcrux," Albus spoke raising the sword. "I have to destroy the ring!" "But you can't," Arianna pleaded. "If you destroy it, you will no longer be able to see me! Do you want that? Not able to see your sister again? I will be gone again." "It's okay," Albus replied with assurance. "The dead are never really gone. And I am close to see you again." Dumbledore took a step closer, but suddenly, there was a high pitched scream coming from Arianna. Heavy winds pushed against him. Dumbledore glanced towards Arianna and was shocked against her new appearance. Her skin was pale with red eyes, pointy teeth, and claws. She was screaming, trying to scare Dumbledore, but he was not that phased. Dumbledore raised the sword a Gryffindor. "I am sorry, Arianna," he said. "I will see you again." Dumbledore brought the sword down, striking the ring. There was a blast of magic as Dumbledore was tossed back into the wall. He heard a loud dying wail, looking up to see a black wisp of smoke coming out of the ring and slowly disappearing. Dumbledore sighed in relief, knowing that the horcrux was destroyed, but as he glanced around. His sister was now gone. He dropped the sword, curled up, and began to cry. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx There was a loud dying wail and three sets of ears had woken up from its call; all sweaty and breathing heavily, wondering what the hell had just happened. A/n2: Well there you have it! Josh is back! And we have a few scenes away from him. Ollivander being kidnapped, Cyrus on a small mission, and then Dumbledore's curse and destruction of the second horcrux. Just a few things to talk about here. You remember Cyrus's mission right? From the last book? It's seems he has started with his younger cousin trying to get him framed. Is it going to work? You will see. So, yes the horcrux thing is in my story. Harry's story is basically the same with a few differences, like love interest. It won't be Ginny. She will stay with Dean. Josh is with Daphne, Ron is single, who do you think his lover is? I have already chosen. Tracey has lost her love. So she will be drilled with revenge. She will be different. Hermione is the same, but no love connection between her and Ron. And Ron has finally come around, and you'll see why. What else can I tell you guys? Josh doesn't want to be apart of this war, but we all know that that isn't going to last. But Josh's family has now come together with new additions like Draco and Rina and soon to be a new baby sibling.