up,' he replied. 'That explains a lot what has puzzled me about you, Harry. You always acted so clueless.' 'Uh?' She laughed, putting a strand of her hair behind her ear. 'I'll tell you later. Just let me explain what's on my mind right now, will you?' 'Go ahead,' he nodded. 'Most pureblood males think themselves superior to women. Though that attitude was about to die out at the beginning of the century, it got a new upswing when the Dork Lord rose to power.' She could barely make out his face in the dim light, but she saw that he scrunched his face in disgust. 'Seems that a lot of horrible attitudes got an upswing when he came;' he said. 'By the way you talk about him you're not one of his supporters, I guess?' Daphne let out a harsh laugh. 'I'd rather rot in hell. Mind you, foremost I'm a Slytherin and my first instinct will always be to run away rather than to fight, but when it comes to the Dork Lord, I'll consider my priorities. I hate what he did to us pureblood women. He knows nothing about our culture. Under the Dork Lord, proud witches were reduced to mere birthing machines, only good enough to pop out more little pureblood Death Eaters, but not allowed to have rights of their own. I blame him for the attitude the male members of our house show towards us girls. He's the reason why blatant sexual harassment and even rape are tolerated in Slytherin.' She took a deep breath and went on, much less agitated, 'I've seen it happen too many times in my house over the years. It happened to Gemma, and it happened to Pansy and Millie.' Harry took her hand. He hesitated. Then he asked, 'Did it happen to you, too?' Daphne shook her head. 'Fortunately, no. Or not yet, I'd rather say. I've always dreaded it. To be forced to -,' she stopped, unable to continue, and he squeezed her hand in silent support. 'That's why I made the decision to just go with the effects of the Potion tonight. I was so afraid my first time would be a rape. Everyone knows you are kind and considerate, Harry. You're very easy on the eyes, too. There aren't men like you in Slytherin, so the decision was easy for me. You've been gentle and tender. You made me feel loved and wanted, even though we were tricked into this. No girl can expect more of her first time, and I want to thank you for that.' A small tear trickled down her cheek. Harry reached out with his hand and wiped it away with his thumb. Then he cupped her cheek with his hand. 'You're welcome,' he whispered. 'Come here.' He pulled her down towards him and wrapped her in his arms. Then their lips met. This kiss was completely different from the first kiss they shared. It was tender and gentle; it spoke of hurt and healing and impending loss. Finally, Daphne broke the kiss. 'We've got to get back to our dorms,' she whispered. 'Yeah,' Harry agreed and kissed her again. 'I don't want to go,' Daphne said after a rather long time. 'Neither do I.' Harry replied, still holding her tight to him. Daphne drew little circles on his bare chest with her finger. 'I still feel rather affectionate, you know. Merlin, I don't know whether I should curse whoever did that to us or thank them on my knees!' That had them both chuckling. 'I guess we're both still feeling the lingering effects of the Potion. I have no idea how long it will last or how we should handle it,' Harry finally said. She gave him a wicked grin. 'I'd still say go with it to get it out of our system and enjoy it while it lasts.' 'Woman, you'll be the death of me!' Harry snorted. 'And you'll enjoy every minute,' she replied and kissed him again, which eventually led to a repetition of their former activities. Afterwards, they held each other in their arms, listening to their heartbeats. 'We've got to go,' Harry finally said. She nodded mutely. They dressed silently, not really wanting to part. Daphne opened the door of the broom-closet and stepped out. She bent down and picked up their wands from the floor in front of the closet. She pocketed hers and held his out to him. 'Your wand, Harry.' 'Thanks,' he said. Instead grabbing his wand, he grabbed her wrist. 'When will we meet again?' They both knew there was no doubt they had to see each other again. She worried her lower lip with her teeth. 'We'll have to be very careful. Whoever did this to us, is out to humiliate us. Besides, the Boy-Who-Lived and a Slytherin? The gossip mongers at school will think Christmas has come early. Not to mention what our friends will say.' Harry grimaced, and she could easily imagine his thoughts. She didn't want to tell that bigot Weasel, either, if she were in his shoes. She still looked at him, worrying her lip between her teeth. 'On the sixth floor in the north wing of the castle is a row of unused storerooms. Nobody ever comes there. Meet me there after dinner. It's the second room on the right side.' 'I'll be there,' he promised. 'Now, let's get back to our dorms without Filch catching us.' 'Dipsy!' she called, hoping her elf would answer this time. To her relief the small elf popped up beside her immediately. 'Miss Daffy called Dipsy?' she asked. 'Please, take me back to my dorm, Dipsy,' Daphne said. She leaned forward and kissed Harry's cheek. 'See you tonight, Harry.' She grabbed Dipsy's small hand, her eyes never leaving his face. He stood in the hallway, his hand touching his cheek where she had kissed him, and smiling softly. That was the last thing she saw when Dipsy popped her away.