Stinging Hex when he tried to peek into one of the bags. 'Ouch!' he moaned and rubbed his behind. 'I'd never have thought you belong to those wives who abuse their husbands!' 'Crybaby!' she mocked. 'By the way, that's not called abuse, but proper training of new husbands!' He narrowed his eyes at her and made one step towards her. Laughing, she gathered her bags and fled up to their room. MY Saturday came sooner than they would have thought. In the morning, Daphne packed the suitcases for both of them. Harry made an attempt to help her, but she shooed him away when she discovered that he had put his shoes on top of the pile of freshly ironed shirts. In the afternoon, they visited Andy and Teddy. Harry could feel Daphne's nervousness when he Side-Along-Apparated her to Andy's backyard. He took her hand when they walked up to the door. 'Don't worry, Daphne. Andy's great. She knows everything about us and I'm sure she won't give you a hard time about it. And Teddy's just the sweetest baby you can imagine.' He knocked on the door that was opened by Andy seconds later. 'Hello Harry!' She then turned to Daphne. 'And you must be Daphne! Nice to meet you. I guess we'll be going to see quite a lot of each other, so there's no need to be formal. Call me Andy, please!' 'Nice to meet you, too, Andy. Harry speaks very highly of you,' Daphne replied, blushing, and shook Andromeda's hand. 'Does he, indeed?' Andy asked and stepped aside to let them into the house. She led them to the living room, all the while exchanging pleasantries with Daphne. Teddy lay in his pram, quietly playing with his fingers. 'Here's the most precious baby in the world. Let me introduce you to my grandson Edward Remus Lupin. But we call him Teddy.' Daphne bent over the pram. At the sight of the unfamiliar face the infant frowned. For a second, it seemed as if Teddy was about to burst out into tears, but when Daphne tickled his tummy and said, 'Hello Teddy! It's great to finally meet you. Your godfather told me so much about you!' the little boy broke out into a delighted toothless giggle. 'You can take him out of the pram,' Andromeda encouraged her. With a cautiousness that betrayed her inexperience in dealing with infants, Daphne gathered the little boy in her arms, instinctively supporting his little head with one hand, and hugged him to her chest. Teddy snuggled up to her, gurgling happily, and his tuft of hair changed colours in quick succession. 'Oh, he's a Metamorphmagus!' Daphne exclaimed. 'You are a very special boy,' she told the infant on her arm and dropped a kiss on his silky hair. Harry and Andromeda shared a smile. Daphne looked up. 'You said his last name is Lupin. Is he related to Professor Lupin?' 'He was his father,' Harry explained and stepped beside Daphne to tickle his godson's cheek. 'He was a close friend of my parents and married Andy's only daughter, who also was a friend of mine. Teddy's parents were both killed at the Battle of Hogwarts.' 'I'm sorry, Andy!' Daphne said softly. Andy smiled at her, though she wiped a tear from her eye. 'I won't deny that it's hard to lose your only child. But I still have Teddy, and I got Harry out of it. He's been a great help, and Teddy adores him.' Daphne looked up and smiled at her husband. 'That I can believe easily! Harry is nothing but considerate!' Harry blushed at her praise. His blush became even harder when Andromeda said, 'That's right. You've found a good husband, Daphne;' and Daphne simply answered, 'I know.' They followed Andy into the kitchen. It was time for Teddy's bottle, but when Harry tried to take his godson out of Daphne's arms to feed him, the baby put up a fuss. 'It seems I've just been replaced as Teddy's favourite person,' Harry laughed and handed his wife the bottle. 'Here, let me show you how to feed him.' But there wasn't really much he had to teach her. Daphne seemed to be a natural with Teddy, and her initial cautiousness soon was replaced with quiet confidence. She gave Teddy his bottle, let him burp at her shoulder and didn't even flinch when Teddy spit some barely ingested milk on her dress. Under Andy's tutelage she changed his nappies and then put him back into his pram for his afternoon nap. 'Sleep well, angel,' she whispered and kissed him on the forehead. Harry hadn't once the chance to hold his godson that afternoon, but he didn't mind. He watched in fascination how his wife cared for the little boy. She seemed to be completely enamoured with him, he thought and let out a sigh of relief. For some reason he never understood, Ginny hadn't liked to spend time with Teddy. She would have come along if he asked her, but she always took the earliest opportunity to leave and made him come with her. It was good to know that there wouldn't be any objections coming from Daphne against him spending time with his godson. Just the contrary, he thought with a chuckle, it seemed as if they would soon be fighting over Teddy's attention. They had tea with Andromeda. 'How are your plans for the rest of the summer?' Andy asked, offering Daphne a plate with sandwiches. Daphne blushed as she took one. 'We'll be leaving for our honeymoon tomorrow.' 'We followed your advice and decided we needed some time alone to get to know each other,' Harry added, and gave Daphne a brief smile. 'I'm happy about that,' Andromeda admitted and put the plate down on the table. 'Though, from what I saw of you this afternoon, I have no doubt that you'll manage to make your marriage work.' Daphne and Harry exchanged a look and blushed. t.b.c.