he knew that he loved her. And he couldn't stand losing her. He should have told her how he felt long ago. How could he be so oblivious to the sings? She liked him since they met... he hoped he would get chance to be with her and tell her how he feels. Hell, he would be in total glee just to see her smile again, even if she won't want to be with him… Harry sat sadly beside her for another few hours when he noticed some movement. He saw her hand twitch a little. Then it twitched again. Then her eyes opened slightly, slowly widening open. Harry sighed with relief, relived and elated to see she was alive and well. Hearting him sound off, she turned to look at him. When her eyes rested on him, she smiled. "Hi…" she said softly. Harry grabbed her hand and squeezed it gently. "Hi." He said happily. "I missed you…" he said. She smiled happily and closed her eyes and sighed. "It's sweet of you to say that…" she said and opened her eyes again. "How do you feel?" he asked. "Could be worse." She said tiredly. He smiled gently. "I'm glad." He said. After a short pause he spoke. "Listen Hermione I'm sorry you got hurt like this. It's my fault. I should have listened to you… you almost died because of me. I never would have forgiven myself if you had. To be honest I will have a hard time forgiving myself for what did happen to you…" Hermione smiled tenderly at his words, touched by his nobility and how much he cared. "Harry I came with you to the Ministry of Magic because I wanted to. It was my decision. So please don't blame yourself." "But I talked you into coming. Had I been less insistent, maybe you wouldn't be hurt right now. I can't stand seeing you in pain." Hermione smiled as she closed her eyes. After a few seconds she opened them again. "It was my decision Harry, so please, don't beat yourself up about it. Give yourself a break once in a while…" she said and Harry just looked at her. Then he sighed and looked away. She smiled at him. "When was the last time you let someone save you, Harry? There's only so many times you can save others. Let other people share the burden once in a while…" Harry sighed heavily. "Hermione…" he said. "Come here…" she said gently, in what seemed to him like a motherly tone. He leaned forward and she brought him into a hug. They embraced each other and wept in each other's shoulders. They cried and cried until their bodies and souls became devoid of energy and they fell asleep in each other's arms… Hours pass… It was now early morning the next day, when the two of them woke up. Harry opened his eyes and smelled her scent. That fresh vanilla and coconut smell. He felt safe in her embrace. Like never before. He stroked her hair gently as to not to wake her. Soon he realized she was doing the same. "You awake?" asked Harry. "Yes." She said softly. "Good." He said and separated from her. "Because I have something to tell you…" he said and she listened. He sighed and opened his mouth to speak. "For a while now I've been having this weird feeling in me at the bottom of my stomach. A feeling towards you. I think it started during our third year. At first I thought it was only a crush, but it grew more intense over time. During our fourth year especially when you helped me with the summoning charm I was starting to understand what it was. Early this year, when you were one of the only ones standing by my side, I realized what it was. But I didn't have the guts to tell you and I feared it was not the right time. But now I do want to tell you. And what I want to say is, I love you Hermione… I love you more than anything on this Earth… truly…" he confessed. To his glee she gave him a warm smile. "I love you too Harry. More than you'll ever know…" she said and they both smiled. "I'm glad." He said and they leaned towards each other, both knowing what they wanted. As they were moving closer and closer their faces grew increasingly red and their hearts beat increasingly faster. Finally their lips made contact for the first time in their lives. It felt like heaven. Harry felt like he was kissing an angle and Hermione felt like she was kissing the love of her life. Thing is, she actually was. They kissed tenderly, lovingly and passionately as they wrapped their arms around each other's waist and neck as they kissed with as much love and emotion they could muster. Finally the need for air became unavoidable and they parted. They gazed at each other's eyes and smiled happily. They then leaned forward and kissed each other one more time. Then Harry rested his head in Hermione's chest. "I love you Hermione…" he said happily, glad his wish came true. She kissed Harry's hair and smiled. "I love you too Harry… I love you too…" she said and rested her head on his with her arms wrapped around his shoulders as they slowly fell asleep in each other's arms, glad they had each other and glad to be a couple… The end… So there it is… I've been planning to write this for a while. I wanted to write a revised version for opening new doors for a while but never got the chance to write a good version but there it is. Anyway I hope you guys liked it. Since a lot of effort was put into this story, if you leave a review, I'd greatly appreciate it. See you next time… Peace out…