something else?" Hermione said, and Emma stared at her hard for a moment. She clearly hadn't wanted to talk about it in the first place, and had only done so out of necessity. After a moment however, her eyes softened and she turned back around, and slid a disc into the car. A couple of seconds later, Elvis Presley started to sing, begging for a little less conversation and a little more action. The song seemed to be a faint backing tune to Hermione's thoughts. She considered everything her dad had said, and the more she thought about it, the more Dumbledore's voice and reasons seemed to fade into darkness. Perhaps it was time to stop talking about what she was going to do, and just do it, as she was being instructed to by the rhythmic tunes and Elvis's musical voice. Hermione bit her lip again, something she seemed to be doing a lot more now. Her feelings and everything was so confusing! She knew there was a different sort of connection between her and Harry then there was between herself and Ron, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it. That night, Hermione once again fell into a fitful and restless sleep, but instead of the blank, dreamless state she had been in last night, the last time she had had such an awful nights sleep, she started to dream. Hogwarts was shining bright in the night, candlelight emanating from the narrow slit windows. She imagined archers up there, in the specifically designed windows, and the history that this surprisingly empty castle had. Hermione looked around. She couldn't see anyone around her, and the only noise was the whistling of the wind through the courtyard she stood in. Despite the night and the wind, she wasn't cold. She just wasn't warm. She started to wander through into the main castle, and continued on her way to the Gryffindor common room. The castle was eerily quiet. Even in her usual midnight escapades with Ron and Harry, there was the ambient noise of flames flickering, or the wind or something, but the castle was unsettlingly silent. Everything seemed to be in black and white, besides the silently flickering torches in their brackets on the aging stone walls. They alternated every five long corridors she walked down, making most of her journey in a dark gloom, but she was still able to see. Hermione was getting quite creeped out. Something was missing about this once so familiar place. It was like Hogwarts but only a haphazard memory, filtered through a bad dream. Corridors twisted into places she didn't recognise. Some hallways were irrevocably dark, others simply weren't where they should be. The silence was getting to her now, and she felt a tingle go up her spine. The lack of warmth would have been uncomfortable could she feel it. She had become numb, but continued walking, unsure what she was doing. It finally registered what was wrong, other than the castle itself. The walls were completely bare. There were no tapestries as there usually were, and the paintings weren't in their usual wall mounted positions. Actually, they were no-where to be seen. There were no windows of any kind, despite what she had seen outside, and the stairs were uncharacteristically stationary. The pedestals that usually held monuments and trophies and the statues and suits of armour were gone. She had yet to see a single ghost. While a ghost would usually make a bad dream worse, the day to day comfort of knowing they were there made it all the worse when they were absent. There was a figure up ahead, and Hermione ran to it, and found her hearing returning, and colour starting to spill into her vision, and warmth spread through her body like a welcome virus. First came the frames, but then paintings and portraits started to re-appear, and then they started to animate. Armour faded into existence, and statues stood tall and proud. Tapestries of the house colours and crests draped down the walls, and windows started to reappear. Her Hogwarts was returning. "Harry," she breathed, barely hearing her own whisper. Harry turned around, a smile on his face, and his green eyes bright and full of life. He wrapped her in a hug and she surrendered to it without question, her fears alleviated. She just stood there in his tight, warm embrace, revelling in it. She felt like she stood there for hours just standing there, and then she looked up, smiling at her Harry. She leant her head against his chest, and felt his strong arms around her, and if she wasn't already in a dream, she could have fallen asleep right there. She felt him press his lips against her forehead, and she turned her head up. She leant in to kiss him, and their lips were so close, about to brush against each other- Hermione's eyes snapped open as she rocketed into consciousness. Now awake, she groaned, wishing she could have been asleep for at least a few moments longer, before she realised just what she had been dreaming about, and what it could mean. Her cheeks burned red, and she was in a flustered state. She had never had a dream like that before. As her dog, imaginatively called Dave barked at the postman, she made her way downstairs to quiet him down. She sat there and petted him, watching the postman make his early morning rounds. It had just clocked quarter past six in the morning, and Hermione let out a large yawn, stretching wide as she did so. As she eyed the postman in his silly illuminous orange vest, she knew she had to write to Harry. About what, she wasn't quite sure yet, but if she could start a conversation off she knew it would come to her. Her Harry needed her, and the last thing he needed to be was alone. Screw Dumbledore's instructions. Dumbledore was wrong.