effect of his incredulous expression. "Sweet Salazar?" Remus asked. "I like it," Peter said, returning the grin Sirius sent him at the comment. "Boys, what did I tell you?" "Sorry, Missus Potter," Peter, Remus and Sirius intoned, while James said: "Sorry, Mum." .oOo. "So," James asked, throwing himself onto his bed once more, "what now?" "Well, I would suggest the park," Peter said, "but Sirius' probably still convinced he'll get mugged in the alley." "What alley?" Remus asked, frowning. "That little gap between the two houses," James said, though his voice was muffled from where he had shoved his face into his pillow. "Are you serious?" Remus asked. "Why y—" Sirius ducked as a pillow, a shoe, and James' alarm clock were all thrown at him. "Seriously, Pete? An alarm clock?" "At least he didn't throw someone else's shoe," James said, staring at Remus accusingly. Remus just shrugged unapologetically. "Why're you still wearing that wig, anyway?" "I'm going for a new look," Remus said. "Might have to get some new friends to go with it. You're all very bad for my image." Sirius gasped, clutching his hands to his chest, and said in a fake hurt tone as he climbed onto the bed: "To think you would even consider trading up!" "What're you doing?" James asked, swatting at Sirius' ankles. "Opening the window. Still smells like vanilla carpark in here." He dropped onto the bed once he'd forced the latch open, landing squarely on James' back and earning a muffled "Ooof," for his troubles. "Now it's cold," Peter muttered. "Oh, yeah, you're inconvenienced," James huffed as Sirius got comfortable lying across his back. "Look," Remus said, "we're all affected by Sirius in a decidedly negative way —" Sirius made a noise of complaint at that which went ignored "— I think by now you should really be used to it." "Fine," James huffed, sounding a little winded, as he stretched an arm out and opened the drawer of his bedside table. There was a gentle knock at the door, but it was already being pushed open before anyone could say anything. The dog ran into the room, joining Sirius and James on the bed, and Missus Potter stood in the doorway. "If you've got nothing else to do," she said, "why don't you take Monty for a walk?" "The dog's called Monty?" Remus whispered. "Much better than their last dog's name," Peter replied. "That was tragic." Missus Potter entered the room, handing a leash to Remus. "And don't let him off the lead again," she said, though her comment was directed at Sirius. "Sorry, Missus Potter," Sirius muttered, rolling off James and sitting up properly. "And get some bread if you go past the shops," Mister Potter added, coming to stand next to his wife. "I didn't ask for a family gathering," James muttered. "Someone grab the dog; let's go." .oOo. "And what exactly did my mother say to you, Sirius?" James asked, hands planted firmly on his hips. "You're supposed to run away from the dog!" Peter yelled at Remus, where they were both chasing Monty. "How would that help?" Remus snapped. "Yes, admittedly, it's possible this is a little bit my fault —" "A little?" Peter and Remus both yelled, panting, as they jogged back towards their friends. "How attached to the dog are you?" Peter asked in between loud gasps of air. "Pretty attached," James said. "My mum likes him." "So we can't just find a dog that looks the same?" Remus asked, bending at the waist and anchoring his palms on his knees. "Uh … no." "C'mon," Sirius said, "it's been half an hour. We've tried." "You've —" "What —" "How —" " Merlin —" "See, look," James said, "you've only gone and broken Remus and Peter now." Sirius glanced over at them. "Hey! What'd you do with my wig?" Monty trotted over quite happily, a large stick clenched firmly between his teeth. "Well, this has been a really great bonding experience, I think," Sirius said. .oOo. "Why are you all so sweaty?" Missus Potter asked, her eyes settling on Sirius as the other three boys trudged past wordlessly. "Why aren't you?" "Well, James did a lot of yelling," Sirius said, "which I imagine was quite stressful for him. And Peter and Remus did a lot of running." "And what were you doing?" Missus Potter asked warily. "Do I want to know?" "I was attempting to restore order," Sirius replied haughtily. "And I caught your dog." There were three half-hearted noises of complaint from the top of the stairs, but by the time Sirius caught up with them they were already in a heap on James' bed. "Are we too old to nap?" Peter muttered. "Don't see why not," Remus said, closing his eyes and curling into a ball. "Yeah, you're already drooling," James added. "Wouldn't make much difference if you slept." "Where's the other pillow?" Peter asked. "I threw it at Sirius." "Ah." Peter pulled himself from the heap to retrieve the errant pillow; Remus was already snoring softly. "Hey, Sirius," Peter asked, bending to pick up the cushion, "did your parents really kick you out?" "Yeah," Sirius said. "Why would I joke about that?" "'Cause you do all the time?" Peter shrugged. "You don't seem upset." Sirius thought about it for a moment, then said: "I'm not. I guess you guys are more of a family than they ever were." "Awww," James said; Sirius turned bright red. "Shut up!" A/N — This was supposed to be a short drabble about a plastic ice-cream cone and I honestly have no idea what happened. Because my wonderful beta asked, I thought I'd explain my reasonings here, too: I wrote Mrs out in full because (though I'm aware this could just be me) when I see it written Missus I pronounce it slightly differently, and that's the way I wanted Sirius to pronounce it. I kept it the same outside of his dialogue to keep things consistent.