he looked over her timetable as well. 'How're you going to do all of that? I'll barely see you for all the studying you'll do!' 'We'd better make the Quidditch practices count, then,' she said, kissing him softly on the lips. Meanwhile, Scorpius and Albus were having a much longer talk with Professor Flint, their own Head of House. Neither of them had any issues with their exams, of course, but Flint was putting up a bit more of a protest over their choices, especially Albus. 'I see you're wanting to drop Herbology, Potter,' he said, frowning at the timetable. Albus had his hand out to take the parchment, but Flint didn't hand it over. 'And take Magical Languages and Ancient Runes instead.' He frowned over the top of it at Albus, who was becoming increasingly impatient. 'I'd have thought you'd want to take Herbology, Potter. It's a requirement for the Auror track.' 'I know, sir,' said Albus, forcing himself to keep his tone polite. 'But I don't want to follow that track.' 'I see,' said Flint. ' Do you have any idea what path you want to follow, Potter?' Albus shrugged, pushing his hardly touched breakfast about his plate. 'A few, sir.' Flint sighed, and finally handed over the timetable. 'Alright, Potter, I trust you to know what you're doing. And now for you, Mr Malfoy.' 'Sir?' 'Hmm… I have reservations about your timetable too, Malfoy. You told me last year that you were considering becoming an Auror. I see Potter has turned against it himself, but I hope you haven't, too. You're not taking Herbology or Transfiguration on this timetable.' 'No, sir. I … I'm not sure, anymore, if I can…' 'Nonsense!' said Flint, tapping his wand on the parchment so the ink slid and shifted in the grid. 'If you put your mind to it, you should have no problem with achieving a place on Auror training. You're taking Herbology and Transfiguration.' 'But sir!' protested Scorpius, 'I wanted to take Magical Languages, as an elective.' 'And? You can take that, too. If that's all, boys, I'll be on my way,' he said. He gave them both a glance over and said, slightly sardonically, 'and eat more breakfast, it will help the hangover.' He handed Scorpius his amended timetable and strode off to the next group of students. Scorpius slumped in his seat, staring at his timetable in disbelief. 'Six subjects! Six! I was meant to have fun this year.' 'I'm doing six,' said Albus, attempting to have a bite of toast. 'And you don't have fun!' 'You did bet that you could take school more seriously, if I tried to be more sociable. Well, this can be your first effort. Come on, we should get to Charms, the bell will ring soon,' said Albus. 'Cheer up - you can see Professor Chang soon. That'll cheer you up.' Professor Chang was the Charms teacher. She was a very attractive woman and many of the students, including Scorpius, harboured a crush on her, of varying degrees. Scorpius aimed a kick at Albus, who just smirked and pushed on through the crowds of students that were moving annoyingly slowly out the Great Hall and up the Marble Staircase. The Charms classroom was on the Second Floor, and most of the class was already waiting outside when they arrived. Both of them took a look at who'd made it through to Charms at NEWT level. There was Rose, of course, with a few of her friends. Albus was quietly surprised that her airhead boyfriend had managed to get any OWL grades at all, but there he was, stood in that same superior way with his arm around her. There was a large group of Ravenclaws, as to be expected, with a handful of Hufflepuffs. And lounging at the back were some Slytherins, including the rest of their dormitory, some of the girls, and Adelaide Gray. She was stood with a girlfriend, the two of them chatting lightly about something, and as Albus followed Scorpius towards them she laughed over some comment the other girl had made, tossing her head back as she did so that her long chestnut curls caught the light shining through the window behind her. She looked around when the others hailed them, and Albus felt something jump in his chest as her grey eyes glanced over them. They paused, inscrutable, on him, and then a second later she'd turned back to her friend, their conversation flowing on. They weren't waiting for long outside the classroom; Albus and Scorpius had barely joined the group before everyone fell suddenly silent, and they looked around to see the classroom door open, and Professor Chang step out. 'She is not made like most women,' sighed Fitzroy under his breath from behind Albus. There was a murmur of agreement. 'You know she's old enough to be your mother,' hissed one of the Slytherin girls, Zelda St John. 'Doesn't look it,' retorted Zabini, and it was true. Chang had to be in her forties, but she looked like a woman hardly over thirty, and a very attractive one at that. She swept her sheet of hair back and smiled at them all, greeting each of them in turn as they filed into the classroom. As Albus passed her, she put a hand on his chest and stopped him. 'Glad to see you've decided to take Charms NEWT, in the end,' she said, smiling. 'I would've missed having you in my classes.' 'I thought you were always going to carry on with Charms,' whispered Scorpius as they headed on into the classroom and found a pair of desks. 'Why was she so interested in you?' Albus shrugged, as confused as Scorpius was. Charms was the subject he'd always struggled the most with, but he'd still achieved an "E" in his OWLs. He decided to not dwell too long on it, as Professor Chang swept to the front of the classroom and began the lesson.