took the sword, I'm guessing you turned off the safe guards" to which Dumbledore nodded clearly expecting an answer. Harry sighed "this is going to be a long story and it's one that I don't wish to have eavesdroppers listening in, let's head to your office it'll probably be more secure than here" to which Dumbledore. They travelled towards the office in silence the only noise made by either being the password from Dumbledore to open the way. They entered into the office and Harry took a seat nearby Dumbledore's desk which the headmaster sat at his desk before looking at Harry "so Harry care to explain everything" to which Harry responded "ok I'll talk… but first you have to promise you won't wipe my memory". This confused Dumbledore but he agreed "ok" Harry said once again "you know how Voldemort was shown to be…whatever he was in year one" to which Dumbledore nodded. "And you know second year " Harry continued "where a 'memory' of himself caused that whole chamber of secrets…lets just call it problem" to which Dumbledore once again nodded. "Well" harry continued "these two events aren't isolated incidents nor are they only tied by Tommy", this uncaring attitude to Voldemort's clear superiority complex caused Dumbledore to smirk. "Guess how these two events are also connected guess" Dumbledore thought about it. From the description he had received from Harry it was clear that he wasn't a ghost, but them what was he if he wasn't that and what did it have to do with the diary a memory… "wait" Dumbledore thought "what if it wasn't a memory". He looked at Harry is the diary actually a memory to which Harry shook his head and Dumbledore returned to his thoughts, he moves through all of his vast knowledge of magic phenomena to think of something that matched these phenomena. Then suddenly an idea came to him a terrible, terrible idea "Horcrux" to which Harry smiled "exactly", this confirmation shook Dumbledore to his core the fact that Voldemort could be kept alive through such a monstrous way. Then suddenly something else occurred to him "why did you need the sword then" to which Harry responded "to deal with one of them". Dumbledore's eyes widened at this "ONE of them" to which harry seemed nonplussed while scratching his ear "yeah he made six of them and three are left". Dumbledore looked at him "half of them have been destroyed" to which Harry smirked "yep the Diary, the diadem" dropping some pieces including the cracked gem on the desk". "And finally" Harry said while pulling his necklace up "this ring", Dumbledore seemed unnerved "if it's no longer a horcrux then why keep it around". Harry smirked "simple because it has other uses" looking at the ring "as shown by the symbol on this ring, pass me a piece of paper and I'll draw it so you can see the rings use". Dumbledore did so and as Harry inked up the page he smirked and he drew a triangle "the invisiblity cloak" he drew a line down the middle of the triangle "the elder wand" and he drew a circle "and the resurrection stone". Harry lifted up the ring and the cloak and Dumbledore did the same with his wand, both spoke at the same time "the deathly hallows" to which Harry smirked "exactly" before putting his hallows away. "So Harry now that you have the sword now what?" Harry smiled before you caught me I collected the basilisk's fang and sent it to an acquaintance". Dumbledore was curious of this "who is this acquaintance" Harry smirked "I call him Anubis for secrecy, however he's just here as a backup in case I encounter problems but I should be able to deal with these soon and in exchange I do something for him". Harry's face had a sad look "hopefully when Voldemort has been shuffled off the mortal coil I'll be able to leave this stupid world of butchered latin, inbreeding, things that don't make sense, and people who clearly lack COMMON BLOODY SENSE", Dumbledore looked surprised at this "Harry you want to leave the Wizarding world. Harry face took the look of a deer frozen in the headlights of an 18 wheeler before sighing "ok confession time" Harry claimed "this is going to be hard to explain". Harry's face took an inquisitive look before reaching into the satchel and tapping a certain app, "have you ever heard of the show 'Quantum Leap' professor" to which Dumbledore shook his head. Harry continued "well it is a fascinating show about a man call Sam Becket who for lack of a better term 'leaps' into people" this clearly confused Dumbledore, "well essentially he takes a person's place and nobody can tell any difference even appearance wise between him and the person who he leaped into". Dumbledore however responded with "how does this relate to you and I assume the horcruxes as well". And harry sighed holding up the phone to Dumbledore and on it he could see an illustration of a boy that resembled Harry, a girl that resembled the Grainger girl who was Harry's friend riding a hippogriff in front of a full moon. And above this was I purple banner which said 'Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban' and below that in a rectangular oval were the words J.K. Rowling. "My name is Harold Williams and I think I've Quantum Leaped into a fictional world and the life of a fictional character". Dumbledore was shocked "how?" and Harry leaned back in his chair "that Albus…can I call you Albus?" to which Dumbledore nodded "that Albus is a story of de-aging, blackmail, theft, breaking into prison, breaking out of prison, arson, money making and saving an innocent man's life". Harry leaned forward in His chair "would you like to hear it" he said with a grin to which Dumbledore nodded "then let's begin". Next Time What I Did over the Summer Holidays