had eyed her the days after Malfoy's… explosion. Maybe he was the Heir of Slytherin? Those hushed strained murmurs in the hall had held some merit. Though, Hermione would have put her money on Malfoy himself. Ah well, it didn't matter now, not when her gaze connected with the creatures in the mirror she'd been using to check the puffiness of her eyes after another lovely afternoon of uncomfortable Gryffindor tension. Perhaps, now she could have a little peace. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o "You owe him again," Longbottom said, his mouth somewhat full of chocolate from the frog he messily bit into, "Rumor has it Potter killed the basilisk." Slowly Hermione glanced up from her book, but she said nothing. Her tongue was lead, and her mind felt… dull. She was exhausted, though whether that was the fault of being petrified or just her own lackadaisical interest in reality she couldn't be sure. She said nothing. "He'll come to collect it after the summer, but it would… be better for you, Hermione-can I call you Hermione?-if you went to him first." He was digging around in his bag for something and slowly Hermione tilted her head, but the usual ping of eager curiosity she might have felt seemed faraway. Just a phantom echo of an emotion she might have experienced, long long ago. A shame, that. "He's really not that bad," Longbottom muttered, "Harry and Draco, that is." No, he wouldn't be, Hermione thought, you're pure. She shivered a bit and reached over a hand to clutch her sleeved arm. There wasn't anything different, her blood wasn't actually muddy. She'd learned that by checking… always checking… No, she had company in her compartment this time. She really outta pay attention. "Harry isn't really close to anyone, but I think he has some interest in you." From the depths of his bag Longbottom finally pulled out whatever he was looking for before he held it out to her, a cautious smile in place. "I really think this'll… help you." She unclasped her hand from her aching arm and reached out for the book, which held no title due to the odd slash across it's aged leather cover. "Longbottom," She croaked, her mouth heavy and clumsy from disuse-a combination of being petrified for half the year and her own silence thereafter. "Take it, really. And call me Neville." His smile widened slightly, "Harry helped me and I think… I think he wants to help you, but you need to help yourself first. You need to show… interest." Hermione gave the book another slow look, her gaze half-closed as her fingers traversed the cover. It felt… strange, like skin-well, she supposed that was appropriate, if this was true leather. "It's a book on our world. Gran gave it to me, incase I forget anything." Neville blushed, "And I forget a bloody lot." Her lips twitched in the signs of a smile but she wasn't sure if her face made the appropriate expression, "I… I'm not sure about this." "'Moine," Neville began, and she felt her shoulders grow tense at having her name shortened into something so familiar said toward her, "I think this will really help you understand… well… everything. It's a bit of a rough read, sometimes, but if you keep an open-mind…" Silence stretched between them as she looked at the book, but Neville sighed and spoke again, "Think of it as research. An experiment on really fitting in. On earning your place…" Her head jerked up and she could only imagine the ferocity of her scowl. She was so sick and tired of being told- "W-wait!" Neville was quick to reach out a hand to place on top of her own, and she thought, for just a moment, about yanking it from him. "What I meant was… s-show them you care! The book, honestly Hermione, just read the bloody book! I… w-w-want you to succeed!" He searched her gaze. Whatever he found there gave him the strength to continue- "They thought me worthless, you know. That I was just some Squib. They were forcing me to fit into the mold of sorts, kept reminding me of my Father and-" His voice grew tight, he shook his head, but when he looked back toward her his expression was… powerful. A look of all consuming determination that shouldn't have been so easy to replicate on his childlike face, "Harry believed in me, he knew I was good at something , when everyone around said I was good at nothing. " He looked down for a moment and chuckled, some self-depreciating sound, "Especially Malfoy." Hermione sucked in a breath and closed her eyes. "I know what it's like. Not the exact experience, but the same cut of emotion-look at me." She opened her eyes again, surprised and compelled by the strength of his command. "Next year will be the beginning of the end of… this. " He gave an exasperated wave of his hand. "For me, for you, for both of us." "Why," She whispered, "Why now? Why are you helping me?" She couldn't help but be suspicious. She was done with hope, and drained by her pains. "Because, I could have been you. I have been you. You deserve better than that… even if I'm the only one that thinks it." She gave a shuddering breath and leaned her head against the window as she watched the rolling hills of the countryside careen by. She barely noticed when Neville stood up and sat next to her and whimpered-how pathetic-when he reached out and held one of her limp hands. This was… Was this friendship ? "Next year, 'Moine. You can do this. We'll do it together. I'll teach you how to navigate this world, I'll teach you how to get their respect. We'll succeed together. Next year." Her smile was unusual, and her eyes were bright, but she felt… different. She clutched the book and made a strained laugh. "Next year." " Next year." o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o