Potter. I could open your mind to wonders you never dreamed possible. I could save you from this, from them , from mediocrity. I could guide you in a fashion Albus cannot provide and then, once you've matured, you too could… save yourself. " Harry couldn't slow his breathing. He could feel some great thing widening within him, a chasm of childish yearning that filled his head with miraculous ideals and a sudden thought that screeched, wildly, across his mentality. I don't want to die. I don't want to die here. In the cupboard. Alone. I don't want to be afraid anymore, ruined and trapped. He ground his teeth together and found that he could move again. He could run, couldn't he? He could embrace death and eternity and never have to deal with the burden of being the Chosen One ever again. He could turn his back on the entirety of humanity and allow Voldemort and the Headmaster both to do whatever they pleased. After all, it wasn't his fault that he was in this mess, standing before the literal serpent of temptation. And yet… And yet… "This is entirely your choice, Mr. Potter, and while the circumstances are less than ideal there is a great many things we could do. Together." "My friends," Harry croaked, eyes closed as he balled his hands into fists, "I can't… they." "Know nothing." Voldemort whispered, a soothing and gentle presence despite the constant pound of His power, "They are but children lacking true understanding. There are greater allies to be made. Greater learnings to digest." Harry shook his head, physically pained by indecision- "I-" "Do you know how else I managed to get here?" Voldemort suddenly said, "I can feel it… a piece of myself, deep within you." His eyes snapped open, his lips flopped-open and closed, open and closed-his tongue glued to the roof of his mouth. "Oh… did Albus not tell you? I'm not sure how exactly but-" Voldemort was jerked, pulled by the strength and power of Harry's grip as he reached out with a viciousness he hadn't felt before. The sound of his flesh slapping into Voldemort's own was deafening, and the metaphysical space around them rippled at the collision of magic. Harry had long since stopped expecting the wraith to screech in pain-after all, nothing about this situation was like the one he experienced with the stone-and something in him had wanted to… wanted to know if he could feel his sudden conviction. His rage. His absolute fury at being left in the dark when all his life he'd had to thrive in it. He'd deal with the consequences later. They would understand. If not today, then… then someday. But he refused to be abused any longer, that was a concept he could definitely grasp. "It hurts," He rasped, his voice rolling like gravel, "It always hurts." Voldemort was silent, his fingers twitching, waiting to curl around his small and dainty grip among such a giant hand. "I'm sick and tired of hurting," Harry continued, his chest wheezing, as the wild thing within him made his hair blow in the breeze he could finally feel. "I won't die for this." For him. "B-but," Courage swelled in his chest, making his fury righteous, "But for you-!" He had to breath past the loathing, past the idea that his Headmaster had allowed something like this to live within him without any knowledge. That someone, someone had to know he was left on the doorstep of cruelty and had lived such madness for eleven long years. He is not ignorant, not completely, but he is stunted and he knows … he knows that in order to grow, he'd need to do more. That he'd have to be more than just the Chosen One. He could no longer afford to adhere to other ideals of justice. He could no longer afford to follow half-formed notions. He must know everything. Everything there was to be offered about his world, so that he was no longer the weak one, the vulnerable one, the beaten one. He needed to evaluate a greater meaning and then spread such meaning like gospel. For even a child can desire to be worshipped. Words bubbled out of his mouth, forced from his throat as if he were but an instrument of his own crafted chaos. He could taste copper-his dripping blood, now red and vibrant-upon his tongue. Something miraculous happened around him, something extraordinary , and for once, for once , he would not be punished. Heat flowed around him, warped and visible while the world seemed to bend and collapse on itself until there was only Harry and his equal. No.. not his equal, not really, not yet. " I will follow you to hell and back. I will do whatever you ask and your enemies shall be mine." The laughter that flowed around them, garbed and crazed, came from more than just one source. The towering cyclone of grays above them curled and became brilliance, too many colors, far far too many colors, for Harry to properly process. Harry's scar blazed with agony, a living and breathing entity that felt as if it were carving deeply across his skull, deeper than muscle and flesh. Voldemort came impossibly close, His grip powerful as needle like nails pierced his flesh, curled so tightly about his much smaller hand. Harry wasn't able to see his own blood drip down between them. He wasn't able to see the intricate swirls and spirals that formed beneath his feet and began to crawl across the ground he stood on. All he could see was Voldemort and the red gleam that burst to light as eyes became glowing orbs that consumed the bulk of His facial features. Closer and closer and closer still, until Harry's entire vision was that snapping hissing red. But there was a voice among the storm, soft and amused… interested- "So mote it be." And then, they were gone.