sparkled in her eyes. "Thanks Harry… thanks for cheering me up…," she said. "You cheered me up. I'm just returning the favor…," he said warmly. "Yeah…" she muttered. Then something occurred to her. "I'd like to ask you one more question though. Two actually." "Shoot." "Did you really mean it when you said I'm beautiful?" Harry blushed. After a short pause he spoke. "Y… yes… I did." He admitted sheepishly "And why was I such a prominent part of my dream which peaked into your subconscious?" Harry both blushed and paled at the same time. He gathered his courage to speak. Finally he spoke. "Because I love you. And I fear losing you most of all…" Hermione could feel her cheeks heat up. "You mean that as a friend or in a romantic way?" "In a romantic way. And I would go until the ends of the Earth to protect you…" confessed Harry and she smiled, the last tears leaving her eyes. "I love you too Harry. I always have…," she confessed wholeheartedly. "I'm glad…," he said happily, as he caressed her hair gently as she rested in his arms. Finally, they parted and gazed into each other's eyes with a longing expression in them. It felt like one yearned for the other and it felt like a homecoming after a long and painful journey to be with each other. Like experiencing endless pain and ordeals and coming home into each other's love and embrace. They moved closer towards each other, slowly but surely, as their faces drew near until, their lips met for the first time in their lives. They felt a rush of electricity and numbness rush up and down their spines and through their bodies as they lost sensation of all things physical, mental, and spiritual, with nothing left but the emotional happiness and thrill that was their love and wonderful kiss they shared. Hermione wrapped her arms around his waist as he had his around her neck, as they opened their mouths slightly and let each other's tongues to gain access as they explored each other's mouths. They went on like that for as long as they could. But when they desperately had to breathe for air, they parted and the moment was over all too soon. They continued to gaze at each other's eyes in a happy yet longing look. Finally, they went in for one more warm, yet very loving embrace and rested in each other's arms. "I love you Harry… thanks for tonight and being by my side all the time…," she said happily. "I love you too Hermione with all my heart. And ditto, ditto… I'm sorry I surpassed you in potions class. I didn't know you would take it so harshly and I didn't mean to hurt you. If it really means that much to you, I can tone things down a little…," he said gently and she smiled. "No need. I'm not afraid anymore…"she said with a smile. "I'm glad." He said softly but happily, as they kissed once more. He kissed the top of her hair, as they rested in each other's embrace, happy to be a couple, as they slowly drifted to sleep in each other's arms in the knowledge that it is okay to be themselves. For better or worse. They now knew they had nothing to hide and that there was nothing to be ashamed of in their flaws and being themselves. The young lovebirds would run away no longer… The end… Wow. That a hell of an idea. I don't know what happened. One moment I was reading a Harry and Hermione fanfiction, next thing I know this wild idea pops into my head. So yeah, I'd like to explain a few things. First of all, as you may have guessed, these dreams were peeks into the other's subconscious. It shows how and who they really are beneath their behaviors, exteriors, shells, and their defenses. In case you were wondering, the reason why I chose Hermione to dream she was Harry in a white, empty room and not something else is that I felt that white is a color that conveys purity and above all sincerity and honesty. Combining that with emptiness, loss, and fear, it conveys Harry's sense of hopelessness, fear, and despair in the best possible way. I felt that it would show how vulnerable he really is and how he feels on the deepest possible level. As for Hermione, I chose a blue and empty room because blue is a cold color that conveys the feeling of emptiness and sadness and in her case, failure and fear of it. Also I would like to explain that the fact that she was naked was not supposed to convey anything sexual. It was a metaphor for Hermione feeling exposed because her vulnerability was exposed and because of her failure. While adding to that that she appeared as a failure and felt like one, she felt even more exposed. Feeling she had nothing else show for herself besides her studies and achievements, she felt very bare, empty, and sad. So no sexual message intended. In fact, the real Harry felt embarrassed about being and seeing her in that position. Both Harry and Hermione got a peek into each other's subconscious, what they saw was a metaphor for their fears, how they really are, and how they feel beneath their behavior and defenses. After they saw the other's true self they both learned from the other that it's okay to be who they are, despite their flaws, fears, and feelings of vulnerability because it's who they are and there's nothing to be ashamed of or any sense and point in hiding it. And that's the message of this story. So anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this psychological, emotional drama. I know I have. And since a huge amount of effort was put into it I'd greatly appreciate it if you leave a review… Peace out…