he could think of, into that one kiss, only to have it amplified tenfold by her own identical efforts. They transferred and delivered their love for each other better and more lovingly than any words would dare to try. Yet it failed to capsulate how much love they felt for each other and how it had been bottled up for so long, as it amplified and was now being released out like a volcano in an eruption of happiness, lust, love and emotion. They made out like that for five minutes as their tongues explored every millimeter of each other's mouths till they absolutely had to breathe. Harry rested his head in Hermione's chest as she hugged him and held his head in her hands. Struggling to catch his breath, Harry managed to gasp out. "I love you Hermione… I love you so much… you have no idea how much I love you…" he said still trying to catch his breath. She leaned down and kissed his head. "I love you too Harry. I've loved you for years. More than you'll ever know. My heart is too small to contain the amount of love I have for you…" "So is mine…" he admitted. "Would you like to do something about that?" she asked seductively. He looked, smiled, and kissed her tenderly on the lips. "Thought you'd never ask…" he said sweetly as they both chuckled, walked out of the common room and head for the room of requirement. In it, awaited them a comfy queen sized bed, and a night full of sex and compensating for a love that was left unexpressed for far too long… That same afternoon, Harry and Hermione traveled to Hogesmead to buy an engagement ring for her and they announced their match made in heaven that same night at dinner. Within the week they were married at the Saint Paul's Chapel in London and headed for their flat to spend the night and make love as a married couple for the first time. Next time Hermione's parents came to visit, they were delighted to know they have a grandchild on the way… they counted the days as summer became fall and fall became winter… along the way, they found out that Hermione was not bearing one, but two babies within her. They were gonna have twins. Soon the big day had come and Harry and Hermione were holding their newborn twins in their hands. In their wake, lay a baby girl and a baby boy. Both had Hermione's face and hair but had Harry's caring green eyes. As expected, they were named James and Jane, named after their parents' respective middle names. The duo would later become known as the JJ twins. But that wasn't the only happiness in store. Two years later, they had another set of twins. Once again it was a boy and a girl. They looked like a combination of Harry and Hermione's face but had her hair and Harry's green eyes. The happy family decided to name them, Lily and Sirius. A year later, their fifth son Remus was born. He too had Hermione's face and hair, but his eyes was a mixture of Hermione's brown orbs and Harry's green eyes. Lastly, two years later their last set of twins were born and were named Harry and Hermione Jr. Each was the spitting image of their respective and other parent alike. The young couple has finally found happiness and raised the family they always wanted while not being a day over twenty four. After putting their kids to sleep, Harry joined in Hermione in bed while she read a book like she always did before bed. He snuggled up to her and rested his head on her shoulder. "I love you Hermione… more than I can say…" She moved to kiss him softly but lovingly on the lips. "I love you too darling… more than you will ever know or than I can say either…" "But we still know it though don't we?" "Oh yeah…" mused Hermione. "After all this time I think we proved it quite well. We proved it ever since you kissed me at the Gryffindor common room all those years ago sweetie…" Harry smiled his old trademark boyish smile. The one she would die for and would never get tired of for as long as she lived… "I'm glad… I feel the same way honey…." He said happily and kissed her softly, tenderly and lovingly on the lips… "I love you Hermione… so much… more than I can say or you'll ever know…" She returned the kiss and embraced him in her arms. "I love you too Harry… more than you can ever know or than I can ever say in my life even if I tried…" she said happily as he rested in her arms. "I'm glad…" he said happily as she stroked his hair as he rested his head in her lap. "Hey Hermione?" "Hmm?" "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" he asked with a devilish, smug grin on his face. She returned the smile and kissed his squarely, lovingly and tenderly on the lips. "Yes Harry I am…" she said happily with a smile on her face as she moved to turn off her lamp, as the young couple treated each other and acted like a man and women, a husband and a wife and a lover and a lover for a time so many they have lost count long ago, only to fall asleep in each other's arms, awaiting their next child, loving each other and feeling very happy indeed… And they lived happily ever after… The end… Whoa…. That was a heck of a story. Normally I try to avoid getting into 'you know what' in my stories, but given the angsty background I thought it would make a better ending and a better and happier payoff after all that. Anyway I hope you guys liked it… Reviews are most welcome…