anyone who got in his way of getting to his mate. "Veela." Severus sighed, relieved, though his eyes showed caution. "Mate." Veela snarled. "I. Want. Mate!" "I know." Severus nodded. "Oh my son." Veela snapped his head towards the woman who was not crying. Veela recognized her as the woman who handed his host the chains to wrap around him. He did not care for the woman. In his eyes she was the reason he was not with his mate now. She should die for her transgressions! Veela snapped at her, growling and spitting, but he did not move, his host's body would not let him. Of course not, she was his host's mother after all. "Narcissa get back!" Severus hissed. He turned to Veela, caution still clear in his eyes, but worry was now present as well. "Veela, I will show you to your mate, but you must leave Draco's mother alone. I know you think she did wrong, but she is your host's mother." "Mate!" Veela growled, glaring at Snape once more. Hermione shook and shivered violently in her bed. Harry and Ron stood beside her with worry. She was pale and clammy, yet burning up. The two boys had sent for a healer, but nothing had worked. That was when Mrs. Weasley suggested calling Snape. Ron had been reluctant at first, but Harry quickly reminded him that Snape had been on their side from the beginning, whether they had known it or not- not to mention he knew more about potions than any healer. When Snape had arrived, he took one look at Hermione before disapparating once more. He said not one word to anyone before his departure. Harry had begun to think he'd been wrong to call Snape. Perhaps he was not as willing to help as Harry believed he would be. Snape had never been too fond of Hermione, claiming her to be an 'insufferable know-it-all'. Ron was all too quick to point out how he had been right about Snape. Another healer was called during Snape's absence. This healer had the most grave news ever given. Hermione Granger was dying. There was nothing they could do to prevent it as it seemingly had no cause and nothing they tried was working. There was nothing they could do but sit with their friend as she withered in pain and agony. And she was in pain. Her heart felt as though a thousand knives were stabbing it repeatedly. Her stomach was on fire, her limbs felt as though they were turning to stone and her eyes burned as though someone had poured acid over them. She begged them to put her out of her misery, but no one was strong enough to do it. It was after a particularly loud and painful scream that Harry finally stood up, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his wand. He could not bare to see his friend in pain any longer. If this was what he needed to do, he would do it. He pressed a kiss to her forehead whispering that everything would be ok now. As he pulled away he saw the gratitude shining through her eyes. "Avada-!" He was pushed back forcefully before he could finish the spell. The force was so powerful it knocked harry against the closed door to the room, ripping the door off it's hinges. Both boy and door were sent sailing across the hall into the opposite wall. Coughing, his chest hurting from the force, Harry stood up. As he fixed his glasses he realized something, Hermione was no longer screaming. "Hermione!" Harry yelled as he ran back into the room, only to skid to a halt at the sight before him. There, lying next to a now sleeping Hermione, was a blood-haired man. Not just any blonde-haired man either. Harry recognized the man almost instantly as Draco Malfoy, his rival all throughout his Hogwarts years. The same man who tortured Hermione, calling her nasty, horrible names. Sure he had switched sides during the war, but he made it clear how he still felt about blood status. "What are you doing to her Malfoy?" Harry accused, pointing his wand at the blonde, but the man did not move from his position beside Hermione. "Potter." Snape sneered and it was the first time Harry noticed he had returned. "Put. Your wand. Away." "You brought Malfoy?" Harry scoffed, still aiming his wand at his old enemy. "He can't do anything for Hermione!" "For your information, Potter," Snape spat as he quickly yanked the wand from Harry's hand, "Draco can do a lot more than you can at this moment. If the ministry had caught you trying to use an Unforgivable… let's just say the new order would have completely gone out the window." "She's in pain!" Harry yelled. "She's dying and in pain! I wanted to help her! She was begging me to kill her!" A loud snarl suddenly ripped through the room. Harry, Snape, and Ron- who had been silently raging at the exchange of words between his friend and old professor- turned to where the sound came from. Draco, still on the bed, had wrapped himself around Hermione and was now glaring at Harry. Harry had never seen Draco look so untamed. He looked like… well like the veelas at the first quidditch tournament the Weasley's had taken him to. "You tried to harm mate!" Draco hissed. "Mate?!" Ron yelled, unable to contain his anger any longer. "What the bloody hell is he goin' on about?!" "Mr. Weasley, Mr. Potter," Snape started, "I believe it is time to tell you of a secret that Draco, his mother, and myself have kept hidden. Perhaps we should go downstairs however?" "Like hell!" Harry shook his head. "Yeah!" Ron agreed. "No way are we leaving Hermione with that git!" "As you wish." Snape nodded once. "Let's get straight to the point then shall we? Draco is a veela and Hermione is his mate."