think we can arrange for Severus to have a truly awful day tomorrow." "Duster, if Fawkes weren't a phoenix, I think I'd enjoy eating him. He's altogether too much like his pet, with these progress report meetings every night. If he offers me a lemon drop, I may forget myself!" Duster chuckled. "That could be painful. I expect Fawkes is merely anxious for progress. Of course, he and Gambit have a relatively easy task." Crookshanks sat up and scratched one ear. "I'd agree there. They just need a little encouragement. Who would you say has the hardest task? My vote is for Thunder and Thjalfe." "Pssh. Their pets have at least one thing in common – they both love to fly and are both good at it. I don't envy Topper and Norris," replied the black cat. "Consider – Poppy is obsessively fastidious, whereas Argus is…" "Severely lacking in hygiene, to put it kindly. I hadn't thought of that. I don't see how Norris puts up with it. Or why she does, for that matter! But at least they're of the same generation." "I believe you and I are the only ones that face that challenge." He cat-grinned as something caught his attention. "I see Swift is already at work." "Oh?" Crookshanks looked in the direction Duster was waving a black paw. Filius Flitwick's big borzoi was happily digging a hole in Ivy Sprout's brand new flowerbed. "How's that going to bring them together?" "I've no earthly idea. I expect this is one of Swift's canine-logic ideas. We can ask him tonight." "Which reminds me – one of us needs to sneak into the potions classroom tomorrow night and see what happens at the detention we're arranging." "I'll do that," Duster said. "I can hide under Sev's desk. It's got some nice shadows to blend with." "And I'll go to the meeting. We can meet up afterwards and compare notes." "A sound plan." Duster suddenly cocked his head to one side. "I wonder…" "Hmmm?" "What you said about Fawkes' and Gambit's pets only needing a little encouragement. I wouldn't put it past that miserable bird to be creating this elaborate plot simply to acquire a mate for his own pet and amuse himself at our expense in the process." Duster heard about the results of their plan in great detail while his pet was shedding his dripping robes immediately after the combined Slytherin/Gryffindor seventh year potions class the following day. "I cannot believe it! I thought even Longbottom knew how to measure ingredients properly by now. Do you know what he did, Duster? He added two tablespoons of ground nightshade, rather than two teaspoons! I should've made him test it on himself!" The robes fell to the floor in a sopping mess, and Severus headed for his private bathroom to bathe. "That wasn't enough though. Miss Bulstrode surpassed herself today! She somehow managed to brew a Contraceptive, when the assignment was a simple Poison antidote! I had to deduct points from my own House!" He turned on the hot water with an ill-tempered jerk. "I asked her how she managed to make such a mistake and she said she must've misread the assignment. Duster wondered how on earth Macavity had managed that. He'd have to ask. His pet was continuing on as he climbed into the tub. "And Mr. Nott…" Sev's voice softened dangerously… "Mr. Nott overheard the exchange between myself and Miss Bulstrode and volunteered his opinion that the Contraceptive potion would be completely wasted on her. I wonder how that boy ever survived seven years in Slytherin House sometimes!" The last sentence was somewhat garbled as he dunked his head under the water to wet his hair. "Miss Bulstrode, not surprisingly, took umbrage at this comment, and slapped Mr. Nott. The Gryffindors, of course, found this exchange amusing in the extreme." He snagged the shampoo bottle with one long arm and continued. "Mr. Nott attempted to evade her assault, but unfortunately backed into another cauldron and upset it. He must be taking lessons from Longbottom!" Duster looked quite sympathetic and turned on his rumbling purr. "Then Mr. Nott managed to upset his own cauldron as well as Miss Bulstrode's. I had to deduct ten points from Slytherin. My own House, Duster! It was quite embarrassing!" "And then, if you please, while I am collecting homework, that insufferable Miss Granger informs me that she has somehow left her assignment in her room and asks permission to retrieve it. Of course I said no. Do you know what she did?" He turned a face dripping with suds towards his Familiar, "She had the temerity to argue with me!" He rinsed the shampoo from his hair with economical but savage movements pausing every now and then to continue his diatribe. "Of course, I gave her a detention tonight. I believe that four hours as my assistant will go a long way toward insuring that she behaves in my class henceforth." The potions professor climbed out of the tub and grabbed one of the thick silver towels piled handily nearby. He wrapped it around his waist and went into his bedroom. Duster followed. He couldn't wait to tell Crookshanks about Sev's extremely bad day. Severus dried himself off and began dressing. "So then, as I'm on my way here to clean up, Professor McGonagall stops me. She has an idea, she says." He snorted. "Do you know what that old biddy wants, Duster? She wants me to create a potion for her that will let her talk to both animals and humans while she's a cat!" He slid clean robes over his head, completely missing Duster's shocked expression. "As if I have time for that, what with supervising detentions and everything else." He looked up suddenly and bared his teeth in a feral smile. "Oh, she thinks she's so smart, Miss Granger does. I believe I have just the task for her. I'll have her research and create this potion for McGonagall!"