and protect him for as long as you live till death you part?" She smiled warmly. "I do." She said and the priest smiled. "By the power vested in me by the State of England and under her Majesty's blessing, I pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride." He said happily, as Harry lifted the fabric that covered his new wife's face and kissed her with so much love, happiness, and compassion it could not be described in words. They separated from the kiss and walked down the aisle as everyone threw rice at them as they climbed into the limo that would take them to their new home where they would hold the reception. The reception was nothing short of magical. Everyone had a good time. The food was great, the jazz music was wonderful, and the dancing to it was perfect. When everybody left, it was just the two of them. Harry approached his new wife as she emptied some leftover trash from the party into the trash bin. He wrapped his arms around her as she put the dustpan down. Harry kissed her tenderly on the lips from behind as she turned around to face him, clasped his hand in her own as they slow danced silently, yet peacefully in their kitchen. Harry kissed her briefly but softly, as he picked her up bridal style and carried her to their bedroom as she laughed at his antics. He walked into their bedroom, placed her onto the bed, and closed the door. Harry and his beloved wife would spend the next hour kissing and making out and made love as they fell asleep in each other's arms, happy to be a couple. Two weeks later… Harry and Hermione were sitting at the table eating breakfast. Hermione had a coy look on her face with a slight blush on her cheeks. She opened her mouth to speak. "Harry?" she asked timidly. "Yes Hermione?" "I have something to tell you…," she said nervously. "What's that?" he asked, slightly concerned by her anxiety. "We're going to have a baby…," she said softly. Harry's eyes widened in shock. "Are you sure?" he asked. She nodded and he smiled from ear to ear. "That's fantastic Hermione!" he beamed "I know. It's hard to believe though right? That life is forming inside me…" Harry kissed her softly. "Not for me baby. If you were able to help me get out of so many tight spots in the past, this should be a piece of cake for you…" he said sweetly and smiled at her and she returned it. She kissed him deeply but softly. "Thanks Harry…" she said softly as she rested in his arms. As the months went by, Hermione's abdomen grew. When their friends heard the news, they were happy as peach. When they found out the gender of the baby, they went shopping for a crib and baby toys and clothes. Finally, the big day had arrived. Harry held Hermione's hand throughout the entire process. Although he could clearly see his wife was in pain, he was right about one thing though. That after all she's been through, this should be a piece of cake for her; and it was relatively speaking. Within ten minutes, the baby was out and in her arms. The doctor said it was the fastest baby he's ever delivered. Hermione held her tiredly in her arms as Harry sat by her side. "Look at that little bundle of joy…" said Harry. "She's beautiful," said Hermione. "She's you." said Harry sweetly and smiled at her. When the baby opened her eyes and cooed for the first time, they could see green emerald eyes looking back at them. The couple smiled. "She has your eyes…," she said. "Like father, like daughter…" said Harry. "And like Grandmother…" she said. "Yeah…" Harry agreed. "What do you say we name her after your mother Harry?" "Because of the eyes?" "That, and because she's partially your daughter and your mother's granddaughter. I'm sure she would be happy if we named our daughter after her…" He smiled sweetly at her. "Sounds good to me…" he said and kissed her briefly on the lips as they fell asleep in each other's arms. The days went by quickly. Soon little Lily started to talk and then crawl and soon she was walking. By the time, she was two years old, Hermione was pregnant again and gave birth to a baby boy that they named James after Harry's father because he had Harry's hair and face and Hermione's eyes. In some ways the opposite of his now older sister. One year later they gave birth to their third child who looked like Harry because of the eyes and named her Gwen, another year later, they had a fourth child with Hermione's eyes and a combination of her own and Harry's features. They named her Jane, after Hermione's middle name. Lastly, two years later, they had their fifth and last child who they named Ben who had the same green eyes his sisters had. By the time the little ones were born, Harry and Hermione were twenty-four years old and their oldest daughter was already in first grade. As Harry tucked his youngest children to sleep one night and joined his wife in their bed, they cuddled under the blanket and Harry smiled happily. He finally had a wife and a family. He had a family and a wife he loved and he couldn't be happier and neither could she. They knew they would remain happy for as long as they lived. And they couldn't be happier about it… And they lived happily ever after… The end… So there it is. Sorry if the first half was a little depressive. But I made up for it with the happy development that followed afterward. Anyway, I hope you guys liked it. And if you would leave a review, I'd greatly appreciate it… Peace out everyone…