moonlight. Harry picked up his new wife bridal style, and carried her into their bedroom. He placed her on the bed. They lay beside each other and kissed tenderly, made love as they slowly fell asleep in each other's arms… Since their first night as a couple, several weeks have passed. While eating breakfast, Hermione sat by the table while Harry drank his morning pumpkin juice. Finally Hermione spoke. "Harry listen, I have something to tell you…" "What's that Hermione?" She blushed, feeling hesitant. "I… I… I'm pregnant…," she admitted bashfully. Harry almost chocked on his juice. He coughed loudly as he slowly caught his breathe. "Are you sure?" he asked and she nodded. "Yes." she said sheepishly. Harry's face went from an expression of shock to immense happiness. He got up, brought her into a hug, and held her tightly against his chest. "Hermione this is wonderful. I'm so glad…," he said as she rested in his embrace. "Me too Harry… me too…" Several months later… "Well congratulations Harry, you're a daddy…" said Hermione as she lay in a hospital bed and held their newborn baby in her arms. He kissed her briefly on the lips and sat down beside her. "How do you feel?" she asked. "I'll be alright." She said and he nodded. They then turned their attention the little girl in her arms. "She looks like you." He said. "Except for the eyes…" she added and Harry chuckled. "Like father, like daughter…" he said and she laughed. "What should we call her?" asked Hermione. Harry thought for a minute. "Would it be okay if we called her Ginny? In memory of my late first wife?" expecting her to be jealous, Hermione smiled. "I think that's a wonderful idea. I know Ron would appreciate it." "Yeah…" agreed Harry. "So, Ginny it is." Said Hermione as Harry snuggled up to his tired wife as they held their daughter in their hands. If one daughter wasn't enough, over the next six years, Hermione gave birth to two more children. A son, which they named James after Harry's father and another daughter, which they named Gwendolyn. Now they were a happy family unit. Now that she was married to Harry, Hermione has never been happier. She knew Ron meant well at times but he just wasn't for her and she hoped he understood that. While shopping at the grocery store one time with Harry and their kids, they ran into Ron and Luna. The two were standing close to one another and had a boy and a girl with them. Luna was holding the girl while the boy stood next to Ron's leg. He saw how happy Hermione and Harry were and how happy he made her. Feeling it was time to make amends, he approached him. "Hi guys." He said and they turned to look at him. They smiled. "Hello Ron." Said Harry. "It's been a while." He added. "It has." agreed the redhead. "Hello everyone…" said a dim voice as Luna joined them. "Good to see you Luna." Said Hermione and Harry. "Harry and Hermione, I'd like you to meet my new wife. Luna." He said and presented her to them. All they could do was smile, happy for their old friend as he continued. "And these are our kids, Daniel and Lily…" he said and they all smiled. Harry introduced their kids. Ginny was standing beside them and beside her stood James. Gwendolyn was hanging from a harness around Hermione's shoulders. When he heard they named their first child after his late sister, Ron smiled emotionally. "Thank you…," he said wholeheartedly. "For what?" asked the other couple, confused by his sudden expression of gratitude. "For naming your first child after my baby sister and after your first wife Harry. It means a lot to me. It feels like you're keeping her memory alive." The two smiled. "You're welcome. It was important to us as well…" they said and they all nodded. After a short pause Ron spoke. "I'm sorry I gave you two a hard time back in the day. I guess I was still jealous and I was mad at Harry for stealing my ex-wife. All I wanted was for Hermione to be happy and have the person she could have. But now I realize that she already has that…" he said happily and Harry and Hermione smiled warmly, touched by his kind words. "Apology accepted." They said with a smile as they all shook hands, exchanged hugs, as they all became friends again, proceeded to the checkout, and left the grocery store as equals and friends again. They were all happier, and in a better place than they were the last time around… All was well… The end… So yeah… I know some of you might be mad at me because of this so let me state my reasons for this before you respond. I read a while ago that J.K Rowling originally wanted Harry to end up with Hermione and regretted setting her up with Ron. I always believed Harry belonged with Hermione and Rowling echoed my thoughts that she would be happier with him. Knowing she would probably never write another canon book to change that, I decided to write my own take on it. I'm sorry I killed Ginny off and I know many of you may be pissed at me because of that, but I felt it had to be powerful and Harry had to be in mourning, so that Hermione could scoop him up to help him get back on his feet again. Along the way, Harry would realize his true feelings for her and they would both end happier than they were the first time around and the same goes for Ron. Anyway, I hope you guys liked it nonetheless and if you would leave a review I'd greatly appreciate it. If you have any flames or complaints please try to keep them in check. Thank you… Peace out…