hair. He knew she could feel the stiffness rubbing against the back of her thighs and he reveled in the way her face scrunched up in disgust. When she didn't answer, he slammed her head into the wood floor until she began sobbing again, her face a bloody mess. "Where. Is. Your. Wand?" "On my bed," she cried, sobbing harder. "Good girl, " he muttered into her hair, leaning close to chomp his teeth down on her neck, causing pain to erupt down her entire body. Olive let out a cry, screaming out for her dad once more. When he left her to grab the wand, she slumped against the floor, unable to move her limbs. Everything in her vision was red and she clenched her eyes shut, feeling her body shake violently against the floor as she sobbed. She'd already grown tired, she hoped they killed her quickly. When he returned, he picked her up bridal-style and fixed the towel around her before he carried her downstairs. Olive's eyes were closed now, but she heard the other men whoop and holler, yelling crude things about her half-naked state. To Scabior's amusement, her beaten father struggled against his restraints with tear-filled eyes at the sight of his daughter limp in his arms. He would not be so amused later, though, when he realized that Olive had slid her wand from his back pocket as he'd carried her down the stairs. With an unceremonious creaking of springs, Olive was dumped on the couch and let out another moan of pain, careful to keep her wand hidden beneath her and the cushions. Luckily, that arm landed first, so it didn't draw too much attention and the wand was exposed for only a short moment, the men all missing it. She risked opening her eyes and rolled her head toward her dad. His face was cast in red light, like everything else, and the room danced and spun when she tried to lift her head. All the men shifted with a sudden movement, Scabior grabbing his chest. "Fuck, someone Taboo'd. Booke and Booke -," he said to two similar men, all enjoyment out of his voice, "- take care of the muggle. Bind the mudblood an' bring her to camp. I want a night with her before we cash'er in," he said with a coy smile aimed at Olive's father, daring him to make one noise of protest. "The rest o'you lot, let's go." The men all nodded to Scabior. "Epping Forest in the valley, the usual spot" he said to the Booke twins, him and the other three disappearing with a crack. The thick boys chortled as they looked down on her nearly exposed body, the blood still running from her head and many bruises forming. "Go' a li'le rough 'wiv ya, that Scabior?" the shorter one asked. Olive was frightened by the chunk missing from the man's nose, but continued to lay emotionless. She waited for the Obliviate which would erase her and the wizarding world forever from her father's memory. It never came. The one with the scar across his lip raised his wand. "Avada Kedavra!" All the pain left her body in an instant, frantic as the light left her father's eyes. She snapped. She thought of that night now as she walked the camp perimeter a third time, listening for muggles or muggleborns. Half-bloods, even. She thought about it a lot, even though she sometimes wished she would forget. She'd killed both brothers with her hidden wand that night. She'd stolen Xavier's clothes and identity and hid their bodies. Stuffing a few small reminders of her father into Xavier's pockets, she alerted the muggle police that she thought her father was dead, gave him a final kiss goodbye, and apparated to the exact spot Scabior had told them to go. It was stupid and she knew it, but she was going to kill him. Every time her body screamed out in pain, warning her to run, she took another step toward that camp, hell-bent on revenge. She faked a deep crying to cover for her own feminine voice and told them lie after lie - how the girl had a wand, how she killed Alexander after he killed her father, how he had barely gotten away. Scabior Crucio' d Xavier for his stupidity and Olive thought she was going to die from the pain. Even though she appeared as unharmed Xavier, her wounds were still very much real under the guise and he tortured her so badly that her head ached for nine days after that night. That had been months ago now. At first, she said she was waiting until she was fully healed, then until the right moment. Meanwhile, she had to snatch these innocent people with Xavier's body to remain safe. She could feel their pain as they sobbed, but she continued. She continued to turn them in, knowing full and well they'd be killed. It was survival, she would tell herself. It was hunt or be hunted. While Olive took guard around the camp, Scabior lay in the tent, surrounded in the honeysuckle aroma . It seemed to follow him everywhere - taunting him for falling for the girl's act, for letting her steal back her wand and kill one of his men. He would find her for making him such an embarrassment. He swore to himself that he'd make her cry out for a father who was no longer there. And he suspected if he wanted to find her, he needed to start with Xavier. The scent clung to him every few days when he would disappear and Scabior was beginning to theorize that she was paying him off. It wasn't a common scent for a woman and he knew it had to be her he was smelling. Maybe she had friends with money. Maybe she was fucking him in exchange for her freedom. Whatever it was, he would find her through Xavier.