his robes falling over his head to reveal skinny, pallid legs and a pair of greying underpants, with Potter's wand pointed right at him. Many people in the crowd watching cheered. Black, Potter, and Pettigrew roared with laughter, and even I had to stifle a snort at the sight. Evans, whose furious expression had twitched for an instant as though she was going to smile, said, "Let him down!" "Certainly," Potter said and he jerked his wand upward. Snape fell into a crumpled heap on the ground. Disentangling himself from his robes, he got quickly to his feet, snatching up his wand, but Black directed his own at him with an unfriendly sneer, saying, "Petrificus Totalus!" Snape keeled over, as rigid as a board, and Evans's eyes nearly shot sparks. "Will you – LEAVE HIM ALONE!" she shouted. She had her own wand out now. Potter and Black eyed it warily. "Ah, Evans, don't make me hex you," said Potter earnestly. "Take the curse off him, then!" Potter sighed deeply, then turned to Snape and muttered the countercurse. "There you go," he said, as Snape struggled to his feet again, "you're lucky Evans was here, Snivellus — " "I don't need help from filthy little Mudbloods like her!" Snape spat, and the watching crowd grew still. I sucked in a sharp breath. Evans merely blinked. "Fine," she said coolly. "I won't bother in future. And I'd wash your pants if I were you, Snivellus." "Apologize to her!" Potter roared at Snape, his wand pointed threateningly at him. "I don't want you to make him apologize," Evans snapped, rounding on the other boy. "You're as bad as he is!" "What?" Potter yelped. "I'd never call you a – you-know-what!" "Messing up your hair because you think it looks cool like you've just got off your broomstick, showing off with that stupid Snitch, walking down corridors and hexing anyone who annoys you just because you can – I'm surprised your broomstick can get off the ground with that fat head on it. You make me sick." She turned on her heel and hurried away. "Evans!" Potter shouted after her. "Hey, EVANS!" She didn't look back. "What is it with her?" he said, trying and failing to look as though this was a throwaway question of no real importance to him. "Reading between the lines, I'd say she thinks you're a bit conceited, mate," said Black, clapping him on the shoulder, and Potter's jaw tightened. "Right," he said, now looking furious, "right — " There was another flash of light, and Snape was once again hanging upside down in the air. "Who wants to see me take off Snivelly's pants?" There was another cheer, but I had seen too much. "That's enough." I strode forward, flicking my wand and muttering the countercurse. Snape went sprawling in the grass again, but my glare wasn't directed at him. "And who are you?" Potter sneered at me, obviously angry that I had interrupted his show, but his tantrum needed to be reined in, and since Lupin obviously wasn't going to do anything and Evans had stormed off, that task was left to me. "Ravenclaw Prefect," I said coldly, tapping the silver badge pinned to my robes, and I saw his hazel eyes, hidden behind two circles of glass, flicker uneasily. "And unless the two of you want to spend the rest of your term trapped in detention, then I suggest you let him go." I pointed to Snape, who was now trembling with rage, and my next words were aimed at him. "And if you even twitch that wand in this direction, I'll make sure you get the same treatment. Now leave." After a slight hesitation, in which Snape glared at me poisonously, he stowed away his wand and collected his bag, throwing one last look of loathing over his shoulder at the two boys before stalking back to the castle, disappointed murmurs and jeers to the pale boy erupting amongst the gathered crowd. I turned back to the two boys in front of me, trying not to let my eyes stray to Black as I eyed Potter with the most authoritative glare I could muster. "Show's over," I said to the crowd at large. "Go back to whatever you were doing before I start docking points." There were several groans and complaints at this, but people started to disperse, already dissecting what had happened, and I knew that by dawn tomorrow there'd be a hundred different rumors. "As for you two," I said, facing the two boys once more, "fifty points from Gryffindor for instigating an attack on a fellow student." "Fifty points?" Potter echoed incredulously. "You've got to be joking! We're at a tie for the House Cup with Slytherin!" "Fifty points can be made up easily," I said coolly. "Would you care to make it one hundred?" Potter blanched. "No," he mumbled, and I nodded briskly. "Good," I said. "You should get yourself to the hospital wing, Potter. That gash looks deep." He started, reaching up to touch his cheek where Snape's curse had hit him as if he had forgotten it was there. "Er, right," he said. He jerked his head at Pettigrew and Lupin, who had conveniently emerged from his book after Snape had gone, and the two boys obediently came over to him. "Let's go, mates." With a last disgruntled look, Potter set off for the castle, the three boys trailing after him. I studiously avoided looking at Black until I was sure he was far enough away before chancing a glance, only seeing his retreating back. In all honesty though, it was better off this way. After this, I only had to suffer two more years before I could graduate and never see him again, and that shouldn't be too hard. I wish I'd known back then how laughable of a statement that would turn out to be. Please review! Any and all feedback is welcomed and encouraged! xx