on. Draco wanted to whine at the loss of being able to view Harry's chest so openly, but he refrained. The gear was like a long sleeved shirt as it covered his front and back to his hips and went down to his wrists. They wore gloves that protected their hands and had pants that protected their lower extremities. All aurors wore boots as well. They were theoretically protected from shoulder to toe. Harry, however, only wore the shirt part of the gear. He stood there trying to figure out what was bothering him about the shirt. It was something that caused him not to like it. "Well, what do you think?" Draco asked. "I feel like I'm ten pounds heavier with this on," Harry replied. Draco frowned and stepped closer. He looked down at Harry, not much since he was only a couple of inches taller, and fingered the material on his arm. Draco thought that it would be the safest place to touch. Harry seemed to agree, although Draco was pretty sure he heard a quiet gasp from Harry at their closeness. "It does feel heavier than it probably should. Maybe I need to experiment with different materials," Draco said, seemingly stating his thoughts aloud. "Well, maybe if it was material like my invisibility cloak. That material is very lightweight, but it's not very breathable, especially if you have more than one person underneath," Harry suggested. Draco lifted his eyebrow. "More than one person?" Harry laughed. "Well, when I was younger, Hermione and Ron would go under the cloak with me and we'd move about the castle…" he trailed off as he saw Draco's eyes widened slightly and then narrow. Harry frowned as Draco looked away. Draco cleared his throat. It shouldn't still bother him that Ron and Hermione were Harry's best friends and that Harry had turned down his friendship when they were eleven, and most days it didn't, but at this moment it bothered him, immensely. "Do you happen to have your cloak handy for me to feel the material?" he asked after a moment of refocusing his feelings. Harry reached into his pocket and pulled out something shiny. He tapped it with his wand and at resized into his invisibility cloak. He hesitated for just a moment before he handed it to Draco. If Draco was surprised, he didn't show it. Draco took the cloak and ran it through his fingers. It felt like silk, but he knew that it wasn't. It was smooth and lightweight. He wasn't quite sure that he could duplicate the material, but he might be able to get close enough. "Can I try it on?" he asked curiously. Harry wanted to say no, but he decided against it. "Yeah, um, sure," Harry replied. Draco nodded and slipped the cloak on, disappearing completely. Harry shifted nervously and worried his lip. He sincerely hoped that Draco wouldn't walk off with it. Of course, he had no need to worry as Draco started talking about it. "I can see how it might seem not very breathable. Do you mind testing it out with me for a moment?" he asked. Harry gulped. "Like, you want me to go under there…with you?" he asked. Draco snorted. "Obviously," he replied, but he was blushing deeply and glad that Harry could not see him for the moment. Harry took a deep breath and tried to draw on his Gryffindor courage that he somehow seemed to lack when it came to Draco. He stepped forward and slipped under the cloak with Draco. They were way too close as the cloak could definitely not hold two adult men, but it was for science so it must be done. Draco looked up and his eyes met Harry's. They stared at each other for a moment, neither one speaking and seemingly not breathing. It was unbearably hot under there, or at least it felt that way. Draco's face flushed. "Yes, I suppose it is not very breathable under here," he whispered. Harry nodded. "I told you," he replied just as quietly. Their eyes met and locked again. Draco seemed to be searching Harry's face for some indication of something. Harry wasn't sure what he was looking for, but he suddenly felt like he either needed to kiss him or get out from under the cloak right away. He started to lean forward involuntarily it seemed. In response, Draco's eyes widened and he leaned back slightly. Harry frowned and backtracked completely out from under the cloak, bumping into the workstation. "Um, so I should probably go maybe head home I think. Um, I'll remember my gear and um, good luck trying to figure out how to make the gear more lightweight. So, uh, see ya'," he muttered as he started for the door, nearly tripping over his own feet. Once on the other side of the door, he leaned against the door and took several deep breaths. He nearly tried to kiss Draco and Draco clearly didn't want it. Merlin, he felt so embarrassed and he was going to kill Hermione and Ron. Draco slipped out from under Harry's cloak. His heart was pounding and his stomach was turning violently. Potter just tried to kiss me and I leaned back? What the hell? Draco thought angrily. He had accepted a long time ago that he had a thing for Harry. He couldn't deny it to himself any longer, but that didn't mean he wanted to admit it to anyone else. Why did I lean back? Draco tossed Harry's cloak on another workstation and scowled at it. He sighed and picked it up again, folding it nicely. He considered leaving it, but knew that it was a treasured heirloom to Harry so he sighed again, shrunk it down, and put it in his pocket. He'd give Harry some time to fume and then he'd go to his office and return the cloak. He only hoped that he didn't screw up by leaning back.