to the physical and mental work you've accomplished over the last 7 years." "It is, but then when I get back to the burrow, I'm dealing with constant sadness. I understand we're all mourning people and that we've just finished burying our dearest friends. The constant mood swings from Ronald are getting so tiresome though. He just wants to be physical all the time and if he's not physical he's losing his temper about the smallest situations. At the end of the day, it's just exhausting. I can't turn to anyone because what would I say? 'Ginny, I know you're mourning Fred as well, but your brother is being an insufferable prat'. It's not like I can talk to my parents as we're still trying to get their memories back after we found them a couple weeks ago. I just feel like I have no one to talk to who understands and I feel guilty that I'm feeling this when my boyfriend and best friends have just lost their brother." All of this came flooding out of Hermione before she could stop herself and think. Had she been keeping all of this inside? She felt a sigh of relief come over her as she let the words slip aloud. "It sounds as though we have a place to start doesn't it?" They talked for the full hour and as their session came to an end she thanked Estella feeling much happier than she had before going in. Hermione felt as though she might be able to get past her nightmares eventually. Opening the door and making her way to the stairs she heard a distinct snigger. Knowing the sound of the voice that released it, more than irritated, she turned to face Malfoy. "You're still here? Nothing better to do Malfoy? I thought you'd be home asking mummy for a hug by now." The smirk on his face quickly diminishing and turning into ice cold stare that made Hermione feel as if looks could kill, she would be dead. Quickly moving towards her, his eyes locked in hers, he watched her try to suppress the panic rising in her chest. As he became within inches of her face he spoke. "Estella thought it might help me to do some charity. Help those in need after the war. I immediately thought of you and the Weaslebee's. If anyone was a perfect charity case it's you lot." Bringing her hand across his face she slapped him before she had put more than a second thought into it. Without hesitation he grabbed her wrist, then the other with extreme force anger flooding his grey eyes and pushed her painfully against the wall challenging her to try it again. Not backing down, their eyes staring dangerously at each other, Hermione didn't move as she glared back daring him to make another move. She could feel the warmth of his breath as his lips were slightly ajar, smelling the linger of the black tea he had earlier. She could see his chest rise and fall in her peripheral vision and the sweat beads streaming down near his eyes as he held her there. "Let me go Malfoy." She said with confidence in her voice. "Or what? You going to stick your Weaslbee on me?" "I can handle myself perfectly. I don't need Ron to fight my battles." "Oh that's right. I forgot the Gryffindor Princess always had to save him because he's a weak excuse for a Pure-Blood." Rolling her eyes she wasn't even putting up a fight. She was too exhausted to try to get free when she knew Malfoy was much stronger than her. She could see the definition of his biceps as he held her wrists against the wall. If Malfoy didn't disgust her so much she would have found it arousing, the thought of those muscles on Ron would have been something of enjoyment. As it was, Ron was letting himself enjoy in the sweets a bit more than usual. Sensing the fight was over as he wasn't getting the satisfaction of fighting her that she normally gave him, he forcefully pushed himself away from Hermione. "Stay out of my sight." He sneered turning and descended down the stairs. Hermione couldn't help but smile as she gracefully walked down the stairs. Though it wasn't a pleasure seeing Malfoy, it was a nice break in the rather repetitive routine she'd gotten herself into. Returning to the burrow, she tried to tell Ron about her session with Estella which of course started another argument between the two. Ron felt like she was overstepping again and didn't want her help. Frustrated she ran up the stairs to the room she shared with Ginny and fell into her bed face first and screamed. Turning her head she noticed an owl she hadn't recognized. Getting up she walked over to it and stroked it taking the letter from its leg. Trying to decide what will benefit more. Destroying the Weaslebee's home so they can make a new one, or just donating the money. Though that would be a lost cause because they wouldn't know what to do with it. It wasn't signed but she quickly knew who it was from. Getting a piece of parchment she wrote: How about you focus on something that's actually helpful, like fixing up the school. H. G. Attaching the parchment to the owl she stroked it again before it flew off. Laying down she started to think. Malfoy had written her hours after their altercation. She had never once received a post from him in all the years she had known him. This past year he had changed so much, going against his family, the Dark Lord, to lie about Harry after she had cast the Stinging Jinx. He was hesitant about joining him. Overall he seemed like he was thinking on his own. If only he'd stop calling her a mudblood, maybe they could get past their school days.