a sign "Boys Dormitory" and "Girls Dormitory" Roseanna rushed up the stairs. She reached the top. There were 7 rooms. She entered the one that said 'fourth years'. She found 14 beds. Everyone of them was filled. She didn't see her trunk on the foot of her bed, or her cat anywhere. All the girls flooded in, brushing past Roseanna. There were no beds left as each girl sat at one with their trunk. Roseanna stood in the middle of the room. She exited very confused. She entered a small eighth door at the end of the hallway. She didn't notice it before. There was no sign and the door looked as if it were clawed or scratched at. She quietly opened the door and her eyes widened at the words she saw. 'THIS ROOM DOESN'T CONTAIN GOOD LUCK MUCH' Roseanna let out a gasp. "Scourgify." she muttered with a flick of her wand. Roseanna's wand was made of Vine wood and Unicorn Hair. Her wand was a dark handsome brown with green firm vines following the tip. The room instantly was repainted but still rusty. The walls were white and grey. There was a Gryffindor poster and a Quidditch poster of a Snitch. There was also a picture of a famous auror woman. 'Ramona Eastman' Her bed was white with Gryffindor colored sheets. She had a lamp and a desk in the corner of the room. The wood was spruce. The floor was a hard marble with brown greyish colors. She had a closet and a window. It was raining and hailing. The trees were flailing and branches and leaves were falling. Her class schedule was on the desk, along with all her study books. She opened her closet. All her robes and Gryffindor badges. Her Hogsmeade permission slip was already turned in. They told about a Yule Ball at Christmas. On Saturday or Sunday she'd have to buy a dress before the Yule Ball so she was prepared. Roseanna had a few clothes on the side. Her underclothes were in a clear drawer under her robes hanging onto the rack. Her shoes were on the floor on each side of the drawer. There was a mirror on the side of the closet too. She didn't really have an interest at looking at herself at the moment. She checked for all her items and closed the closet. She looked over to see another door. She opened it and saw a bathroom. Rusty and dull. "Scourgify." she muttered. The room turned to a blinding white. Resembling her teeth. I HAD TO IM SORRY LOLOLOLO She exited her bathroom and grabbed some pajamas out of her closet. She grabbed a white nightgown. (All her pajamas were white nightgowns). She entered the bathroom and turned on the shower. She placed her nightgown on the sink. She prepared herself for the shower and stepped in. Unfortunately, she slipped and hit her ribcage on the knob and hit her head on the fountain. She fell flat on her back. She hurt to move. Roseanna heaved herself up. She set her wand in a box in the closet so she couldn't use a spell to comfort her aches. She stumbled a bit but caught her balance on the shower handle. She grabbed her bathing appliances and applied them to herself. She used 5 shampoos and 5 conditioners. On one side of her hair was: Cotton candy, watermelon, strawberry, vanilla, mint. On the other side she had: Honey, fresh paper parchment, orange, grape, and apple. She had fresh paper parchment for those who study a lot. She could do a nice hair swing with it. She stepped cautiously out of the shower. She muttered a charm to dry and French braid her hair. Curly was not okay. It had to be extra curly. Roseanna grabbed her moisturizer. She acted a bit vain sometimes. She really didn't notice. She called it 'having a daily makeover'. She especially wanted to look nice since Yule Ball was coming up. She slipped into her nightgown and slippers. She brushed her teeth and applied a sleeping skin mask. She padded out of the bathroom. She grabbed a (whatever you call those things that manicure nails ._.) She did that for about ten minutes then coated white fingernail polish over her plain fingernails and toenails. She smiled to herself. She picked up her schedule and read. Roseanna Lynn Ellis Hogwarts Class Scheduled Order of classes arranged by Minerva McGonagall Breakfast 7:00am-7:30am Potions 8:00am-9:10am Transfiguration 9:20am-10:30am Ancient Runes 10:40am-11:50am Lunch 12:00pm-12:45pm Free Period/Quidditch Tryouts 12:55pm-1:55pm Care of Magical Creatures 1:25pm-2:35pm Defence Against the Dark Arts 2:45pm-3:55pm Free Time 4:00pm Dinner 6:30pm Curfew 9:00pm She read over the list a few times. She opened her closet and pulled out a white bag with pink floral designs. With a flick of Roseanna's wand she turned it to floral Gryffindor colors. She stuffed fresh new parchments, new quills, fresh ink, all her study books, and a bag of enchanted-to-last-forever-and-be-fresh carrots. Roseanna also stuffed some apples and a bit of chocolate in the bag. She didn't want to sneak food from lunch so she just put her own in her bag. She remembered to enchant each one to be fresh for a while. Wait. She enchanted to be fresh for like a month? No, six months. Yes 6 months. She finally pulled out a lavender smelling candle and placed it on her desk. She turned off her lamp and slipped into bed. She put on her white sleeping mask and slept on her back with her hands by her sides. She snuggled further into the bed, sagging into the cushion. She drifted off before she could give another thought. Yes that is the first chapter. And I said lamp. There is no electricity at Hogwarts. Please, imagine I said really big candle. I may be going a bit fast. Please review what character I should hook Roseanna up with for the ball! Signed, Author writing this story