influx of magical energy in the air. As an Auror, he was trained to detect large magical caches like this one. Despite the sheer amount of magical charge he was emitting, the spell that Malfoy had just cast felt like delicate vines rather than the tsunami that his energy suggested. The spell climbed up Harry's arms onto his body, casting off grime as it went. By the time it was done, Harry was fully clean and shaking a bit from the energy around him. Malfoy had swept past him towards his front door, and he could hear him greeting Andromeda. Harry shook his head, as if to clear his thoughts, and went to meet them. "Ah, Harry dear," Andromeda said as soon as he rounded the corner. "How was it?" Harry heard the worried undertone of Did Teddy give you too much trouble? in her voice, and he hurried to reassure her. "Oh don't worry 'Dromeda, he was a doll as always." He ruffled Teddy's hair and looked down at the little boy, who looked up at him with an innocent smirk. Harry was startled to see how much he looked like Malfoy in that moment. They were cousins, he supposed. "Oh yes, well…" Andromeda trailed off, looking at Malfoy, who was looking at Teddy with soft eyes. Since when would I describe anything about Malfoy as soft? Harry thought. Ridiculous. The older woman spoke up again. "Maybe I could help you clean up in the kitchen for a moment. Come along." She had dragged him into the kitchen swiftly with the grip of a much younger woman before Harry could even speak a word of dissent, and began to cast cleaning spells everywhere. As the soap began to cover the plates and pans that were piled high next to his sink, Andromeda turned to him sharply. "Was that good for you, Harry dear?" "Erm, what? What was good?" "The brunch!" Andromeda exclaimed, one hand on her hip and the other waving excitedly in the air. "This… this whole affair! Was it good?" "Um. Yes?" He supposed it had gone as well as any of their brunches. "Good!" She beamed, and squeezed his arm. "Narcissa will be so pleased to hear. She's been wanting Draco to make amends with you so badly, and here is his chance, finally! Not to mention that we haven't caught up in ages, and it'll be nice to do so more often, and with Teddy off my hands…" She trailed off. Harry had picked up on something that she had said - the words "more often" - and opened his mouth to ask her about it, but she began to talk again. "I suppose you won't mind if we make this a regularly scheduled thing, darling. We - that is, Cissa and I - just thought it would be so beneficial for all of us!" She smiled wider and looked to Harry sort of anxiously. Harry just looked at her for a moment before he gathered he was being called upon to respond. "Oh. Yes. You and Narcissa should catch up," he felt himself saying. "And." He had to squeeze the next words out of his throat, as if they didn't want to emerge. "Malfoy and I will take care of Teddy." "Oh marvelous," she said. And that was that. She and Teddy swept out of Grimmauld Place quickly, leaving behind quiet salutations and cheek kisses from Andromeda and screaming goodbyes from Teddy. Malfoy stood in the doorframe, watching them as they Apparated away. Harry approached him from behind as quietly as he could, rewarded when the pale man in front of him jumped as Harry cleared his throat. Finally, his Auror training was coming in handy in his life outside of work. "Scared, Malfoy?" Harry sneered at him with a smile on his face. "You wish." Malfoy shot a glare at Harry and turned back toward the door, watching the quiet street in front of them. The two of them stood in silence for several minutes. The only sounds were of their mixed breathing and the faint scrubbing of the dishes in the kitchen. "Thank you." Harry said finally. "What?" Malfoy started. "Well, no need to sound so flabbergasted." Harry chuckled. "I said thank you. For the Cleaning Charm." "Hmm." "I'm not very good at that sort of thing. Never have been." "It's sort of necessary in my profession," Malfoy said, and then shrugged. "What do you do?" "Healer." "Ah. Yes." Harry nodded, not asking why he had chosen it. "Well, I ought to be going. I guess I'll see you next week, Potter." Malfoy didn't meet his eyes as he stepped out of the house, and Harry caught the same tinge of pink that he had seen earlier on his face. "Oh, you heard that?" Harry said, and Malfoy nodded. "Yes, I guess I will see you next week." As Malfoy stepped away, Harry felt a sudden urge to catch his arm, and so he did. Malfoy looked down again, obviously startled, and then looked up at Harry. "I think… if we're going to be taking care of Teddy so often… we should take care of ourselves first," Harry said firmly. He hardly noticed the flush that spread across the other man's face. "We should make amends," he clarified. "It won't do to be so obsessed with our old rivalry from our school days with Teddy at such an impressionable age." "Ah. Yes." Malfoy looked up at Harry. "I agree." With that, he wrenched his arm from Harry's grasp, ran down the steps, and Apparated away. Harry looked after him, confused, but elected to close the door and retreat inside Grimmauld Place instead of speculating on it any longer. Did y'all like that? I'm praying so. I almost cried from frustration while I was writing the last bit, I wanted them to kiss so badly. But no, I gotta stretch the tension as much as possible! Ahhhh... If you liked it, please review!