Malfoy! If you don't unbind my hands and let me fuck you I'm going to scream." She huffed, annoyed. She could feel her juices sliding down her thighs she was so wet. "Bossy little witch." He countered with no heat. His lips were on her neck, sucking, nibbling. She felt the tie around her wrists loosen, and she rolled over, throwing herself into his arms. Their kiss was roughened with desire. Tongues tangled, teeth nipped, hands teased, and the proof of his need was pressed firmly into her belly. Draco allowed Hermione to tug him to the bed. He smirked up at her as she threw a leg across his hips, his eyes rolled back in his head as she took him all in one swift slide of their bodies. "Fucking hell. You feel so fucking good." He groaned. His hands settled onto her hips, urging her on. "Right back atcha, handsome." She teased, rolling her hips. Sweat dampened their skin. She was almost there…. Draco knew her tells, and ran a figure eight pattern over her clit. That tiny motion was all it took to push Hermione over the edge. "Oh Gods!" She moaned letting the waves of pleasure wash over her. He fought off his own orgasm as she contracted around him; as tight as a fist. As she came back from subspace, he flipped her onto her back. "My turn, Pet." He growled, lifting her legs to her shoulders and sliding home. This position was a favorite for the couple, guaranteeing mutual satisfaction. He plowed into her over and over, His face twisted in pleasure. Even though she had just came, she felt another quickly building. Her sharp nails dug into his arse and back as she used what little strength she had left to push back against him. He found the spot that made her see stars, and she threw her head back on a loud moan. "Draco!" His answering grin was pure sex as he fucked into her. "Come on. You've got another one in you." He teased. He knew she was close as he could feel the telltale flutters of her walls around him. "Come on, Hermione, touch yourself. Let me feel you make yourself come again." He coaxed. Her name on his lips was enough to drag the final ragged cry from her as she went rigid underneath him. Her orgasm triggered his own, and he lost himself to the velvet grip of her body. He couldn't think or move for a moment. He was so utterly content. She gently petted his back, his hair, anything she could reach. The way they fit together was astounding. He finally gathered the energy to roll over, and with a laugh said; "If we keep this up, I'm pretty sure we're going to kill each other." She quirked an eyebrow, "Well, it'll be one hell of a way to go. Gives a new meaning to the term end with a bang right?" She giggled, rolling over to snuggle into his chest. The downy blond hair there tickled her cheek. He chuckled, wrapping his arms around her, and rubbing soothing circles into her back. She was content in the peaceful afterglow. Her eyes grew heavy, and she yawned. It was after two in the morning and she had been up since six the previous morning. "Hermione, I know you're exhausted, but I have… a proposition for you." She glanced up at him. He looked nervous, which was not a face she was familiar with on him. She nodded for him to continue. "What would you say if I were to go out as an independent barrister? The magical private sector needs law now more than ever." His voice was earnest, almost shy. "Why would you want to do a thing like that, Dray? You've worked so bloody hard to get where you are! There is no one in that office who is half the barrister as you, present company excluded of course." She sat up, wrapping a sheet around her shoulders, generally perplexed. "Because I want there to be an 'Us'. I want to be able to kiss you in public. I don't want to hide anymore. If I opened a private office, we would be free to do as we please. I don't give a shite about trying to rebuild my family legacy. I spent five years doing just that, and Gods be damned if I don't want to do something for myself. Hermione, be with me. For the first time since I was 15 I feel whole again when I'm with you. You make me better. Fuck the ministry." Draco took her hands into his own, kissing her palms. "You may let me own your body, but you own my soul." He muttered looking deep into her eyes. She was absolutely gob smacked. "You'd leave everything you've worked to build for me?" She whispered. "In a bloody second. What good is all of it without the woman who I love beside me? It means nothing without you." He said candidly with a soft smile. "What do you say, love?" "Yes, Gods be damned, my foolish heart loves you too. If you're sure about this, then I'll support you one hundred percent." She leapt into his arms, kissing him furiously. "Well, that's fortunate because I've already turned in my notice and rented a space in Diagon Alley." He laughed at her shocked face. "I've had this in the works for the last month. I fully intend on taking the incentive to snog you senseless at work on my last day though. Just because I can. Because you're mine, Hermione Granger." He gloated, silver eyes shining as he pushed her onto her back. "You sneaky snake!" She laughed. "You'll have to find a way to make amends for hiding this from me for so long, you know." She pulled him in for a light kiss. "I can think of a few ways." He smirked, "Orgasms count, right?"