out with my flat-mate, Chris, for a while. She's not exactly the brightest bulb on the Christmas tree but she's sweet and always a good laugh. She's just about to start looking for a CD when a voice calls from the bedroom, "Come on, Els, you gonna leave me waiting with this boner all day?" Well, Ella's a good laugh most of the time. "And that, Albus dear, is why I find myself currently on this train to Penzance without a clue as to what I'm doing," I conclude. Al's face is contorted in horror. Then he just looks confused. "But why here? " he asks. Good question. "I don't know," I say honestly. "When I heard Mark, I just turned around, grabbed my bag and started walking." Both him and Ella had called after me and followed me out of the flat, but frankly I didn't want to hear anything they had to say. "I ended up at King's Cross and got on the third train out of there." "Three your lucky number?" Al asks, raising an eyebrow. I laugh. "No, though that would be a better story." He still looks confused. "The first train was to Edinburgh- I can't stand the cold. And the second was to Paris, even I'm not that dramatic." Although I wouldn't put running away to Paris past me. Evan laughs and shakes his head. "You really are something, Isadora Fletcher." "Something? And all this time I just thought I was a floating spirit," I say. "Well, technically," he laughs, "that would be still be something. Just less, substantial." I laugh and then sigh deeply. Now that I've said it all out loud, it all sounds a lot crazier. In the space of six hours, I've lost everything. And now I'm speeding through the English countryside with less than thirty quid in muggle money in my pocket, a phone whose battery is probably dying and nowhere to go. Al seems to have read my expression. "You okay?" he asks tentatively. I smirk. "I'm really not sure." "I can't quite tope your day of shite," Al says, "but I can offer up a story that might have some condolence." "I'm all ears." "My fiancé dumped me this morning." "Shit." "My sentiments exactly. And we'd only been going out for a few months. And we'd only been engaged for a week. And we were supposed to be going to visit my family now." "Shit." "Tell me about it," he sighs. "I just don't know what to do. My parents were giving me grief about getting engaged so quickly- I hadn't actually told them about Emily, that's her name, until we were engaged. It was all just a bit whirlwind, you know?" I don't but I nod anyway. "And now we were all supposed to be going on this retreat together but I didn't know how to tell them that I'd well…" "Been dumped?" I prompt. Al doesn't look like he appreciates it very much. "Right, so now everyone is going to a spa week in Penzance with my new fiancé." "Sans fiancé," I say. Al sighs again. "Sorry." "No, it's okay. I just don't know what to do," he says. "But, condoled?" "Very much so." We both sit in silence for a few minutes contemplating our shit situations. "Relationships suck," Al says. "Amen." And then something occurs to me. It's ridiculous and embarrassing and Al may well just get up and walk away from me but… "Hey Albus?" He turns and looks at me, thoroughly confused as to why I'm addressing him like we haven't been talking for the past half-hour. "Issy?" "You said your family hadn't met your fiancé yet?" He's not catching on. "Well, have they seen a picture?" "No," Al says slowly, still perplexed. "Did you tell them that her name's Esme?" "Emily," he corrects. "Emily, whatever," I say. "Do they know that's her name?" "I put it in the letter, I think, yeah. Who doesn't tell their parents their fiance's na-" "Reckon we could pass it off that they read your terrible handwriting as that really saying Issy?" "I don't have terrible…" he trails off as he realises what I'm suggesting. He furrows his brow and gives me a strange look. Brilliant, I've officially lost the plot. Al will just get up and run down the train carriage away from this crazy girl (me). We'll get to Penzance and he'll go off with his lovely, famous family who will be supportive and sympathetic because his fiancé's left him and then they'll all have a good laugh about crazy old Isadora. Meanwhile, I'll run out of money pretty quickly and be reduced to begging outside a Waitrose until I start to smell and then they'll kick me out and I'll have to go and beg outside Aldi instead. "Issy- you okay?" Al asks, concerned that I've been staring into space for the last two minutes, imagining my future as Batty Beggar Isadora. "Eh- yeah," I say, coming back to my senses. Or, as much as I can do that on a day like today. "So, what do you think?" Al looks at me steadily. "I think," he says, "that you're actual mental." Oh god, here we go. Better find a hat for the nice people at Waitrose/Aldi to throw their coins into. "But it could actually work." Al is officially as mentally unstable as me. "And, I guess it would sort both our problems out." "Right? And then after this week, you can just leave it a while and then tell them that you called off the engagement." Al's nodding in agreement with me. "I like it," he says. "Well, you know what we have to do now," I tell him, and he looks blankly at me, "construct a fake relationship." A/N- I hope you enjoyed! I feel like this could be super fun to write! I love reviews & feedback! Alice x Edit- I've changed her name twice. I'm awful, I know.