I think you broke him," the blond girl says sheepishly, which helped brought him back to reality. He looks down on himself and close his eyes. "Give him a moment." Severus hears him say. After learning so much in a single conversation, Severus weighs his options. The idea of using Ki would be an interesting challenge for him. That power could give him an edge. He could use that to get back at Potter and his Marauders for all the years of bullying and torment he endured by their hands. Though as appealing learning and mastering a power that rivals magic entirely is, this offer could obviously be a ploy. To be used as another disposable tool like Voldemort and his Death Eaters would use him for. And the fact of becoming a disposable tool means he literally has no chance of a bright future, nothing. Who's to say these people won't treat him the same? "Why... why ask me?" Shaking and clenching his hands, Severus recalls the last time he talked to Lily. Her friendship was his only happiness in his existence but even she considered his existence worthless having in her life. Probably one of the reasons she dropped him as a friend. "You could ask a more suitable wizard that has more to offer than I do. I have nothing, I am nothing!" 'And that's the hard truth,' he closes his eyes and fights back a tear. He has been beaten, bruised, and rejected in both the Muggle and Wizarding world. Who is to say he won't experience the same in their world as well? "Severus my boy that is where you're wrong. For someone like you who can create their own arsenal of spells and refine potions to a great degree shouldn't consider himself as nothing." 'H-how did he know that?' Severus opens his eyes and looks up to see Itsuki holding his secondhand Advanced Potion-Making book his mother gave him. "I hope you don't mind but as soon as my daughter collected you, she also collected the books you dropped and my curiosity got the better of me," he says politely without a hit of remorse. "I admit the Toenail-growing hex is quite the creative, comical yet disturbing spell I've ever come across, shows how inventive you really are along with the other spells you made." "You are right in one area though," Itsuki says as he gives him back his potion book. "I could have asked any suitable wizard better than you but there are specific reasons why I chose to ask you Severus Snape and the timing couldn't be any better. You have fulfilled the conditions necessary that very few people have to become something greater." 'I do?' Severus couldn't for the life of him understand this man. What could he possibly see in him? "Please understand Severus, the reasons why I chose you have nothing to do with your current talents and self-worth." Itsuki tells him with the most honest and earnest look Severus has ever seen. "Anyone could see you are a young man full of potential, brilliance, and creativity just by looking through that book of yours but sadly unrecognized for their worth because of the prejudice your school cast on you and wasteful if you plan on being follower to an egomaniac when you could do so much better." "Before we could truly begin, first I wish to show you that the Muggle World does have some redeeming qualities. Your father may have blacken your views of it but you have yet to experience that world for yourself and you should not deny that part of your birth as it is a part of you. This will help broaden your horizon to the limited choices you think you have." Itsuki extends his hand slowly towards him. Feeling defeated, from what he wasn't sure himself, Severus can tell this man is persistent to have him join but not forceful in his methods. Itsuki Takahashi's honesty is genuine with no underlying agenda. While still suspicious of him, there is one thing that stands out from You-Know-Who and his band of purebloods' promises to him that made them worlds apart from Itsuki. This man is not promising him power or status but a chance. A chance to change, to strive and achieve, to find hope, or a chance towards something better in his life, something Severus could not refuse. Something about this man and what he offers compels him to join. Not out of greed for power, it's a feeling of a new beginning. Severus looks at the hand before saying: "If I accept your offer, I'll stay with your clan only for this summer up until a week before I go back to Hogwarts. By then I will choose whether or not I should join your cause." "Of course, we cannot have you neglect your wizard studies but your time with us is limited so your training will be difficult to master for you in the short time we have." "Let me worry about that and I promise I won't disappoint you." "Surely you won't have to." Severus accepts Itsuki's hand with a small smile, feeling hopeful. Omake: "Now that's out of the way, we should be arriving in Japan in less than a week." Severus's quickly changes from hopeful to shock. "Wait what?!" He rushes to the nearby window to see he's in the middle of the ocean in a luxurious ship. "Ah I forgot," Aimi shouts in realization. "We had you sedated while our doctors surgically repair your nose for the entire time. We were impatient for you to wake up so Otou-san had you come with us to Japan. I'm so sorry." "No harm no foul." Itsuki says with a joyful, knowing smile. Severus feels one of his eyebrows twitch. Me: As I said in my previous author's note in story Shadow Lion I made a revamped version of it with a new plot. Hope you enjoy it.