the Leaky Cauldron to let him stay in one of the rooms there and to keep quiet about his presence. The rest of the summer was probably the most enjoyable that Harry had ever had as, after talking to the goblins who managed his accounts, he discovered that the money in his trust vault was not, in fact, all he had for his school years at Hogwarts but was in fact refilled annually from the Potter family vault, which apparently had quite impressive reserves of money thanks to some wise investments by his parents. With his newfound financial security, Harry was more than happy to explore the shops in and around Diagon Alley, especially the various bookshops . He had learnt from the previous summer that knowledge, while not the same thing as power exactly, it certainly helped, and he was determined not to be weak again, never to be at the mercy of another, not the thing inside him, not his relatives and not even Voldemort, if he could help it. And so it was, that two weeks into his stay at the Leaky Cauldron, Harry Potter ventured into the seedier side-street of Knockturn Alley under a glamour, tempted by both the promise of books and tomes with magic that he could use to improve himself and by the 'scent' of a watery, cold and comforting power. The buildings on either side of the alley were tall and seemed to lean out over the filthy cobbles below, blocking out the light of the sun. The other occupants of the alley seemed to scuttle furtively past like crabs at the bottom of the sea, clutching unidentifiable bundles to their chests underneath voluminous cloaks that permitted only the sight of a crooked nose here or a too-long, bony hand there. The shops were just as mysterious, with only a few having actual names attached, while the rest seemed to get by on people already knowing what they sold. Harry followed the 'scent' of the familiar power to a small, wood-fronted building squashed between a large pawn shop called Borgin & Burkes and a much taller structure painted in lurid pinks and purples. Easing the door open and wincing at its loud creeeeak , Harry saw that the shop was filled from floor to ceiling with books. Books towering like the trunks of dead trees, still reaching for the light, peeking out of shelves like mushrooms and even taking the place of floor tiles in some places. The air was filled with the smell of old paper and the faint corruption of mould. The scent of whatever had brought him here was strong, though, and directed Harry to one of the tallest shelves at the back. He pulled down the tomes of the pile with an almost manic energy, desperate to see what had drawn him. He knew, when his fingers touched the strangely smooth leather of the thin tome, that this was what he was looking for. It seemed to just fit in his hands, despite the strange, almost sharp feeling of the cover and the way that just looking at it seemed to twist the mind, like looking at an optical illusion. He was just about to open it to have a look inside when a hand fell onto his shoulder. He whirled around to see who it was. Behind him stood a tall, bald man, his craggy face deeply incised with scars and wrinkles in equal measure. He looked like an amateur sculptor had tried to sculpt the embodiment of decrepitude. His other hand lay on a twisted and gnarled cane and it was obvious the amount of weight that he was putting on it. "You want that one? I warn you, there's some ugly magics on it," he said, before breaking into a coughing fit. "I don't know why you'd want it anyway, no one's ever been able to work out what it says." Harry nodded silently, a bit intimidated by the man. "Well, if you're sure, that'll be seven galleons. And don't say I didn't warn you." Harry counted out the coins from his purse before making a hasty retreat from the shop, clutching his prize to his chest. He quickly made his way back to his room at the Leaky Cauldron, dodging what he suspected was a hag along the way. He locked his door and flung himself down on the small bed and opened the book. For a moment, the first page seemed to be covered in strange, impossible symbols, square triangles and round squares torturing his eyesight before they seemed to resolve into a legible, if spidery, hand. To my kin, I leave this book and the ways, secrets and histories of our kind within, it read. I know that your life has been a lonely one and that you, like myself, have no parents to guide you. You too might one day learn the way by which I know of this, but for the moment know that you are heir to a legacy that originated in the days before man had even climbed down from the trees. Perhaps it even predates the very Earth itself, but know this: you are Leviathan and of the bloodline of the seven Progenitors. You might embrace your heritage or flee it, but you cannot deny it. We both are of the Wicked Tribe, but what I have made and you will make of that is in our hands. I will waste no words: we are, in many ways, monsters. But we are as much god as monster and as much man as god. Our road is a hard one, for we do not belong in this world, but if you tread it well and with resolve, you might yet fend off the madness of godhood and of beasthood and live to achieve that which I have seen you might. I leave you the knowledge of my life, that you might learn from my mistakes. - Alden Malok