had shamed them one too many times. She let me choose, Remus, but the options were quite interesting. Either, I could be disowned, lose my inheritance, lose the right to my blood status and my fortune, the right to my family name." Remus looked at him now, and the eyes that met Sirius' were full of hate, anger, fear. Sirius looked away, afraid of continuing. "Or, I could choose to stay, and be locked away in their tower and fed their lies, forced to marry who they chose, produce an heir, live the life they'd always tried to make me live. Not much of a choice, is it, love?" "Sirius–" "This is what I chose, Remus. I chose you. Our squalor, our 'normal', and I wouldn't change that. But, if they are going to force me to live without a family, then damned straight I am going to take every fucking inch I can get. I am going to exploit every second they forget how crafty I am." "So, what? We just...pretend it's not the middle of a war?" Remus grimaced. Sirius smiled his infuriatingly bright smile, and Remus wanted to hang onto his frustration but found he could not. Not when Sirius was suddenly draped across his back, arms wrapped around him tightly, transferring warmth on the still-freezing staircase, banishing the rain just a little bit more and smelling like the dorm because of all that time in the trunk. "Sirius, I mean it," Remus whispered, even as he tilted his head to let Sirius shove his face into his neck. "What do we do?" Sirius kissed the side of his neck gently, smiling as he pulled back enough for Remus to see his eyes. "Well. I think we go to Tenerife, Remus." Remus was relatively sure that in all his reading about Spain, he had completely neglected to retain the information that the Canary Islands were largely volcanic. And therefore, were very hilly. Robust. Mountainous, in fact. This was problematic, because Remus had also completely forgotten how much he hated bloody fucking exercise. "This is it," he panted. "This is my life now. We have climbed this hill, and I will die here." "Remus," Lily said, pulling on his hand to make him keep moving. "We've only been walking for like, twenty minutes, old man. Let's go!" "I hate all of you. I hate you all so very much," Remus groaned, planting his feet against Lily's ministrations. "Hey!" "Except you, Peter. I shall not forget your gallant efforts to stop this stupidity. When I am dead, in the great beyond, I will smile down on you and send you good things." "I was told we were going to the beach," Peter whined. "Me too, my friend. Me too. But these people, they are evil," Remus flopped down on the ground as Sirius realised he had lost the troops and doubled back, standing over Remus' head and blocking out the sunshine. "Moony, come on! I promise you it's worth it. But if we don't get going, we'll miss it," Sirius said, offering a hand. Remus took it, but he glared hard as he let Sirius pull him up. "You are the worst of all the humans, and I shall despise you forever," Remus said, brushing himself off and taking Sirius' hand again as they set off. "I'll remember that endearing sentiment unto my death bed, Remus," Sirius said. They reached the top of the hill ten minutes later, and Lily pushed Remus out of the way to scramble to the middle. "Merlin! Sirius!" Lily exclaimed. She sat down quickly. "James, come see." James sat down beside Lily, smiling, and Peter dropped down beside him, mouth agape. Remus walked the last few steps and felt his own mouth drop; the view was unlike anything he had ever seen. The horizon blazed in the pinks and oranges of sunset, reflecting off the water and interrupted only by the rocky coast. The tiny island where the house stood was small and secluded, and the islands all around it dotted in the distance, making the sky seem like it was melting into the ocean. Remus dropped to the the ground beside Lily, felt her put her arm across his shoulders, heard her laugh at his expression. "Looks like our Moony boy doesn't regret the walk as much anymore," James said to Sirius, who sat down beside Remus and grinned. "You okay, Moons," Sirius said, knocking into him with a gentle nudge. And technically, Remus was okay. Here it was, February, and the weather didn't suck. Sure, it wasn't that warm, and it had rained most of the day, but when you had just left London in the winter, in the middle of a war, there were worse things than needing a jumper on a beachy island in Spain. He was surrounded on all sides by people whose embrace did not make him cringe, whose touch he had long ago learned to tolerate. He was free, and he wasn't going to change again for another two weeks. He was sitting comfortably, watching the sunset with the man he loved, and despite it all, he couldn't figure out how he had possibly gotten here. He didn't ever expect to be given anything, and yet. Here he was. "How?" he whispered. Sirius looked at him and smiled. "How what, Remus?" he said. But Remus couldn't find more words; instead, he leant into the heat of Sirius at his side, turned to face him, pressed their foreheads together. "Oy," James said. "No mushiness." Remus laughed and laid back on the cool grass, dragging both Sirius and Lily with him. Peter and James followed, and as day turned to night, Remus felt hope flood his soul. As the stars reappeared, as they did night after night, Remus took the hands of those around him and swore to keep them safe. Swore to keep the hope that he'd just rediscovered on the surface. Swore to just stay, unapologetically, happy.