"Hopefully, I can help with that," he mumbled cautiously, rubbing the back of his neck nervously and keeping his eyes on the ground. Harry heard scuffling as Draco presumably tried to close the door with Scorpius in the way. "Dad, stop being ridiculous, let us in, and listen to what Mr. Potter has to say," Scorpius snapped. Draco sighed in exasperation but opened the door farther and let them in. He led them to the living room and gestured for them to sit on the couch before leaning back against one wall and crossing his arms defensively. "Well? To what do I owe the honor of the Savior's company?" he sneered derisively. Harry gulped. He should have expected the coldness, but he wasn't prepared for the force of it. Scorpius sighed and rolled his eyes. "You are both being bloody ridiculous. Dad, you're in love with Mr. Potter. Mr. Potter, you're in love with my father. Al, come on, let's go to my room while they work this out." Silence descended on the room, and Harry silently cursed himself for not having a speech prepared. He had not expected Scorpius to drop that bombshell on them and then leave. He also wasn't fully convinced that Scorpius knew what he was talking about. "So, Potter, you're in love with me, eh?" Draco drawled from his position against the wall. Harry winced at his words, not knowing what to say. He steeled himself for the sneer as he lifted his eyes to make eye contact with his former lover. He was surprised to see a playful smirk on his face. Harry couldn't help the smile that spread across his face as Draco made his way across the room towards Harry. "I would have liked to have told you that myself, but you know I've never been good with words" he quipped. Draco smiled as sat down right next to Harry on the couch, taking Harry's hands in his. "No, that's my job," he agreed cheerfully before fixing Harry with an intense look that set Harry's insides on fire. "Harry Potter, you have been under my skin since I was 11 years old. I always thought it was because I couldn't stand you, but in reality it was because I couldn't have you. It may have taken several years and a drunken brawl in a pub for me to realize it, but now I know without a doubt that I love you, probably more than I have any right to at this point in our relationship." Harry felt his heart skip a beat as he listened to Draco's words. It was more than he could have hoped for, and he couldn't find the right words to express himself. Instead he simply said, "See, always the eloquent one," before pulling Draco into a tender kiss. "I love you too," Harry whispered as he pulled away, trailing a one hand down Draco's cheek. Draco leaned into his touch, eyes closed. "When you told me that you wanted to break up, you broke my heart," he informed Harry softly. Harry's heart clenched. He felt horrible. "I know, I'm so sorry, Draco. I was just so surprised by the boys, and then everything spiraled out of control so quickly. The minute you said what you said I wanted to take everything back, but then you were gone. I tried to talk to you, but you made that impossible. And and and...well, bloody hell, I'm just so sorry," Harry apologized profusely, knowing that it wasn't possibly enough. "Well, now that that's been dealt with, let's get to the shagging, shall we?" Draco asked cheerfully. Harry was so surprised that he couldn't help the bark of laughter that escaped his mouth. "Gross!" Al exclaimed from the doorway of Scorpius's room, causing their fathers to snap their heads around in alarm. "Honestly, Dad, I may be okay with you and Mr. Potter dating, but I am most certainly not okay with hearing about your sex life," Scorpius informed him with a grimace. This caused more laughter from Harry, and before he knew it, the three others were laughing as well. Once the group had regained their composure and Scorpius and Albus had joined their fathers in the living room, Harry snuggled into Draco's side. "So that's it? We're back together just like that?" he asked hopefully. Draco looked down at him with a raised eyebrow. "Yes, I would say so. Or were you expecting me to make you work for it?" he teased. "Well yeah, I expected it to be a little more difficult than this. You are Draco Malfoy, after all, spoiled brat extraordinaire," Harry teased back. Draco yelped indignantly and shoved Harry lightly. "I resent that. I am not 11 years old anymore!" he reminded his raven-haired lover. "But in all seriousness, despite your slightly less than coherent apology, I know you're sorry and you love me. That's all that really matters." Harry grinned up at Draco and moved back to situate himself against his boyfriend's side. He was spared answering when there was a chorus of "Awww's" from their sons. Harry mock glared at them but couldn't help softening his look as he took in the sight of his son wrapped around the young man he obviously cared for very much. "So you two are sure you're okay with this?" Harry asked them cautiously. His question was met with two twin sighs from his son and his boyfriend. "Yes, Dad," Al responded with a roll of eyes. "Do you really think we would have helped you get here if we weren't okay with it? And even if we weren't okay with it, Mr. Malfoy obviously makes you happy. You deserve to be happy, Dad." Harry smiled fondly at his son and nodded in agreement. There was a brief silence while both couples simply enjoyed the company of their significant other. Draco smirked down at Harry before suggesting lightly, "So who's up for a double date?" The End