the hanging strings. A twist of metal here, an old compass there and a handful of glass beads over there. Finally, he turned back towards the bare floor between the settees and began to pace in a wide circle, occasionally dropping one of the beads as he went. They fell to the floor and stopped where they fell, not rolling a centimetre. The sound of their impact resonated unnaturally in the air. " Ah, Illusah, erethas krah makuth, en setafus krogh mulakasn." The words were guttural and sounded unnatural in the throat of a human being. Or at least one who seemed human. The compass was placed in the centre of the rough circle of glass beads, the twists of metal arranged around it seemingly randomly. Cailleach continued to pace, crouched low to the ground and dragging his fingers in odd patterns over the grey material of the floor. There was a grinding, crunching sound and Dumbledore saw that the man's hands were tipped with vicious black claws which dug into the concrete, leaving pale trails in their wake. " Ah, muthurum, hulaksanas en gurathi vusuthsalak, vusuthalaken furtun." Shadows danced in edges of the wizard's sight and the clammy pressure which had weighed down on him since he had first stepped in the building redoubled, pushing and pinching at his flesh with cold and cruel hands. The lights flickered on and off overhead, turning the rite into disconnected flashes. Cailleach's yellow eyes were twin coals, flashing eldritch light as his strange dance gained in tempo, to the accompaniment of unseen drums and invisible bone-rattles. " Ah Irraka! Rakal uk inortath veuth! Rakal! Rakal, Irraka!" There was a terrible wildness to the magic which whirled in the air, and which sang like screech-owls and wolves in accompaniment to the ecstatic chant. In the flashes of illumination, Dumbledore could make out the shapes of feathers and three-taloned hands as the creature - as much owl as man, now - capered and twisted in a feral and primal dance. Grey-feathered wings burst from shoulders and beat the air soundlessly, creating gusts of wind which stirred the loose papers into a storm of whirling sheets. Irraka! Irraka! Muthurum en Ilusah! Gurathu murr otur! Mulausu en uruk!" A red phial was held high in a momentary gleam of light and was cast to the ground. The light vanished again before its shattering could be heard, ringing like a bell in the darkness and sudden silence. The lights flickered spasmodically into life, revealing Cailleach hunched on the floor, still in his half-owl form. Even curled up like that, the shapeshifter was nearly as tall as Dumbledore himself. His wings were spread like a feathery cloak, and were drawn up about his head and neck, concealing both his face and the ground beneath. A long minute passed, the only movements the slow settling of the scattered papers and the occasional, faint twitch of the wings. Eventually, the wings curled back and Cailleach unfolded from the grey - now red-stained - floor. Standing, the shapeshifter was nearly half as tall again as the headmaster. He loomed over Dumbledore, a grey spectre whose silhouette was only broken by the dark slash of a beak and the twin luminous orbs that were his eyes. It walked on yellow, gnarled feet tipped with black, curving talons like the feet of a bird of prey, and its hands were much the same. One was clutched to the thing's chest, as if it were holding some small object. It bent down and the aged wizard took an involuntary step backwards as the cruel meathook of a beak sank to the level of his face. Two inhuman eyes stared into his own as the shapeshifter extended one of its hands towards Dumbledore. It spoke, in a voice somewhere between the rasp of a parrot and the screech of a barn owl. " Yours." Tearing his eyes away from hypnotic golden pools which bore into them, Dumbledore glanced down at the outstretched hand. Lying there was the same compass that the shapeshifter had picked out. It was an old-looking thing, made of brass and with thick glass covering the needle and dial. The wizard took it, carefully avoiding the talons that rose like a cage around it. The spectre withdrew its hand and stood straight, unnaturally still. A shiver ran up Dumbledore's spine. He looked back down at the compass. Now that it was in his hand, the headmaster could feel the faint trace of otherworldly power about the thing, like fingers of almost-substance trailing over his hand. The needle didn't point north, either. At the moment, it was pointing straight through Cailleach., a bearing which, if Dumbledore's sense of direction was correct, was eastward, over the Thames. "Well, then, shall we discuss payment?" the old wizard said as he made his way over to one of the settees. The owl-man remained where he was, silent as a statue. Its head twisted to track the wizard as he moved, an unnerving effect when combined with the intensity of the shapeshifter's gaze. A little awkwardly, Dumbledore glanced down at the compass. The needle had moved position. It was still pointing towards the shapeshifter. Frowning, and with an unpleasant feeling welling up inside him, Dumbledore moved his hand to the left. The needle swivelled so that it continued to point at Cailleach. Throat dry, a word squeezed from between the aged wizard's lips. "Harry?" *Pronounced 'kai-EACH'. A/N: And that's that. Also, for those who'll go 'But Harry was a wizard first!', it is canon in the World of Darkness and Chronicles of Darkness franchises that being one kind of major supernatural thing (wizard, vampire, mage, werewolf, shapeshifter etc) pretty much precludes the possibility of becoming one of the others or, if it doesn't, means that you effectively swap one state for another. The types of mojo don't like each other. In this case, Harry 'chooses' being Strigoi over being a wizard, for reasons which he has explained.