could feel her frown deepening. "Why not?" "Because it's not...it's not my information to share." "If you're involved with something, it's your information, James. If you are breaking rules and leaving the castle after curfew, it's your information." He looked positively pained. He was visibly biting his bottom lip. But still he shook his head. "It's not mine to share." Her shoulders slumped and she shook her head once more. Tears pricked at her eyelids and she swore she wasn't going to cry in front of him. "Why couldn't you put it off until next weekend? If you knew Hogsmeade was today?" He was silent for a few moments, obviously warring with himself. "I...I well...I didn't know that they moved the Hogsmeade weekend…and...I know they sent out an announcement, but I just...I didn't look at it. I dunno why…" He laughed, a short burst of sound. "I should have...Lily, I should have. If I had known, I'd have...I would have shown up. No matter how tired I was, Lily." "Couldn't you have just...put off your...rule breaking?" she asked. "Then you wouldn't have been tired at all." He shook his head. "I...I'm sorry. The full moon makes people do crazy things, I guess...I-" He stopped talking abruptly. "The full moon?" she asked. "Or not the full moon. It's just me. I do...foolish and barmy things for no good reason. Like...ha...like missing this date? Remember when I did that? You were...very, very angry with me, Lily. Very angry. Just a few moments ago, in fact…" The full moon ! Of course… Why hadn't she thought of this before? She'd been so caught up in her own life that she'd completely forgotten what the full moon entailed for one of her very closest friends. Blast it all, she'd even noticed his haggard appearance in the Great Hall. Remus must have been turning. Which meant that James, Sirius and Peter must have been...with him? How could that be? Her brain tossed and turned, dredging up bits and pieces of information that she had on that group of idiots. A specific time in third year came to the forefront. When they walked around with a lisp for an entire month because they all had mandrake leaves under their tongues. Because they were trying to become Animagi. She knew that's what they were doing. She didn't know why at the time. She looked up at James. That git became an Animagus. Just to help out a friend. What an absolute idiot. He was looking pale. Pale and a little sick. And he kept stammering about how angry she was with him, trying to steer her away from the information that wasn't his to share. "You're right…" she said suddenly, scaring him a little, seeing as he jumped. She smiled up at him. A true smile, not one that was forced. "I was horribly angry at you." "Was?" he asked, puzzled. "But now I'm not. And…" she trailed off as she looked up at him with new eyes. Yes, he was still a git. Yes, he was the same boy with the unruly black hair who had pulled her braids and called her 'Carrots' all the time when they were young. But maybe he wasn't as self-involved as she had previously assumed. And maybe he was a touch more loyal than one would expect from a Gryffindor. Though he wasn't punctual at all. She'd have to constantly remind him of their dates after this. And maybe that made him even more attractive to her. Because nobody was perfect, were they? She certainly wasn't. "And…?" he repeated, a slight smirk on his lips that made her want to...well… Kiss him. Wrap her arms around his neck and kiss him. Except...at the precise moment where she should have done, she didn't. She froze. He was standing so close to her. She hadn't noticed how near they were to each other or how his body heat was radiating. How was he so warm even without a coat? The barmy buffoon. Running straight down here without a coat. And with only one shoe tied. She attempted to stifle a grin and failed, given the look on his face. "And…?" he led, tilting his head and jamming his hands in his pockets. He looked very much like a cat who'd got the cream. Taking a step back, she held out her hand. "Let's go get a Butterbeer. I believe you said you'd buy me one." Not quite yet, Potter, she thought to herself, feeling all the more triumphant when he slipped his cold hand into hers and they began walking back towards Hogsmeade. "Yes, I believe I did say that-" He stopped walking abruptly, a pained expression clouding his face before he muttered 'bollocks…' under his breath. "Is something wrong?" Lily asked, glancing up at him worriedly. "Would you be so kind as to wait for me at Three Broomsticks? In my haste, I left my money back at the castle…" She laughed. "Actually...I'd rather not waste any more of the day...so you can just...owe me? If that's alright with you? If your masculinity will allow you to be indebted to me for a few hours?" James tightened his grip on her hand and grimaced. "I really botched this entire day, didn't I?" "It's only a few sickles, James." Lily started walking once more, and he kept up with her, his hand clasped tightly around hers. "I think I have a lot more to make up than a few sickles. I'm far more indebted to you than that, aren't I?" She shrugged, the very picture of nonchalance. "I dunno...the first part of the date was horrendous. But this is nice. I think you've broken even for this one." "You're a saint , Lily Evans. Anyone ever tell you that?" She grinned before continuing,"Or you will have broken even. Once you pay me back for the Butterbeer." P.S: You can find me on tumblr, dresupi dot tumblr dot com. Thanks for reading! *hearts*