am not," Jasmine huffed at Sirius. She turned to her brother. "Tell him, Harry! Ireland won't win with Krum as Bulgaria's seeker. He's nabbed the Snitch in every game this season, and Ireland's seeker is piss compared to him." Jasmine Potter, a healthy fourteen years old, was nearly the opposite of Harry in how her genes showed through. Whereas Harry looked like his father and had his mother's eyes, Jasmine looked like their mother but had James' eyes. Her hair was just as red as Lily's, though Jasmine usually pulled hers back into a ponytail while Lily let hers fall. She was wearing a tight pair of jeans with an auburn sweater and a gold-encrusted necklace Harry had given her for her last birthday. Her hazel eyes were glaring in challenge at Sirius for their confrontation. "Well, Harry," Lily interjected. "You are the resident Quidditch expert. How do you see it playing out?" Harry knew how it had happened in his other self's life. Ireland won by ten even though Krum had caught the Snitch. However, as he'd already learned dozens of times over, things in his world didn't always turn out the same as they did for his other self. His prior knowledge served as little more than a reference point rather than a guide. Harry considered what he knew of both teams in his world. Ireland was notorious for their impeccable Chaser-Beater combination patterns, letting them score the Quaffle with surgical precision against everyone so far. They'd won a few times even when their Seeker, who was average as he could be, was beaten to the Snitch. Bulgaria, on the other hand, had the best Keeper in the world along with the best competing Seeker. It was rare when they were beaten for a point, so the Keeper more than made up for their lacking Chaser and Beaters. They were undefeated so far because he gave up so few points before Krum snatched the Snitch – usually within the first hour of the game. After a moment's thought, he shrugged. "I honestly don't know," he admitted, disappointing both of them. "Krum and their Keeper is a tough combination to beat," Jasmine snarked an 'I told you so' to Sirius, "but Ireland has two of the top five Chasers and arguably the best Beater combo in the world. It really could go either way." Sirius met Jasmine's challenging eyes with a smirk. "Okay then," he said, his voice smooth and forever lacking the rasp Harry associated with his other self's memories. "Why don't we settle this with a bet then?" Jasmine immediately accepted. "You're on. Usual stakes?" "Of course." "Then I can't wait to have my personal Sirius House Elf for a day again." "Don't count your dragons before they hatch, girlie." "If I may," Lily interrupted their usual banter. "It's getting close to time." They both stopped. Lily asked Sirius, "Did you bring it with you?" "Got it right here," he confirmed. He pulled out a rusty railroad spike from his bag and put it on the table. "Should start in a minute." Lily asked, "Everyone ready to go?" "Yes, Mum," Jasmine answered with an exhausted sigh. She then added under her breath, "You nagged us so much we couldn't forget." "I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that, young lady," Lily replied curtly. Sirius smirked while Jasmine tucked her head in embarrassment. Harry shook his head and reached for their railroad spike portkey. He felt a shift in the magic around the object, signifying its activation. He told them, "Time to go." The other three then reached for the portkey at the same time. Once the last of them touched it, it activated. With a pulling jerk like a hook behind the navel, Harry, Sirius, Jasmine, and Lily vanished from the penthouse. A/N: And I have another story. I am also alive, surprisingly enough. Let me know what you think of the premise and the chapter as a whole. I know that Alternate Universe Harry Potter has been done to death, but I'm pretty sure I have enough original ideas for this one that it warranted a chance. For the few who noticed, yes, this is a re-write of another Harry Potter story I attempted a year or so ago. And I did delete that one. I just decided to scrap the whole thing and start over, because I loathed the beginning for that one. I'll spare you guys the details of why I hated it. Suffice to say, I thought it sucked, and that feeling didn't disappear over time like it usually does. I'll probably update this one for a few weeks and move on to one of my others, as I have a few chapters done for this already. I might spend the entire summer in this one story, actually, as I have the first ten or so chapters fully plotted out. Though I don't know which story I'll return to first right now. Maybe my Naruto-DxD crossover, since it's been literal years since I updated that one. Although it seems people want to see my Code Geass and Naruto-Akame ga Kill stories updated more. My Underworld and Legend of Zelda (Twilight Princess setting) stories are all but abandoned, but I don't want to delete them because I do know what I want to do with them. My Bleach idea also still has a good chance of finding its way to paper and onto this site because I still feel that it's a good basic idea, though I haven't seen if someone has since stolen my thunder with it. I suppose we'll just see what happens. I'm actually uploading this one a little early to test the waters a bit on my return. I didn't plan on releasing this until I had finished writing the entire introduction arc for this story. But, I figured, since I'm writing the last planned chapter for it, I can stand to see how this will be received. Regards, dripley11