risk from the Malfoys and their ilk, but he would not have been raised ignorant, thrust from painful anonymity and solitude into a world where everyone knows his name. Raised a Wizard, Harry could have learned more of trust, and of tolerance, and of subtlety. More of magic, the little magics that would make life easier, and the greater ones that might preserve it. Too, had he not been gone for so many years, the legend of the Boy-Who-Lived might not have swelled to such mythic proportions. Had it been that Harry had been raised a wizard, he might have grown into, or out of, his notoriety before he came to Hogwarts, before he was thrust sharply before the Wizarding public. He made his decision that fateful Halloween in the fear that Harry might grow up like Draco Malfoy or his own father, spoiled and conceited and without the compassion that a Savior needs. Now he realizes that Harry might have grown up instead like Susan Bones, loyal and true despite her aunt's position in the Ministry. Or like Neville Longbottom, the other child to whom prophecy might have applied, with a sleeping strength like a hibernating oak, waiting only for the proper season to burst into flower and growth, a might force to be reckoned with, unbending and unbroken. He might have given Harry a true childhood, rather than the pale imitation of one he provided at Hogwarts, with his indulgence and rewarding of rule-breaking, with his cheerfully blind eye to the myriad scrapes Harry and his friends got into. And what a message he sent, in those days. Enforcing the idea that doing the wrong thing for the right reasons was acceptable. Rewarding school rules broken right and left, because it had been done for 'the greater good' and the 'right cause'. How he made Severus, who only punished to enforce limits and protect Harry (sometimes, at least) into Harry's enemy. How he reinforced Harry's determined reliance on himself and his friends to manage things that, in any other time, would have been the province of adults to handle, not children. For all his claims of wanting Harry to have a childhood, he made of Harry's school-days the training of a Savior. A child should trust adults. A child should have boundaries. A child should not risk his life without second thought, and with no regard for the consequences. A child should think of school-work and homework and classes, rather than enemies and Dark Lords. He sees now the terrible dichotomy, the terrible strain he placed upon Harry, in his insistence on treating him like a boy, and yet rewarding him for taking on things that only an adult should have dealt with. A practice that he continued even after Fifth Year, even after he professedly gave Harry the truth, the prophecy and all it's consequences. For he had already guessed at Horcruxes, and he had already guessed the truth of Harry's scar, and what it might mean. And yet, he did not tell the boy. For all the information he gave Harry regarding the Horcruxes and the past of Tom Riddle who became Voldemort, he did not reveal the final truth. He did not tell Harry that he is a sacrifice. That for true victory, he must be willing to give it all up. Sacrificial magic is powerful, but unpredictable. And he has never told Harry that his mother's sacrifice spared his life, but also Voldemorts, preserving a soul fragment within his scar. And so a second sacrifice is required, to truly end the Dark Lord, and it is to be Harry's sacrifice. Harry, who has given his childhood, his schooling, and the best years of his youth to this endless struggle with the man who killed his parents, and who does not know that his only hope for defeating him lies in his willingness to become the man's victim one final time. He mourns this. For Harry has not even truly had a chance to live yet, and yet he must die to defeat his nemesis. A bitter irony that he struggles through the Horcrux hunt with the hope of a future after Voldemort is gone, never knowing that he must be willing to give up that hope if he is to achieve victory. Harry may learn the truth from Severus, before the end. But even that is a cruel twist of fate. He never asked anything of Harry. No promises such as those he claimed from Severus. And yet, like Severus, his plans will take everything from the young man. Harry too has given up his childhood, and frequently had his reputation and his honor called into question. And he too will be required to give up his dreams, his hopes, his future, for the final defeat of the Dark Lord Voldemort. ***AaE*** He watches his two young men through the Veil, both going about their quests, fighting impossible odds. One hopeful, one hopeless. And he knows the price will be high, the very highest, for both of them. He watches, and he mourns. Mourns lost chances, lost dreams, lost opportunities. Mourns the final victory of the Darkness, that it will extinguish these two most precious lights in it's final throes of death. He mourns, and he wishes he could go back, give them everything they deserve, hope and life and joy and innocence. Childhoods worth having, and dreams fulfilled, to bring pride and wonder and a true acceptance of self-worth to their hearts. He wishes he could give them everything in the world. But it is too late, and he is trapped beyond the Veil, a silent witness to all they have lost and have yet to lose in the struggle. And in the end...in the end, he cannot give them anything. Author's Note: Reading the books, especially the 7th one...this just sort of popped into my mind. I like to think that Dumbledore took the time to think about the mistakes he made.