had probably read everything she could about coming of age, which meant it wasn't to do with that. This would require a lot more time and study than a simple answer. "And why, Miss Granger, would you want to keep this from everyone else?" Snape asked, now eyeing the girl. She dipped her head even lower. "I won't keep it from them forever," she defended weakly. "That was not my question." She fiddled with her fingers. Hermione was scared, scared to tell someone so close to Dumbledore what she had planned. "I have something I need to do first," she hedged. Snape wasn't letting up. "And that is?" No escape. "I'm getting my parents out of the country first, sir." Snape looked at the young girl. She still wasn't meeting his eyes, but there was a resolve there that indicated her strength. He kept his voice cold. "And why would they need that level of protection?" Hermione stared resolutely down. She forced her voice to not give way to the tears she felt. "I'm one of the things Harry would do anything for, sir," she said analytically, detached. "Sooner or later, the Death Eaters will realize that the easiest way to get to Harry is through his friends. And the easiest way to get to me is my parents. So I'm going to remove the temptation." "Borders won't keep His followers away from them, Miss Granger," Snape reminded her. "But if I remove their connection to me, it will," she continued impassively. "I'm going to erase their memories of me, and plant memories of a new life they're planning in Australia. I've already purchased the house for them under the fake names they'll be using." Snape quirked his brow. "You're prepared to live the rest of your life without your family?" Hermione nodded into her hands, fighting the clenching in her throat. "Knowing they're safe would be enough." He felt some degree of respect for her decision. "And you've practiced memory charms so extensively, Miss Granger, that you're willing to use them on your loved ones?" He asked cuttingly. Silence. "As I thought," Professor Snape intoned. "To perform that complicated of a memory wipe, Miss Granger, even without planting memories, would require a Master of Legilimency with copious opportunities for practice on living beings." "I was going to start practicing that tonight!" she defended herself. "On whom, Miss Granger?" he jeered her. "Your cat? Field mice? You're not going to be capable of this for another few years even if you practice every sleepless night, with actual human targets." She slumped in her seat under Snape's gaze, the vision of hopelessness. After letting his point sink in for a few moments, Snape provided her relief. "However, Miss Granger, that is irrelevant because within the Order itself, there are two perfectly proficient wizards who can assist you," he revealed. He watched her posture take on hope before him and it made his lip quirk involuntarily upwards. She was so easy to please, he noted, as she smiled up at him hopefully. "Who are they?" she begged. This was the advantage he was looking for. Professor Snape decided to torment her a little bit. "Of course, the first is Albus Dumbleore." "Not him," Hermione begged. "He won't support my decision. He doesn't understand how scary it is to have them in danger." "You're right, of course," Professor Snape allowed. "Dumbledore would insist they remain in the country if only to provide the Order with bait to capture Death Eaters, with no guarantee as to your parents' safety. One more move on a chessboard, and every move is valuable to him. "The other person might be willing to assist you, but for a price," Snape continued with a quirk of his brow. "They are not the most giving of individuals." She nodded at him, giving in to whatever abstract demand he would ask. "Tell me," Professor Snape drawled, "have you, in your plethora of studies, practiced Occlumency?" She nodded again, her eyes growing desperate. "Show me." She sat up straight in her chair, a determined glint now entering her eyes. "Test me, sir." Hermione centered herself, waiting for the new presence to enter her mind. She focused on her defenses, her fight coming through. Then, she heard Professor Snape intone, "Legilimens!" The battle had started. Professor Snape looked in her mind with intrigue. No flashes of memory dancing past him, no lack of control. He saw in their place a snowstorm which sucked him of all warmth. Impressive. He saw a hazy light somewhere ahead of him, clearly intended to lead any intruders of her mind right there. He held out a imaginary hand, catching a flake in his hand. He looked, hoping to find one of those memories in his hand now. Instead, he was overwhelmed by a feeling of joy. No memory cropped up, but a distinct taste of Hermione was left on him by the snowflake. He tried to think. The memories had to be here, somewhere, in order for this to be a defense. The key was figuring out how to break through and find them, wherever they were. Certainly not in the direction of the light, if Miss Granger were as smart as he believed. He crouched on the snow and dug a little, seeing if they were beneath the snow. Only cold dirt greeted him, and he looked around again, trying to find them. Finally, aware of how taxing this could be, he withdrew. Miss Granger had her hands in a distinctly meditative pose on the table, clearly still fighting in case he returned. A small bit of pride found its way through to Snape's cold demeanour. "You've passed inspection, Miss Granger," Professor Snape allowed the praise to fall from his lips. "Therefore, I will trust you to guard the identity of the second person with such methods." Hermione smiled in relief at her Professor. "Of course, I promise. Who is it?" Professor Snape grinned menacingly. "Me."