"I can't let him win," he muttered, eyes narrowing. "Let who win what now?" Pansy responded, twisting her head around. "Oliver. I need to win. I need to prove to him that I am more over him than he is over me," he told her as she frowned. "And how do you plan…" her words were cut off as she felt Marcus's hot mouth covered hers, causing her eyes to widen with shock. oOoOoOoOo Oliver's mouth gaped open as he saw Marcus look into Pansy's eyes before dropping his lips to hers. He closed his mouth, his tongue darting out to wet his parched lip as he felt himself flush. Looking at Draco he stopped dancing, flashing him a half-hearted lopsided smile before nodding politely and turning away. Suddenly, Hermione was by his side as he watched Oliver depart. "What was all that about?" Hermione asked, turning to Draco, who continued to stare after him, shaking his head. "I have absolutely no idea," he told her. As Oliver strode over to the bar he replayed his accusation over in his mind, trying to stop the tears that pricked the corners of his eyes breaking forth. " You said nothing because it's true." " What?" Marcus couldn't believe what he was hearing. " Well, you are bisexual after all. I am nothing more than a youthful experience before you settle down with an attractive pure-blooded wife and have pure-blooded-rightful-heir babies," Oliver yelled. " What?" " I think you ought to leave." " What?" " You heard me," Oliver yelled, his eyes flashing with the anger that rose in his chest. "Out. Now!" oOoOoOoOo Marcus broke away from Pansy, panting. "What the hell, Marcus?" Pansy hissed as Marcus looked up to see Oliver striding towards the floo room. "Sorry," he muttered, stepping away from Pansy, who turned to watch him chase after Oliver, a smile breaking across her face. Oliver was just about to step into the green flames as he felt a hand curl around his bicep, pulling him back. Spinning around, ready to argue, he caught sight of Marcus, feeling his defences pull up around him like a fortress. "What do you want?" he spat, derisively. "What was all that about in there?" Marcus retorted, his lip curling into a sneer. Oliver chuckled. "Please, it never worked when you tried to intimidate me on the pitch, Flint, it's not about to start working for you now." "Whatever. Now, what the fuck were you doing here with Malfoy?" Marcus hissed. Oliver glared, pointing a finger at him. "I could ask you the same regarding Parkinson. But then I already know," he remarked, rolling his eyes and turning to face the floo. Marcus spun him around once more. "What is your problem?" he yelled, his face only inches from Oliver's, hot angry breath ghosting across Oliver's face. "Nothing," Oliver retorted, trying to block out the intoxicating aroma of Marcus's cologne. "No? Didn't look like 'nothing' when you were all over Malfoy." "Are you calling me a slut?" Oliver asked, his voice raising slightly, glaring at Marcus as he shoved him away, roughly. "When I met you, I thought I had found the person that I was going to spend the rest of my life with. I was done. So all the boys, and all the bars, and all my obvious daddy issues, who cared? Because I was done. You walked away. You chose the easy way. I'm all glued back together now. I make no apologies for how I chose to repair what you broke, or who I am with tonight." Marcus's jaw dropped. "I walked away? I chose the easy way? You threw me out!" Marcus yelled. "Nothing about this has been easy. Nothing. Why do you think I never came back for my stuff? Why do you think I never took away from you the apartment I bought? You were the love of my life." Oliver stumbled as he tried to process what Marcus was telling him. "What about your family's expectations regarding a wife and heir? What about Pansy?" Marcus averted his eyes. "She owed me a favour," Marcus replied, glaring when Oliver began to chuckle. "Hermione owed me, too." Marcus tilted his head slightly, frowning. "How does that work?" Oliver chuckled again, nervously, as he shoved his hands in his pockets, leaning so his backside was pressed against the wall, half leaning towards his former lover. "Long story, won't bore you with the details." Taking in his words, Marcus reached out tentatively to push Oliver's fringe out of his face, humming his response. Oliver's eyes closed at the contact and it was all he could do not to lean into his touch. "I've tried living without you, Ollie. It isn't possible," Marcus told him as he stepped closer, his lips tantalisingly close. Oliver's tongue darted out of his mouth, running along the seam of his parched lip in a way that made Marcus want to moan, the coil of need tightening in his abdomen. "What about your family?" Oliver whispered, concern etched across his face as he looked up at Marcus. "You are my family," Marcus told him. "But if you are honestly over me, I will walk away and let you get on with your life." Oliver shook his head. "I'm not over you, any more than you are over me." "Good," Marcus whispered as he claimed Oliver's lips with his own. A/N: "When I met you, I thought I had found the person that I was going to spend the rest of my life with. I was done. So all the boys, and all the bars, and all the obvious daddy issues, who cared? Because I was done. You left me. You chose Addison. I'm all glued back together now. I make no apologies for how I chose to repair what you broke." Meredith Grey, Grey's Anatomy Season 2 Episode 24: Damage Case. All rights belong to ABC and Shonda Rimes. No copywrite infringement is intended.