with disgust. "I don't know what kind of game you are playing, but it is sick and it is wrong. Muggles can't use the floo, Albus, especially if they don't even have a fireplace. I am going to have to take you into custody while we sort this out. More importantly, I know I am not going to leave you in charge of a school full of vulnerable children. Whether you were involved in Harry's abuse or not, I am reporting you to the school governors." Dumbledore looked sad. "I had hoped that I wouldn't have to do this." He took out his wand so fast no one could stop him and he stunned everyone in the room. He then went over to the fireplace and called for Severus Snape. A few moments later the dire potions master stepped through. Professor Snape took in the scene with a glance. "Having trouble, Headmaster?" he asked dryly. "A bit. It seems that Harry's relatives were a bit more unkind to him than I thought, but I need him to stay there for now." Dumbledore told him as he went over to the boy in question. "I am going to need your help modifying their memories and I am going to need you to heal him so there is no more evidence of abuse." Snape looked at the child of his worst enemy and cringed. This was not right. Harry was going to have been his to torment, and now some others had beat him to it. Snape's only goal would have been humiliation, but not this, never this. Snape was smart enough though not to say anything. It was important that his memories stayed intact. "So this is Potter's brat? What did he do, come complaining about a bit of physical discipline?" Dumbledore chuckled. "I knew I could depend on you. Heal him and modify the memories of these people while I go and work on his dorm mates. I'll be back as soon as I am done. You won't be able to erase Harry's memories of his abuse, but you can make him forget I was here and just make him remember that he was healed, but that they didn't think that there was anything really wrong with how he was treated. The more he believes no one cares, the less likely he will be to bring it up again." "As you wish, Headmaster." Snape replied. Dumbledore walked out and Snape quickly conjured a wizarding camera and began to take pictures of Harry's injuries. He would have to modify their memories for now, Dumbledore held too much over his head for him to take such a risk. He wouldn't be able to help Harry if he was in Azkaban. Snape also took a magical diagnostic scan and recorded the results. When he went back into his quarters he would also make sure a copy of his memories was safely stored in a pensive. He then woke Harry up. "What happened? What was with that crazy wizard?" Snape chuckled. "Crazy is a very apt term indeed. As for why he is doing the, I don't know. I am Professor Snape, I teach potions here." "Oh, you made that potion that made my pain go away. Thank you very much for that." Snape came to realize that this was most definitely not a mini James Potter here. "You are welcome. Now that crazy wizard will come back soon, and he has the means to make me seem to be on his side. He is very powerful, and you will need to be on your gaurd. I am to heal you and then convince you that he was never here and that no one cared about the abuse. I will need you to pretend for now that you truly believe that. "Right now the Headmaster is changing the memories of all your dorm mates so that they won't remember, and I will have to modify the memories of the aurors and Madam Pomfrey and Professor Sprout." As Snape spoke he was digging through his robes and pulling out various bottles. Harry grimaced. It looked like there were more potions coming. Snape saw and repressed a grin. "Don't fear. I am going to show you a spell I created to make taking potions easier. You must promise not to share it with others though, for I never have." Snape pointed his wand at Harry's mouth. "Antastas" Suddenly Harry could taste absolutely nothing…he couldn't small anything either. "I think it is working, should I take them now?" "Yes, it won't last too long." Snape said as he handed him the bottles one at a time. "The first is to mend any bone damage you have, the second is to repair organ damage. This works on bruises as well since the skin, after all, is just one large organ. Now these are going to hurt, so I am going to put you to sleep for them. Don't be surprised if you wake up in your own bed tomorrow. Now, do you understand everything I've told you?" "Yes, pretend like I don't know anything other than no one cares about the abuse." "Very good. Now in class I will have to treat you like scum. Act hurt, but take no true offence. We will figure out later how to work everything out. Got it?" "Yes, now do you think you could put me to sleep? It is starting to hurt." Harry asked. "Of course." Snape hit him with a strong sleeping spell and Harry was out like a light. Snape stood up and looked around at the four adults he now had to deal with. This was going to be a long night. *&^%$# TBC… Ok, thoughts anyone? And before you ask--No, Kallisti is not going to be put off. I just need a bit of a palette cleanser once in a while. That, and I love powerful/independent/dark Harry stories and I wanted one to call my own.