then. If it's my blessing you're looking for, you got it." "Thank you," Harry breathed, feeling like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. Arthur approached his soon to be son in law and placed his hands on Harry's shoulders. "Just so you know, Ginny is my little girl. All I ask is that you take care of her." Harry nodded, feeling very relieved that this part is over. "I promise. I love her and I promise I will take care of her. I'll love her until I take my last breath." "I know you will, Harry," Arthur began. "I'm not going to look at this as I'm not losing a daughter, instead I'm looking at this as I'm gaining another son." That brought a smile to his face. Marrying Ginny, he wouldn't only get a wife, but a family. "Thanks Arthur," Harry said, sincerely. "Do you have a ring?" Arthur asked. Harry nodded and reached into his pocket. He pulled out the box, opening it and handed it to Arthur. Arthur gently opened the box and looked at the beautiful ring Harry had picked out. "It was my mother's," Harry explained. "I found it in the vault after the war and got it out a week ago." "It's beautiful Harry." Arthur studied the white gold band, the small diamonds along the sides and then the big diamond on the top. It wasn't too large to dominant Ginny's hand, but a perfect size for petite fingers like Ginny's. "I'm thinking about asking Ginny to marry me this weekend. We have a date planned for Friday. I'm on day shift this week and Ginny will be off on Friday." Arthur was about to ask Harry how he was going to ask Ginny, when Molly called them from the kitchen. "Lunch is ready!" That was Harry and Arthur's cue to come to the house or face the wrath of Molly. Harry sometimes could see an older Ginny when he saw Molly. He would never voice this to her for fear of getting hexed. "Do you know what you're going to do?" Arthur asked as they walked back to the house. "Not yet, I'm helping Ron plan his proposal to Hermione and he's agreed to help me with mine." Arthur smiled at the mention of Ron and Hermione getting engaged. Ron had talked to him about it last week and had approached Hermione's father during the week. Harry knew that Robert Granger had given Ron his blessing because he was smiling so big that Harry was positive his cheeks were hurting. Upon entering the kitchen, Harry headed straight upstairs to wash up. Ginny was coming out of the bathroom as he approached the first floor. She smiled and then flung herself into his arms. "Hi babe," Ginny greeted. Harry kissed her forehead. "Hi Cupcake." Once Ginny let go of Harry, he told he would pop in the bathroom for a second and will be right back. A few seconds later, they were heading down to the kitchen. "Did you just get here?" he asked as they descended down the stairs. "Yes. Gwenog told me as I was leaving that I wouldn't have to stay next time since we've got the floo problem fixed." They approached the table and Harry pulled out Ginny's chair at the table and sat down next to her. Ginny sat down at her chair, and Harry scooted it in. "Thanks." "You're welcome." Ginny smiled and began to fill her plate. Conversations began around the table from Ministry politics, George's new product that was being introduced that week, and life in general. Harry drowned out all of it as he listened to Ginny recap the game. Harry hadn't been able to come to the game due to work, but had listened to it on the wireless. Ron had told the brothers that Harry even put a handmade 'Do Not Disturb' sign on his office door. "Are we still on for our date this weekend?" Ginny asked. "I should be asking you that question." Harry laid his arm around the back of Ginny's chair. Dinner had been eaten and now they were waiting for Molly to dish out the dessert. "Gwenog said that we could have a few weeks off since we won the last match and the one scheduled for next week is cancelled. The pitch was flooded and Gwendolyn said that it would be three weeks until it was prepared. Gwenog decided we could use a break and we'll make it up later." "So does that mean that I get you to myself some?" Harry asked. "Maybe," Ginny teased. "I thought I would clean my flat some since I would have some free time and while you're gone to work. I'll have something ready to eat when you get home." Harry paused, a roasted potato speared on his fork. He turned Ginny, and waited until she was looking at him again. "Um, you don't have any food in your fridge the last time I checked," he reminded her. "That's why I'll come over to your place. I'll cook and clean up and then we'll cuddle on the couch." Since Ginny lived in the flat across from Harry, she spent a lot of her time at Harry's, even when he wasn't home. She had been known to go to Harry's flat and clean and cook. She's washed his clothes, made his bed and cooked a hot meal that was ready when he walked through the door. Harry may have flooed to the office, but he walked home. He would sometimes floo to the Leaky Cauldron and walk home from there since it was close. Sometimes he would pick up takeaway on the nights when he was too tired to cook and Ginny had a late practice. "I can't wait for Friday," Ginny whispered. Harry smiled at her and thought of his plans for Friday night. "Neither can I." For after this weekend, Ginny would be a future Mrs. Potter.