hands as they switch between fondling her mother's large breasts or kneading her impressive rear. Suddenly he gave her mother a slap on her left buttock causing her to let out a loud shriek. Spurred on by her approval her father grabbed her mother's hips in a strong grip as he pistoned in and outside of her at a hard pace. He slapped her other buttock this time before grabbing one buttock in each of his hands and increased his pace as his wife's moans turned louder and more frequent. As he could feel her inner muscles starting to contract around him he slapped her arse again as he viciously increased the pace. It didn't take many seconds before her mother clenched uncontrollably around her father's shaft. Her strong muscles grabbing him so hard he could barely move as she screamed out his name as she reached her orgasm. Catherine jumped at the sound of her mother's scream as she saw her large buttocks clench and unclench uncontrollably alongside with the movements deep inside her snatch, her powerful magical aura flaring, causing a sharp burst of wind in the bedroom. It was enough to make her father reach orgasm as he let out a roar as his large balls jumped, sending the first burst of his seed into her mother's fertile womb. He continued to penetrate her hard as they were in the midst of their orgasms, until he completely had emptied himself inside her mother. Her mother collapsed on top of her father, large amounts of white semen run down his shaft that, still buried to the hilt. After a while her mother rolled of him, causing his semi erect penis to slip out of her, as they lay beside each other, trying to calm their breathing. She stared unbelievingly at the copious amount of semen that run out of her snatch and onto the sheet, causing a large white pool beneath her. No wonder her mother got pregnant at 20. Catherine came to her senses and soundlessly disappeared out of the suite. Alice reached down between her legs and stared at her hand which were now covered in semen. "I thought we were only doing a quickie? It has been 30 minutes now since we left. Are you trying to knock me up again or what?" Alice leered. "Maybe", Harry winked at Alice. "Let's go and clean up before the kids wonder what we are up to" he continued. "Well, it is your fault, I had just planned for a quickie" Alice laughed. "I didn´t hear you complain" Harry grinned and gave her right buttock a slap. Catherine was quite happy that she had gone unnoticed. She doubted her parents would be thrilled that their daughter spied on them having sex. She didn't know whether to be disturbed or not by what she had just witnessed. But she could not deny that she got aroused at seeing her parents have sex. The mental image of her mother on top of her father, his large penis penetrating her mother's snatch, her large clenched buttocks and her loud moans of pleasure was burnt into her mind. She was also puzzled, how the hell could her mother fit her father's massive erection without getting split in half. She can hardly ask her, now could she? Catherine giggled at her thought. She run back to the pool trying her best to appear unflustered. It wasn't any problem, though, as she caught sight of the twins smug look at the color of her hair, still a bright green. Her mood darkened and she decided to chase them, the next half hour turning into a game of hide and seek. She was interrupted as her mother called out for them, telling them to get ready for dinner. She met up with her siblings an hour later outside the restaurant at the roof of the hotel, which had an amazing view of the sea far below. The ocean was glimmering in the reflection of the low sun. She glanced at her parents whom came walking up to the restaurant from the lounge. Her mother had an expensive looking dress that hugged her curves. Despite showing no cleavage, there were no doubt that she had large breasts and her round buttocks strained against the fabric. She could also see the outline of her father's flaccid penis in his jeans. She blushed slightly as she saw in front of her naked mother on top of her father, riding him hard just an hour ago. The dinner went along fine without any other incident, the main topic being the formula 1 racing season which was coming to an end. She had no idea at first why her parents thought the muggle sport to be interesting, but when she saw that the speed the cars travelled at rivaled those of the fastest brooms, she couldn't help but find the entire thing intriguing. Her parents actually considered buying tickets to Monaco to see the Grand Prix in the start of the summer. Catherine couldn't help but think that this would be a good summer, and neither could her siblings obviously as they had already started to take bets on the winner. A/N: Well, that's it. The next chapter will take place in the famous city of Monaco. As a real estate guy I lightly researched the apartment prices in Monaco for fun. It actually put the prices in Stockholm to shame by a long shot. And then the average price for a good apartment here in Stockholm is approximately equal to 10 500 Euro/Sqm. In Monaco it can be many times as high apparently. I hope you enjoyed reading this fanfiction. I enjoyed writing it. As a non-native English speaker, do you find my English to be adequate? I consider my vocabulary to be acceptable, but I have probably made grammatical errors. I plan to publish the next chapter in the coming week. I expect it to be 3000 words.