his victory is all but in his grasp. Slowly making his way towards his destination, Lord Voldemort feels a peculiar sensation wash over him. It is not excitement; he has not felt emotions along that spectrum in a long time now. Anticipation, possibly. Perhaps a burgeoning sense of triumph. There is a smug sort of satisfaction that comes from knowing the power he wields—and that which he will soon obtain. "Nice costume, mister!" A young boy dressed in brown and grey frayed clothing runs up to him, and peers out through the holes in his mask. Lord Voldemort imagines he can taste it on the air—the moment when the foolish child realizes that Lord Voldemort is anything but false. The boy turns, horror-struck, and begins to run away. Lord Voldemort lightly presses his fingers against his wand inside his robe pocket. It would be so easy to kill the boy—one flick of the wrist, six syllables, two words—but no, it is not necessary. Not tonight. And so he continues on. He pauses amidst two nondescript-looking houses, and focuses his mind on the spot between them. Slowly, the magic of the Fidelius Charm seems to peel back, revealing his destination to his eyes. It does not look any different from the rest. There is a flimsy wire fence with a gate inset that blocks his path, and past it, he can see a slightly overgrown hedge and a rock garden. The cottage itself is as nondescript as the others—small, two-story, paint lightly chipped in some places—and Lord Voldemort feels a flash of irritation at the Potters, this family that would defy him so, and yet live like common muggles when their protection is stripped away. He pauses for a moment longer, peering through the black, parted curtains into the living room. He sees man and child sitting there—both black-haired, both smiling at the magical smoke display. How domestic, he thinks to himself. He reaches into a robe pocket and loosely grips his wand in his pale, slender fingers. With a careless wave of his hand, the gate is slowly pushed open, and he makes his way past it. Up the steps he walks, now—over the wooden porch—up to the door closed and bolted. Pathetic. As if these minimal precautions could bar someone with his power. He blows the door off its hinges, and takes only two steps into the quaint little cottage before coming face-to-face with James Potter. He yells some nonsense warning his wife to flee, but Lord Voldemort pays no attention to it other than to feel a vague sort of amusement. This man is no match for him, and even less so without a wand. He kills him with a flash of green light and a twitch at the corner of his lips. On he goes—stepping over the lifeless body—up the narrow stairs, listening to the mother's frantic attempts to erect some sort of barrier to keep him out—down the hall, past a glass table covered in moving photographs—until he is finally, finally there, standing in front of the door behind which he can hear her whimpering and moving things about. He pushes it open, gives another flick of his wand, and watches her contemptuously. Not a wand on either of them, he notes with a bit of condescension. Stupid of them both, to believe they could be without their wands for even a moment. "No, god no," she croaks as she drops the child into the crib behind her. Her wild, red hair matted and clinging to her tear-stained face, she moves to stand in front of him: arms outspread and body quivering. "Not Harry, please not Harry." "Stand aside," he tells her. He can be merciful, Lord Voldemort. On this night of all nights, he can spare her as a favor to Severus. "Not Harry, not Harry, please!" "Stand aside," he tells her once more, though there is irritation now. He is not in the habit of asking for something more than once, and this foolish girl does not seem to understand the curtesy that he has extended her. "No, please no!" She is begging now, her face turning splotchy and red with emotion and tears. "I'll do anything, take me instead, please, please!" "This is my last warning," says Lord Voldemort, and any amusement that he felt at this family—with their stupid amounts of trust in their friends, and their lack of wands, and their useless attempts at fending him off—is long gone by now. "Stand aside, you silly girl. Stand aside, now." "Have mercy!" She yells at him—as if these might be the words to change his mind. In response, he directs a jet of green light at her, and she inevitably falls. He looks past her, into the baby's face. He is standing up now, tiny fists gripping the horizontal bars of the crib and wearing a curious expression. Lord Voldemort turns his wand slightly, aiming for the spot right between the child's eyes. He wants to see the death of this one; he wants to see for himself, the removal of his last obstacle to power. And then— The baby starts to cry—his mouth opens wide, wide, wide—his eyes scrunch into tiny little slits—and he lets out a loud, pitiful wail—and the suddenness of it makes his wand twitch just slightly, so that when he sends the jet of green, killing light at the child, it is not centered between his eyes, but rather on his forehead, slightly off-center—and for the split second that it takes the light to cross from Voldemort's wand to the child, Lord Voldemort can hear the crying—but not just hear it, but feel it in his bones—in his mind—in his soul—there is a duality in his perception of what is real— And then the cries become screams—his, and the child's—the child's and his—terror and agony, they are consuming him, until he is nothing but—and he needs to leave, but he can't—he will die here—he is dying here…