her! 3 ... You were right, I got the bighead badge, though I think it is currently hidden somewhere in James' flat. 2 ... Have you changed your mind about doing the A. project with me? See you in less than 48 hours! 1 ... -Al Go! Scorpius put the letter in his pocket and set out for the house. He wanted to leave Grandmother in a good mood when he left the next day, so he clipped a branch of wild roses, used transfiguration to fix the blemishes, and arrived to lunch at noon precisely. o.o.o.o Scorpius spent the afternoon saying goodbye to the other part of home that he would miss: his piano. Scorpius opened the large windows of his upper east wing piano room to let in a breeze, and he played his solo, the Symphonie Fantastique —the dreamy first movement, bright waltzing second, pastoral third...but he didn't play them like a muggle. Setting his wand above the keyboard, he transformed the sound from the piano to take on the timbres and textures of a full orchestra—the blaring trombones and rolling timpani in the fourth movement march, and the piercing oboes and frantic strings in the unsettling fifth. It left him sweating, and he was glad for the breeze from the windows. He lowered his head and rested his hands on the keys for a minute, then straightened again and played a series of scales, listening to the natural piano sound of his top-of-the-line Steinway grand. He had tried to transfigure a table into a piano at school, and it sort of worked, but it never stayed in tune and had a woody, boxed-in sound that simply didn't compare to his own genuine instrument. Last he played a few of his childhood favorites: Harmonious Blacksmith, Arabesque, the French Children's Song. While he played, his parents both slipped in and sat on chairs by the wall. "We will miss hearing you play." Dinner, at six, was delicious but quiet. Scorpius thought he ought to compliment Patto on the cooking, that was what Rose would do, but was there any point in trying to please Rose? o.o.o.o The next morning promised another sunny day for the beginning of term, and Scorpius offered to take breakfast to his Grandfather's room so that he could say goodbye. The southwest corner of the manor house was always too warm at this time of year, in spite of its stone walls and spacious rooms. Maybe it was something about how the sun hit it, or maybe that was the way old Lucius Malfoy liked it. The portraits on the walls muttered and wiped their foreheads with embroidered handkerchiefs. The ghost of Lucius Malfoy the First filtered out of one wall and into another, oblivious to Scorpius as he carried the tray of food and potions to Grandfather's room. He knocked on the door. "Hello, Grandfather. May I come in?" Scorpius waited a few moments, and when there was no answer, knocked a little louder. "I have your breakfast, sir, are you ready for it?" No reply. "Grandfather?" Nervously, Scorpius pushed open the door. Grandfather was in the big armchair he always sat in by the fire; Scorpius could see the toes of his pointy boots on the other side of it. Scorpius brought the tray and set it on Grandfather's spindly, claw-footed side table. Lucius was sitting quite still with his eyes closed. His face was wrinkled; pride, malice, fear, and denial etched in a permanent scowl on his aged features. "Good morning, Grandfather," Scorpius said as loudly as he could without shouting. "You have fried eggs, milk and apple juice, and buttered toast, and all the potions you are supposed to take..." Still he didn't stir. "Grandfather?" At last Lucius twitched and grunted, "What is it, boy?" With immense relief, Scorpius answered, "I brought your breakfast, sir, and, I will be leaving on the Hogwarts Express at eleven this morning." Grandfather squinted at him. "Away to school. Your seventh year, is it?" "Yes sir." "Head Boy?" Scorpius sighed. They had already had this conversation at least twice. "No, Grandfather, I am not head boy." "What? Who is then?" "Albus Potter." "Potter! The Potters have been half-blood since 1840," he grumbled, "boy who lived indeed..." Grandfather frowned thoughtfully. "But he did live, didn't he, after Cissa said he was dead...and you lived too, Draco, and so did I..." Grandfather blinked at the fire, and looked like he might fall asleep again. "Do you want the tray on your lap?" "No, no, just hand me the plate of eggs." Scorpius watched as his Grandfather slowly ate. Then Patto poked his head around the door. "Mister Scorpius is being wanted to say goodbye to his parents, sir, they is needing to leave for work. Patto will help Mister Malfoy finish breakfast." o.o.o.o Scorpius said goodbye to his parents, double checked his packing, and spent the rest of the morning beside Grandmother in her Baroque-designed sitting room, trying to read his textbooks while keeping anxious watch on the clock. Finally at ten thirty he took hold of Antares' cage in one hand and his trunk in the other, spun on his heel and apparated to platform 9 3/4. Notes: Ready for an adventure? This will be different than anything I have written so far: longer (probably about 23 chapters, a full Hogwarts year), more intense, and with a more flawed main character than I have written in the past. They say, "quotation is a substitute for wit," and I say, "perfect. I will just add a few nice quotations at the beginnings of the chapters." Antares is the name of the brightest star in the Scorpius/Scorpio constellation. If you are interested in some prequelage, An Unexpected Beginning, A Musical Muggle Meets Magic, A Day to Remember, and The Hat's Jealousies are short stories that happen prior to this one. They aren't necessary for understanding this story, they're just for cuteness and fun. That's all. Happy Reading!