for her arm, poor thing. She then screamed for the guards. They came and, since she was wearing ermine, we guessed that she was royalty." Tension exploded in the room. Crabbe and Goyle cracked their impressive fists against their thighs. Pansy's hand went automatically for a knife wedged in her skirt band. Draco paled a tad in fury and his eyes narrowed. "Tell me," hissed he. "Was she? Was the darn slut royalty of this land?" "Oh, aye, she was," nodded warily Theodore. "We decided to use her body as a shield to get out. We were totally surrendered. Anyway, from the looks upon their faces, they were damn scared she would break a nail. Must be high up in the family, maybe a cousin of the King or something. So, we used her, and we were about to release her and leave, when a General decided to go after us. All Hell broke loose, and then the bastard guards were out in the city, killing and plundering and burning the whole lot. We managed to slip to the Inn and obtain horses to ride back. I was for killing the bitch, but Blaise decided not to, saying that the King was already out for our blood and that it was cautious for us to keep a bargaining chip. The girl. She is a damn pain in the arse, she is, jumped off the horse, even gagged and bounded. Just couldn't stay still. We had to knock her out." Silence followed as he shrugged, and Draco seemed deep in thought. Then, maintaining a loathing, lethal gaze on the tiny limp form, he said, "It was a good idea to keep her, even though I wouldn't have cared if the little whore was dead meat. Anyway, she is here now. What do you propose?" Blaise cut in. "She needs rest, and medical attention. She's been through quite her piece tonight. Tomorrow we can decide of her fate." Draco nodded before adding in scorn, "Quite through her piece, eh? Well, tell yourself that she probably murdered your kin or a hundred others'." "Don't think so," replied coolly Blaise. He had decided to protect the poor girl. She needed at least one voice for her. "She's so young, Captain, you haven't seen her. And she seemed so afraid. She didn't even know how to yield a sword properly and, come to think of it, she did say we were stealing the poor in that room, eh Theo? And, she didn't scream blue murder until we actually talked about killing her. In fact, she only saved her life." Pansy snorted, her fingers caressing a blade tip lovingly. "Got a crush, Zabini?" "Fuck off you snake!" "Enough," cut quietly Draco. "Blaise, Pansy is right. Do not be fooled by her looks or her apparent weakness. Remember that it is always when an enemy seems harmless that it is the most dangerous. If she did not murder, then her family did, and she probably laughed along to their stories of it. She was alone against two outlaws, so she donned the coat of innocence to save herself." Blaise shrugged. It was possible, of course, even very so. The ruling family, the blasted Granger clan, were known for their lack of mercy and their overflow of bloodlust and, as such, were quite able to come up with cunning plans. "Perhaps, Captain. Still, for now she's out cold, so she needs a bed." "Straw in the stables would be too good for the bint," hissed Pansy spitefully. "Well, get her down," ordered Draco warily. "She might have a birthplate, it happens a lot in upper society, such as a necklace or a bracelet. Pansy, search her." Pansy nodded despite the disgust and repulsion evident in her face. Blaise jumped down, stretched, and gently gathered his burden up in his arms before lying her down on the cold natural stone floor, and he softly wiped her messy brown curls out of her face. They all gazed down at her, realising, for the first time, including Blaise and Theo, how dainty and pretty she actually was. Though her face was bruised, her small, pink, pouty lips were set under a button nose, high, delicate cheek bones, in perfect white skin. Pansy growled and fell to her knees, one of her blades cutting away at the girl's ermine cloak attach. The men, except Draco who didn't care for now, coughed and slightly looked away when she was revealed in nothing but a muslim nightdress, and Pansy frowned upon fingering a golden necklace, quite modest, around her neck. On it was a small pendant representing a crown. Pansy examined it. "Yes, definitely royalty," she muttered, causing a shiver of hate to go around the witnesses. She then looked at the tiny letters forming a name and she gazed at them, suddenly white, jaw slack. "What is it, Pans?" asked swiftly Draco. With almost trembling fingers, she handed him the pendant and chain after snapping it off the girl's neck. He figured out the name and smirked. "Well, well, well. Our best prize ever, gentlethieves. You went out to fill a couple of bags with gold...and you come back having abducted none other than the great Princess Hermione Granger herself, heir of the Kingdom." Draco looked back at the girl, his hatred even more fuelled if possible. The others blanched and gasped. Hermione Granger, the sole heir and their enemy, was in their grasp... "Get her out of my sight." 0o0o0o0o0o0o There we go for chapter one. I don't yet know the update rate, as I have several other ongoing fictions, and a lot to do in my personal life, between work and Uni exams coming up. I apologize if the next chapter doesn't come fast enough for your liking. If ever someone wants to beta'e this story- and/or my other ones- please, do speak up. I'd be delighted. Please read and review and tell me what you think! See you soon, DramioneInLove