"Tyler, James!" "GRYFFINDOR!" "Vice, Paige!" "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Yawnet, Matt!" "SLYTHERIN!" The sorting was over, and the feast began. Food filled the sparkling gold plates and Jane loaded hers up. Halfway through the feast, she noticed Snape stood from the staff table and stalked out of the hall, returning with the same boy that helped her get onto the platform. He didn't look good; his expression was fierce and blood streamed from his nose. He sat down between the red head boy and the brown haired girl, who both looked shocked. The girl pulled out her wand and said a word that made the blood vanish. The main course ceased and the puddings appeared. Jane was nibbling on a strange tart when Dumbledore stood. The Great Hall became silent almost immediately. "The very best of evenings to you!" he called out to the Hall, his voice echoing to the bewitched and candle strewn ceiling above. The students burst into whispers, and it was hard not to know why. He had just raised his arms, like he wanted to hug the room. His right hand looked limp and dead. He smiled and covered the hand with his sleeve, "Nothing to worry about," he said, "Now . . . to our new students, welcome, and to our old students, welcome back! Another year full of magical education awaits you . . ." He launched into his beginning year speech. He told them that the products from a joke shop called Weasley's Wizard Wheezes were banned from the school. People wanting to join the Quidditch teams should sign up with their Head of House. A man named Slughorn, or Professor Slughorn as he now was, was to be the Potions master. This received more murmurs and the echo of the word, "Potions?" But it was nothing compared to the reaction when Dumbledore announced that Professor Snape was to take the position of teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts. "NO!" someone shouted. Jane looked back; the boy with black hair had a killing look on his face, his fists clenched. Dumbledore went on, and the whispers diminished. He pressed on about Voldemort, telling the Hall that the defenses around the castle have been strengthened over the summer, and, reminding all the students that, to protect themselves, they should follow the rules that their teachers have set for them, he sent them off to bed. Jane stood up, picking at her teeth with her fingernail and wondering where she should go. A moment later she decided to follow a group of seventh years up the steps in the entrance hall and through the castle to Gryffindor Tower, which was guarded by a painting of a fat lady in a pink dress. "Password?" the fat lady asked. "Dingle berries," one of the seventh years answered. She nodded and the portrait swung open, revealing the threshold to a comfortable looking room. Jane made a mental note to remember the password and followed them into the common room. A fire was blazing in the hearth, surrounded by arm chairs; the whole room was littered with small chairs, tables, and people who weren't tired enough to go to bed. A few girls passed her by and walked up the stair case to the right. She trudged after them, going by doors that had plaques on them reading First Years, Second Years, Third Years . Jane stopped in front of an oak door with a plaque that read Sixth Years and opened it. She guessed that there were three other girls that were sharing the room with her. Three other beds with trunks in front of them stood beside her own. Jane located her suitcase and kicked it open, rummaging around for her Walkman MP3 player. She really needed some music right now, her only way to escape reality. Placing a bud in each year, she switched on the player. What came through the head phones was a loud amount of static. The volume increased and decreased uncontrollably. The player kept turning on and off. Songs went flying back and forth without her pressing the buttons. She frantically took a pin out of her hair and slammed it into the hole of the reset button, but it did no good. "It won't work," Jane turned. The girl with bushy brown hair had just entered, holding a chubby, bow-legged orange cat. "Obviously," Jane snapped. She turned off the player and threw it back into her trunk. "Because, according to Hogwarts: A History , Hogwarts is so magical that anything electronically powered goes haywire within a mile of the castle." Great, so one of her roommates was a Know-It-All. The girl set down her cat and closed the door. Settling herself on the red bed spread of the bed beside Jane, she said, "I'm Hermione Granger. Who are you?" "Jane Rodgers," "You're new here?" "Clearly," "Well, welcome to Hogwarts," "Thanks," Two more girls came into the room, giggling behind their hands. They stopped dead at the sight of Hermione and Jane, looking back and forth between the two, "Who are you?" one asked, pointing an accusing finger at Jane. "Jane," she answered, falling back upon her four-poster. "She's a new student," Hermione explained. "Then how come she isn't a first year," the other girl questioned. "Do I look twelve to you?" "This is Lavender Brown and Pavarti Patil," Hermione introduced. Pavarti had big brown eyes, brown skin, and long black hair. Lavender had crimped, light brown hair and a chubby pink face. Both of them looked at Jane with jealousy, eyeing her perfectly heart-shaped face, full lips, and hair that looked like it had come out of a commercial. Jane rolled her eyes and laid down, staring up at the ceiling. "Well . . . um . . . hi, Jane," Pavarti attempted to be friendly. Lavender didn't bother; she whispered something to her friend and then bounced onto her bed, closing the curtains around it. This was going to be a long year.