broke off the kiss, only to start it back up again, slightly surprised at how different he was than she thought he'd be. His lips were gentler than she'd expected. Not that she'd been imagining this at all. Nope, not at all. She was lying to herself. It was becoming as much of a problem as her attraction to Draco. An attraction she could now finally admit to…now that they were kissing…amongst other things. She reached down to take the cupcake from his hand. "I'm not going to be the only one eating this…" she dipped two fingers into the frosting and down into the cake itself, pulling out a piece of it. She lifted it, mindful of the crumbs falling before she stuffed it into his waiting mouth. He sucked on her fingers, his tongue curling around them as she pulled away. The frosting was on his lips and this was making the biggest mess in the world, but she didn't really care. She turned slightly, and he pressed her against the kitchen counter. His hips were flush against hers. She could feel him. Feel. Him. He licked his lips and pulled her fingers up to his mouth again. His tongue licked at the frosting still there. His hands were on the hem of her shirt, so she set the cupcake down on the counter beside her and pulled her fingers out of his mouth so she could lift her arms. The fabric cleared her head and was tossed somewhere on the floor. She didn't care where. She yanked at his tie with one hand, loosening it and slipping it up and over his head. It joined her shirt on the floor. His eyes drank her in, the pale blue lace of her bra. "Are you certain about this, Granger?" He eased off her, shifting his weight back as he took a small step away from her. She'd honestly never been more sure of anything in her life. "Are you?" she asked instead of answering, looking up to meet his gaze. Grey eyes, sharp and dark, peered back. She inhaled slowly as his fingers dragged up her abdomen. He was warm. Almost hot. His scent swam around her. Sage and cedar. His eyes scanned her face, down to her lips as he lifted his hands to undo his shirt-sleeves. "I asked you first." "Come here," she murmured, reaching for him. She hooked her fingers in his belt, tugging him back closer. "I will…if you tell me you're certain about this." "I'm very, very certain about this…I've been…" she trailed off as he leaned forward, planting his hands on either side of her hips. "You've been what?" "You answer me first…" she whispered. "Are you certain about this?" "Granger…you could have had me at any time with a single word." She arched forward, the heat from his skin washing over her as she pressed her breasts against him. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, her hands tangled in his hair as she murmured in his ear. "Tell me the word…" "Fuck…" he mumbled, a curse more than an answer, before brushing his lips against hers. "It's a bit on the nose, but okay…" she teased, placing her hands on the counter and hopping up so she could be more on eye level with him. He smirked, reaching over to her left, where the cupcake sat on the counter beside her. He dipped his fingers in and then brought them up to slip into her mouth. Watching intently as she sucked on them, licking them clean while his eyes darkened even more. She spread her knees and he stepped between them, pressing his lips to her throat, his fingers still in her mouth. He pulled them out, moving up to kiss at her open mouth. His teeth nipped at her bottom lip. She reached for the cupcake next, it was mostly gone, destroyed by their rough treatment of it. But there was enough frosting left to smear a line down from her throat to the tops of her breasts. She arched an eyebrow, sucking her fingers into her mouth. He smirked and leaned down. She inhaled sharply at the feel of his lips on her breasts. His tongue laving up before dipping beneath the lace cup of her bra. Her nipples stiffened to hard peaks and she tried not to whimper. He kissed his way up her throat, over her jaw and settling on her lips again. He tasted like chocolate. And a touch of the wine they'd had with dinner. Her hands slid up his torso, to settle on his shirt buttons. She undid them one at a time. She was bombarded with the scent of his cologne…not too much, he always wore just enough. She got the shirt unbuttoned, but he started kissing down her body before she could get it off him completely. He pulled her forward on the counter. He tugged down on her yoga pants, pulling them over her hips and tossing them onto the floor. It was at this crucial moment that Hermione recalled not putting on any underwear when she'd changed clothes earlier. He swore softly, his fingertips grazing her thighs before he spread them apart again. "You've been without knickers for this entire evening? Fuck me, you're perfect…" She wasn't exactly sure how they both ended up on the floor, except that they did. Her back was against the wall and her legs were still wrapped around his waist. She huffed out a tired laugh, which he returned. "Fuck, Granger…" He muttered only one more word. "Amazing." While it hadn't started out that way, Draco had to say this was his favourite birthday. Favourite. " Amazing. " P. S: You can find me on tumblr if that's your thing... dresupi dot tumblr dot com. There is a non-fade-to-black, Rated E version of this up on my Ao3, if y'all are interested. ;) Favorite/Follow/Review if you liked! 3 ;) Comments are love! *hearts*