had looked away from her at one point. She took a deep breath. "Malfoy, I was wondering if we could have coffee after we're done here," she asked. Draco's eyes shot back to her and widened. "I'm sorry, what?" he asked in disbelief. "I'm asking if we could get coffee after this," she repeated. His eyes widened further. "Why?" he asked in a suspicious tone. "I wanted to talk to you about something that is rather personal and not something I want to discuss here," she replied. Draco would be lying if he didn't feel intrigued by her request. His port key didn't leave for a couple of hours so he could have coffee with her. "Um, alright, well, my port key leaves in a couple of hours, if the paperwork is all in order, so I could do that," he replied. She smiled and nodded. She went back to perusing her magazine. Soon enough, her name was called and she got up. "I'll meet you at the coffee shop down the block in twenty minutes," she said as she walked past Draco. He nodded in agreement. His name was called a bit later and he had his port key in his pocket. Luckily, he had his bag already packed and simply had to get to his port key station before he was scheduled to leave. He walked down to the coffee shop and walked in. Hermione was sitting at a table towards the back. He ordered some tea and then walked over to join her. He sat down across from her and looked over at her expectantly. "Thank you for agreeing to meet me," she said in greeting. "Well, I'm curious by nature so when you asked, I couldn't very well refuse," he replied. She smiled and nodded slightly. "Where are you heading off to?" she asked. He shrugged. "I'm not sure. They told me what to pack and wouldn't tell me where I was going. It's a bit suspicious, but they seem like they want to keep this under the radar from the press." Hermione's hackles went up. "Who requested your help?" she asked. Draco sat back, picking up on her uneasiness. He crossed his arms and looked at her. "What's going on, Granger?" he asked suspiciously. Hermione flicked her wand quickly and then bit her lip. Draco knew she had silenced the area around them. "Ron and I have been trying to figure out who is pushing against reforming the Ministry. We also feel like Harry's death was not accidental," she replied quietly. That perked up Draco instantly. "Excuse me?" he asked. Hermione sighed. "Can I trust you? I know our past suggests otherwise, but I know that you've been doing a lot of work to help people find lost family and friends as well as lost artifacts. I want to trust that when I tell you our suspicions that you will keep them to yourself," she replied. Draco stared at her for several moments. Emotions that he had been suppressing for the past three years started to stir. He had suspected, somewhere in his mind, that Harry's death was too clean. He knew that Harry was smart. There was no way that a training exercise would get him killed. "You can trust me. I've always felt that his death was too convenient," Draco whispered, his tone harsh. Hermione nodded. "Ron and I suspect that what happened to Harry was not an accident. We have no proof, but Harry was too smart to get killed in a training accident and the fact that the Ministry didn't investigate it very thoroughly aligns with our suspicions. I think Kingsley wanted a more thorough investigation, but he didn't get it because someone stopped it. I don't know, but the Ministry seems to be stuck in neutral. People have tried to make change, but no one is changing. Someone is preventing that from happening. The only problem is that we have no proof," she explained. Draco frowned. He hadn't been following Ministry politics since his trial because it was not something he cared about. It sounded like he should have been paying more attention. "That's an interesting theory, Granger," he commented. "Have you heard anything about this going on?" she asked hopefully. Draco frowned, wishing that he could say that he did know something, but he didn't. "I'm sorry, I don't. I haven't been involved with the Ministry at all up until they contacted me for a job. When I come back, I'll be more than happy to see what I can find out," he offered. Hermione nodded and smiled. "I know it won't bring Harry back, but at least we'll know and hopefully we'll finally be able to make a difference," she replied. "I'm hoping to have this case wrapped up in a couple of days. My port key is leaving soon so I better start heading to the hub. Apparently there is a Ministry employee who's gone missing. I have a vague description of how they look and only the vaguest of ideas as to where I'm heading. I hope that doesn't hinder my mission," he said with a chuckle. Hermione looked up at him in slight concern. "Aren't you a bit worried about the vagueness, especially after what I told you?" she asked. He shrugged. "I've been given even vaguer information before and been alright. Besides, I'm telling you and I told my mother so if anything should happen to me, at least two people will know what happened," he replied with a laugh. She nodded. "Well, thank you again for meeting me and for agreeing to help. Hopefully, we'll have success. Good luck," she said. Draco nodded and left her table. His mind was buzzing again and Harry was at the forefront of his mind again. He felt like he had another mission. He wanted to bring those responsible for Harry's death to justice. He knew it couldn't have happened the way it did. He knew it.