to their new locations, whether it was the storage unit in the basement, the flat above George's shop or the Burrow. Harry collapsed on the couch once Ginny declared she was officially moved in and unpacked. "What do you say about getting pizza?" Ginny asked, sitting down beside Harry. "I would say Pizza Express or Soho Joe's?" "Pizza Express," Ginny replied. She went to the bedroom and collected her purse and returned to the sitting room. "Ready?" Harry got up from the couch and headed to the bedroom to collect his things. They were heading down to the main floor when Ginny dug in her purse for the keys to her old flat. "Hello Herb," Ginny greeted when she stepped off the lift. "Hello Ginny, Harry. What are you two up to?" "We're out of nearly everything, so we need to go shopping." She handed the key to Herb and then turned to Harry. "I gave mine to Hazel when I came back from taking the couch to your brother," Harry explained. "Okay. Have a good evening," Herb called to them as they left. "You too," Ginny returned. She approached the truck Harry had rented and hopped in the passenger side. "Are we returning the truck?" Ginny asked. "Yeah." Harry started the truck and merged into traffic, driving in the rush hour traffic. Soon, much to Ginny's relief, they reached the rental lot to return the truck. Harry parked the truck in its spot and turned the engine off. "What do we need to do?" Ginny asked. "Drop the key in the box and that's it," Harry replied, pressing the button on his keypad to unlock his car. Ginny headed to the car, again getting in the passenger seat. Harry returned a minute later and soon they were on their way to the grocery store. OoOoOoOoOoOoO The sky was clear and the weather was perfect to sit out on the small balcony. Ginny crawled through the French door style window and out to the balcony. It was quiet on the street for this time of night and quite the opposite from the other side of the building where Ginny was previously. Harry had the view of the streets of Soho and the London skyline. Ginny's view was the building on the other side and the alley. She settled in one of the chairs and looked up at the clear night sky, and the lights of downtown London, or what she could see from here. Settling back in the chair, Ginny review the day's events in her head. Moving from her flat to Harry's, going grocery shopping together, and then coming home, eating pizza while watching some mad program on the TV. Ginny once considered selecting a movie or stopping by the movie rental place on their way home. But when she turned the TV on, she settled back and her and Harry laughed at the crazy antics the characters on the show got into. Once the show was over, she took a shower first, relishing in a relaxing shower after a long day. She took care in dressing for bed. But Harry wouldn't care what she wore to bed. She chose a pair of her pajama bottoms and one of Harry's old Quidditch T-shirts. Harry's name, jersey number, and a C for captain were on the shirt. She realized that she bought it for him for his birthday that year. Molly added the name, the C, and the number 7. "Isn't cold out here?" The voice made Ginny jump, she turned to find Harry standing next her, her dressing gown in his hand. She took it from him and slipped it on. It was a little chilly. "I think I'm going in," Ginny decided after a while, especially when the wind got colder. Ginny climbed through the window, reminding her of the portrait hole of Gryffindor tower. She followed Harry into the bedroom, where she slipped off her dressing gown and toed off her slippers. "Are you happy?" Ginny asked. Harry paused, taking his shirt off. "What?" "Are you happy?" Ginny repeated. She wanted to know. Pulling his shirt over his head, Harry thought over what Ginny asked him. Truthfully, he's been the happiest he has ever been since Ginny said yes when he proposed. "Yes, Ginny. I am," Harry replied. He pulled the cover down and climbed on the bed. Once Harry was comfortable, Ginny snuggled up close to him, leaning her head on his shoulder. "You know I've missed waking up with you," Ginny said, breaking the silence that had ascended on them. "I did too," Harry replied. Ginny wrapped an arm around Harry, smiling mischievously as her fingers brushed along his side and he jerked. Harry was really ticklish, especially his sides and stomach. How he passed the Auror physical exam without laughing, Ginny didn't know. "So what's the plan for tomorrow?" Ginny asked. "I don't know, I'm off for the week, so I guess we could do whatever you want to." "May we'll discuss it in the morning." Harry hummed in agreement. He missed having Ginny next to him in bed, even thought she would stick her cold feet and hands on his warm body. She was often like a frozen popsicle when she came to bed, and often times when Harry would sleep above the covers in the hot summer months, she would snuggle under a thin blanket, wanting something over her. Ginny looked over at Harry, noticing that he was struggling to keep his eyes open. "Maybe we should get some sleep," she said, noticing Harry's increasing yawns. "Okay," Harry whispered. He leaned over and they kissed a few times before whispering good night. "I love you." Ginny reached over and pushed back Harry's hair off his face. He needed a hair cut soon. "I love you too." She snuggled into Harry's embrace and soon fell asleep, dreaming about the changes in her life that was going to occur in the next few months.