I stifled a sigh. "Out with it, Gryffindor," I said, rolling my eyes. "What do you want?" "Do you talk to Sev – Snape –much?" she asked, and I blinked at her. "No, not really." I shrugged. "To be honest, I try to avoid the greasy git as much as possible. He's got a terrible superiority complex, you know that?" Her lips twitched as if she were going to smile, and I appraised her curiously. "Why do you want to know?" "Because I wanted you to tell him to leave me the hell alone," she said, and I was surprised to hear her so vindictive. She normally appeared so collected – except for when James Potter was involved, and when she wasn't gliding above the rest of us peasants. "And if he ever tries to apologize to me again and beg for my forgiveness, I'll hex him six ways from Sunday." "Careful there, Evans," I said. "You almost sound like a Slytherin." She gave me an exasperated look, and I smirked at her. "Just tell him to stay away from me," was all she said before she turned and started down the opposite direction of the train car, no doubt heading for the Prefects' carriage. After casting one last curious look in the Gryffindor's direction, I began to pick my way through the cramped corridors, hauling my luggage. A lot of students had had the same idea as me and were now searching for their friends' compartments, but they gave me a wide berth as they passed, averting their stares – whether it was because of my appearance or they knew I was a Slytherin, I didn't know, and I didn't necessarily care as I finally found the compartment I had been looking for. "Afternoon, pricks," I said as I opened the door with my foot and dragged my stuff in. "Anything I missed?" "Nothing much," my best friend and unfortunate Willow-victim, Davey Gudgeon, said, kicking his feet off the seat to make room for me. "Only a couple rounds of Snap, and Az daring Ferris to snort some of the ashes." I looked to my other two best friends, Aziz Patil and Ferris Blishwick, and Az gave me a grin and a wink while Ferris waved half-heartedly, a handkerchief held to his nose. "It hasn't stopped burning for fifteen minutes," my fellow Slytherin moaned, his voice muffled through the cloth. "I think I'm gonna have to see Madam Pomfrey." "That's what you get for being an idiot," I told the messy-haired pure-blood before looking to the boy across from him, who blinked back innocently. "And you're just an idiot for even thinking something as bloody stupid as that in the first place. Aren't you supposed to be a Ravenclaw?" Az rolled his eyes, though his mouth was still spread in a wide grin, his white teeth glowing against his dark skin. "We all know that Davey's the dumbest Ravenclaw to ever grace the House of Rowena," he said, laughing when Davey flipped him off. "Just because it's true doesn't mean you have to point it out," Davey said. "That's like finding out unicorns bone each other using their horns." "Is that why they're so horny?" Az asked with a straight face, and Ferris moaned again. I smacked my head onto the seat behind me. "I can't believe I agreed to spend the rest of my life being friends with you lot." "Oi, you were the one who always said it," Az said. "'Friends who tip the boat together, stay together.'" "And if I'm not mistaken, you were the one who tipped us over in the first place," Davey pointed out. They were, of course, referencing the incident in first year when we had to share a boat across the lake together on our first night of Hogwarts, and I had accidentally capsized our vessel after spotting a spider and attempting to dive overboard, unfortunately taking the three of them with me. With some luck, though, and maybe a little fate thrown in, as well, we had been best friends ever since. "That spider was bigger than my bloody hand," I said defensively, and they all chuckled. "Sure it was," Davey replied with a shite-eating grin, and I smacked his bicep in retaliation. You may be asking yourself why Ferris and I were friends with two Ravenclaws; after all, he was a noble little pure-blood, and even though I was a half-blood, we were both still Slytherins. The boating incident aside, that should have been the end of it. Davey and Az had gone to Ravenclaw, while we had gone to the House everyone in the school despised. It was easy enough to work out though; once Ferris and I had become virtual outcasts to the other Slytherins, it didn't much matter what we did – everyone was still going to hate us. The only reason why nobody had outright hexed us yet was because we still acted enough like Slytherins to get by, even if our two best friends were not of the same House. After the food trolley had rolled around and we had gotten our fair share of snacks, we spent the rest of the journey catching up and playing more rounds of Exploding Snap, which Ferris reluctantly joined despite his red and swollen nose. I laughed along with the rest of them, happy to be in their company again and completely oblivious that in the next twenty-four hours, I would be agreeing to seduce one of the most popular blokes in school before crushing his heart into the dirt. Little did I know that I'd be breaking my own heart as well. Please review! I'd love to know what you all think! Taylor is a new type of character I haven't really written before, which should be evident in upcoming chapters, but despite the challenge I can't wait to write more of her story. And as always, feedback and constructive criticism are more than welcome! xx