would leave Draco alone from now on. Worst case scenario, Potter would go along with it, and Draco could fuck Potter out of his system. Or should those be reversed? Either way, it was a win for Draco. With a triumphant smirk, he turned around to face his nemesis. "Sure, Potter. But I want to do something first," he replied, dropping his voice in a seductive manner. He didn't miss the brief flash of confusion in Potter's eyes before he recovered and shot Draco a smile. As much as he didn't want to admit it, Draco felt his insides melt at the smile. The man in front of him was absolutely gorgeous. "What would that be?" Potter asked curiously. Draco took a bracing deep breath and leaned forward quickly before he could lose his nerve. The moment Draco's lips met Potter's, he immediately regretted his plan. There was a spark between them that he had never felt before. Draco had kissed people before, both boys and girls, but it had never felt like this. Potter squeaked in surprise but shockingly did not pull away. Draco was about to pull away and forget all about his horribly formed plan when Potter began to kiss him back. Draco's eyes flew open in surprise. Potter was kissing him back, and Draco liked it. He decided he was going to stop thinking and just enjoy it. He let his eyes fall closed once again and slid his hands into Potter's hair. Potter took a step forward in response to press his body against Draco's as he opened his mouth to allow Draco's tongue to slide in and explore his mouth. Draco couldn't stop the moan that escaped his lips when his tongue touched Potter's. Potter opened his mouth wider and slid his hands down to grab Draco's arse in response. He then began to grind his burgeoning erection against Draco's. The shock of arousal that flowed through Draco at the first contact snapped him out of his lust-filled haze. He pulled away slightly, panting from the kiss. Harry's eyes opened slowly, confusion evident in his emerald gaze. "What are we doing?" Draco asked breathlessly. Potter's eyes met his in a piercing stare. "Something I've been fantasizing about for weeks," he responded huskily. That was enough for Draco. He launched himself back at Potter, his lips meeting the other boy's once again as he gently pushed him down to the pitch. Potter happily complied, lying on his back on the ground, eyes darkened with lust. Draco slid on top of the dark haired Gryffindor until their erections were lined up. Potter moaned wantonly and thrust his hips up to increase the friction. The sound went straight to Draco's cock. He rolled his hips harder and shifted his attention to Potter's neck. He trailed kisses down the column of skin until he hit the spot where his neck met his collarbone and nipped lightly. Potter moaned again causing Draco to speed up the movement of his hips. He could feel his orgasm beginning to build, but he was too far gone to care that he was on the verge of cumming in his pants like a 3rd Year. Potter's hands once again drifted down to grab Draco's arse and pull him even closer. Draco hadn't thought it was possible but now that it happened he groaned and sucked Potter's earlobe into his mouth, biting gently. "Oh Merlin, Malfoy," Potter gasped. Draco repeated the action, the pleasure low in his belly building. "Nnngh, Draco." That was all it took. Almost without warning Draco felt his balls tighten as his orgasm washed over him as Potter moaned his given name. He knew he was saying something, but he had no idea what he was saying. The only things he was fully aware of were the pleasure rushing through him and the fact that Potter was arching underneath him and keening as he came as well. Draco rolled off of his companion to lay on his back, gasping to catch his breath after the aftershocks of his brilliant orgasm wore off. Bloody hell, what have I done? I just used what was probably my one chance to fuck Potter to frot against him until I came in my trousers. It had been one of the most amazing climaxes of his life, but that was beside the point. "Hey, Draco," Potter said hesitantly from his place next to him. Draco kept his eyes locked on the sky above him and refused to turn to look at the other man. He didn't think he could handle the regret that was sure to be present in his eyes. He made a noncommittal noise to signal the Gryffindor to continue. "You still up for that Seeker's game?" Draco whipped his head around to stare at the raven haired man. He was surprised to see that Potter was already facing him with a slight smile on his face. "You still want to play?" he asked, not able to keep the shock out of his voice. Potter smile widened. "Of course. Don't you know I'm far too noble to just leave after that?" he teased. Draco chuckled. "Forgive me. I forgot who I was speaking to, O Savior," he joked back. Potter laughed openly in response. "Unless you want me to go," he added apprehensively. Draco shook his head before he could properly consider what he was really agreeing to. "Good. How about this then? Best of 3 games, winner buys dinner in Hogsmeade tomorrow night." "Really, Potter? I know you're a Gryffindor but could you get any more G-rated?" Draco attempted to sneer. The effect was ruined by the goofy grin he couldn't seem to keep off of his face. Harry rolled his eyes good-naturedly. "Fine then, Draco. How about winner pays for dinner and gets to decide to who tops when we get back from dinner?" he suggested with a smirk. Draco felt his spent cock twitch in interest. "You're on….Harry." THE END