hands of the Wizengamot to stay their quills on new, prejudiced laws. Some were even spotted at the party. Only a couple of weeks after the salacious article about Harry's "deviant" lifestyle printed in the Prophet, he and Draco stood in the wings of a huge stage that overlooked the crowd gathered in the streets of Diagon Alley. The neighborhood had never seen so many people at once. Merchants were having nearly as much fun as the revelers, basking in the open pockets of the joyful people. After Hermione introduced them, Harry and Draco walked to the middle of the stage, waving at the cheering crowd. First, Harry announced the final total of donations made by the event — more than double what had been estimated. Together, Harry and Draco spoke about their reconciliation and how their relationship could provide a symbol of peace to the Wizarding World — a speech both men had not been excited to give. Finally, as Harry was ready to walk off the stage, Draco grabbed his arm to stop him. "Actually," Draco started, "I have a little surprise for you." Harry looked at him with a shocked expression, equal parts nervous and intrigued by what Draco had planned. He scanned the front of the crowd to see all of his friends smiling smugly, clearly in on the surprise. When he turned back to Draco, a grand piano had appeared at which Draco now sat. The crowd stood silently enraptured as Draco played an expertly woven mix of the songs he'd written at Hogwarts — all of which, he'd realized months earlier, were about Harry. Anger, confusion and sadness bled into rage which morphed into hopelessness. As the music swelled to a climax, Draco began to speak calmly, his voice amplified with a Sonorus . "Potter," he started, glancing behind him quickly to make eye contact with the man who was staring open-mouthed back at him. Draco smirked. "If someone had told me a decade ago, hell, even two years ago that I would be on stage making a fool of myself by professing my love to you like this, I would've had them committed." The crowd laughed politely, and Draco shot a glare toward them. "Would you all shut it? I'm trying to have a moment here." Draco cleared his throat, continuing to play as he reviewed his speech in his head, his lips moving quickly like he was reciting the lines again. " Anyway ," he spoke aloud finally, "And yet here I am, because you broke down the walls I'd been hiding behind since the war. You showed me what happiness is. I know we haven't been together that long, but I would be honored if you'd marry me." As Draco finished his monologue, his fingers slowed over the keys, ending on a few measures of hopeful, sweet music. He swiveled around on the piano bench, facing Potter and ignoring the crowd of people with shocked faces at any Slytherin, but especially this one, being so vulnerable in front of everyone. The front page of The Daily Prophet's evening edition showed Harry saying "yes" and scooping Draco into a passionate kiss. The accompanying story about the proposal and event — and the 250,000 Galleons that had been raised — silenced most of the talks of new, hateful laws. Five years later "— and then, just as Harry was about to save the Wizarding World again by kissing Draco in front of all of Wizarding Britain, your Uncle Ron shocked everyone by declaring his undying love for the Chosen One!" Ginny finished her story with a dramatic flourish as three squealing children burst into fits of laughter. "That's not how it goes, Aunt Ginny," a platinum-blonde, scraggly haired little boy screamed through his giggles. "Daddy and Father kissed and they lived happily ever after !" "Ah, right, right," Ginny responded with a chuckle as she cradled a dark-skinned little girl with freckles. The girl squirmed and cackled in her arms. "Alright you lot, storytime is over. Off to bed with you!" As Ginny and Blaise watched in amusement while four children bounded up the stairs toward the bedrooms, Blaise wrapped an arm around his wife's waist. "Their parents will be so mad we let them stay up past bedtime." "C'mon, they won't tell! We're the coolest of all the parents," Ginny responded with mock offence. "Well," she continued after a small pause, "I'm the coolest mum anyway, I don't know about you." "Oh, you better run," Blaise hissed playfully as he assumed the tickling position, and Ginny took off up the stairs after the children, squealing much like they had earlier. "We should just Floo Blaise and make sure Scorp's okay," Draco insisted as he attempted to untangle himself from Harry's limbs. Harry laughed, taking a deep breath and inhaling the cool ocean breeze as it blew in from the window of their villa on the beach. "Please, Draco, this is our last night! We only get to enjoy our anniversary once a year, let's go grab a late dinner instead." He placed a kiss on Draco's mouth to keep him from protesting. "Blaise knows what you could do to him if even a hair on Scorp's head is misplaced, not to mention your husband is the head of the DMLE." Draco groaned, conceding to the onslaught of kisses Harry was trailing down his neck. " Fine , but I'm sending my Patronus on the way to the restaurant!" Harry growled, but Draco persisted. "It won't interfere with all of this , and dinner will be over by the time Blaise gets back to us." " Fine ," Harry responded, his lips pressed against Draco's skin as he mimicked his husband's tone. "But when we hear Scorp is tucked safely into bed, you owe me." Draco smirked, cradling Harry's face in his hands and pulling Harry away from his neck so that he could kiss him properly. "I think that can be arranged."