because it was so out of the ordinary for the Potter charm to fail that he found it hilarious. It didn't hurt that he was already in with Snape, the familial connection finally working to his favour. Most Hufflepuffs were tolerable, for the most part. Far more tolerable than Ravenclaws, who he found annoyingly boastful during Transfiguration. He tried to be happy for Harry when he ended up on the Quidditch team, but mostly he was jealous. After all, he never would have flown at all if Draco hadn't dared him into a game of chase after Neville had fallen off his broom. Still, there was the benefit of being able to cheer for everyone at games, which made it easier while he sat with the Slytherins. Although, truthfully, they all knew better by now than to make fun of Draco's friendship with the Gryffindor Golden Trio. First of all, no one really wanted to piss Harry Potter off, even if he was proving to be slightly less impressive than the rumours had all said. More importantly though, Draco had nearly attacked his only real Slytherin friend, Pansy Parkinson, when she had muttered something about Hermione being a mudblood . Draco had laughed himself silly about his anger later that day; it was ridiculous that he had gotten so mad about a word that, just a few months earlier, was a regular part of his own vocabulary. Still. He was a Slytherin, and a Malfoy. He took care of his own. Hermione Granger included. Which is why, as annoyed as he was getting with their conversations being constantly centred on the frigging trap door, he was trying to be supportive. That hadn't exactly been the best night of his life (although, in the back of his mind, he kept thinking that maybe it was), and he knew for sure that if it had been a group of Slytherins, they would have dropped it by now and moved on to more interesting endeavours. But the Gryffindors were obsessed, and despite himself, he was now a little excited to figure out what was going on in the Castle. Then of course, he'd followed Hermione through the corridors as she was bawling, clearly upset from something the stupid boys had said again. His protective nature was going to kill him, hanging out with these three; that had been the night they'd ended up fighting the fucking troll. Through it all, his brain kept helplessly shouting, "Just waituntil I tell my father about this!" Of course, he wasn't going to tell Lucius Malfoy anything. He couldn't imagine how that conversation went, exactly. Yes, Father. I have been having fun at school, going on ridiculous adventures, breaking fifty school rules, all while hanging out with my half-blood and muggle-born, Gryffindor friends! It's been wonderful, father dearest. Fat chance. He was already busy making up story after story about what he'd actually been doing, and it was still three days until break. The feast was that night, and he was excited to sit with his friends at their table, the house rules predictably slack at the holidays. He hated that he was leaving during Christmas. His brain was helpfully reminding him how different home was from Hogwarts; despite being nearly the same size, the mausoleum-like manor contained none of the warmth, none of the floating candles or built up fires, and definitely no piles of sweets helpfully placed at every table. He was losing sleep worrying about how badly it was going to go. When he collapsed at the library table beside Neville that afternoon, wearily throwing down his bag and sighing dramatically. Ron rolled his eyes. "What's wrong with you?" he said warily. "I have to go home , Ron. HOME! Not all of us are excited by that prospect, you know." "Always the drama with you. Honestly. Besides. Change of plans. I'm staying here." "Yes," said Hermione. "And you are going to help Harry. Not just be distracting." "Help him do what?" Draco said, interested all of a sudden. Harry looked around, then whispered conspiratorially, "Hagrid let something slip about the third floor corridor. A name." Draco sat up, "Wait! You told Neville!" "Hey!" Neville said, protesting by hitting Draco in the arm. "Well, I just can't believe you told Longbottom before you told me," Draco huffed. "He was in the common room when we got back! We hadn't seen you until now," Harry apologised. This was a constant apology between he and Draco. Try as they might to keep him included, the reality was that Draco wasn't always there right when they found things out, and the common room was the easiest place to hide things from teachers and other prying ears. "Anyway, listen. We need to figure out what this means. Nicolas Flamel!" "Nicolas Flamel?" "Yes," said Hermoine, whispering fiercely. "We think that whatever the dog is guarding has something to do with him. Trouble is, I have no idea who it is, and I can't find anything about him anywhere! I know the name seems familiar, so the boys are going to spend the holidays looking." "Well, as thrilling as that sounds, I'm pretty sure that Hagrid was just talking about the Philosopher's stone guy." "What?!" all four Gryffindors shouted at once. Draco shook his head. "Honestly. What would you do without me. Nicolas Flamel. Rather famous, gloriously old…he has the Philosopher's stone and Elixir of life? Although, no one actually believes that. He's just famous for being really old, so the rumours fly." "How do you know that?!" Ron cried. Draco quirked an eyebrow at him, "I grew up in a magical household in which I actually paid attention. I mean, Hermione here has an excuse, and Harry obviously. But you two…Honestly." Hermione and Draco laughed, and Hermione muttered, "Thank God for Draco." Draco smiled at her. Hogwarts was definitely his favourite place. He could survive break, secure in the knowledge that soon enough, he'd be back here. Back home.