wrestling of youth. Remus tore at him like he wanted to maim him, possibly cause permanent damage. Like a wild animal. Like a werewolf, his brain supplied against his will. "You. Great. Bloody. Idiot," Remus said, scrabbling with sharp nails and strength whose source was unknown. He should be exhausted. "What the hell do you want? What do you want me to do, ignore the problem? Hide away here and pretend nothing is wrong?" Sirius didn't flinch. He didn't try and stop his friend, even though the scratch of his fingers had now hit skin. Instead, he moved closer. He settled hands securely where they had never been, tightly on hips, a bony purchase where he knew Remus could not escape. Remus fought the grasp feebly, having worn himself down with the scratching frenzy. "I just don't want you to go, Lupin," Sirius said in the closeness. "I've been trying to tell you not to go." And when Remus opened his mouth to argue further, or perhaps to protest the use of 'Lupin', a name he never heard from his friends anymore, Sirius gave up trying to explain with words. He used his mouth, but he put it to better use. He was afraid of the consequences, shaking and trembling as he leaned the half inch further to reach Remus' pillowed lips, but he couldn't stop himself any longer. The choking sound that moved out of his own throat was a little embarrassing, but he had imagined this moment for far too long. A sober kiss, whether or not it was going to be responded to, was more than he had ever dared hope. Remus' lips were as pliable as he remembered, as rough and yet perfect as he'd pictured. There was a moment where Remus did nothing but stare, open eyed, into Sirius' soul. He closed his eyes against that look and pressed on more firmly. He stepped his leg closer to Remus, waiting all the while to be pushed away. "Black," Remus said against his mouth, not kissing him back. "Are you mocking me?" Sirius jerked his head backward in confusion. "Using me to get what you want?" Remus expounded. "Did James tell you, then? Because it won't work, I'm not a fool." "James...using you...Merlin's sake, Remus," Sirius said, hands still on Moony's hips. "What the fuck are you on about? James tell me….You silly werewolf. Listen." He moved his head down because he was pretty sure he could not be looking Remus in the eye for this next sentence; he nuzzled closer and expected to be pushed back. When his head hit the space between Remus' chin and clavicle and he was allowed to stay, he couldn't stop himself from briefly attaching mouth to pulse point, sucking lightly on the thundering beat that he found there, breath hitching at the discovery, even if it was just because of anger directed at him. "I don't want you to go," Sirius began, "And I won't stop saying it. But you've got my meaning wrong. I don't want you to go to the werewolf camp, no. But James doesn't want you to do that either, or Lily. I don't want you to go ever, Moony. I don't want you to go from right here . Merlin- I am not good at this, at confessing. But Moony, I don't want you to go and leave me . I-I er, rather…" There was silence for a moment, in which Sirius died a million deaths and felt a thousand shattering emotions hit the bottom of his soul and felt himself go deathly still. "Me too," Remus whispered eventually from above him, carding his hands in his friend's hair in a way that was both comforting and incredibly terrifying. "Always have," Remus went on. "Just didn't think you felt the same way." "What?" Sirius laughed, unable to move his head, still frozen in fear. "Have I actually been that stealthy? I've...since fourth year Moony. Fourth year ! Wh-" His head was suddenly dragged off Remus' neck and was firmly reattached to that warm and perfect mouth. A breath stealing kiss, followed quickly by a life stealing tongue, and a heart stopping groan. Sirius' brain short circuited, and he managed to push an exhausted Remus back to the carpet, resolving to never again wait 10 years before explaining how he felt. He'd worry about that later though. There wasn't time right now, with Moony fingers, the long and elegant ones he'd admired since second year, scrabbling at him in earnest again, but this time with a goal that had nothing to do with rage. " Now I'm angry at you, Padfoot," Moony said a long while later, burying his face in Sirius' chest and sighing. "What?" Sirius said, instantly hurt. "Why? What'd I do this time?" "You're making it impossible for me to go." He laughed and pulled his Remus closer. "That was the point, Moony," Sirius grinned, pressing his face to Remus' hair, inhaling damp and smoke and the slight freshness of wet forest. "You know I have to," Remus said half-heartedly. "Moony," Sirius said one last time, "Please, don't be mad." And he pinned Remus down to their new spot on the floor of his living room, deciding for them both that leaving was a thing that Was Not Going to Happen. Sirius Black screws up a lot. Almost abnormally frequently. An obscene number of those times had been monumentally disastrous. And yet, here he was, making questionable choices around Remus Lupin, once again. This time, he was going to do everything in his power to make sure absolutely nothing went wrong. Now everything makes sense at the moment And the moment's independent of time But who decides where truth resides Your guess is as good as mine But without a love I don't have an inkling I'd be howling every night at the moon And if the stars stop twinkling The end will sure be coming soon - Easily Bruised, Matthew Barber