bedroom, he heard the tick tock of the grandfather clock. It was the first thing that greeted who ever came up the stairs. It didn't chime thanks to charms Remus placed on it since it often was the cause of Sirius's middle of the night insomnia. Harry stood in front of Sirius's bedroom door, clutching his stomach and feeling like a child, as he debated over whether or not it was worth it to wake up Sirius or to go to the bathroom and hunt for a stomach soother himself. Harry was very familiar with the potion, having almost lived on it last summer. The cold hardwood floor changed to soft plush carpet as Harry stepped over the threshold of Sirius's bedroom. The carpet was warm to Harry's bare feet compared to the coldness of the hardwood floors of the corridor. The only sounds in the quiet room were Sirius's soft snores. Harry only walked two steps towards the bed when Sirius turned over, facing Harry. Sirius's eyes cracked up for a second and then sprung open and like a shot he sat up. "What's wrong, Pup?" Sirius asked, his voice sounding groggy, "My stomach hurts again." Harry would deny that he whined this. But Harry was getting used to being cared for when he was sick that a part of him wanted to fake a stomach ache just for the attention he got when he was sick. Sirius just padded the place next to him, motioning for Harry to come and get in bed with him. Harry had only slept with Sirius when he was afraid to go to sleep after a nightmare. Either he would sleep in Sirius bed with him or sleep in his own bed with Sirius as Padfoot. "I'll go and see about getting you a stomach soother. You stay here," Sirius murmured as he tucked Harry into bed on the left side of the bed. Harry huddled himself beneath the warmth of the covers, and turned to glance at the pillow. It was a little bit harder than the soft one Harry slept on. His stomach made its presence known, grumbling and gurgling loudly. Harry gripped his stomach once again. He didn't notice Sirius reentering the bedroom until he heard a soft thump. "I brought you your pillow, figured you would want it instead of the hard ones I use." Harry lifted his head so Sirius could change out the pillows. Before Harry returned his head to the now soft pillow he was used to, Sirius helped him sit up to take another potion. "I brought you some water to sip on after you take the potion. This is the maximum strength one, it should help your stomach feel better." Harry let Sirius turn the vial up and he swallowed the potion. Once Harry swallowed the last of the potion, Sirius sat it down on the nightstand and then summoned a gray bucket from the hall closet. "Just in case you need it," Sirius informed his godson. "Thanks Sirius," Harry mumbled. "You're welcome." Sirius returned to his side of the bed and laid down. He watched Harry for a moment as he turned over to face Sirius. It didn't seem too much longer until Harry was asleep. "Sleep well, Prongslet," Sirius whispered and kissed Harry's forehead before settled in bed and fell asleep once again. OoOoOoOoOoOoO Sirius and Remus let Harry sleep until close to noon the next day. Sirius woke him up by bringing Harry a bowl of porridge with some apple juice for breakfast. "Harry, time to wake up," Sirius soothed as he shook Harry's shoulder gently. Harry's eyes opened and Sirius handed Harry his glasses. "It's almost noon, Remus and I let you sleep in some today, figuring you needed some rest," Sirius explained. "How's your stomach?" "Better," Harry replied, through a yawn. He then noticed the bowl of porridge. "Is that breakfast?" "Yes, it is. Eat as much as you want." Harry scooped some of the porridge in his mouth and soon the whole bowl was gone. "Sirius," Harry began. "Thanks for taking care of me last night." "You're welcome," Sirius murmured, he leaned over and kissed Harry's head. Once Harry was done with breakfast, he went to take a quick shower and change clothes so he could go with Sirius to Diagon Alley to get his school things. "We're leaving in a few minutes," Sirius announced when Harry was tying his shoes. Upon arriving to the Leaky Caldron, Harry and Sirius headed straight to the entrance of Diagon Alley. They met the Weasleys and Hermione at Flourish and Blotts. "So are you coming to the Burrow this weekend for the Quidditch game?" Ron asked Harry as they collected their school books. "Yeah, I'm coming. Sirius said something about playing too. I think thought he's a little rusty. Harry and Ron talked about the Quidditch game that weekend until Hermione slammed a book about OWLs on Harry and Ron's stack. "By the way Harry, we're going to have your birthday cake at the Burrow before the game." Harry paled at the thought of cake, Sirius chuckled. "Um, what kind is it?" Harry asked, dreading the answer. "Your favorite, chocolate with chocolate icing" Hermione replied. Harry nodded and looked at Sirius, who laughed and left Hermione and Ron looking at Harry puzzled. Harry briefly explained to them what happened the day before. Ron winced in sympathy, while Hermione cooed, "you poor thing." Harry knew that he had a few days to prepare for Molly's cake. But one thing Harry knew for sure, Molly's cakes were a lot better than Hagrid's and hers would never cause a stomach ache, unless he ate too much. AN: If Harry couldn't live with his parents, then I wished he lived with Sirius. Let me know in the reviews, or PM me if you have idea of Harry Lives with Sirius situation or story idea. I'm open to ideas and I'll see what I can do.