tip of his wand down onto Harry's forearm. Harry felt the dark magic seep into his skin for the split second before the searing pain burnt into his skin. It was like nothing he had experienced before, pain and pleasure washing over him as he felt himself give in, the power of the dark magic flooding through him and suddenly the phrase 'drunk with power' held a new meaning for him. He felt invincible and incredible and he never wanted this feeling to stop. Suddenly the feeling was over and Voldemort pulled away, his tongue darting out of his mouth, dragging slowly along his bottom lip as it curled into a sly smirk. He savoured the moment, smiling approvingly at the way his mark contorted on Harry's arm, acquainting itself with the recipient. "Father, you summoned me," the voice of a young woman snapped Harry out of his drug-like haze. He turned in the direction of the sound, a little startled to see a beautiful woman, he guessed to be of his own age, standing to his left, facing Voldemort. "Harry," Voldemort smiled at him. "I would like to introduce you to my daughter, Delphini." Harry felt a surge of unexpected arousal as Delphini smiled at him. "I believe she is the same age as you," Voldemort turned to his left as Bellatrix nodded, smiling. "Yes, my Lord. I conceived her in the same month Lucius sired his blood traitor spawn." Harry's eyes drifted to Bellatrix's left, her husband Rodolphus Lestrange's face twitching slightly as he tried to mask his obvious distaste for his wife's sexual indiscretions. Harry returned his gaze to Bellatrix who was enjoying the way Lucius Malfoy shifted uncomfortably at the mention of his traitorous son, Draco. "I heard he is further disgracing his name by fucking the cunt of that mudblood whore, Granger," she casually remarked in her sing song voice, grinning as the other Death Eaters laughed and vocalised their disgust. "Quiet," Voldemort snapped, silencing the disruption. "Come, Harry, we have much to discuss." Harry took his regular seat at the right hand of Lord Voldemort, listening as Lucius gave the latest report. It had been three months since his defection and little progress had been made, despite Voldemort having The Hallows. Voldemort's rage had intensified with each report, punishing the failings of his pathetic followers by subjecting them to the cruciatus at the hand of Harry. For his part, Harry was becoming increasingly addicted to the dark magic that flowed through his veins as he partook in the torture, the light in his magic slowly extinguished by the unforgivable. "Harry, come," Voldemort instructed, smiling when Harry followed him from the drawing room to the private sanctum of Lucius Malfoy's study. Voldemort nodded for him to seat himself in the wingback chair opposite him. "I have a task for you," Voldemort informed him. "Succeed in this task and I shall reward you greatly." Suddenly Harry's mind flooded with images of his parents as Voldemort paused. Delphini appeared at her father's side smiling. Voldemort kept his eyes fixed on Harry's as he took his daughter's hand. Harry felt oddly aroused as she seated herself on her father's knee, flashing Harry a coy smile. Harry swallowed hard, glancing at Voldemort for clarification. "I wish for you to sire offspring with my daughter. I require an heir. My daughter will be the vessel, you will be the seed." Harry took in Voldemort's words as Delphini pushed herself from her father's lap, slinking over to Harry. He was rendered speechless as she poured herself into his lap, her hands taking his and placing them on her breasts. She moaned slightly as Harry cupped her flesh, seemingly unable to stop himself from giving into the lust that engulfed his senses. Something in him told him this wasn't right, a small spark of light igniting in his core. Somehow he found it in him to resist the voice that told him to give Voldemort what he wanted so that he could be reunited with his parents. He began to shake his head. "No," he whispered, as Delphini tried to kiss him. "No," he said louder, shaking his head more firmly. "No," he shouted, pushing her from his lap. Voldemort snarled in anger. Harry grabbed his wand. "You liar," he yelled as Voldemort started to laugh. "I won't do this." "It's too late, you are mine," Voldemort informed him gleefully. Harry shook his head. "No, I am not. I am my own and I choose death." Voldemort stopped laughing as Harry's words sunk in, his face falling as Harry turned his wand on himself. " Avada kedava ." Cold sweat coated Harry's body, trickling down his spine as he sat bolt upright, panting heavily. His eyes darted about the room in fear, his subconscious still clawing at him as he realised he was now awake. The mattress shifted slightly as the raven haired woman next to him sat up, the white sheet of the bed falling away from her naked torso as she reached for him. Her right palm pressed to his chest feeling the staccato pounding of his heart, lifting with each rise and fall of his heavy breathing, her delicate fingers of her left hand finding their way into his hair. She brushed the sweat-drenched locks away from his forehead gently as he turned, his deep green eyes finding her dark eyes that were filled with concern. "Another nightmare?" she whispered. Reaching out for her, Harry cupped her cheek, pulling her close, kissing her deeply. Pansy was startled at first, relaxing into his touch as Harry poured everything he had into that one kiss. He knew no matter what, he could not give into the temptation of his nightmares. Suddenly he pulled away, breathless. "I need to talk to Draco." "It's just after three in the morning, what are you doing up?" Draco asked shocked as Harry appeared in the kitchen. Harry swallowed. "I need you to teach me occlumency."