as she walked toward him. Her dark green eyes bored into Remus' own. The sadness and self-loathing she found there was overwhelming. "I want to show you something." She turned from him and moved to get dressed. Petunia looked back just once to make sure he was following her lead. Satisfied that he was, she returned to her own business, her mind a mess of thoughts and emotions. As they walked out of the underground tunnel from the Whomping Willow, Petunia used every ounce of willpower she had not to grab his hand, to try and comfort him in some way. Her head and her heart agreed on something for once. Everything inside of her demanded to connect with Remus. He was her mate, and she was starting to understand what that really meant. She only hoped what she had to show him would have the effect she intended. Side-by-side they walked across the grounds to the edge of the Forbidden Forest, and though Petunia caught Remus staring at her when she turned to check on him, he didn't say anything. They travelled for a time before she could smell them. The twitch of Remus' jaw made her sure he smelled them too. "Remus," she started cautiously, "as you know I've always been jealous of my sister's magic. I wanted nothing more than to be magical myself. And, well, I got a lot more than I bargained for." Petunia couldn't help but laugh at the thought. Months ago she'd made the stupid decision to travel by herself to a castle she wasn't even supposed to be able to see in the hopes that she could make potions and perform transfiguration along with her sister. She stopped just outside of the clearing she knew was there and grabbed Remus' hands. "But after all of that," she continued, "I still think magic is wonderful, even the magic that transforms us each month." Remus' eyebrows wrinkled together, as if he couldn't believe someone thought it was wonderful to be a monster. She could see every year he'd spent hating who — or what — he was in the shadows and scars on his face. She led him through one more line of trees, and he gasped at the sight he found in the clearing. A pack of wolves stared at him. Galen stepped forward, and Remus reached for his mate. He growled when he saw her move toward the wolf. She turned back to him with a pointed look and he quieted. "Remus, if you and I ever got pregnant we would have a beautiful human child," Petunia said sternly, her tone not conveying how absolutely ridiculous she found this whole line of thought, especially considering they hadn't even kissed yet. "In some parallel universe where you can't keep your paws off me in werewolf form, if I ever got pregnant, we would make these beautiful animals." Petunia turned back to the pack and knelt where she stood. Galen padded across the ground and ran into Petunia's arms, nuzzling at her neck and woofing excitedly. His tail wagged so fast it was hard to see. Remus watched, every bone in his body at attention in case this wild animal attacked her. "What is this?" Petunia turned, her arm still wrapped around the wolf's grey mane. "Galen and his pack were born of two werewolves. Dumbledore brought them here ages ago, and the night I was bitten, they saved my life," she said. "They're so smart, Remus. They don't hunt humans, either. They're not monsters." Petunia stood, petting the animal beside her once more before striding up to the wizard. She confidently placed a hand against his scarred cheek. Her skin sang even at the innocent contact. " We are not monsters," she whispered. She could almost see the dark clouds in his eyes lifting. She knew they may return, and she would be ready for them. But for now, he'd seen her point. Remus stared intently down at her and licked his lips, drawing her eyes to the motion. He growled instinctively at her attention. Remus wrapped a firm hand around the back of her head and pulled her to him, claiming her lips in a searing kiss. Petunia whimpered against him, and Remus vowed to himself he would get her to make that sound again, forever. It was as if everything in the world had been fuzzy until this moment when the pieces all clicked back into place. Howling rang out around them, and the wolves began to circle the couple. Galen nuzzled the woman, pushing her toward Remus, while another wolf on Remus' side pushed him. He pulled away from the kiss, but still held Petunia close to him. She laughed quietly. "I think they like us together," she said as they both took in the sight of the werewolves encircling them. The light in her eyes sparked a fire within his heart, and affection for this fierce, confident, smart, beautiful woman engulfed him. She was everything he never knew he needed. Twelve years later. As Petunia sat down with her nephew to have tea — after Floo calling his parents — she realized that she had inadvertently but unequivocally written herself into the Marauders' history by choosing to run away that day. What was once a shaky relationship with her sister, ripped apart by jealousy and bitterness, was now one thriving on shared experiences and genuine love. Petunia had gone from the sidelines of the Wizarding World to being a vital part of the resistance in the war against Voldemort. And when the prophecy was foretold and the Potters forced into hiding, there was no question as to whom would be their secret keeper — Petunia Evans Lupin. She could not be more grateful that hers was a place Harry could run to when his life — which would be untarnished by war and grief if she had anything to say about it — wasn't going the way he wanted.