Lady Basten, it is by your wish, that I, Harry James Potter- Black- Hufflepuff, now claim my right as Lord Speaker. I claim this right by blood and cancel all claims by other speakers. I swear to uphold the rights of ALL Serpents, by my word and deed, to the best of my abilities within reason. SO SAY I, SO SHALL IT BE. Once again Basten lifted her head and gave a mighty roar that travelled through the entire Gringotts and once again it was answered with the roars of all the Dragons and other Serpents from the Bank. Basten: Your claim has been acknowledged by OUR kind. We hold you to your word and pledge our alliance to you alone. Let it be known to all who seeks the knowledge, WE the Serpents claim you as our SPEAKER, ALLY, VOICE and CHAMPION. Harry bowed his head and closed his eyes and was soon engulfed by a warm flame from the mouth of Basten. The flame did not burn his skin, but it scorched the clothes he wore and replaced them with the Cloth of the Dragon, which melted to his body in the form of a second skin. Basten: With MY breath, I will protect you until your last breath. Harry: With YOUR breath over me, I will protect you and your kin until My last breath. Harry/Basten: so we say it, so shall it be. A magical pulse left them and travelled throughout the whole earth, signalling the oath that was made by the Lord Speaker and the Guardian Dragon. Basten: As it is custom, I will now gift you with one of our kind, who will bond with you and be your familiar. I gift to you the egg of an Earth Dragon. He will grow as your magic grows and will be your companion throughout your whole life. Your Magic will feed his Magic ant together you will be able to use Parcel- Magic. His memories will teach you both according to the strength of your core. When I blessed you with my breath, I sensed that your time in the Chamber has increased your core size to that of a man well into his 50th year, for this I applaud you. Not many people can grow that much without having had some of what was needed in the first place. Your core was of an above average size when you entered the Chamber and this has allowed you to learn more and have it grow with your knowledge. As this is the case, I will allow your Dragon to hatch here with me and I will advance his memories to that of your magical age. Know this Lord Speaker, everything I teach your Dragon, will automatically be taught to your sub conscious. It is up to you to then MAKE the time to bond with your Dragon and settle the shared knowledge between you. As for now, I will hatch your Dragon and give the two of you enough time to MIND-BOND and for you to find out his name, before I will allow you to follow Chief Ragnok and begin to teach your Dragon the history of our kin. When you finish with your task, come back here and collect your Dragon. Now, get down on your knees and hold the egg to your heart. Harry got down on his knees, picked up the egg of his soon to be bonded Earth Dragon and held it lovingly to his heart. A few seconds later with the help of some more Dragon breath from Basten, and Harry was holding his Earth Dragon in his arms. Within the first breath that the Earth Dragon took, Harry knew what real love was, because he felt it towards his Dragon. Harry: Hello Dear Heart. My name is Harry and I will be your bonded companion for the rest of my life. Please tell me your name. Lau Susuga loto: I am your Dear Heart, but from where I am from, they would call me Lau Susuga loto. It is Samoan. You may call me Lau for short, but you will have to introduce my full name to anybody else. Harry smiled and nodded his head as a tear ran down his cheek. Lay stretched his neck and sipped the tear into his mouth. Lau: Your tears are very powerful; never spill them unless it is needed. Harry: My tears are those of joy and love. Lau: Then I am happy with you, as I feel your love towards me. Harry: Please allow me to introduce you to my friends. Chief Ragnok, Goblin Chief to the Bank of Gringotts, London branch and the great Lady Basten, Dragon Guardian of the Inheritance Time Chamber at Gringotts Bank London. Chief Ragnok, Lady Basten, I find it my greatest pleasure and honour to introduce to you, my bonded companion, Lau Susuga loto, my DEAR HEART. Chief Ragnok and Lady Basten both bowed their heads to the new born Dragon in Harry's arms. Chief Ragnok: Well met Lau Susuga loto, it is my honour to even be a part of your birth and bonding to our dear Harry. I, as the Chief, welcome you to our nation in Gringotts. Basten: Merry We meet young one. Great is your given name in the heart of our kin. DEAR HEART indeed you will be when our Lord Speaker will need it the most, for his path with Fate was sealed long ago. Your task will be honourable in the eyes of the Gods as you walk the road with your bonded. Long may you both live! Lady Basten again lifted her head high and roared for the last time, sending a message to all the Serpent kind that a Dragon has bonded to their Lord Speaker and the Dragon's name is Lau Susuga loto. Harry and Lau nodded their heads in thanks to the well wishes of the Great Lady. Basten: Happy Birthday Lord Speaker!