gaze in the clear reflection of the glass, "I want you again, Draco, now. Take me, I'm yours" Draco Malfoy did not need to be told twice. This woman made his head spin, his cock hard, and his heart sputter. She was wild, untamed, commanding, and intelligent. She gave as good as she got, and the former prince of Slytherin wanted nothing more than to take her to his bed. Giving her the greatest pleasure she'd ever know. Over and over and over again. Pulling his fingers out of her depths much to the protest of his lover, Draco pulled Hermione in two strides to his bed. Had her pushed into his mattress. Her legs over his shoulders as he worked at her core. His tongue worked magic on her as he went down on her. Hermione gasped and moaned wantonly, her nails scraping his scalp and pulling at his long locks. It didn't take long for Draco to bring his lady to her climax. His eyes looked up from where he lapped at her juices, watching her face as she through her head back in pure pleasure, her mouth opening and gasping for breath. His name left her lips. Crawling up her body, Draco lathered kisses up on Hermione's hips, her sides, which he found out, with an amused smirk, were ticklish. Draco didn't get the time to lather his attention on her large breasts like he wanted as he was pulled up her body into a scorching kiss. Granger was all about the domenice, and as Draco won the battle he didn't realize she had a whole other motive as she rolled them over so she now straddled the blonde. Sinking down onto his hard shaft, setting a slow and tantalizing pace. " You sneaky minx!" Their laughter mixed. " Are you really that upset, Draco" Draco just smirked up in reply. But his smirk didn't stay for long as his face contorted into an expression of pleasure as Hermione bit down on his nipple, honestly he hadn't known he like his nipples bitten. Hermione kept her pace, as she reeked havoc on Draco's upper body. It didn't take her any time at all to have the blonde at her mercy, panting hard. As their pleasure increased so did Hermione's speed, Draco bucked up into her harder, and soon both lovers were sedated, panting hard, and thoroughly pleased. Draco tucked them both under the heavy duvet, snuggling up to the barely coherent companion. " I didn't think Malfoy's snuggled" Hermione laughed at Draco's hardened pout. "Oh don't do that. You'll get lines" Hermione mocked as she poked at his forehead. While snuggling up, cozily, to the warm body. her head rested against his firm peck, where his heart was steadily beating. " Eh, what can I say, Granger, you're a bad influence on me" smirking down at her. Hermione grinned mockingly at him like the cheshire cat. Finally the couple succumbed to sleep. Groaning, Draco stretched out. "Wait, isn't there supposed to be another body here!?" Feeling around, Draco's eyes sprang open looking around his room, but there was no sign of her. Her things were gone. The sheets were cold. "Just answer me one question, Hermione. Why didn't you tell me? Or stay...even answer one of my bloody owls," Draco took Hermione's hands in his much larger ones. "Please Hermione, I'm begging you, just tell me why" Hermione's eyes searched the blond man's face, his pained eyes matched his pleading voice. Before Hermione could open her mouth to answer his question, Draco pulled her to him, hugging her. Resting his head on top of hers Draco breathed in her scent. A scent so personal only a lover or a mother would know. A scent he'd been craving for years now. "I didn't think Malfoy's begged" She made her way back around her desk. Propping herself on the front of the varnished wood. "Eh, What can I say, Granger, you're a bad influence on me" Hermione spluttered. The brightest witch of her age clung to her childhood bully. Memories flashed through her mind. Similar words exchanged too long ago. Taking a breath Hermione began, "I-I...I was leaving for an apprenticeship...in France later that day. We slept together, Draco. I was unsure of your intention. Did you charm me just to get into my knickers or did you mean it? I was scared and what if you did harbor feelings. Hell! what if I did! How would that effect my apprenticeship? There was just too many factors and not enough time...I'm sorry, it's a mistake I've carried with me for a long time now…" Draco placed his hand under her chin, brushing his thumb along her bottom lip. "Shhh, Hermione. It's in the past now, something we can't change. Actions that we are unable to take back." Hermione nodded, her eyes misting. The pair stood, entwined in each other's arms, hearing each other's breathing and feeling the other's heartbeat soothed the tension. "Draco?" "Mmm, yes, Love?" his head resting on her's, Draco's gray eyes scanned the streets watching as random motor vehicles passed by. What a mystery the muggle world was to him. "Give me another chance" confusion clearly written on his face Draco looked down to his short lioness. "I know I wronged you last time. I can't take that back, but let me make it up to you. Take me back to your place. I promise I won't be gone when you wake up." Draco felt such happiness his chest hurt, then the unease settled in. she had left last time what would make her stay this time. But Draco didn't care. Shoving his conscious away, Draco smiled, "I'd like nothing more than to do so" leaning down He captured her lips with his own, then promptly apparated them to his chambers. Hermione Granger was there when Draco Malfoy woke up. She was there when he fell asleep. And was there all throughout their remaining days together.