you happen to have an anonymous friend in my ranks," he stepped inside the room. "Stand aside, and you will live," "No," Lily snapped forcefully. "Never," "Last chance," the man smiled with something like a failed attempt at kindness. He raised his wand and pointed it at Lily, who stayed stubbornly in her place. But faced with the dark lord, with his wand pointed at her face, defenseless and almost ready to die, Lily felt something within her break. Slowly, she turned to face her teary-eyed son. "Harry. Harry, you are loved. You are so loved. Harry, Mama loves you. Dada loves you. Harry, be safe. Be strong," She stroke his cheek and patted his small, shivering head, before turning back to face the man before her. And with her last shred of hope, Lily Potter screamed as loudly as possible, a terrible, shrill scream that filled her chest and found life through her throat. She thought, maybe, if all of her dead friends were listening, if anyone around heard, they would come in time to help. "Shut up!" The man shouted angrily. "I will kill you all!" "Not Harry, not Harry, please, not Harry!" She screamed as if all of Hell were rising through her, and the dark lord winced. "Stand aside, you silly girl… stand aside now…" "Not Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead -" her voice became shrill and desperate, and her screaming became even louder, filling with fear and remorse. "As if," he laughed, and steadied his arm aimed at her face. "Not Harry! Please… have mercy… have mercy…" her voice faltered slowly as Lily realised that this was the dark lord, Voldemort himself. And as her last effort, she screamed the loudest, most painful scream she, or even the man shooting a poisonous green jet of light pointed straight at her body, had ever heard. It was a scream filled to the brim with sadness, pain, and horror. It captured the very essence of losing a loved one so dearly held close to such a kind of man, and hurled itself out of her, so strong, clear, that it could have been musical had the absolute demons of Hell not sounded like they were breaking out through her voice. And it was so forceful, so powerful, that the dark lord himself almost felt a spike of magical power so strong that he almost thought he saw a burst of white energy throw itself from her chest as he killed her. But, of course, that wasn't possible. He laughed a horrible, sick laugh as he watched her body freeze, float for a moment surrounded by that same green light, then fall to the ground with a sickening crunch, that scream silenced forever. Bright green, blindingly bright, filled the vision of Lily Potter, a thousand things whirling through her mind at once, and in the next instant, everything snapped shut and faded to black. She knew nothing more. "Lily?" She woke up in a hazy place, pure white and covered in mist. She blinked, and reached up to rub her eyes. When she opened them again, a indistinct shape was standing in front of her. She squinted and the shape became clearer. "Lily, is that you? You're so blurry, I can barely see anything -" She snapped to attention. She knew that voice. "James?" Lily croaked, her voice sore and cracked, her mouth filled with a coppery tang. "I'm - is that you?" "Lily!" And hand grasped hers, and suddenly, everything was bright and clear. Her beloved husband, his glasses crooked on his nose, eyes wide with worry stood over her. "James!" She reached up and grasped him tightly in a bone-crushing hug. It felt so good to be back in his arms again, but the moment did not last long. "Harry," James suddenly said, and both wizards stared at the spot before them, where they had both been just moments ago. Would their baby son join them? Moments passed, then minutes, then an hour. Or, that's how long it felt. Neither could allow themselves to think that maybe, just a little, they would want him with them here, wherever they were. It was James that first spoke. "Lily," he breathed. "I don't think he's coming," "What… but then…" The couple froze in the shocked, jagged silence that spiked through the air. "He's alive!" Lily murmured. "He -" "He's probably killed Lord Voldemort!" James burst out excitedly. "My boy, my Harry, killed Lord Voldemort!" "Now, James, he might have been saved by someone you know-" "That doesn't matter! What matters that he's alive, and he's probably safe now, and he's going to go to Hogwarts, and be a wonderful Gryffindor, and be on the Quidditch team, and…" He burst into a happy sob and Lily wrapped her arms around him. After everything, Lily thought, it was all worth it. Their wonderful son alive, safe, and he was going to be happy. After all, what worse could happen now? Hey so I finally uploaded a new oneshot, and like it says in the description, this whole thing will just be a collection of oneshots and things I think are important in the majestical world of Harry Potter :). Also I'm thinking of discontinuing Hera's Little Minion because I kind of gave up on it ._. If no one wants me to continue it I will not be, unless someone says they do. Anyways, I hope u guys are having a nice summer because I'm not. Augh. I'm heading to A Star Math League Camp on Monday so that'll be great. I'm also thinking of uploading a new Solangelo fic. What do u guys think ? Also the title of this specific thing is stolen from a Chainsmokers album. Uh, I need to say that because I think otherwise I might get copyrighted or fthfhsgyjsjs idk. Yeah that's it bye Edit: SO I JUST REALIZED THIS THING IS OVER FIVE THOUSAND WORDS I FEEL SO PROUD SKSKDJKWKSKKKEKEKKW