think about it, I left mine, too!" she gasped before running from the Hall. Harry was a floor ahead of her when she caught up. Ginny smirked as she quickly approached him. "Harry, wait up!" she called. Harry jumped at her sudden shout, then turned to look at her. "Something wrong, Ginny?" he asked. "No," she panted, out of breath from the run. "I left my bag, too, and thought we could just walk together." Swallowing thickly, Harry nodded. "Okay," he replied, turning to continue towards Gryffindor Tower. "Harry!" someone else shouted for him. Ignoring Ginny's scowl, Harry leaned over the banister to see Hermione down below, holding his bag. "You already had your bag with you," she pointed out, holding it higher for him to see. Mentally thanking his friend, he smiled at Ginny. "Sorry, Ginny, I'm a little scatterbrained," he said, walking past her and back down the stairs. "You may want to hurry and get your bag. Don't want to be late for class." With a huff, Ginny marched off. As soon as his feet touched the floor, Hermione was right in front of him. "Even with Woodrow, she still throws herself at you like she owns you," she hissed at him as he took his bag from her hand. "When do you plan on having your doll humiliate her for all to see?" Harry asked in annoyance, placing his bag strap on his shoulder. "Woodrow progresses depending on how often she uses him," she explained, looking around to make sure they were alone. "Use him enough, and he won't be able to get enough of her. Even going as far as raping her, should she deny." "I can't wait," he chuckled, hand going to Hermione's chin. Pushing her chin up a bit, Harry's lips descended upon hers. Without asking, her lips open invitingly, allowing his tongue into her mouth to dance with hers. His hand grabbed her hair, pulling her closer to him and molding their lips together. With a growl, he separated from her before dragging her to a shadowed corner. "On your knees," he ordered as he unzipped himself. With a smile, she kneeled in front of him, pushing her hair back and out of her way as Harry pulled himself out of his pants. The cock throbbed in front of her, the head already red. Grabbing the shaft, she rubbed her nose and tongue along the vein underneath, earning a groan from the other. Her other hand pulled his pants down enough for her to reach in and grab his testicles, squeezing and tugging them one by one. "Such big balls you have," she moaned as she continued to lick him, covering the organ with her saliva as though marking him. "So full of cum just waiting to be inside me." "It'll go down your throat this time," he told her, his hand still in her hair as he pulled her head upwards to pull her from his scrotum. "Now suck." She swirled her tongue around the tip before taking him into her mouth. He groaned at the wet heat of her mouth, her teeth scraping the sensitive skin. Each time she sucked on him, she swallowed more until he was sheathed in her throat, her moans vibrating him as she started to bob her head. Slowly at first, then faster. Harry started panting, his other hand grabbing her hair as well as she sped up, taking in as much as she could with each descent. He started to thrust into her mouth, earning more vibrating moans from her that pushed him even closer to the edge. Her hand left his sack, both instead grabbing his waist to support herself against him as he took over the act. With a low groan, he pushed himself deep into her throat before finally releasing. As he thrust into her mouth lazily to ride out his orgasm, Hermione grabbed his shaft again, not wanting to let any fluid escape her mouth as she swallowed the load. When he pulled away, she followed, milking him of his salty seed. Feeling the flesh soften, Hermione pulled away with a pop. Her tongue darted out to lick around her lips, getting a final taste of what Harry gave her as he tucked himself away, fixing his clothes to look decent. Panting softly, Hermione got to her feet, blushing lightly when she felt the wetness that was her release from the blowjob. She didn't even touch herself, and she still came. Her body reacted so well to him. Harry tilted his head back against the wall, peering around the corner. The hall was still empty, everyone still eating their breakfast as long as possible before being submitting to the torture of the classrooms. He looked back to Hermione, who was straightening her shirt before running her fingers through her hair to try and look neater. "I don't think you have much to worry about concerning her," he told her, reaching out and brushing his finger against her cheek. "My seed is for your body only, my Doll Maker." Here the Chapter Ends So who saw that coming after the first two parts of the chapter? I think I made it pretty obvious. And like I said before, very strong sexual themes in this story. For crying out loud, first chapter has three of them! Like I said, basically PWP. I may do an explanation chapter as to how they became the Engineer and the Doll Maker. Or I may have them tell a victim out of boredom before torture. I am going to go ahead and say it now: no, not all of Hermione's dolls will be of a sexual nature. Woodrow is because of his purpose. I may end up explaining more about him later. Or have Hermione do it. All in all, I like how this turned out. Tell me what you think! This is basically my first sex fic and I really wanna know how I did.