girl nodded, stifling a yawn as she pulled out her school robes from the top of her trunk. By the time the train rumbled to a stop, they were both in their black robes, though with the respective colors of their House resembled on their ties, Bellamy's being blue and bronze and Cassie's being red and gold. They followed the rest of the students disembarking the train and came out on the small platform stationed in Hogsmeade, Cassie rubbing her arms briskly from the chill of the early autumn air. "Firs' years!" A voice boomed over the chattering crowd, and Cassie saw the gamekeeper, Hagrid, looming over all the students and holding a lamp as he called, "Firs' years, this way!" Cassie saw the tiny, scared faces of the first years as they hesitantly approached the giant man, but she knew Hagrid would do them no harm, kindly soul he was. She remembered her own first year, when she had slipped on the rocks after exiting her boat, and Hagrid had been there to pick her back up, patting her shoulder reassuringly when she had sniffled, trying to keep from crying. The memory stuck out vividly to her, but she doubted he would be able to recall it, and the thought made her small smile vanish as she was pushed along by the crowd, making their way to the carriages that awaited the rest of them. Cassie and Bellamy climbed into one and were joined by two Hufflepuff third years, the younger girls turning to each other and whispering as the older two shared a high-browed glance, the carriage jolting forward and making its way to the school. The carriage ride in itself was uneventful, being pulled along by some invisible force, as always, and soon, they had arrived to the castle. The sight of Hogwarts never failed to amaze Cassie, with its high towers and turrets and windows that gleamed like tiny stars in the inky vastness of the dark sky surrounding them. Warm golden light spilled onto the stone steps they ascended, and as they crossed the threshold of the grand front doors, a feeling quite like that of coming home after a long time spread through her chest as she joined the flock of students filing into the Great Hall. Cassie took a seat on the bench at the Gryffindor table after parting ways with Bellamy, where she was quickly joined by the ever-smiling and joyous presence of Alice Fortescue, one of the girls she shared her dormitory with. "Cassie!" she cried, throwing her arms around Cassie's neck and managing to sit down at the same time. "It's so good to see you! How was your summer?" "Same as ever," she replied, though she couldn't help but smile back. "What about you?" "Oh, it was just wonderful," Alice gushed. "My parents took us to Paris…" Cassie nodded and exclaimed where she needed to, but for the most part, she let Alice do all the talking. The long journey had made her tired and hungry, and she thought longingly of the food that was about to appear before them and her four-poster upstairs as the first years were suddenly ushered into the hall and the Sorting Hat was brought out. Tuning out most of the Sorting (though still cheering with the other Gryffindors when another first year joined their House), Cassie looked up and down the table absentmindedly, her gaze flicking over the familiar faces and pausing on the new additions. She watched James Potter talking animatedly to a nervous first year that had just sat down, probably already filling his mind with terrible practical jokes and crude humor, before she moved on and met a set of grey eyes already staring back at her. She blinked, startled to meet the gaze of Sirius Black as she took in his quizzical frown and scrunched brows, as if he were trying to place her face or her name. Cassie quickly dropped her eyes down to her lap as the Sorting finished, and the Headmaster, Professor Dumbledore, began to speak from the head table. "Welcome to another year at Hogwarts!" he said, and there was a round of applause at this before he continued. "Now, I don't want to keep you – or myself, for that matter – from this wonderful feast we are all waiting for, but I would like to say a few words beforehand." Professor Dumbledore looked out at them all from behind his half-moon spectacles, his demeanor turning solemn as he spoke again. "While dark times may have befallen outside of these walls, Hogwarts will always remain a safe haven to those in need of one," he said seriously, and Cassie shifted in her seat when she thought his sharp eyes strayed to her. "This year will be one of respect, tolerance, hard work, and above all, love and loyalty. May our spirits never dim against the shadows!" There were a few toasts with empty goblets around the hall, before Professor Dumebledore smiled genially once more and announced, "Dig in!" Food suddenly appeared before them, and talk immediately broke out once more when the headmaster sat down, the mood turning light once again. Cassie loaded food onto her golden plate half-heartedly, her stomach churning after hearing the headmaster's words. They had reminded her far too much of the argument she had had with her father upon returning home last term, and the memory made her feel faintly ill when she recalled it. Squashing it down, however, she turned to engage Alice in conversation once more, unaware of the grey eyes that had returned back to her in curiosity from further down the table. It's a slow start, sorry, but things will begin to pick up next time! Please review! *Note: the first version of this chapter had Armando Dippet as Headmaster, but after doing some background checking, Dumbledore was actually Headmaster when the Marauders were at Hogwarts; shame on me, I know, but it's fixed now*