gaze towards Hermione… Then the large black dog that had followed them. Just then Siruis transformed back to himself earning a gasp from everyone including a disgruntled groan from Hermione. "Sirius I thought we agreed…" She started "Yes love we did, but they figured it out the moment you said ring. All Pureblood families have these rings love, I was just never into the marrying sort of the pureblood stuff so I never paid attention." "So it really does work then? They exist?" Arthur started looking at Sirius "I suppose all the myths are a bit more than myths my friend. Hello Molly, Arthur." Sirius said coming to shake their hands, only Molly pulled the black haired man in for a bone crushing hug. "Wait, dad what are you on about?" Ginny said curiously "Soulmates Ginny." Molly said a bit teary eyed. Hermione's eyes snapped to look at Sirius who was already looking at her. "But that can't be…. He would be 20 years her senior… That seems extensive for soulmates!" Harry said almost laughing. "Wizards age at different rates Harry, 20 years for a wizard, let alone a pureblood is almost like nothing compared to a muggle. The equivalent of a blink." Arthur said motioning for everyone to move into the living room to be more comfortable. Everyone took seats along the couches or chairs, only Sirius for some reason came up to sit on the arm of the chair Hermione had sat in pulling her into him. The move didn't go unnoticed by everyone it was shocking to see the ease that the move happened in, as if they had being that for years. "So you're telling me that this…." Ginny said waiving her hand towards Hermione and Sirius, "Has always supposed to happen? "That's what the term soulmates stands for. They were destined for each other." Molly said airly Hermione was absentmindedly fiddling with the ring on her left hand while Sirius was drawing small circles along both her arms. "Arthur… Call Minnie, tell her to get Kingsley and Slughorn… They need to see this, make sure there isn't anything we're missing." "Why Slughorn?" Harry asked curiously "He was Reggie's teacher back in the day, during the time I was removed at the rightful heir. I bet he knows more about my family's odd marriage rituals than anyone. Reggie absolutely adored ol Sluggie, I'm sure he ranted and raved about mum and dad's traditions." Sirius said sliding down the chair to squeeze into Hermione's side, she leaned back into his embrace again a move only done by those who have been doing it for years. Just then Ginny heard Albus crying, her and Harry rushed upstairs to see what was the matter. Arthur left to floo call McGonagall leaving Molly with the new 'couple' "Well you two certainly look cozy." She stated smugly They both jerked away quickly, realizing just how cozy they were. "Sorry Molly, I know this is a bit weird. I'm still extremely baffled by this." Sirius said embarrassed. "No need dear, now I want to ask a rather.. Um embarrassing question…" She started. "No we haven't. She's only put on the ring. Nothing else, no other um… rituals have been performed." Sirius said with a heated cheeks Hermione's cheeks also reddened realizing the 'ritual' he was referring too. This is just insane. One minute I'm missing the man, the next I'm looking at him and now I'm bonded to him?! Sirius smirked a bit as he looked at Hermione I mean I guess it's not so bad… The age difference never was a problem… Neither was looking at him… Glad to know you appreciate what you see kitten. Hermione gasped as her eyes snapped up to meet his grey eyes. "You can hear me?!" "That's another Black Family perk. The spells enchanted on the ring…" Sirius said softly leaning into her ear Oh don't do that, how can you know me so well already…? "We're connected love," He whispered ever so gently into her ear. He picked up her left hand, turning the ring over in her hand and pointed to the rune. "Tied." She whispered back. Molly felt as though she were a third wheel imposing on a very intimate moment and left quickly and quietly leaving them to discuss what they needed to. "Well isn't that convenient." She said softly but still dripping with sarcasm. "Easy pet, your enthusiasm is exhausting." He snickered wrapping an arm around her. "Listen, I promise we will figure out everything one step at a time and together… Okay? We will go at your pace and… Hell I'll even court you the good ol fashioned pureblood way. Would that make you feel better?" Sirius asked "And what would be so different about that?" She asked "Well first of all, I wouldn't be allowed to sit with you like this and touch you above the shoulder or anywhere for that matter would be highly frowned upon." He said with a slight pout "Oh the big bad Sirius Black wouldn't be able to touch me other than my arms?" She started to laugh "The bond works both ways love… You feel the pull to me as well…" He said huskily, "I know you do" He whispered into her ear, lightly grazing the shell of her ear with his lips then flicking his tongue out a bit. This earned a gasp and Hermione could feel every blood cell in her body rising in temperature. "Oh yes my pet, this is such a wonderful gift…" He purred, "For both of us." He said taking her chin into his fingers and turning her head to face him. "Sirius…" She breathed. "I'm asking you love, may I please kiss you?" He looked utterly lost and so vulnerable Hermione couldn't help but break her walls down just a little to let him in. "Yes." She sighed softly. And there she is! The first chapter! Let me know what you think! More to come!