had left… got on a plane and went to Ireland. No one knew where he got the money, well no one knew until Luna remembered five years later that Sirius and his parents left him all that money but he couldn't get ahold of it until he was twenty-one. Why he didn't bother using it until now, no one knows... but he left, just like that. Didn't even bother waiting for Draco to come and buy him a pack of smokes. Yeah, Harry really doesn't like him. I can't love you anymore than this! October 7th, 2004 Draco stood at Tonks' grave with the biggest smile on his face. "I made it... I made it to twenty-nine!" He grinned widely and took out his handheld phone and turned on Hash Pipe by Weezer and began jumping on top of her grave, unable to contain his laughter. "I made it! I thought I would die! I literally thought I would die without you but here I am with as many years as you had, still alive and well! Take that , bitch! And look! I brought you some decent music too!" Draco shouts, laughing like a madman as he jumps up and down, swinging his hair to the music while having a great time. The sun is shining and the clouds are gone, it's just Draco acting crazy in a graveyard by himself, but that doesn't matter to him, he honestly doesn't give a fuck. Harry is gone and really, who gives a damn ! What the hell is in Ireland anyway? It's not like he went to Italy or Peru! When Draco spinned around towards the parking lot and began doing the air guitar, he stopped and stared. The music kept playing and the wind began to tickle his garments, but he honestly doesn't feel a thing. There's Harry, doing as he always does, coming right when you think of him just to crush you even more than before. "Hey, Draco." The man said with a soft smile, his eyes looking cloudy and dead but that smile… it's real. He really is almost happy to see Draco, but they stopped being friends years ago and frankly... sometimes you just have to move on. "I'm twenty-nine you know." Draco informs him idly, as though speaking of the weather to a bleak stranger who may just off themselves but you don't particularly like the idea of blood getting on your clothes so you're talking to distract the person. "That's why you're so happy." "Is that why you're so sad?" "You've always known me well." "No Harry, I don't think I've ever known you." "When did things change between us? Can't we go back to the way we were?" "Things changed the day you got contacts." "What?" "You heard me." "So you want me to wear glasses again?" "Nah." "What do you want, Draco?" There is a pause, and the song ends. It makes Draco pick his phone up off the ground and played the song, "The Man Who Sold the World" by Nirvana. A bit corny, given the situation, but he doesn't mind. "I like this song, and I like the Stones and I like the Roses." "Ah... almost forgot. The Roses... it's your favorite band." " Was . Not anymore. I'm into Weezer now. Weezer, the Killers, Blink 182, Sum 41, and Modest Mouse." The scariest thing in the world to someone like Harry is when his best friend's favorite band changes. It means that he no longer knows him... understand him. Draco is a completely different person than he was when they were friends, kicking back on their boards and looking at the night sky with Nirvana playing in the background. "I'm glad I got to see you. I only just got back." Harry explains, his eyes shining as Draco stares blankly, not particularly interested. It's nice that Harry came to him but frankly it's like a recurring stranger has shown up once again to bug him. "That's nice. I hope you enjoyed yourself. I should probably be off. Lots to do. I'm the owner of my father's company now and I'm hoping to keep it just as high as it has always been," he says with a soft smile. "It's kind of fun... didn't think I would have a knack for it but I guess it runs in my blood." Draco picks up his phone and once he is upright again, he is almost chest to chest with Harry. Instantly his old friend's hands cups his face before leans in and kisses him. It's one-sided. Draco refuses to open his mouth and after a while, Harry quits trying and instead allows the pressure of two lips together be his fill before biting a bit. "I missed you." Gray eyes stare into brilliant green, now brimming with emotion and passion and… and nothing. There's nothing more to see. Harry can stand there and tell Draco everything, explain everything but that doesn't matter because it won't change a thing. "I can't love you anymore than this." Draco quoted with a grim smile, showing his bitterness to its full capacity. He won't stand here, cry, and give a speech about all the shit Harry has put him through. Odds are, he'll figure it out eventually, or he never will. It's just... he's done. Why bring it up again and suffer again when he's done? There are many ways to say goodbye. Harry stares at him with tears falling down those soulless orbs, his face beginning to crumple as he choked back sobs. It's all so bloody tragic. Draco has tried to say goodbye many times, typically with actually saying the word. But this time... this time he'll do what he should always have done. He turned around and walked away. Never wanting to return. Because the scariest thing in the world to Draco is being with Harry for the rest of his life. It won't happen though. Because he's finally said goodbye.