show you around, we must be off." He nodded somewhat mechanically at Scorpius, before sending the baskets inside and hugging his daughter goodbye. Scorpius was confused, since when was Rose a blonde? And why in the world was he brought here? Of all places in the world, he had to be brought to the only place he would be more than bloody uncomfortable at. Was this the universes way of getting back at him for not marrying Amelie Nott after graduation? And not joining the family company? Why of all people did he have to hide away with Rose Weasley ? Nerdy, shy, akward Rose Weasley… Hell, he'd never even spoken a single word to her. This was going to be so fucken messed up and awkward. He cleared his throat, and watched the men's retreating backs. Why were his hands so sweaty? And why was he so nervous? "Right. Well inside Malfoy, I might have wards up, but your still a sitting duck out here." She motioned for him to walk into the small cottage. He walked in and was instantly taken back. Even though the cottage seemed small, it was not small at all, it was two stories, and fairly large. "Make yourself at home. I'll send your things up to your room. I'll give you a tour later, after dinner." And with that Rose walked up the spiral staircase, and disappeared with his bag. He has completely forgotten about it. He walked past the entry way, and looked around the sitting room . One wall was a soft green, and in front of it was a rather large television. He was glad he at least knew that it was. The rest of the walls were completely covered by bricks, or was it rock? He wasn't sure. But it looks amazing. The black leather sofas complemented the small area. Reminding him of the Slytherin common room, minus the soft looking white carpet by the fireplace. He walked up the steps, and found himself staring open mouth at the large kitchen and dining room. The walls again were soft green colours and the kitchen was completely black, with light undertones of grey. It was amazing. But, the most amazing thing, was the floor too ceiling windows behind the dinning table. It showed a breath taking view of the ocean. It was magical. How in the world did Rose Weasley, manage to afford this place? "It's beautiful isn't it?" Spoke a voice from behind him. "Yeah, it's amazing. I love this place. It's gorgeous." He was still in complete amazement with the place. "My ex and I actually bought this place, a few years ago. But, it didn't work out. And he left me with this place as a parting gift." He followed her into the kitchen, and watched in amazement as she push at button, and the whole kitchen lit up with light. "I added and remodelled the whole place, since I live near Muggles, I borrowed some electricity and other services. There is a lower and upper deck, maybe I can show you later. Your bedroom has its own deck, so you can sit out and enjoy the view for a few minutes." He still couldn't wrap around his head, that this Rose Weasley, was the same Rose Weasley from Hogwarts. She seem so… So ok with herself now. She wasn't hiding away in the library or in her bed. She was happy and alive. And for some reason that made him anxious. He didn't know what to do. And why was he still nervous? This was bloody Rose Weasley! "Why are you blonde?" He stupidly asked. In all honesty, it was the only he could think of. Rose turned to look at him, and laughed a loud echoing laugh. He found he liked the sound of it. "I change a lot for my job. Currently I'm blonde, maybe next week I'll be a brunette married with three children. You never know. It's all part of the job." Scorpius stared at Rose. He was completely drawn into how easy it was too be around her. She was so… So, he couldn't really figure it out, but If this is how she has always been like, then he was the biggest idiot in Hogwarts. How could he of missed her? Rose cleared her throat. It was awkward the way he was staring at her. She would lie if she said it didn't make her feel a tab bit happy too see him look at her. But, she reminded herself of how he used to be so indifferent towards her. She couldn't let him get to her. He would only hurt her again. She had to do what she did even if it hurt her more than it should have. After all, nothing hurts more than knowing it was never meant to be. Authors Note: Hello! Well I decided to write another story. Mostly, because I need a way to unwind and destress from work. We got a horrible case and the people involved make me want to commit first degree murder, but then that would leave my daughter motherless... Soooo yeah... Anyways I hope you all like it and I hope to get some feedback.. This won't be a very longs story, probably about 10 chapters or so, long chapters too, usually going back in forth between Rose and Scorpius. I hope you all get the plot. I got to thinking, why is it that Scorpius is always the one to protect Rose? Well I figured he didn't always have to be the hero and made Rose into a badass. Hopefully, she can get out of her angsty feelings for Scorpius, before they become her downfall. Anyways, review please! I've already written four chapters, so any criticism or ideas and input is greatly appreciated. And sorry about the grammar, I need to find someone to help with that! Also, gosh I'm bad at it, Harry Potter is not mine.