in the pit of her stomach. "Oh fuck," she moaned, arching her hips and digging her hair into his scalp. Draco smirked and she could practically feel the smugness radiating off of him. She had the sneaking suspicious that he was spelling out his name. He done something particularly talented with his tongue and she couldn't help but cry out, a shudder wracking through her body. "Oh Draco," she whispered, digging her hands into his scalp. Draco smirked, pressing kisses up her torso as he moved up her body. He rested his head on her chest and smiled. "You're gorgeous," he murmured. Hermione flushed, chewing her lip. Draco pressed a kiss against her mouth, readjusting their position so that he was hovering over her. "Do you still want to?" He asked, his thumb rubbing reassuring circles across her pressure point. Hermione nodded. Draco bit his lower lip. "You ready?" He asked, bracing himself on his elbows. Hermione nodded and Draco ran a hand across her hair. "If you change your mind, you tell me the minute it happens," he demanded. Hermione gave a subtle nod and Draco smiled. "Good girl," he whispered, looking into her eyes as he sunk inside her. They both let out a deep sigh. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut and Draco paused. "You okay Love?" He whispered. Hermione nodded. " Yes," she breathed. "Faster," she urged. Draco shook his head, running his thumb over her lips. "So demanding," he breathed, grabbing her hips and speeding up. Hermione gripped his hair, placing a sloppy kiss in the crook of his neck. One of her hands rested on her stomach and Draco smiled. "Don't be shy Love," he murmured. Hermione bit her lip, her hand slipping between them both. Draco groaned, murmuring reassuringly under his breath. Hermione arched against him, her hand taking through his hair. "God," she moaned. Draco laughed nibbling on her collarbone. "Getting religious on me?" He teased. Hermione flushed, her chest heaving. "Fuck you," she murmured. "I'm trying my best love ," he joked. Hermione let out a burst of laughter, tugging his face towards hers. The pair began kissing more frantically and it wasn't long before their moves became sloppy and erratic. After a few minutes Draco ran his thumb up her side. "You alright, love?" he asked. Hermione nodded and curled against his side. Draco pressed a kiss against Hermione's forehead, kind of his arms wrapping around her as they fell asleep. X-x-x Hermione sat up slowly, holding her head and glancing to her right. Draco was still out cold. She smiled, shaking her head and turning away from him. He looked so peaceful when he slept. She moved quietly, trying not to wake him. But, she had to get coffee. She pulled on his shirt, buttoning it before slipping out of the bedroom quietly. She glanced at the door across the hallway, thankful that it was still closed. Blaise would have gotten in a few hours after them and she wasn't quite sure she could handle his commentary just yet. She moved towards the coffee machine, sighing in relief when she saw her favourite flavour. "Morning Granger. Sleep well?" came the drawl from the couch. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut. mortification filling her face. She turned to face Blaise slowly, opening her eyes to meet his. Blaise smirked, leaning his chin on the back of the couch. "Dirty stop out. I bet you don't even have an outfit for work," he teased. Hermione cleared her throat, sticking her nose in the air and trying to maintain some form of dignity. "I use an undetectable extension charm on all of my handbags. I always have a change of clothes," she said haughtily. Blaise laughed. "You really are a dirty stop out," he teased. Hermione scowled. Blaise's laughs only seemed to stop when Draco entered the room. Blaise sat his head on his chin and glanced at his best friend. "So? What does this mean?" he asked. Draco ran a hand through his hair and shook his head. "Do you think we could maybe discuss that without your input?" he asked. Blaise shook his head. "When it has taken you five years to even shag? I don't think so. You both like each other. Are you dating? It is fairly simple," he quipped. Draco glanced at Hermione who flushed, avoiding his eyes. Blaise sighed and stood up. "When you guys arrive at work I expect a definitive answer," he sang, exiting the room. Draco ran a hand through his hair and turned to face Hermione. "I am sorry about him," he said softly. Hermione shrugged and glanced at him. "He has a point though. What does this mean for us?" she asked, leaning against the counter. Draco laughed and stepped towards her. "I don't sleep with people I am not interested in dating," Draco said, his eyes falling to her lips. Hermione paused. "Is that your way of asking me out?" she asked. Draco nodded. pulling her towards him and pressing his mouth against hers. Hermione let out a groan, her arms coming up to wrap around his neck. x-x-x Blaise had always assumed that their office banter was a build up of pent up sexual tension. But, they had been dating for well over a year and every day it was still the same. "Oh, for fuck sake Granger! Could you move your shit off my desk!" Draco seethed, moving the books back on to Hermione's work space. "It is your turn to work on the Walker case!" Hermione snapped, moving the book back. "Well I am on my bloody break Granger. You'll have to do it!" he said, placing the book on her desk again. Hermione let out a low growl. "You never work! All you do is take bloody breaks!" she said, her voice becoming shrill. Draco opened his mouth to retort and Blaise let his head thud onto his desk. Maybe it was time to find a new job...