was his duty as her boyfriend to do the same. "Thanks," she muttered, not looking at him. That was how much of the party went, them muttering a few words here and there with little in between. Pansy didn't understand the point of even dating when they could hardly stand each other, but when she'd tried to break it off at the end of last school year, Graham had gone berserk. Pansy had tried to walk away, but he jerked her back by her wrist so hard that he sprained it. Neither of them acted like it ever happened. By the time the camera flashes were starting to fill the room, he had her alone in a corner, chiding her for not answering his letters all summer. "I've been busy," she said, brushing him off. Well, it wasn't a lie. She'd been busy making herself look better for him. Ungrateful bastard. A flash of anger crossed his eyes, the same she'd seen when she tried to break it off, and fear rooted in her stomach. "Don't make a scene," she scolded, trying to act tougher than she felt. Before Graham could answer, Rita bustled over and interrupted, dragging Draco behind her. "Picture time!" she said, Todd catching up with a huff of breath. "Here you go, dearie," she continued, pushing Draco on the other side of Pansy. "Smile!" she said, as Todd lifted his camera. Graham was already smiling, though, as if nothing were wrong, but his hand snaked under her arm. Pansy let out a small yelp, his fingers pinching into the sensitive skin underneath. The camera flashed right as she jerked in pain, though she was able to keep a forced smile on her face. It would probably look more like a grimace. Great. "Wonderful party, Pansy," Rita gushed and Pansy nodded her head, giving a rushed thank you before pushing past her into the crowd. It took her a few minutes to weave her way through the people and one time she caught a glimpse of Graham looking for her with an even angrier look, but she managed to make it upstairs without anyone stopping her. Dim light flooded beneath Peter's door, the smell of cigarettes wafting out into the hall. Knowing her brother had already given up on the party made her not feel so bad for ditching. It quelled the guilty feeling in her chest as she shut and locked her door, rubbing the sore spot under her arm. Not even wanting to see the pile of Graham's letters, Pansy extinguished the light in her room with the wave of her wand and felt her way through the bed, crawling in dress and all. That's how she woke the next morning, her dress wrinkled around her. It took a while to shake the grog of sleep from her head, but as she did, she ran over a mental list of all she had to get done that day, rearranging them into logical order. Right. First, read their article in The Daily Prophet and make sure Skeeter hadn't fucked it up. Then school shopping, then her run. It took another half hour or so before she actually convinced herself to leave the comfort of her bed. Once she was dressed and ready for the day, she made her way to the kitchen, where the newspaper was always left by her father before he went to work. The first thing she saw was the picture of her parents smiling up at her from the front page. Opening the paper, she found the picture of her with Peter, grinning over that ridiculous breakfast spread. The rest were pictures from the party, except the photo at the very bottom. It was her with Draco and Graham. Each time the photo moved, Pansy grimaced in sync with her picture. The average reader may just think Graham's hand was under her arm, like any normal boy may do to his girlfriend. At least the paper didn't make noises and her yelp went unheard. Somehow, she managed to keep smiling in the photograph. To her eyes, it looked quite forced, but she knew no one else would pay that much attention. Under the photo it read "Powerhouse Trio." Pansy's eyes scanned the article, glad to see her family finally cast in a positive light for the first time that summer. There was more focus on their wholesome family than the public affair that nearly tore them apart and lost her dad his job. For every sickle Skeeter had paid Pansy to make up stuff about Potter, she paid back tenfold for this article. The journalist didn't disappoint. Content, with the exception of her picture, Pansy went to find her mother for school shopping. And she did find her - passed out on the couch, still in her dress and heels from the night before. On the ground next to her was a spilled glass, a dark color staining the carpet. Looked like wine. "Mum, wake up, we've got to go school shopping," she said, giving her mother a gentle shake. The woman gave a slight snore. "Mum," she said louder. Mrs. Parkinson stirred, blinking her eyes a few times before rolling away with a grunt. "Mum, we've got to go school shopping." Her mother drew an annoyed breath and her daughter leaned over to see her eyes were closed again. "Pansy, sweetheart, aren't you old enough to go alone? Mummy doesn't feel well this morning. The vault key is on my dresser." Pansy just stared at her mother, who began snoring again a few seconds later. "Unbelievable," she muttered under her breath, making her way back to her parent's room. She snatched up the key and turned to the marble fireplace that dominated the room, grabbing a handful of powder and tossing it into the fire. "Diagon Alley," she said, clear as a bell, an edge of anger in her voice. Then she stepped into the green flames and was spun away.