"It's the dress. It's far too much," she said. Draco took her arm and smiled. "Enough. Let's see the shoes," he said, gesturing at her feet. Hermione laughed and lifted up the skirt of her dress, flashing the red and gold shoes at him. Draco laughed and held out the ticket. "Get ready," he warned her. Hermione nodded and held onto the ticket, grunting when the portkey whirled them both into the reception. Hermione stumbled, letting out a grunt when she stumbled into Draco. "Fucking hell," she muttered. Draco laughed and shook his head. "Watch the foul mouth, love, we're in company now," he teased. Hermione wrapped her hand around his bicep and leaned against him. "Just so you know, you scrub up pretty well," she whispered. Draco smirked and lead her into the main hall, pausing so they could both lift a glass of champagne. He spotted his mother and tugged Hermione's arm lightly. "Come on," he said, making his way over to Narcissa. His mother smiled brightly. "Darling, you made it!" she said, kissing her son on both cheeks before turning to face Hermione. "Miss Granger, you look exquisite! Doesn't she darling?" she asked. Draco nodded. "You do," he insisted. Hermione flushed and smiled at them both. "Thank you," she said. Narcissa glanced behind them and sighed. "Draco, your father seems to have gotten himself involved with a rather heated discussion with your aunt Andromeda. Could you please make sure they don't start another family feud? I'm sure Hermione will keep me company. Wont you?" she asked. Hermione nodded and smiled at Narcissa. Draco turned to face Hermione and sighed. "I will be right back!" he promised, squeezing her hand before striding off to deal with his father. "I'm so glad that you decided to come with Draco. He never usually brings any of the girls he likes to my functions," Narcissa said, with a pout. Hermione choked on her sip of champagne and turned to face Narcissa, her face aghast. "Draco and I are just friends!" she exclaimed. Narcissa laughed and turned to face Hermione. "I know when my son likes someone," Narcissa said, glancing at Hermione out of the corner of her eyes. Hermione glanced over at Draco who was talking animatedly with his father. Draco sensed her eyes on him and smiled at her. Hermione tried to ignore the flip in her stomach when he smiled at her. She shook her head and glanced at Narcissa. "Trust me, we're just friends," she said. Narcissa pursed her lips and tutted. "Hmm. If you say so. I just know Draco doesn't usually drag me to muggle Paris to find a dress for someone who is just a friend," Narcissa said, arching her eyebrows at Hermione. "The dress does look lovely on you though," she said, giving Hermione a cheeky grin. Hermione flushed, turning to face Draco who was walking towards her, looking exasperated. Narcissa clasped her hands together and gestured towards the entrance. "Oh look, It's the Parkinson's. Go mingle," she said, pressing a kiss against Draco's cheek and winking at Hermione. Draco rubbed his hands on his trousers and smiled. "Fancy a dance?" he asked, chewing his lower lip. Hermione nodded, placing her hand in his. Draco grinned, pulling her towards the dancefloor. An hour later - I feel so foolish, I never noticed, You'd act so nervous He spun her round in a circle before tugging her against his chest. Hermione laughed, placing her hand on his chest. "You're going to make me snap my heel!" she said, glancing down at her feet. "So? I'll buy you a new pair. Black? Blue? Just say the word and they're yours," he said. Hermione shoved him, shaking her head. "I get it, you've got money. Some of us have to work for what we have," she said. Draco spun her in another circle and the pair of them dissolved into a fit of giggles when they almost slipped. We laugh just a little too loud "Whoops," Draco murmured, tugging Hermione against his chest to stop her from falling. We stand just a little too close Hermione let out a laugh, meeting his eyes. We stare just a little too long Draco held her gaze, before lowering his gaze. "This dress really is stunning on you," he murmured, sliding his hands onto her waist. Hermione watched as his eyes roamed the lace of her dress. She ran her tongue over her lower lip and furrowed her eyebrows. "Draco?" she asked, he looked up, meeting her eyes. "Why did you invite me tonight?" "Because, I like spending time with you," he said, avoiding her eyes. The music changed slightly, signifying a change in tempo. A slow song. They moved slightly closer and Hermione wrapped her arms around his neck. "Is that all it is?" she whispered. She noticed the bob in his throat and she hid a smile. "Your mother thinks you have a thing for me," she whispered. Draco froze slightly before clearing his throat. "Does she now?" he asked. Hermione nodded, swaying in time with the music. "So do my friends," she added. Draco raised his eyebrows and glanced down at her. "What do you think?" he asked. Hermione took a deep breath and she flipped her hair over her shoulder. "I think that if people are going to keep talking then we should give them something to talk about," she whispered. Draco met her eyes, trying to ignore the smug grin that was threatening to take over his face. He ran his thumbs over her waist and pulled her against him, his mouth covering hers. Hermione let out a gasp, his nervousness had completely left him. Instead he was in complete control as he tugged her against him. Hermione was vaguely aware of a wolf whistle in the background. One that sounded suspiciously like Narcissa Malfoy. To get a look at the Shoes google Red and black rock stud Valentino's The dress is in the image!