me to my feet. With one look towards the small cottage, we both begin our walk back, hands clasped together. The walk there is relaxing, surreal. The sky dives into an abyss of colors. The grey clouds from the morning disperse into a gorgeous array of sun-kisses pigments. My eyes sparkle at the display of nature's artistry. Draco looks at me with a serene expression, his crystalline eyes reflecting all the colors of the wind. I push myself onto my tiptoes and plant a small, affectionate kiss on his left cheek, where a faint scar loomed. He snickers, I raise my brow. "What is it?" I ask. "Nothing…" "Draco." My tone has a clipped finality. "It's just…something I've been thinking about." "And what, pray tell, have you been thinking in that brilliant mind of yours?" "Well, for one, I've just been going over ways how I could tell milady how beautiful she is." He smirked. A blush creeps up my cheeks and I playfully jab his side. "Very charming." "Not only that, but I've also been wondering how to ask you this one question…" "Go on…" He shakes his head, "Mmm, no. You'll have to see for yourself what the question is." "How on earth am I supposed to do that?" He turns to his cloak and opens a pocket, looking at her expectantly. "Well?" "Well, what?" "Reach in, of course." At my hesitance he laughs, "It won't bite, I assure you." I glance from him to the pocket and back at him, reluctantly steering my hand forward. "We don't have all day, Hermione, the sun's setting!" "Okay, okay!" I close my eyes and plunge my hand into the depths of his dirtied cloak. My hand search the pocket until it comes into contact with a small, cube box. I grasp it and pull it out, holding it in my palm. "Draco…what is this?" His eyes merely glint in mischief and he takes it from my hand, opening it, and then exhaling. He then lowers himself onto one knee. He turns the box in his hand, so that it now faces me. I begin to shake, yet it's not from fear as much as it is from anticipation. He takes my hand. "Hermione," he begins, "for the last eight months I have thought of nothing but you. Your smile. Your kisses. Your playful banter. Your intellectual puzzles. Our debates. Your laughter. For the past eight months the only thing that had me going was the thought of coming back to your lovely face. So that I could do this. Because Merlin knows how long I've waited to." Tears cloud my vision once again, yet I effortlessly brush them away with the heels of my palm. "Hermione, will you make me the absolute happiest man on earth and marry me?" Time freezes again. Yet the ocean still rolls, the birds still fly, and the wind carries on. I look at the man who's crouched before me, asking my hand in marriage. A thousand pictures fly to the forefront of my mind: The first time he called me Mudblood. The first time I cried in the girl's lavatory because of him. The first time he ever apologized to me. Quietly, as if he was nervous to do so, while we were running Prefect rounds together one night. The time we called a truce. The time we became friends. The time he was Sectumsempra'd by Harry, and I snuck out to visit him. Our last meeting before he was whisked away by Snape on that fateful night. The time I was captured and taken to Malfoy Manor and he was there, shaken and pale and terrified as he watched his aunt torture me on his dining room floor. The time we gave him a choice for the first time – to come with us or stay and die. The time he grabbed onto my hand as Dobby apparated us out of the Manor. The time he rubbed healing potions onto my arm and neck. The first time he kissed me. Shyly, outside of Grimmauld Place after our first successful mission. The first time he saw me break down, and offered his shoulder to cry on. The first time he made me laugh until I nearly peed myself, while we were all gathered at headquarters discussing battle plans. The first time he told me he loved me. The first time I told him I loved him back. "Oh come on Hermione! Just say yes already! Chimed in a new voice. I was broken from my reverie and turned around, eyes widening. "Harry! Ron!" "Hugs later! You're getting proposed to!" laughed Harry. I snap out of my daze and return to the blond man still crouched before me, awaiting my answer. I stare at the beautiful blue sapphire stone placed in an even more beautiful silver setting and, as tears rolled down my cheeks, I give my answer. "Yes! Yes, Draco, yes!" The raw and utter joy and warmth that brightens his face is worthy of a thousand blue sapphire-encrusted rings. I've never seen anything more pure. And as he slides the ring onto my digit, as it sets itself perfectly on my left ring finger – the finger that is said to lead straight to my heart - I realize that yes, this is where happiness is. That yes, I see my future and I know that he's a part of it. That yes, he is my future. And I want to spend every moment of it with him. Because he's finally home. We're home. Maybe is good. But yes is even better. So yeah. Heheh. Anywhoo, some honorable mentions: 1) The "Hey! Do you enjoy abusing m-" "That was for leaving me." Then I kiss him. "That was for everything else." line was obviously adapted from How to Train Your Dragon (I ship Astrid and Hiccup hardcore lmao) 2) "The colors of the wind" line ~ Pocahontas I DON'T OWN HP, JKR DOES!