was in a green colour, and he looked rather sick. The giant walked back over to the sofa, where Dudley sat, frozen in fear. "Budge up, you great lump!" the giant said. Dudley ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouched behind his father. Harry walked out from behind the chimney. He looked a bit scared, but he didn't act like it. "Excuse me?" said Harry, "Who are you?" The giant laughed. The Dursleys looked terrified, like they thought he would run at them and attack. "Hello Harry, last time I saw you, you were just a baby." said the giant, "My name is Reubeus Hagrid, Keeper of the Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts. You'll know all about Hogwarts of course." Harry looked confused. I was confused too. Why the hell was this man talking about pigs with skin problems, and why on earth would they need someone to keep keys and grounds? I was a bit worried that the man was simply insane or maybe just had too much to drink. "I don't understand." said Harry, "What's Hogwarts? And I still don't really know who you are." "Call me Hagrid, everyone does, and didn't you ever learn where your parents learned it all." said Hagrid. I had no idea what my parents supposedly learned and Harry clearly didn't either. "Learned all what?" asked Harry. Hagrid looked over the Dursleys angrily. "ARE YOU TELLING ME THAT THIS BOY KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT OUR WORLD!" shouted Hagrid furiously. Uncle Vernon whimpered at the look Hagrid sent him. I wished that Hagrid would get to the point instead of dancing around it. "What world?" demanded Harry. He was starting to sound annoyed. Hagrid looked at the Dursleys like he wanted nothing more than to clout them all over the head. "NO!" bellowed Uncle Vernon, "I FORBID YOU FROM TELLING THE BOY ANYTHING!" Hagrid glared at Uncle Vernon and he backed away. Hagrid then turned back to Harry. "You're a wizard Harry." said Hagrid, smiling. "I'm a WHAT ?" Harry looked astounded. I stared from where I stood. My brother was a wizard . I wasn't sure I believed Hagrid. Then I thought back to the boa constrictor at the zoo. Harry told me that he had been looking at the snake, when Dudley came over and pushed him out of the way, and then the glass had vanished and the snake had been free. That it had been like magic. "You're a wizard o' course" said Hagrid. Harry looked doubtful. "I don't think I'm a wizard Hagrid." he said, "I'm just Harry." Hagrid laughed. "Well, just Harry have you ever made things happen when you were scared or angry?" asked Hagrid, though he obviously knew the answer. Harry thought for a moment, then smiled. Hagrid grinned at him. "It's about time you got your letter." said Hagrid. He handed Harry a letter, which was identical to the ones he had been receiving for days. Harry opened it and read aloud. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress I listened to Harry read the letter. I was happy for him, but I was devastated that he wouldn't be around except for the holidays. Hagrid smiled at Harry. "Oh yeah, I got sommat for you Harry," said Hagrid. He pulled out a box tied with a ribbon. Harry opened it and I caught a glimpse of a cake inside. "Thank you!" said Harry as he put the cake on the table in the corner. Hagrid smiled. He brought out a bunch of things from his pockets, a kettle, package of sausages, a hot dog roaster, a couple mugs, and a packet of tea. He turned to the fireplace and snorted in contempt. He pointed a pink flowery umbrella at the fireplace and flames shot out of the end and crackled merrily in the fireplace. Hagrid cooked the sausages and handed them to Harry. Dudley fidgeted a bit. I snickered quietly. Of course the greedy pig couldn't keep his hands off of food. "Don't touch anything he gives you Dudley." said Uncle Vernon. "Your great puddin' of a son don't need fattening anymore." said Hagrid. Harry laughed and I snickered. "Blimey I just realized!" said Hagrid. He took an owl out of his pocket, a real live owl, scribbled a note on a piece of parchment, tied it to the owls leg and thrust it out into the storm. While he was busy, Dudley scooted over to the corner where Harry had put his cake, and opened the box. He was about to take a large bite, when Hagrid turned around and pointed his umbrella at Dudley. There was a flash of light and then I saw that Dudley had a curly pig tail poking out from his pajamas. Aunt Petunia screamed and the Dursleys all screamed and fled the room. Harry laughed and I grinned, but Hagrid seemed to think nothing of it. He took off his coat and tossed it to Harry. "You can kip under that." said Hagrid, "And don't mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o' dormice in one of the pockets." Harry curled up under the coat and fell asleep immediately. I was a bit upset that I had been completely forgotten, but after all, Harry was the one getting the letters, not me. I sighed and curled up where I stood, under the blanket I had swiped from Dudley. It took a long time for sleep to come, because my thoughts kept coming back to what I would do when Harry left.