nodded, acknowledging that he heard what Hermione had said. He headed into the bathroom and took a quick shower. He was feeling better. His stomach still felt a little tender and queasy, but he was a lot better than when he woke up this morning. He stepped out of the shower, dried off, and changed in his clean boxers and pajamas. When he returned to his bedroom, Ron had returned and was sitting on his bed. He was dressed in his pajamas and was reading a Quidditch book. "How are you feeling, mate?" he asked as Harry returned to his bed. "Better," he repeated what he had told Hermione. "Do you feel like eating something?" Hermione asked. Harry decided to try a piece of dry toast as he wasn't feeling very hungry. Dobby appeared in the dorm with a Pop! "What can Dobby do for Harry Potter's Granger?" the elf asked. Hermione asked if he could get a piece of dry toast for Harry. Dobby nodded and then disappeared. He reappeared later with the piece of toast. "Thank you," Hermione said to Dobby and the elf disappeared. Harry ate the piece of toast and drank another cup of the tea Ron had given him. He had made more tea while Harry was asleep and Hermione had warmed it with a warming charm. Once he finished the toast and drank the tea, he laid back against his pillow. He reached for the water bottle and placed it on his stomach. "Is your stomach cramping?" Hermione asked, concerned when she seen Harry had returned the water bottle to his belly. "No, it's just sore. I thought I might help it feel less sore," Harry explained. Hermione nodded, accepting Harry's answer. Harry sighed and lay back down on his bed. The warmth on his belly, and the fact he was lying in a comfortable position, helped him fall asleep. Hermione came over to check on Harry before she went to sleep. She smiled when she seen that Harry was asleep and he seemed to be sleeping peacefully. Carefully as to not wake him, she took off his glasses and removed the water bottle. She tucked the blanket around Harry and pushed back some hair that had fallen in his eyes. Once she was sure he was okay, she walked over to Neville's bed and climbed in. Ron checked on Harry as well before he went to sleep. He moved the sick bucket in case Harry might need and fixed him a glass of water just in case Harry needed it in the night. He returned to his bed and noticed that Hermione had been watching him. "Good night, Ron," she said, reaching over and turning off the lamp. "Good night, Hermione," Ron returned, turning off his lamp. "Good night, Harry," they both whispered at the same time, looking towards their best friend's bed. Everyone slept soundly that night. OoOoOoOoOoOoO Harry was woken the following morning when the sun was shining through the window. He sat up and picked up his glasses, taking stock of himself as he slipped his glasses on. His stomach felt a lot better and he didn't feel sick. He sighed in relief when he realized that he was better. He hoped that he never got the stomach virus again for a long time. He shuffled his way to the bathroom where he relieved himself and then washed his hands and face. When he returned to the dorm, Hermione had entered the room and had stopped when she seen Harry standing in the middle of the dorm. "Good morning, Harry. Are you feeling better?" "Yeah, I'm feeling better." "Good," Hermione said. "I just talked to Professor McGonagall and she said that we're excused from class today. She said that she wanted us to have today off to rest and she's talked with Professor Moody and said that she would get our assignments. I have your homework from Professor Flitwick and then she said she'll give us an extra week to finish the essay she was going to assign today." "Good," Harry sighed, glad that he wasn't going to fall behind. "Where's Ron?" "He went to get us breakfast. I told him to get you something like porridge, is that okay?" "Yeah," Harry said. They headed down to the common room where they decided to eat instead of the dorm. Ron returned with two plates, one obviously his and the other was Hermione's usual breakfast. He motioned for Hermione to take her plate and under it was a bowl of porridge for Harry. Dobby appeared with a tray of pumpkin juice and orange juice. He returned later with a plate of toast for Harry and a bowl of fruit for Hermione. Harry decided since his stomach seemed to be accepting the porridge and toast, to try half of a banana. Ron took the other half and they ate making small talk over the meal. "So what are we going to do since we've been given the day off to rest?"Harry asked, after they had finished breakfast. They had gotten extensions on their assignments and decided to take the day to take a break from school work. "Wizard's Chess, maybe?" Ron suggested. "Or Exploding Snap," Harry added. Hermione left the common room to change clothes and then joined the boys downstairs in the common room. It was when Ron and Hermione decided to play a game of Wizard's Chess and Harry would watch when Harry realized something. "Hey Guys," Harry began. "Um, thanks for taking care of me yesterday." Ron and Hermione shared a look between them and then turned to Harry. "You're welcome Harry," Hermione murmured. "What are friends for?" From that moment on, anytime Harry was sick or generally didn't feel well, he had his best friends, Ron and Hermione to take care of him. He may have never had anyone to take care of him when he was sick before, but now he did. Because what are friends for?