"We also do not wish war or ill feelings of doubt or regret, please come in one at a time and allow us to scan you for any spells that might have been placed on you in the past. Our word and oath to you that none shall be harmed." Augusta spoke through the open door with what seemed a 100 golden domes protecting her. The goblins were floored by the amount of power these few wizards help between them. One by one they stepped into the room and were scanned for any form of compulsion, listening devices, hidden marks, hidden weapons or ANY other harmful items or spells. Luckily none was found and the meeting began post haste. "I find it sometimes easier to begin a meeting by introducing the PEOPLE you will be dealing with, if not on a daily basis, but on a more than regular one." Augusta said as she still had the chair to speak. "Therefore I shall begin. I am Augusta Longbottom , sworn protector to Harry James Potter by his parents on the eve of his birth. "I am Lord Sirius Orion Black , sword GODFATHER to Harry James Potter on the eve of his birth. "I am Remus Lupin , Werewolf friend of the Potters for years and sworn protector to Harry James Potter on the eve of his birth." "I am Andromeda Tonks(nee Black) I was a school friend of both Potter and swore an oath while still in my 6Th year to always be there for Harry IF anything were to go wrong in any way. My oath still stands" "I am Theodore Tonks , husband to Andromeda and friend to James Potter at school. I too hold the same oath as my wife and it still stands." "I am Whispering Tree . I hail from ONE of the clans of Elements, this precious baby before us has been made part of a prophecy which should have meant nothing to you normal people, but fate has her own twist an turns and has decides that this child will now have to face not one but two mad men in his short life as a teenager. I was sent here by the Gods to train Harry James Potter in all things elemental and earth magic. No body will stand in our way with petty regards to "dark magic" and such bullshit. There is only magic and those who prefer to be stupid enough to corrupt it from pure to darkness." "I am STORM MAIDEN . My purpose here is to teach Harry all about his ancestries and the past which holds his and our futures so close together. "I am only known as Bear to my friends and those who received the right to name me so. I am a mountain yeti and master of the creatures there. My task will be to teach Harry the manner of the wild and Her secrets. There was silence for a while as everybody tried to figure out what was making that awful noise, until Andromeda had the bright spark of an idea to actually check up on poor Harry, still wrapped up in one of Hagrid's moleskin blankets. And what a meeting it was! No wonders the little man has been wailing up a storm for a while now... The smell coming from his cocoon was enough to make even the Yeti flap his face closed to escape the smell. "Wow kid!" Sirius barked out while pinching his nose closed with his fingers. "Oh do calm down you silly man. It is only a soiled nappy. Nothing to send an army after!" Andromeda said as she gently lifted Harry from his cocoon and placed him on a nearby table. With a swift wave of her wand, AFTER making sure it was allowed by the goblin chief to use her wand, she banished the soiled nappy and cleaned every area that needed to be cleaned. She the quickly conjured some clean clothes for Harry and covered him in a cooler blanket than the moleskin one Hagrid had him in. "There now, all better. Shall we continue down the line seeing as though young Lord Potter here has just introduced himself?" she smiled with a "mother's" smile before looking to the rest of the crowd. "I am Unspeakable Madison form the department of mysteries in Austria. I have been part of this group since before Voldemort left school. I am the one who is tracking his magical signature to find out what kind of rituals he has done to himself and how many. My loyalty is to that young man there and has been since the day that Cherry induced MINOR seer got lucky and spoke the prophecy which could have included more than 3000 people. But alas, Albus bloody Dumbledore just had to go and make it HIS business to interfere." At that moment everybody in the room had a sobering moment to think of just how many people could have been affected. "Pardon me. My name is Healer Tess. My I please have a look at young Master Potter to see if he needs any further assistance from me?" The kind healer asked and held out her hands to Andromeda. "Oh yes, forgive me. Here you are and thank you." Andromeda said as she passed Harry to Tess. Tess put him on the same table as before and began a goblin chant over his body. Her body language screamed of anger and hurt to the one who did whatever she found on Harry. "How old did you say this child was?" she asked to no one in particular. "15 months and a few days." Sirius answered but remained quiet afterwards. GREAT EXPLICIT SWEARING IN GOBLIN LANGUAGE AND A LOT OF HAND GESTURES. Ragnarok looked furious, Spike looked sick to his stomach, Tess looked murderous and everybody else looked amazed at the creativity of the goblin language in swearing death and punishment to somebody.