stock up recently. He uncorked the bottles and sniffed each in turn. One to get his hair clean, another for shininess and smoothness. Fairly basic stuff, and there wasn't enough to last him more than a week. "You can keep these." Draco's voice was dripping with sarcasm. "You're so kind." As they made their way back to his bedroom, Draco decided he couldn't handle dealing with this situation anymore. Whatever he'd forgotten about would just have to be forgotten. "Let's go." "What do you want us to do with your owl? Leave it with the house-elves?" asked Burke. "He can't come with me?" Caffrey looked at the young Malfoy and couldn't help but start to laugh. Draco's eyes narrowed at the man. Nothing about this situation was the least bit amusing. Couldn't they have sent someone with a little sympathy? Or at least basic empathy? Wasn't that what these bastards wanted to teach him? He asked coldly, "What is so funny?" "I'm just imagining you cleaning out your Owl's cage without magic. It seems like it'd be a bit beneath your dignity to touch excrement." He hadn't really considered that. Burke looked at Draco. "According to the court, you can have your Owl, but can't use him to send messages or order anything by mail. A very small living stipend will be paid to you in Muggle money-not much more than it'd cost to keep you at Azkaban. And you won't be allowed to withdraw gold from Gringotts." Draco seethed. "Apparently they must have said that whilst I was unconscious." Burke held up a roll of parchment. "It's all here, along with all of the other limitations of your probation. Shall I read them to you?" Draco put his hand out to take the parchment. "I can read them myself." His fingers curled around the roll of parchment and he tucked it into his trunk. He'd read it later. Preferably after a large bottle of wine. "So apparently it's not enough to make me live like a Muggle, but I must be an impoverished one as well?" The Auror shrugged. "You could be spending your days in Azkaban. If I were you, I'd be grateful for what you've got." The Malfoy heir seethed. He did not want to be grateful. He wanted to hex these men until they didn't recognize their front ends from their back. Then he wanted to hex that idiot with the gavel. And then...then he'd like a three hour massage, a large bottle of wine, and just possibly a steaming bath. He needed to leave the manor and get rid of these imbeciles now. "I'll get my Owl and then we can be gone." He headed for the door without sparing them a glance. "Aren't you going to carry your trunk out?" asked Caffrey. Draco didn't answer. He went to find his Owl in the small Owlery at the top of the house where until recently his owl Xavier had been living with his mother and father's owls. His father's owl was still there. Presumably the house-elf who hadn't gone with his mother would deal with it. His mother's owl was gone. He put out his wrist and Xavier hopped on, blinking sleepily at him. Draco took a minute to stroke Xavier's feathers and drop a few owl treats in his pocket for the bird. He turned to and found Burke waiting for him. In almost no time, Draco found himself at his new flat with his unwanted company. He detested it. The walls were white and utterly unadorned except for a framed print of a seaside picture that he was sure was supposed to seem cheery and only managed to look cheesy. The kitchen was small and rather confusing to Draco, not that he'd let the men know that. The living room had a beige sofa with a few stains, and there was a slightly battered table and four chairs between the kitchen and living room. There was some sort of metal and glass box across from the sofa. There was no fireplace. What sort of barbaric place didn't have a fireplace? There was a bathroom with rather sad looking pale blue tiled walls, a sink, a toilet, a tub that certainly wasn't large enough for Draco to stretch out in, and a shower head that he was unsure was high enough for him to stand under. The bedroom wasn't much better. White walls, a nightstand, a dresser, a closet, and a rather plain bed. He sat on it experimentally and grimaced. Thank Merlin he'd brought his own bed. The Auror's obligingly shrunk down the bed the flat came with and stored it in the closet at it's reduced size of about a foot. They returned Draco's own bed to it's normal size, leaving him to deal with putting the bedding on it. Draco set Xavier's cage on the dresser. Despite his disgust at the thought of cleaning up after the bird, he figured it was better to have at least one friend in exile with him. There was nothing else to be done. Burke and Caffrey looked around the flat. It was a far cry from the luxury of Malfoy Manor. "Do you have any questions about your probation or about how anything in the flat works?" Draco tried to keep his face neutral. "No. I'll manage fine on my own." Burke shrugged. It was no skin off their backs if he blew himself up trying to light the stove. "Alright then. We're going to set the final wards in place before we go. Anti-apparation wards. The general defensive enchantments should be enough, but this will go the extra distance to make sure you don't have any unwelcome visitors. Here's your keys and this month's money. Someone will be in once a month to check in and give you next month's allowance." With the final setting of the wards, the two men stepped outside the flat and disapparated. Draco was alone and without magic.