sank into the chair and hugged both arms around himself, looking as though he might shatter into a million pieces at any moment. "Sirius," Remus said, pleadingly. He knelt down in front of Sirius, gazing up at him for a change. "Sirius, please. Please don't do this. Don't make us go through this again. We're done. We did this already. I for one do not want to live through it again. It was bad enough the first time. But now we're fine. We're okay. Please." "I'm sorry," Sirius said before Remus could stop him. "It's my fault." Remus looked at him for a long moment. Then he stood up, feeling a rush of annoyance with Sirius, the drama queen. "You know what? You're right. It is your fault. Now get the fuck over it." "What?" Sirius asked, staggered. "You do not get to fall apart, Sirius," Remus said bluntly. "You messed up. I forgave you. Now you need to grow up, get over it, and stop making this all about you. This is my issue. Not yours. Mine. Did it come from something you did? Maybe. Is it your fault? Perhaps. Does that mean you have to fix it? Of course not. This is my shit, Sirius. Mine. So stop. I've forgiven you. I meant it when I said it a year ago. We are past this. Move on." "How can I when I know what it's done to you?" Sirius asked. Remus felt his righteousness slipping out of him as quickly as it had come. Sirius gazed up at him with his grey eyes wide. Sirius, who knew exactly how Remus liked his tea, and always made it perfectly. Sirius, who couldn't be bothered to take notes in any of his classes, except on the day after a full moon, when Remus would need to borrow them. Sirius, who had pushed his magical abilities to their fullest and learned to shift and morph his body so he could be with Remus at his toughest moments. Sirius, who had taken Remus on his first broom ride, and barely laughed at all when Remus got airsick and threw up in Hagrid's pumpkin patch. Sirius, who smiled at Remus in just the right way, at just the right times, and made Remus's cheeks go pink, his heart fluttering in a way that wasn't scary, that wasn't panic, but was something rather closer to love instead. Sirius, who had been so close to being something more than a friend all those months ago when he had sent Snape into the willow and sent them careening off the path that seemed laid out in front of them. Sirius, who had taken it slowly, agonizingly slowly, in the year since then, letting Remus set the pace, never pushing, never asking for more than Remus could give, never demanding or expecting anything. Seeming to relish each moment that Remus held his hand, each time Remus's fingers brushed against his arm, never pushing or asking or begging for anything more. Always putting Remus first. Always. Remus sighed. He sank down into the chair in front of Sirius, twisting around to face his friend. "I'm sorry." "You don't need to apologize," Sirius said at once. "You don't even know what I'm apologizing for, you great twat," Remus said, and he was relieved to see Sirius's hangdog expression lighten somewhat. "I'm sorry for saying you can't help me fix this. I know all you want is to fix this, to fix me. But please, Sirius, I can't deal with this shit again. You are absolved, forgiven, everything. Okay? Please?" Sirius frowned. "I don't want to fix you, Moons. You're not broken. I just want to…I don't know. Do whatever it takes to make you whole again." It was ironic, Remus thought, that people thought of him, Remus, as the smart one, the brainy one, the wordy one. It was Sirius who could bring Remus to his knees with just one turn of phrase, always seeming to know exactly what to say to make Remus blush, or laugh, or squirm. Or fall more helplessly in love with him. "I don't need anything to make me whole," Remus said slowly, "Except you." He looked up at Sirius and shrugged. "What does that mean?" Sirius asked. "It means that I've had a lot of these attacks, or whatever," Remus said. "I know you haven't seen them, really. They're not always this bad. I can usually cut them off at the pass. A few have gotten like this though. Remember last month, when I fainted? I told you lot it was just because of the full moon." "I remember," Sirius said, frowning. "That was one of these things?" "Yes," Remus said. "Normally when they get this bad, I just sort of try to hold on and get to someplace where I can throw up, or pass out, or whatever. I've never walked one back before. Before today, that is. You did that. You, being here, or around, or whatever. You calmed me down. I didn't really think that was possible." Remus saw the small flash of pride in Sirius's eyes and smiled a very small smile. "So what does that mean?" Sirius asked. "It means," Remus said, "That if you still feel like you need to help me, you can. Be here for me. When I start to go off, be around. Help me. Hold my hand, or talk to me, or just stand around smelling like peppermint or strawberries, or whatever you bloody smell like that day. And maybe…maybe together they'll go away." "I can do that," Sirius said. He traced the wood of the desk in front of him with one finger. "I can be here for whatever you need." Remus reached out and caught hold of Sirius's hand with his own. He wove his fingers into Sirius's, feeling the warmth seep into his own cool skin. "Then we're agreed. You're going to be here. Be around. Always?" "Always," Sirius agreed.