Draco whimper slightly. "Neville," Harry groaned, speaking for the first time as he rocked back into Neville. "Please." What exactly he was asking for was unclear, and in any other moment, Neville likely would have paused to ask. But the boys had been clear. He was in charge. He pulled his face back and cast one more spell, reaching in and placing his hand flat on Harry's very well formed arse. He was still thrusting gallantly into Draco's hand, and apparently, Draco had decided to be fine with having lost his attentions. Neville threw one finger forward, then two, but he quickly discovered that prep wasn't overly necessary. "Draco, did you know golden boy Potter has a very receptive ass when you signed him up?" Neville smirked. "Nope. Hope you're planning to make good use of that newly acquired knowledge." Draco grinned back, looking around Harry to catch his partner's eye. "Only if Harry behaves himself and remembers his job," Neville said, running his free hand up Harry's back and pushing gently on his head. Whether it was because Harry wasn't used to talking during sex, or wasn't prepared for Draco and Neville's playful banter, he didn't really have an answer. He looked up at Draco's face, smiled once, and went back to work. Draco's groans had increased by multiple decibels, and it was clear he was enjoying the proceedings. It was good enough for Neville, whose own prick, largely ignored since the first moment he'd tried to deal with it himself, was getting painful. He lined himself up, and gently, not rushing anything, pushed into a very lovely bottom. The sound Harry made, mouth still occupied, was very pretty indeed. Neville withdrew slowly, realigning himself and pushing back in. He was careful not to shift Potter too much. For some reason, he felt like injury may be more likely right now. He placed a steadying hand on the small of Harry's back, a hand that was suddenly joined by Draco's free hand, grasping his in desperation. Had he dedicated even a partial thought to it, he might have questioned the physics of how he was kneeling right now, somehow around Draco's legs without unbalancing Harry, but at that moment, his thrusts shifted again, and Harry let out what could only be considered a muffled scream. Neville grinned, noting the spot that had resulted in Harry's cheeks hollowing in an intake of breath. The hollowing had, of course, resulted in pretty great noises from Draco too, and he aimed for the spot again. Draco came first, surprising no one. He'd been under the most attention for the longest. He thrust violently and without rhythm, but Harry, preoccupied and not paying much attention, swallowed reflexively and slowly let Draco's cock fall from his mouth. It left him free to shift back into Neville harder, and the shift was enough for Draco to take on a more active role in his 'help Harry' mission. The sight of these things likely would have been enough to make a very aroused Neville come, but when Harry rolled his hips back and growled, the tight heat that held him tightening further, Neville locked eyes with Draco, grabbed Harry's hips, and fought to stay cognitive through his own orgasm. Together, Draco and Neville dragged Harry through the paces, until finally, with a crackle of kinetic magic, Harry was gone too. It would have been a little shocking had either of the others been able to process emotions. As it was, they all collapsed in a tangled mess of limbs, soft caresses and gentle kisses administered without heed to who was receiving them, the now extremely messy bed full of sleepy gasps and moans for the next twenty minutes. Draco wanted to hold onto Neville, to ask him if he was okay, to check in, but he couldn't honestly sort out which bits were Neville and which weren't, so he settled for a general announcement. "Okay?" he heard his voice mutter, not really aware of who he was speaking to, or what he was asking. But Neville was behind him, and he pressed himself into Draco's back, panting and kissing and gasping and muttering 'yes'. Draco relaxed and closed his eyes. Post "Well," said Neville, having caught his breath enough to cast a cleaning charm and check that they were all still alive. "I feel like that was a terrible plan." Harry lifted his head to look at him questioningly over Draco's prone form. "I mean, how am I supposed to go back to just sleeping with you after that," Neville explained, looking at Draco, who simply smiled. He was lying between them both, arms folded behind his head in triumphant confidence. He felt delirious, boneless and happy. He felt like he should be smoking and possibly holding a tumbler of scotch. He was Draco Malfoy, God of Gift Giving, King of Good Ideas, and nothing would erase the feeling. Not even his partner's blatant implication that he was boring in bed. He turned and smiled wolfishly at Neville, grinning as he said, "First of all, fuck you. You love my cock too much to ever be bored." Neville rolled his eyes, but grinned as he said to Harry, "So easy." "And second of all," Draco continued over Neville's teasing. "If you think that's the last time this is happening, you are rather mistaken." "That so," Harry tried to tease back, failing because his mouth had gone dry at the prospect of having Draco in his mouth again, at the idea of trying a million other combinations. "Objections, Potter?" Neville said, in a terrific approximation of Draco's sneer. As he spoke, he reached over Draco and took a lazy hold of Harry's nipple. The sound Harry unwillingly made was apparently taken as a no, and both other men laughed. "Happy birthday, by the way," Harry said to Neville, taking his hand and placing it firmly back on Draco's chest. Neville grinned, "Yeah, you too mate. You too."