"I am so glad you are alright. What happened to your leg? Where are Ron and Hermione?" Ginny asks "Good to see you Harry", Neville says "I can feel the magic coming off this place", Luna says "What I have learned about it, it is very special. First Ginny I am really sorry for breaking up with you. I realise you are my soul mate and one of my most loyal friends. Will you be my girlfriend again?" Harry asks "Yes Harry I will so tell us what happened", Ginny says sitting down next to him "First Kreacher did Dad get the message?" Harry asks "He did Master. He said he will give you the time you need", Kreacher says "Tell us what happened Harry to have you go to this place without Ron and Hermione?" Ginny asks Harry tells them all everything. Neville, Luna and Ginny's eyes go stormy. "HOW DARE THEY!" Ginny yells "So they abandoned you with this Horcrux task to finish?" Neville says "Yes. I had some ideas where they could be but they wouldn't listen. This locket is one I haven't destroyed it yet. I am going too", Harry says pulling out the locket and putting it on the table "Do you have a way to destroy it?" Luna asks "This cane is also a sword imbedded with Basilisk and other snake Vernon. It should kill the Horcrux. Should we try?" Harry asks "Go for it Harry", Neville says Harry draws the sword and the locket busts open. Harry doesn't waste a second and slices the locket in half with the sword. The locket screams then goes silent. "Wow that was something", Neville says "At least we know the sword can destroy them", Ginny says, "Well done Harry. Where do you think the other Horcrux's are?" "I think one has to be at Hogwarts, other in Bellatrix's vault and I am pretty sure Nagini is one. My reasons ar…", Harry begins to explain himself "Harry we trust you. They sound like solid ideas and the best", Neville says "Anyway why would Tom hide one at an orphanage he hated that place. He definably won't put one there", Ginny says, "I had him in my head for a year. I know he hated that place" "He called Hogwarts home like I did because of the abuse at the hands of the Dursley's", Harry says "And your Dad said other then himself Voldemort only trusts Bellatrix", Neville says "Can I use magic here Harry without getting detected?" Ginny asks "Yes. The wards make sure nothing can be picked up even the Taboo on Voldemort's name", Harry replies Ginny waves her wand and a chalk board appears. "So we know which Horcrux's are destroyed. The Diary, the Ring and the Locket", Ginny says writing them down "The Locket was Slytherin wasn't it?" Luna asks "Yes", Harry says, "I said to Hermione and Ron the Horcrux's could be connected to the founders but they don't think so. I think they would. He wants to prove he is better than them" "Voldemort would do that. I can't believe Hermione and Ron didn't listen to you", Neville says angrily "It's over now. I can't keep being their friends if they don't let me be my own person and take my ideas into account", Harry says, "Ron said that I was lucky my family was dead. At least I knew where they were. But I o know how he feels my Father is in a position he could be killed in for being a spy and my girlfriend is with the crazy Carrows" "I WILL KILL HIM", Ginny yells "There will be a line", Neville says with Luna nodding "Lets go back to the Horcrux's so you said Voldemort made 6", Luna says "Yes", Harry says "Then if it is connected to the founders we are looking for something of Hufflepuff's or Ravenclaw. He hated Gryffindor. So he wouldn't do that", Ginny says writing this all down "So we need to search Hogwarts and learn more spells for battle", Harry says, "I think we should get some rest and make a list in the morning about who to bring here for safety. Those include Pure-Bloods who don't support Voldemort. We will also find the Muggle-Borns in hiding they would want a chance to help free the Wizarding world and not live in fear. We should also catch the Carrow's by surprise and use Veritaserum on them to see what they know" "That is brilliant", Neville says "Really?" Harry asks "Yes Harry. You are bright. I know you faked your OWLS and could have gotten higher in all your tests. The Dursley's and Hermione and Ron made you do that didn't they?" Ginny asks gently "Yeh they did. I just want to do well at school. Dad, you, Hagrid, Luna, and Neville know the real me because they look past the-boy-who-lived. Ron is also pushing me into being an Auror", Harry says "Say no. What do YOU want to do?" Ginny asks "I would like to be a teacher and get my mastery in some subjects", Harry admits "You will be a great teacher Harry", Neville says "Go for it. It doesn't matter what people think", Luna says "Thanks guys. For being there for me", Harry says "We will always be", Ginny says "You can count on us Harry", Neville says "Count me too", Luna says "Ok lets get some eat and get some sleep. Tomorrow we start", Harry says, "Gin do you think we can share a bed? I need the comfort" "Of course. I am old enough to make those sort of choices. Lets eat", Ginny says as her and Neville help Harry up and Harry leads them to all get some food The three discussed plans over a nice hot dinner. Harry was happy for once people were actually listening to him besides his Dad… Author's Note: What do you think? Please review and i'll update as soon as possible:)