an arrow, arose from their journey. Severus glanced into his quiver. One arrow was all that was left next to the black one, but it was almost translucent. He was running out of time. Hermione froze as she entered the room. "Stop! Stop it! What are you doing?! Leave it alone!" Her wand blasted the hapless two Aurors away from Severus's desk. Harry, the only one who'd had the sense to move when she'd entered, held up his hands. "Hermione. Please . It's been seven weeks. We—you have to assume he's gone." "I can't," she said, stricken. "Harry, I know he's out there. I can't abandon him! He'd do the same for me!" Her best friend tried to embrace her, but she drew away. "Harry, please..." "Hermione, Snape is gone. We haven't even found a body. I'm so sorry." He motioned for the other Aurors to leave. "Kingsley's closing the case today. Cold file." "No," she whispered, staring at his chair. Severus couldn't be gone. Harry sighed softly. "Look—I'll give you today, okay? Take what you need. You're killing yourself over this, Hermione. I'll clear it out after you've gone home. You can't...you can't do this to yourself. I'm sure Snape wouldn't want you to, either. I...I'm sorry we couldn't even find his body to give you closure." Hermione stared dully at Harry and accepted his awkward pat. She watched him leave, warding the door with a flick of her wand before sinking to her knees and sobbing. Her heart was breaking. How could she come to work without him here? Without even the reminder? It was killing her, knowing she'd failed to bring him home. He couldn't even rest peacefully in a grave! She would have nothing, just a marker and an empty plot and an empty desk. Hermione . Severus blinked, touching his face and surprised to find tears. His heart was breaking at her tears. He couldn't even comfort her. Gotten Lily killed. This was his fault. He should have given her closure. Killed Albus. Selfish of him. Fell in love with a former student. Who was neglecting herself, her career, her friendships, because of him. There was one arrow left. The very least he could do was off himself. Leave a corpse for her. "Hermione," he whispered. The bow was gone. The quiver was gone. His wings burned as feathers fell. The arrow was smooth and sturdy in his hands. "Hermione, I'm sorry. I lo-I loved you." Hermione inhaled sharply, her head turning. He knew she couldn't see him, but still he watched her eyes as he plunged the arrow into his heart. Quick, efficient. Only, not. The arrow stung, worse than dying, worse than the Cruciatus. He gave a fleeting thought that at least she would have some measure of closure. Severus crumpled to the floor, feeling the warm stickiness of blood spreading under him. Hermione gasped as the impossible happened. Severus was there—shirtless, dirty, and bleeding from a gaping wound in his chest. She gave a wordless cry as he crumpled, crawling across the tiled floor and cradling his head in her lap. He was solid! Solid and real. Hermione pressed her hands to his wound; the blood flowing weakly through her fingers warm. Severus? Oh, god, Severus! Oh, please, don't die!" His eyes searched hers. Yes, pain or not, this was a better way to die than before. "Hermione..." "No, no, no, don't speak," she babbled. "Just—just hold on. You can't die, alright? You—you owe me tea still. From the last case, remember?" She was drawing her wand, trying to seal his wound. Severus tried to dissuade her, knowing she couldn't see the arrow protruding from it. "Don't," he croaked. "It will be alright." "It won't," she said, switching tactics and summoning potions. He complied, swallowing them all willingly. The pain was immense but he could endure it, prolong it for even a heartbeat more with her. "You're going to live. I'm going to make you live, Severus—don't you shake your head at me—and we'll be better partners for it. We'll do lunch together. See a museum. Go to a bookshop. Something-something normal. You can't leave me." Her tears splashed onto his face and he forced one hand off of the shaft of the arrow to reach up and caress her cheek. He frowned at the smear of blood he left behind. "I don't...want to," he managed. He wanted, needed, everything she'd said. To go out. To spend time with her. To stay with her. Hermione gave a strangled laugh, and he recognized the next spell as the one to alert an emergency medical team. "So don't. Please, you can't leave me." She bowed her head until her forehead touched his. "Severus, you can't. I can't lose you." He shook his head. Everything was going black. He couldn't see her any more. His heart was labouring, slowing. Dying hurt. Leaving her hurt more. "Hermione..." Her breath hitched. "Please, Severus. Stay. I—I need you to stay. Even if you never speak to me again, I need you alive and well. I—" She choked and he felt the press of her lips to his cool skin. "I love you." And just like that, the arrow seemed to compact in on itself before it shattered outwards. He gasped, pain radiating from his heart and suffusing all his limbs. He could see her again, her stricken face, so lovely, stained with tears and blood. The feathers he'd left behind were a brilliant white, and they scattered as the emergency team burst through the doors. He felt both lighter and heavier than before. Relieved of his past, his sins, promised a new future. Hermione clung to his hand, unsure what had caused the light, the explosion. But Severus squeezed her hand, his black eyes fathomless. His grip was growing stronger, more sure. She knew what words his lips were forming, unheard by the healers. He loved her. He was going to stay. And they lived happily ever after.