eyes landed on the boy. "Their son, I believe." Fudge sighed. "Always had his head in the clouds though, I'm afraid." The rehearsal came to a close as the chorus dominated the stage once more and a life sized figure of an elephant was wheeled out of the wings. The ending was anything but perfect—the blonde singer failing to climb onto the elephant in time, and a group of the dancers bursting out into laughter only to be reprimanded by McGonagall— Snape shook his head, sighing in defeat. Monsieur Fudge clapped his hands trying to draw the crowd's attention to himself. "Ladies and gentlemen! May I have your attention please?" His meek voice was drowned out by the chatter of everyone else. "Madame McGonagall—" The loud crack of the staff hitting the ground quieted everyone. "Thank you." Fudge nodded his head toward McGonagall. "As you know, for some weeks there have been rumors of my imminent re-tirement." People began to whisper in the crowd but Fudge continued to speak. "I can now tell you that these were all true and it is my pleasure to introduce to you the two gentlemen who now own the Opéra Populaire, Monsieur Armando Dippet." He motioned to a man with very white hair, a short beard, and wore pince-nez on the tip of his nose. "And Monsieur Albus Dumbledore." Fudge then motioned to a man with a long, cascading grey beard and long grey locks (he also wore the most eccentric clothing: lilac and gold striped suit with a bright pink tie that had small images of planets and star sewn into it). The crowd politely applauded and then returned to their own conversations. A particular blonde haired male glided his way over to the three men, a charming smile plastered on his face. A few dancers and singers group together glanced over at the exchange about to take place, exchanging whispers with each other. "Gentlemen, may I introduce Signor Draco Malfoy, our leading tenor for five season now," Fudge said, puffing his chest proudly. The divo shook hands with the new owners, charming smile still in place. "Of course! My young boy I have seen all of your greatest roles," Dumbledore smiled a twinkle in his eyes. The soprano from before waltzed over to the group also smiling. "And let's not forget Signora Pansy Parkinson." The two new owners bowed and kissed her offered hand. "An honor, Signora." Dippet said voice full of admiration. The small group of dancers and singers, who had been eavesdropping, included the raven haired male and bushy haired girl from before. "Look at how fake he looks," an asian girl laughed, pointing at the blonde. "Really trying to please the new owners." She stood in a b-plus position naturally, eyeing the Draco suspiciously. "Well that's Draco for you, Cho," Harry slung his arm around the asian girl's shoulders. "All of that ambition he has." "Gross Harry!" Cho pushed his arm off causing the boy to laugh. "You're covered in sweat!" "Well, I think we all are," a shy looking boy with shaggy brown hair spoke up. Harry rolled his eyes at the boy's comment. "Yeah, everyone except our singing buddies Neville." He elbowed a handsome boy with neatly combed light brown hair who was taller than him (but everyone was usually taller than Harry) in the ribs. "Oi," Cedric rubbed his stomach, feigning pain. "I don't think I'll ever recover!" He dramatically fell to the floor at the feet of the small huddle they had formed. "Oh don't be such a drama queen Cedric," Hermione playfully scolded, watching as Cedric sat up and remained on the floor. "Singing is actually quite hard," she turned to Harry addressing him. "I know, I know 'Mione," Harry conceded. "Oh look at that, now he's going to sing," Cho said, calling the others attention to the divo standing with the new owners. "Get ready to plug your ears," Cedric muttered, earning a few chuckles from some of his peers. "You should also prepare Harry," a girl with long, wavy, blonde hair and a dreamy look on her face said with an airy voice. Harry's brow furrowed, but before he could ask her a question, someone began to play the piano, quieting everyone in the opera house. Draco snatched the long scarf from one of the props people and got into his starting stance. Clearing his throat, he let out his well trained, operatic voice. It could almost be mistaken for an angel. Almost . He put too much drama into his singing and acting that it didn't come across as something natural. His cockiness and flamboyance also could be observed in his performance. "Oh, he's going all out," Cedric said amused. The next phrase started to play causing Draco to increase the amount of unnecessary drama in his performance. "You could say that again," Harry scoffed. "It's hilarious how—" One of the backgrounds unfurled with a loud boom as it hit the ground. Screams filled the stage. Everyone raced past each other, knocking each other over and shoving each other out of the way. The whole troupe descended into panic and chaos. "It's him," the blonde girl, the only one completely calm and still, said, looking at Harry. Their little circle of friends was being slowly dismantled and swept away by the crowd, but Harry caught her unnerving, grey stare. "Who! Luna!" Harry shouted over the uproar of the crowd as he was pushed farther away from his friend. He saw her lips move but couldn't hear her over the crowd. He didn't need to hear though since he could read her lips. That single word sent chills down Harry's spine. Voldemort. A/N So how was it? I hope you liked it! Sorry if it was a bit boring, this chapter was just building everything and getting the setting down. I will be posting every month or so because I have school. Ugh. Anyway, Thank you so much for reading! :3 3