I said to him. I knew what he was going through, and I would've done the same if I was put in his situation. Gods and I obliviated my parents, so there's no way for an excuse for my behavior earlier." She said. "you were confused, you just had your memories back and all you wanted to confront him." He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her close to him. "honestly, hermione. Even though I don't like Malfoy much, he's a keeper" he laughed. She clutched her stomach as she laughed really hard. And finally said "crushing on my boyfriend?" "sorry, not my type. I like redheads" he said cheekily. She sighed as she gave her friend a hug. "thanks, Harry, I really needed a friend" she whispered. Harry hummed as they stayed wrapped up in each other's company. ()()()()() He listened to the sound of the waves crashing and colliding. He let his hands wander around the smooth touch of sand while he dipped his feet in the cold refreshing water. Merlin, he really shouldn't have left. He knew she would react this way, he was ready for it. Well, kind of. He cursed himself for his stupidity over and over but made no move to get up. He liked the calm soothing sound of the waves, he loved the calmness of the ocean. It was relaxing, especially on full moon nights. The water would reflect the nice sculpture of the moon while moving with the wind. Nights like this were satisfying. Nights like this were blinding. Whether you're madly in love or angry, it pulls you into your darkest soul. It makes you confess your deepest secrets without talking. It's the nice feeling of forgiving and forgetting. Draco was so lost in his own little world that he didn't see or hear the woman sitting beside him. A little touch of her hand made him jerk away. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you I-" "it's okay" he replied hoarsely. "How did you find me?" he asked after several moments of silence. She pointed to her necklace and he shrugged. "I shouldn't have put a locator spell on it" he grumbled. She laughed, and soon he joined her too. "I'm sorry-""Granger-" Both started off at the same time only to stop when they realized that the other person was talking too. Hermione laughed again and said, "we're one piece of art, aren't we?" He nodded as he considered her brown eyes. He finally had the courage to say, "I'm sorry" "I should be-" "No, listen. Your right I was selfish, I am selfish because I love you. I always struggled with my emotions, but you already know that. I'm sorry if I have hurt in any way. Gods, it hurt me so much to wipe your memories. You sat there helpless, and begging me to stay, begging me to reverse the spell. But I was a coward. I am a coward. And I don't deserve-" "Draco Malfoy, you're an arse. Do you know that?" He looked at her blankly. Wondering where he went wrong. Merlin, he messed up, he knew it, it was time to kiss all his plans and future goodbye. "You're an arse because you think of yourself so low. Goodness draco, you obliviated me because you wanted to give me a better life. You loved me. and it hurt you to watch me oblivious to everything around me. I don't know how you handled it. I don't know if I could handle it. I love you so much that the idea of being away from you is the most painful way of torture. I love you." He hugged her tight and close to his heart and mumbled a series of "I love you" over and over. His darkest nightmare was turning to be his salvation somehow. After a moment or so the two lovers let go but stayed nestled in each other's company. Both enjoying the sound of the waves and the slightly cool breeze. Draco was rubbing circles on her hand while she hummed to the sound of his heart. "let's run away," she said. "what?" he asked. "You wanted to go to your ancestral hometown and see the chateau. I want to discover the world." She explained. "okay, fine. We'll do it" he agreed as he laughed. "I'm being serious here! you've always wondered about Paris and where your ancestors lived. And I always wanted to travel the world, see the sights. Maybe even write a book about it. So, what do you say?" she inquired. "Tomorrow?" he asked. "What! No. we have to sort a port key, and the ministry is busy with trails and we need to pack-" "breath Hermione!" he laughed at his girlfriend's antics. "let's have time with family and friends. And then we'll do it. And nobody has to know" he casually said. "Hmm, if they come looking for us-" "Ugh, fine we'll leave them a note. Bloody Gryffin-" "dor" she piped in. "you're cute darling. But it's dork" he said while smirking. She shook and head and started to get up. She walked to the shore and started to play around with the water like a careless child. "C'mon, let's go for a swim," she said while stripping to her underwear. Thank the gods it was a private Malfoy property. Following his girlfriend's lead, he was clad in his boxers and the two lovers got lost in the sea. In fact, they got lost in a sea of love and hope. Life was always Draco's enemy, popping obstacles whenever he's on cloud nine. Bringing him down in the darkest of days. But for that, he was grateful for the little gift the universe sent him. An angel. He looked at his girlfriend and felt for once in his life, that this was peace. This was love. This was home. Both souls were finally at home. ~Fins~ Please review and leave tips on how to improve! ;)