feel underdressed compared to you and your mother." Isabella replied. Daphne chuckled softly to herself. "We'll do dressy, but casual dressy. It'll be something similar to my outfit. Would you like pants or a skirt?" "Either one is fine with me." Daphne sorted through her clothes before she pulled out an outfit. "Here you go. The bathroom is right through that door. I'll find some shoes for you while you change." Isabella nodded her head and took the clothes that Daphne held out. "Oh, feel free to take a shower and use anything in the bathroom. You must be freezing from the rain." "How'd you know…" "Well I would think you wouldn't shower in your clothes." Daphne said with an eyebrow raised. Isabella laughed and Daphne soon joined in. Once the two stopped laughing, Daphne looked at Isabella. "I'll put the shoes on this trunk and I'll meet you back downstairs. Don't worry, it's a straight shot to the room where we'll all be." "Thank you," Daphne nodded her head and knelt on the ground, looking under her bed. Isabella walked into the bathroom and closed the door behind her. She stared in amazement at the bathroom. The sink and tub were white porcelain, a full length mirror on the back of the door, and the tiles were a dark gray color. Okay…I'm officially jealous of this whole house. Isabella finished drying her hair and looked at her reflection. She was wearing a pair of white jeans with a dark green blouse. Her hair was now falling in waves across her shoulders and down her back. She walked into Daphne's room and found green flats on the trunk. She slid her feet into the shoes and tugged at the shirt. She left the room and headed downstairs. As she drew nearer, she heard the voices. "Her family discovered that she was a witch. Although they didn't understand her…they reacted in a way I didn't expect. She's alone now…she has nowhere to go." Dumbledore was saying. "The poor girl…" Daphne's mother said, softly. "Why bring her here, Albus?" "I wanted to ask…" But his voice trailed off and stopped as Isabella walked into the room. "I knew green would look great on you." Daphne commented, breaking the silence that had fallen when she entered. "Erm, thanks…" "Come sit down, Isabella. Would you like some tea?" "Thank you," Daphne's mother snapped her fingers and Isabella screamed as a creature appeared. It was grayish in color and had big, floppy ears and large eyes. The creature jumped, startled itself. "Mistress?" the creature said. "Blimey…it talks." Isabella said, staring in shock. Daphne stifled a laugh. "Isabella, this is our family House Elf, Ivy. Ivy, this is Isabella." "Pleasure to meet you, Miss Isabella." Isabella just nodded her head, mutely. "Could you fetch Isabella a cup of tea?" Ivy nodded her head and with a snap of her fingers, vanished with a cracking noise. "You really know nothing of magic." Daphne said, softly. "Daphne!" her mother scolded. "It's fine, Mrs. Greengrass. She's completely right though. I apologize for my outburst, Ivy just startled me." "Well you're going to be going to Hogwarts, so you might as well get used to strange things." "It would appear so." "Now Albus, please continue." Daphne's mother said, turning her attention back to Dumbledore. "Of course…" "As I was saying, her family has abandoned her. She has no one and nowhere to go. I wanted to ask if you could look after her? Become her legal guardian in the magical world." Isabella stared at Dumbledore in shock. He was asking this woman whom she had just met to take her in as her daughter?! Sure, Isabella liked Mrs. Greenggrass and Daphne, but to just throw this at them unexpectedly. But then again, when they had arrived, Mrs. Greengrass had questioned is this the girl? It's like the two had talked about this possibility beforehand or was there more to the story? Isabella started as Ivy appeared and set a cup of tea in front of Isabella. "Thank you," she muttered. "Of course, I can do that. It would be my pleasure." Mrs. Greengrass replied with a smile. Isabella's head snapped towards Mrs. Greengrass. "You're…what?" she asked. "Isabella, I would love to take you in. I'm so sorry that your parents have abandoned you upon finding out your talent. I know this world is new to you and I would love to help you. You and Daphne seem to get along fine. It will also help me to heal." Isabella wondered what she meant with her last sentence, but knew better than to ask right now. They would tell her when they were ready. "Really?" "Yes," Isabella swallowed hard and took a breath to keep from crying. "Well then, it's settled. Isabella, would you like to go by Black or Greengrass?" Dumbledore asked. If she chose to take Greengrass as her last name she could forget the pain that her family had caused her. If she kept Black as her last name she could keep the only name she had ever known, but be reminded of the pain. "I think I would like to go by Greengrass, if that's okay with you two?" Isabella said, looking at her new family. "That's fine, Isabella." Daphne nodded her head with a small smile. "Very well, I'll inform the school of your decision. Isabella, this is where I leave you. I will see you again. Good luck," Dumbledore said and vanished. "Thank you…I will never be able to thank you enough." Isabella said. "No need to thank us. Welcome to the family, Isabella." From that moment on Isabelle Black became known as Isabella Greengrass. So how was the first chapter of my first shot at writing Harry Potter? Any guesses of what's to come with Isabella? Also if you have any suggestions for a better title or summary, please feel free to let me know! I feel like both could be better. Please R&R