mediwitch turned back to the parchment as the quill finally stopped. Carefully, she read it over, expression seeming to harden as she went. She abruptly turned away, a hand raising briefly to her face before she turned back again. "That salve should be finished, now," Poppy stated briskly, summoning a jar of bruise balm as she moved back around the bed. "I will take care of the bruising, now." "Thank you," the boy practically whispered. He was waiting for the other shoe to drop. It was coming, he was certain. Snape had been studying the parchment since the quill started recording – surely the man would have something to say if the mediwitch didn't. Finally, that obsidian gaze met his. Harry clenched at the bed sheet. "Mr. Potter," Severus began, almost carefully, "according to this parchment, which now holds a comprehensive record of your medical history, you have suffered everything from cuts and bruises to broken bones and even an untreated case of pneumonia when you were-" he paused to locate the entry "-seven. Assuming that we were to accept your story concerning the injuries Madam Pomfrey just healed, do you honestly believe it is plausible that falling down the stairs or running into a door could explain all your other injuries? Bear in mind, we have both seen you on a broom and know you are not a clumsy child." Harry opened his mouth, but no words were forthcoming. What could he possibly say? He couldn't tell the truth. No one ever believed the truth and any time he had tried to tell anyone, it had only gotten worse. It would only ever get worse! If he told, they would contact his relatives and Uncle Vernon would... he would... His vision had gone dark and his hearing was all muzzy. For a moment, he was at a loss for what was happening. Then, he slowly became aware of a hand exerting a reassuring pressure against the back of his neck and someone murmuring into his ear. "That's it. Just breathe. Slowly. In, then out. Very good, Potter." Harry turned his head to stare at the Potions Master. Snape was seated on the edge of the bed beside him. He was the one that was grounding him and speaking reassurances to him. Who was this man and what had he done with the dungeon bat? "Drink this, Harry," Madam Pomfrey told him, handing him a potion Harry was certain must be a calming draught. He chugged it back without much thought, grateful that Snape had withdrawn his hand. She told him he could put his shirt back on and he promptly did so. The potions professor waited until he had finished doing up his buttons before speaking up again. "Mr. Potter, I am going to ask you a single question and I want you to answer honestly. Before I ask, I want you to understand that you will not suffer any harm or backlash for your response, not here and certainly not from your relatives. Do you understand?" Harry gazed warily at the man, studying his face to gauge his sincerity. The man's expression was as inscrutable as ever, but there was something in those dark eyes, which were for the first time benign as they rested upon him, that made him believe he was telling the truth. He gave a shaky nod. "Yes, sir," he murmured. "Good. Now, Harry," Severus watched the boy's eyes widen as he used his given name, "please answer me this: Do your relatives hurt you?" And there it was. His horrible, shameful secret so baldly stated by the man who hated him most. He had only to confirm or deny it. Experience had told him that denial was safer. Denying it happened meant that no one could confront the Dursleys only to be convinced that he was a liar. Yet, he so desperately wanted to believe that this time was different, that this time, not only would he believed, but that someone would actually help him. So Harry did the scariest thing he had ever done. He told the truth. "Yes," Harry answered hoarsely, voice thick with emotion he couldn't swallow back. He was mortified to find that tears had started to spill down his face. "Yes, sir. They hurt me." Severus felt a foreign ache in his heart for this boy he had so despised (unfairly, it would seem). Again, he wondered how he could have been so blind when it seemed so obvious looking at the boy, now. He knew he would never again be able to see Harry Potter as the arrogant mini-James he had always imagined him to be. No, this moment, hurt tears streaming from Lily's green eyes, had changed his perception forever. "Well done, Harry," he told the boy, only just keeping his own emotions in check. "Thank you for being honest. You will never go back to them." "Really?" Harry asked, his voice so young and plaintive that it made the Potions Master's heart twinge yet again. "Really," the man vowed, rising to his feet. He summoned the diagnostic parchment and made a copy, rolling it up and tucking it into his robes to take with him. "In fact, I will see to that, right now. Remain here until Madam Pomfrey releases you." With that, he swept towards the door. It was true he had a class to teach, but it would have to wait just that once. First, he needed to inform the Headmaster about what had been happening to his Golden Boy. So intent was he upon his new mission that he almost missed Harry's softly spoken, "Thank you," as he reached the end of the ward. Severus paused in the doorway, peering back at the privacy curtain. "You're welcome," he replied. 0o0o0 A/N: I apologize for the shifting POVs in the same scene. I know better, I do. But I also felt it important to show both perspectives. Anyhow, lemme know what you think!