are the last living cousins in that line also. Since I have never underwent an inheritance ritual, Harry is able to when he comes of age. This ritual had never been done in the last thousand or so years, and so I am unsure as to what will happen but I do know that it has something to do with the prophecy." Dumbledore continued. He took a sip of his teas thoughtfully before looking into the eyes of one extremely shocked Alastor Moody. "I agree with you and the boy on the idea that he needs further training Alastor, and had decided to provide him with that this year. I had not intended to let this out until Harry came of age, but events lately have led to less than desirable circumstances, and I am afraid Harry will not stand to be kept in the dark any longer. I need your advice old friend. Where do I go from here? Powerful and intelligent I may be, but I never claim to be all knowing." Here, the older man sat back in his chair with a desperate sort of air about him. He gazed at Moody with something akin to hope in his eyes, and Moody knew that the esteemed headmaster really was at the end of his tether. Moody thought for a moment about it. He was extremely shocked, yes, but if you thought through the entire life the boy had been through, it all made sense in a way. No one except someone very powerful could survive all that he had. Although inexperienced now, and still growing in power levels, the boy could be a serious threat with time. They needed to harness that. He spoke, measuring each word before he let it fall from his tongue. "Potter was powerful I knew, but I did not know to this extent. I do not agree with your reasons for withholding this information, but I do understand them. Now, they are misplaced. Your first step needs to be filling Potter in on all that you just told me. The boy isn't dumb. He knows something is special about him, but not what. He could help us, and that leads to my second point. We can help him, but we should no longer control him. He has not been a child in a long time, despite his age. Our main priority now is to help him along his way. Telling him what we know is a good start, and from there perhaps we can find a way to ensure he is safe, properly trained, and happy. That said, the very next thing to do it removing him from where he is. The blood wards are powerful, but not nearly worth the abuse he goes through. I assume you thought they would protect him, but none of us thought about in home abuse as an obstacle. Moving him somewhere he is happy will go a long way toward ensuring his happiness and loyalty to us. We need to support his decisions and ideals, not crush them. It's time to be friends and family, not just protectors." Moody finished speaking, never once breaking eye contact with his old mentor during his impassioned speech. He may not have had much to do with the boy, but his parents and godparents made great aurors, and his mother made an excellent coworker. Moody wanted to get to know Harry Potter a bit better, and he had a few ideas as to how. First though, he would keep his word and try to help him out of the situation he found himself in currently. He paid closer attention as Albus leaned forward in his chair to look at him closer. "Very well, Alastor. I believe your ideals are worth a try and the best we can do given the circumstances. We do it your way. Please, give an old man a night to rest. As soon as you are on guard duty in the morning and see Mr. Potter awake, bring him here to me." Dumbledore said. His posture and the way his expression was set spoke mountains of pressure relieved from his shoulders. Moody surmised that the old man really was upset at having had to hide everything from Harry for so long, and coming clean and getting to know his grandson as a person would help. Alastor Moody nodded, and finished his tea before departing. As he walked out of the school and to the apparition point, his last thought was, "Hold on lad. Give me one more day, and I promise you I'll have you out of there and in a better place. Good thing too. You couldn't deal with those muggles along with all your fun new responsibilities you will be learning!" Author's Notes: I know it is probably like a lot of Founders stories out there, but hopefully the attitude of Moody and Dumbledore caught some off guard. I wanted a manipulative Dumbledore story, but one where he cooperates and manipulates in equal amounts seemed better. I haven't seen many stories like that out there, so hopefully this turns out well. What did you all think of Moody being a main part of the story? Please Read and Review. I enjoy constructive criticism, so long as it helps. It also helps to know what you all enjoy in the story, and what you all want to see in the future. I do cater to such reviews where possible. Feel free to private message me with comments, questions, and advice as well. I will respond to all that I get as soon as I am able. All of that said, I do not enjoy haters. If you dislike the story, that is fine, don't read it. I am by no means claiming to be an amazing author, and mainly write for the fun of it. Thanks to all who do read and review however, that is what makes writing the story worth the effort.