had to stand her ground as he drew close to her, well within her personal space. He smelled of something acrid and poisonous, and she felt the coolness radiating from him as he purposefully intimidated her against the kitchen counter. "I assure you," he hissed, "I am perfectly serious. We will build a new wizarding order this coming year, Miss Granger, and you will be part of it. You will be a symbol of capitulation, of acceptance, of enlightenment ." She shook her head from side to side, leaning as far back against the counter as she could. His hand snaked out and grasped her chin, forcing her to look into his eyes. "You, insufferable know-it-all, will teach those around you the lesson you are learning tonight: that you either accept what is offered –" his eyes glinted menacingly – "or you watch those you love die long, lingering deaths." For such a profound, sudden change, it hadn't taken long at all. Casting one last frightened look at the dark man in the kitchen, Hermione had run upstairs to rouse her parents. She'd still been crying, but had managed to explain the situation – a version of the situation – coherently enough that, after promising her a stern talking-to for her previous lack of forthrightness, the Doctors Granger had changed out of their pyjamas, and had allowed Hermione to pack for them by magic. In a trice, it seemed, she was introducing them to Professor Snape, who cast her a lingering glance when her parents took his unproffered hand eagerly in greeting. She had not told her parents of his betrayal, of the Dark Lord's return, nor just about anything else, and now they believed that they were going to a safe house run by the Order of the Phoenix instead of a prison where they would be held hostage by a Death Eater. Snape shrank their bags, and they all set out into the darkness of the London night. Her parents took the apparition as well as could be expected, although it would have been smoother if, as Hermione had suggested, she had apparated them one at a time herself after knowing where they were going. Snape snorted and told them that the house's protection would disallow anyone but him to control apparition within range. Hermione tried not to look disappointed as she joined hands with Snape on one side and her mother on the other, an awkward semi-circle in the shadows of their suburban street. They arrived in front of a ramshackle house on a narrow road. "Where are we, sir?" Hermione asked as Snape moved forward to unlock the front door. "My house, such as it is," he replied, turning the key. He opened the door with a sarcastic flourish. "Welcome." It was nearly a hovel, and Hermione could feel her parents' trepidation redoubling as they all looked around. Dank and musty, messy and mouldering, it was more ruin than home. Surprise stole through her – she had never pictured him at home before, but this would have been the last thing she'd have imagined. "I apologize for the state of the place," Snape said. Hermione stared at him. He sounded sincere. "I will, of course, bring it up to code within the next few days in order to ensure your comfort in the coming months." He returned her stare and, when her mother and father turned their backs to peer into the tiny kitchen, he gave her a minute shrug, before continuing, "There is a bedroom set aside for you upstairs – in better condition than the ground floor, I assure you. I will have groceries sent in from the outside regularly, and you may write to your daughter whenever you wish should any further needs arise." "Frequently," Hermione bit out, as assertively as she could. "I want to hear from you at least once every three days." She looked away from her professor's glittering eyes. "To ensure that you're both ok." Her parents agreed, and thanked the dark man again, shook his hand, and hugged Hermione for so long that she nearly squirmed. Snape was watching them, and she tried not to cry again as her eyes met his and she was hit hard with the falseness of this façade. Wondering if she'd ever see her parents again, Hermione left them in the mouldy old house, following Snape down the front steps. "Can't I stay with them?" she asked him, fighting to keep her voice steady. He shook his head. She noticed that he looked weary now, and impatient. "You will return home and pack your school trunk like every other year, and then await your summons to the Burrow." "Sir, what if – what about –" she cut herself off, unsure of how to say it, but needing to voice the question that had occurred to her as soon as he'd closed the door on her parents. He glanced at her sharply. "What now, girl?" "I just… you said that I would be Head Girl." She looked from her shoes to his face. It was almost too dark to see him, out here in the street. "But I'm mugglebo– a mud – " " That , Miss Granger, is none of your concern." "But –" He stepped close to her once more, seizing her upper arm. A shaft of moonlight illuminated his gaunt face, his harsh features. Despite his grip, his face was a mask of neutrality. Occlumency , Hermione thought, before he shook her slightly as though he'd sensed her momentary distraction. "I said that it is none of your concern, Granger." He released her abruptly. "Now get out of here. And," menace flashed across his face, "if you tell anyone – any one –" She felt herself nodding vigourously. He nodded to her once in return, and then unceremoniously thrust her wand into her hand along with the Head Girl badge. "I shall see you, Miss Granger, on the first of September."