too excitedly for someone who just read that their children are going to be forced into this marriage. "Not by choice." Ginny huffs running back upstairs with Harry following not far behind her. "I don't know why they're so upset. They're obviously going to be matched together." Mrs Weasley points out. "There's no guarantee that they will. Harry said he's going to send an owl to Kingsley to try and get them out of it but I don't think he's going to show favouritism." Hermione explains. "They'll find a way. They could get married before the Partner Ceremony. Have a lovely muggle ceremony maybe. Have you ever been to a muggle ceremony dear?" Mrs Weasley asks her. Hermione shakes her head sympathetically at her. "Mrs Weasley-" "I've told you to call me Molly. You're part of our family, Hermione." Molly tells her again for what must have been the hundredth time. It just feels strange to call her Molly after calling her Mrs Weasley for so long. It feels like what she'd expect it to feel like if she called Professor McGonagall, Minerva. "Okay. Molly, the Ministry obviously don't want us getting married, that's why they've made it illegal. And after reading the punishments they have set up, I don't think Harry and Ginny want to risk upsetting them." She points out. Molly sighs deeply, her shoulders slumping forward. "Let's hope Harry can convince Kingsley to let them out of it or at the least match them together at this Partner Ceremony." Molly busies herself in the kitchen making breakfast for her entire family which she knows she's more than welcome to join in with but she has an overwhelming need to be alone with her thoughts. She gives a quick goodbye hug to Mrs Weasley, says "bye" to Ron, getting a grunt in reply, then leaves out the kitchen door. She is walking down The Burrows garden when she feels eyes on her. Turning back around, she finds Percy sitting on a tree stump underneath the kitchen window with his legs stretched out in front of him. He gives her a small, sad smile which she returns with a wave before carrying on down the garden path. Once out of The Burrow's protection spell, she disapparates to Diagon Alley. When she arrives in Diagon Alley, she doesn't actually know where to go. She looks around her surroundings for a moment before deciding that she's going to need some money in case she decides to buy something, so she set off in the direction of Gringotts where she took five galleons out of her account. Then she was back to her earlier predicament. Where does she actually want to be? Flourish and Blotts. She needs a new quill ready for the school on Monday. She also wants to buy a book Professor McGonagall suggested before Christmas called 'Lost Spells from the Tenth Century'. She has spent many hours in Flourish and Blotts so she knows she'll find the book upstairs which is where she heads upon entering. She finds the book in no time so she has a browse at the other book. She finds about ten others she wants to buy but she limits herself to the one for now and heads back down to pay for it. She starts reading her new book as she leaves the shop when suddenly she crashed into something hard or rather someone. After regaining her balance, she looks up to find Draco Malfoy straightening his cloak. "Granger!" He says with surprise raised eyebrows which quickly turns into a sneer. "Malfoy." She smiles politely before stepping around him and walking off. She places her new book into her bag with the undetectable extension charm when Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour catches her eye. It is the middle of winter, far too cold for ice cream, but after The Marriage Decree news, she needs something to take her mind off it. It's either an ice cream or firewhisky and she'd rather take George's approach of drowning her sorrows in dairy than alcohol. She buys herself a simple vanilla cone with a chocolate spoon that no matter how many times you lick it, it never gets any smaller until you actually bite it. She stays standing near the counter talking to Hannah Abbott about The Marriage Decree until the bell above the door signalling a new customer rings so she bids her goodbye and heads out the door. That is until she crashes into someone spilling her ice cream all over them. Instinctively she apologises and starts rubbing their shirt with her napkin. The person coughs loudly to interrupt her so she looks up to find none other than Draco Malfoy stood staring shockingly down at her. "Malfoy, are you following me?" She questions with a head quirk. "Of course not. I simply wanted a delicious ice cream." Malfoy glares down his nose at her. "And you can take your hand off me now." Hermione glances down at her hand to find it still resting on his chest where she had been rubbing her ice cream off his shirt. She pulls her hand away as if it were burnt off his chest. "Don't be so dramatic, Malfoy." She rolls her eyes sidestepping around him to leave but he grabs hold of her arm. Hermione freezes in intimidation. "Try not to make this a habit," He says sharply before stepping past her and disapparating away leaving a slightly shocked Hermione behind. Thank you so much for reading. This is basically three different chapters from Forced Together in one to make it a bit longer. All the chapter will be around this length or longer. Please don't expect a quick upload after this one. I plan on uploading at least twice a month so I can write ahead of my upload schedule. When I've finished writing the fanfiction, I'll start posting once a week. Please FOLLOW, FAVOURITE and COMMENT. It will be much appreciated. Thank you! Xx