of this task, Albus spotted a flaw. He had only been given three pebbles, but he had no idea how many marbles might be in the box. He had successfully swapped two of the pebbles, but when he tried to swap the third, he simply found a different pebble on his desk. Switching spells could only swap one object for another, so he couldn't swap his pebble for everything in the box. Another problem was that without seeing the object he was swapping, there was no way to tell if he was going to bring out a pebble or a marble. Albus was on the receiving end of some strange looks as he held his box up to his ear and tilted it carefully. When he was fairly sure he knew where at least one marble was, he directed the spell at that instead. A glass marble replaced the lump of granite on his desk. Now what? Albus weighed whether Diggory would be more annoyed if he put up his hand, or if he walked to the front of the class to get some more pebbles. His brain conjured a third option and he pointed his wand at the teacher's desk, summoning a few from there (narrowly missing a Hufflepuff's hand as they tried to raise it to ask a question). He pulled a quill out of his bag and used it to make small marks on the box where he thought the stones were. Then he picked the pebbles up and labelled each of them. After all of that, it was a simple matter for Albus to swap the stones for what was inside. After he had recovered another two marbles, and every time he tried swapping after that he kept finding stones, Albus guessed that he had found everything he was supposed to. Everybody else seemed to be giving up when they had swapped out all of the pebbles they started with. With ten minutes until the end of the lesson, Professor Diggory called an end to their practice. He called on one Gryffindor and one Hufflepuff to collect all of the boxes for their house into two stacks on the front desk. Diggory then cast Priori Incantatem on each stack of boxes. Three of the boxes glowed with a red light, showing the cracks where the boxes had been split open and then repaired. With a flick of his wand, these went flying back to sit on the desks of their owners. The two shamefaced Hufflepuffs and one Gryffindor had housepoints deducted for attempting to cheat. One of the Gryffindor boxes started rattling, and Diggory frowned at it. "Which of you attempted to summon the marbles out of the box?" He asked, more confused than angry. "You all know that objects cannot be summoned if they are contained within a sealed environment of a greater weight?" Albus stood, "Professor, I summoned more of the stones. There were more marbles than I had enough to swap for." Diggory smiled, "I wondered if any of you would work that out. Very well, Dumbledore, you may sit." Albus nodded, glad that he wasn't in yet more trouble. The professor transfigured the stack of boxes into two tall glass columns, containing the contents of each house's boxes. The professor removed five of the stones from the Hufflepuff column, and three of the Gryffindors'. "For using charms ," He smirked, "You might at least have the decency to cheat with transfiguration." Both houses had managed to collect more of the stones than they had marbles remaining, which seemed to please Diggory at least a little. The Gryffindors however had managed to collect eight more than the Hufflepuffs, so it was the Hufflepuffs who lost the housepoints. The Hufflepuffs were furious with the two members who had cheated. Albus was decidedly happy that he had chosen to actually do the work. The bell rang for the end of the lesson and Diggory released them after they had reset the classroom to its normal appearance. The Professor had already lost interest and was back at his desk, writing again with his gold pen. Kijai appeared beside Albus and the three friends headed to Runes before they could get any later. Elphias laughed as they made their way down the stairs. "You know Albus, I think you might have set some kind of record. I haven't heard of anyone earning 28 detentions in one morning before." "It might only be 24," Albus pointed out, glumly. "But you might be right. Do you think I have time to run upstairs and get changed before charms?" Kijai shook her head, "Not unless there are more of those passageways that you have not told us about. Ten minutes would only get you there, not back." "And you don't want to make it 29," Elphias said. "I don't think that Professor Briggle has ever given anybody a detention, but it would not be good to be the first." "You should leave some records for others to win, Albus." Kijai said, smiling. Albus laughed, "No, I want all of the records!" "Widest variety of detentions, most different Professors for detentions, highest detention in history." Kijai reeled off. "I think I do have the highest one!" Albus interrupted, "Pranton made me reattach the lightening conductor on the Owlery once." "That must have happened before I was transferred." Kijai said. "What on earth did you do to get that?" "It was second year." Elphias grinned, "He tried to sneak in through the infirmary window on his broom and Diggory saw him through the window along with some Slytherin's parents." "I was just checking up on you , since you were so bored." "I know," Elphias said. "It was certainly very entertaining watching you get yelled at by Diggory and Pranton." Albus huffed, pretending to be offended, and strode easily ahead of the other two into the Runes classroom. He missed them grinning at each other behind his back before following him in.