never understand her! She'll be famous, a legend. I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Eugenia Potter day in the future. There will be books written about her, every child in our world will know her name!" "Exactly," said Atlas, taking that chance to use Minerva's words against her. "It would be enough to turn any girl's head. Famous before she can walk and talk! Famous for something she won't even remember! Can't you see how much better off she'll be, growing up away from all that until she's ready to take it?" McGonagall opened her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, "Yes... yes, you're right, of course, as usual. But how is the girl getting here, Dumbledore?" She eyed her cloak suddenly as though she thought Atlas might be hiding Nia underneath it. Atlas grinned. "Hagrid's bringing her." Minerva's eyes widened. "You think it wise to trust Hagrid with something as important as this?" "I would trust Hagrid with my life." "I'm not saying his heart isn't in the right place," said McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend he's not careless. He does tend to... what was that?" A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky, and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. If the motorcycle was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it. He was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild, long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face. In his vast, muscular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets. "Hagrid," said Atlas relieved. "At last. And where did you get that motorcycle?" "Borrowed it, Professor Dumbledore, ma'am," said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke. "Young Sirius Black lent it to me. I've got her, ma'am." "No problems, were there?" asked Atlas, finding suspicious the mention of Sirius Black. Could it be…? "No, ma'am. House was almost destroyed, but I got her out before the Muggles started swarmin' around. She fell asleep as we was flyin' over Bristol." Atlas and Minerva bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby girl, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet-black hair over her forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning. "Is that where-?" whispered McGonagall. "Yes," said Atlas. "She'll have that scar forever." "Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?" "Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground. Well - give her here, Hagrid." Suddenly, Atlas wanted nothing more than getting this over with. She took little Nia in her arms and turned toward the number 4. "Could I... could I say good-bye to her, ma'am?" asked Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over Nia and gave her what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. "Shhh!" hissed McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles!" "S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. "But I c-c-can't stand it... Lily an' James dead... an' poor little Nia off ter live with Muggles-" "Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found," McGonagall whispered as Atlas stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. Atlas laid little Nia gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of her cloak, tucked it inside Nia's blankets, and then came back to the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Minerva blinked furiously, and the twinkling flame of hope in which Atlas held on seemed to have gone out. "Well," she decided, "that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations." "Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall, Professor Dumbledore…" Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night. "I shall see you soon, I expect, Minerva," said Atlas, nodding to her. McGonagall blew her nose in reply. Atlas turned and walked back down the street. On the corner she stopped and took out the Deluminator. She clicked it once, and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed and Atlas could make out the tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. She could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number 4. The last time she had felt like this… No. She couldn't think of them. She wouldn't. Not about those who were gone. Those she had lost. Here was a child representing so many possibilities… Maybe hope had died inside of Atlas to reborn in that one little girl that kept on sleeping, not knowing how special she was, not knowing how famous she was… She had not way of knowing that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and toasting at her name. "Good luck, Nia," Atlas murmured, wishing desperately that this time she was doing the very right thing. That her mistakes wouldn't be repeated. That this time, the innocent wouldn't have to pay. She turned on her heel and with a swish of her cloak, Atlas was gone.