spare, even better, do it in the dark so you won't have to look at them. And after the deed is done put them in some estate with a generous pin money. As long as they can buy their gowns, bonnets, and all those feminine fripperies they will be happy. You can continue as you are doing now. You know how the ton marriages work. Even these women don't expect you to give up your mistresses after marriage. And after a month or so you won't even notice that you are leg shackled with a wife." Before Draco could say something a slight scratching on the door pulled his incoherent attention. He frowned but gave the permission to enter. The door opened to permit his butler, Winston, who walked in with his soundless steps like a ghost. Draco had never heard his footsteps and trust him he had tried when he had been a spoiled bored brat of eight. He had dogged him for the better part of the day trying to find the rationality behind his silent steps and peppered him with questions until… until his father had slapped him across the face and reprimanded him not to get friendly with the help. Winston had been in their family long before he was born. And to Draco, he looked like he hadn't aged at all. There were no lines or wrinkles on his stone-like face probably because he never showed any expression. He had never seen anything other than the polite disinterest on his butler's face. "What is it, Winston?" he asked as soberly as he could. The butler looked at him with a blank face as if the sight of the duke shit arsed drunk was nothing different from the usual. He curtsied him and said in a monotonous voice. "My Lord, a lady … without a chaperon has requested your presence. She didn't give a calling card. I have placed her in the blue room and the tea tray shall arrive soon," Winston intoned, his voice wavering slightly at the part calling her a lady. As if he was doubting the possibility of the woman being a lady. A lady who called upon an unmarried gentleman's house in the night and that too without a chaperon. "Tell her I am busy, Winston. If she wants to call upon, she can come in the morning along with a chaperon. " "I did, My Lord. But the lady insisted. She was a bit distraught," Winston added the last part in an afterthought. Draco frowned, he knew of no lady who would dare upon to call at this time and that too in the Manor. But nonetheless, he nodded slightly in Winston's direction who then backed out of the room inaudibly. All his mistresses knew never to call upon when he was in the manor. He generally cut their contract off before they tended to get clingy. He might be a rake, a cad, a libertine of the worst reputation nevertheless he was a gentleman. So he would meet her and if she was one of his mistresses then a parting gift and the end of the contract will the last thing she will get from him. All of them knew how the game was played. "Your butler is damn frightening. How come he never makes a sound when he walks?" Theo said. "Devil if I know. It's going to be one of those mysteries that the world has no answer to," Draco answered absent-mindedly. His mind was still stuck in conditioned inheritances, whiskey, and unknown unchaperoned ladies calling upon him in the night. "You sly dog. I didn't know you were entertaining women in your house and that too with your mother in residence," Theo said shrewdly. "Sod off, you arse! I don't," Draco bit out. His head was pounding, his poor stomach was revolting, his eyes were gritty as if someone had rubbed sand in the insides of his eyelids and all he wanted to do was let his valet pull his boots off and undo the damn cravat before he fell onto his bed and forgot the whole day like the nightmare it was. But he couldn't do that like the hundreds of other things in his life. He had a will to sort out, a marriage to arrange, and a meeting to attend with a distraught lady of questionable reputation whom his ethereal valet had placed in the blue room where nothing was blue. And for this, he needed a lot more aptitude than his slothful brain could procure. So he pulled the bell-pull twice ordering the maid to bring in a fresh pot of tea, which he would strive to drink without tainting it with spirit. And thus Draco Malfoy closed his eyes and waited for the tea to arrive while Theo hummed a discordant tune in the background which reminded him of the last opera they had attended together. The opera, where later on Theo had sneaked off with the voluptuous singer to spend a drunken night of debauched delights. The same busty singer had warmed his bed a week later. And Lord Draco Malfoy had learned about her expertise that lay in areas far more than singing So coming back to this story. This is going to be Regency Era MUG-AU Dramione with Theo/Daphne as side pairing and Harry too, who pops up here and there much to Draco's distress. I will try to not make it too angsty (there will fluff too. So yay!). The English might not sound of that era at places and that fault lies entirely with me (my first language is not English, sorry). As always constructive criticisms are loved and will be acted upon. AND I AM IN DIRE NEED OF A BETA (for grammar, punctuation, line construction, etc.). So anyone willing please PM me. And last but not the least, review, favorite, follow and let me know if I should continue this story. Or not. Love.