not to be watched by the upward circles but not so minor as to be completely without power." Albus sighed. He couldn't imagine a world where he could screw up so many things, but he also was a realist. Idealists were happier, but realists were more effective. "And this leads to what possibility?" Peter looked at Albus calmly. "You aren't required to do anything if you wish. The people from your universe will move on. The people from Wulfric's universe will move on. Although it isn't what God planned through his intermediary aspects that are worshipped as gods by the magicals and some mundanes, this does not require you to perform. I do not want you to feel forced in to this. If we fail to repair the damage, the resources needed to end the negative effects can be allocated. The heavens will move on." Albus chuckled. "You know enough of me to know that I would fight, even if I would prefer not to. Idealism is wonderful, until innocent people are hurt." Peter chuckled himself. "Yes, I suspected such when I proposed this to my superiors." He looked seriously at Albus. "The third option is as you might have guessed: We will replace your alternate with you. If you do this, your alternate will suffer as he is not headed for as pleasant a reward as yourself. He would be denied the chance to fix his errors – no matter how unlikely he would be to do so. Can you exist with that knowledge?" Albus looked very old, but resolute. "I long ago decided that I must walk with the angels and fight the demons. If my alternate has not reached that conclusion and, even with good intentions, walks with demons then I have no qualms about sending him to his reward." Peter really wished more Albus Dumbledores were like the one he found in his office at the moment. He pulled out a file. Before he handed it to Albus, he had one more statement. "No matter what happens in this universe, you will not suffer – unless you decide to do something completely outside of your character. Mistakes will be made, I am certain. The universe, due to Chaos, might be unredeemable and therefore self terminate. It is far enough along that path that if you hasten it by accident or deliberately it will not change your ultimate reward. "You shall be limited by only your conscience. Your alternate believes he enjoys a free hand to remake the world in the image he idealizes and will not suffer because his intentions are pure. He is mistaken. You, however, will enjoy a truly free hand – you have already earned our trust." Albus nodded. He always operated by his conscience, he needed no further goading. "Succeed or fail, you have already earned your reward. Your efforts can only help because otherwise the dimension shall be lost anyway." Albus shook off his weariness. "Let us move forward. I have a universe to save." Peter handed him the file. "We have stopped time as regards the target. You have as much time as needed to peruse the file. We don't know everything – free will being what it is. When you arrive, you will be aware of Wulfric's decisions and actions – but not his thought processes as these reasons are the source of his misjudgment. Do you have any questions?" Albus replied, "Ask me after I review the file." Peter nodded and pointed Albus to a side room to give him space. Albus was appalled at the history he found described in the file. It gave much of the decisions Wulfric had made, what he knew, what the results as could be seen from Wulfric's point of view. Many of those who were close to him in his previous incarnation were dead or not ever born. Wulfric really, in his opinion, was a lazy, idealistic prick. Tom's followers were mainly unpunished. Some innocent were punished. Some who were innocent were now guilty. Corruption had taken over his beloved country. It would take years to repair the damage. He could not swoop in and change everything. Many considered his alternate somewhat senile and if he pushed too much too fast he would lose his power. Wulfric had retained much power by non-confrontation rather than ethical integrity. He had allowed things that should not be allowed, and done things that should not be done. Albus would have to rebuild the image of "Albus Dumbledore, Leader of the Light." If that didn't work - he could always kill that image and replace it with something more effective. He returned to Peter. "When will I appear?" Peter replied, "24 June 1991, the same day you died in your own universe. We cannot send you back. We can only slip you in. This is one reason that WE can't fix it. God only allows minimal time changes. A wizard time turner only moves back eight hours at the most and those returning cannot change what they know to be true. There is a reason for this. So, you have to deal with your alternate's bad track record as best you can." Albus nodded. "What is, is. Let us proceed." Peter stood and took Albus to a person standing before a great mirror. He turned to Albus. "This mirror is set to the alternate universe. By walking through, you will displace Wulfric. He will move on to his reward. This will alert the downward circles that we are watching and discourage any rogue elements from interfering further as the ones in authority don't take kindly to clandestine operations. I should mention that when you pass there, you will retain the right to move between the two in the afterlife. We would not cut you off from the new connections that you might make nor prevent yourself from enjoying the old. Are you ready?" Albus nodded. He then walked through the mirror to a new life.