life, but all you've ever done is make fun of me, publicly. I can't just forget that and tell you that I want…" He broke off, realising he had still almost said it. "Harry, it is perfectly understandable. I shall await your decision on my offer until you trust me, but to build that trust, you do need to allow me to take guardianship of you for the summer." Harry looked at him with confusion. "You mean I'm not going back?" Snape's eyes widened. "No, you will not! I would not dare allow anyone to let you go back there after this, and Albus will be informed." "No, please. I don't want him to know. I don't want to be a bother. It isn't his fault, and he'll just feel like it is." Snape put a hand on his arm. "Harry, stop. You are not a bother, and he will be informed. You deserve and need someone to watch you, to provide for you. Not lock you up, to starve you, to treat you like a house-elf." Harry looked away. "It wasn't so bad. Sometimes I deserved it ." Snape grabbed his chin and turned his lowered head toward him. "No one deserved what they did to you, Harry." Harry could only nod at the fierce certainty in the Professor's voice. He had known that, had felt that, but he couldn't shirk who he'd always been. A freak, a burden, the unwanted boy who lived in the cupboard. "That was abuse what they did to you. You are a child, an innocent who depended upon them. They had a responsibility to protect you and provide for you, to treat you like a son. They clearly failed." Harry felt the tears prick behind his eyes until they pooled and rolled down his cheeks. He tried to pull his head away to hide his crying, but Snape held his chin and took his other hand to wipe the tears away gently. Harry felt like he was being a baby crying in front of Snape, but the man wouldn't let him hide it. "It is okay to cry, child. Do not be ashamed. You deserve to cry. Let it all out." Harry couldn't take it anymore. The tears rolled down his cheeks, and he tried to take in gulps of air while his chest heaved. His shoulders trembled as he hunched over his own legs. Snape wrapped Harry in his arms and pulled him closer. Harry buried his face in the man's chest and wrapped his hands in the man's robes. He knew he would be utterly mortified when he finally calmed down, but he really needed the comfort right now, and Snape was warm and holding him. He'd never been held before. He found it comforting to smell the potions lab on Snape and the way he rested his chin on his head. "Don't tell anyone. Please." "And why would I tell anyone?" The boy huffed and pulled away. "Fine, use it against me." "Harry, I would not dare tell anyone about this. Beyond that, you have nothing to be ashamed of, Harry. You are a child who has been hurt." Harry scowled and looked away. "Don't act like you wouldn't have before. I know all the insults." Snape winced and shook his head. "Harry, I truly am sorry. I shall not be treating you like that any longer. I am going to protect you, care for you." "I still don't believe you," he muttered "I still plan to prove it to you." Harry snapped his head up to the man's eyes and nodded, slightly shaken from his anger by the determination in Snape's voice. "When can I leave?" "Soon. Your outer bruises will be gone by tomorrow. Everything else is corrected, but you will be sore and weak for the next two days." "I can leave though, right? Please?" Harry pleaded. "Why are you so adamant on this, child?" "I really don't like doctors," he mumbled. His face blushed as he looked down at the sheets again. "Please, I just wanna leave." Harry hated how whiny he was getting, but he knew doctors were bad. He was never supposed to see doctors. "Okay, Harry. I shall see what I can do." He gave a tentative smile to Snape, who gave a tight-lipped smile that gave more reassurance than a full smile ever could. Harry looked down again. "Where will I go?" "I am sure Albus will allow me to take you to my home. If you can agree to that, of course." Harry thought about it. He didn't really hate Snape, and Snape had actually been human to him this entire time. And, the man was his father. Well, most likely, so he didn't even need his permission, but he still asked for it, which was sorta nice. He was being genuine with Harry, and Harry knew that. He had to know when people lied by now, and Snape hadn't once. "Okay. Sure. That's fine." Snape nodded. "Good. we shall see the Headmaster very soon. I sent a message to him right before you woke to inform him of the situation and where you are. I am sure he will come to check on you." Harry smiled at thinking the Headmaster would come to see him. The old man was very nice and seemed a little barmy, but that didn't matter so much. Harry nodded to the man and yawned, trying to cover it with a hand. All the talking and the emotions and the soreness was just wearing him out. He rubbed his tired, irritated eyes. "Maybe you should take a rest until the Headmaster shows." Harry felt the fatigue setting in as his eyes grew heavy. He could only nod as he leaned back into his pillows. He felt the sheets being pulled up carefully before they were tucked around him, making him feel warm and safe. It brought a small smile to his lips before he fell asleep.