and two days younger. Sometimes it's spring. Ask. Fred and George Weasley. Almost always true friends that you can count on in your life. Notable pranksters. At a certain point, they will talk about their noble heroes, the Marauders. The Marauders were a group of pranksters that were active in the 70s. Your father was known as Prongs. When they talk to you about them, tell them you are the song of Prongs. Hopefully you will know Moony and Padfoot by then as well. Introduce them to these two and they will adore you for life. A few suggestions for gifts if these do become your friends: Hermione loves books. Any books. However, the favorite thing she ever got was a orange half kneazle cat with a smushed face and bandy legs. Ugly thing she named Crookshanks. She got him at the beginning of third year. But Crookshanks was at the Magical Menagerie for long time because no one else wanted him. She LOVES that cat. Ron loves quiddich. A team called the Chudley Cannons. They are the loveable losers of quiddich. The quiddich shop will have things he will love. He also loves candy. Recommend an "Anonymous" gift at Christmas in addition to his small gift of a gift certificate to get his own wand. He's using an old family wand because his family is poor but really needs his own. A holster too. Get Ollivander's promise to keep it secret who it's from. Oh, get a holster for yourself. Make it "Anonymous" gift to you at Christmas too and Ron will never suspect it came from you because he will see you got an anonymous gift too. Maybe an inexpensive owl for Christmas his first year - the gift he knows came from you. Neville loves plants. All plants. Herbology books. Or a muggle horticulture book. Also get him an Anonymous gift of a Wand and Holster certificate. One reason he's so poor at magic is because his gran makes him use his father's wand. In my world he went five years having troubles before getting his own wand. It's amazing he turned out to be so powerful. Probably from forcing his magic to work with a wand wholly unsuitable to him. If you can work Ron into telling you about his family, you can become pen pals with Ginny. Send her chocolate for Christmas. Anonymous certificate for wand and holster for when she gets her supplies. It's amazing, thinking about it, how many go to Hogwarts with poorly matched wands. Let me think about that for a moment. Anyway, Luna Lovegood. A muggle book on odd animals of the world, like the duck-billed platypus. An American Indian made Dreamcatcher. Visit a muggle occult store for ideas for Luna. She would love the unusual. Crystals. Candles. She needs a custom wand from Ollivander as she is unique. You won't get by with an anonymous gift with her; just ask her to keep it to herself who gave her the gift. When you start writing to Ginny, write to Luna as well. Just tell her the Lone Traveler said she would make an excellent friend. Most would scoff at such a thing. Luna would not. Gred and Forge. When appropriate, offer to invest 1000 galleons in their dream of opening a joke shop - as long as they do well on their 5th and 7th year tests. Just make sure they don't tell their mother where they got the money. A charitable suggestion: Considering that I arranged for the goblins to accomplish a few things which will result in a decent amount of gold to come to you, find out from Gringotts if you have the resources to establish a Trust funded by you which will cost up to 5000 galleons this year and 500 to 1000 galleons every year hereafter to pay for the first wand for each Hogwarts student. The 5000 galleons this year would pay for Ollivander to check and replace as necessary the wands for every student who currently attends Hogwarts. Starting next year, students would be told that their first wand will be paid for by the Lily and James Potter Memorial Trust. Something to honor your parents for being the true heroes that they actually were. The goblins are excellent at making money so the initial deposit for the trust could be 10,000 galleons with the goblins being given free reign on to make money with it so that the trust will be funded indefinitely. If you want a cause to work on which would be a good use of your fame and influence, work to convince other wealthy families to establish trusts to pay for the necessary school supplies for Hogwarts children. If you spend 500 galleons in seven years for potions supplies, books, equipment, uniforms, and other necessary supplies, that's 70 galleons a year per student on average. For five hundred students (this year it will be 40 in your year but you have to plan on population expansion) that's 35,000 a year. An initial deposit of about 200,000G (if twenty wealthy families contribute 10,000 each) managed by the goblins would allow all students to get new equipment each year. No hand me downs. No poor cauldrons. The families who contributed would get prestige and a common bullying point would be eradicated. Families would only have to pay for items that had to be replaced because of carelessness. Excess profit from the trust could replace worn items at Hogwarts such as the old school brooms or damaged cauldrons. Just a goal you can shoot for it you want to use your celebrity for some social betterment. Anyway, I won't tell you everything. Some things you should learn on your own. This is just me telling you a number of things I wish I had been told. Good luck and may you find true happiness. With Best Regards, Harry Potter, The Lone Traveler Harry decided he would be having a busy month.