yanked Harry against him before slamming his mouth onto the teen's. Their first kiss was bruising, but no less passionate. Severus licked the seam of Harry's lips asking for permission. Harry opened his mouth, but just enough to suck Severus' tongue into it. The older man let out a groan as his hands moved from the teen's hips to his pert rounded arse. He smirked when Harry gasped and took the opening to devour Harry's mouth, tasting every inch as he put the taste into his memory. Harry tangled his fingers into Severus' long soft hair as he kissed the older man back. A pleasurable shiver ran down his spine when his tongue brushed against the sharp fangs. Thoughts of those fangs sinking into his skin caused Harry to harden further and moan into Severus' mouth. He let one hand map out his lover's body. A body that was hard and packed with muscles. The older man's body may look thin and unintimidating, but Harry could feel the strength underneath and the power Severus emitted. Harry had no problem submitting to the man who was currently teasing his pulse point with his fangs. The scent of heighten arousal, the sounds Harry was making and the rush of his blood made the vampire's control fray. He picked Harry up after stripping their clothes off, ripping some of the garments. Grasping the pert arse he carried his mate to the bed and laid him down, covering his body along the way. In the back of his mind he knew it was Harry's first time and he needed to take it slow, but the memories of his mate with his godson mixed with everything he was feeling and scenting now was too much. Severus had just enough control to prepare Harry with his fingers instead of magic. He used a special lube that will prevent Harry from feeling any kind of pain. Harry gripped the metal bars of the headboard, arching his back as Severus' filled him with three fingers. He had expected pain, but all he felt was a slight burn before it was quickly replaced with pleasure. It was weird at first to have someone fingers inside him, at least it was until Severus brushed across something that caused his back to arch as pleasurable shocks erupted through his body. Harry cried out and beg for more, he heard Severus chuckle before three fingers began to thrust inside him hitting that spot every time. Harry's mind fell into a haze, he knew nothing but the feeling of his lover and the pleasurable sensations wracking his body. Severus let out an inhuman growl as he watched Harry lose himself to the pleasure. He was surprised it happened before his cock was even inside the heat his fingers were buried in. He loved and relished the cries of pleasure Harry let out, never had he thought that Harry would be so vocal and responsive in bed. The vampire side took over after feeling Harry's silky walls clamp down on his fingers as the sweet scent of his young lover's release invaded his nose. The vampire pulled his fingers out and flipped the teen over. He kept Harry flat on the bed, blanketing his body while his legs bracketed Harry's own. Severus then slowly slid his slick cock into Harry's heat. Another growl escaped him as Harry's keen of pleasure filled his ears. Once Harry's arse was pressed up against his pelvis, Severus started thrusting with quick shallow snaps. Too soon he lost himself to his own pleasure. Harry couldn't do much but feel the hard thick cock push inside him as Severus' strong body rubbed and rocked against his own. He was also still feeling the high that came from his release. Too soon his sensitive cock harden again and begging began to leave his lips. If he wasn't lost in his pleasure he would be blushing with how wanton he was acting. Feeling his orgasm leave him, Severus pierced Harry's neck with his fangs, tasting his mate's sweet blood and marking him for all to see. Harry felt the bite and reached back with one hand to grip Severus' head to keep it in place as he came a second time. They felt the magic wrap around them, connecting them to one another. A satisfied smile graced Harry's lips as Severus' growl vibrated against his neck. They now belong to each other and nothing will break them apart. (*v*) Harry jerked awake when a heavy hand spanked him twice. He looked up to glare at his mate. "What was that for?" "For kissing Draco and whatever else you two did that I didn't see." Severus smoothly explained. It still made him angry. Harry huffed in annoyance and slapped Severus' chest. "Well if you had just fucked me during my stay at Slytherin Castle none of it wouldn't have happened. He was helping me get your attention. And if you must know in the privacy of the Slytherin rooms Draco, Blaise and Theo were all over each other." "You had my attention, for two years you had it. I suppose it's my fault for pushing you to that choice. Hearing you cry last night opened my eyes. I'm sorry for that, Harry." Harry placed a kiss on the hand print he made. "Forgiven. I love you, Sev." "I love you too, brat. Don't kiss Draco again." Harry smirked. "That will be hard to do. I don't want to go up against Theo and Blaise. Besides you are the only one I want to kiss." Harry proved it by reaching up and placing his lips on Severus'. This time their kiss was slow and sweet. When they breathlessly pulled away, Harry cuddled into Severus' side. The older man held him tight with both arms. Before dozing off again Harry made a mental note to get Draco, Blaise and Theo a gift. He dreamed of ways to get Severus' attention for more pleasurable workouts. ~Fin~