frightened off any Death Eaters. None of them would have wanted to stick around." Arthur smiled. "Thank goodness," Molly said. "We can go back as soon as we find Ron." That spiked my curiosity. "I haven't seen him since early morning… but I'm pretty sure he and Hermione are ok." I was wondering if they ended up getting any actual sleep. "He should be back soon… it's about lunch." This did put a smile on everyone's faces. Fleur noticed that Ginny holding my hand and pointed it out, "Ginny, 'arry, are you together again?" I felt my face warm and it probably was as red as Weasley hair. Ginny said, "Yes, I decided to give him another chance." "And I'm not going to let myself or any dark wizards cock it up this time," I remarked. Ginny put her head on my shoulder and I wrapped my arm around her back and everything felt right. I let out a quiet sigh and kissed the top of her head. The smell of her hair was intoxicating. "Ginny, I love you." Did I just say that out loud? The family froze and was staring at us, so I must have. Ginny took it in stride, "I love you too, Harry," and we kissed again, though just for a moment with everyone there watching. I had to hold back a monster inside me again, but it was a good one this time. True to my prediction, Ron and Hermione showed up soon after that, right around the time that some more sandwiches appeared. "Where were you two?" Molly demanded. In between bites, Ron said, "Ahhh.. sleeping. I need to catch up on several months of sandwiches." Charlie looked at the two of them and said, "Together..?" We were almost treated to a reverse of Ron wolfing down two sandwiches. Hermione blushed, "Just…. sleeping. But we are together… not to that degree." I thought I heard Ron mutter, "Yet," but wasn't sure. I said, "Yeah, it just took Voldemort attacking Hogwarts for it to happen. I better not need to make anything like that happen again, so don't expect a second shot at that, Ron." "Don't worry, mate." He grinned and playfully tussled Hermione's hair. "Speaking of second chances, I suppose I need to get used to you snogging my sister again?" "If you know Ginny, you know it's more her snogging me." She decided to prove my point. Ron was redder than I thought he could get. "But yeah, I think you're all stuck with me." Ginny grinned. "I am holding you to every word you say." "I'll never say something I don't mean to you, dear." And I meant that. How much had I seen from secrets and half truths? My girlfriend seemed satisfied as she bit the top off a strawberry and then fed me the rest. There was still a little fear in her eyes but I could tell she was fighting it. After we were done eating, Professor McGonagall came by. "All, of you, thanks for all that you've done." I was glad to not be singled out and I think she knew it. "If not obvious, term is going to be over; there's too much damage to have students safely wandering the corridors. The protective wards are also all broken. We will send details about end of year tests later on, if we have them." Arthur said, "Minerva, do you need our help fixing things up?" "Arthur, we have had an outpouring of support from across the country and I think we will be ok. I would like you to get your family back home and taken care of." She turned to us four students and said to us, "I'll be in contact with you later. For now, take care of each other, and try to keep safe and out of trouble." Arthur stood up and said, "Alright then. Let's get back home." This included Percy as his flat near the ministry had been broken into and George, who didn't have the strength to go to his and Fred's place above their shop alone quite yet. Bill said, "Dad, we'll be heading back to Shell Cottage. Let us know if you need anything." Fleur hugged Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, with the last one being a bit awkward. Finally, she came to me and squeezed me tightly. She whispered, "Thank youz, 'arry. I was so worried Greyback would finish Bill off our worse… We can all live our lives. All of us." She let go and smiled. With the wards down in the castle he and Fleur simply apparated away. The Weasleys got up and started collecting their things. Ginny looked at me and I said, "She's a lot tougher than people think. Like a little girl I once knew." I gave her a quick kiss and said, "I'll drop by once you're family is settled." Molly said, "Harry, Hermione, aren't you coming?" I said, "Mrs. Weasley, you didn't say…" "Harry, you should know by now that includes you. You too, Hermione, especially with your parents in Australia… Ginny told me what you had to do. If I have to ask again, I'll be very hurt." The Floo network was down with all the issues at the Ministry. Ginny said, "I need to pack my things, if there's anything left from this spring." "I'll have Kreacher get it, love." I offered her my arm. "And I imagine you didn't get around to apparition lessons this term did you?" She shook her head. "You want to side-along with me?" Ginny was already holding onto my hand. "Yes, Harry. Ready to go home?" I was having a hard time concentrating looking at her and thinking of what all she meant in her words. Wouldn't that be great. I thought. I survive the last seven years and then die after splinching myself. I closed my eyes to focus, and said, "Yes, Gin. Home." I thought of the Burrow and we were there.