rides for the kids, craft booths, food booths, and a variety of games with assortment of prizes. This time their faces was a mixture of curiosity, childlike wonder, and impatience. After purchasing ride bracelets they split up. Harry watched Remus drag Lucius towards the craft booths as Draco tugged his arm. From that moment he let the blond lead. The night was for Draco and Harry wanted to make him happy and please him. He wanted to be the one to take care of Draco and love him. Their first ride was the cliff hanger. Both teens ended up riding it more than once. They loved the flying feeling. Flying made them both feel free and peaceful. It felt like the world around them didn't exist and they didn't have to worry about some war or idiot people. In between the rides they played games, sampled the food, looked through the craft booths and did some muggle watching. Harry won Draco two stuffed animals, one was a purple monkey holding a banana and the other was a panda bear. The monkey came from popping balloons with darts, and the panda was a racing game where he had to shoot a target with a water gun. Both times he handed the animals to Draco, the blond kissed his cheek leaving both of them blushing and had Harry smiling like a loon. Before the night was over Harry had a mental list of Draco's favorites. His blonde loved the cotton candy, caramel apples, hot dogs, pretzels, soda, and gum. He was going to make sure Draco had the soda and gum at Hogwarts. Harry would keep an eye out for more carnivals and festivals for the others. Their last ride was the Ferris wheel. They wanted to save that one for last since it was slower than the others. This one was Harry's favorite because Draco was cuddled up against his side. He had one arm wrapped around the blond's shoulders and the other around his waist, hand resting on a hip. Draco's arms were around his body with his head on Harry's shoulder. Harry never wanted to let him go. "Thank you." Draco whispered. Harry looked down into the silver eyes. "For what?" "For asking me out, for picking this carnival. I had fun and got to experience all this with you. And thank you for this right here, the holding me close and making feel safe." Harry smiled softly, raising one hand to caress Draco's jaw with his thumb. "I will always protect you. I learned last year during our Care class with the Hippogriff that I love you. I was so angry when Buckbeak attacked you, but I was more angry that I couldn't take care of you. I was jealous of Pansy for taking my place." "But...I thought..." Draco lost his words giving Harry a confused look. "Thought what, that I protected the damn thing? Oh no, baby, the first chance I got, which was this summer, I killed it. I poisoned it so it would die slowly and painfully. And for the record I cursed Granger after she punched you. I made sure she felt the pain her victims felt. The curse hasn't worn off because she like to hit people." Harry laughed darkly. "For all her smarts she hasn't figured it out yet." "Thank you." Draco said again, this time leaning up to press his lips to Harry's cheek. "And you don't need to be jealous of Pansy. She and Avery are together. Have been since the summer before third year. Since we're honest, I'm jealous of Weaselette." "Don't be. The little slut is nothing to me. Its you I want and I made sure everyone at school knew it." Harry declared. "Yes by asking a question publicly. You know Severus and I were in Dumbledore's office that night. The old goat told me to leave you alone and said that he will not allow some evil poof to turn his 'Golden Boy' into a pillow biter. Those weren't the exact words, but it was the gist of it." "Don't worry about him or his sheep. Do you want to be with me?" Harry asked carefully. "Yes. I love you, Harry." "I love you too." Harry tilted his head and pressed his lips to Draco's. Their kiss was soft and sweet. Just lips brushing together with a small flash of tongue to get a quick taste. They separated to get off the ride, both were a bit breathless. Harry caught sight of a picture box and tugged Draco in that direction. The two did various poses, some were funny, some looking at each other, there was one of Draco laughing because Harry tickled him, one of Draco kissing Harry's cheek and the best one was of them kissing with Harry holding Draco tenderly close. After the photos Harry and Draco met Remus and Lucius at the ticket booth. The teen shared a smile at the love bites the two men sported. They left the carnival and went to another muggle restaurant. This time Remus picked and the wolf chose a Mexican restaurant. Not knowing what to decide they picked a variety of foods and shared with each other. When they left Lucius declared a love for margaritas. Draco and Harry told Lucius and Remus good night and thanked them for going. Harry held Draco close as they walked back to the school. The raven haired teen stopped in the middle of the snow covered courtyard and looked at Draco. There was one more thing he needed to do. "Dray, would you give me the honor of escorting you to the Yule Ball?" "Of course I will, Ry. There is no one else I rather go with." Draco replied with a smile. Harry hugged and kissed Draco. He escorted the blond to the dungeons, ignoring everyone that was watching them. Both had the same thoughts-this was the perfect first date and the start of something wonderful. ~Fin~