The boy would be heralded a hero – famous before he was even able to feed himself or speak in complete sentences. The boy had to go to his closest family left, which was itself a difficult problem as there was no other Potter left. In the last two centuries, the Potter Family had slowly dwindled down to just a small infant. Perhaps Sirius, as the boy's Godfather, would be willing to marry and settle down, as he could not take guardianship of an infant while remaining a bachelor. Or maybe the boy could go to his mother's relatives, and live there hidden from his fame and fortune. The infant stirred and mumbled incoherently, drawing Albus's attention back to him. Decisions as to where the boy would find his home could wait for now, as far as Albus was concerned. What was most important was to check over the boy in every way he could imagine to make absolutely certain that he would have no reason life-long ramifications from his encounter with Tom, and then to contemplate on whether the Prophecy had already come true, or if there truly was another Dark Lord who would rise in a few years. It was two days later that Albus decided to temporarily move Harry to the house of Petunia Dursley nee Evans, having done all he could to verify that the boy would not have any severe ramifications from his interaction with Tom. Sadly, despite his many attempts, he could not remove the jagged scar that marred the boy's forehead, but as he could also not detect any curse or Dark Magic residue in it, he felt that it would not inconvenience the lad in the future. As such, he departed, bright and early on the 2nd of November, for the house of Harry's Aunt, his precious cargo held safely in his arms. And thus, he made the first decision which would eventually lead to either the prosperity, or the downfall of Magical Society. The True Prophecy activated with the mark Voldemort left on he who had the power to vanquish him, and the only one who knew of it did not realize that things were just getting started. Disclaimer and Author's Note: Despite my deepest desires and hopes, I do not own Harry Potter, or really anything to do with Harry Potter, other than these nifty books some woman wrote. J. gave the world a Framework. She plotted out key events and features, and she genuinely encourages her fans to write their own versions and host them as fanfiction, unlike many other stuffy authors. This story serves as not only an outlet for my inner Harry Potter nerdiness, but also as a tribute to the wonderful story she wrote. I'll just be doing my best to take her main concepts, and molding them into something greater. Whereas J.K. focused on developing characters, I'll be giving more focus on developing the world around them into something much more than what there was in Canon. The image we get of Wizarding Society is rather disheartening, and I like to imagine that the potential in having an entire society co-existing and yet hidden from us poor muggles was not wasted, and so... this. What this story is, is basically a collection of what I believe to be core essentials from J.K.'s Harry Potter, used in my version of Harry Potter. At times, the plot will remain exactly as it was with J.K., but I'll be adding my own little twist to it, like the prologue above has things done almost exactly as they were in canon, I just fluffed it out. So there will be points in common, and there will be points that diverge. Also, I'm a computer nerd too, at times, and so I dedicate all naming conventions in this story to the world of Programming. Lastly, an appendix: True Prophecy vs prophecy: I think I got the portrait to explain it well enough, but this is one of those diverging concepts. I'd be happy to answer any queries regarding this in a PM. Portraits: The portraits in canon are taught to behave like their original selves (an article on pottermore mentions this), but are capable of so much that they've been taken to be viewed in fanon as potential spies or teachers or what have you. A portrait is like a recording of a person, you can interact with it, but there's a limit to what it can do or say. A True Portrait is more of an imprint of the person themselves, left behind due to highly complex and non-commercial magic. Dark Lord: Let's give the fear of the name a reason. Any active dark lord is The Dark Lord. When they die or are neutralized, like Grindelwald, the become the Dark Lord Grindelwald. I'm also moving the association of being a Dark Lord to a global level. There can only be one Dark Lord in the world at a time. If anyone else wants the position, they'll have to get rid of the one that's already there. Families: The Sacred 28 are known to us, and then we have established old families as well. I will using these in a manner similar to how VraieEsprit's Meifu series uses Clans (If anyone is familiar with this serries, they'll be nodding their heads. Those who don't know it and are curious, do give it a try!). The main Family will be the family of the Head of the house. This includes the Head, their spouse, their children, grandchildren, etc. This is the First Degree. The Head's siblings and their families are Second Degree. The further one gets from the family of the Head, the lower their degree gets, and the Fourth Degree is the lowest, beyond which one is no longer considered to be part of the Family. It shouldn't get too confusing I hope, and it will be explained in story at a later time, probably chapter 3 or 4.