sun literally rose and set for me on her command and this primping, preening pillow princess in front of me is nothing but a pale imitation. And when she died something inside of me broke and what had lain buried deep in my soul roared as it broke free. The beast that had hidden far below the surface had then escaped to wreak it's bloody vengence and when Voldemort finally fell it was naturally his vanquisher that the sheep of Wizarding Britain turned to. Instead of a Dark Lord they had set up a Queen, not dark but terrible and beautiful as the dawn, tempestuous as the sea and stronger than the foundations of the Earth. All who looked upon me loved me ... and despaired. My light which came from her was gone and all that was left was the darkness. A darkness that I fully embraced. I have hunted and killed many different people for many different reasons. For vengence for my slain lover, for the protection of my people, for justice, most recently for a place to live, but all of those have some justification, however warped in it's conception. The reason that all of these deaths really occured though was the reason that could never be justified. The unpalatable truth is that I killed all of those people because I liked it. I killed them because it was fun. The beast had been unleashed and there is nothing that the beast loved more than blood. My Britain started out as a just and fair society and the sheep were more than happy to bend their knees to me and call me saviour. Mistress. Queen. Of course it was not a good place to live if you were in opposition to me. My responses to the threats of those who, all too often, came seeking my throne were swift and vicious. Blood flowed and the beast fed. It couldn't go on forever. In fact there hadn't been a 'Dark' administration that had lasted for more than a couple of decades since the mighty Atilla's Hunic horde had swept up out of their balkan strongholds a milennium and a half ago. Mine was about average at fourteen years but in the end it was more about keeping hold of my power than helping my people so resistances were bound to rise. Some I put down, usually with brutal efficiency and a great deal of bloodshed to discourage others, but soon enough another would come along and eventually I saw the writing on the wall. I will admit to some pride as I am one of the only Dark rulers in history to simply give up my reign and walk away rather than fight it out to the bitter and inevitable end of my untimely death. So I gathered up some gold along with a few irreplaceable items and my latest in a long line of sex pets and I walked off into the sunset. Not that I actually walked obviously, more like apparated, port-keyed and then jumped on a muggle train to the South of France, but I believe that I am allowed the occasional flowery descriptive phrase in my ramblings. Speaking of flowery brings me back full circle to my current companion who, having finished her floral ministrations, is now seemingly intent on teasing my libido with her bikini clad gyrations to some awful, saccharine muggle tune. She isn't to know that the feelings that she is attempting to stir up are all tied into the beast. The beast who howls for her blood while using her body as it's taught and fleshy playground. Dumb bitch. Not that I can blame her for that. It's why I chose her after all. They all have some similar characteristics in common, my playthings, like their long, light blonde hair, short, slim stature and grey eyes to resemble the physical presence of the girl who, even now, still holds what is left of my shattered heart. They don't have her intelligence of course but then so few people could claim to. Granger could have but even if she had the physical attributes of my love she would never have succumbed to my charms, Certainly not after I did ... what I did to her friends. I briefly consider disposing of the tiresome, blonde creature before deciding that having to go through the effort of finding someone to replace her with is far too much to be bothered with right now. She will have to be kept, at the very least, until I finish my new project and can afford the time to go off looking for someone to take her place. As is all too usual these days my thoughts have wandered off the topic at hand. I am supposed to be giving you the story of my life not some loose, random diatribe on how I choose my sexual partners. I beg your forgiveness for this and for all my other offences. Don't give it yet though you haven't heard anywhere near the worst of it. . So let us make a start. I suppose that for this to be a real confession I should start at the beginning. Or at the beginning of the end at least. At the point where my grandmere died and I was claimed by a new and powerful Magical guardian and shipped off to another country. I should start at the Castle which actually is a school in the north of Scotland and with a girl called Luna. . ( (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) . A shortish little prologue to set us up. We get to the real stuff next. As usual I write for me. Honestly I really don't mind if nobody else reads this at all but reviews are always nice and I'd certainly never turn them away, just don't get caught up in the whole 'they would never do that' trap. This is all going to be pretty AU stuff. . DtR xx.