been a great show. She couldn't wait until she and Shelley Potter met properly next year. Having the magesight could be as much of a curse as it was a blessing. One of the downsides was that most people who met her thought that she was crazy. On the upside though, she did get to see the world in a way that nobody else could, all of the fascinating colours and waves of magic and the strange ethereal, creatures that fed off of it. And they were currently having a field day with all the powerful magic leaking out of Olivander's store along with some fairly thick, purple smoke. The ones that she had somewhat randomly named the 'bilbering humdingers' were having a particularly good time sweeping around with their mouths wide open like whales scooping up plankton. Luna was having such a good time watching her 'friends' that she almost missed he sudden movement inside the shop that indicated the people inside were getting ready to leave. It was time to go. She sighed sadly as she packed away her chair and headed off to meet her dad in the Leaky Cauldron, thinking that next year seemed a really long way away. But still she had tomorrow to look forward to when she would see the other one. Luna brightened a little at this thought and began to bunny hop her way to the pub. . After a brief stop at Fortescue's Parlour for some reviving and rather odd, but very tasty, ice-cream the Deputy Headmistress took Shelley and Petunia to their last stop. Eeylop's Owl Emporium. This was Minerva's own personal contribution to the 'girl-who-lived' and her introduction to the wizarding world. She was buying the strange little girl a post owl. Once inside the shop the older woman was so taken aback by the heat and the ... natural aroma of the inhabitants that she had to step back thus clearing the line of sight for a very special female. The snowy owl that ruled the roost of this emporium swivelled her head to examine the source of the powerful magic that had just walked into her lair. At the sight of the small, brightly coloured witch she nearly fell off her perch. Unexpected. And ... fascinating . The large, white owl fluttered down from it's place in the rafters, scattering the others from it's path and landed with extreme grace and care on Shelley's left shoulder. Here it continued it's inspection of her at a much more immediate range for a while before declaring herself satisfied with a soft, but firm, preeking sound. "Oh my what luck. Yes, yes, a match made in Avalon if ever I saw one." The smarmy sales clerk seemed almost rabid in his eager attempts to peruade Shelley that this particular owl was the one she should choose. Although it was somewhat of a moot point really, since the owl had clearly chosen her . Shelley didn't believe in fate or karma but she did understand that when a clearly magical creature accepted you like this it would be extremely stupid to ignore it. She turned her head to meet the curious amber eys of her new pet. The girl and the owl stared at each other for a good, long while. Slowly the two of them began to smile (if an owl could be said to be smiling) and they rested their foreheads together. It was a bond, not so much one of owner and pet, but more of equal partners in a shared, coming adventure. As the odd trio left the store the staff breathed a sigh of relief. Finally someone had bought that grumpy nuisance of a snowy owl and they were now looking forward to having a much easier time of it, looking after their remaining feathery stock. . On reaching her bedroom that evening and having had the professor perform the enchantment to re-enlarge all of her many purchases, Shelley smiled at the adults as she gave her firm promise to go straight to bed. A firm promise that she had no intention of keeping. How could she? I mean, just look at all of this cool new stuff that she had to learn. First things first of course though, she would have to find a way around that silly rule about not doing magic outside of school. It was simply unacceptable that she should have access to all of this fantastic theory without having the means to test her skill with it as well as all the gaping holes that she would would naturally find in them. Shelley Potter reached for the advanced charms book and set her extraordinarily beautiful mind to work on achieving her goal of nullifying this stupid 'trace' with all of her customary purpose and enthusiasm. It took her four hours. In magic, as in everything else that she attempted, Shelley proved to be incredibly gifted. And, usefully enough, incredibly powerful. Unknown to her, the insanely large magical core that she possessed unlocked it's multiple bindings, melded with her huge intellect and opened a door that a certain old wizard had believed to be forever sealed. . ( (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) . A very big thank-you here to I LIKE FEAR 1-2 who very generously allowed Tenzo and I to use the reversible wand-staff idea from his very wonderful story 'Broken Angel'. If you haven't read it yet you really should. It's brutal in places but utterly brilliant and I highly recommend it. Thanks for letting us borrow your cool toy man, we'll try not to break it. Well, not too badly anyway. Reviews are our cookies and you wouldn't want us starve now would you. Seriously though the feedback would be very helpful on this one guys so do let us know how we're doing with it, and I promise that I will try and answer all of your questions. Of which I am sure there will be many. . DtR xx.