nonsense you mean everything I have with Scorpius. That's not going to happen dad," Lily walked to the stairs. "I'm leaving. I'll just ask Albus to pick up the rest of my things. I don't think I can handle you guys right now." Lily walked off. "Harry…" Ginny whispered. He knew what she was about to say. "Scorpius Malfoy isn't a phase." October 2029 " No." " No?" " I don't even know why you're here." " Sir, I want to marry your daughter, and I thought I should ask for your permission first. It really doesn't matter I guess because I'm going to ask her either way. I know Lily would very much appreciate it if we had your approval. She misses you and your wife a lot." " My answer is still no." " And her answer will be yes." May 2031 " Where are you going dressed like that?" Harry asked when Ginny came down wearing a lovely blue dress. She stopped directly in front of him. " I have decided to attend our daughter's wedding. You should come too." " Why did you change your mind? You were just saying how you didn't want this to take place last week." " Lily is our daughter, our only daughter I might add. She's only going to get married once in her life." Harry turned back to the newspaper he had been reading. " Scorpius sent an owl an hour ago too. Lily is freaking out and no one can calm her down. He mentioned how Albus, James, their wives and children, George and Angie, her cousins and their families, a few of her Ravenclaw friends, the Longbottoms, and the Scamanders are the only people Lily invited to the wedding, and most of the most people were already invited because Scorpius and his family know them," Ginny added. "Are you coming?" " No. Lily is becoming a Malfoy. That will only hurt her future," Harry said. " I think you are only talking about yourself," Ginny snapped. She snatched her purse. "Don't expect me home tonight." July 2033 Harry sat in the Ministry cafeteria enjoying his lunch. The chair across from him pulled out. "Mrs. Malfoy," he greeted. " Are you serious, dad? I'm just Mrs. Malfoy to you now?" " What can I do for you, Mrs. Malfoy?" Lily handed him a bag. "I came to tell you happy birthday and give you a gift. I would appreciate it if you opened it now." Harry opened the bag. In it were two picture frames. One was of Lily and Scorpius on their wedding day. The other was a black and white photo that Harry knew too well. "I know this isn't going to be your first grandkid, like it is for my in-laws, but I still thought…" " Thank you for the gift and the news, Lily. I will tell your mother," he said. A small smile spread across Lily's face. "Thank you dad. I hope to see you soon because I miss you. I love you." She didn't hear him say, "I love and miss you too, Lil," as she walked away. Scorpius came around the corner with a grin plastered on his face. "I have a son!" Malfoy was the first to hug his son. "Atta boy. What did I tell you?" "Malfoys always have sons first. It's free game afterwards," Scorpius chuckled. Scorpius hugged his mother. "I'm a father." Hermione chuckled. "You are. I'm so proud of you my baby." She wiped her tears off her cheeks and hugged her husband. "Our baby has a baby." Draco nodded and kissed the top of his wife's head. Ginny hugged Scorpius. Harry stuck out his hand. Scorpius stared at before smiling and taking it. "Congratulations. Now, can we meet our grandson? Gin and I have done this four times already but your parents never have." Scorpius took them back to Lily's room. She smiled at the incoming adults but grinned when she saw her father. Harry instantly hugged his little girl. "Where is he?" Ginny asked. "And what's his name?" Hermione added. "He's getting cleaned up," Lily answered. "As for the name, we decided to keep tradition." Draco groaned. "I owe Lyra and Carina five galleons each now. I said you wouldn't name the baby after a star or constellation, but they disagreed." "Maybe they had some insight," Scorpius joked. Draco glared at his son. "I'm kidding dad. Lily decided that a year ago, ever since we started trying. She wants our children to continue the Black tradition. It would be her fault if they knew." "A name. You have yet to tell us his name," Harry said. Scorpius glanced at his parents. "Leo. His name is Leo." The three Malfoys hugged. "Scorp had a little brother named Leo who was a stillborn," Lily whispered to her parents, even though they already knew. "He actually named his brother before he was born. He named his sisters too. It was all Scorp wanted, saying he didn't care that we named our kids after stars so long as he someday had a son named Leo." They hadn't known that. A nurse came in with the baby. Hermione held him first followed by Draco and then Ginny. His wife handed Harry his grandson. Little Leo was small and had curly blond hair, like his father's, poking out from underneath his hat. His eyes were open and brown, like his mother's. He had to admit that Leo was a very adorable child. Harry smiled. He looked up to see Scorpius and Lily hugging and watching Harry closely as if waiting for him to get angry. It was in that moment that Harry saw young Draco and Hermione from the Three Broomsticks sitting in front of him. Scorpius was just like his father, and that was a very good thing. "Better late than never?" He asked both sets of Malfoys. Hermione and Draco nodded. His daughter and son-in-law smiled. "Always." END.