hand to his chest and a small smile made it's way to his thin lips as he bowed slightly to me. Perhaps in appreciation of a closet Slytherin and a fellow sadist. I may not trust the blood supremacist ego-maniac to leave me alone but I did trust him in his desire to bring pain and death to those who stood in his way and we parted, if not friends, then at least, not specifically enemies. . As I had predicted it took Granger less than a week to work out that she was going to be much better off if she swallowed her pride and came to apologize to me. She had researched how to do so thoroughly, obviously, but my cousins were still quite taken aback at the formal and old fashioned, pureblood, way in which she did it. "My Lady Black, I have come to pay a debt of reparation to you and the House of Black for my part in your wrongful incarceration." Oh Goody, a debt of reparation. I had really been hoping that was the way she was going to go. Not letting my mild excitement show at my plan coming together so well I simply stared at her, stony faced. "Go on." "I accept that what I did was wrong on many levels and the only thing that I have to offer in my defense is that I trusted Dumbl ... the wrong man." She had seen my hand twitch at her near naming of my worst enemy and immediately corrected herself. "I believed the Headmaster to be infallible and followed his direction without thought of the consequences for others ... or myself. In recognition of my offense I am prepared to make amends without the expectation of forgiveness or leniency." "Good, you will receive neither." "I understand, and I offer my unconditional service to you and your House until it is deemed that restitution has been made and that my debt has been paid in full." She was offering herself to me, thinking that I still wanted her. Arrogant little cunt. "Hmm alright then Miss Granger. The House of Black accepts your service by blood and by magic, so mote it be." "So mote it be." And now I had her at my mercy. Unfortunately for her I didn't have any. "Bella I believe I promised you a present for helping me with my tete a tete with your other master did I not." "My Lady is most gracious to remember." She may be as mad as a box of frogs but Bellatrix knew better than to inject such an important, formal moment with her own brand of raving lunacy. I decided to reward her restraint. Actually, I had decided on this course of action almost from the second that I had taken up the Headship but the insane Death Eater was making it a lot easier for me justify it with her good behaviour. "There's a good girl. Now then, how would you like a nice, little, bushy haired toy to play with?" The look on Granger's face when she finally realised what I had just done and what her fate was going to be was simply precious. And priceless. Bellatrix's restraint, however, was all used up by this point and she cackled out her mad laughter as she plucked the conjured collar and lead that now dangled from my fingers (courtesy of Luna) and skipped over to get acquainted with her new slave ... um ... servant . . We stood on the balcony of our suite on the 'Princess Isabella', hand in hand, and watched in silence as 'Lady Liberty' grew larger and her features began to sharpen into focus. Now that we were away from that graceless, ungrateful pit of hypocrisy and misogenysm that is Wizarding Britain we were feeling much, much more at ease. And free. Free to be just Jasmine and Luna. Or Jesamine Noire and Lucretia Bonamore, as we now were. Our escape had been meticulously planned and even assisted somewhat by our friends at Gringotts, who had provided passports, paperwork, visas and enough gold to ensure that we never had to work again if that was what we wanted. The gold would be kept at the bank's North American branch in Salem naturally, but we would have full access to it since it was in the name of Noire. Better than this, however, was the fact that the goblins had actually managed to make the two of us 'disappear' in a spell-crafting accident. As far as the magical World was concerned, we were dead. Sure we would have to be careful and visiting Britain was right out (not that either of us wanted to go back there ) but yes, basically we were free to live our lives as we pleased. And we pleased to do this together. Well, together with Dobby and Winky who we just couldn't seem to shake off, but still ... we were together. For the rest of our lives. The Daily Prophet lay forgotten on the table where we had breakfasted, it's banner proclaiming a new Minister of Magic and a new age for the Wizarding people of Britain. Dumbledore was dead, murdered by the spy Snape and thrown from Hogwarts Astronomy tower. A month later, Snape himself was murdered and Tom had stormed the Ministry of Magic and Hell was sure to follow for those that I had once called my friends. And I can honestly say that I couldn't have cared less. Let the bastards burn. . ( (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) . As usual I write for me but reviews are always nice and I'd certainly never turn them away. The 'Princess Isabella' came from a fic that I have been enjoying very much called 'From Southampton to New York and Beyond' by Dorothea Greengrass. Once again a big thank-you to FateRogue for writing the marvellous 'Blackest of Souls' that was the inspiration for this tale. . DtR xx.