but we're not going to be using it for that." Neville squinted at the contents of the bowl and tried to remember any other possible uses of the big, mottled, yellow stone. Luckily his best friend helped him out by voicing the same concern. "What are we using it for then?" Harry asked with a confused look on his face. Rose pinched the bridge of her nose and sighed in annoyance. This was dangerousy close to being out of control now and the adults might come looking for them soon. Even uncle Padfoot's stories couldn't go on all night. She decided that she was going to have to play dirty after all and resorted to the two well worn techniques that were guaranteed to get the boys to do what she wanted. She rose, stamped her little foot and turned on the waterworks. "D ... d ... don't you ...w ... want your present? I ... I w ... worked so hard on it ... a ... and ... and ... now you d ... don't ... e ... even ... want it." Harry leapt to his feet and pulled his (supposedly) distraught sister to him. "I'm sorry little Petal. Please don't cry. We didn't mean to upset you, of course we want our present. Don't we Nev?" Neville looked solemn and nodded his head vigorously. Rose smirked into her brother's robes and thanked Merlin that Harry and Nev were a pair of too trusting simpletons. Sometimes life was easy and sometimes you had to help it along a bit. She was very good at that. Once they were all seated back in front of the bowl she started again. "Now, put both hands on the crystal and close your eyes." "But what sort of spell is it?" Neville was asking questions again. Damn him. "It's going to make you look different. Um ... I mean better. Temporarily anyway" She recovered quickly. "What like a glamour?" "Yes like a bloody glamour. Now put your hands on crystal and close your sodding eyes." The boys swiftly complied. They had learned long ago that it wasn't wise to upset Rosie too much and they could tell that she was getting ratty. Besides they were curious about their present now. The auburn haired task master smirked at them briefly and began her spell. It built slowly drawing on the magic from inside the little witch alone at first before spreading out to utilise the residue from other magical devices scattered about her room. At the closed door to the bedroom the spell's tendrils were supposed to stop. Unfortunately for the two young men grasping the crystal Rose had made a tiny miscalculation in her arithmancy. Instead of raising the perimeter to the power of two, she had raised it by the power of twenty. This was not good. This mistake in her spellwork was about to achieve something that had never been done before in the whole history of magic and the consequences would change her family forever. The spell continued to grow drawing power from the whole cottage and all of the witches and wizards and magical items inside. It then pushed on through the gardens until, finally, it reached the ward line. The very impressive, very expensive and very powerful wards that the Potters had set up to prevent an attack from any remaining Voldemort supporters. The ancient spell drained them in seconds before rebounding back into Rose and hitting the magnification crystal. The cottage went black and there was, what sounded like, a loud crash of thunder. Everyone inside dropped to the floor unconscious. The youngsters woke first and looked at each other in wonder and excitement. "I did it! I did it! Woo Hoo!" Rose was strutting around the room with her fists in the air. "Holy shit Harry you're a girl. Wait why's my voice so high?" Neville ran into the bathroom and found a large mirror. He took one look at himself, vomited on the floor and fainted dead away. Harry followed what he assumed from their clothing had to be his best friend with a growing sense of dread in heart and the sound of his sister's hysterical, delighted laughter ringing in his ears. He barely even noticed the prone form of his best friend as he stepped, gingerly in front of the full length mirror and stared at the indescribable vision that now faced him. Staring back from the glass was the most stunningly beautiful girl he had ever seen, though her lovely face was marred slightly both by the lightning shaped scar on her forehead and the open mouthed expression of total shock. His own emerald green eyes gazed back out at him from a delicate, heart shaped and very familiar face half hidden beneath voluminous, coal black curls. "Holy shit." Harry exclaimed softly before passing out in a heap on the floor next to Neville. Rose looked in from the doorway and huffed. She had been looking forward to spending some quality time wtih her new sisters tonight and was not at all pleased that they had spoiled that by selfishly going and fainting. "Pussies." There were thumping footsteps on the stairs and her bedroom door was nearly ripped off it's hinges by an extremely worried and extremely furious red headed witch, who was now staring in disbelief at the two very unconscious and very obviously female bodies on her daughter's bathroom floor. "Rose Lily Potter. What have you done!" Turning to face her mother Rose put on her most innocent face and pointed to her own chest. "Who me?" ((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) I'll be interested to see how you guys respond to this one. This is my first response to a challenge and I hope that I'm up to the ... well challenge. As usual I write for me but reviews are always nice. They give me warm fuzzy feelings and make my dull, horrible job just that little bit more bearable. DtR xx.