exit did not go un-noticed by a certain blonde Gryffindor who saw an opportunity to get her own back on the twin monsters who had seemingly made it their mission in life to spend all year teasing and annoying her. As the two girls were frog marched from the hall by the dumpy and scowling professor Sprout, still having their whispered argument, she called out to them as the group passed their table. "Cat got your tongues." Fay Dunbar smirked evilly at them. "Or should that be Veela got your tongues." Even their traitorous little brother laughed at that particularly unsubtle double entendre by his girlfriend which was apparently the signal for that entire section of the Gryffindor table to crack up. Unfortunately the general laughter also drew the attention of three or four of the teachers at the top table who were now staring in frank disbelief at Raven and Ruby. . The Potions and Defence Against the Dark Arts professors, having witnessed the very unfamiliar humiliation of their favourite students and honourary nieces were now in deep and ... careful discussion. A discussion that directly involved these same nieces and their well deserved reputation for perversion that, while making them immensely proud, they would never share with the third marauder. Daddy Potter was more than a little protective of his darling daughters and had been known to give to give out some rather nasty 'instructional practical lessons' to those who bad-mouthed them. This careful attitude resulted in a great deal of whispering. "I bet you a galleon they end up shagging the two blonde French mopsies by the end of theyear." "A galleon? Let's make this interesting shall we?" "Terms of the bet?" "Assistance of and obstacles to the principals is permitted. Any combination of the four is acceptable but they must be dating by December first and have had full coitus by the thirty first." "Agreed. Forfeit?" "Loser has to go on three dates with Sybill Trelawny." "Don't fuck about Remus. What's the real forfeit?" "Well if you're not confident enough in your wager Sirius ... " "Oh I'm confident Moony but still ... Trelawny ... ugh ... and why three dates?" As Remus smiled evily it dawned on him. "Oh that's ... you're sick. " The werewolf nodded hapilly at his old friend and grinned, showing far too many teeth for it to be pleasant. "Fine if that's how you want it. Agreed." "Marauder's honour?" "Marauder's honour." "Lily can never find out that we did this." "Well duh." They were both fully aware that their fellow marauder's wife would become ... upset if the details of their latest little wager were to become public knowledge. She would actually kill them if she knew. Sirius Black and Remus Lupin both had enough balls and brains to know that and wanted to keep them firmly where they were thank-you very much so careful was definitely the order of the day. At the other end of the high table Lily Potter reeled in the extendable ear that she had confiscated from the Weasley twins last month with a frown marring her lovely face. The Hogwarts Charms mistress had put up with a lot of shit from her husband and his idiot friends over the years but betting on her daughters' sex lives was a step too far. James might not know or want to know the details or the extent of his children's love lives, especially not his precious and precocious little princesses who would obvioulsy be virgins until they married in their late forties, but she did. Lily Potter had the kind of scary intelligence that made Miss Hermione Granger look like a middle school drop out and she knew everything that went on in this school. Everything . Her network of spies and remote listening charms meant that she was aware of every tiny detail that happened in her offspring's lives, from Hary's first fumblings with his new (and first) girlfriend to her twin daughters repellant game of sexual conquest. She knew it all. The Game. That's what Ruby and Raven called it. When she had first heard of it's existance, mere minutes after they had thought it up, it had horrified her no matter how much she loved them. That they were lesbians didn't bother her, or anyone else for that matter, in the slightest. That they were rather promiscuous made her wince a bit, but it was their choice and she would get over it. That they made a game out of who could fuck the most (and most inappropriate) witches in the school left her cold and honestly a little bit sick. Now though it seemed that the crazed but careful sex beasts that were her daughters had set their sights on a couple of the visiting French Veela girls. Despite their skill in seduction and their penchant for trouble Lily thought that Ruby and Raven had probably bitten off decidedly more than they could chew on this occasion. Not that that was a bad thing. It might even prove to be the best thing that they had ever done. Veela were an ancient race who very regularly took female partners and knew all sorts of fun little rituals to promote pregnancies in their same sex couples. This did not put Lily off at all. Oh no, quite the opposite. If the Delacour sisters managed to somehow tame her wild and promiscuous daughters and get them to the altar, or at least dating properly and responsibly, then there was the promise of the one thing that she was looking forward to more than any other. Grand children. Lots and lots of grand children. Oh happy day. . ( (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((())))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) . As usual I write for me but reviews are always nice and I'd certainly never turn them away, just don't get caught up in the whole 'they would never do that' trap. This is all going to be pretty AU stuff. . DtR xx.