part of you that you don't want to know about. I never thought about you as a person in the hall or when you challenge me to keep up appearances; instead, I see you as influence that could help make me someone…" Unseen by Draco, Harry looked back, interested about the influence part while the blonde continued, "That being said, I never once thought of you for money, influence or power." "Then what?" Moving around so that he was looking Harry in the eyes, Draco gave him a friendly smile as he told him, "I saw you for your legacy, Harry Potter; as the last scion of one of the oldest, most-powerful families in the world of magic. The one, true heir of a line of powerfully-gifted wizards and mighty sorcerers that would act as a beacon for the future: it was this that I saw in you, Harry, and I hoped I could share that future with you; I didn't mean to come across as a git…but I guess I was just seeing through blinded eyes, huh?" Harry gave a soft laugh as he looked to Draco before he asked, "I guess you're going to tell people what I've just told you?" "I gave my word of honour saying I would not do that," argued Draco, lowering his hand so that he was holding Harry's as he explained, "I can't change the past between us, and I'm also sorry for what happened with the duel, even if you gave me the idea to tell the Squib in the first place…" Harry smiled slyly as Draco sighed before he added, "But if you're willing to let me, Harry, I'd like a chance to officially offer my help to you now." "Despite this, you mean?" asked Harry, using his free hand to point to the Gryffindor Crest on his robe. "Yep," answered Draco, moving his hand away from Harry's as he told him, "The choice is yours, as it's always been." While Harry raised an eyebrow, Draco then laughed as he added, "However, if I might offer one word of advice." "Sure," nodded Harry. "If you're unhappy with the likes of…Weasley and Granger seeing you for your so-called titles, then tell them," instructed Draco, looking around as he added with a laugh, "Not here, obviously, but tell them…or take that as this moment you told me about and then toss them onto the scrap heap where they belong." Harry gave a weak laugh of his own before Draco added, "The choice is yours, Harry; whatever you decide, whenever you're ready, I'll be here." "Thanks Draco," said Harry, taking his friend's hand in a firm handshake as he added, "Come on, the trail's getting thicker, so I think we must be getting close…" The Age of Thanatos Present Day After talking with Draco, Harry began to understand that the moment in question was coming and, as he turned on his heel and downed the potion that would grant him safe passage through the flames, he smiled to himself as he realised that, in his own way, he'd done more than find his one true best friend that night. He'd also found someone that understood the darkness in Harry and wanted to help it become power that would be under the control of just one person in the world of magic. Harry James Potter. As he walked through the flames, feeling the cold brush past him, Harry smiled as he mused, "I guess this is the moment; ah well, it was fun while it lasted, wasn't it?" As he entered the final chamber, descending a small flight of stairs in the process, Harry's eyes narrowed as he caught sight of a familiar reflected surface ahead of him, another equally-familiar figure standing in front of the Mirror of Erised, his own eyes filled with mirth and amusement as he saw Harry approaching. However, instead of awe, surprise or disbelief, Harry smiled before, leaning against the wall at the bottom of the stairs, he looked into the reflection of the face of his professor before, taking a deep breath, he addressed him, "Good evening, Professor; nice night for a stroll, isn't it?" Ahead of him, Professor Quirrell turned to face Harry, a look of almost-apathetic amusement on his face as he asked, "Mr Potter? You don't seem surprised to see me: I was under the impression that you and your little groupies had suspected Professor Snape of being responsible." "Sometimes the obvious answer isn't the right one, no matter what Occam's Razor might say," drawled Harry, narrowing his eyes as he stared into the Mirror's surface before he asked, "So the Mirror was moved here and, now that Dumbledore's gone, you're here to claim the Stone, right?" "Correct," said Quirrell, his eyes never leaving Harry's as he asked, "Are you here to stop me, Harry?" "That depends," said Harry calmly, blinking a few times while he smiled again as he added, "Who am I stopping here?" "I…don't understand," argued Quirrell, earning a snigger from Harry as he straightened up before he pointed a finger at the professor, his green eyes shining as he asked the question; "Am I here to stop you, Professor Quirrell…or am I here to stop Lord Voldemort?" So, the first chapter is done and we see that Harry's definitely more than he appears to be, but what will our favourite Dark Lord have to say about the fact that Harry knows what's going on? Also, what does Harry mean he let Ron be a friend at first? Does this mean he has yet to see the boy as a real friend and, if so, how will he accomplish this feat? And what about the Stone? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: After ten years, Harry and Voldemort reunite and the Dark Lord offers Harry a very interesting deal: one that just might help Harry free himself from the lies and false beliefs once and for all; Please Read and Review…