turned towards the zoo's café. To his shock, however, Death took Harry's arm and, a split second later, they weren't in the zoo: instead, they were sitting in a small shack that looked as though it was made from bamboo and vines, the world around them having changed into a large, dense forest rather than a packed and panic-stricken zoo population. Looking around, Harry's eyes narrowed as he asked, "Where are we?" "One of a few places in the world you can get a decent hot chocolate," replied Death, taking a seat at one of the tables before Harry watched as a waiter came over to them, which caused Death to address the man, "Two hot chocolate Supremes, one with extra marshmallows: cream, Harry?" Nodding dumbly, Harry was then surprised to hear a strong American accent from the waiter as he said, "Coming right up, pal." As the waiter left, Harry looked back to Death before he asked, "Are we in America?" "Not quite," said Death, sniggering as he told Harry, "Actually, we're just off the edge of Lake Windermere in the town of Lakeside: a favourite spot of mine when the atmosphere's decent enough." While Harry was amazed at the response, he watched as the waiter returned with their drinks: the Supreme Hot Chocolates looked more like liquid versions of ice cream sundaes; the large glass was filled with hot chocolate that was covered with layers of thick whipped cream, marshmallows and a flake, the heat of the chocolate mixing with the cream, creating a swirling mixture that looked appetising and a little weird at the same time. In Death's case, his was topped with a small hill of marshmallows while Harry's had the basics. As Death picked at the topping, he looked over to Harry as he said, "Go on; trust me, it's quite nice once you get used to the eccentric looks." Taking a spoonful of his own supreme, Harry was surprised to notice that Death was right: the last time he remembered having such richness to his drink was when he'd had Butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks in his sixth year, but this? This was something else entirely and, to think, it was made by Muggles. Suddenly, Harry looked over at Death before, lowering his voice, he asked, "This is a magical café, isn't it?" "How else do you think they get such well-placed designs?" asked Death amusingly, picking at his toppings while he explained, "Don't worry about them recognising you, Harry: trust me when I say this is one of a few places where the customer's left to their own devices unless there's something specific that is needed to be brought to their attention: that and, as you noted, there's also the fact that the owner's family comes from America, so they don't much care about who your community thinks you are." Scoffing in amusement, Harry took another spoonful from his mixture before he asked, "So what's going on, Death? Not that I'm ungrateful since you gave me what I asked for and you seem to have given me new powers, but you said there'd be a price, so what is it, exactly?" "It," answered Death, swirling the creamy mixture into the chocolate beneath while he explained, "Has already been paid, Harry: when I gave you my ring and my relics, I told you to put the ring on, do you remember?" Nodding in response, Harry listened while Death went on, "Doing this has given you something that only one other mortal has held in their lifetime and that was the one who left this life with me as a friend: Ignotus Peverell, your ancestor, Harry." Harry blinked in surprise, but he kept his peace while Death continued with his explanations, "By putting on my ring, you have become…well, the most-suitable term would be a receptacle… a vessel for my powers and the supernatural conditioning and strength I possess as a deity from outside life and death, beyond time and space and far outside the realms of Good and Evil." Here, Death lowered his spoon before, lifting his glass, he paused in drinking for a moment as he said, "In a manner of speaking, Harry, you've become my son!" Harry's eyes widened in disbelief, his heart racing while his mind felt numb with shock as he heard the revelation. Death, however, just took a drink, his neutral expression and calm demeanour making it look like he had just given a description of the weather. Once he'd finished his drink, downing it rather quickly in the process, he licked his lips, cleaning his mouth with a napkin before he looked back to Harry as he asked, "Would you mind if I order another one, Harry?" So, a funny and interesting first chapter: Harry's become Death's…son? In return for the promise Harry made, Death has made him his child and receptacle of his powers: wow, but what will this mean for our hero's future? Especially since, instead of being a hero, he's now intent on becoming a Dark Lord who is more than Tom? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: Harry considers what Death told him while he takes care of the Dursleys, but when his revenge hits a bump, Harry shows that he is definitely not playing the hero game anymore… Please Read and Review AN: Death So, I know it's strange to think of such things, but when writing Death in this story, the first person that I had in mind was not the normal portrayal I use for Death in my stories, but, instead, I thought of Julian Richings, who played Death in Supernatural: weird? Maybe, but that's the fun of Fan Fiction. Also, another weird thought here, but the end scene with Harry and Death in the café was actually inspired by the comedy movie Dogma, which had the legendary Alan Rickman in a similar scene: don't ask me why, but I felt it was something to add light to the dark;