you don't have to cry, Harry; Mum used to say that the things we lose always have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect them to." While Harry tried to wipe his eyes free of the tears, he sniffed as he told her, "I'm sorry…it's just…I don't understand: how can people do something like this because…because you're not like them? I mean, don't the Prefects or Professor Flitwick do anything about it?" "I guess not," said Luna, her hand now cupping his cheek as she added, "But it's sweet that you care, Harry: it's why I like being around you. I don't know why, but the Nargles seem to keep their distance when they know we've been together." Here, Harry's eyes suddenly hardened as he told her, "I wish I could see these Nargles, Luna: I'd curse them into next week for targeting you." "That's sweet," Luna told him, her smile doing its job of making him feel better when she added, "But that'd only cause you trouble, Harry: you don't need to do anything as, sooner or later, Fate has a way of dishing out the right sort of desserts to the foolhardy, even the Nargles." Harry's tearful demeanour seemed to vanish just as quickly as it had appeared as he suddenly laughed out loud, shaking his head in amusement as he told her, "Never change, Luna: so…what's with them?" Indicating the horse-like creatures, Harry listened with a warm smile on his face as Luna told him, "They're called Thestrals: they're quite gentle, really, but people tend to avoid them because they're a bit…" "Different?" asked Harry, earning a nod from Luna before he asked, "How come?" "They can only be seen by those who've witnessed death," said Luna, her usual matter-of-fact tone surprising Harry as she talked about something as traumatic as that. "So you can probably see them because of what happened twelve years ago, Harry." "Wow," whispered Harry, looking now to Luna with a curious, but sorry look in his eyes as he asked, "So then…you know someone who's died too?" "My Mum," answered Luna, the sad look now returning to Harry's eyes as she explained, "She was quite an extraordinary witch, but she did like to experiment, and one day, one of her spells went badly wrong. I was nine." "I'm sorry," whispered Harry, but as he did so, he was surprised when he felt Luna's hand slide into his own, her unusual, but slightly-attractive blue-eyed gaze lingering on his as she looked into his eyes. "Don't be," she told him, cocking her head to one side as she smiled at him, "I mean, yes, it was rather horrible, but I've still got Dad. And besides, if it hadn't happened, I wouldn't have gotten a chance to know these beautiful creatures, don't you agree, Harry?" Harry shrugged as he and Luna returned their attention to the Thestrals while the mysterious blonde went on, "Anyway, I don't need to tell you that the ones we lose never really leave us forever, do I? They usually find their way back to us…" "Even if not always in the way we expect," finished Harry, a small smile crossing his face as he remembered the journal that Hagrid had given him as well as seeing the images of his parents in the Mirror of Erised. "And do you know what?" asked Luna. "What?" Luna's hand seemed to tighten its grip on Harry's as she went on, "I get the feeling your Mum and Dad will find their way back to you…in their own way… very soon; after all, things aren't always what they seem and, though you might think you know everything, it can still surprise you to learn something new about that very thing." Once again, Harry was confused, but also amused at Luna's sense of logic, but, once again, Luna seemed content to change the topic as she asked, "Do you think you'll be able to go next year, Harry?" "Huh?" asked Harry, watching as Luna looked to him once again. "To Hogsmeade," said Luna, her eyes once again looking right into his as she asked, "Do you think you'll be able to go next year?" "Maybe," said Harry, giving Luna a small smile as he told her, "If I can get the thing with my slip sorted, then maybe…yeah." "That's good," replied Luna, but as she went to leave, Harry's smile turned into a look of shock as she added, "I'd hate to miss out on our first date." Harry was left staring speechless as Luna walked away, her walk turning into an almost-delightful skipping motion as she left him alone with the Thestrals, his eyes wide while his expression was one of amused disbelief. Even weirder was the fact that, as he watched her go, Harry couldn't help but think, 'Did she just ask me out?' All that he could do was laugh as he shook his head before returning to the castle, all thoughts of his original meeting having been taken away by the warm, but unusual distraction that was Miss Luna Lovegood. A rather light-hearted first chapter and it seems that Luna has her usual effect on our emerald-eyed scion, but is there more to her cryptic behaviour than meets the eye or could she just be flirting with him? Plus, will Hermione be able to remove that stick from her butt and see Luna for the friend she is or will the Golden Trio become a Golden Duo with a Midnight-Blue Guest Star? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: Luna offers some more comfort following a certain someone's attack; plus, a certain Quidditch match brings Harry back into contact with the Dementors, but this time, there's more than just screams and fear in the air as something is awoken, truths are revealed and destinies changed as Harry encounters a very surprising source of all three events; Please Read and Review…