reading and learning that he hated having to hide from his relatives. But the one time that he'd been reported as doing better than Dudley, he'd had a three-day fast – thanks to Vernon – where he was locked in his cupboard and, even when he could eat again, he was given week-old bread and nothing else. So, although he hated to do it, Harry learned to hide his intelligence and the secrets of his learning, though he kept himself strong by reading and researching in the library whenever he could. He only hoped that Mrs Ellis wouldn't laugh at him when he asked her about his strange encounters. An Element of Fun "Harry; hello, sweetie. How can I help you today?" "Well," replied Harry, blushing slightly as he approached the Head Librarian, "I…I was wondering if…if you had any books on…on magic? " For a moment, he thought that he saw a look of shock pass over the librarian's face before she smiled with her usual warmth as she asked, "You mean like magicians tricks, dear? Rabbits out of hats and things like that?" When Harry actually shook his head, Melinda had to fight the urge to show a look of utmost pride as he told her, "N-no, Miss…I…I mean real magic; like…like spell magic and…and stuff like that." "I think someone's been reading too much Tolkien," sniggered Melinda, though a part of her hoped that she didn't insult him with the way she said it. As Harry went to walk away, apparently feeling a bit embarrassed by how she'd taken his request, Melinda made a choice that, though she didn't realise it at the time, would come to change the life of the small boy in front of her. "Oh wait a moment," called the librarian, drawing Harry's attention back to her, "I think I do have one or two that might interest you; what…what sort of magic are you looking for?" "Stuff for fire and plants," answered Harry, earning a wide-eyed look from Melinda before with a soft smile, she walked around the desk and put a warm hand on Harry's shoulder. "I think I have something," explained the woman, her dark-blue eyes looking to Harry with amusement as she told him, "Go and sit down and I'll bring the book over to you, okay?" "Th-thank you, Ma'am," replied Harry, moving off to a seat that seemed to be hidden by the stacks in the library's non-fiction section. Once she was sure that he was gone, Melinda heaved a deep sigh before she vanished into the Staff Only area and, reaching her office, she disappeared inside with a look of saddened pride on her face. After all this time, after all the times she'd seen him come into the library, Harry Potter was finally looking into the magic that he had as a wizard. And, even more than she had a duty to humour her young charge as a librarian, Melinda also had a debt of gratitude to repay to the small boy with the sparkling-bright green eyes. And she wasn't the only one… An Element of Fun "Here we are, Harry: Demetrius' Guide to the Elements. A good read, I promise." "Thank you," replied Harry, taking the book that was handed to him by the strawberry-blonde woman; as he took it, Harry gulped as he felt a strange warmth pass from the book into his fingers and, once there, the warmth seemed to make him feel comfortable holding this book in his hands. As she gave the book to him, Melinda went on, "Now, if you want to borrow this, you'd have to keep it somewhere secret: you see, it's not actually a book of the library's, but I do keep a private bunch every now and then." "Would…could I keep it with you?" asked Harry, earning a slow nod from Melinda. "If you want to," explained the young-looking woman, "It'd be right here whenever you wanted to read it and you know that you're always welcome here, sweetie. So if you'd like me to keep it for you until you come back, then I can do that for you, Harry." "Thank you, Miss…" "Call me Mel," explained the young woman, tousling Harry's dark hair as she added, "Now why don't you get comfy and enjoy the book? I'll come and tell you when it's time for you to go." With that, she left Harry to his book. Once she was sure that no-one else would see, however, Melinda drew a thin wand from a hidden holster on her wrist and, pointing it at the small boy, she cast a pretty nifty Notice-Me-Not Charm before leaving him to his work. The world of magic owed Harry a great debt and, if helping him discover his magic was a way to clear that debt, then Melinda was willing to pay; No matter what she had to do. So, an interesting first chapter and it looks like our boy has some skills, but what is the secret of his hidden power and how will he learn to control it as he grows older? Also, who is the mysterious Melinda Ellis and what could she mean by owing Harry a great debt? Keep Reading to Find Out Next Chapter: Some time passes and Harry seems to take to his 'research' pretty well, but when his sanctuary is threatened, Melinda reveals her true face, her true intentions and a true story about her young charge that sees Harry with an opportunity he'd never thought he would have… Please Read and Review AN: Melinda So, I know it's cheesy to do this, but in case anyone's wondering, the idea of Melinda came from one of my favourite female characters from another fandom: Melody Pond/River Song from Doctor Who, so, in this story, I'm using River/Alex Kingston as the portrayal for Melinda Ellis and, well, I hope you like how I write her and the relationship she has with our little one;