Molly, to remember that her father was Monsieur Ysabelle, who suffered the same fate as Gideon and Fabian, and for the same reasons. Then, recall, if you will, what a Veela endures when she loses a mate, and remember that Fleur lived through it firsthand." Molly caught her breath. After several seconds had passed, she stepped away from the table. "Please, keep my children safe . . . All of them. And trust me when I say they will do the same for you." Without another word, she left the meeting, wiping at her cheeks. "Are there any more questions?" Albus asked. When no one else spoke, he continued. "Fleur, I suggest you spend the remaining summer in France preparing for your class, for countering Umbridge, and for protecting Harry and the others. It is a large task. Consult with our professors on how best to go about it. Olympe and Professor Lambert offered their services as well, and I suggest that you take them up on it. "I am also informed that our wizard population will be immune to any Veela charm after a few weeks of exposure, is that correct?" Fleur shook her head. "I am a quarter Veela. So, falsehoods aside, I have little Veela magic. Wizards can easily overcome what is left in less than a week; a day, if he tries." "Good. I also suggest you begin a French club. Miss Granger has repeatedly asked to start one, and getting her in your corner will help you a great deal." "Not a dueling club?" she asked. "I fear such an organization would cause too many problems." Later, as the meeting broke up, Molly re-entered the kitchen. "May we speak?" " Oui ," she answered, choosing not to give the British witch the dignity of an English response. Molly pulled her into a corner. "I meant it when I spoke of worrying over Ron, Harry, and Hermione; Ginny and the twins to a lesser extent, but that also extends to you. Dolores Umbridge and I went to school together. She's as poisonous and vile as they come. So be careful, because she doesn't just dislike you for being part Veela, she detests the very fact you exist; you, your headmistress, Hagrid, even my family because we hold no bigotry towards you." "I'll remember that." "I also get why you want to return to Hogwarts." Molly hesitated, then had to wipe at something on her cheek before continuing. "Gideon and Fabian Prewitt were my brothers. I'm lucky Arthur was with me the night I heard the news . . ." No wonder she was so protective of her family. Fleur barely caught the tail end of Molly's next comment. ". . . And I was half-way out the door before he could stop me." "Wait, could you repeat zhat?" Molly's features hardened. "I wanted revenge. I wanted to hunt down and kill every blighter that dared touch my family. Britain's a small wizarding community, and smaller yet when you limit it to Pure-bloods. I had a good idea who did it, and I was going to kill every bleedin' one of them! Later, I realized that even though I would have had my revenge. Trust me, I may not look it now, but I was the bee's knees in my day. But, at some point, they would have caught and killed me, which meant abandoning my family. Think about that, and be careful. If you ever need to talk or get away from the castle for a few hours, my home is open to you." The older witch squeezed Fleur's arm. "I think someone else wants to speak with you." Fleur looked over her shoulder to find Professor McGonagall waiting patiently. "You will have my full support," the older witch began. "I asked those questions because I am worried about my charges, not from any doubt concerning your talents and abilities." "I understand," Fleur said. "Perhaps, I assumed more than I should 'ave." The professor's tight-lined lips relaxed. "That is quite all right. You had no other context by which to take my remarks, but remember, I consider Hagrid and Filius dear friends, and that should be enough to explain my beliefs." It did. Hagrid, she knew through Olympe; Filius, she did not, but the point still held. "It is." "Good. And my name's Minerva. Where are you staying this evening?" "I'm at the Three Broomsticks until I can find an apartment—that I won't need anymore." "I think not," Minerva agreed. "Accompany me to Hogwarts, and I'll send one of our House-elves to fetch your personal items. We will get you settled into your private quarters tonight." " Merci ." "And, afterward, if you would fancy a cup of tea, we'll figure out how to keep your three new charges safe this year—and you. In truth, I understated my concern when I said I fear what those three would do if something happened to you." Fleur raised an eyebrow and Minerva continued with a rueful chuckle. "Welcome to Hogwarts, I guarantee this will be a year you'll never forget." A/N: Although this story was first posted in 2012, I have been working on it ever since. Currently, I have all but the last two chapters written, and most of those almost fully edited. My hope is to post one chapter every two to three weeks. A very big thank you to everyone who has helped me on this, including those at DLP who have read several iterations and have helped me avoid some horrendous storytelling mistakes. EDIT (June 28, 2017): After reading through the first eight posted chapters, I was very disappointed in the little mistakes that made their way into the text. I have attempted to correct them here. Another big thank you is due to my wife for giving it a beta-read after my fixes. If you see anything wrong in the spelling or grammar, please let me know so I may fix it. Scrubb.