explain and he remained silent. 'I wanted something, and the minister was convenient.' He tried to shrug it off, but wasn't really surprised when that didn't float. 'The Minister for Magic was… just convenient !?' Tracey demanded. Harry laughed. 'Pretty much.' 'And he listened to you ?' Daphne spoke up. 'Well, rather he listened to the-boy-who-lived. I suppose something had to come of it.' Harry saw Snape squirm a little so spoke again to draw attention away. 'Honestly, he was one of the easiest men to manipulate I've come across. Minister or not.' 'Fudge has his moments.' Lucius stated. 'That's very loyal of you.' Harry drawled. 'One has to at least appear loyal. I was rather annoyed to find him so close to being in Dumbledore's pocket that night.' 'Fudge has always looked up to Dumbledore. Fudge is after all a light wizard, and Dumbledore his Lord. It would be quite dangerous, excepting the fact that Dumbledore is too good and noble to manipulate him in any way that is an advantage to himself.' Harry expected at least someone to be surprised by his sarcastic remarks on the Headmaster, but no one so much as blinked. This worried Harry a little, but he pushed it away for another time to contemplate. 'Fudge is a fool.' Harry continued, 'but a smart fool.' 'That's a paradox.' Theo groaned. The children had been allowed Malfoy wine and Theo was a lot louder than usual. 'One which I find myself sadly agreeing on, although perhaps a lucky fool is more apt.' said Snape. Theo frowned. 'Why?' 'The first impression that one gets of a ruler, and of his brains is from seeing the men that he has about him. ' Harry quoted, getting a kick out of the audience. 'Now, by this standard the minister must be very great indeed… Excepting the fact that you have to take into consideration intelligence and category. Fudge is most definitely a parasite and a flatterer. He has achieved his position because of you,' Harry gestured Lucius, 'not utilizing you. Besides, you belong to someone else, and because of that he will last only as long as you allow him to last.' Everyone in the room tensed, and Harry belatedly realised he too might be a little tipsy, but he ignored it and just continued. 'Excepting of course, if someone else were to come and relieve you of your burden.' 'And are you intending to relieve me?' Lucius asked sweetly. Harry smirked, 'Ah, but you are forgetting that you do not belong to yourself. It is not your burden to be relieved of.' 'I'm afraid you have lost me.' Harry was quite sure that he hadn't lost Lucius at all, but he could also play to social niceties. ' Men are so simple and so ready to obey present necessities, that one who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived. ' Harry noticed Blaise giving him particularly odd looks, but ignored it. 'Fudge will be replaced as soon as a real player wishes him to be, however at the moment he is useful.' 'Yes, he is rather, but what use you have for him is what I should really like to know. Also what real use you have for that oaf Hagrid.' 'One never knows when one might need a budding dragon tamer.' Harry teased. 'Besides. Unlike you I like Hagrid.' Lucius snorted. 'Yes, we all saw how well that turned out. Tell us again Severus, how many weeks did they take rebuilding his hut?' 'Touché.' Harry acknowledged the hit, but would stay on Hagrid's side anyway. There were a couple more attempts to bring up Hagrid's appointment, but for the most part Lucius seemed to accept that Harry wasn't going to give him a straight answer. He had got Harry to admit to being on the playing field, but Harry didn't really mind that, as he was on the field the moment the AK failed. This time however, he would be pulling his own strings. He wasn't too horrified with his Slytherin comportment, and thought he got in just as many hits as the adults. Apparently he hadn't been the only one to notice either, as Blaise had been giving him odd looks all evening and made a point of following Harry up to bed when the night was over. Blaise grabbed Harry by the elbow as soon as they were alone. 'Were you just quoting muggle philosophy to Luscius Malfoy!' He hissed. Harry was surprised. 'You know Machiavelli?' Blaise quirked one eyebrow, ' You gave me the book.' Harry winced. 'Ah.' 'You do realise that the Malfoy's are some of the staunchiest muggle haters out there, right?' Harry laughed, 'Don't worry, if Lucius ever caught on he'd first have to admit he had read muggle literature.' Blaise narrowed his eyes at Harry, 'I can't believe any of us thought for even a moment that you weren't Slytherin.' Harry tilted his head to one side and considered Blaise carefully. 'Do you want to be king?' 'With you around I hardly have a chance.' Blaise shrugged as if he didn't care, Harry wasn't fooled. 'I'm offering.' He stated quietly. Blaise shook his head quite quickly. 'Oh no, I don't even want to think about what I would owe you for that. Frankly I'm insulted that you think I'd take it.' Harry laughed quietly, 'Well you never know. Are you going to help me take down our host then?' Harry let it go for now. There was a long silence before Blaise's blank face switched to a smirk. 'Oh yes, as long as you drag me to the top with you and keep me there.' Then as an after thought added 'You do mean Draco right! Lucius is out of my league.' Harry laughed lightly. 'Careful what you wish for Blaise, I may not be satisfied with king.' Harry left as his parting shot before wandering off towards the room he was sharing with Theo.