dorms following after the prefects. Scorpius, Drake, and James waited in the Common Room for the girls to come out so they could all head to the Great Hall for breakfast. "What do I need to know about these Slytherin customs so I don't look like a giant git?" James asked while they waited. "Be courteous to witches, well all women Muggles or witches, it doesn't matter. Hold doors open for them, pull out their chairs, carry their books, and make sure they never have to reach for their own food or drink," Scorpius answered. "Be loyal to friends and family, as well as fellow Slytherins. Defend them from enemies. Give help freely. Never stand by while someone is being hurt," Drake continued. "Seems like a lot to remember," James said. "Pair up with 'Mione. She knows all the customs," Scorpius said. "What about Minerva or Florence?" James asked. He grinned impishly at Drake. "Scorpius isn't going to let you pair up with Florence and Minerva won't correct you if you're wrong. Pair up with 'Mione and I'll pair up with Minerva." Drake answered. "Good luck, mate. She's stubborn just like my auntie." The girls appeared from their dorm. Scorpius led the way out of the Common Room and into the Great Hall. They seated themselves at the Slytherin table. Scorpius buttered slices of toast and drizzled honey over the top. He set the toast on Florence's plate and then poured her a glass of pumpkin juice. Scorpius handed the pitcher over to Drake after he poured himself a glass of juice. Florence nudged him and angled her chin at 'Mione and James seated across from them. James was struggling to ladle oatmeal into 'Mione's bowl without getting it on 'Mione. "It helps if you put the bowl or plate on yours then set it in front of her." "Thanks," James murmured. "A scoop of cinnamon and a scoop of raisins please, James," 'Mione requested. James complied with her request then filled her glass with juice. "Thank you, James," 'Mione said sweetly. James' cheeks blushed scarlet. "You're welcome, 'Mione." James proceeded to fill his own plate with eggs, bacon, and toast. "Minerva, if I've done it wrong or you need something, you need to tell me," Drake said, annoyed beside Scorpius. "I'm perfectly capable of putting more cream in my tea." "You infuriating witch. I know you're capable. You're Hermione Granger's daughter. You probably know more than all of us combined. It's not that you can't do it. You make me look bad if you have to reach for something. You also make me feel like a failure. Is that what you want?" "No. I don't want that. This is just so ridiculous," Minerva fumed. Drake took the creamer and splashed another dollop into the teacup. Minerva stirred the creamer then took a sip and nodded. Drake set the creamer down and started serving himself. "Is everything else to your liking?" he asked as he spooned eggs onto his plate. "Yes, the oatmeal is just like I like it. Thank you." Owls swooped in from the open windows by the rafters. There weren't that many owls this morning. Scorpius thought it mostly owls delivering parcels that were forgotten at home and copies of the Prophet. No one in their group received anything. Scorpius didn't expect an owl from his father yet. Hopefully Tansy would send him some cookies soon or maybe his grandmother would send him some chocolates. Professor Carrow, the brown haired witch from the Sorting Ceremony, who was the Slytherin Head of House and Potions Professor, handed out their schedules. She walked on down the line handing schedules out to the other students. Scorpius finished his breakfast and looked to Florence to see if she needed anything else. Florence was done with her breakfast and perusing their schedules. A group of fifth year Slytherins walked up to them, two were the prefects Isadora and Rory. "Are you all done with breakfast?" Rory asked. The group nodded. "We need you to come with us back to the Common Room with us. Stay in the middle of us. Don't look at or talk to anyone until we get to the Common Room," Isadora instructed. James and 'Mione came around the table. They followed Rory out of the hall with Scorpius and Florence followed directly behind. Minerva and Drake were in the middle. Two fifth years flanked Minerva and Drake. James and 'Mione followed behind them with Isadora bringing up the rear. What in the world is going on? Scorpius knew that Slytherins didn't escort first years from the Hall like this. One person usually took them to the Common Room and made sure they brought the right books then showed them to their first class. The password was spoken and they were all ushered inside the Common Room. "Please have a seat," Isadora gestured to a group of chairs and couches in front of the fireplace. Isadora sat down on the coffee table in front of Minerva. A fifth year girl handed Isadora the morning paper then walked away. They all moved instinctively toward Minerva. James and Drake sat down on the couch closer to her. "Minerva, I know this is odd. A group of us escorting you all in here. There was something in this morning's paper that we thought you should see here away from prying eyes," Isadora handed the paper to Minerva, "We're not sure what any of this means but you should see it here among friends where your housemates can protect you." Scorpius looked over Minerva's shoulder as she read the article. His father was involved with whatever happened yesterday on the platform. The woman he was holding back looked a lot like Minerva. He supposed that was Hermione Granger. "What do you think it means, Minnie?" James asked. "I'm not sure. The Prophet isn't exactly a reliable source of information. Let's just wait and see what my mum has to say at Parents' Day."