knew a lot about his second son" Dumbledore replies cryptically as if he contains all the secrets in the worlds and I have no doubt he does. "Right, so go on then what happened because this doesn't make s-sense" I stutter stupidly. "You were born as you know on the 31st of July, however it was Narcissia that gave birth to you and Lucius is also your biological father along with her. They came to me a few months ago before you were born and they worried about the Dark Lord using you as bait or the chance you were a child of the prophecy. And as they were close to the Dark Lord because of Lucius spying duties there was a chance you would of been killed. So and I will say this again they didn't want to give you up because they loved you. They gave you to me to look after and give to a Wizarding Family that would be well protected and when the Dark Lord was defeated I would announce where the child was. I gave you to the Potters as they were under Fidelius charm which supposedly couldn't be broken and as they were hiding it was easy to pretend that you were there child. Only Sirius had to make the unbreakable vow, and Lily and James did love you. Since James couldn't father children you became their child it worked out well until Halloween. And it was then out of my control since you were officially a Potter as you were adopted by them so you were sent to live with the Dursley's. I'm sorry my boy but we knew that Voldemort would come back so it wasn't safe for the truth to come back. And before you ask the question, you look like them because of a potion and because the potion has changed your appearance the chances of it being returned are slim as it usually stays permanent" Dumbledore explained his voice growing weary with stress. "No" I mumble my hands digging into the chair once more. "You're lying" I attempt to deny. " I assure you Harry I am not" he replies. "Do they know that I'm their-r " I stutter once more. "No I thought it would be better if I told you first" he interrupts. "Don't tell them" I answer coldly. "Why ever not my boy" he looks on wistfully his blue eyes still fucking twinkling. "My family are dead. I do not need replacements" I yell coldly. "They are good people Harry. And you of all people deserve a family" he states wisely. "Blood isn't love, I don't need anyone I never have and I never will" I carry on yelling like and idiot of course. "They need their son. There brother and you may you not know it need a family you always have and now the war is over you can finally have it my boy" he answers with too much wisdom and other poppy fucking cock. "They've already got there son, they don't need anyone else, I'm done with this" I declare and with a fleeting glance around the office and Dumbledore's solemn face I exit the room. Hurrying down the corridor where just an hour it was so much different. And Hermione was wrong, even I couldn`t prepare for this. Because bad was an understatement and a large one at that to even begin to describe what's happened. I hurry along not really paying attention until I come to my destination. Pacing up and down three times a door appears. I step into the room of requirement and as the door shuts ,the truth hits. I'm not a potter. And with the that the only source of comfort that took for granted is ripped so carelessly away. I look around the room and see it has shifted into the replica of the cupboard at the Dursley's. It's odd but I loved that little cupboard, it was the only thing that was truly mine. And when I was in the cupboard the Dursley's didn't exist my empty stomach didn't exist. And now I'm pretending that the Wizarding World doesn't exist and the Malfoy's don't exist and Dumbledore doesn't either. And maybe I don't exist. It doesn't work this time. It was as soon as I stepped out of Dumbledore's too large office that it all felt off. Not that it was particularly good in there but it was overwhelming- it is overwhelming. And the anger swells in me and the shock it outweighs it. To know that my parents aren't dead well biologically anyway. I'm even more of a freak than I thought I was and the only small plus point I can think of is I'm not related to the Dursley's. Oh, God. Fuck me. I am truly fucking fucked. Where am I even supposed to stay in the holidays the Dursley's aren't going to let me live with them, when they know I'm of no kin to them. God, I can imagine there reaction and that means the so called blood wards didn't even exist .And the Malfoy's aren't going to take me in and I'm not going there so end of that. It's not as if it was a decision anyway. Hesitatingly I burrow into the small crevice of the cupboard and it isn't for a while that I realise I can't breathe. My breaths are short and laboured and my heart is thumping like it's going to give out. My hands are sweaty and clammy not to mention the shaking. This isn't normal, it feels like I'm dying, maybe I am dying. And maybe I don't really care. I draw back another intake of breath, yet it doesn't do anything. I think it makes it worse actually. The world swims out of consciousness and I close my eyes ready for the peaceful oblivion of nothing, where I won't be reminded of my diet or dysfunctional 'family', where I can breathe.