friends." Hermione interrupted him. "I don't give a damn what people say," he said vehemently, "and I'd like for you to consider me a friend." "I'm sorry, that was rude. You've been so kind to both of us." "Don't apologize. Please, say you'll stay." "Why? Why should I stay with you?" "You'll be safe here. Harry is the only one who knows where you are. There's no one here who's going to pressure you to do anything before you're ready or coerce you into making decisions while you're vulnerable. Your presence could never be an imposition. Say you'll stay, please. Say you'll stay and let me take care of you." He hoped he hadn't pushed her too far by asking that she stay. "I can take care of myself. I'm not some damsel in distress." "I know you can take care of yourself. You're the most capable witch I know. That doesn't mean that you should have to right now. Letting others care for you doesn't make you weak. Say you'll stay, please." "I'll stay and thank you. Thank you for saving me on the platform and taking care of us and letting me soak your shirt." They ate dinner together that night. He got to know Rose better. She really was an adorable child. She climbed up into his lap after dinner and politely demanded that he read her a story. Hermione tried telling him that he didn't have to but he waved her off. He took them to his study and had Rose pick out a book of Scorpius's. They read together on the couch until Rose fell asleep. He carried her up to Scorpius's room and they tucked her into his bed. "Are you tired or would you like to go back down and have another drink with me?" he asked. "I don't think I can sleep yet. Let's go get sloshed." He laughed at her answer. "Let's see what we can do about that." They sat watching the flames dance in the fireplace, not talking. Draco had given her more scotch. He refilled her glass when she emptied it and refilled his own as much as he refilled hers. They were both a little drunk. Hermione was chewing on her lip, deep in thought. "Tell me what you're thinking," Draco finally said. "My marriage is over. I'm not going to take him back. I don't care what his explanation is. Explanation! Oh, let me explain away cheating on you for at least twelve years and siring four children. I don't need a bloody explanation," raged Hermione. Good, the anger was coming. Draco remained silent and let her rage. Hermione had grabbed one of his silver throw pillows and was beating it with her fists. He had a feeling that it would never be the same after she was done mauling it. He didn't care. She could rip the entire room to shreds if it made her feel better, though he doubted it would come to that. Hermione would sooner rip her own arms off before she damaged a book. "That bastard! Thirteen years of marriage. Thirteen years of me supporting his stupid Quidditch dreams after he decided that being an Auror 'wasn't for him'. I practically raised our daughters by myself while he was touring with the team. I guess now I know that he wasn't touring and practicing as much as I thought. I never once suspected that he would be out screwing around. Gah, how could I have been so stupid and blind!" Draco spoke now. He wasn't going to let her blame or disparage herself for this. Best to stop it now before it got worse. "You're not stupid. Quite the opposite. He was your husband. You trusted him. You trusted him to be true to you. He violated that trust. It doesn't make you stupid for trusting him. You should be able to trust your spouse with everything." "I'm going to hex his balls off the next time I see him and anyone else who gets in my way," she glared at him, knowing he had stopped her before from doing just as she threatened. "Provided there are no children present this time, I may just help you. How about a nice Slugulus Eructo hex? I'm sure he'll have a fun time vomiting up slugs again," Draco replied. "Don't make fun of me. I mean it." "So do I. He deserves whatever punishment you decide to throw at him and I plan on throwing a few myself while you're not looking." She smiled at that. "That's quite Slytherin of you." "Once a snake, always a snake," he laughed. Draco took the drink from Hermione's hand and set it back down on the table and his with it. "It's late and has been a long day. I think it's time for bed. Do you need a Calming Draught or are you drunk enough to sleep okay tonight?" he asked. "I'm probably drunk enough to sleep through a parade right now. Thanks for that. I'm gonna have one hell of a hangover tomorrow." He walked over to his desk, pulled two green vials out of a drawer, and handed her one. "Here. It's Hangover Cure. Drink it now and you won't have a hangover tomorrow." Draco drank his vial down and Hermione followed. He set the vials down next to the glasses. Tansy would clean it up in the morning. Draco escorted Hermione up to her room and opened the door for her. Hermione hugged him goodnight as they stood just inside the doorway. "Thanks for rescuing me today," she said against his chest. "No thanks are necessary. I'm glad I was able to be of service to you. Goodnight Hermione." he ran his hands over her hair. "Goodnight Draco." He went to bed and lay there staring up at the ceiling. She was here in his house. Just across the hall from him. She was leaving that lying, cheating bastard of a husband.