was his firm tone or maybe the determination present in his eye, but something kept Lily from retorting. Two months later he completed the first round-the-world-trip on a broom without stop in seven days, fifteen hours and thirty-two minutes, with an average speed of two hundred and one kilometers per hour. When he finally woke up in a hospital in the middle of South America, he didn't expect to see four familiar faces surrounding his bed. He didn't even have time to compose himself before a redhead fury held onto him like a lifeline. "What are you all doing here ?" He asked, puzzled, while making no movement to get rid of his crying sister. Judging by the sheer-white face of his mother, it was the wrong thing to say. "What are we- Last week, I receive a message in the middle of the night, saying my eldest son, who I hadn't seen in a year by the way, was on the verge of dying on the other side of the world, and you, you dare asking what are we doing here ?!" James was absolutely bewildered. "You mean you, you came-" It was Albus who cut him this time. "Mum called us right away, we took the first portkey available." He paused. "You were in a coma Jamie, we thought you would never wake up." In any other circumstances, James wouldn't have hesitated to comment on the concern his brother was showing. But he took into account the shiny eyes and felt instead a pang of guilt hit his chest. "You should know better Al, I'm more resilient than that." He exclaimed anyway. But Albus didn't smile. No one did. "Come on, it's not the first time, and see, I'm as alive as I can be !" He looked at them, a wide smile on his face. Silence. The pressure on his neck only get stronger. "You have to stop it." Lily muffled against his shoulder. "What ?" "You heard me, you have to stop it." "Lily, I know you-" He started, but then she raised her head and he could see the countless tears streaming down her face. "Please Jamie stop, You can't go on like this ! Just, stop !" James sighed. "Lily, I can't-" "Yes you can !" Apparently, his mother was waiting for this perfect opportunity to explode. "Merlin Jamie you almost died ! Do you understand that ? You could very well have been dead !" She screamed. No one said anything for a while, but James still held her gaze. "But I'm not." "One day you will be ! Before any of us !" He had never seen her like this before. Her hair was a total mess, her skin a sickly white, and the dark circles under her puffy eyes only betrayed her tiredness. She looked absolutely exhausted. James sighed, like the dozen times they had this conversation. "Mum, we already discussed this-" "Three times James. This year, you ended up three times in the hospital. And it's only getting worst each time. At this rate we're going to attend your funeral by November." She took a moment to compose herself. "I'm not asking you to put aside your dreams, but think more about the consequences. I dread the day someone will floo me, or worst, I'll receive a letter, saying that you died in another stunt of yours." She closed her eyes and shivered, like she was living through the nightmare she just described. Lily sniffled. "I may be thirty, but you're still my older brother, and I need you. We all need you. Dom even pleaded, she pleaded Jamie, for you to stop and come home for once." James looked at his other sibling, but Al only lowered his eyes and said so faintly he almost didn't hear it : "Please." James closed his eyes. Of course, he was a little ashamed of the pain he was putting his family through, but what they were asking from him… he simply couldn't. He opened his eyes and fixed them on his mother. "Listen, I… I understand. I understand that it's really difficult for you, I'm not blind. But you have to understand that's the only way for me. It's the only way I can live." His mother didn't answer for a while, and he didn't know what was worst : her silence or the desperation her face was showing. "Try. Please, just try . If not for you, do it for your family." Unable to hold her gaze anymore, he dropped it and came across the only one who didn't say anything since he woke up, but whose opinion was maybe the most important. For what felt hours, Father and Son stared at each other, making no word. There was no need to. Harry Potter let out a resigned sigh. James smiled sadly. James Sirius Potter did many things and met many people in his life, but only one truly understood him. Few were those who thrived on adrenaline like he did and shared his dangerous streak, and even less could follow him to where no one ever went. His family called him foolish, and everyone could tell that something bad would happen someday. James knew they were right, but it didn't stop him nonetheless. It was the only way he felt alive. Thank you for reading ! I read many fics with the Next-Gen, but most of them are starring Albus and only talk about Hogwarts years. So, here you have a little adrenaline junkie James Sirius, I hope you loved him as much as I did. Here's the little notes : A me : swedish name which means eagle or the eagle rules Vitström : vit = white, ström = stream Beamish : Oswald Beamish was an activist for Goblin rights in the 20th century. Kopparberg : there's an annual broom race between Kopparberg and Arjeplog (Sweden). I just picked one of the two towns for the World Championships.