a children's toy?"Neville asked. Harry laughed and Ron threw his shoe at Neville. The three boys laughed and talked as the train sped toward Hogwarts. Ron told them all about his large family and how he felt overshadowed by his older brothers. Harry talked about being raised by a professional Quidditch player and a Hogwarts professor (his mother taught the Study of Ancient Runes). Neville mostly stayed quiet and tried to keep the conversation focused on Harry and Ron, but he couldn't hold them off forever. "So, Neville,"Ron said, as they started changing into their Hogwarts robes, "what was it like?" "What was what like?"Neville asked coyly. He was hoping to avoid this conversation. "You know,"Harry insisted. "When Voldemort killed your mom and dad." Neville and Ron flinched. "Why would you say You-Know-Who's name?"Neville whispered, glancing around. "I dunno,"Harry said, ruffling his hair. "My dad says it. Sirius says it. I'm just used to it." "Are you crazy?"Ron asked, looking both horrified and impressed. "What's the big deal?"Harry asked, shrugging. "It's just a name. Anyway, answer the question, Neville. What was it like?" Neville sighed. He knew he was going to have to talk about his parents eventually. "I was one when they died, guys,"he said. "I don't remember anything besides a flash of green light and a high pitched laugh. My grandmother told me that she thinks that, based on where they found the bodies, my dad tried to fight You-Know-Who first, forced only to use his fists because You-Know-Who caught him off guard. Then he dueled my mom for a while and supposedly tried to kill me, but she jumped in the way. I don't know what happened after that, just that I survived and he disappeared." "Wait, so he let your mom live so he could kill you first?"Harry asked, raising an eyebrow. "Why didn't he just kill her first?" "Maybe he's just nuts, I don't know,"Neville shrugged. "I always thought it was because I was his real target, and that my parents were just in the way." "But why would he want to kill you in the first place?"Ron asked. "You were just a baby." "No idea,"Neville admitted. "But it's the only way that it makes sense. I'll probably ask Dumbledore if he has any ideas if I get the chance, but I'm not getting my hopes up." Before Harry or Ron could reply, the train whistle blew as the train slowed to a stop. The three boys looked out the window to see that they had arrived at their destination. "Ladies and gentlemen,"a magically amplified voice said, heard in all the compartments, "we have arrived at our destination of Hogsmeade station. Please leave your luggage and pets aboard the train, as they will be transported separately. This was it. They were about to begin their term at Hogwarts. Neville started to feel his stomach rumble, a combination of hunger and nerves. He looked at Harry and Ron to see how they were coping. Ron was pale, but his jaw was set. Harry simply looked excited, not a trace of fear on his face. "Let's go,"he said, leading the way out of the compartment. Neville and Ron followed, and they left the train. As soon as they left the train, they heard a booming voice: "Firs' years! Firs' years over 'ere!" The boys followed the voice to see that it belonged to a giant of a man, standing at over ten feet tall. He had long black hair and a beard to match, and his black eyes were warm and friendly. Several other first years, including the bossy girl from earlier, also gathered around the giant, and soon he stopped calling and looked at the crowd. "All righ', issat everyone?"he asked. "Righ', well follow me, then, you lot." He turned around and marched away. Neville and the other first years had to jog to keep up with his massive stride as he led them through the streets of Hogsmeade. "Yeh'll get yer firs' look at Hogwarts soon."the giant called back to them. "Righ' around dat corner." Sure enough, they turned a corner and saw a castle, sitting atop a hill across a vast lake. Three large towers sat atop the castle and lights were shining through the windows on the lower floors. The giant led them to a fleet of small boats sitting at the shore of the lake. "No more'n four ter a boat!"he said, taking up a whole boat by himself. Neville crowded into a boat with Harry and Ron, and, to Ron's dismay, they were joined by the bossy girl. "All righ'!"the giant yelled, pointing a pink umbrella in front of him. "Forward!" The boats lurched forward, sailing toward the castle on their own, with no wind nor oars nor motor to propel them. Once they crossed the lake, the students were led to the front door of the castle, and the giant did a quick head count to make sure that everyone had survived the crossing. "Good, dat seems ter be the lot of yeh,"he said, satisfied. He turned and faced the door. He raised his fist and knocked three times on the door. Author's Note: Wow, my first fanfic. I feel accomplished already, and I haven't even really started writing anything substantial yet. Harry was particularly difficult to write, as I imagine that a Harry raised by James Potter is different from a Harry raised by Vernon Dursley. And writing in Hagrid-speak is just plain difficult. Please please PLEASE leave reviews, I have no idea what I'm doing and I could really use the criticism. I know that I tend to use too much dialogue and that my descriptions need work, and if I notice one thing wrong, then there must be at least ten more problems with my writing that I don't know about. Anyway, I'm rambling. Please, take the time to post a review, and I hope you enjoyed it. Next chapter coming soon...probably...I'll try to update frequently, anyway.