looked up to see Harry looking at het at last, and she said, "Yes, Harry. We're very happy together. From what little I know, I would say that our relationship is very similar to your relationship with your Ginny." "Then I'm happy for you," Harry said. "Thank you," Ginny said as she tried to gage Harry's mood. "Ron mentioned that the Draco you know has a son at Hogwarts. I'm guessing that he isn't in Azkaban." "No," Harry confirmed. "His life doesn't mirror the life of your Harry that closely. He and his parents were death eaters, but they didn't fight in the final battle. I don't think Draco ever actually killed anyone. He works at the Ministry with us in the Department of Magical Games and Sports." "It's amazing how different some things are," Ginny commented. "I think it's amazing that so many things are the same," Harry said. "None of the Weasleys seem any different in this reality. Then there's Draco. I used to think I was… unique." "You still are," Ginny commented. "Unless there is yet another reality out there where the Harry Potter is exactly like me," Harry explained. "At least none of them have arrived here yet," Draco said as he walked nearer to them. "We can only hope that those two coins are the only ones in existence." "I have to think the chances of that are slim," Harry commented. "Given the possibility of an endless array of realities; the existence of another set of coins is infinitely probable." "And substantially dangerous," Draco said. "Suppose there is a reality where Voldemort won the war; what if he finds a coin and comes here?" Harry looked at Draco, and a grin spread across his face as he said, "You won't have to fight him alone this time. Use the coin to come and warn me. I'll fight him with you." "Thanks, Harry," Draco said with a grin of his own. "You know the same goes for me." "Let's hope it never comes to that," Ginny said. "Neither of you should have to face something like that again. Then again, only the two of you would even think to consider such a possibility." Harry looked over to where Ron had been before, and, not seeing him, began to scan the shop. Ron was nowhere to be seen. Draco turned and followed Harry's gaze. "If you're looking for Ron he's gone in the back with Fred and George," Draco said. "That could be dangerous," Harry said with a grin. "He may never want to leave once he starts looking at the things they likely have back there." "I don't know if anything we say is going to speed it along any," Draco said. "Knowing Ron the way I do we may just have to let it run its course." A few minutes later, Ron emerged with a huge smile on his face followed by Fred and George. Harry had to fight the urge to make Ron turn out his pockets. He was sure he would be leaving with more than he came with. "All right there, Ron?" Harry asked. "Fantastic, mate," Ron replied as he held up what looked like a small hand mirror. "This mirror is used for communicating. It has a mate that it connects to. Fred and George are going to keep one here while I take this one back with us." "Will it still work?" Draco asked. "We don't see why not," Fred replied. "We haven't found anything in this world that will block their connection," George said. "We won't know if it works across realities until we try it." "If it works," Ron said, "I'm going to give it to George." Harry looked at Fred and asked, "Are you sure you're ready for that? You can be assured he'll want to talk to you every day. I doubt he'll let that mirror leave his sight." "Are you kidding?" Fred asked. "The only thing better than one George is two Georges. Besides, think of how many new ideas we'll be able to come up with between the three of us." "That thought actually scares me a little," Ginny said, though her face betrayed no sign of real fear. "Does this mean you're ready to go now, Ron?" Harry asked. "Almost," Ron responded as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a set of intertwined silver rings. "Hermione gave this to me just before Harry and I left for our first assignments after becoming aurors. She told me to keep it as a reminder that no matter what happened we would always find our way back to one another. I want Ron to have it. I know Hermione would feel the same way." Ron handed the rings to Ginny, and she took them and said, "I'll see that he gets them." "I'm ready, mate," Ron said as he pulled the green glowing coin out of his pocket. "We had better get this over with." Harry grasped Ron's upper arm and stuck his other hand under Ron's hand holding the coin. Harry looked up and gave a nod to Draco, and Draco grinned and nodded back. Ron turned his hand and the coin fell toward Harry's open palm. They disappeared the instant it made contact with the skin. Popping back into reality was just as disorienting as Harry remembered, but his mind adjusted quickly as Ginny ran to him and wrapped her arms around him. Hermione was giving Ron much the same treatment. George welcomed them back, but it was several seconds before Ron remembered what he was carrying. Ron looked into the mirror and smiled. Turning to Harry, Ron asked, "Do you think we should explain this first?" "Just give it to him," Harry said with a wide smile. "They'll explain it." Ron handed the mirror to George as he turned it around and saw himself smiling back. "Hi, George," George said. "I have someone here who really wants to talk to you."