does he think I'm talking about? "I, too, have joined the Good/Bad Side and can no longer be your Partner in Pranking. Again, may I suggest all black clothing to properly express your mourning?" He's laughing now. And saying mean things about my pranking ability. "Let's weigh it up though, how much damage I would have caused as a prankster versus how much I will cause as a Prefect? I think it's pretty even." Now they're all laughing because, let's be honest, it is pretty hilarious. Something as simple as doing the rounds will probably end up with me lost somewhere in the depths of this castle. "And me dragged along with you, no doubt!" Poor Remus, he really did fuck up by becoming my best pal. I offer him a consolatory hug. "I will try not to get you killed, Lupin. Potter, I make no guarantees." A pillow lobbed at my face is the reward for my callous attitude to James' well-being. I'm sure there would be a lot more lobbing of bed linens if he knew of my dastardly plot to find out all about his and Lily's alleged canoodling. "I bid you adieu – Lana wants to throw a party in my Prefectly honour. Ciao!" This has been a good, successful day? Dana Philimore's business card and Prefect-ship? Am I becoming less of a Disaster Zone? Most likely not, thanks to my cursed genes, but we can dream. OK, now I'm in a quandary. Lana has trumped Lily's-Potential-Canoodling-With-James-Potter gossip (not that I'm going to give up on finding out what that is). So, it emerged that what she was dying to tell me was not enthusiastic congratulations on my newly required responsibility – I don't know why I ever thought that, she is a truly Terrible Best Mate. Yes, it was evident when I was dragged from the doorway of the dorm and into our bathroom as soon as I reached the top of the stairs that this was, in fact, not a party in my honor. But I am not one to turn my nose up at a good bit of gossip and this was indeed most excellent and bizarre news. "Sirius Black kissed me. On the train. While you were gone. And then Pete came in – he didn't see anything- but when he left, Sirius just pretended it had never happened! So I did too, was that the right thing to do? Oy, why am I asking you?" Like I said, Romantic-Quandaries are more Lana's thing. But also ! "I have too many questions right now… How did this happen, what was the lead up to that ? Did you like it? What about your –and I quote- 'undying, burning passion for James Potter'?" "We were talking and then he lunged. Of course I enjoyed it a bit, he is by far the hottest guy at school. But no, I don't want anything with him because of James." I appreciate her succinctness. She has learnt to deal with me after six years of Best Friendship, as terrible as she may sometimes be. I demand a full retelling of this event. I push for a reconstruction but my impression of Lana makes her laugh too much, ruining the accuracy of the piece. Psh, her lack of commitment to good gossiping is just pushing Lily way ahead in this Mate Contest. (Friendship is definitely a competition, and I'm in it to win it). "There was an awkward silence for about five minutes after you went and your inane and constant babbling was no longer there-" "Good to know what you miss most about me." "Proving the whole babbling point here. So then Sirius starts talking about you saying that you always surprise him with just how stupid and accident prone you are. And I told him that he obviously didn't spend enough time with you then, because I fail to be shocked by anything that happens to you." "Wonderful comprehension there, Lana; happens to me , not happens because I ever want weird or stupid things to happen! I am a passive bystander." "And then he lunged at my face and, yeah, we kissed and then we broke apart and Pete walks in." "Merlin. That was it. Those few sentences were the prelude to Black snogging you?" What an oddball – and he has the nerve to call me strange. I mean, he likes the ladies sure enough. Always has a Hogsmeade date and a fair few girls panting after him but he doesn't tend to date amongst our immediate group. Lana is very pretty though and funny. "Maybe he wants to spend time with you is what he got from that…. conversation." "I don't know. I don't want to date him and he has been ignoring me since. In fact, I'm pretty sure we both had looks of instant regret on our faces when Peter walked in." Wow. We've been at school for three hours and I am exhausted and overwhelmed by bizarreness. We may be small but we are all completely insane. Perhaps that's the reason for the tiny year groups – any larger and the insanity wouldn't be controllable. Hm. Mysteries I will Solve This Year: - How Lily Evans gave James Potter the impression that she's 'not uptight' - Why Dumbledore appointed me Prefect? - Does Sirius Black fancy my best friend? - Will the bottomless pit that is my stomach ever be satisfied? (I could honestly do with some cake right now. I was too nervous about the Dumbledore meeting to have more than one slice at dinner). End of School Day 1, Disaster Count: 21. AN: It has been a million years since I wrote new fanfiction - this has basically happened because I am very bored at work and needed a distraction but I think it's worthy of sharing with you all! Please give a gal an ego-boost and leave a review, it would mean the world. Elle xoxo