if her every muscle had gone stiff, or turned to stone. She couldn't move, and it took her a moment of panic to realize that she could in fact breathe. Lucius had let her go, but she couldn't run from the bewildering and frankly terrifying inhabitants of the room. Wide eyes swiveling wildly, all she could see were at least a dozen white-masked figures, studying her through emotionless black holes. "There's a good girl. Made it easy, didn't she? Now we don't have to go looking for her," Lucius said contemptuously, striding around to examine her face. She tried to open her mouth and land him the worst curse word she could imagine, but nothing came out. He chuckled, which was eery in the way it echoed into the dark corners of the room with the acoustics no tent should ever have. It felt more like a rock tomb than a fabric hut. "This is the muggle girl," he spat, sneering at one of the smaller figures that was probably the woman, as if that explained everything when the silence grew too cold. He turned back to Mavis, patronizingly; "Roberts, is it? Want to tell us where to find your mum and dad?" With an immense feeling of relief, she found herself able to speak again, though her limbs were still completely numb. For half a second, she thought she was going to beg, but her tongue betrayed her. "Never, you filthy… muggle gargoyle!" she yelled, not really sure what it meant, but 'muggle' seemed to be a pretty bad thing around here, and his contorted face looked rather like the grotesque creatures perching upon the nearby church she attended every Sunday. Lucius lifted his eyebrows in surprise, and nervous laughter broke out from behind a few of the masks. Lucius rounded on them. "Think that's funny, Yaxley? Goyle? Laughing at the foolish antics of a mudblood?" She didn't know what it meant, but by the withering glare he was giving them and the way they immediately shut up, she knew it wasn't good. A faint spark of recognition flickered through her mind at the name "Goyle," but when she placed it as one of the hulking boys she'd seen earlier, she knew they weren't big enough to be any of the masked men. Maybe a relation, she thought distractedly, realizing taunts weren't getting her anywhere, and his attention would refix on her at any moment. She had a feeling they wouldn't be giving her any answers as to why they'd taken her, and she couldn't think of a thing to say that might convince them to let her go. Just then, by a stroke of luck, there were footsteps from the hallway- yes, the tent had a hallway, as incredible as it seemed. She'd almost forgotten why she was there at all until he emerged, dropping the white cloth that was evidently another mask as he saw who the ruckus was about. Recovering quickly, the boy turned to Lucius with a bow, the corner of his mouth twitching in agitation as he tried to avoid her gaze. "I'm ready, father. It's all been taken care of." "Ah, excellent. Best run along. Wouldn't want you caught up in this tonight, not until you can apparate." Giving Lucius a curt nod, and ignoring Mavis' shocked expression, he went to leave but stopped halfway outside. As if bracing himself for a punishment, he glanced at her stiffly. "Father?" "Yes, son?" "What… what are you going to do to her?" "Ah. I see." Mavis' stomach clenched at the way his mouth twisted into a sneer at the words. "I thought we already discussed this. Just a bit of fun. Not to worry, Draco, she's only a mudblood anyway." She could have heard a pin drop. "... Yes, sir." She saw the fear flicker in his eyes as he walked out, saw the gruesome grin on Lucius' hollow face as he donned his mask, heard her own screams as she was suddenly flung into the air, hovering. So that was the boy's name- Draco. She would never remember it. But she would remember its association, the dragon. She would remember his slit gaze as he tried not to see her, the drag in his step as he turned tail and ran. She would remember the callousness with which he saved his own skin, as she flew, upside down, into the night. Even as the memories filled her fifteen year old mind, two years after it had happened, it was still a blur. She swung, full of fear as the blood rushed to her head and full of pain when her flailing limbs and head raked the trees and scraped through the tents. Tears flooded from her eyes and into her hair, fogging the vision of her parents running from their home, demanding the safe return of their daughter, and being hoisted beside her. A deep gouge from a weather vane arrow gushed red across her forehead, dying the image of her little brother fleeing and being lifted by the ankle as they caught him a step from the front door. Loud bangs and cries resounded through the maze as they bobbed this way and that way, held aloft and humiliated, hurt and helpless. And all the while, watched by those empty masks. She couldn't turn her screams into thoughts, much less words, but deep inside, thumping through her veins, she was cursing the one who wasn't directly responsible, but the one she blamed. Draco! Please, Draco! Please, help! No, please! No! Draco… The glacial dragon. For two years, she saw him, every time she closed her eyes. And then one day, when she opened them. XXX So, thoughts? Guesses? Hm, me neither. ;) One last thing- I've seen other authors add questions at the bottom of their stories, so hey, why not? Question of the day: What are your Hogwarts and Ilvermorny houses? Anyway, TTFN, and hope to have an update soon. :) Bye!