to you?" he scoffed, turning his gaze back to the window. Sirius, the star, was easily visible. Potter was silent for a while before he spoke again. "We're dormmates. Someone's got to be there for you, and if those prats you were raised with won't and our own housemates are being harsh on you— " Sirius turned to face the other boy, mouth twisted in a snarl. "You little" -he bit back the word blood-traitor— "You think I'm upset about what those idiots out there are saying about me?" Potter's eyes were wide. "Er… yeah?" he stammered out. Sirius threw his arms up. "Really Potter? I'm a Black, Blacks get talked about. If I could handle it at four years old when a man implied I'd become the next dark lord at a ministry banquet, I sure as hell can handle it now!" The other boy crossed his arms defensively and sat on his bed. "Then what's got you in a state?" Sirius narrowed his eyes, then stalked over to Regulus's letter and picked it up. He threw the crumpled-up ball to Potter, fully unaware of why he was even doing so. "Read it, if you absolutely must, see if I care," Sirius snapped, then left the dorm with a slam of the door. He didn't know where he was going as he rushed out of the portrait hole, and it was undoubtedly an awful idea to go off wandering. Sirius was just as lost as any other first year when it came to navigating the castle. He stormed down the seventh-floor corridor, not noticing any of the students staring at him, not that he would have cared if he had. Sirius didn't know why he was so upset about this whole ordeal anyway, it was something he should have expected. Regulus had been nice enough in his letter too, if not a little distant. That was to be expected too, all of this was predictable, and yet Sirius's blood was still boiling, and he had stopped masking his expression a while ago. Perhaps that was why, when Andi saw him coming, she broke free from her group of Slytherins and chased after him. "Sirius! Sirius!" the head girl called. Sirius spun on his heel, fully prepared to let out eleven years of practiced pureblood snark on whoever had dared to try and speak with him. Of course, all of that stopped when Andromeda grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him into an alcove he hadn't known existed. "What? Come to give me a tongue-lashing? I assure you, Andromeda, you cannot tell me something I have yet to hear," Sirius said scathingly. Andi winced minutely at the use of her full name, then straightened and raised a delicate eyebrow. "Sirius," she began in a warning tone. "You'll tell me what's got you in a strop or I'll give you one better than a tongue-lashing." "Fine," Sirius spat. "You'll be pleased to know that I have been instructed not to write Regulus, for fear I'll corrupt him. Merlin forbid little Reggie turn out a nasty blood-traitor like his brother." Andi's expression softened into one of concern. "Siri…" Sirius's eyes blazed silver. "I don't want your pity, Andi. I don't want your pity, or Reggie's, or McGonagall's, or James Potter's, or anyone else's for that matter." And with that, Sirius pushed past Andromeda and back into the hall, losing himself in the twisting corridors. September 1, 1972 Regulus wiped his sweating palms on the back of his robes, the only action that betrayed his frazzled nerves in his otherwise calm demeanor. Anderson, Sarah and Baccas, Santo were sorted into Gryffindor and Hufflepuff, respectively, before the professor McGonagall called his name. He could feel Sirius's eyes burning in the back of his head from the Gryffindor table as he walked straight-backed up to the stool and the witch beside it. The last thing Regulus noticed before the hat dropped over his eyes was that the Great Hall had gone quiet. " Ah, the littlest Black." Regulus flinched a little at the sound of the voice in his head, but otherwise stayed stoic. " Loyalty to family? Very interesting, but to what family will it be? " "If you put me in Hufflepuff I'll see to it that you are burned," Regulus thought furiously. The hat chuckled, which was a rather odd thought. " No, not Hufflepuff for you, though that cousin of yours... truer Hufflepuff than most Hufflepuffs are. You, a very strong mind, and an eagerness to learn. Ravenclaw would suit you very well, but then again, threatening me was a very Slytherin thing to do. Ruthlessness is not yet in your nature, however, young Black, not like your brother. It is an ingrained defense mechanism." Regulus was silent as that hat continued to think. " You are brave, and yes, loyal. Both traits that could very easily put you alongside your brother in Gryffindor. But yours is a quiet bravery where the elder's is loud. The Gryffindors would not know what to do with you. Yes, your intelligence is your defining feature, Mr. Black; you are sharper than most of the students I have seen in years. Ravenclaw would most definitely suit you extremely well. Alas, for this one, I must leave your fate up to you." Regulus closed his eyes painfully, and prayed to Merlin and Morgana and anyone else who might care to listen, knowing what he was about to do would break Sirius's heart. " Very well, " the Sorting Hat sighed, sounding quite put out. " But Mr. Black, know that there is more than one path for you to follow. Perhaps, in the shadows you'll find glory, and to do that, you'll have to be in… " "SLYTHERIN!" Author's Note: Now, I am the absolute worst when it comes to updating regularly, but I'm trying for weekly. We'll see how that goes, so if you like this story, I'd advise following and turning on alerts.