as one of the last carriages pulled to a stop in front of them. Theo nodded once as he followed Lessie into the carriage, followed by other Fifth years. X The carriages stopped in front of the school and the students piled out one by one. Theo exited the carriage first and held out a hand to help Lessie out. Lessie hesitated for a second, and Theo smirked. "I don't bite," he said. Lessie rolled her eyes at the boy, but took his hand anyway, as delicately and lady-like as her noble-birthed mother taught her to be. "Thank you, Theodore." "Alessandra Aragòn?" Lessie paused and saw an older witch with a severe face wearing a beat up old hat calling to her from just inside the castle. Lessie glanced at Theo, before parting from him. The woman offered Lessie a smile which softened her features only slightly. "I'm Professor McGonagall." "Oh," Lessie smiled, "it's good to finally meet you in person." "Likewise my dear," said McGonagall. "I wanted to introduce myself as well as give you a chance to sort into your house before you enter the Great Hall and before the first years. I figured you'd rather watch the ceremony than participate with the eleven year olds." "Definitely." MgGonagall removed the beaten hat from her head and handed it to Lessie. "When you're ready, place it on your head." Lessie took the hat, turned it once in her hands and put it on her head. For a second, nothing happened, until she heard a voice in her head. "What a mind," the deep voice said. "I see you have a desire for knowledge and adventure, but your mind is most intriguing. Your desire for self-preservation is remarkable. I also see a great determination…" Finally, the hat echoed outside of Lessie's head: "SLYTHERIN!" Lessie felt her heart skip a beat. Her mother had told her about Slytherin (Valeria had been a Gryffindor), and McGonagall's face confirmed her mother's stories. "Last table on the left," McGonagall said before putting the hat back on her head and leaving to greet the First years. Lessie frowned slightly as she entered the Great Hall. Students were still filing in as Lessie made her way to Slytherin's table. She smiled slightly when she saw Theo at the table; as irritating as he was, she was glad for his familiar face. She tapped his shoulder as she neared him. "Scoot over," she said. The corners of Theo's lips quirked up slightly as he relented, opening up a space for Lessie to sit beside him. "Excuse me, who are you?" Lessie glanced up at the girl across from her who addressed her abruptly. The girl had a face that reminded her of a pug. Beside her was a boy with pale blonde hair and water colored eyes. Both regarded her almost disdainfully. "Lessie," Lessie answered, raising her chin as well, playing the arrogance game all the Hogwarts students she'd interacted with seemed to enjoy. "I'm the exchange student from Ilvermorny. I was sorted here." "Oh, we were informed of that," said the pale blonde boy. He rolled his eyes. "Seems like your school isn't a lost cause if you've been sorted into our house. I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy." Draco held out a hand. Lessie sighed and took it, squeezed once and quickly released it. She didn't trust this kid. "Pansy Parkinson," the pug-faced girl smiled at her. "We'll have to catch up later." "I look forward to it," Lessie lied through her teeth. X Lessie sat in a vacant Slytherin's Common Room well after midnight next to the fire. She quietly ran her fingers through her hair unbraiding and re-braiding it as she mulled over the night's events. Hogwarts was indeed going through some dark times. "I hope running into you in my private sanctuaries won't become a regular practice." Lessie looked up to see Theo, carrying a book again, dressed in black lounge pants and a white V-neck t-shirt. "Oh forgive me your highness," Lessie said her voice dripping with sarcasm. Theo smirked as he sat in front of her on the floor in front of the fire. "Are you cold?" Lessie nodded and drew her blanket tighter around her—mostly because she suddenly felt shy in her black silk camisole and shorts sleep set. "I grew up in Southern California where it's always warm. This will take a little time to get used to." Theo nodded and picked up his book, beginning to read. "Why are you down here so late?" "I have a hard time going to sleep sometimes," said Theo, shrugging his shoulders. "I read until it becomes easier." Lessie felt herself soften at Theo's words. He might be arrogant, but he was still human. After a few minutes of silence in front of the crackling fire, she stood, feeling ready to brave the cold. "Good night." "Alessandra." Lessie paused when she heard Theo call out to her. She turned, raising an eyebrow at him. "Lessie," she prompted. "Lessie sounds like a name I would give to someone lesser than me," Theo scowled, and Lessie wondered if Theo noticed heat creep up her face at his explanation. Theo's blue eyes then seemed to soften. "Alessandra, you said you're here to learn. Just…be careful about who you trust." "Dully noted," said Lessie. "Good night, Theodore." "Theo," Theo prompted. Lessie paused. She had no good reason to call him "Theodore" other than to annoy him, and she could get used to him calling her by her full name. "Fine," she said. "Good night, Theo. Thanks for looking out for me." Author's Note: I have recently grown fond of Theo...so welcome to a new journey! This story starts during the students' Fifth Year (Order of the Phoenix) and possibly beyond! I have a request! Do I have any fancy friends good at making story images? I can't think of or find a good graphic icon for this story. Tips and ideas are welcome! Your reviews are love!