the community of Salem accepted witches and wizards base on what they saw from the Evans' and Snape's," said Serenity. "Afterwards the two of them and a few other American wizards started to form a school to teach young children that were born with magic," said Mathew before smiling. "They named the school, Salem Academy Institute for Wizards and Witches." "Children are accepted at the age of eight," said Serenity. "Why that young age?" wondered Lily. "Most children will start their accidently magic around age of five to six as their magic core starts to set in," replied Serenity. "The Academy places the children base on their magic cores as some have an average level while some have a high level ones." "I have noticed that when I attended in Hogwarts," said Lily. "Everyone was quite shocked how strong my magic was even though, at the time, I was thought to be a muggleborn." "Most of the time, muggleborns magic are supposed to be stronger than purebloods as its fresh magic," explained Serenity before winking. "But overseas purebloods are so stubborn to admit about that small detail." Mathew snorted, "Stubborn? I say they are downright dunderheads. Look at the British pureblood tree. All of them are basically related to one and the other as they marry distance cousin to another just to keep their 'pureness' still raw." "Which will lead to many illnesses," said Serenity before frowning. "I am so glad that my Great-Grandfather escaped from that kind of society." "About that," said Lily. "How are you related to the Malfoy's in Britain?" "Oh right," said Serenity. "You see my Great-Great-Grandmother married a Malfoy and had two male heirs. One of them was my Great-Grandfather who wanted to explore beyond Britain so he traveled through a ship before landing here in Salem. He met my Great-Grandmother who was a halfblood and fell in love with her." "They married but when my Great-Granddad informed his parents, they didn't want to do anything with him. In their point of view, he disgraced the Malfoy name by marrying a filthy halfblood and was soon disowned and lost contacted from them since then." Lily gasped while Severus nodded his head. "That does sound what a Malfoy would do. I remember the times when Lucius invited me one time to his manor and his Father…let's just say he didn't show any hospitality when I was there." "British dunderheads," murmured Serenity before gasping. "Dear! They need to know about the marriage contract!" "Oh that's right, thanks for reminding me," said Mathew. "Marriage contract?" asked Lily. "Yes, you see the Evan's and the Snape's were very good friends and thought it would be good idea for their families to form a family together," said Mathew happily. "They formed a marriage contract a few centuries ago upon when the right children from both sides were born." "Usually the Evan's and the Snape's will have male heirs but never the opposite," said Serenity. "So that would mean," said Lily. "The contract falls upon you two if you wish to activate the contract that is," said Mathew. Lily widens her eyes while Severus was blushing. Serenity giggled before grabbing hold onto her husband and guided him out of the room. She smiled over to them, "We'll give you two some privacy to talk about it. Call Sophie, our house elf to show you where the kitchen is at as we will be there. I do believe the children are hungry." Once the door closed, Lily looked over to her best friend where she can see that his cheeks were slightly red and was a bit tensed. The two stayed quiet for quite some time before Severus broke the silence. "I…I would like to tell you that – that I fell in love with you the moment I first saw you at the park when we were little." Lily stared at her nervous best friend before giving him a warm smile. "Sev, I must admit but I had a crush on you during the end of our 4th year but…the incident that happen in our 5th year…" "Please Lily, forgive me! I didn't mean to say that foul word to you, honest!" said Severus. "The pressure I was getting from my housemates and Potter with his bloody gang got to me! I took out my anger at you instead at Potter on that fateful day! Please, I beg of you, forgive me!" Lily shook her head before grabbing hold onto her dear friend's hand. "Oh Sev, I should be the one to be asking for your forgiveness. I casted you aside and treated you like trash but I should have seen it though your point of view. I foolishly believed about you turning into a dark wizard but in fact, you were alone and calling out for me." "Lily," murmured Severus softly. "I forgive you," said Lily as she held onto Severus' hand. "Fate put us together for a reason Sev and now I know why. Do you want to marry a foolish Gryffindor?" Severus sat there, speechless before giving out a warm smile for the first time, after who knows how long. "You are not foolish. You are strong and brave…I was the one that was foolish, Lily." Lily giggled, "Foolish but with good traits. Your ambition to protect those who needs to be protected are strong and the cunning you used during the First War was used for good, not evil. You are the greatest man I have ever meet Sev." "Thank you Lily," murmured Severus, softly. Lily got up and dragged Severus out from her uncle's study. She called forth the house elf and told her to take them to the kitchen. "Come let's inform my Uncle about this Sev." Severus nodded and let his future fiancé drag him out as they followed the small house elf to the kitchen where they found them eating their lunches. -Break Line- Me: Chapter one done, Chapter two is up next!