send an innocent man to prison," said Severus. "Please do notify Madam Bones so we can discuss with her in another time." "Very well Mr. Snape, I will have Griphook sent a message to Lady Bones," said Nagnok. "Now I believe the potion is ready, Griphook get the golden parchment!" Within a few minutes, the gold parchment was starting to fill young Harry's family tree. Harry James Potter Born: July 31, 1980 Father: Lord James Charles Gryffindor-Potter Mother: Lady Lily Rose Potter nee Slytherin-Evans Grandparents: Charles William Gryffindor-Potter and Lady Dorea Cassie Potter nee Black Harold Salvador Slytherin-Evans and Rose Marie Slytherin-Evans nee Patel Ancestors: Lord Salazar Harold Slytherin and Lady Helga Rosie Slytherin nee Hufflepuff Lord Godric William Gryffindor and Lady Rowena Marie Gryffindor nee Ravenclaw Lord Merlin Relatives: Lady Petunia Marie Dursley nee Slytherin-Evans and Vernon Jonathan Dursley Dudley Vernon Dursley Lady Narcissa Dorea Malfoy nee Black and Lord Lucius Abraxas Malfoy Draco Lucius Malfoy Lady Bellatrix Cassiopeia Lestrange nee Black and Lord Rodolphus Samuel Lestrange Sirius Orion Black Regulus Arcturus Black Andromeda Eli Tonks nee Black and Ted Johnson Tonks Nymphadora Andy Tonks Heir to the Noble and Ancient house: Merlin Gryffindor Ravenclaw Potter Black Everyone in the room was speechless. Nagnok looked up with an awe expression to the small family while the other goblins were giving a small bow to them. "Forgive me for not recognizing your magic, my Lady and young Lords. It is an honor to be under your presences." Petunia had a shock look on her face before looking over to Severus. "W-What's going on? Why are they bowing to me – to us?!" "They are bowing to you and to the children because you are descendants of the four founders of Hogwarts," replied Severus. "You have the power to kick Dumbledore out of the castle but it's too bad that you were born as a squib." Petunia looked down sadly as what Severus said was true. Lily told her what a squib was which was a wizard born with no magic and is treated like a muggle. "What do you mean Mr. Snape? Lady Dursley has her magical abilities, sealed but I can sense her magic core," said Nagnok. Petunia widens her eyes, "I-I have m-magic?" "You didn't know?" said the goblin in shock. Petunia shook her head. "Well it looks like we must see who blocked your magic," said Nagnok before narrowing his eyes. "Also it would seem that no one has healed young Lord Potter's scar properly yet." "No, Dumbledore said it couldn't be removed as it was a curse scar," said Severus before smirking, slightly. "I have a feeling that you have something to heal the scar." Nagnok chuckled, "Mr. Snape, we have magic far beyond than any other wizards, which is why the four founders gave us the respect we deserve. They saw what we can do in a blink of an eye." Severus nodded, "Very well, when can you heal Harry's scar and unseal Petunia's magic?" Nagnok smirked, "If you like…we can do it now." -Prince Manor, 11:00 pm- Severus collapse in to his armchair at his study room. He asked his house elf Lippy to show Petunia where she and her son were going to sleep for the time being while he showed Harry to his new room which was next to his. He just finished putting the young child to sleep after giving him a bit of a dreamless sleeping potion before heading over to his study room. The young potion master was in complete shock and stunned. He just found out that his dear beloved Lily, her sister and along with their children were descendants to Salazar Slytherin, Helga Hufflepuff, Godric Gryffindor, Rowena Ravenclaw, and Merlin. After reading the Will, Petunia seal was removed and released a powerful magic to the walls of the room. She had to be given a few calming draughts and a small block to her magic so it can slowly be release like an eleven year old child would. They checked on Dudley and found out that he had a block but was able to break it by saving his cousin and mother from Vernon. Afterwards it was Harry's turn to heal his curse scar. It was a small ritual where Harry had to stand in the middle with some ancient goblin runes while Nagnok and another goblin chanted the spell in their language. The ritual was a simple but powerful cleansing magic to remove unwanted light magic or dark. The runes will help the wizard by giving them strengthening magic if the unwanted magic would cause the person in pain. When it was finished, a black mist came out of Harry's scar and gave a nasty screech before it fades away. Whatever it was causes the lightning scar to fade away but was slightly noticeable. Severus and Petunia thank the goblins for their services but when they were about to leave young Harry asked the goblin something. "…C-Can you make my last name like my Papa?" After a few minutes later, Severus was holding his adoptive son, Harry James Potter-Snape. Petunia went back to her maiden name Evans as to Dudley after learning in the Wizarding world, she could immediately divorce her no good husband if he was he was not suited to be a parent or guardian. Though Petunia worries if Dumbledore ever finds out it but Nagnok just smirked and told her not to worry. Not soon after, a letter with a copy of the Will of Lily Potter nee Evans was send to Madam Bones. Severus would have to wait for a replay in the morning. Severus looked out of the window and smiled a bit. "Just as always you surprise me Lily…even after death. I just hope that young Harry does not do the same to me…even though learning who he is related to." -Break Line- Me: I will be re-reading the chapters and fix the grammar and spelling the best I can.