she scrambled to get dressed. The terror she felt as Harry recounted what happened. The anxiety of waiting to hear if her husband had lived or not. The relief when she was told he had. Most importantly, the heartbreak she felt when she learned that Draco would have no recollection of the life they had been building together. "I was terrified." She spoke just barely above a whisper. "You've been injured before, but tonight...they took so long working on you, I thought I lost you." A single tear slipped from her eye and Draco reached a hand up, placing it gently across her cheek, it trembling all the while. He wiped away her tear, and looked pained to see her in that state. "I might not remember the last few years Hermione, but wherever my memories stopped, I can tell you right now that I already loved you before then. I know how I am, if I finally had you, there's no way I would leave you without a fight." She couldn't hold it in any longer, she covered her mouth with her hand in attempt to stifle her sobs. Her body shook with emotion. Draco pulled her close to him and hugged her tight, burying his face in her hair. She smelled of lilac and parchment, that he remembered. He held her and let her ride out the waves that were crashing over her. As far as he was concerned, she could stay there as long as she needed. His own emotions were all over the place as it was. He was angry about his memories being gone for right now, upset that the witch cradled in his arms was so distraught. Overwhelmed with questions. Yet even with all of that, he was overjoyed that she was his. When her breathing became more stable, and her cries died out, he pushed her back enough so that he could look into her eyes. "You really love me don't you?" His voice breaking as he asked. She laughed at the question. "When you're not being an annoying twat I do." That earned her a genuine smile from him. "Yes some things never change. Of course I love you Draco. I love you more than anything in this world. You're a part of me now. You're my family. You're my home." He couldn't take it. She might remember the last few years, but for the moment, he didn't. Right now all he remembered was how badly he wanted to tell her how he felt about her. How he knew Weasley wasn't good enough for her. How he might not have been either, but he would have appreciated her more than the weasel did. How he wanted nothing more then to kiss her, even if only once, just so he could know what it was like. How he loved her. How much had his future self told her? Had he told her all of this? Had he told her how he never hated her? How he had always held a certain degree of interest in her. Had he told her how he thought she was the most breathtaking thing he had ever scene at the yule ball? Surely he would have. How else could she love him the way she said she did? He didn't need to ask, he knew she wouldn't object. He pressed his lips down onto hers. She immediately reciprocated without hesitation. She clung to him as if her life depended on it. He deepened the kiss pulling her closer to him. A pleased sigh escaped her as he did so. He knew that he must do this all of the time, but for him it was the first time. He never wanted to let go. She released his lips from hers and rested her forehead against his. They stayed like that for a some time, just holding one another with only the sound of the machines filling the room. "Did Thompson say if there was anything we could to help with my memories?" He asked her. She shook her head in response. "He said it's like a form of amnesia. It's not very common in the wizarding world since it usually happens after some type of brain injury. There are spells that help to stop this side effect when that happens. The faulty obliviate that was used against you counteracted against it I guess. The best thing we can do is keep you to your normal routine as much as possible. Tell you memories of my own, get you back to your normal surroundings. In muggles, their memories sometimes come back like a flood, all at once. Sometimes they come back little by little, but it can also be both." He contemplated over what she had explained, feeling defeated that there wasn't more they could do. A world of magic at their finger tips, yet nothing to fix this. As if she could feel the frustration growing within him, she squeezed his hand in hers. "We'll figure it out okay?" He smirked at her, squeezing her hand back. "Will you stay with me?" he asked. "Are you kidding me? I'm not going anywhere. They stopped trying to kick me out of your room after your third stay here." "Why does that not even surprise me?" He smirked She motioned for him to scoot over, crawling into the bed. She curled up to him, resting her head against his chest. Draco felt as if this was some dream, that any minute now he would wake up and things would be just as they remembered them. Him alone, and Hermione with another man. He decided in that moment as he listened to her breath draw in and out, that as badly as he wanted those memories back, if they never did it would still be okay. He would make new memories for them. The one thing he knew for sure was that he was never letting her go. She was his.