their existence and only when the Silence wishes to once again go to rest a new Original Universe will be created. But nothing will be even remotely similar to how it used to be. For I, Death, Fate and even Silence itself will never be the same... if we even have the fortune to be allowed existence in the New World. I cannot allow that. Fate and I locked the disease inside the so called Pandora Box which must never be released. And the only way to keep it locked is by Magic existing. As long as one single magical being in the world exists, the box will remain unlocked. And you, Master, could have prevented it if you had not taken your own life." "I DIDN'T KNOW MY DEATH WOULD LEAD TO THE DESTRUCTION OF THE WORLD!" Harry answered angrily, a chuckle escaping the dark figure. "I had not thought you so foolish or I would have asked Fate for interference. But now it is too late. And we must be quick or you will lose your chance. It's close to the night of the prophecy. I must send you quickly, it's already late enough! Harry Potter, you will be born in July 31st, 1981 instead as the year of 1980 has already passed." After that it was only a rush of events to Harry. Death quickly grabbed him, sucking his soul out of his body, much like a dementor would, the body of Harry Potter falling on the floor like an empty shell. "FATE, I DEMAND YOUR PRESENCE!" Death quickly shouted. They had lost too much time while conversing, he had not noticed. In 3 days the prophecy would be put into action, meaning less than 5 minutes in Death's realm. He could not let that happen or even the last universe would have no chance of survival. Childish laughter soon echoed through his room. A small girl, which looked no more than 7 years old, appeared in front of Death. Its white dress was fluttering around as she jumped up and down, seemingly happy to finally meet Death. "I want you to allow me to interfere in Universe Alpha7777777." "Why?" Fate asked curiously. "I have no time to explain! I'll make Harry Potter my master of Death for eternity, so grant me my request!" Death quickly explained. "No fun." The child pouted as it played with its long hair. "Fine. But isn't Harry Potter already dead? And as far as I know Alpha7777777 doesn't contain Harry Potter." "You will be happy to hear Fate, for I will send Harry Potter's soul to be born in that universe." "WHAT?! Really?! Another universe where I can play with both at the same time! I hope I get assigned for it, the last one was so much fun!" "You foolish child! You destroyed the Original Universe with your games! We must be quick or the Silence will awaken and it will be too late" "What do you mean?" "You demand from me right now an explanation?! Was the mention of the Silence awakening not enough to convince you that we must act quickly?" "Fine already! I'll send the deathly Hallows to Alpha7777777 then. " she said still pouting at Death's rudeness. Less than a Minute. "Deal!" And with that, Death teleported himself into Alpha7777777, attaching Harry Potter's soul to Lily Evans, awaiting for the next most perfect time for the sperm and egg to come together and create the new body of Harry James Potter. And hopefully this time he won't be so foolish as to kill his own damned Soulmate. With the entrance of Harry Potter's soul into Alpha7777777, just as the Prophecy had been about to be activated, it recognized its true target and quickly switched the prophecy child, the Longbottom family losing their lives that night. - line break- "Impossible!" Dumbledore whispered. He had been so sure Neville had been the child of the prophecy... Had it already been fulfilled? Would Voldemort win this war, would they have no chance! Impossible! There had to be a way! Dumbledore grieved the Death of one of his most loyal Order members and the death of a magical child. Voldemort had won this battle, but they would not allow him to win this war, for letting Voldemort win would mean the destruction of not just the muggle world but the wizarding world alike. They would suffer at the hand of such a dictator, Dumbledore had to take action! - line break - Lilly Potter had been rather sick. Since the Longbottom's death, nobody was the same anymore. They grieved and cried, for one of their closest friends were no longer in this world. However, Lily's illness was becoming worse each passing day. She was weak, magically exhausted. Something was wrong with her. James Potter quickly demanded for Poppy, as his beloved wife was not feeling well at all. After a rather short inspection from the healer, Lily's illness soon became a blessing to the Potters. "I am pregnant..." Lily was 4 weeks into her pregnancy with James Potter's child. They had though Lily infertile, but this seemed to prove them wrong. Lily was pregnant. Lily Potter nee' Evans was pregnant. SHE WAS PREGNANT! Lily jumped into James arms, both of them beyond happy that they would finally become parents! However Poppy had more to say, quickly replacing their joy with dread. "And the child is due in... July." - line break- A/N: Confused yet? Cause this is gonna be a rather confusing story and I hope I'll be able to explain everything in the future chapters with all the universe stuff and shit. Next chappie hopefully some questions will be answered for you, though I can't promise new ones will not arise x3. But feel free to ask me, I might be able to answer some of them without spoiling the whole story. Thanks for reading and please leave me a review. Reviews always motivate a writer to improve ^^