him in the first place. Her heart soared as she watched the young, handsome man she remembered give Crookshanks a pat and went whistling a merry tune to their room to change. That night she fixed his favorite dinner and dessert, after the wonderful meal, when he was nice and relaxed she told him the news, waiting anxiously for his response and relief flooded through her when he kept smiling. That was her first mistake. "What the 'ell did you just say?" His smile was still on his face, but the quiet, even tone of his voice wiped the look of glowing anticipation off her face and a heavy dread consumed her. "I'm pregnant, and it's a boy." She smiled tremulously, hoping for a miracle…but it was dread that quickly overcame the excitement she felt upon coming home from the mediwitch. She held out a photo of very small fetus moving around and a tiny small heart beating. She screamed when Ron exploded out of his chair, heaving the table over, shattering dirty dishes on the floor. Striking the picture from her hand, he viciously cracked the right side of her cheek with the back of his hand. Crying out in pain, she fell to the floor, "Ron, stop! Please!". He was out of control ranting and raving, blaming her for her disrespect of his wishes, calling her a stupid fucking whore, and shouting that he would get rid of the parasite in her belly. He hooked his foot behind her legs and she tumbled to the floor. He now had her where he wanted, he pulled off his belt and she knew what he had planned, but she never imagined the evil and hatred that lurked within him since the War, had finally been unleashed. "Ron, no, no, no, no, NO!" The agony and indignity of the whipping was almost to much to bear, but it paled in comparison to the depravity within him. Her pleading seemed to release the animal that he'd fought so hard to hold back, the bruises and blood sexually excite him. Straddling her, he tore her clothes apart and, looking at the wounds he'd already inflicted seemed to work him into an animalistic frenzy. Hermione pleaded with him to stop, tried to call her wand to her, but the scent of her fear only encouraged him. He yanked on her panties until they ripped, then drove the end of his wand into her, tearing delicate tissue until she bled. He laughed, a course sound without humor, then he mounted her bruised and beaten body and drove into her. Pain exploded everywhere. He grabbed at her breasts and leaned down to bite one nipple, then the other all the while savagely raping her. Each mind has a threshold of what horror it can take before madness sets in. Hermione left herself and it felt as though she were watching this happening on the telly or in a movie, not in reality. She felt a measure of pity looking at the girl, and thought she looked vaguely familiar, just as though if she concentrated long enough, a name would come to her, however the longer she focused the more pain she felt, so she floated away again. When he was finished, he cleaned himself up, whistling a merry tune as though nothing happened, then left, shutting the door with a quiet finality. She was alone and in severe shock when the first flood of fluid and blood began to spill faster from between her legs. No one could hear her when she moaned in denial and grief. Her baby boy had been born…seven months too soon. Call it fortune, or grace, Harry had the day off and decided to visit and have a chat. By the time he discovered her, she was nearly dead. Practically naked, clothes torn, crumpled on the floor, with a broken hip and arm with deep bruising on her belly, back and everywhere else and… a deep puddle of dark blood between her thighs. He disapparated her at once to Hogwarts and sent Hedwig at once to Hermione's OB Mediwitch. Her recovery was lengthy; the internal injuries were so extensive it took all of Madam Pomfrey's knowledge and magic to knit together blood vessels and to heal organs damaged during the rape. A few months later she filed for divorce and it was granted. She used a small loan from Harry, ( She fully intended to repay him, but she knew he would refuse) and found a small, quaint cottage on the beach where she could continue to heal in the comfort of the waves and sea air. Her best friends Draco and his wife, Luna, stayed with her both for comfort, and care. For several days after she refused to eat, she merely rocked in the rocking chair near an open window, and would not speak. Out of increasing concern for their charge, Draco summoned Snape. He came by floo immediately. Shocked by her ashen skin and gaunt face, he did what he could to help tempt her appetite, and every evening he'd sit with her by her window and quietly read aloud. Poetry, the Classics, or the latest who-dun-it, gradually the deep, lovely timbre of his voice became her anchor to the real world. Snape heard her stirring in his room and, pouring a cup of tea, he carried it in to her. She was sitting up, her knees drawn up and her face hidden, sobbing quietly. He put down the tea and sat on the edge of the bed, reaching out with a hesitant hand to touch her hair. Gently he pushed her curls back from her eyes and asked softly what was wrong and then was incredibly surprised when she fell into his arms. Acting by sheer instinct he drew her onto his lap and held her tight as she cried her heart out surrounded by the arms of the man who'd once been public enemy number one.