else. Their months on the run had been even worse of course with both of them fearing for their lives. There had been hardly any time for the two of them to be just friends as they were focused on figuring out Dumbledore's clues and destroying the Horcruxes. The one peaceful moment had been when they had visited his parents' graves. The young wizard smiled warmly recalling the wreath of flowers Hermione had conjured. Standing there in the falling snow, arm in arm, talking to his parents had been one of the most perfect moments in his life. "I'm so glad I got to share that with Hermione instead of someone else," he mumbled aloud. "Bloody hell, what am I thinking!" Harry exclaimed, quickly running a hand through his messy hair. "I mean it's Ron she fancies," he reminded himself, stomping down on the more than sisterly thoughts he was having about his best friend. Harry tucked away the memory, knowing it would none the less make for an impressive patronus when next he needed one. "Right then. I've got enough to worry about without having to think about if I fancying my best friend or not," he said with a mental shrug to shake off his previous thoughts and the blush he felt on his cheeks. Winky appeared with a small pop carrying a tray of food. "Master and Master's Missy Granger would make lots of nice babies," the elf offered as a table appeared, and she set the tray upon it next to Harry. "Winky has no doubt that they would grow up to be powerful witches and wizards just like Master and his Missy Granger." Harry paled wondering just how much of his conversation with himself the elf had heard. Try as he might to prevent it, the image of what their babies might look like suddenly appeared in his head. Brown eyes and bushy black hair that could never be tamed crowned the small face that so much resembled Hermione's that he couldn't help but smile at the thought. Harry hastily shook his head to clear the image. "Yes, well, it isn't likely to happen," he informed the baby loving elf. "She fancies another," he hastily added as he reached for a sandwich from the tray. Winky gave the wizard a look that women the world over have been giving men since the dawn of time when they thought they were being particularly daft. "Would Master be needing anything else?" she asked instead of getting involved. It wasn't her place to inform her master of what he couldn't see right before his eyes. She could see that his Missy Granger was in love with her Master. She might be an elf, but she was also a female and women just know those sort of things. "What do you think I should do, Winky?" Harry asked because he had no clue what to do with himself. His entire life had apparently all been a part of some greater plan engineered by Fate and Professor Dumbledore. Now that he could do whatever he wanted to, Harry found that he had no idea where to begin. There were far too many possibilities for him to choose from. Being an orphan and growing up without anything that could remotely be called normal left him ill prepared to live a truly normal life. "Master should be having lots of babies," Winky instantly replied as if it was an obvious answer. "Winky loves to care for the little ones." To the elf, there was nothing more important or enjoyable as raising babies. "Babies will keep Master busy," the elf assured him. Harry blushed at the thought of babies, and an image of a breathtaking, and very pregnant, Hermione suddenly appeared in his head. Great! Every time she mentions having babies I'm going to think of Hermione now! Harry cleared his throat nervously as any young man of his age would when told to have babies, "Yes, well, perhaps other than that," he suggested. The house elf looked thoughtful for a long moment before glancing about. "Master needs a new home. This one no good for babies Winky thinks." Harry could only chuckle and shake his head in disbelief as the house elf disappeared with a pop . "She's persistent at least," he said with a chuckle. Author's Note: This is a new story (DUH!) but one that has been bouncing around inside my head for a while now. I promise it won't be as angsty as my last one "What the Heart Wants" was, regardless of how this first chapter went. I know basically what will happen already. I say 'basically' as my characters tend to write themselves at times and have been known to write their own story, regardless of what the Muse or I want. This one will be haremish in nature, though I'm not certain just how far down that rabbit hole it will go. For what it is worth, the first four chapters of this are already written. I'll say now that I don't know what the update rate on this story will be as I have a number of other projects running alongside this one at the same time. For those following my other stories, Chapter 20 of "I, Alone" is nearly completed and chapter 21 of the same story has already been started. As I mentioned, the Muse had been rather busy. The only downside is that she has been like a kangaroo on an electrified floor…jumping all over the place. Suggested Reading: All Nights By: Goldy – A nice Harmony story that starts where so many do, on the hunt for the Horcruxes, but don't let that stop you from enjoying it! As always, your reviews are not required, but they are greatly appreciated. Kind Regards, EJ Daniels All characters within this story, unless otherwise stated are the sole property of J. K. Rowling the original writer of the Harry Potter series. (03172015 - 5508)