in his dad's eyes before they hardened and he turned his attention to Scorpius. "Get on the train Scorpius." He said, an almost inaudible shaking in his voice. Scorpius gave his dad a short nod and turned away to board the train. (...) Scorpius dropped down in one of the empty compartments and pulled up his hood. Crossing his arms, the teen leaned his head against the cold window and closed his eyes. His thoughts quickly drifted back to the earlier encounter, which had felt so surreal. Scorpius had wanted to kick and scream at the man, for not being there for the entirety of his life. He had wanted to hex him, for not choosing him. Scorpius had wanted to blame the man for all the nights he'd heard his dad cry silently and all the times he'd had to push away those tears to give a brave smile to the small Scorpius. All this scared the teen. He had thought he didn't care about the man and he had wanted nothing more than to hate him for everything. Scorpius had kept up a brave front, all these years, telling people he hadn't needed the man, that he could do without and stubbornly ignored the painful pang in his guts, every time he said it. With nothing but a touch and a look, all that had crumbled completely. The teen had been just about ready to let it all out in a messy fit, not caring about the consequences of such a public outburst, when his dad had turned up. His dad. How weird and painful it must have been to see him. No doubt he had noticed how it was affecting Scorpius, which was why he had told him to get on the train immediately. Once again, his dad had thought about Scorpius before himself, even in a situation, which undoubtedly was emotionally stressful for him as well. Scorpius made a mental note to write his dad, first chance he got, to make sure he was okay. The boy closed the front door carefully and tiptoed from the hall, dropping his wet schoolbag and torn jacket by the cracked mirror. He sent one glance to the bedroom door, slightly ajar, before stepping out into the cold bathroom. A train drove by, shaking the small apartment, causing the plastic cup to drop from the sink. The boy picked it up and turned on the water. He filled the cup and poured the lukewarm water in his mouth. He winced in pain when the water clashed with his sore mouth. Red water spilled out in the dirty sink, along with a single tooth. The boy cursed and put a finger in his mouth, touching his aching gums carefully. Another tooth gone. He looked into the mirror and found a pale looking figure staring back at him, face covered in cuts, bruises, and a single black eye. " Scorp?" The boy looked up to find his dad in the door, dressed in pajama pants and leaning against the frame as he drew a hand through blonde hair tiredly. " If you were home, why didn't you wake me?" He asked gently and stifled a yawn. Scorpius looked away from his dad, avoiding any eye contact as he answered. " You've been working all night, I didn't…" The boy began, feeling a little embarrassed about his condition. He then felt strong arms close around his small frame and a gentle kiss on top of his head. " I'm your dad love," The man said softly, "I'm first and foremost here for you. I appreciate you thinking about me, but you don't need to worry about me." Scorpius clenched his eyes shut and soon felt a salty tear touch a cut painfully. " Dad," He chocked and looked up at the man, "I'm sorry…" The blonde's eyes widened in surprise when he saw the cuts and bruises in his sins face. " What happened this time?" He asked, worry evident in his eyes, as he kneeled down in front of the boy and took a wet piece of cloth. " They… called you names…" Scorpius answered and let out a small hiccup as tears began anew when his dad started washing the dried blood from his son's face, "They said you were a man whore and…" The blonde gave the boy a sad smile and kissed his forehead softly. He rested his head against the boy's and closed his eyes, drawing a long sigh. " I've told you multiple times Scorp, that's no reason to get into trouble with boys older and stronger than you." He said and opened his eyes, locking them with the boy's clean gray ones. " But it's not fair and they have no right to!" Scorpius insisted, not hiding his frustration. The blonde pulled the boy into an embrace. " No, they don't," He admitted in a small whisper, "but love, you're only five," He said and pulled out a little, taking a good look at his son, "you shouldn't be fighting or concerned about what people are calling your dad, you should be playing carefreely with those your own age." The boy looked down at his fingers fiddling. " Yes, dad." He mumbled self-consciously and looked up at his dad hesitantly. The blonde gave him a small smile and nodded. " Now, sit there and let me get a proper look at you." He said and pointed at the toilet. Scorpius did what he was told and watched his dad, as the blonde took out a couple of bottles from the cabinet he couldn't reach. The magic cabinet, containing all the ingredients to make all sorts ofspecial drinks. He watched, as his dad prepared him, yet another healing potion, bony hands skilfully mixing ingredients and eyes focused, despite the heavy dark shades under them. This wasn't the first time Scorpius came home bruised and battered and it wouldn't be the last. A/N: So, what did you think?