mouth. Her shoulders jerked and she as she leaned forward a high-pitched wail escaped from her throat. Ron watched in alarm as tears found their way through Hermione's tightly shut eyes. Her whole upper body was shaking with the force of the feelings she'd held in for so long...feelings he'd made her hold in. "Oh, God, Hermione, I'm so sorry..." He reached for her across the bed, but she turned away from him. Flinging the covers off she ran into the bathroom, and he heard the sound of her knees hitting the floor a split second before he heard the wet splattering of vomit hitting the toilet bowl. She was still crying, too; the sounds of her sobbing and throwing up made him wonder if she'd choke on something. Slowly Ron pulled away his own covers and padded toward the bathroom, grabbing his wand and lighting a candle on his way. Hermione lay curled in a ball on the floor, wracked with weeping, her fists beating against the tiles. Ron glanced briefly at his own hand, where he had hit the wall earlier, and dropped to his knees beside his wife. He reached for her shoulders and pulled her up, toward him. "Here, sweetheart. Come here..." She had been taking care of him for ten years. Far longer than that, really; she always took care of him and Harry when they were at school, too. She sat up and made to turn into his arms, but at the last second made a dive for the toilet again. Ron knelt up next to her and pulled her hair back while she was sick. He would take care of her now. How could he ever have thought she didn't care as much about Harry as he did? Her grief was making her physically ill. After several minutes of retching and heaving, Hermione collapsed into Ron's arms, shaking and sobbing. He reached up to the sink and managed to fill a cup of water for her one-handed. She took it gratefully and drank, then pressed the cool side of the cup against her forehead. Ron unfolded his legs and leaned back against the bathroom door. He gathered her close, stroking her hair and pressing his lips to the top of her head. "I'm so sorry, Hermione," he said. "I've been so stupid." "No," she mumbled against his shoulder. "You were grieving. You didn't mean to be thoughtless." She sighed, her breath fluttering across his skin. "You're so strong, Ron, even when you're hurting. You don't sit around crying like I do. Sometimes I feel like I don't do anything but cry, even after all this time." "That's not true," Ron said, shaking his head. "You're much stronger than I am. You were so upset it was making you sick, but you didn't walk around being a total prat to the people you love." "No, I didn't," Hermione agreed with a small smile. "Anyway," Ron said, clearing his throat. "I did...you know, cry." "You did?" "Yeah," he said, feeling his ears burning. "Tonight, while I was sitting downstairs. Janie came down and cried with me." Hermione reached up and kissed him on the cheek. "She's a good girl. I think she may have gifts of Empathy. I'm glad you finally cried." She was silent for a few minutes, one finger connecting the dots between the freckles on his chest. "Erm...Ron?" Ron squeezed her. "Yeah?" "I wasn't sick because I was so upset about Harry." He looked down at her. "You weren't?" "Erm...no." She smiled. "I was sick because...because I'm pregnant again." Ron stared at her. "You are?" She nodded. "I know it's not the best day to tell you, but, well, we were here..." Ron drew in a deep breath. "You know, Hermione, I think you're wrong. I think it's a great day to tell me." "You do?" He nodded slowly. "Yeah, I do. It's just the sort of thing Harry would have liked, and it's-" He broke off, swallowed hard. "It's just the sort of thing he gave his life for, isn't it?" Hermione nodded in understanding. "Yes, I see what you mean. So that life could go on, and so that it could be good again. Yes, I think you're right. I think he would like it very much." "Come on, let's get back into bed," he said after a moment. He stood with Hermione in his arms and carried her carefully back into their big bed. He climbed in next to her and pulled her into his arms with some idea of making love to her before she fell asleep. But just as he lowered his head to kiss her, he heard the telltale shuffling of little feet. Ron turned and looked over his shoulder. There was Lily, with baby Ginevra in her arms. "Ginny woke up and we couldn't get back to sleep," she said. Ron turned back and exchanged glances with Hermione. Hermione smiled and held out her arms, and the two girls climbed into the bed between their parents. They had just settled in when the mattress dipped and Molly climbed right up the middle and lay down between her sisters. "Should we go get Janie?" Hermione asked drowsily. "She'll feel left out if she's the only one-" But a little voice cut her off. "Mummy? Can I get in, too?" "Of course," said Hermione, holding up the blankets so that Janie could crawl under. Ron was pushed to the very edge of the bed, but tonight he didn't mind. His long arms reached across the bed to wrap around at least two of his girls. By the light of the single candle, he could see that Hermione's arms were around the other two. Harry would like this. This was exactly what Harry would want them to be doing for his birthday, exactly what he'd died for. "Hermione?" Rom murmured, slightly amazed that he seemed to be drifting to sleep tonight. "Hmm...?" "We're gonna need a bigger bed."