reign in his anger. His wolf growled in response. Remus began to stand up, getting ready to run. From her. From his problems. From the truth. Olivia was having none of it. She found herself feeling sympathy for the creature next to her, and recognised the signs of one fleeing from his problems. She had also spent her entire life running and hiding. She knew how painful it was. And she knew that she could help him. She grabbed his arm and pulled him back down. They were going to have a nice little chat. Remus marvelled at how strong Olivia was, regardless of her petit frame and small stature. He knew that he would not get out of this by force. So he decided that he would scare her into letting him go instead. "Why do you stay? You know what I am. What I can do to pathetic humans like yourself. Save yourself. Run." He snarled at her, letting the wolf show. "Go." Neither moved. Remus, knowing that his attempt had been in vain, sighed. "What do you want from me?" he asked in a defeated voice, as all the fight left him. Olivia, sensing his submission, decided that now was the best time to get Remus to talk about himself. She decided to keep it simple. "How?" After sighing, Remus decided to tell her everything. He explained how his father had angered the infamous werewolf Fenrir Greyback, calling him soulless and evil. How Greyback then retaliated by biting Remus shortly before his fifth birthday. How the family had attempted to keep his condition a secret from a world that would always shun him. How there was no cure that stopped him from suffering an excruciating transformation every full moon. How Albus Dumbledore looked past the monster and saw a talented young boy that would excel at Hogwarts. How his friends learned the truth and accepted Remus for who he was, becoming animagi so that they could keep him company when he transformed. But most of all, how much he hated the monster inside, hated the full moon, hated himself. "Every day I feel so ashamed, which causes me to isolate myself in the library. And every night I come out here to sit by myself and curse the day I was born. My friends are so supportive, but they can never truly understand what it feels like to be the worst thing walking on the earth." Having said his piece, Remus allowed tears to fall from his eyes that held all his self-pity. He turned away from Olivia, who he was sure would now hate him like the rest of wizard kind. He would accept the disgust as that is all that he felt for himself. A monster, a danger, an abomination. Olivia found herself getting irrationally angry. Part of it was her hunger. But most of it watching this werewolf drown in self-pity. Without realising it, she stood up with impossible speed and growled, which caused Remus to jump in shock. Then she begun to speak, allowing her anger to drive the words out of her mouth. "You really believe that you are the worst creature on earth?" She snorted, before continuing. "At least you only become a monster once a month. I don't have that luxury." Olivia showed her fangs to Remus, whose expression of shock had not yet changed. She heard the smallest gulp from him though, and decided that she made it clear that she was a vampire. She continued. "I have to deal with what I am every waking minute. Do you know how hard it is to be surrounded by warm bodies while not being able to quench my thirst? How bad I feel every time I take a life? Of course you don't! Instead you play human without any consequences, knowing that without the full moon you would never hurt anyone! You get to live a full life, while I am stuck at this age for eternity! So don't you dare tell me that your life is horrible Remus Lupin, don't you dare pity the monster in you. Because you don't have a clue what real sacrifice is." Remus did not know how to feel. His brain told him to fear the creature sitting next to him. His heart wanted him to become angry that his self-pity and own problems were so quickly dismissed. But his eyes showed him a lonely young girl with sad eyes, who never asked to be a monster. He realised that he was not alone in this school after all. Unlike humans, these creatures have been forced to see their own demons. The worst parts of themselves. And yet, they survived. Olivia found herself feeling relieved that she was finally able to reveal everything to someone who at least remotely understood what it felt like to be a danger to the ones they loved. She sensed his unease, and quickly explained, "I feel no yearning for your blood, Remus. The wolf does not appeal to me. So you are in no danger." Remus relaxed. "Good." Olivia felt bad about the way she had talked to him before. He had no idea that she was different. She decided to ask, "You know, if you want, I will be here tomorrow. And the next day. And the next day. Cause I don't really sleep. Ever." She turned to Remus with a hopeful glint in her immortal eyes. "If you… if you want someone to talk to… I will be here." Remus could not express how grateful he felt. "Thanks. I will be there." And then he smiled, because what could potentially have been a vicious battle for territory ended up being just a coincidental meeting between two creatures. They spent the rest of the night sitting on that log, staring at the stars, totally at peace with the world. For they were not alone anymore. They had each other. And that's all that matters in the end.