quick to throw her clothes back on – it was freezing – and Severus noted that goddess as she may be, she was still too thin. Still entirely too thin. He wondered when she had grown out of being a gangly, awkward youth and transformed into a woman. He certainly hadn't been there when it happened. They had their first fight on the beach. Typical, Severus thought. She had been tipsy the previous night and entirely too clingy with one of her drinking buddies. Severus hadn't needed to think twice; he quickly dragged her away from the bar and proceeded to berate her on what attitude was proper for women. He had felt like a teacher again, and he was sure she'd felt like another one of his students. Perhaps that was what made her lash out so fiercely. They parted with bad blood. He suspected that she'd only done so because her hand was practically itching to slap him. The next morning he found her sitting on Their Spot. When he came to sit next to her, she handed him a copy of the Daily Prophet. He did not ask where she had gotten it; he glanced down at the front page and read. A face, vaguely familiar from Severus' time as a Death Eater. A name. Her last name. Her father. The man had been killed trying to escape Aurors who had caught his scent and gave chase. A fighter even when the cause was hopeless, just like his daughter. Severus looked over to her, laid the newspaper down on the sand between them. Her eyes were not bloodshot, not puffy. Her hands did not shake. She had not been crying. Wordlessly she stood, threw him a brief smile over her shoulder, and began walking. Severus followed. She was the perfect conundrum. Always had been. There was defiance in her quiet. He had seen her in pain before but had never heard her complain. Not even when the full moon's night was particularly unforgiving. He knew that hers was a different kind of strength. Quiet strength... Little strength. Little strength. When he mentioned said term later in the day, she became indignant, thinking he was insulting her height. The truth was that he had never meant it as an insult; she had come to that insinuation herself. He told her such, watched as her anger bled away in silence to be replaced by something... new. He made it a point to call her by her new moniker as much as possible. He knew that she liked it more than she let on. It wasn't until he was forced to stay the night at her place (she was very drunk, he took it upon himself to ensure she wasn't alone when she woke up with a massive hangover) that he found out about her night terrors. She dreamed of the war. The fighting. Snapping jaws and tearing skin. The scent of blood in the air. Men and women of the same disposition, dead by her hand. She was crying when she startled awake. Severus had never seen her cry before. There was beauty in her pain, in her fear, in the tears streaming down her cheeks. Severus halted the river and brought his finger to his lips, tasted the salt. Images flashed in his mind, her memories of the war, and he had never seen it from a different perspective before. Had it really been that… terrifying? She looked at him. Such pain in the eyes that bore into his soul, pain long stowed away, hidden so she could be strong. A realization came to Severus – no one had ever seen her like this before. He felt his soul splinter and break, shatter, melt, and as he watched her he felt it move and weave into her . Her eyes widened. She felt it too. Gently he maneuvered her back onto the pillows. When she gripped his arm and asked him to stay, he was not strong enough to deny her. He never had been. The night progressed. Neither of them slept. Severus glanced down at the girl – woman, he corrected – in his arms. Little slip of a thing. Fragile. Breakable. But he could feel her heart beating just as his own pounded against his ribcage, strong and in time. He no longer knew which cadence was hers. She shifted against him. Her hair – chestnut, dull and rich and intoxicating at the same time – was tilted backwards, giving way for painfully amber eyes. There was a strange look on her face. Her lips parted and Severus already knew the words that were about to leave them. Yet in the end, her jaw snapped shut. Her mind was racing, her emotions playing out so clearly in her eyes. Recognition, wonder, joy, hesitation, fearful but not afraid and Severus smiled. She did not need to say anything. He already knew and, part of him suspected, so did she. The proof was in the way her lashes fluttered, the way he could not seem to breathe properly around her. He could say anything, he had , and still she stayed. He could not ask any more of her. He kissed her. It was the only thing he could think to do. It felt right – and then after a moment, belated, crawling into his chest, he was falling. Headlong into an endless spiral of awe and gratitude and surprise, pleasant, and joy and hope , brighter than ever, and contentment and shock because how could he be feeling so much and so many all at once? It was the universe exploding into existence, the first gasp of air after a state of half-death. Her hand in his. It was her smile. It was her laugh. In his mind's eye, Lily was smiling. You understand now why they lost their minds and fought the wars, And why I've spent my whole life try to put it into words.