fell through when they tried to sit down but her masterpiece was the enchanted floor." Harry raised his eyebrows and I smiled. "She charmed the floor so that whenever you walked on it the floor would look like it was falling apart. You really looked like you were going to fall down to the floor below!" I started laughing just remembering the screaming from the corridors that morning. "Everyone knew it was us, of course, but your mother managed to keep her name out of it and James was adamant that it stayed that way. He didn't want Lily getting in trouble. The teachers all thought it was clever, though, she we managed to escape detention ourselves." Harry laughed, "I need to figure out how to escape detention…" I smiled wryly at him, "Well, you're not on our level quite yet, Harry." He laughed and took another sip of his water before falling back into his thoughts. "So when did mum and dad actually get together?" Harry asked suddenly. "Ah," I laughed, "that was the beginning of seventh year." " You got what?" I asked, staring at James in shock. "Head Boy!" James repeated, his tone even more panicked than it was moments ago. "How did YOU get Head Boy?!" I asked, laughing. "Gee, thanks, Pads." James groaned, "I'm already worried enough about this. Dumbledore must be off his rocker. I wasn't even a prefect!" I smiled "Come on, James. Dumbledore knows you have a lot of influence with the other students. I'm sure that's why he chose you!" " He should have chosen Moony!" James sighed dramatically and flopped back onto his bed. I sat down beside him and grabbed the letter out of his grip and read it over. "You know he couldn't choose Moony, Prongs." I sighed. James groaned and threw his arm over his eyes. "I know, but it makes so much more sense than choosing me!" " Why are you all worked up about this James? You already know who your Head Girl is going to be." I smiled wryly at him. "Who?" James asked, taking his arm off his eyes. "Our Lily, of course!" I said laughing. James sat quietly for a moment before sitting up slowly. "That's right…" he said, a smile slowly forming on his features. "Dumbledore HAD to make her Head Girl. Maybe this won't be so bad after all!" James lept up and ran downstairs to tell his parents the news and I walked slowly behind him. Somehow, I didn't think it would be bad at all. Lily was, admittedly, shocked when she found out James was Head Boy, but she understood why it couldn't be Remus. She and James actually worked together really well and everyone, even me, could see that there was something deeper developing between them. A month into the new year James suddenly materialized in our dorm. "I'm going to kiss her." He said, raking his hands through his hair, "It's driving me crazy living in the Heads Quarters with her." I smiled knowingly at Remus and Peter as we watching him pacing back and forth, hands pulling his hair into all sorts of bizarre directions. " The whole place smells like her! I can't wake up in the morning without wondering when I'm going to see her! We sit up late at night and study together. SHE WALKS AROUND IN HER DRESSING GOWN FOR MERLIN'S SAKE! I'm going out of my bloody mind!" Moony laughed, "No, Prongs, you're just falling for her." James stopped dead in his tracks. "You think?" Moony smiled and nodded. "Now what are you going to do about it?" " I'm going to kiss her." And he ran out of the room faster than I'd even seen him run in his life. "What happened?" Harry asked. "He kissed her," I smiled, "he came running up to our room an hour later with her over his shoulder screaming that she'd finally agreed to go out with him." Harry laughed, "What?!" "Well, Lily had been turning him down for six years. So when she finally agreed, James got a little carried away with the celebration." Harry laughed. "I wish I'd known them," he said suddenly, "I feel like they were such wonderful people with so much love to give." "They were," I said, smiling sadly. "Your parents were the most wonderful people I'd ever, and will ever, know. Your dad was clever, stubborn, wild, hilarious, and always stood up for what was right. Your mother was, if possible, even cleverer than James, strong-willed, mischievous… and she wouldn't back down from a fight. Ever. She was the bravest witch I've ever met." I smiled up at Harry sadly, "They also had a love that was stronger than I've ever seen… before or since. They would have done anything to protect the other. Their lives didn't make sense if the other wasn't in it anymore." Harry was looking down at the glass of water in his hands. I didn't know what he was thinking but I couldn't leave him for the night feeling like this about his parents. "But they loved you, Harry. So, so fiercely. You made them the happiest I'd ever seen them and that is certainly saying something." Harry looked up and smiled a small smile. "Yeah?" "Yes." I said firmly. "Once they got together, your parents were always laughing… but once you were born, their happiness became something almost spiritual. They gave us all something to believe in. Something to fight for." "Well that's what I'm fighting for," Harry said suddenly, stretching his arms over his head and standing up. I followed suit and clapped my arm on his shoulder as we walked out of the kitchen. 'That's what we're all fighting for, Harry. I'll never stop fighting for Lily and James." Thanks for reading! Please leave a review and I'll see you again soon! Again, anything you want to see? Any story you want me to tell? Let me know!