the fateful gift of a mirror. She enthusiastically opened the gift but was startled into dropping it, causing it to shatter when she saw her reflection. The mirror shards mocked her with her multiplied reflection, showing her shock and fear. She vanished the pieces, but it was too late. Until now, Lady White had been content as the most beautiful in the land, having killed several more women who her mirror begrudgingly admitted were fairer than she. It was thus a surprise when her mirror announced one morning, nearly a year and a half after Chione's disappearance that the witch had been spotted in a mirror, and was thus the most beautiful of all. Regina was enraged, and immediately set about correcting her past mistakes, ensuring the stablemaster's disappearance. She also seems to have decided to take matters into her own hands, perhaps because Chione was already presumed dead, she could not be implicated. Lady White brewed a potion to carry out her evil deed. Disguising herself to look like the ugliest Hag in a nearby villiage, using magic to disguise herself, Regina made her way into the forest where she knew Chione to live. It was there that she encountered the beautiful girl, needing all her restraint from revealing her identity and killing her outright. An apple freely given from the passing woman was a treat Chione could not resist, reminding her dearly of her home where orchards grew many apples, giving Appleby its name. No sooner had the apple, laced with Draught of Living Death touched the young girls tongue before she collapsed in deathlike sleep. Regina happily made her way home before the elves who spent the days gathering potions ingredients and building furniture to sell for food in towns made their way back to the cottage where in an odd reversal of roles, Chione cooked and cleaned for them. Upon discovery of their mistress's body, the elves were overcome with sadness, and out of a final act of gratitude for her care and restoration of their self worth, they built her a glass coffin, for her body was as beautiful in death as it was in life. Weeks passed, and although their mistress was dead, all that showed of her passing was a slightness that seemed to come over her once healthy body. For that was Regina's plan, to have her waste away slowly in sleep as the potion did its evil work. When Chione's young wizard returned, he was bursting with joy as he had finally found the perfect ring to give to his love. Planning to propose after finally gaining permission from his family, not without much struggle, to marry whomever he liked, he arrived to find the elves still mourning for their mistress. Seeing her body, still so well preserved, the wizard was suspicious, but overcome with grief for his love. Insisting he wanted to leave the ring with her as no other witch would be fit to wear it, he removed the glass lid of the casket to place it on her finger. However, as the lid was lifted, her body was jarred, and a bite of apple fell out of the witch's mouth, removing the contact her body had with the potion. Weakened by her time asleep, Chione could barely speak. Overcome with joy, but realizing the implications of what had happened, the elves nursed their mistress back to health under the watch of her new fiancé. Knowing she could never be safe, even deep in the forest, Chione finally agreed to leave with Hyperion Black whom she married quickly and quietly before they returned to his family home near Godric's Hallow, England. Careful to avoid all mirrors, Chione went about obtaining a patent for her truth eliciting potion which she dubbed veritaserum. Upon patent, its first use was in the summons of Lady Regina White before the Wizengamot in 1394. Lady White appeared before the court, not knowing of what she was accused, and after having a cup of tea proceeded to confess to the killings of thirty seven muggles, two witches, and the attempted murder of her stepdaughter on grounds that they were more beautiful than she. Unfortunately, as veritaserum in high doses can be lethal, she succumbed to death shortly after her interrogation and before she could be sentenced. It is unknown whether or not Chione Black knew of the lethal side effects from the potion, or if dosing safety had been established yet. In any case, with her stepmother deceased, Chione went on to live a very public life with her husband Hyperion Black who served as a member of the Wizengamot while she continued to experiment with potions, developing several lesser known and outdated healing potions while raising seven children, all of which attended Hogwarts. To this day, the effects of washing a mirror with veritaserum can be seen in the continued compulsory honesty of Regina White's enchanted mirror which is kept on display in White Manor. It remains the most honest mirror in the land although its link to other mirrors remains largely lost due to the destruction of many of these older mirrors. It is also the most perpetually clean, as veritaserum is the most potent mirror cleaning and preservative known to wizarding kind. Its use is ill advised. Originally I had mapped out a Rose-Scorpius fanfic and this was the sequel... let's be real... Probably never going to have time to write the story of how they got together. But I have a couple of these fairy tales written, and they are kind of fun. I only have a few of these, but I hate not publishing them. Let me know if you like them and I'm open to suggestions for future tales. Each is pretty much stand alone, but I tried to make up some wizarding history/ make up some interesting things about the wizarding world... which I think of things a lot. Up next is Beauty and the beast. Thanks, E!