Marriage Law and a week before NEWTs, Snape asked her to stay behind after a particularly grueling double-period of Potions. When everyone else had gone, she followed him into his office, spine rigid in anticipation. He came to stand in front of his desk. "Miss Beckett... Rhiannon." She shuddered a bit at the way he said her name – almost as if he were trying out the taste of it on his tongue. "Step forward," he said. Hesitantly, Rhia did as he asked, walking forward until she stood in the middle of the room. She felt as though he was assessing her like a pig for slaughter, but his eyes never left her face. "Tell me, Rhiannon ," he sneered. "What do you appreciate about me?" She frowned. "Appreciate, sir?" He only nodded and offered no further explanation. Bemused, she took a moment to gather her thoughts before speaking. "Your bravery, of course, what you did in the War was no small feat. And your intelligence – that's always something a Ravenclaw is bound to appreciate. Your dry humor. Your skill in potion making. And your..." She paled a bit at what she had almost said; she desperately hoped that he hadn't noticed, or that he would just let it slide, but he was not that kind of person. "Go on." He raised an eyebrow and she sighed in resignation. "I... I appreciate your voice, sir." The ghost of a smile appeared on his thin lips. Rhia would have repeated herself if only to see that smile widen, but she was much too embarrassed, because Snape was suddenly there, all too close. "I say," he drawled, "You do have an interesting taste in men, Miss Beckett." Realizing that he was teasing her, she raised her head and glared at him. And there was that smile again. "And what do you appreciate about me, Professor Snape?" "Your tenacity," he replied, never missing a beat. "Your sharp tongue, although at times it makes me want to claw my hair out. Your voice can be quite grating even at the best of times." Another insult, no worse than anything she'd ever heard from him before, but somehow still managing to deliver the heaviest blow. She fought to keep a straight face – and failed, apparently, for his expression shifted into something kinder. She had never seen that before. "And, because I am only a man, after all..." His fingertip trailed across her cheek. "Your beauty." Those were two words Rhiannon had never, in her seven years at Hogwarts, never expected to hear from the dreaded bat of the dungeons. She must have been blushing because then Snape drew back a little bit. "Surely you've been called beautiful before, Miss Beckett?" She shook her head and watched as he pursed his lips. "Dunderheads," he muttered under his breath. A smile tugged at the corners of her lips. "Will I have to wait any longer for your answer, professor?" "Not much longer. I only have one more thing to consider and this will, again, require your full cooperation." "What is it?" He sneered. "Call it an experiment of sorts." Slowly, like she was made of glass, he placed his hand on her cheek, cradling her jaw. His thumb traced the curve of her lower lip and she saw that he was watching it. The air left her lungs all at once. The kiss was gentle at first, barely there, the whisper of a breeze. His lips were surprisingly soft and warm, if a bit chapped. He smelled like... well, he smelled like what the Potions classroom smelled like during the brewing process. But it was familiar to Rhiannon, therefore reassuring. Feeling an abrupt swell of courage, she parted her lips the slightest bit, added the smallest amount of pressure, and then she found what she was looking for. Fireworks. So this is what that compatibility test was about, she mused. Her stomach coiled pleasantly, her toes curled, but at the same time her knees grew weak. Her fingers scrambled for purchase on his thick waistcoat, but by then he was pulling away. Rhia hadn't expected the blank canvas that awaited her; her heart plummeted to the ground. "Nothing?" Her voice broke and she tried to hide it by clearing her throat. He merely blinked, nothing more. Rhia already had her hand on the doorknob when he chose to speak. "On the contrary, Miss Beckett," he said. "That was, in fact, everything ." And just as like that, her heart was soaring again. It was amazing how only a few words from him could affect her so greatly. Perhaps that was how she knew that the Ministry's compatibility test wasn't a total hoax. "I'll come back tomorrow for your decision, sir." She was smiling when she stepped outside, and when she spared a glance over her shoulder to see Snape deep in thought, his thumb absentmindedly trailing over his lips, she knew she had him. A/N: I found a Youtube video of Alan Rickman reciting Sonnet 130 and I just knew that I had to somehow relate that to this fic, which I had begun writing just a few days before I found the vid. It doesn't relate much to the plot, except that the meaning of the poem is essentially summarized in the couplet at the end: "And yet, by heaven, I think my love as rare a s any she belied with false compare." The situation they've found themselves in is far from perfect, and the two of them are far from perfect, but it is still rare and I think Snape, now that he's paid his debt to Lily, in a way, he's free to make his own decisions. Deep down he probably thinks that he could be happy with Rhiannon as well, and vice versa. What do you guys think? Make sure to leave a review! :) P.S. Please do forgive any spelling or grammar errors. I don't have a beta reader.