that Lucius Malfoy's son would be attending school with him. As Hogwarts came into view he could not help but gasp as the towering spires and walls of the castle loomed over him. A small smile crept onto his face as he finally realized that he was here. He had waited since Merry went off and now finally, it was his turn. Things were going to be alright. Hagrid led them out of a small harbor underneath the rocky cliff the school sat upon, and made their way to the castle where they were met by a tall and formidable woman Fawley could only guess to be Professor McGonagall. She briefly lectured the first years on the Houses, and the expectations demanded from them. As she left them in a side room from the entrance hall, he decided she was not one he would want to cross. Waiting in the side chamber was excruciatingly boring, but he masked his impatience and stood in the corner of the room. He could make out Susan chatting to another girl; the bushy haired one who had been following the toad boy, but he himself was not in a talkative mood. He began to look around at the people he would be attending classes with, possibly sharing a common room with. He saw Draco Malfoy standing with two thugs, he watched a tall red haired boy, from the red head family he saw on the platform, whisper to the slim black haired boy who he had seen talking to Hagrid. There was something about him, but he still couldn't place it. He saw the ghosts walk into the room, and was pleased to finally see the Fat Friar, who his grandfather claimed was a distant relative, a reason why the family had stayed religious. He took all this in, analyzing everything. He was not boisterous like his brother or outgoing like his sister, but both of them had used their skills to achieve at school. Edmund knew he needed to use his own skills to succeed by himself. As they were led into the Great Hall, he searched for his siblings faces. Sure enough, Merry and Sullivan Fawley both could be seen watching him excitedly at the Hufflepuff table. Edmund saw his brother whisper something to Cedric next to him, who also gave him an encouraging smile. Before long, he found himself clustered at the foot of the platform where Professor McGonagall had placed the sorting hat on a stool. Waiting in anticipation, some of the first years jumped back a little as the hat burst into song. Oh you may not think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find A smarter hat than me. You can keep your bowlers black, Your top hats sleek and tall, For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And I can cap them all. There's nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can't see, So try me on and I will tell you Where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folks use any means To achieve their ends. So put me on! Don't be afraid! And don't get in a flap! You're in safe hands (though I have none) For I'm a Thinking Cap! Edmund smiled briefly at the song. It was clever, but he doubted many would appreciate the wit the sorting hat employed over sheer entertainment. He watched as Hannah Abbot was sorted into Hufflepuff, followed closely by Susan. He smiled briefly at Susan as she made her way to the Hufflepuff table as Terry was sent to Ravenclaw. While Lavender Brown was sorted into Gryffindor, Millicent Bulstrode became the first sorted into Slytherin. The sorting had made Edmund take a hard think about the House of Serpents. It was not something that they had discussed on the train. In fact, Terry and Susan had avoided talking about them at all. He briefly felt sorry for Millicent as she took her seat among her new house. She would be resigned to a fierce rivalry not only with Gryffindor, but the other two houses. Turning his attention back to the sorting, Tracy Davis, was sorted into Slytherin. Before he knew it, Professor McGonagall was calling from her scroll, "Edmund Fawley." All the nervousness he had pushed out of his system all day suddenly returned to Edmund. He could feel the Hufflepuff table practically brimming with excitement at another Fawley joining their ranks. Forcing himself to walk up the steps to the platform, he turned around and sat on the stool. The last thing he saw before the sorting hat was placed over his eyes was a thumbs-up from Sullivan. "Tricky…" Fawley froze as the Sorting Hat pondered him. "Another Fawley…. But so much more then another Fawley aren't we boy?" The hat went silent as the minutes ticked by. Edmund became incredibly nervous. His mother had been a hatstall, but to be one was incredibly rare. What was worse is he had no idea what other house the hat was debating for him. "Yes, I suppose they could use you," the hat started up again. "Let's go with…. SLYTHERIN." A/N: There ends the first chapter. As I mentioned above, this story aims to experiment with how Edmund Fawley, reacts to the wizarding world in conjunction with Harry and his friends. I don't have any idea of how long this will be yet but suffice to say I am trying to strike a good balance between Fawley's character development and how his actions will affect (or not affect) Harry's.