"Sorry," she murmured, suddenly raising her eyes to meet his gaze. "How can I make it better?" "Hmm, it's a tough question, why don't you surprise me?" Everything clicked in her mind, her frustrations, needs, her jealousy towards Fleur… Tonks smiled at his challenge. She would surprise him indeed. Her hands found the hem of her shirt even as she leaned forward, getting rid of her shirt in one smooth movement, leaving her gravity-defying breasts bare, her lips cracked open. "I might have an idea," she said and captured his hot rod between her lips, an unfamiliar aroma exploding in her mouth as she used her tongue to tease the crown. It took her few seconds to remember the last thing his cock had been. She was still tasting Fleur's juices, mixed with Harry's own seed. She expected to be weirded and disgusted, which was why she was shocked when she felt her core heating up. Then Harry's hands found her head and pressed down, and her attention shifted back to more immediate concerns, like breathing. His cock was barely two-thirds in, but it was already lodged deep within her throat, leaving her to wonder just how Fleur managed to take all of it inside, but she didn't intend to admit defeat, if Fleur could to it, so can she. With that in mind, she used her ability to widen her throat just enough to allow passage of his girth while still managing to be a tight fit. A successful attempt, if Harry's satisfied grunt was any indicator. He wrapped his hand around her hair, pulling harshly as he continued to slip his full length in and out repeatedly. Tonks felt her passion rising every second, enough to push her forward. She felt hungry, too hungry to be satisfied by oral sex, no matter how pleasurable it was. She tapped his leg twice, hoping that he would understand. The pressure from his hands suddenly abated, and Tonks pulled back. A glance showed a concerned expression on his face, so Tonks smiled, and unzipped her skirt, pulling it down with her panties, leaving her stark naked. Harry's smile was back in full force upon seeing there was no issue. Tonks placed her hands on his shoulders and pushed him back, hard enough to force him took a couple steps back, until he found himself sitting in a very comfortable looking armchair. Tonks started the process of taking her own seat, lowering herself to his erection. She pushed down gently until his crown was inside her, stretching her entrance at a level she wasn't used to, enough to send a spark of doubt inside her, unsure whether she would be able to take all of it inside. But again, the spark of competitiveness sparked inside. If Fleur could do that, so could she. With that in mind, she pushed herself down in one smooth motion and impaled herself with his full length, a cry of pleasure escaping her mouth despite her best attempts to arrest it, the pleasure she felt overwhelming her. He reached her chest, but she shook her head negative, and took a hold of his wrists, putting his arms on the sides of the chair. "Keep them there," she said. She had let him be in control enough, now it was her turn. She placed her hands on his chest, slowly rocking her hips, her every motion sending a shiver of pleasure, borne from the thick shaft inside her, stretching her to a limit despite her natural advantages. She kept her gaze on his emerald eyes, his smoldering glare making her even hotter. She leaned forward, her tits just an inch away from his head, and he didn't miss the opportunity. His tongue darted out, drawing circles around her nipples, leaving burning tracks of pleasure behind. Then his lips joined, gently enveloping her nipples, multiplying her pleasure. She could feel pleasure building up. Her hips started to move faster and faster, chasing the climax. She rose towards the top and pushed herself down as hard as possible, the sudden movement finally pushing her to the climax, a messy one that left her a trembling mess. She was glad for Harry's arms wrapped around her body, the only things that kept her from crumbling. Then Harry spoke. "Now, it's my turn again." Without any warning, his arms tightened around her back, and he stood up, lifting her together with him, her legs wrapping around him in panic, his erect cock still inside her. He walked, managing to impale her at every step. Then, Tonks felt the chilly touch of the stone wall on her back but her attention was grabbed by more important things, like Harry's hips moving with a furious speed, slamming inside her again and again, no mercy, no respite, no concern for her shocked cries. And she loved every single second of it. She never felt something like that before, every slam of his thick girth resulting in a condensed wave of pleasure, drowning her mind with pleasure. She lost control of her voice, the risk of being caught only a peripheral concern. If anything, it was making it more pleasurable. She barely noticed when he dislodged and made her turn, only to continue fucking her relentlessly, this time her chest pressing onto the cool stone, the contrast with her burning skin enhancing her pleasure even more. She could feel her climax approaching. "I'm on the potion," she managed to gasp between cries. She wanted to feel her insides being filled with the same torrent that filled Fleur. Then, the orgasm hit her body once more, her juices flowing out of her squeezing tunnel. Her climax managed to trigger one in Harry, and she felt a torrent of hot seed filling her core. Once again, Harry's arms were wrapped around her, keeping her from falling down, her thoughts losing her coherency. But one thing was sure, she was quite glad she had decided to check that sound…