she plopped a few of each into the tub, swirling the water with her hand. Placing her wand to the side of the tub, far enough from water droplets, but close enough to grab in a hurry, Opal eased herself into the tub. Steam curled up and onto her legs, then her torso, until everything but her head was submerged. Her hair was heavy with water as she pulled and tugged at the curls to wash them. It was a difficult task, but magic made it easy. Easy unlike the rest of her life. Arranged marriages weren't unheard of in the pureblood world. Opal knew about them and she was under the impression that she wouldn't have to worry about such things for a very long time. Sure, she could of been arranged with a horrible wizard with a crooked nose and warts. Draco wasn't half bad, he wasn't unattractive even though his hair was a bit too shaggy and his personality was a bit too cocky, she could have it worse. Yet, she felt betrayed. Opal didn't like how her father went behind her back and didn't even ask her mother about the arrangement. Blowing a stray curl out of her face, she sat up out of the water. Exposing the blotchy red skin and bony structure. Opal ate far more than a girl her size should, but no matter what it would seem that she never gained weight. She had long since stopped fretting about such things, her metabolism would surely even out as she got older. Grabbing two towels to dry off as she departed from the tub onto the soft rug. Her toes wiggled into the fabric as she rubbed herself up and twirled her hair up with her other towel. Opal reached and placed on the seafoam green silk robe and walked out the room, grabbing her wand in the process. Yawning, she trudged to her closet and grabbed a nightgown of the same likeness of the robe. Discarding the robe, she pulled on her nightgown and crawled into the large comfortable bed. "Nox," she muttered and the lights went out, plunging the room into a dark abyss, save for the moon that barely filtered through the her body into the several layers of quilts and sheets, she delved into her perfect dreamland. June went by rather quickly, Opal acquainted herself with the house. Exploring all that she was allowed to and memorized every bit of it. That took a week and then she went outdoors, sometimes Narcissa walked with her showing her around several gardens and even a hedge maze. Opal never let her smile falter even though her eyes remained vacant as her mind tumbled through an obstacle course. A culture shock grasped at Opal and paralyzed her at dinners full of food she never had the audacity to try in America. However, she kept her mouth closed on such matters and ate what was put in front of her and deal with her upset stomach later. A proper drought would cure her of her ailments, but that would expose her unready body. July was slow, thankfully there were no dinner parties that Opal was needed for. She was grateful towards her hosts, she wasn't sure she could handle the attention. The poking and prodding she would receive from other families, other suitors who would have to be turned down. Draco from Opal could tell would excuse himself early on from the dinners and retreat to his room. The two had barely spoken to each other, they didn't call it ignoring each other, but any words that were exchanged were tense and short. Narcissa and Lucius didn't notice as they kept up appearances around their little kingdom but, they were always cordial to Opal and even walked with her, offering their own silence or creating small talk when they noticed she needed to talk to someone about anything and everything. August was finally here and they were a good two weeks in when a large common barn owl flew in through an open window reserved for owls in the family sitting room. It was a decently sized room, full of imposing bookshelves and chairs. A large marble fireplace and several tapestries. The entire group was strewn about the room. Everyone in more casual clothing, Opal wore a soft green dress made of flowy sheer material. Her shoes dangled on her toes as a book was propped up on her hands as her eyes lazily dragged across the words. All four pairs of eyes examined the bird as it dropped two letters onto a silver platter and flew right back out the window. Opal's eyes stared curiously at the letters. The owl was unfamiliar and Draco's bored gaze made her interest peak even more at what the letters had in store. Author's Note: Wow, this story is going to be incredibly fun to write. First chapter down and a bunch to go, Opal and Draco are in store for a lot of crap. As a disclaimer I do not own anything from the Harry Potter universe except for my own OC's and separate plot, everything else is from J.K. Rowling the genius that she is! This one book will cover all of Goblet of Fire alllll the way into Deathly Hallows. A second book will be made detailing the life after. I will be staying to the books because it is what I have readily available to use. For now this series will have a once a month update, but every chapter will be long so don't worry! Once I get a good chapter bank going, you will get more updates within certain months! As always any questions or comments? Please review, favorite, and follow! Love Always, Elleta Marie P.S. This is all going without a Beta so please excuse any mistakes, if you find some please copy and paste and put it in a review so I can take care of it pronto!