a slight spring in it." I took the wand and waved it in, what I thought, magnanimous fashion. Black smoke poured out of it but before it could cloud up the shop the wand was out of my hand and back on the shelf. Ollivander hurried into the back and I looked back at my parents who were watching me with bemused smiles. I shrugged and my mom let out a small giggle that might have had a tinge of hysteria to it. Ollivander quickly hurried back and presented me with another box saying, "This one is Yew, with a core of Dragon heartstring. Thirteen Inches and rigid." I took hold of it and the roiling mass of something that I'd felt upon grabbing McGonagall's wand was there all over again. This time though I could reach out and grab it, and it roared through me, suffusing my body with warmth. I could feel it go down my arm and through the wand and the wand, my wand, emitted green and gold sparks. They cascaded down around me and I stood there stock still with a stupid smile on my face as Ollivander clapped his hands saying, "Bravo. It seems we have found you quite a match, Mr. Cooper." I grinned as I carefully set my wand back down in the box and took it from his hands. He began to talk about my wand, "Yew is a curious wood, a symbol of life, death, and rebirth." I nodded sagely, "The circle of life." Ollivander looked pleased with my comments and his smile widened, "Yes. Exactly. The combination of Yew and Dragon Heartstring is a powerful one. Yes, and thirteen is quite a powerful number, magically speaking. I believe we shall see great things from you and your wand Mr. Cooper." I grinned and shook his hand again as he said, "That will be 7 galleons, Mr. Cooper." My father came forward to pay and also shook Mr. Ollivanders hand and then we left. Mom and Dad carried most of my packages while I cradled the box that held my new wand in my hands. Professor McGonagall smiled when she saw me and said, "I believe that is the last of it." I nodded vigorously and I could hear my dad heave a sigh of relief. We followed McGonagall back to the Leaky Cauldron and it was there that we parted. She gave me my ticket to the Hogwarts Express, along with instructions about how to get onto the platform, and a pamphlet that is given to all muggleborns detailing important aspects of the Ministry of Magic and Hogwarts. August passed quickly and when September 1st rolled around I practically had to drag my parents out of bed and into the car. Dad grumbled, "It's like Christmas morning, except it's us that have to drag you out of bed." I shrugged and flew around the house in a whirlwind, grabbing my trunk and running out to the car as fast as my short legs would carry me. I'd had everything packed for a week and my impatience knew no bounds. It was only 10 o'clock when we pulled into King's Cross station. Dad grabbed a trolley and put my trunk onto it and I held mom's hand as we walked into the train station. My parents were dubious about walking into the pillar between platforms 9 and 10 but it only took a little persuading on my part and we were soon staring in awe at the Hogwart's Express. The platform wasn't full yet, it still being an hour before the train left, but there were still a good amount of people getting on and off the train and milling around the platform. Robes and pointy hats mixed with more normal clothes and swirled around each other. I turned and hugged my mom saying, "I'm going to miss y'all." Boarding school had not been an experience I'd had in either life. College the first time had been a bit like that, but I'd been able to go home anytime I felt homesick. At Hogwarts I'd be stuck there until Christmas. My dad chuckled, "Better watch the accent son." I flushed. I only affected a southern drawl to screw with the kids at school, most of the time I spoke normally, albeit without the British accent. It did however, come out sometimes when I didn't mean it to. This time though I grinned at him and drawled out, "Don't worry Pa, I'll show these Brits how a southern man does it." He ruffled my hair and said, "That's my boy." I turned back to mom and she leaned down and pressed a kiss to the top of my head, "We'll miss you too Michael. Write us lots of letters. I won't believe that owls carry wizarding letters until I see one with yours." I grinned and hugged her again, "Definitely." In short order I had packed my trunk onto the train and into a compartment and my parents had left. As I sat in the compartment by myself I bounced up and down excitedly. As a kid the first time around I'd always wanted a Hogwarts letter, and now I'd gotten one. Then it hit me. Harry Potter went to Hogwarts in 1991. I was going to Hogwarts in 1991. Tons of crazy things including a wizarding civil war had happened while Harry was at school, and now I would be there with him. I felt so stupid at not thinking about it before. I must have been caught up in it all, the magic, the possibilities, a whole new world. I was suddenly reminded of the fanfiction that I had read in my past life. Didn't this happen in a lot of those stories? I sat in the compartment and had an internal panic attack for five minutes, followed by another ten of furious thinking. It all culminated in a sigh before I muttered to myself, "I am so fucked."