or a brag in a quiet corner and classified information flooded the internet. He was perfectly happy with some leaking, after all the terrifying reputation of the SAS came from their operational history. However, even if he had to send some of his shadier men after the tank-chasing lawyers, he was going to have the investigations into his men shut down and the phantom of trial by hysteria banished. If one of his men did commit a war crime, it was something that Harry would handle himself. It was a man's duty to shoot his own dog if it went rabid. Absolute discipline was necessary when you led a band of somewhat renegade veteran soldiers. That said, it didn't mean that there weren't times when he'd been tempted. Majar-al-Kabir, where he and a team of about a dozen SAS men backed by the Parachute Regiment had suffered significant injuries trying to extract six Royal Military Police in the early days of the Iraq War. He had counselled Lamb to call in Fast Air and raze the town to the ground like they did during Barras, and salt the earth. "Deep thoughts?" asked Jock as the others headed off to go and do their jobs. "Mmm. I've been concentrating too much on fighting wars. I need to turn my eyes back to Hereford and the men." Harry sighed, explaining his thoughts; "I don't know if you've heard about the law firm that's almost spamming the MoD with cases against serving soldiers. It's gutting the morale of the soldiery and even the UKSF men are becoming hesitant to take action without some kind of reassurance that they won't get locked up for a few centuries for kicking someone's door in." "How could I not hear about it?" growled Jock; "It's spread across the fucking Guardian. Someone needs to shut them up before they crush the spine of the armed forces." "It's something I'll be working on Jock." Harry sighed; "Something I probably should have nipped in the bud years ago." "Years ago you were in the shit as much as the rest of us, just one more poor bastard trying to keep his head from being blown off by some cunt with a Kalashnikov." Jock snorted in contempt; "I heard a quote by one of the tank-chasers. It essentially went that Britain was the most democratic nation because the taxpayer, through the government, was paying him money to attack our armed forces." "You know, if I had the opportunity to go back in time, I think I'd go back to the 1890s, join the Royal Navy and stop Britain becoming an, at best, second rate country." mused Harry; "Look where we are, our allies are the ever-renegade Israel, the Saudis who are undoubtedly funding extremist Islamist organizations, the Turks who go with the highest bidder, the Americans with their oil obsessions and jumping at shadows in the night." "God we're fucked." Jock moaned. "Aye, I'd say Britain's been fucked since the Washington Naval Treaty in 1920, or maybe even further back, when the concept of the big gun battleship was first proposed." Harry agreed; "It doesn't matter now though. We can but try our best to claw a foothold where we are, rather than falling even further." "So, what to do?" asked Jock. "First step, the orders I gave. Second step, I've already sent out instructions to men in my employ to rebuild RAF Madley as an operational airfield with capability for Special Forces operations." Harry explained evenly. "I think I may also see about sowing the seeds of chaos in Whitehall. I also need to expand UKSF transport capability significantly." "We need more Hercs, too many are on duty with other units, or off duty undergoing maintenance and repair." Jock grimaced. "I can get us twenty H-model C-130s." replied Harry; "Not quite as new or good as the Js, but they're undergoing a big rebuild to give them extra hours and more modern equipment, and more than double the assignment of Hercules to the UKSF and up the RAF's total from thirty-eight to fifty-eight airframes." "That'll be a very useful, and major, increase in our capabilities. No more waiting for an aircraft to be available." Jock noted; "It won't change the fact that the loadie is the most hated of all breeds of airmen." "Heh, if only we had access to genuine loadies. The RAF's manpower is fucked, I'm using my own men for this." Harry shook his head; "So it's good either way. We don't have to suffer the militant wing of British Airways, but we still get the Hercules." "We also need more equipment on the ground." commented Jock bluntly; "We need heavy machine-guns, we need more gimpys, we need Charlie-Gs, we need mortars, we need vehicles." "I can get the former pretty quickly, as long as people don't mind using some Yank M60s and Spandaus, I've already tried getting more MAGs, and the factory is churning them out at maximum rate for other countries." Harry shrugged; "And before you ask, BAE have already stopped producing the L7, fullstop. As for mortars, I've got about a hundred of the American M252s, which are a license-built version of our L16s. I can dig out a few hundred Carl Gustavs. As for vehicles, I can get hold of more transports for use back here, but for war zones they'd be no use." "That'll be a start. There's equipment back here that would be of use in war zones, if we can replace it with non-crucial gear, then we can actually utilise it." Jock agreed; "We just need to work out how to get a shitload of ordnance safely to Hereford." Harry just smirked, looking around him. "Funny you should say that..." Harry commented, looking at the ploughed fields around them, planted with winter barley. "You remember when we were all convinced that when I was asked to hand over command of the SAS that I was going to be retired..?" "Aye?"