sigh. "So what's the big emergency that it couldn't wait until morning?" "I fucked up," he says without any preamble. Whatever façade he had up before now has totally dropped, and he looks at me totally desolate. The change is startling, and to be honest, I'm shocked. And Robbie doesn't shock me much. "Did you get someone pregnant?!" I demand. "No," he mumbles. "Are you still going to graduate next week?" "Yes," he answers. "Then it can't be all that awful," I say with some optimism. He runs a hand through his hair, mussing up his already windblown dark brown locks. "I signed two quidditch contracts, one with Kenmare, and one with Falmouth…" "You did WHAT?!" I shriek, startling more than a few nearby birds as my shout echoes through the night sky. "That's even worse!" "Falmouth offered me first string left wing back in March, and the deal was too sweet not to take it! I signed a two year contract and was going to tell mum and dad over break. And then everything with Davie's team winning the cup before he got traded to Puddlemere, I didn't want to bring it up and distract from either of our victories, so I was gonna let them know at graduation. But then Kenmare offered me first string center chase… and… I signed that one too… and… I'm royally screwed aren't I?" I watch as he despondently lets his head fall into his lap. My brother has managed to get himself into a right pickle. "I think your career is over before it's begun. Dad's going to… it's going to ruin us all you know… going back on a contract. Where are you going to get that kind of money to buy out?! What were you thinking!?" "I don't know!" my twin shouts back at me. "Look! I wasn't! I was thinking... fuck! Kenmare, my favorite team my entire life, offers me even more money to play my favorite position first string, on a team that is a shoe in to at least make the playoffs, if not win it all for the next several seasons!" "This is going to destroy dad, absolutely destroy him," I whisper again. I'm unable to think beyond the fact that this is the most monumentally stupid thing my brother has ever done. And I mean EVER . "How much would it cost you to buy yourself out?" I ask. Usually it's about half the value of the contract. "Two million," groans Robbie, throwing himself against the chimney. "STUPID… STUPID… STUPID…" I think I'm going to throw up. Two. Million. Galleons. My dad's a retired professional quidditch player and coaches now, but that's a ridiculous amount of money. If dad had to pay it off, well Robbie will be paying dad back for the rest of his miserable life (since he won't be able to make his money playing quidditch and will likely have to take a job as a janitor at the ministry or something awful!) It's also going to destroy dad's dream of ever saving up enough money to buy into management. In fact, forget that… dad will probably be fired as well… laughed out of the business since his son can't keep a contract. "Did you accept the second string position with the cannons yet?" asks Robbie, and since this is nearly completely off topic, I'm a little thrown (in my family, playing quidditch and the many different teams have all been ruled different topics). "Not yet," I answer without thinking. "No…. no… no, no, no, nonono!" "Please, I signed my name O Wood! Livvie- you can play for me… you can't tell me you're excited about being offered a second string position with the bloody Cannons…." I cannot believe my brother. "I can't just pretend to be you! That would be totally unethical… besides, what are they going to do when they realize that you are playing for the other team! I can't believe you didn't learn anything from fourth year!" I counter. "It's not like you haven't done it a million times!" he protests. "And, I already thought that part out. I'll make some big stink about going by a false name for my first few years, building my own name for myself, without dad, some rot. Besides, I signed the contract O. Wood… It won't technically be a violation of contract. The Falcons will be lucky to have you…" "You're just forgetting one little thing…" I snort, even though I know snorting is unladylike. "What's that dear sister?" asks Robbie. He thinks I'm caving. "The Falmouth Falcons are an ALL MEN'S TEAM!" I exclaim. Once again disrupting the local wildlife. "As if you haven't impersonated me a hundred times. Look, if it gets out that I double booked myself… well…. It will probably ruin both of our chances for a career in quidditch faster than you can say quidditch. Besides… if anyone got that suspicious just remind them you have a twin. Nevermind that my twin's a girl, people don't pay attention to that. Besides… you looked enough like a boy until we were about, what, fifteen? Sixteen? Whenever, you decided to grow tits…" He so did not say that! "I did not DECIDE to grow tits! And what do you mean I looked like a boy!? If this gets out that I participated in this charade it will definitely ruin both of our careers! Definitely ! I Enjoy your future working for quality quidditch supplies… as their stock boy!" Summoning my broom from my closet in my room, I manage to storm off, the effect only slightly ruined by my delay on the other side of the roof while I wait for my broom to arrive. "It's a left wing chaser position! Your favorite!" he calls after me. So there's the first chapter! Hope you enjoyed it! Keep an eye out for the next chapter! Thanks so much for reading and reviewing! Let me know what you think! Ellie