shoulder, returned them to his side. "Well, there you have it. That's why I don't... That's why I don't like to be around you. You remind me of everything that happened, everything that's wrong with me." His eyes were soft again. They were like that a lot, she realised, when he wasn't grinning like Christmas had come early. She was still uncertain as to whether it was a good thing or not. "But there's nothing wrong with you, Ginny," he told her. Her face twisted. "You don't – you don't know that! He – I'm tainted , Colin. Tom destroyed me, made me do things you can't just walk away from. He will never leave me alone and as long as that's true, there will always be something wrong with me. Merlin, I was possessed by You-Know-Who – how can you expect me not to be messed up?" "What – but I thought – " He cut off. "Tom... Tom's You-Know Who?" His voice crept to a falsetto. At her stiff nod, he exhaled a long breath. "Jesus." Swaying dangerously, his hand darted forward, grabbing onto her for support. All colour was drained from him. "Now do you see?" she asked. "I'm not clean, Colin. And you – you are. You're so – innocent and pure and whenever I see you… I remember that I'm not." He was silent for the longest time. She could almost see the gears in his head turning, grinding against each other in an effort to process it all, to finally understand that Ginny Weasley was a lie. Whatever face she put on – cool, vivacious, feisty as hell – was all a veneer, an effort to hide the little girl who still couldn't believe that her best friend had betrayed her. His hand clutched onto hers, his pulse raced as fast as a Firebolt. "Bollocks." Ginny frowned. "What? You did just hear what I told you, didn't you?" "Yes, I did. And I think it's all bollocks. I don't care how bloody innocent or pure I am, Ginny, no one deserved to go through what you did and the fact that you survived it and that you're still as – still as – wonderful as you are says something. No, I'm not talking about whatever front you put up. I'm talking about this , what I see right now – and let me tell you, what I see is amazing. You're not dirty or unclean, Ginny. You're a survivor." "You only think that because you don't know…" "I don't need to," he interrupted firmly. "I'm not going to lie and say what happened didn't leave a mark on you because it clearly did. But I'll be damned if I let you to bed thinking that he – he ruined you, made you dirty, that he still controls you." Her lips were only a hairbreadth apart. "He does." "No, he doesn't! And you know how I know he doesn't? Because I heard what you did this summer, Ginny Weasley. I know you snuck off to the Ministry with Harry and his friends and I know you fought bloody Death Eaters. You did the opposite of what Tom wanted, you helped Harry! You defied him." He paused, breathing heavily. "Maybe you're not innocent. Fine. Not everyone is. But you sure as hell are not unclean." Later, Ginny wouldn't be able to recall who moved first. Perhaps she was embarrassed by it, perhaps she just didn't understand. But as Colin pressed forward with earnest eyes and earnest words, her brain short-circuited. It was as if a switch flicked – she was suddenly all too aware of how much she enjoyed butterscotch, of the boyish part of his hair, of the bronze lashes that brushed his cheeks just shy of the spot of ink that obscured one of his freckles. She surged forward, her mouth colliding against his, seeking more of the strange feeling he was pumping into her. He stumbled back, sucked in her breath in shock… and then kissed her back. Surely, she was insane. After all, that was the only logical explanation for kissing Colin Creevey in an empty classroom in the middle of the night. But, for the moment, she decided that sanity could go suck on it. Yes, she was there in Colin's arms, kissing him like he was the last drop of oxygen on earth, like she wanted to consume him because, even though he knew her for what she truly was, he hadn't turned away, hadn't fled in disgust. He was there, kissing her back, chapped lips moving against her own as if he'd been waiting for this for eons. Necessary. His camera dug into their chests, sharp and unwanted. Snarling, she tugged it over his head and tossed it onto a nearby desk. This was necessary. His shirt, his jeans. Her gown, her shift. Off. Clean. His mouth blazing across her collarbones. Her head tipping back, crimson hair cascading down her bare back. Breathless gasps steaming the air. He thought she was clean. Her hands tracing a path down from his navel. Muscle and sinew trembling under smooth skin, as golden as the sun. An artist's body. Wanted. "Gin – Ginny… are you sure? Do you really think we should…" She was wanted. "Yes." # # # In the end, it turned out that she didn't love Harry after all. She'd merely loved the idea that someone out there was just as tainted by Tom as her, that there was someone she could look at from a certain angle and see the shadow of the boy who had promised her everything and had then tried to steal it all back. She'd been in love with the fact that Harry had his ghosts too. But standing there outside the Shrieking Shack, knee-deep in snow, staring at the boy who had held her in his arms all night, she considered that maybe, just maybe, she was in love with Colin too. fin.