Cho as his fingers slowly caressed the surface of Lavender's slit, making her squirm in her seat as pleasure slowly started to rear its head. He could feel Lavender's increased heartbeat on his skin. Then, plastering a small, neutral smile on his face, he turned his attention back to the table, aiming for some small-talk. But he quickly noticed that his attempts to small talk were doomed from the start. The other males on the table were all looking at Fleur with their best impression of goldfish, Roger even drooling a little. Hermione was missing, probably bored from her date's non-existent conversational abilities. Fleur was looking at him angrily from time to time, but otherwise sitting still, her attention mostly on her food. That left Cho, the redness of her face indicating she was aware just what was going on under the table. Harry flared a little smile towards her, letting his fingers slip inside Lavender for the first time, her hotness enveloping his skin. Lavender gasped loudly, not expecting the sudden penetration. "Are you okay, Lavender?" he said, fake concern in his voice. "Yeah," she managed to stammer. "It is just too good!" She stopped for a second, noticing Cho was looking at her with a shocked expression. "The food," she added, in her mind, addled with pleasure, she was unable to realize just how unconvincing she was being. "Good to hear you enjoy... your food..." Harry said, letting his fingers quicken a little in their repetitive movements. Less than a minute later, the outside world disappeared for Lavender as she stood still, her eyes closed, trying to contain pleasure invading her whole being. Realizing Lavender lost all comprehension of the outside world, Harry decided to follow up with a move even more daring. He pushed his leg forwards a little, slowly rubbing to Cho's calf. He saw her jerk in surprise. Then she turned towards her partner, hoping to spur him into an action. "Cedric," she said, only to get no response. She reached towards his shoulder, shaking him a little while repeating his name, only to receive a dismissive grunt. Harry enjoyed watching as the anger getting clear on her face, shocked by the fact that her partner wasn't even deigning to look at her for a second. Harry let his leg rub on her leg once more, expecting her response to be much different this time... Cho was seriously contemplating to murder his date. Here she was, asking for help, only to rebuffed because her date was busy ogling a French Slut. Even digging her fingers to his side failed to elicit little more than a dismissive grunt. Then she felt something touching her leg once again. She turned towards him, desiring to unleash her anger on him, but when their gazes met, she felt herself being captivated in his confident gaze, her anger suddenly shadowed by another emotion. Her lips curled into a smile as a way to take revenge appeared in her mind. She let her foot free from the stiletto she had chosen in order to spark some action in her date, her lips curling into a sultry smile almost unconsciously, as she let her foot met with his leg, slowly climbing towards his muscular thighs. But she was unprepared to the sudden flare of excitement in her chest, eclipsing even the most heated snogging session she had with Cedric. She didn't know the reason for it. Maybe because it was Harry, or maybe because she was doing something that would spell disaster if they get caught. But as her feet climbed upward, her sole unexpectedly met with Harry's hard, throbbing manhood, and the questions in her mind lost their importance. She could feel her ears reddening like a steam engine, as the things escalated to an unexpected level. Even with the Cedric, they limited themselves to some heavy petting while keeping the clothes on. For a moment she considered pulling her leg back, thinking that the things escalating to an uncontrollable point, but a look at her boyfriend, still looking at Fleur like a lost puppy, was enough to convince her to continue. Her foot started to glide up and down, feeling the shape of Harry's shaft under her sensitive soles. The way his cock was twitching causing unexpected small tremblings of pleasure, slowly building into a crescendo... Harry was feeling like king of the world. Lavender was trembling and shuffling under his touch, her pleasure filled moans getting harder and harder to suppress. Meanwhile, Cho's face filled with a single-minded determination as her second foot joined the first, sandwiching his cock between, slowly rubbing. Then he felt a tugging in his mind, another lurch from Fleur's allure, this time much stronger. He felt a sudden anger flaring inside, touched by the blatant mental manipulation Fleur was trying to push. But outside, he just smiled serenely at her for a second before dismissing her completely, knowing that being dismissed would hurt her ego much more than anything else he might do. Though, he surmised, as his fingers disappeared into Lavender completely, again and again, he needed to thank her. Without her distracting other occupants of the table, he would never be able to act as freely as he was doing, not to mention the unexpected bonus from Cho. He let out a smug smile as his thumb found Lavender's knub, slowly circling it to push Lavender over the edge before the dinner was finished, her blissful expression indicating it was pretty close. A minute later, Lavender suddenly shuddered, a deep moan escaping from her lips. Harry locked his eyes with her eyes, smiling, as his fingers still dancing inside her warm folds as she rode the shudders from her orgasm. He let his hand fell back towards her toned thighs, giving her a moment to rest as he listened to her silent gasps and moans, Cho's feet still around his shaft, rubbing gently. The ball was shaping much better than he imagined…