when she could finally think the time again, it hit her that they'd never had a funeral for Marlene. They hadn't really been able to… the fucking bastards that murdered her had set the house on fire and… James had, she'd noticed that morning, found the unfinished letter to Marlene that Lily had been working on the day they'd found out. It wasn't on her desk anymore. He might have binned it, but she was sure that he'd just stashed it away somewhere. She'd probably never be ready to read it, but maybe it would be nice to have. A record of their friendship or something. Proof that Marlene had actually once existed. It felt, almost, like Marlene was still around, like Lily could look up any moment and see Marlene's owl clicking it's beak, annoyed, at their kitchen window, or like Marlene herself would just show up, her loud laugh filling their house as she and James tried to teach Harry how to play every quidditch position under the sun. She knew, logically, that Marlene was gone, but she found it so difficult to accept it, to move on, to believe that her best friend was actually, honestly gone, that she would never hear her voice or see her face or anything, anything ever again. Her entire world had shifted on its axis, and she didn't even have any proof that it had happened. A funeral probably would have broken her, but at least she would have gotten to say goodbye. Lily shook her head to clear her mind and wiped away a stray tear. She closed her eyes for just a moment, took a deep breath, brought herself back out of her thoughts. She was sitting at the kitchen table, cup of tea in hand, watching Harry scoop porridge into his mouth, a look of intense concentration on his little face. She smiled softly at James as he walked in, his hair still wet from the shower, chuckled when he leaned down to kiss her and some water dripped down onto her face. "Good morning, love," he said, smiling, kissing her softly again, before he turned and pressed a kiss to the top of Harry's head, "Good morning, Harry." "Dada!" Harry slammed his porridge-filled spoon down onto his tray, splattered porridge all down his front. James chuckled, "You eat the porridge, mate." He mimed eating and Harry beamed, scooped up another bite and stuffed it into his mouth. James ruffled Harry's hair, walked over to grab a mug from the shelf, lit the fire under the kettle. 'Your son seems intent on making himself as messy as possible this morning,' Lily said, her voice light. It was always that way around Harry, something that she made sure to do so that Harry didn't end up completely traumatised despite growing up in the middle of a bloody war. It had been harder, over the past month, to maintain the softer, less anxious tone she strove for, but it hadn't been feeling so forced lately. James laughed as he grabbed some bread from the cupboard and began toasting it, 'My son? Why's he always my son when he's making a mess?' Lily took a sip of her tea, cocked an eyebrow at him, 'You're really asking me that?' James scoffed, took a bite of his toast. Lily smirked at the crumbs now covering his chest and James sighed, walked over and ruffled Harry's hair again. 'We're too cool to stay clean, right mate?' Harry banged his spoon on the tray again, 'Dada!' James sat down next to Lily at the table, reached over and took her hand. She wasn't sure how he knew that she needed it, but he always knew, and she was glad that he had the ability to read her mind. She squeezed the hell out of his hand, but James didn't seem to mind. He just rubbed his thumb soothingly over her knuckles. It amazed her that she was able to even breathe sometimes, that the grief that rolled over her hadn't knock her flat and crushed everything out of her. It could have, easily, but James was always right there to pull her back to the surface. Some days, she still felt like she was barely treading water, but those days were getting fewer and further between. She squeezed his hand just a bit tighter in thanks. They sipped quietly at their tea for a few minutes, and Lily laid her head on James' shoulder, watched Harry smear more porridge into his hair than he managed to eat. James turned and pressed a kiss to the top of her head, 'How are you feeling this morning?' She shrugged, 'A little better.' She had been better. The bar was really, really low, but still - she'd managed to clear it. They'd had Harry's birthday tea a few weeks back, and she'd been able to use it as an excuse to bury herself in something besides wallowing. They'd just had Bathilda over, had opened presents, spent the evening watching Harry fly around on the broom Sirius had gotten him, but it had been a nice change from their usual routine, a distraction from everything else that had been pressing on her lately. Peter had even come over the weekend before, she'd written to Sirius again…. It helped, remembering that there was a world outside their cottage. James hummed, shifted to wrap his arm around her shoulders, pulled her closer, 'I'm glad.' 'Yeah,' she said, pressing her head into the side of his chest, 'me too.' James had just turned to look at her, when Harry upended his porridge bowl onto his head. James swore under his breath, set his mug on the table, stood up, 'Alright, mate, now, come on, what are you doing?' Harry just laughed, rubbed the porridge into his hair, and Lily sat back in her seat, soft smile on her face, as James did his best to pry the bowl from Harry's hands.