picture, this snapshot of a day at the beach, it was one of those moments were her daughter looked truly happy, it was a smile that Viola wished she could burn to memory so that when she felt at a loss with her daughter, she could bring it forth and find some comfort in it. }{—}{—}{ 1970 The brisk cold had slowly given away to April's sunny warmth, that usually meant that at least two of her daughters would be out and about but surprisingly enough all three Evans girls were cooped up in the house, Lily was in her bedroom whilst Hermione and Petunia were in the lounge. She'd felt an uncomfortable air during breakfast between her two eldest but it was only now that she was fully coming to terms with the fact that Petunia and Lily were having a disagreement. They'd always had silly fights but nothing that lasted more than a few minutes, at thirteen and ten she supposed that they were simply getting older. Out of curiosity Viola wandered into the lounge, Petunia was sat on the floor right in front of the tv, whilst Hermione was laid out on the couch, a magazine in her hands. She lifted up Hermione's feet, sat on the couch and then placed them on her lap. "What are you reading?" she curiously asked, it wasn't like Hermione to pour over her fashion magazines, she'd much preferred Henry's books. "The Reaper's image" Hermione replied, her eyes still on the magazine "What!" Viola snapped, so startled that she snatched the magazine out of Hermione's hand to check the cover and it was indeed that awful horror story that they'd warned about in the news, written by that Mr King. "This isn't for children" Viola sternly said, her face reflecting the anger she felt within "It's Stephen King" Hermione argued "and it's not even that scary" "That is beside the point, who gave this to you?" Hermione's eyes narrowed and her lips pinched into a tight line, it was a look Viola had grown accustomed to over the years and one she rather disliked "It was Lily" Petunia spoke up, a satisfied glint in her eyes "Shut up!" Hermione snapped "Hermione!" Viola said aghast "you do not talk to people like that, have you no manners?" "She got it from that awful boy-" Petunia continued "He's not awful" Hermione cut her off "He's from Spinner's End" Petunia retorted "That doesn't make him awful" "He's rude!" "He's N…Well, yes I suppose he is rude" Hermione conceded. "Who are you speaking about?" Viola asked "Severus Snape" they said simultaneously "Who?" Viola asked "He's Lily's new friend" Hermione informed her "And he lives in Spinner's End" Petunia added "Well, yes, I'd gathered that already" Viola frowned "He called Lily a Witch" Petunia quickly informed her "What? That's awful" "He didn't mean it in a bad way" Hermione asserted "Is their a good way to call someone a Witch?" Petunia scowled "Enough" Viola demanded "stop the sniping, it's unbecoming" "So this Severus, who is he?" Viola asked She was rewarded with two blank faces "You'd have to ask Lily, he's her friend" Hermione shrugged "Just Lily's?" Viola asked surprised "We don't get along very well" Hermione smirked and the look made Viola pause, it wasn't one she was use to seeing on Hermione's face, her daughter seemed to always either be disinterested or annoyed, this was a rather unusual development. "He doesn't get along with anyone" Petunia interjected "he's weird" she said in a way that meant that the matter was not up for debate }{—}{—}{ 1971 The day Minerva McGonagall knocked on their door was a rather enlightening one. Her show of magic and assurances of the magical world helped calm and to some degrees excite Viola, her daughters reactions or one daughters reaction unsettled her. Hermione had smiled, it wasn't one of those fake plastered on ones that she was use to seeing or the rare legitimate ones that only crept up in a blue moon. It was something new, more of a smirk than a smile. She'd stayed quite throughout the whole thing, as Lily whooped in the air and Henry asked question after question, Hermione seemed content to sit and stare off into space, lost in her own mind, as if their was a big joke but no one else understood the punchline She'd noticed as well. The Professor and that bothered Viola, people didn't warm to Hermione, her teachers were always distant, even wary and children tended to avoid her. When she first started at Preston Primary, clever and quiet Hermione had been a clear target for bullying, but then things started to happen to those children that bothered her. Michael Johnson had broken his arm - twice. Grace Dunker had cut off her own hair in the middle of the night. Lucy Reems had locked herself in one of the store rooms and had refused to come out. Each time was after a bullying incident, Viola had brushed them all off as a coincidence, thankful that children soon stayed away from Hermione, leaving her in peace but now? Her eyes landed on Hermione, she couldn't have done those things on purpose, she was only a child. "Earlier you mentioned accidental magic" Viola said "Yes" Professor McGonagall nodded "at a young age magical children can become overwhelmed or frightened, this leads to an outburst of magic that they can't control" "Can't control?" Viola said relived "so magical things can happen without their knowledge or intent?" she asked "Precisely" McGonagall confirmed, her eyes moving to Hermione "is their a specific reason for your question?" "No" Viola replied far too quickly, keeping her eyes firmly away from Hermione. "Just curious" }{—}{—}{ Next Update: Tomorrow and then weekly updates afterwards. Hermione's arrival will change Canon events, her actions will have an impact, so no comments about how xxx didn't happen in Canon or how I've skipped something because I did that on purpose.