poor cat inflate like a giant tabby balloon and Mum and Dad were torn between fixing the cat and screaming about how "JAMESIE DID HIS FIRST BIT OF MAGIC!" How, when they were sixteen, Dad damn near had to sit on Mum to keep her from apparating to the Black's and killing Walburga with her bare hands. How Dad had made them all cocoa (and slipped a shot or two of firewhiskey in for Sirius), talked with Sirius until morning. He told her about how Mum had sent him a parcel of treats from home every month since he'd started school, added in things for Sirius, Remus, Peter, how every single one contained a small bottle of Sleekeazy's and the most hilariously passive aggressive note. How Dad used to leave little bits of potion ingredients all over the worktop in the kitchen and Mum would shout at him until his laughter filled the whole house. How Mum always , always kissed them all goodnight, told them she loved them after she'd finished threatening to kill them, how she used to smile at Sirius and say, "James, I don't know why you can't have hair like Sirius, you would look so handsome ." "I just…" James wiped his eyes, "I just… I needed more time." Lily took her hand from his, wrapped it around his shoulders, pulled him closer, he rested his head on her shoulder, "You always need more time. It's never enough." He turned his head, pressed his nose into her neck, "What do I do?" Lily moved her hand to his hair, brushed his hair lightly with her fingers, "You just…" Her fingers trembled a bit against his scalp, she took a deep breath, "You just go on. You think of everything you can remember and you set it down in your mind so you never forget it. And you just… you keep on." His voice cracked a bit when he spoke, "I don't know how." She turned, pressed a kiss to the top of his head, "No one does. You just do it." He wasn't sure how long they sat there, his nose in her neck, her cheek resting on the top of his head, but it's nice. They weren't talking, weren't moving - she just brushed her fingers lightly through the hair at the base of his neck, his head moving against her shoulder when it rose with her breathing. They weren't doing anything, but it felt like she was stitching him back together, like she'd taken his cracked chest in her hands and pressed the pieces back together, like she'd stopped his heart from bleeding out in his chest. It still hurt, but not as much. She picked her head up and leaned over a bit so she could look at him, "Ready?" James nodded, Lily stood, offered him her hand. He grasped it and she pulled him to standing before pulling out her wand and vanishing the little fire they'd left on the ground. James frowned, "I quite liked that little fire." She smiled, took his hand again, "I'll make you another one when we get back to the dorms." They walked back in silence, his hand wrapped firmly in hers. She wasn't looking at him, was just walking quietly beside him, occasionally raising her hand in greeting at some of the portraits on the walls that noticed them as they walked by. She wasn't looking at him, but he was looking at her, couldn't stop looking at her. She gave the password, they climbed through their portrait hole, and she let go of his hand, "Let me get a jar, hold on. I'll meet you in your room?" James just nodded, smiled a small smile, "Alright." She darted up the stairs to her room. James sighed, fisted his hand in his hair, walked slowly up his own stairs, plopped down onto the end of his bed. When she walked into his room a few minutes later, he noticed she'd changed into pyjamas. "Here," she held up a small jar that had one of the little fires in it, smiled as she set it onto his bedside table. James smiled at it, Lily frowned at him. "You alright?" James shrugged, "No. I feel better than I did, though." Lily sat down next to him on the bed, took his hand again. She was doing that a lot tonight. "Do you want me to stay?" James turned at looked at her, studied her for just a moment. He didn't want to cross some kind of line, but he really didn't want to be alone, not yet, "Would you?" She nodded, "I'll just nip to the loo so you can get changed?" James nodded, and stripped off his school jumper as she walked out of the room. When she came back in a few minutes later, James was standing awkwardly over by his desk, not quite sure what he was supposed to be doing. She smiled softly, took his hand, and climbed into bed, pulling James along behind her. She settled onto his pillow, her brilliant red hair fanning out underneath her and James looked at her for a moment, "Is it alright if - " She chuckled quietly, wrapped her arm around his back and pulled him down onto bed, "It's fine, James." She left her arm behind him, moved her hand to his neck again, so he buried his nose in her hair. "Thank you," he breathed, pulling back a bit and looking at her, "Thank you for… for everything." She smiled, "It's nothing." He shook his head, "It isn't, Lily. It's… I was… just… thank you." She nodded in understanding, "Any time." He moved his head back into the curve of her neck, let his arm move, tentatively, around her waist. He nuzzled in closer when Lily's free hand reached up to place her hand on top of his, let his eyes close. It only takes him a few minutes to fall asleep.