couldn't understand most of the melody, but it didn't really matter in the end. The sound meant one thing and one thing only: she was home. Of course, that effect was ruined by the front door slamming open and a loud, "AMMUUUUUU, HAS A LETTER COME FOR ME YET?" There was the hurried patter of feet; Dahlia opened her eyes just in time to see her younger sister run into the room. Sana Darzi was nothing like Dahlia. For one, she was a few months shy of fourteen years old. Dahlia was a few months into nineteen. For another, she was a social butterfly - not that Dahlia couldn't be sociable herself, it was just that she was prone to grabbing a cup of tea with someone and then telling that person to drown in it. It was all part of her charm. It was not part of Sana's. Sana preferred infectious giggles and whispers behind hands when the teacher's back was turned and clumsily rolling lipstick across the bow of her mouth. She was the sort of girl who doodled her crush's initials on her Maths exercise book, enthusiastically ran for her life in the bleep test, added person after person on Facebook and then Instagram and then Snapchat, and then actually talked to them on all three apps. Her face reflected that bright, cheerful innocence in the rosy apples of her cheeks and wide eyes. She was cute and loveable, though Khayri gave her a run for her money. Naturally. "The hell do you sound like a stampede of elephants for?" Dahlia asked by way of greeting. An automatic reprimand interrupted Mum's humming; Khayri snickered like a horse. "I didn't sound like an elephant," Sana objected. "You're right. You were a herd." "Shut up, Dahlia Didi," she shot back. "No one was talking you." "You are literally talking to me." "No, I was talking to Mum." "You see this? What's going on between us? It's called a bloody conversation i.e. you're talking to me. " Sana's mouth opened and closed several times in frustration. For all her beams and rose-tinted glasses, she, like many, was not immune to the aggravation her older sister easily brought on. They loved each other and they loved to argue with each other. "Amu!" She finally settled on, stomping her right foot once on the linoleum floor. "Make her stop." "Dahlia, stop," Mum said dutifully, though her voice was as stern as if it was her own decision to cut in. She placed a plate of dal and roti in front of her and then a glass. "Just eat." Sana was smug; Dahlia shoved half a roti into her mouth to stop an acerbic retort from rising into it. "So, Amu," Sana said, turning to their mum. She now had their back to them as she scrubbed away at whatever was in the sink. "Did a letter come for me?" Dahlia rolled her eyes. Khayri made a face and said, "Why would a letter come for you?" His mouth wrapped around the words in exactly the same way hers would have, though they were rendered much sweeter since they were, after all, Khayri's. Clearly picking up on this, Sana shot him a disapproving look and then levelled it upon his role model. Dahlia ate some more roti. "School has this pen pal system," Sana explained, pulling out a chair and perching on the edge. "Our year has it with another school from somewhere else in Greater Manchester and we were supposed to get our first letters this week." "At 8pm?" Dahlia raised an eyebrow. "Well, I was just asking ..." "Don't." "Shut up, Dahlia Didi. Just because we can't all have ugly owls like you do to send our letters in the middle of the night." "Don't speak like that to your sister," their mum threw over her shoulder. "My owl isn't ugly," Dahlia said, even though he really was. Euripides might have had a cool name that his owner was unapologetically proud of, but he was also an eagle owl with angry amber eyes, a sharp beak and an omnipresent expression that suggested he was plotting someone's murder. He had cost her an arm and a leg to buy (since owls were not the cheapest thing on sale in Diagon Alley) and spent the majority of his time snoozing in his cage, but she had thought him a wise investment now that she no longer had access to school owls. She could, of course, go to the post office every time she wanted to send a letter - but to have to constantly pay money to communicate with her friends seemed unbelievably stupid to her. So, much to her parents' chagrin, Euripides had been bought exactly two months ago. "Yes, he is. And he has a weird name." "You have a weird name," Dahlia retorted. " Chickpea ." "Stop saying that! My name doesn't even mean chickpea. It means brilliant." "Whatever you say, chickpea." Sana glared. "Brilliant." "Chickpea." " Brilliant ." "CHICK TO THE FREAKING PEA." "BRILLI-" "WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP RIGHT NOW!" Mum yelled, throwing down the dishtowel she had been using to wipe one of the plates. She whirled around and smacked her forehead angrily. "Agar tum dono jhaghad te raho ge, mera sir phod do ge!" There was silence. And then Khayri smiled and said, "I like Euripides. He lets me stroke his feathers." The kitchen exploded with laughter. Do you see what I mean about the horrible ending? Also, Dahlia's mum's outburst at the end means " if you two keep fighting, you're going to make my head explode" in Hindi according to the lovely 800 words of heaven. Also, what do y'all think of this chapter? Like, do you hate it and me? Do you want to bask in the glorious shadow of The K? Are you wondering how the hell a waitress gets an article in WW? Lemme know in the review box below xo