they stopped in front of the large pipe, realizing they wouldn't be able to get out the way they had come. "How will we get back?" Hermione asked, looking around them as though expecting to see an exit sign. Then Ron had another idea. Pulling out his wand, he focused his attention as he shouted, " Accio Broom!" Hermione's eyes lit up as she looked over at him. "Ron, you really are brilliant!" "Always the tone of surprise," he said, looking very pleased with himself as he grinned at her. She shook her head, laughing as she smiled up at him. As their eyes met, the air seemed suddenly charged with electricity. The laughter died in her throat, smiles slowly dropping from their faces as they stood unable to look away from one another. Neither seemed to be moving and yet, somehow, they were drawn closer together, her head tilting up as his bent lower towards her. Hermione felt her heart racing as Ron's lips came within an inch of hers. And then a broom swooped between them, startling them both as it nearly collided with Ron before settling into his hand. They both laughed nervously, Hermione's cheeks flushing pink as Ron rubbed at the back of his neck. "Well," she said after a moment, "I suppose we'd better get going." "Yeah," Ron said, clearing his throat. "Right." He mounted the broom and she climbed on behind him, each balancing a handful of basilisk fangs under their arms. Ron couldn't help smiling as her arms wrapped tightly around his waist. "Ready?" he asked. She nodded against his back and then they were off, flying up through the long pipe before emerging into the girls' bathroom once again. They landed on the stone tile and Hermione reluctantly released her hold on him, shuffling her share of the fangs in her arms as he shifted his burden, grasping the broom in one arm and the fangs in the other as he followed her out into the hallway. They didn't say anything as they hurried back toward the Room of Requirement, both unable to keep the smiles off their faces. Hermione didn't know if it was the triumph of destroying the horcrux or the electricity she still felt buzzing in her veins at Ron's close proximity, but she suddenly felt lighter, as though somehow, she was finally free. They ran into Harry then and began explaining their absence and what they had done, Hermione practically bursting with pride as she told him how brilliant Ron had been. " He was amazing !" she said emphatically. "Amazing!" Ron tried to play it off as though it was no big deal, casually joking as she praised him, but the tint of his ears and the smile lighting his face gave him away. The conversation then turned back to the battle. But, as they all prepared themselves to return to the fight, Ron suddenly spoke up, realizing they had forgotten about the house elves. As Harry inquired whether Ron intended for them to ask the house elves to fight, Hermione felt a surge of indignation and disappointment run through her. She opened her mouth to protest, an argument ready on her lips when Ron suddenly surprised her. " No," Ron said seriously, "I mean we should tell them to get out. We don't want any more Dobbies, do we? We can't order them to die for us –" An inarticulate cry issued from her throat as she felt overcome by a wave of affection for this boy. Ronald Weasley, who once laughed at the idea of rights for house elves, who ridiculed her efforts to promote elfish welfare through S.P.E.W., was now defending them, urging for their protection. She was deeply moved, overwhelmed by a spectrum of emotion that she had no way of expressing. Except maybe one. The basilisk fangs fell from her arms as her body propelled itself towards him. She gave no thought to her actions, moving on instinct alone as she flung herself at him, wrapping her arms around his neck as she pressed her mouth to his at last. At last. That was her only coherent thought as she melded herself with him, vaguely aware of the clattering noise as he dropped the objects in his arms and replaced them with her, pulling her to him so enthusiastically that she felt her feet leave the ground. The rest of the world fell away and it was just the two of them together in that moment. His kisses sent little shockwaves throughout her body, her lips tingling as they explored his hungrily. She threaded her fingers through his hair as he grasped her to him even more tightly, his strong hands pressed firmly against her back as their bodies swayed softly. She was drowning in him, lips warm and soft, tongues swirling, hearts pounding as their breath came in soft gasps. " OI! There's a war going on here! " Suddenly the world reasserted itself. At Harry's interruption, their mouths broke apart, arms still wrapped around each other as they turned to him dazedly. Hermione couldn't help the smile that stretched across her face at Ron's blithe response, "I know, mate, so it's now or never, isn't it?" She was tempted to start kissing him all over again, but reminded of the battle going on and, most importantly, their mission, they finally pried themselves away from each other. Their faces were flushed a matching shade of pink, but whether from embarrassment or passion it is uncertain. As they each began to gather the objects they had so carelessly flung aside moments ago, Hermione stole a glance at Ron only to find him already looking at her. As their eyes met, an understanding passed between them. She felt a warm glow in her chest as she looked at him. Somehow, she knew they would both be okay. She knew they would keep their promise to each other. Not just that night, but always.