of time? "It's not that's bad, Aria," Marvolo said, when she visited him in the hospital wing of the manor. "I don't want you to worry." Marvolo lied to her. He was covered in bandages, and he had already bled through some of them. Solaria didn't have the training for healing. If she did, she would've used as much of her magic as she needed to use to fix him right away. It's not like Death would let her die of magical exhaustion or anything. If Marvolo had died, Merlin forbid, Solaria could've brought him back. Healing the living wasn't a talent she had yet cultivated. And just because she could bring him back didn't mean she wouldn't feel the agony of his death. "How can I not worry? Travers said you almost didn't survive. She said it's a miracle you made it back to the manor at all!" The recent butterflies in Solaria's stomach were absent. Instead, it felt like she had swallowed a deck of exploding snap cards. She wasn't a little girl anymore. She was seventeen years old. She knew what she wanted. Solaria wanted Marvolo. Marvolo frowned then and said, "Travers needs to learn how to keep her mouth shut." "I'll be back," Solaria said. It hadn't taken long at all to find out what had happened. Grandfather Orion was wrapped around her finger, and Theodred wanted vengeance on his lord's behalf. Once she had the correct information, she was off. Dumbledore needed killing. Two days was plenty of time to accomplish her self-appointed task. Solaria tucked her wand into its holster and walked out of the trees. Abraxas and Reginald stared at her as she approached the manor's gate. "My lady," Reginald breathed. "Are you all right, my lady?" Abraxas asked. He took a half-aborted step towards her. She didn't doubt for a second that it was because of all the blood on her clothes. "I'm fine," Solaria said. "What happe—?" Reginald asked. Abraxas hushed his companion. "My lord is still in the hospital wing, my lady. His personal room." With all the magic at the Dark Side's disposal, he still hadn't been healed yet? Maybe she had gone too easy on her victim. "Thank you," Solaria said before going to his hospital room. Marvolo opened his eyes and perused her soaked body. "You've been gone for days." Solaria shrugged, trying not to show how affected she was to see him on the mend; he was actually sitting up. Her stomach felt less like the recipient of a Blasting Curse. "Death and I felt like playing." Solaria set her wand next to him on the bed. "I'll be back in a few minutes." She walked into the adjoining bathroom, dropped her ruined clothes on the floor, and showered. Marvolo's private hospital room included a wardrobe of his clothes. Amusingly, some of her nightgowns hung inside it. Solaria put one on after drying off; it was quite provocative. Hopefully, it would encourage him to heal faster and not languish in bed. Solaria hated seeing him weak, perhaps even more than he loathed feeling weak. She was still toweling her hair when she walked back into Marvolo's hospital room. "What do you want for dinner? I'll—" Marvolo took a sharp breath, which made Solaria give him her full attention. Had one of his wounds opened up again? But no … he was just looking at her. Solaria glanced down at herself self-consciously. What? What was it? It wasn't anything he hadn't seen before, and in more detail. "Marvolo?" She dropped the towel and hurried to his bedside. He grabbed her wrist before she could touch him, gaze trailing over her. It was a more thorough inspection than the one he had given her when she first returned. "Aria, I …" Marvolo caressed her side, trailing his fingers over her hip and down to her thigh. "Where did you get this? I haven't seen this nightgown before." "Cousin Narcissa picked it up for me the last time she was in Wizarding Paris." "Change," he ordered, voice blank. Solaria glared and resisted the urge to stamp her foot. "Why should I? I like it!" "So do I," he hissed. "Give me three days to heal, little tyrant, and then wear it again. I'll make it worth your time." Marvolo stared at her with more hunger than he had on their bonding night. She didn't dignify him with a verbal response. But she did change. Solaria would let someone else tell him she had won the war in her rage. A soft grumbling sound caused Solaria to look up from the paperwork she shared with Marvolo. For the first time in a millennium, Wizarding Britain had ruling Dark Monarchs. Alone, they were nigh unbeatable. Together, they were untouchable. "Aria." Marvolo's fingers groped beside him. Solaria walked over and sat beside her husband on the sofa. She lay down next to him and smiled as he immediately curled around her and stopped grumbling. Marvolo had been the first to shorten her name in that way. As time passed, that name meant more to her than any other. He had come to mean more to her than anything. Solaria had never imagined being bonded at sixteen, let alone Dark Queen of Wizarding Britain at nearly eighteen. However, running from those Aurors almost two years ago was more than worth it. Because the Death Eaters loved her, and so did Marvolo. She had been right the first time she met him. Marvolo Gaunt loved with a possessive desperation she had never seen the equal to, not even between her own parents, who she would've previously declared the pinnacle of true love. "Aria," Marvolo whispered. His hand slid down to cup the slight well of her stomach. She kissed the underside of his chin and offered the needed assurance. Everything else in her life might have changed, but this one thing wouldn't ever change. "I'm here, Marvolo. I'm here. And I'm not going anywhere."