back to the castle was a blur. Jasmine's thoughts often reverted to the scene in the graveyard, to Voldemort's return – but more frequently, she recalled the horrors of the maze. She could still feel the chill on her skin, hear the Acromantulas scuttling behind her, see her mother' face... She clenched her left hand. "Stop that at once," Snape hissed. "It's in bad enough shape as it is." The pain was familiar. She wasn't aware that she'd done it before, in his presence. It was all too surreal. A part of her suspected that at any moment she would be back at that graveyard, surrounded by Death Eaters, helpless and submissive. She hadn't noticed that they had arrived in his office until he forced her to sit on the chair by his desk, her usual seat. He dropped into a stool in front of her and drew his wand. She flinched, she must have, because his features softened a bit, something she had never seen before. "I will run a few diagnostic tests on you now, Miss King," he said. "Just so I can see the extent of your injuries. Stay still." Jasmine was aware of his wand emitting a pale blue light; it ran across her body, following the movements of his arm. "Why didn't you bring me to the hospital wing instead?" she inquired softly, staring at a spot just past his face. He wouldn't look at her either way. "I was under the impression that you would prefer... familiar company. It will be difficult to trust others again, I can only assume, after what you went through tonight." His words confused her for only a few seconds. Upon realizing the suggestion in his words, her eyes widened. "Professor Moody—" "He has been apprehended. No need to worry yourself," he muttered. "And his name is not Professor Moody. It is Barty Crouch Jr." Upon saying this, he did look at her – expectantly, as if he were searching for an emotion that did not appear on her face. She couldn't bring herself to feel shocked by that point, just understanding. She had known that Barty Crouch had had a Death Eater for a son, but not that he had apparently escaped Azkaban. She merely blinked at Snape and he returned to his ministrations. Several minutes later, he had managed to close the gash on her palm and heal all other wounds – though magic could only go so far. She would have scars, many of them. From the way he treated her as he worked, almost as if she were made of glass, she knew that the physical scars would be the least of her worries. However, there was peace in the silence. Jasmine could not bring herself to close her eyes, but she stared across the room nonetheless, unseeing and lost in her thoughts. She managed to sift through the memories, managed to temporarily lock away the images that she could do without. But the silence, it seemed, was not meant to last. Snape had just handed her another one of his tiny vials, explaining that the liquid would help with the after-effects of the Cruciatus. She had never been more aware of her quivering muscles, or the bruises that would most likely appear in the morning. She stared down at the vial, wondering at her trust in the man that sat before her. It was then that he spoke: "You've given us an immeasurable advantage against the Dark Lord, Miss King." Something inside her snapped. "I DON'T CARE!" Her voice ricocheted against the walls. She relished the fact that she had made him flinch. "You... You vile , son of a... You did this to me!" Comprehension dawned on his features. He shook his head. "It was not I who tortured you in the maze, Jasmine. You know this as well as I." "You didn't torture me. You sent me there." Tears began to leak from her eyes. The blurry form of her Potions professor drew closer, hands outstretched, and she recoiled. "You knew! You knew what was going to happen. You knew where that Cup would take us and you sent me anyway! You left me to die!" "Cease your petty accusations, you insolent girl," he hissed. "Why would I have known? How could I have known?" "You're like my father. You're one of them ." "Your father was one of the few, the very few, who were made aware of the Dark Lord's whereabouts. I was not part of that few, Miss King. I know where my loyalties lie, now more so than ever." He sneered. "Do you?" She leaned forward so that her face was only inches from his, practically snapping her teeth in frustration. "I will never be one of them. Never ." The ferocity in his eyes left as quickly as it came. Gently, almost affectionately, he cupped her jaw and tapped his thumb on her cheek. "Drop the act now, Miss King," he said. "You are safe." She was horrified to discover that her shoulders were shaking with sobs. Her terror, her desperation, her confusion – they all came forward at that moment, reducing her to an incoherent mess. Vaguely, as if seeing through another's eyes, she watched as Snape disappeared into his storeroom and returned with a vial of turquoise blue liquid. He tipped the contents past her lips and her mind cleared, almost numbed. Loose-lipped from the potion with a name she had forgotten, she pushed her cheek further into his open palm and, in little more than a whisper, she said, "Don't betray me." One final sob escaped her; then her movements ceased. She felt the barest hint of breath, the softest, briefest touch of lips on her forehead, before at long last, she allowed herself to slip into unconsciousness. What happens next is entirely up to you, because yes that is the ending. i have to stop. oh god why did i even start this.