me when we turned into the room and I instantly knew what Dumbledore had been so amused by. I, however, was somewhat less than amused. I didn't want to deny her. But we had agreed we wanted to keep us private for the time being. And having James and Sirius be some of the first to find out? She would run screaming. Speaking of Sirius, he walked into the room arm in arm with Lily, munching on some snack she'd made. He nodded to the newbies, greeting them. "Weasleys. Tonks." I froze. He knew her. Sirius knew her. "What's up, Black?" "Lily made muggle desserts." He said with a grin, holding up his prize. "I don't know what it is but I know I'm gonna eat at least 5 of them!" Lily rolled her eyes. I would have done something similar but I was too transfixed on the tableau before me to focus on that just yet. "God, you're predictable." "Says the girl who trips over literally everything. It's like you don't have eyes." Shit. He really knew her. How did they know each other? Had they been, Merlin forbid, involved ?! "Nymphadora," Dumbledore said far too calmly. "I don't know you've met all of Sirius here's friends. This is James Potter." She held out her hand and shook his proffered one. "How my cousin has friends I'll never know but it's a pleasure to meet you just the same." She said. His cousin. She was Sirius' cousin. Dear lord. That may be even worse. "And this is Remus Lupin." She spun around her eyes wide and we stared at each other for a moment. "Don't be silly, Albus. She know Remus. She was still in Hogwarts the first year Remus taught." "WHAT?!" The word was torn from both of us simultaneously as we stared at Minerva. "Nope. Nope I'm pretty sure she didn't." I said assuredly. "I definitely didn't have her in any of my classes." "Yeah. Never heard of Remus Lupin before in my life. So clearly that isn't true." Minerva tipped her head to the side and pursed her lips. "Are you certain? I could have sworn her last year was your first." She turned to me directly. "Just the other day, we were discussing the pranks we'd seen over the years and you mentioned the pink hamsters. That was Tonks, her eighth year! You must have been teaching by then!" Oh Merlin. I remembered now. Dora had told me that story and I mentioned it when she told me about the Weasley's new record and we were discussing pranks. "No. Nope. I wasn't there then." I insisted, grimacing at how awkward my voice sounded. "Then how did you know about it?" Dumbledore asked, looking as though Christmas had come early. I looked frantically back and forth between Dumbledore, Dora and my friends without even a semblance of an answer for that question. "MERLIN'S BALLS!" Lily's swear broke the tension but only for a moment. Her eyes whizzed back and forth between Dora and I frantically as realization crossed her eyes. Shit. She knew. "Humming?" She asked simply. I sighed and covered my eyes with my hands. She laughed loudly and bounced up and down on her heels. "Oh my gosh this is the best day of my life!" She exclaimed. "The best? Really?" James muttered indignantly. "How many years we've been married and this is the best day of your life? So far I don't even know what's going on. So clearly I'm missing something." "Are you blind you wang?" Lily shrieked at her husband, much to Dumbledore's enjoyment. "This day is better than our wedding day and my last five birthday's combined." James, suddenly serious frowned. "I'm starting to be afraid that you're not being hyperbolic here." "I'm not. This is the greatest day of my entire life." She rushed around the table and wound me up in her arms. "Mooney I'm so happy for you!" She was crying now. I hugged her back but only so that I could whisper in her ear. "We were kind of trying to keep it private." "Well that's stupid. I don't support that. So I don't care." She returned with a smile. "You've been living with James too long." She nodded in response and turned to Dora. "Hi. I know we only just met but I wanted to say that I love you and that I can't wait to spend more time with you." Tonks nodded slowly, realizing that she knew but not quite understanding what was going on anyway. Lily turned back to me. "I'm not going to be able to keep this in so you may as well tell everybody." She suggested before returning to her knitting with a new excitement. I sighed and looked at Dora. She shrugged but I could see a faint smile under the surface. "Sirius. Remember yesterday when you said that I couldn't ever get someone younger and hotter than me?" I asked, relishing in this moment despite its premature-ness. After all, opportunities to say shit like this to Padfoot only came around once in a while. He nodded, still completely lost. I sat next to Dora and put my arm around her, thinking about what words I should use carefully. Sirius' eyes widened as he realized what was happening. "Yeah. Suck it." Shout out to Tumblr users: remusyoulittleshit and thezohar for your amazing head cannons in regards to Animagus transformation with the marauders that inspired that little scene in there! Thank you so much! XO for you two! Thank you all so much for reading! This was an odd idea that floated in and I sat down and pounded it out in one sitting. As of right now it's a one shot but I really enjoyed writing in this universe! Let me know what you think! Should I continue? Is it okay? Is it awful? I am trying to improve my writing so all criticism is welcome! XOXO - E