course, made Lockhart's hair look like a complete and total disaster - clumps of product had been applied in an attempt to remedy the situation, but they were currently in the process of melting down his cheeks). Lockhart frantically readjusted his hair as he approached, swept the long, wildly curling strands out of his eyes, his chin pushed up defiantly - Sirius, taking advantage of the fact that Lily and James were now hiding behind her newspaper (probably snogging, the gits), stole Lily's toast, and pressed Remus (a barely-stifling-a-laugh Remus) into his side. Lockhart smashed his hand down on the side of Sirius' plate, making Lily drop her paper (they had been snogging), and Peter slosh his bite of cereal into his lap. Sirius, though, just took a bite of toast, turned and pressed a kiss to the corner of Remus' mouth as though he hadn't heard a thing. "Take. It. Off." Lockhart's voice barely contained his anger, and Sirius had to bite back a laugh as he grabbed his pumpkin juice, took another long drag, before turning slowly and letting his eyes move critically over Lockhart, "Nice hair." Peter snorted and dropped another bite of cereal into his lap. Lockhart was red in the face, though it was unclear whether it was more from the humidity he was trapped in or the embarrassment (though it was most likely a combination of the two). He straightened up, brushed another blonde curl out of his eyes, "Take it off, Black." Sirius laughed derisively, "You see, kid," Lockhart cringed and Sirius barely suppressed a grin, "I'm afraid I can't do that." Lockhart's teeth ground together, "And why can't you do that?" Sirius flicked his hair back over his shoulder, "I can't do it until you give up whatever this, " he gestured vaguely in the air around Lockhart, "little competition of yours is." Lockhart frowned, pressed his lips together, turned on his heel, and strode back to the Ravenclaw table, taking his humidity with him. When Sirius turned back around, Lily was gaping at him. Sirius took another bite of toast, "What?" Lily grabbed her toast back out of his hand, took a bite, "How the fuck did you do that?" "Do what?" Sirius took the last piece of toast out of Lily's hand and shoved it into his mouth before she could snatch it back from him. "Dick," Lily grabbed another piece of toast off the platter in the centre of the table, "how did you make that humidity cloud? How did you get it to," she drew a circle in the air with her toast, " stay like that?" Sirius grinned, shrugged, "My genius." James snorted, " Your genius? Pretty sure we all worked on that last night, mate." Peter drank the milk out of his cereal bowl, "As the test subject, I can confirm this." Sirius waved them both off, "Yeah, whatever. Impressed, Evans?" Lily took a long drag of her tea, "Annoyingly, yes." James grinned at her, dropped an arm over her shoulder, "Aren't you glad you locked me down while you had the chance, Evans?" Lily snorted into her tea, everyone else burst out laughing. James just grinned and pressed a kiss to the side of her head (her smile told James all he needed to know). To Lockhart's credit, he did make through the morning. By the time he came into the Great Hall for lunch, though, his hair was a mass of blonde frizz, his skin was red and shining with a sheen of sweat, and whatever charm Sirius had used to write on his uniform appeared to get brighter as the day went on (if the rumour mill had it right, Lockhart had been asked to please leave Defense Against the Dark Arts the period before lunch, as the light from his clothes was making the room too bright for the projector). They had just sat down to lunch (James had already piled a truly ungodly amount of sandwiches onto his plate), when Lily spotted Lockhart moving towards them up the aisle. She nudged James (who dropped a bit of bacon onto his lap) and pointed - James kicked Sirius under the table (he looked indignant until he saw the look in James' eye). Lockhart came to a stop behind Sirius, just to his left, cleared his throat. Sirius didn't even bat an eye, just grabbed a bacon butty from the platter, poured Remus a glass of pumpkin juice. Lockhart cleared his throat again, "Black." Sirius breathed a long-suffering sigh, turned on the bench - he pressed his back up against the table, took a bite of his sandwich, and arched an eyebrow at Lockhart. Lockhart, apparently waiting for him to speak, was quiet for a moment before he realised that Sirius had no intention of speaking. "I'm giving up, can you - " "Ah, afraid I can't hear you, let me just," Sirius reached inside his robes, pulled out his wand, touched it to Lockhart's throat, "Alright, go ahead." Lockhart narrowed his eyes, and when he cleared his throat, his voice reverberated throughout the Great Hall (every head in the room shot up). "I'm giving up," Lockhart said, and though he was standing in the middle of the Great Hall, in front of everyone, and giving up in his 'war' with Sirius Black, he was also glowing from the amount of attention currently being directed his way. Sirius, noting Lockhart's satisfaction, pulled his wand away, turned back around on the bench, took another bite of his sandwich. He waved his wand over his shoulder (unable to resist showing off) in a fairly complex pattern, and the humidity cloud fell, the writing disappeared. Sirius took another bite of his sandwich, "Now get the fuck out of here. And if you try this shit again, you'll realise that this was just child's play." Lockhart didn't say a word, just trooped back to the Ravenclaw table, head held high, glowing like he'd swallowed the fucking sun.