She cleared her throat. "To my mother?" "I am aware." A deep sigh escaped her. "Then I'm sure you'd understand why I just want to be alone right now, Professor Snape. Can I please go back to the dorms?" She was earnest in her request, at least. No trace of scorn to be found. But he still narrowed his eyes and forced a sharp tone into his voice. "Cartwright, with whatever juices you may have in that mind of yours you should come to realize that the death of your mother was not your fault. There was nothing you could have done. I'm sure even your sleep-addled brain can tell you that." "I needed one more year." A faint edge crept into her voice. "Pardon?" "One more year and I would have gotten a job at St. Mungo's. I was going to invent a cure and she... she would have gotten better." "It's hardly your fault for not being able to speed up your education, Miss Cartwright. Frankly, not even the Headmaster can do that." Snape couldn't help but to sneer. "And, I'm sure you realize that while inventing a cure, the research itself would take months, perhaps even years to prepare. Even the world's most renowned scientists haven't been able to invent one. What makes you think you can accomplish what they have not?" "I have magic. I know things Muggle scientists can only dream about. The cure could be a potion and how could the Muggles invent that?" Snape admired her tenacity, truly, as much as he admired her skill in Potions. And he didn't fail to notice how her hands had begun shaking. Perhaps that was what drove him to say what he said next: "Allow me to help you." She had been staring down at her lap, but as soon as the words left his mouth, her head shot up. "What?" "Your dream to invent a cure, however unlikely it is to happen... I can respect it. I will allow you to begin your research here in Hogwarts, and if the library's tomes are inadequate, you may borrow some of mine – with due reason, obviously." He narrowed his eyes a bit at that. "If you should have any questions, you may approach me. Given the concept of your research I think it would be safe to label this as a... school project. For extra credit, if you will." Her mouth was hanging open again. She snapped it shut before he could reprimand her a second time. "P-Professor, that's... that's..." She blinked. "Thank you." Nonplussed, Snape leaned back in his chair. "However for tonight's incident, 10 points from Slytherin." "Of course, sir." "Has your family made any funeral arrangements?" The change in her was instantaneous. Her face fell. Her shoulders slumped. It looked as though she was about to cry again, and Snape could readily admit that he may have gone about this the wrong way. "My father..." She swallowed. "He should be making arrangements as we speak, but I was planning on asking the Headmaster if I could leave school for a bit... next week... just to make sure that he did everything right." Severus caught the hint of derision in her voice and raised an eyebrow in interest. "You don't trust him to make the proper arrangements?" "He's failed us in a lot of things." The slight growl was unmistakable. She'd had a horrible father then. Possibly one of the ones who walked out on their families, but Snape couldn't be sure. He did not know enough about her to be sure; but he knew then that the two of them were more alike than he previously thought. As he looked at her, sitting across him with tense shoulders, fiddling with her thumb, he could almost imagine himself as a child. Dumbledore had just committed him into his office so they could talk about his new living arrangements, because both his parents were dead. "Listen carefully now, Miss Cartwright." She did not miss the seriousness in his voice; she looked up. "I will not pretend that the next several months will be easy for you, because they won't be. To put it simply, they may be the most difficult you've ever had to face. But this is the time to be strong. The world does not owe you a thing. You must wrestle it into submission." He straightened up in his seat, issuing a slight sneer. "No more standing idly by while your schoolmates bully you into submission, Cartwright. Take control of your life. If you do, then perhaps the road to a cure won't be so impossible after all." Even Severus was surprised with how much had escaped his mouth. Still, he kept his face blank of all emotion. He knew she would want to see something. She would have to work for that. "Are you actually encouraging me to start losing points for our House, professor?" He didn't miss a beat. "Often I find that House points can only be taken away if you are ever actually caught." For the first time since she'd read that bloody letter, he saw a smile crawl up her lips. She nodded. Severus regarded her for another moment before waving his hand at the door. "You may leave now, Miss Cartwright. Return to your dormitory immediately." He made a show of busying himself with ungraded papers as she made her leave. But just before the door closed, she poked her head into the room again. "Sir," she said. "If my magic starts... acting up again, may I have your permission to use the Room of Requirement?" "You're in your seventh year, Cartwright. I fully expect you to have more control of your magic. But in the meantime..." The corner of his lip twitched at the crestfallen look on her face. "Do make sure to cast the necessary wards. As I've said, it only ever matters if you are caught." In loving memory of Alan Rickman. xx