clarified, 'The drawings. I brought them.' She shook her head, scooted a bit closer to him on the couch, watching him to see how he responded to their proximity. 'No,' she said, and she moved a bit closer before she could let herself think about it too much, talk herself out of what she'd decided to do. James' eyes flicked quickly to her lips before they met hers again. 'No?' She shook her head again, and this time she glanced down quickly at his mouth as she leaned closer, 'No.' She heard him pull in a sharp breath, 'What do you want then, Evans?' He was so close to her now, barely more than a foot between them, and she could still back away, could still laugh and tell him that of course she wanted to see the drawings, but she didn't want to back away, didn't want to put space between them again. She wanted to get closer, impossibly close, she wanted to feel every part of him against every part of her. She wanted him . All of him, as much as he would give her. All her objections, not having time, not having space, were complete bollocks. She was busy, but her life had expanded, created room that James could occupy, and he occupied it well. She won't always be able to go out to dinner dates, sometimes she'll have to work nights and sleep all day, sometimes she'll be at the hospital for two full days in a row, but even now, even though they aren't a thing, she managed to create spaces in her life that he could fill, and she liked that he was the one to fill them. He lifted the stress off her shoulders when she visited him in the evenings after a long day of work, he made her laugh, pushed her to try new things, to expand outside her comfort zone. She'd always operated alone, had always liked that about herself. It was easier to be alone, to not have to worry about what someone else wanted or what their priorities were. But she found, with James, that she was spending more energy trying to convince herself that she still felt that way, that it was easier for her to be alone than it would be for her and James to click into place. She wasn't foolish enough to think that it would always be easy - her work schedule would wear on them, she would sometimes seriously contemplate murder when he rolled out of bed at four in the morning, they would have to make space, and keep making space, for one another every day. And she was still terrified and still inclined to believe that everything might fall apart, and still dreading what she had always lovingly called the "inevitable collapse," but James made her want to try. So she tried. She kept her eyes on his as best she could as she moved to close the distance between them, her gaze flicking between his mouth and his eyes, waiting for him to move away, watching for any sign that this was a horrible, horrible idea. When he didn't move, when all she heard was his breath picking up speed, becoming shallower the closer she got, she pressed her lips to his, lightly, chastely. She had just begun to pull away when James' hands sprung up from his sides, one gripped her waist, the other wound itself into her hair, and he pulled her mouth back to his, his tongue almost immediately darting out of his mouth and running along her bottom lip. She groaned and he smiled against her lips. She laughed, pulled back a bit, 'Shut up,' and buried her hand in his hair, kissed him again. He grasped her hip and pulled her closer, but she shook her head, grabbed a fistful of his t-shirt and tugged him forward, brought him with her as she laid back down onto the couch. He caught himself on his hand so he didn't crush her, but Lily pulled him down so he pressed into her, moaned when his body fitted against hers. He pulled back after a moment, laughed when she pulled on his neck to kiss him again, 'Wait, wait, wait.' She huffed and he laughed again, a low, rumbling laugh that sent chills through her. He reached up, tucked a piece of her hair behind her ear. She sighed, 'What am I waiting for?' He chuckled, his chest vibrating against hers, dropped a quick kiss to her lips. She hummed against him, threaded her fingers in his hair, and ran her tongue along his lip, but he just laughed, pulled back again, just looked at her. She sighed, a smile tugging at the corners of her lips, 'What?' He smiled, let his thumb brush along the apple of her cheek, 'I just, uh… I really, really like you, Lily. And I know our lives are kind of crazy and that now I'm going to be wallowing away all my time at a bloody construction zone, but I - I like you so bloody much, it hurts. Have for a long time.' Her chest swelled as he spoke and he must have noticed, because his smile got infinitely brighter as he looked at her. 'And, uh… so…. Go out with me, Evans?' She snorted, 'What do you think you prat?' 'Ah, fuck,' James said, and bit the corner of his lip, 'rejected.' He moved like he was going to push himself up and she laughed, grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and pulled him back down. 'You're so stupid.' James grinned, kissed her once, twice, before he pulled back, hovered a breath away from her, 'Is that a yes?' She smiled, beamed, and laughed when she felt him smile in response. 'Yes, Potter,' she said, and her lips brushed against his as she spoke, and his smile got impossibly wider, 'yes it bloody well is.'