her knickers hit the floor, but he just laughed again, dropped a chaste kiss to her lips before he moved down, settled himself between her thighs. Her breath caught as he dropped a kiss to the inside of her thigh, "This okay?" She arched her hips, and he moved one arm to lie across her stomach, pressing her back into the mattress, "Yes or no, Evans." He dropped a kiss to her other thigh, a bit higher this time. " James - " He was smiling when he kissed her again, on top of her hip this time, and she groaned, "Yes, fuck, please." He didn't hesitate to oblige. He'd slowed things down to get there, but he didn't waste any time once he had his mouth on her. He'd been teasing, but he abandoned all pretense once his tongue was on her clit. He varied pressure, movement until he found what she liked, then he went for it, leaving her gasping, her hands buried in his hair, her hips pressing in vain against him arm. She was still trembling when he pulled away, and he pressed hurried kisses up her body before kissing her again, moaning into her mouth as she arched into him, wrapped one leg around his hips and pressed him into her. "Condom," she said, moving her mouth to his jawline, "if you don't have one, I have -" He shook his head, "Side table," and leaned over, pulled a foil packet from his bedside table. He tore it open, fingers trembling a bit, and slid the condom over himself. Her breathing was embarrassingly loud as he positioned himself over her, but it mingled with his, and she couldn't have found it within herself to care anyway. He leaned down to kiss her again, the urgency still there, but with a more serious undercurrent that hadn't been there before. He pressed into her, they both groaned, his forehead dropped to hers, and her legs moved immediately around his waist, pulled him into her. He set a quick, steady pace, changed up the angle of his hips to see what he could do to get her to moan. When he found an angle she liked (she'd sunk her fingertips into his shoulders, moaned so loudly she was glad he didn't have housemates) he stuck with it, moved one hand between them and began brushing his fingers against her clit. She moaned, " Fuck , faster." He picked up speed, his breathing shallow, rubbing his fingers more insistently against her. "Come on, Evans," he said, his breath was hot against her neck, his hips and fingers picked up speed, and she moaned again, arched into him. "I'm close, just -" she moaned louder as he swirled his fingers, and he did it again, just a bit more pressure than before, and she came apart again. He moved his hand between them for another moment before he used it to brace himself over her and his forehead fell to her shoulder, " Fuck ." She kept moving her hips against his until he stilled completely and he let his weight fall down onto his forearms. He picked his head up from her shoulder, he moved his hand to cup her cheek and he kissed her again, slowly moving his lips against hers. She melted under him, the satisfaction of two orgasms, of his body pressing into hers, of the emotions rushing through her made her smile against him, weave her fingers in his hair. He pulled back after a moment, flashed her a grin, "I'm gonna go," he gestured towards his groin, and she nodded, "I'll be here." He rolled off her, padded into the en suite (of course there's an en suite), pulled the door shut behind him, and she stretched out on his mattress. Her muscles felt warm and relaxed, her breathing was slowly returning to normal, but her heart was still hammering in her chest, though it wasn't from any sort of physical exertion anymore. It was the way he'd looked at her, the way his smile felt against her skin, the way he'd laughed so easily with her, at her, the way they'd just clicked. She didn't believe in soulmates, but damn it, if he didn't make her want to. When he returned a moment later, he collapsed onto the bed beside her, wrapped his arm around her, and pulled her up against his side. She sighed contentedly, buried her nose in his neck, closed her eyes. "You know," James trailed his fingers slowly up and down her spine, "I reckon I like you a lot, Evans." Lily lifted her head from his chest, propped her chin up onto her hand, "I reckon I like you a lot, too, Potter." James beamed, leaned up and kissed her again, softly, seriously, and she smiled against his lips. "Remus is going to make us feel guilty about skiving off for the rest of our lives - " Lily laughed, "I didn't skive off, that was all you!" "And Sirius," James just ignored her, and she sighed, "Sirius is probably going to ask you increasingly embarrassing questions in increasingly public places about your potential BDSM interest until you either die of embarrassment or you out-do him." Lily snorted, "And why would he do that?" "Because he's an idiot, and he'll use the fact that you get strapped to a board every night to torture you until you die. He's really doing it because he's grossly protective, but it's also because he's an idiot." Lily laughed, "He sounds charming." James rolled his eyes, "He certainly thinks so." He fell quiet again and Lily looked at him for a moment before she laid her head back on his chest, pressed her nose into the side of his neck. His fingers moved into her hair, started threading slowly through the strands. "I really do like you, Evans." She pressed a kiss to his neck, smiled against his skin, "You too, Potter."