into the concrete ( wouldn't do to have a bunch of lines pressed into my forehead when we go back ), breathes a laugh, "Glad you could keep me on my feet, Potter." He chuckles into her neck, "Just be glad I kept you standing, Evans," and brushes his fingers against her again. She exhales shakily and she feels him smile against her neck before he dips his hand into her pants. " Fuck, Evans," he runs his fingers up the length of her, making her tremble against him before he dips one, two fingers inside of her. He groans quietly into her ear as she sinks her teeth into her bottom lip, "You're so fucking wet, Lily." She presses herself into his hand, groans, " James. " He seems like he wants to tease her, and, to be fair, maybe she's earned a bit of teasing, but they've already been gone for ten minutes and someone will miss them eventually. He curls his fingers inside her, though, and she's lost all coherent thought. She rocks her hips against him, desperate for some kind of friction, and he slips his fingers out of her with a groan, presses his fingers against her clit. She moans louder than she should have, and James chuckles, "Shhh," kisses her neck as he starts rubbing quick, smooth circles against her. Her breathing picks up, she can feel the tension starting to build, and she wants to scream it's so fucking good, but she just turns her head, captures his lips with hers, groans as quietly as she can into his mouth. He kisses her for a moment before he pulls back, just a breath of space between them, and opens his eyes to watch her as he pinches her clit. She knows the bastard gets a fucking power trip off of it and she doesn't want to give him the satisfaction, but she sinks into her knees a bit anyway, has to bite her lip again to keep from moaning too loudly. He swoops down and kisses her again, a smug smile on his lips, one that only gets smugger when he pinches her clit again and she moans before she can stop herself. "You're going to get us caught," he whispers, trailing hot kisses down her neck. She groans again, presses the crown of her head into the wall, "Like you don't find that thrilling." James grins against her neck, moves his hand from her breast to tug the neck of her dress aside, start sucking on the tops of her shoulders, "Judging by this, " he sweeps his fingers down the length of her and her knees almost buckle again, "you're quite the exhibitionist yourself, Evans." She opens her mouth to snap at him, but he moves his fingers back up to her clit before she can say anything and his fingers are moving faster this time, and she presses her lips together, whimpers quietly. The tension in her abdomen is rapidly reaching a pitch and she knows he can tell - his other hand is pinching her nipple through her dress, his mouth is burning kisses into her skin, and her breathing sharpens as he starts moving his fingers in tighter circles against her clit. "James, I - " she sucks in a harsh, ragged breath, and James kisses the shell of her ear, "Come on, love." He rubs three, four more circles and she bites down on her lip again, her groan echoing around them as she shudders underneath him. "Fuck," he breathes it into her skin, slows his movements gradually as she comes down, her head pressed into the concrete as she tries to steady her breathing. His fingers brush against her lightly before he pulls his hand out of her knickers altogether and he shimmies her dress back down her thighs. She spins around, presses her back against the wall, and pulls him to her, her fingers weaving into the hair as the base of his neck as she kisses him. "Your turn?" Her hands move to his belt and he shakes his head, "We've got to get back." She sighs, pops up onto her toes to kiss his again, "Are you sure we couldn't just - " she lets her hands slide over the buckle of his belt, raises an eyebrow. James groans, leans down and kisses her again, his hands sliding into her hair, "Don't tempt me, Evans." She pulls back, rests her head against the concrete wall, "Maybe I want to tempt you, Potter." She knows he wants her to, too, judging by the erection currently straining against his trousers and pressing into her hip. His mobile beeps from his jacket pocket and James sighs, "Fuck," pulls back a bit and fishes inside his jacket. He unlocks the phone and swears again, turns it around so Lily can read it. Sirius Black: Where are you, Mum is looking for you James sighed, "Looks like we're out of time." Lily nodded, "I guess I'll just have to take care of that ," she nods significantly towards his waist, "when we get home." James grins and he looks like he wants to step closer to her, press her back up against the wall before he thinks better of it, "I guess you will." She lifts herself up onto her toes and kisses him again, a light, lingering kiss that makes him sigh against her lips. She smiles, falls back down onto her heels, "I'll walk back first, make my way around to Euphemia, tell her that you went to the loo or something." James nods and Lily slides out from between him and the wall, careful not the brush against him and prolong his agony. James turns to press his back against the wall so he can watch her go, and she turns to smile at him as she reaches the door, "I promise it'll be worth the wait, Potter." James grins, "I don't doubt it, Evans."