"You look lovely. Come on. Let's go down to the party," He said, but his mind was still on the red-haired woman in the mind-numbing black dress downstairs. Sure Lily's arrival had caught him off guard. But one thing was for sure, he wasn't about to let her presence sway him from living his life the way he had before she entered the picture. "Of course," she said compliantly, and they both left the room to descend the stairs to the hall. … "Why are you out here by yourself? Shouldn't you be hanging off the arm of that pretty boy of yours?" a deep voice said from the shadows. Although thoroughly startled, Lily refused to show any sign of surprise other than the involuntary straightening of her spine. She had been taking a brief moment of refuge on the empty terrace, from the party. Hoping to collect her thoughts. "I could be asking you a similar question, you've got such a lovely, leggy thing waiting for you I'm sure," Lily tried her best to keep the bitterness from her voice. She heard James let out a low chuckle. "Careful, Lily. You almost sound jealous. You wouldn't want to drive off your boy toy so early if he heard you, now would you?" She finally turned towards the tall man. He looked angry and marvelous. He always knocked her off her feet when he was in formal wear. His rugged features and wild, yet somehow sophisticated, dark hair was such a beautiful contraction against his finely tailored suits. "Isn't that pot calling the kettle black?" she asked, leaning on the banister and rubbing her arms against the sudden chill she felt. He simply scoffed at her. Lily felt her temper getting the better of her. The plan to not rise to his provocations was suddenly out the window. "Rourke is far more loyal and trusting that you ever were. I have nothing, do you hear me, nothing to fear where he is concerned." Lily stood there, breathing hard, as he took in her words. Then before she knew it, he was there, in front of her, crowding her against the hard concrete of the banister. "And I suppose the loyalty of a dog is more important than passion for you, isn't it?" he asked challengingly. Trembling from his sudden proximity, Lily could only stare up at him in defiance. Bending suddenly his mouth claimed hers, leaving nothing out, leaving no way for her to protest because he, in his all consuming heat knew just how her body responded to him. And traitorously so, her body began to ache because even though she willed her lips not to move, her breasts tightened from the closeness of his body and her stomach ached to be nearer. Her hands moved from being clenched in fists at her sides to his chests, giving one weak attempt at pushing him away. At the pressure, James opened her mouth with his, and used his tongue to change her pushing into pulling. Bringing him closer by his lapels. Lily was out of her mind. The taste of his mouth, the sensation of his tongue fighting hers, the expert way in which he always evoked such raw need within her was overwhelming. Then one of his large hands was skimming her bare back, and she felt her body involuntarily arching into him. Something seemed to snap in James at this movement, and he suddenly grabbed her around the waist, removing all remaining space between them. Lily let out a whimper at his display of control. Lips, tongues and teeth clashed and slid, as they went at each other. His other hand tangled in her red-hair anchoring them together. Her hair would be a mess when they were done. At that thought she suddenly came back to her senses. Using what was left of her strength she pushed him away with surprising force. James let go of her, stumbling back only a small step. His breaths coming out in hard pants, his hazel dark and full of lust. She knew looked much worse. Her hair was falling around her shoulders, having been pulled from the loose updo it had been styled in before he had ravished her. Her lips felt swollen and her breasts heaving. They stood there trying to regain their breathing and self-control. He kept himself close to her. Looking down at her with a studying eye as she glared up at him. What had she been thinking? "Everything okay out here, Lily?" Lily jumped at the sound. Looking over James' shoulder, she could see Rourke standing in the doorway out to the terrace. A concerned look graced his features. Lily's cheeks burned with a blush of embarrassment. James however, just turned towards the man, standing territorily in front of Lily. As Lily noted this, she wanted to cry. He had only kissed her to sabotage her. Ruin whatever life she had without him. She couldn't take another moment in his presence. Brushing past James, she quickly made her way to Rourke, who held out his arm to her. "Please, just take me home," she told him desperately, and they left without looking back. … James was left reeling on the terrace. What the bloody hell had come over him? He'd seen red when she'd declared that this new pretty boy was important to her. Her green eyes had flashed mutinously at him and it was all he could do not to take her right then and there on the terrace. He swore; she always had the power to do this. To drive him totally out of his mind. To forget all consequences. Gritting his teeth, he knew it would be best to forget the whole episode. And with that thought, he went off in search of Fiona. Because for once and for all he was going to get Lily Evans out of his mind. AN: Please leave your thoughts, and of course go read the original!