the sleeping bag, raised her eyebrow at him. He'd never fallen to the floor that quickly in his life. She grinned as he moved to kiss her again, put one hand on her hip, one in her hair, and pulled himself over her, and then her hands were moving frantically over him again, pulling him with her as she laid down. They both moaned when their hips knocked together, James sucked in a sharp breath when she did it again, groaned when he moved his hand from her hip, slid it between them, and realised how wet she was. She'd arched her neck when he brushed his fingers along her clit, broke the kiss, and when he did it again, more firmly this time, and she moaned in his ear, James knew that he wanted to hear that sound every goddamn day for the rest of his fucking life. He slid down, dropping kisses as he went, moved his hand to her hip, put his mouth on her, didn't stop until she arched against him, her thighs shook, and her moans exploded in his ears. 'James,' she grabbed his arms, pulled him up, kissed him again, murmured, 'if you don't get a condom right now, I swear to god,' against his lips. He swore, leaned back and scanned the room for his bag, rolled off her and grabbed the box buried at the bottom. She pushed herself up onto her elbows as he opened it and pulled one out, tossed the box back into the bag. 'You brought an entire box, ' she asked, quirking an eyebrow at him. James shook his head, rolled his eyes, tore the foil packet open, 'My brother put it in there. He thinks he's hilarious.' Lily laughed, 'He also clearly has too much faith in you if you never even opened the damn thing while you were - ' He'd settled back on top of her, ran his hand up the length of her side, kissed her again, smiling against her lips when she groaned into his mouth, wrapped her leg around his hip, and pressed him against her. 'We done taking the piss,' James asked, moving to kiss down her neck, reaching down so that he could position himself. Lily moaned into his ear, 'Just fuck me.' When James woke up the next morning, his whole side was warm. Lily was still pressed against him, her breath hot on his neck, her fingers warm against his skin. He wanted to shift them out from underneath the sleeping bag, but he couldn't bring himself to move. He just lifted his right arm, carefully, and wedged his hand under his head so that he could look at her. Her head was nestled in the crook of his neck, her dark red hair curling down her back, trailing across his chest, leaving glitter all over his skin. Her arm was wrapped low around his waist and he could see the freckles along her arms, on her shoulders, on her lower back. The light from the sun outside was still a rich orange, and even though he knew that he should go back to sleep, he couldn't stop looking at her, the way her skin glowed in the early morning light, the way her fingers twitched against his abdomen just a little bit, pressed into his skin, pulled him just that much closer to her. He pressed his fingers into her back, pulled her into him. He turned his head just a bit, his chin bumping up against her forehead, and she stirred, groaned into his skin, 'You better not be waking me up.' He chuckled, 'No, Evans, never,' but at his words she just groaned again, buried her face deeper into his neck, tightened her grip around his waist. He turned onto his side and she huffed, 'I was comfortable,' but James just laughed, pressed a kiss to her forehead, 'I don't care,' he said, reaching out and brushing a piece of hair off of her forehead, 'I want to see you.' She didn't even bother opening her eyes to look at him, just tried to scoot forward and press her face into his chest. He chuckled again, grabbed her hip to still her and she opened her eyes just a fraction to glare at him. He was beaming when she caught sight of him and she huffed again, 'Stop staring at me,' but there was a smile tugging on the corners of her lips now. He laughed, pulled her a little closer to him. 'Sorry,' he said, reaching out and running his fingers along her cheek, down the side of her neck, 'I can't.' She opened her eyes fully then, 'You're pathetic,' she said, but the way she reached up, curled her fingers into his hair suggested a different story altogether. 'Yeah,' he said, and he pressed her hip so she was lying on her back, rolled so he was hovering over her. She raised an eyebrow at him, 'Well, this just got interesting.' She was looking at him, her dark green eyes shining in the light streaming through the tent, waiting for him to do something, but she was so gorgeous just then, so unbelievably beautiful that he just had to - He reached up over his head, and Lily laughed, tilted her head so that she could watch him, 'What are you doing?' He grabbed his mobile from the floor, swiped to open the camera, and moved the phone back between them, positioned her face in the frame. He smirked at her over top of the mobile, 'Contact picture.' And even though she had a bit of mud smeared over her left eyebrow and her hair still had that fucking glitter paint in and she'd just woken up, the smile on her face, the memory of her laugh ringing in his ears as he snapped it, the way her body felt pressed against his made it the most beautiful picture he'd ever seen.