that! You're hurting yourself!' Setting the Time-Turner down, The Woman stalked towards her. Hermione flung herself backwards into the wall. 'No! Stay away from me. Dont touch me! Please don't do this! PLEASE! ' she yelled, her heart beating a violent tattoo against her chest. 'PLEASE DONT DO THIS TO ME! RON! HARRY! MUM! ' The witch stopped dead in her tracks. She slammed her eyes shut, shaking her head. The Woman raised her hand and began beating it against her forehead. The sound of slapping flesh rang throughout the room, breaking the silence that had followed Hermione's desperate cries. Hermione could do nothing beyond watch with trembling limbs, dry lips and rapidly falling tears. Scared of bringing attention to herself, she willed her shaking body to still. Positive that the elder witch could hear every beat of her heart and that every exhaled breath echoed across the walls. She wished they wouldn't be so loud. Now that she knew her purpose, why she had been taken - she would not make a sound. No sooner had she thought that, did a strangled breath ring throughout the room. The Woman's eyes shot open. Hermione's eyes darted to the small decaying body and just as quickly returned to the unstable mother before her. She saw The Woman raise her wand and Hermione knew what was going to happen half a second before it did. 'NO!' cried Hermione as she raised her arms, trying to shield herself. '-Imperio!' She heard the rushing sound, saw a rainbow coloured flash... and a sense of calm. She felt relaxed. Her troubles non-existent. There was only comfort and peace. A deep happiness that assured her everything was fine. The witch moved but it didn't matter. She heard and felt the rune circle break, but it barely registered. She'd known it was important and for a brief moment, Ron's face swam before her eyes. Before a thought could form, his image was pushed aside by a distant echo. 'Pick up the Time-Turner... Pick up the Time-Turner...' Her feet moved. Her hand reached out and then she was holding the small hourglass with blood stained fingers. Almost instantly, the time piece begin to rattle and glow a brilliant white. A final shudder and the eerie glow faded away, leaving behind a silver Time-Turner. A brush against her arm, an exhilarated laugh and rapid muttering. 'Fascinating... Unexpected... Problematic...' Her heart raced. The Woman's voice grew clearer and Hermione frowned. She saw the black-haired witch approach her and felt cold fingers brush her fringe aside. A strange expression on the elder woman's face, the corners of her mouth curving upwards. She blinked, brown eyes studying the Time-Turner in her hand, knowing something was wrong. 'Thank you Hermione. This - I...' the older woman shook her head. Her eyes bright and a beautiful smile on her otherwise plain face. Chapped lips caressed her forehead. 'Safe trip love.' The Unspeakable raised her wand one final time and a new echo whispered its command. 'Turn the hourglass 23 times...' Her hand shook as she followed her orders. One... two... Her eyes stung and her chest ached. ... Ten... Eleven... Twelve... Bloody fingers slipped as silent tears moved down her cheeks. A twinge in the back of her mind. A distant voice. Fight it! Fight it Hermione! Are you a witch or aren't you?! As quickly as it had come, it was gone. Pressure behind her eyes urging her to finish the task. ... Seventeen... The hourglass' smooth surface turned over and over again in her palm. This was wrong. She didn't want to do this. She wanted to go home. She had to complete her task first though. ... Twenty-three. Her heart pounded in her ears. Her body trembled. Hermione blinked, swallowing thickly as the seconds passed. It didn't work, a voice whispered to her and a heaviness settled on her chest, making it harder to breathe. Somewhere in the room, The Woman had begun to sing her lullaby. Then the Time-Turner began to tremble. It burned that brilliant, luminescent white again and all the air seemed to leave the room. Hermione felt a powerful gust of wind slam against her chest. Suddenly, she was flying backwards at a rapid speed. Colours and shapes were rushing past her, bleeding into each other, becoming one giant unrecognizable mass. As the world she knew disappeared from under her feet, in a swirling vortex of colour and rushing sound, did the spell completely lift. Her head began to pound. She struggled as her body twisted and turned. Violent wind rushed past her, causing her hair to whip her in the face. She couldn't breathe and her lungs burned from lack of oxygen. Then her feet touched solid ground. Her shaking knees buckled from under her and she fell forward, landing on her hands and knees. Trembling all over, gasping for breath and running on pure instinct she raised her head. Only to find herself at the end of a wand. Following its upward path, she found herself staring into a pair of frightened blue eyes, framed by red hair. Flashes of colour highlighting his bloodied features. A vivid green light danced across his bruised flesh, giving his pale skin and wild eyes a greenish hue- turning the blood on his face a rustic brown. He looked as if he'd been Kissed she idly mused. And then she began to scream. A /N: Hello. Welcome to my fic. I've had this plot bunny in my head for quite some time but never did anything with it. Then one random day, after another failed attempt at searching for an M-rated, EWE, Time-Turner fic that focused on realism, I finally gave in and wrote it down. Hopefully, my little prologue was enticing enough to keep some of you interested. Whether you continue on to the next chapter or not, I thank you for giving Silver a try. Either way, reviews are encouraged and they will be loved. Erica x