he is?" My stomach rolled over and I felt sick. It hadn't even been a day, and I'd already failed. "I's is sorry sir! Mister Potter sir has an invisibility cloak sir, that I is not being able to see through! He is not being in the tower, sir!" Of course, Harry fucking Potter just had to have the only fucking invisibility cloak in the fucking world that house elves couldn't fucking see through. Oh god. He was somewhere in the school. He had a poison that would kill painlessly, and possibly a death wish. Or maybe he was going to poison someone else. And I had no idea where he was, and no way of tracking him. "How quickly will you be able to find him once he takes the cloak off?" He wouldn't die invisible, right? And if he was poisoning someone else, well, then that person should have taken a little more care to not get poisoned by a fucking school boy. Merlin, this whole situation was a complete nightmare. "Less than a minute, sir, for sure! We is good at finding people, sir! Anywhere in the wards!" Mipsy seemed relieved that I wasn't angry. Or maybe relieved that she hadn't doomed Potter. The house elves all loved the brat. "Come get me the second you find him!" I told her. She'd be able to find me, just like she'd be able to find Potter once he took the cloak off. Seriously, what was that thing? No wonder James Potter had managed to get into so much trouble. I grabbed an antidote and headed out of my office, and up a few flights of stairs. I sincerely doubted Potter would be in the dungeon, and I was willing to take that risk. With luck, he would end up nearby, and I'd be able to reach him post haste. While I could understand why the wards were set up so as not to allow house elves to transport passengers, it was a real pain in situations like this. Mipsy appeared only a few minutes later. "Astronomy tower!" she said, and I was off running before she'd even finished the first word. Of course the boy would pick the highest point in the castle. Six flights of stairs later, and I was not only extremely out of breath, but standing at the top of the tower, wind whipping furiously at my cloak. It was surprisingly bright, with a full moon that normally would have chilled me to my bones but now only provided a useful light by which to see Potter. And boy, was he a sight. He was sitting on the edge of the tower, facing out into the darkness, but he turned to look over his shoulder when he heard me. His eyes were dark, and I suspected his pupils were dilated. That plus his strange pallor indicated he had taken the potion. At least it meant he wouldn't fight me. He was sitting up, although he was swaying slightly, so thankfully I still had some time. Soon he would be unable to support himself at all. And from his position, he would fall backwards when his muscles gave out, not forwards. Backwards off the tower. "Potter," I said hesitantly. The boy stared blankly at me for a moment, then slowly, his eyes narrowed. He was wearing a white button-up over black pants, the standard school uniform, minus the robe. His untucked shirt was buttoned incorrectly, and his sleeves had been haphazardly rolled up. The wind whipped at his hair, messing it up even further. "Pofess- pofesso'," he slurred. "What- what're you doin' here?" "Potter, I've come to help you." I stepped forward slowly. He was probably too far gone already, but the last thing I wanted to do was startle him. Potter frowned at me. It was a sharper expression than I'd expected to see on his face, considering. "No thank you," he murmured, and turned away from me again. What the devil. "Potter!" I said sharply, and he quickly turned his head toward me again. He was much too alert for someone who had taken the calming death. Perhaps he hadn't taken it at all? A moment ago I had been so sure. "I don't feel calm," he told me. He didn't look calm, either. What the fuck was going on? "Drink this, and we can talk about it," I said, trying for a soothing tone. I was no good at this, damn it. And certainly not with the son of the man I despised. "Why would I want to talk to you?" He let out a harsh laugh. How was he so lucid? Lucid enough to fucking stand up on the wall of the Astronomy tower . "Potter!" I said, panic rising. I liked the calm one better. "I'm sorry, professor," he said, shaking his head. "But don't you see? This is how it has to be." "Don't be stupid," I said, much too harshly, for Potter shook his head wildly. The wind was picking up now, enough that I had to shout to be heard. Potter's gaze met mine, and although I couldn't see the color in just the moon light, I could see how bright his eyes were. My mind flashed unwittingly to my discussion with Umbridge. Potter, seeking attention, making up lies. No regard for his personal safety. Standing on the edge of the Astronomy tower at midnight under a full moon, hair flying everywhere. Of course he would pick the moment of maximum drama. Potter must have seen something change in my face, because he let out a wild laugh. "Of course it's you!" he shouted at me. "Of course it would be you here, of all people!" I knew what he meant, but I still found myself taken aback by the anger in his voice. Seriously, what the hell had happened to that poison? And in my moment of distraction, Potter took a step backwards, and disappeared from view.