so certain, that he was trying to kill her because holy fuck did he know what he was doing. While his hands had taken their time tracing her skin, his tongue went straight for the kill - she was coming apart at the bloody seams, and the more she gasped, arched her back, pressed her hips in vain against his arm, wound her fingers in his hair, the faster he got, driving her rapidly towards the edge. It was probably only a few minutes, but it could have been years, decades, and she wouldn't have noticed, before he pushed two fingers inside of her, moaned against her, and she fell apart in his hands. He pressed a few final kisses to the inside of her thighs, smiling triumphantly against her skin when she jerked, just a bit, and kissed his way back up her body before finding her lips again. She reached down to his hips, started pushing on the band of his boxers - he finally got the hint. "Have you got - " She nodded, "Get those off," and turned, reached over to her bedside cabinet and pulled a condom out of the top drawer. James groaned, "Thank god," and Lily laughed, a bit breathlessly, as she tore the package open. Lily took him in her hands, slid the condom on, and James moaned, "Fuck, Lily," kissed her again. The immediate prospect of being inside her made his hands tremble against her skin, his lips move more urgently against hers, and Lily was eager to capitalise on this new energy. She wrapped her legs around his waist, pulled him against her. He broke the kiss, pressed his forehead against hers, swore again, "Fuck." Lily laughed, "I'm trying." James chuckled, "You're ridiculous," but he reached between them, positioned himself, pressed into her, and whatever jesting might have blossomed in that moment became a shared moan. James pressed his forehead to hers, "Fuck, fuck, fuck, you're amazing," and Lily pressed her heels into his back, "James." It was whinier than she'd intended, but she didn't give a single fuck. He moved slowly at first, torturously slowly, and even though she wanted to chastise him for it, for trying to kill her twice in one night, it also felt so good and he was hitting just the right spot and she couldn't bring herself to tell him to change what he was doing for anything, not when it was working so well. She could feel the tension building again, sank her fingers into his shoulders, "More." James leaned down, pressed hot kisses to her neck, "Harder? Faster? What?" Lily groaned as he hit a particularly sensitive spot, "Both. Right there. Again." He groaned, swore, followed her instructions. It wasn't long before she was trembling underneath him again, on the edge of another climax - he pressed his mouth to hers, moved one hand between them, pressed a thumb against her clit, moved it in something vaguely resembling a rhythm (though at this point, she was so close it didn't much matter) - "Come for me, Lily." A few more swipes of his thumb and she was falling apart around him again. He moved just a bit faster, pressed a kiss to her jaw, before he stilled above her, buried his face in her neck. James rolled off her, let his breathing slow for just a moment, before he pushed himself off the bed, "Where's your - " Lily pointed, "Out the door, down the corridor, on the right." James nodded and disappeared. Lily climbed out of bed and walked out into the corridor, grabbed her bag off the floor and fished out her mobile before walking back to her room. She tapped out a quick message to Marlene and Dorcas - Not dead. Did just have the best sex of my life though. You'll get all the dirty details tomorrow Xxxx - and tossed her phone onto her chest of drawers before falling back in bed. When James came back a minute later, condom free and exhausted looking, he flopped down onto the bed beside her, wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her to him, their chests touching, his eyes moving softly over her face. "I have to say," his breath was hot against her face and the corner of his lips twitched just a bit, "I've travelled the world and there's no other girl like you." "Oh!" Lily slapped his chest and he just laughed, tightened his hold on her waist and pulled her closer, buried his face in her neck. "I am serious, though," he whispered it into her hair, and she was glad he did, because otherwise he would have noticed the brilliant flush that painted her cheeks. "You don't know anything about me," she whispered. He pulled back, threaded his fingers into her hair, "As someone who's been known to give his all," she scowled and he just laughed, "I think I'd dive into you, Evans." Lily quirked an eyebrow, "Didn't you just…" He roared with laughter, buried his fingers in her ribs, "YOU CHEEKY BASTARD!" She just laughed, swatted his hands away and, when that didn't work, she grabbed his face, pulled his mouth to hers in hopes of distracting him. He chuckled against her lips, "I know what you're doing," but he kissed her anyway, his fingers moving to her back, pressing her against him. It was soft this time, lazy, like they had all the time in the world, and though her gut has started coiling, tightening again, it wasn't just desire anymore. It was something deeper than that, something that, with all her other relationships, had terrified her. But with James… it felt as natural as breathing. He pulled back, brushed his thumb along the apple of her cheek, studied her for a moment, "Get dinner with me tomorrow." She tried to be cool but she knew she was smiling so brightly it could have lit up the universe, "Yeah, alright."