what I want to do with my life. I feel like it's unfair to expect 15 or 16 year olds to know what they want to do for the rest of their lives. So, Professor Longbottom just told me to take as many classes I was comfortable taking, and the Ministry would probably hire me for some bizarre job. Worst case scenario, I could work and my mum or dad's shop for a while until I found a job in the wizarding world. My parents lived in Stratford-Upon-Avon, where my mum owned a flower shop, and my dad owned a bookstore. If you haven't picked up on it by now, I'm a muggleborn. I think I mentioned it. I have two non-magical (that I know of) siblings, Ellie, who was three, and Henry, who was just over a year old. I missed them a lot. Since there was such a significant age gap between me and my siblings, it was hard to leave them, and miss all the big milestones. I missed first words, first steps, first bicycle ride, and the first day of preschool. It was hard, but learning magic was probably the only thing in the world that was a justifiable reason to miss it all. "Kat, you have to learn to put yourself first." Sighed Ezra, "Letting your roommates be assholes to you, taking a class you hate-" I raised my eyebrows "-fine, strongly dislike, just to make your teacher happy, owing the world's biggest shithead cat…" "Cleo's fine," argued Finn, "But everything else I agreed with. There's nothing wrong with putting yourself first." I shrugged, "I just feel shitty when I say no to someone." "But you'll say no to me when I ask you to try out for the Hufflepuff team!" exclaimed Finn antimatedly. "See! Look, I'm disproving your point, and putting myself first!" I said, thankful that Finn had brought it up. I had completely forgotten. "I don't want to make a fool out of myself in front of the entire Quidditch team, so I'm not trying out." "Yet," countered Finn, "You'll tryout, trust me." I ignored his comment, knowing it was useless. "Look, I'm sorry that my decision making skills are frustrating for you. But I like the way I do things, and I appreciate how you respect my decisions." It was true. Despite Finn and Ezra's annoyance at my roommates, Anna, Maggie, and Vanessa, they never once voiced a complaint to a teacher. They were Hufflepuffs through and through, despite their stark deviance from the norm. They were loyal to me, and respected my wishes. Even though we were a merry band of misfits, we stuck together, and listen to each other. That's just what Hufflepuffs do. I checked my watch, a simple faux-gold muggle watch. I would never understand the wizarding watches. It was half past ten. "I should be getting to bed," I said with a yawn. "Want us to come with you?" asked Finn, who was clearly still very awake. I'd heard that other houses didn't allow boys into girl's dorms. In Hufflepuff, it was allowed. I think Helga placed too much trust in a cluster of horny teenagers. "It's fine," I said, waving my hand as I stood up and stretched. My back cracked loudly, causing Ezra to wince. "I doubt that Anna, Maggie, and Vanessa would want you in the dorm." "Fuck what they think, we can do what we want!" said Ezra, starting to stand up, but I used my man shoulders to push him back down. I shook my head at his attempts, and said "I'll meet you guys here tomorrow morning at 7:30?" The nodded in agreement, although it was a bit grumpily from Ezra. Then again, when wasn't he grumpy? I waved good-bye to my friends, and went down the rounded hallway to the girl's dormitory. It was in year-order, which left me second from the end. Anna, Maggie, and Vanessa were already in there. They had moved their beds into a circle (is it considered a circle if there's only three points?), and were gossiping loudly, from what I could tell. They had cast an anti-eavsdropping charm, so I was just going off of their body language. My bed was apart from theirs- it even looked like they had pushed it away. Cleo was curled up at the foot of the bed, and was purring rather loudly. I went into the bathroom (the door was right by my bed, and I didn't have to walk through their anti-eavsdropping charm just to brush my teeth), and started my routine. I don't want to say that it's complex, but it is a little long. I wash my face twice, clean it with micellar water and toner, and then apply night cream and eye cream. Then I brush my teeth. If you're wondering why, you're not alone. Finn and Ezra are completely baffled by why I do it. I used to have really bad acne from 3rd year to about the beginning of 5th year. Since I'm a muggleborn, I had to learn to use muggle techniques, otherwise I would be helpless during the summer. Finn and Ezra always tell me that I should just use a cleaning charm, but if it ain't broke, don't fix it. I went to bed while the girls were still gossiping, and cast a silencing charm so I wouldn't be disturbed when they all got up to brush their teeth. Cleo had sleepily walked up to where my face was against the pillow, and curled up near me, his purrs still sounding remarkably like a lawnmower. "Goodnight, Cleo," I said sleepily, "Here's to sixth year." Okay, so that was the first chapter. I've finished the second chapter, but I'm still editing it and working on the third. I like how the second chapter turned out, so I think you guys have something to look forward to. Anyway, please review, it really means the world to me. :) Love, ElleLupin