smiling, softly, forced, her eyes shifting to steal glances of the frowning professor. Her lips curled into a smile and she could not help but to brush her fingers across Professor Snape's face. It was the only picture she had of him and of them together. She slipped it into her notebook. It never left her since. (Sometimes, sometimes she would take it out and look at it and smile. Oh, she would smile.) If it was a crush, why did the thought of him still sent shivers down her spine and constricted her lungs and sent pangs of unidentified sensations to her heart. She missed their debates. She missed their intellectual conversations. She missed him. After the battle at the Department of Mysteries, he had been the one who cared for her. The ten potions per day were all brewed by him and administered by Mdm Pomfrey. She was unaware of his nightly check on her, looking after her once night had taken over and leaving before the crack of dawn. But she knew that it was him who gave them the sword. She knew it. She had taken the portrait of Phineas Black in hopes of having some form of correspondence with Professor – no, Headmaster – Snape. He was an enigma. Everything about him screamed "evil" but she knew how he had protected them, knew how gentle he could be, knew how he had sacrificed so much for Dumbledore and the Order and yet, there he was, cruel and infuriating and vicious. But she believed. She believed in him. She believed in him even if no one else did. Call her stupid, naïve, she didn't care. He had tried to protect them from Quirrell. He had protected them from a werewolf, followed them into the Shrieking Shack knowing what would happen, even if his memories of the past were still as clear and fresh as the day it had happened. He had protected them from a man he believed to be a murderer and a werewolf in full moon. He had always been helping them, some way or another. Quietly. She knew her own mind and she knew that he was always on their side. When Ron kissed her, part of her wished it were him . The thought had sent fresh waves of guilt; Ron was wonderful, really, and she shouldn't, mustn't hurt him. Not like this. Never like this. He liked her. He loved her. But she - Maybe… Maybe she would tell him about her crush once the war was over. Get it over and done with. Let her start anew. (Lies. You know that you love him. You know that. You love Professor Snape.) She watched him die. She watched life seep from his body. His blood stark against his pasty skin that seemed to turn grey as the seconds ticked by. They couldn't – She couldn't – His screamed wrecked a hole in her heart and she wanted so badly to burst into the room, but she couldn't. She must not. They waited until You-Know-Who left before scrambling in. He gave Harry his memories, the silver liquid swirling around the flask she conjured. He looked so broken, so vulnerable and she wished and wished and wished she could do something, anything. He was dying. There was nothing they could do. She kneeled before him, tears streaming down her face. With trembling fingers, she tentatively touched his cheek, which was a lot more sunken and hollow than she had remembered. Her chest constricted. 'Professor,' she murmured. There was no response. She could taste her tears. 'Wake up. Please. I -' The words are stuck in her throat. There were so many things she wanted to say. So many questions she wanted to ask. So many things but… He could not be dead. The Professor could not be dead. Her Professor could not be dead. They were supposed to survive the war remember? He was supposed to survive and be free and lead a life governed by himself and – He was not supposed to die. He lived. He survived the first war. He was a spy. A double agent. He was not supposed to die. She choked back a sob, her nails digging into her thighs. It wasn't fair. So many dead. Too many dead. And more will be dead. 'You promised me. You -' She took in a shuddering breath. The war raged on outside. She stood up, tears still running, and left to join the battle. ('I love you,' she whispered. There was no one to hear her words, only the dead body of the person she loved.) (She had so much to say, but she was too late.) (I love you. IloveyouIloveyouIloveyou) She stared at his portrait. 'You died. You bloody died so you don't have any right to meddle in my private life,' she hissed. She wanted to scream at the painting. 'Clearly, Miss Granger,' Painting-Snape drawled, arching his eyebrows, obviously trying to suppress a chuckle. She flushed. He was still infuriating as a painting. But Merlin, he was here, pseudo alive, talking to her, teasing her, riling her up. Frustrating man. His dark eyes stared at her through the canvas. He looked so real that she wanted to touch him. It almost felt as though he was alive, breathing and kicking and made of flesh and bones, not paint and canvas and magic. Her heart wouldn't stop collapsing in itself. It would stop yearning for him. It hurt. It felt as though someone had given her the ocean and had forgotten that she couldn't swim but there she was, in the waters, drowning but still so very, very happy as though she had belonged there. She still… She still – She supposed that it was the last chance she could say it. 'I lo-' She stopped herself. 'Hmm?' 'Nothing,' she sighed. 'Now stop being so infuriatingly annoying and tell me what is wrong with my potion.' 'My pleasure.'