of her jacket pocket, entered James' number into her contacts, and turned the phone nervously around in her hands. 'Nervous flier,' James asked, shooting her another look as the line moved up a bit more. 'No,' she said, still fiddling with her phone, 'just, uh…' She fell silent, unsure of what to say or how to phrase it, how to explain that she wanted to see him again when she moved to Chapel Hill ( if she moved to Chapel Hill - Al had seemed pretty damn certain, but if academia had taught her one thing, it was to never get too excited before the signed contract is in your hands) - it was probably just that simple, an easy 'I'd like to see you again when I get here,' but she was nervous about the distance building a wall, breaking something that wasn't honestly even something that could be broken yet. They pulled up into the next drop off spot, and James undid his seatbelt, turned in his seat to study her while he waited for the rest of her sentence. Even if she'd managed to figure out what she wanted to say, she would have lost the thread again when he looked at her. His hazel eyes were dark, a rich amber with flecks of warm brown, and when they burned into her like that it made her heart stutter in her chest and her breathing sharp and shallow. She leaned over just a bit, her gaze flicking between his eyes and his lips, her breath catching in her chest as she tried to talk herself out of doing the one thing that she now couldn't get out of her head. James mimicked her, leaned just a bit, his elbow resting on the centre console, his eyes lingering longer and longer over her lips. She was just about to say fuck it, lean the rest of the way, bury her fingers in the hair at the base of his neck and kiss him, when someone sounded their horn behind them and she jumped. 'Oh, fuck off,' she said, probably a bit louder than she should have, and she held her hand up at the guy through the back windshield. James laughed, the bubble they'd been in effectively burst, 'You're so New York!' She gave him the finger, too, which just made him laugh harder, shake his head at her. 'We should get out, though,' James said, and he leaned back across the car, popped the trunk, and climbed out. Lily scrambled out of her side of the car, desperate to get her bag from the back before James did, but he'd already gotten her bag out and on the ground when she got around the back of the car. She sighed, 'I was hoping I'd beat you.' James laughed, 'Gotta be faster than that if you want to stop me being a gentleman, Evans.' Lily pretended up gag and James grinned, 'You love it.' She rolled her eyes. They lapsed back into a moment of silence, both unsure how to handle this goodbye, but desperate to handle it before anymore assholes decided to start beeping at them. James stuck out his hand just when Lily had leaned forward, started pressing herself up onto her toes, and they both laughed awkwardly. James reached up and buried his hand in his hair again, shifted his weight from one foot to the next, and though she was nervous and knew that this could absolutely be the wrong decision, she'd had enough of it. She stepped forward, leaned up onto her toes, reached up and wrapped her hand around the base of his neck, pulled his mouth to hers. She kissed him lightly, chastely, just brushed her lips against his, but she could already tell that she'd made a colossal mistake, because James' hands had jumped immediately to her waist and his lips were so fucking soft and he smelled so ridiculously good and now all she wanted to do was press herself up against him completely and push that stupid wool jacket off of his shoulders and have her way with him. As they were standing in the middle of the airport drop off, though, she didn't do any of those things. Instead, she lowered herself back down onto her feet, took a step back (James let his fingers trail over her sides as she went and that alone seriously tested her resolve). She sighed, breathed a laugh, 'So, uh, I'm going to go, now?' James nodded, licked his bottom lip, and though he looked like he was going to step closer to her and kiss her again, he stayed where he was. 'Yeah,' he said, 'you don't want to miss your flight.' She nodded absently, much more interested in her next question than in the flight she had to catch, 'I'll see you when I'm back here? Assuming I get the job?' James was nodding fervently before she even finished her sentence, 'Without a fucking doubt, Evans.' She grinned, 'Uh oh, Potter, you're going to catch my New York if you're not careful.' He laughed, reached over, grabbed her hand, squeezed it in his. 'I'd say that's worth it, Evans.' She bit the corner of her lip, and James squeezed her hand for just a moment more before he dropped it, let his hand fall back to his side. 'You better get going,' he said, 'or you'll miss your flight.' Lily nodded, grabbed the handle of her bag, turned, and started towards the door. She managed to keep herself from looking until she was a few feet away from the entrance before she turned around. James was standing there, his elbows on the top of his car, watching her go, and he smiled, waved when he caught her eye. She beamed, waved one last time, and, before she could talk herself out of it, walked into the airport. Surprise, this is a two shot. Chapter two up next Sunday x