Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall "When do you want to get your school things?" Alexandria asks. "Can we do it today?" Harry asks. "Sure." The two say. Later that day The three are in Diagon Alley buying Harry his school things and he got somethings from his vaults again. He visited the Peverell vault when he notices a wand that is 13 inches in length and it flies to him, which shocks him. He gets some books mainly from the Eveningshade and Slytherin vaults. Harry, Charles, and Natalie walk into the menagerie and a snowy white owl lands on Harry's shoulder. "Hello. You are a very pretty owl." Harry says. He sees the owl stand straighter and puff her chest out. He walks around and finds a golden egg. He walks up to the register. "Well I'll be. That owl likes no one, yet she is sitting on your shoulder. You are the first that she has taken a liking to. The egg is a phoenix egg. I've had it for almost a year and a half." The owner says. Harry pays for the egg and the owl that he names Hedwig. "Harry do you want to come in here?" Lucass asks standing in front of Ollivanders not knowing that Harry has a wand already. "Sure why not." Harry says. The three walk inside the musty smelling wand store. "Well if it isn't Miss Reese. It is good to see you.9 ½ inches Thunderbird tail feather. Powerful, excellent for transfiguration." Ollivander says with a smile. "It's Mrs. Elrick now Ollivander and my wand is still a perfect match for me." Alexandria says with a smile. "Good to hear. Now I believe you are here to help this young man find his wand correct?" Ollivander asks. "Yes, sir." Harry says. One hour and 213 wands later "Here try this one." Ollivander says. "Mr. Ollivander, we have been at this for an hour. I doubt we can find one for me." Harry says. He takes the Holly wand for it to shoot out of his hand and stick to the wall like a dart. "Curious." Ollivander says. "Sorry sir?" Harry asks. "You see what is curious is that this wand is the brother to the wand that attacked you and your family Mr. Potter." Ollivander says shocking Harry that he knows what happened seven years ago and who he is. "Voldemort?" Harry asks. "Yes. I want to try one more wand, Mr. Potter." Ollivander says. He leaves and returns carrying a green box and is a little pale since the box is glowing the same color as Harry's eyes as he gets closer. He opens the box and holds it open to Harry. "Try this one Mr. Potter." Ollivander says in fear of the wand. Harry raises his hand and the reddish-blackish and white candy cane swirled wand flies from the box and into Harry's hand surprising both. Once the wand lands in his hand, a burst of ice and snow shoot out of the wand, snow covers the floor and ice forms on the windows startling Lucas , who was looking out the windows. He turns around and freezes in his tracks and his breath catches in his throat as his eyes widen when he sees the wand. Ollivander's eyes widen and he pales. He drops to his knees bowing to Harry. "My Lord, you have returned." Ollivander says. "What are you talking about Ollivander?" Lucas asks once he finds his voice. "I am a servant to the Eveningshades." Ollivander says shocking the three. "Why do you have this wand then?" Harry asks. "The previous Lord Eveningshade asked me to hold it until the House of Eveningshade returned." Ollivander says. Harry, Lucas , and Alexandria leave the wand store after learning some things from Ollivander about the Eveningshades. September 1st Harry, Lucas, and Alexandria walk through the barrier onto platform 9 3/4. Harry is amazed to see the scarlet steam engine with steam floating around the boiler. "Good bye Harry." Alexandria says hugging Harry after he had put his stuff into a compartment. "Bye Harry." Lucas says. "Bye. I'll write once I get to Hogwarts." Harry says. "Okay we will be waiting for a letter to know what house you have been sorted to." Lucas says. "Okay." Harry says boarding the train as the whistle blows. He sits down as the train starts to move. He lets Hedwig out of her cage. She climbs up his shirt sleeve and sits on his shoulder. "I start at Hogwarts today." Harry says brushing her chest with his fingers. She hoots in reply. Harry looked out the window as the train left London and enters the countryside bound for Hogwarts. Harry grabs one of the journals of the last Lord Eveningshade to try to figure out what could have caused the disappearance of the Eveningshades. And there it is. There have been some changes to this first chapter, but other than that it is pretty much the same as the first chapter in Lord Evenigshade. Some chapters will have changes whether they be small or major or none at all. As always leave reviews except leaving flames. Don't bother leaving those types of reviews, because I will just ignore it or erase it. Now this Story will be updated every two weeks, since I have to go in and change parts of the rewrite. Till then, ElderH