stealing her boyfriend just when her memories finally returned. Now that she has killed Tom, she sheds the name 'Hermione' for life. It's too innocent, too good – and she is anything but. Instead, she returns to Hogwarts with the harrowing tale of Jeannette Dubois, a halfblood witch who lived in Uzès with her English rose of a mother and her father, a French baker who went to fight in the War and never returned. Her mother perished in the fire that ravaged wizarding Lyon during Grindelwald's attack in the summer of 1942 and poor distressed Jeannette Dubois stumbled her way to a distant sanctuary her mother had heard tales of, a castle in Scotland called Hogwarts. By the time she arrived, her magic had turned on her mind in an effort to protect its host, wiping it clean until the next tragic loss in her life beckons the return of her memories. She still prefers to be called Jean, reluctant to let go of her past entirely. She tells everyone that it's because it's what Tom knew her as and another little way to keep him alive – but in truth, when she thinks of Tom, she thinks of the way his eyes flew open in shock when she sank a knife into his stomach, the way his hands slipped away from her face to press against the blood, shaking in shock and fear and rage . She remembers him bleeding out on the dirty ground, breaths rough and staggered. A boy betrayed by a girl he thought loved him. That is the only way she keeps him alive. Outside of Hogwarts, the world continues to be destroyed by Muggles and magic alike. She graduates when Dumbledore is still cowering from his old love, escapes to tour South America and wizarding communities that are thriving in peace and prosperity. She throws herself into another task, one decidedly less violent: researching other wizarding cultures. For years, she immerses herself in another world entirely, one devoid of the ghosts from her past – she still carries them around in her mind, of course, but there is nothing to anchor them in her surroundings anymore – and eventually, it gets a little easier to breathe, a little easier to laugh, a little easier to love. By the time she returns to England, she has amassed enough knowledge to publish not one but several books and settles into a quiet cottage on the Isle of Skye, far out enough to be left alone but close enough to the land of her birth to be there within seconds. In between manuscripts and meanders into the local village, she visits her friends from school: Lilith with her Quidditch medals, Maggie with her husband, Ida with the bakers' boy and a baby. Minnie McGonagall is already stationed at Hogwarts and the thought makes her heart ache with a nostalgia that is now much easier to bear. When Hermione visits, Dumbledore offers her a job but she respectfully declines, feeling that it is still too early to return. There are other Dark Lords, of course. She thinks there always will be. The world needs someone stirring up trouble, for it is the way it works: hatred and resentment rises, only to be combatted by the law and love over and over again. Only when the possibility of a pureblood revolution led by Abraxas Malfoy becomes serious in the late 1950s does Hermione return to Hogwarts, though it is as Jeannette MacKinnon, a formidable Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher married to a Muggle with strawberry blonde hair and a wicked sense of humour. In some ways, he does remind her of Ron but with a maturity that that Ron never had the chance to grow into. There are plenty of differences between the two as well, enough for Hermione to be sure that she loves her husband for who he is and not because of who he looks like if one squints hard enough and turns their head to the side. Truthfully, too many years have passed since Ron's death for it to dictate her life anymore. So Hermione returns to Hogwarts as Jeannette MacKinnon, teaches her students to protect and defend, helps to groom the next generation into knowing how to defeat monsters like Abraxas Malfoy. She falls in love with academia again, falls in love with the big brown eyes of each of her children, falls in love with a castle she has known throughout time. She falls in love and she forgets the sharp bite of pain. By the time her eldest son befriends James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew, her heart doesn't convulse at the sight of boys who died far too young in another life. By the time Lily Evans very publicly kisses James in the Great Hall, she doesn't see them as parents of a boy she once knew but as humans in their own right. By the time one William Weasley swaggers into the Great Hall, she doesn't remember scars and wolf claws but thinks oh dear God, please tell me he isn't another Prewett boy. Of course, she is not quite as prepared for the moment she claps eyes on Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley and Harry Potter. By some miracle, they have managed to come into the world in the same year despite the fact that, without the threat of war, both the Potters and the Weasleys delayed their births by some years – they're even standing together, whispering excitedly as they stare at the Sorting Hat, glowing with their innocence. It shouldn't even be possible. After all, meddling with time has repercussions and she assumed that her younger self would be written out of this timeline entirely – but perhaps, the universe has always meant for these three to be together. Jeannette gazes down at the shy grins the three exchange and realises that her mission is finally over: at last, she is home. fin.