his waist. She started to mutter angrily about passionless English pigs after he disappeared around the corner, walking towards her bedroom. She didn't even wait to arrive her bedroom before she started shedding her clothes, leaving her sweatpants and her bra on the corridor, her everyday knickers flying towards the corner. She stood in front of her closet, trying to find some clothes fitting with her aims. After some considerations, she decided on a pair of small, lacy black underwear she bought from a muggle shop, but never wore. Its bra barely covered her nipples, leaving most her bosom bare, creating a mesmerizing ripple whenever she took a step. The knickers were from the same vein, barely more than a thong, they almost covered no part of her firm ass, only covering her womanhood. Even then, it was tight enough to outline it almost perfectly. Finally decided on her underwear, she started to rummage her stuff to pick a complimentary attire. Thinking a little, she decided on a pair of tiny, white shorts, small enough when she stood up, the full length of her legs were fully on display, and whenever she sat down, the low cut waist pulled back enough to reveal her knickers. To complement, she picked up an extremely tight fitting blouse that shows an incredible amount of cleavage, with a generous open midriff. She completed the set with a light makeup and a ruby lipstick. In total, she was feeling like a bombshell ready to make people explode. Wearing a small, but stylish slippers, she walked back to living room, where Harry currently sitting on the couch, reading, wearing only a pair of baggy shorts. "'ello Harry," Fleur said with a slightly sultry voice, her accent flaring a little after all the wine she had downed. "Hi, Fleur," he answered, raising his head a little, then he returned to his book without lingering. Pouting a little at his lack of attention, she walked slowly towards the couch, leaned in, and grabbed wine bottle, presenting him with a generous view of her breasts from an excellent vintage point, and asked, "Would you like to have some wine?" Harry answered negatively, sparing no more than a glance at her perfectly shaped breasts. Fleur sat down and filled another glass of wine in frustration, downing it on one sip. Filling another one to the brim, she sat next to him, browsing a magazine as she thought up another way of going forward. A small voice in the back of her head was shouting at her, saying she was a married woman and currently spending all this effort to arouse another man, but a few generous sip from her wine glass was enough to drown it. Her thoughts were disturbed by a small snoring sound. Looking towards the source of it, she saw Harry, dozed off where he was sitting, the book he was reading still on his chest. She frowned a little, annoyed that she lost her chance to tease him. Then, she noticed something that made her gasp in anticipation, there was a small tent rising in his shorts. She just sat there for a while, sipping wine and examining the outline of Harry's arousal. It was exciting at first, but as the minutes passed, she started to feel resentful of his shorts, preventing the display of the good stuff. Suddenly feeling daring, she reached towards his shorts, tracing the outline of his shaft with one of her delicate fingers. She could feel her excitement grow as she felt it twitch under her touch. She giggled a bit, then turned towards him in panic, fearing he might wake up. Seeing he wasn't moving, she reached again, this time wrapping her fingers around it, tugging a little. She licked her lips as she felt its growth, its hardness easily felt even across the rough texture of his shorts. Growing emboldened due to her success, her hazy mind stopped caring about how it would have looked if Harry suddenly woke up, finding his cock in the hands of his current landlady. She slowly pushed her hand through the leg of his shorts, grabbing his meaty stick, meeting no underwear on the way. Her breath quickened as her fingers completely encircled its meaty thickness, her hand failing to make a connection. Then, she used her other hand to slowly roll the leg of his loose shorts, lobbing the edge over his erection, revealing his large cock in its full endowment. She smacked her lips together in arousal at its glorious view. She grabbed it with both hands, gently tugging it. She started to wonder how a cock would taste. As a puritan, the sex meant vaginal sex for Bill, shooting down the idea of oral sex almost instantly a couple of times that she offered. But seeing it in some muggle films in her youth, she was still curious about the act itself. She leaned in, her tongue slipping out of its confines. Finding it tasty, she started to lick it across its length, making it grow even larger. Enjoying the taste, she parted her lips a little, swallowing top of his shaft, slowly bobbing her head up and down, just like these girls in the films did. Enjoying the musky smell, she continued to take more and more into her mouth, feeling her core starting to burn. Enjoying the feeling, she grabbed her own breasts, teasing herself as she continued to blow him. Pinching and twisting her erect nipples, she abandoned all caution as she devoured his cock, moaning on it. Then suddenly she heard him groan. Realizing she was about to get caught, she quickly pulled back, fixed the state of his shorts, and dashed out of the room. Despite her panicked state, she felt like she achieved some of the things she came here for. In her hurry, she didn't even notice she toppled a few decorations, nor she noticed Harry looking at her with an undecipherable expression…