the large table and sat on a chair. He knew he had to go back to the Ministry, to see if Harry was alright, if everyone was alright. But not right now. For now, he couldn't. The Reciprocation curse hadn't yet finished its work. Pain grew wild. It was everywhere. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Sirius thought he had just heard Bella's screaming her lungs out. Then she wasn't here anymore. Had she finally died? Was it over? Sirius tried to stand up, a bit too nauseous to care that he was still in his cousin's body. The world started to spin around. He fell to the ground, screaming as Bella had been screaming, only he did scream out loud. It felt like cold, very cold, so cold hands had grabbed his guts and were bending them in ways they should never be bent. A shiver crept down his spine. His skin seemed so heavy he felt like it was crushing his body, well, Bella's body, to dust. He looked up when he heard a loud crack. The bloody Kreacher. Of course. It was all his fault. He was the reason why he was in such a state, because this sorry excuse of a house-elf couldn't even do his duty right and be loyal to his master. "Mistress Bellatrix?" He sounded kreacherish, of course, but also genuinely concerned. Sirius winced even more than the pain was already forcing him to, as he thought of how he had never been anything to the house-elf, when all the other children of the House of Black had been. His mother's doing, surely. Sirius more or less managed to raise his head up, and began vomiting a black, dark, evil liquid. It lasted at least twenty seconds. Then Sirius Black felt pulled out. Freezing hooks were piercing his skin, or at least that was what it felt like, and some mysterious force was taking him out of the body he had been borrowing until now. Fear began to crawl in his head. He had no body to go back to. What would happen now? The last pull was the worst. To be skinned alive was a joke, surely, compared to that. When Sirius opened his eyes for the first time, he saw a bewildered Kreacher running to "Mistress Bellatrix?!" with a disgusting squeaking in his voice. "Stop it immediately." The house-elf stopped dead in his tracks at the order. "Disappear from my sight. I won't have you running back to Cissy, though. So you stay here, in the house, but where I can't see nor hear you for now. Your punishment will be decided later on." Kreacher mumbled something, but he was unusually polite all in all, looking at his master with something close to approval. When he disappeared, Sirius made a mental note to remember to investigate the house-elf's behavior. Kreacher would never had gone so mental as to suddenly approve of the blood traitor son of his Mistress. Not unless the filthy-scum-who-had-broken-his-mother's-heart had gone under a radical change of heart including an unwavering faith in blood purity and allegiance to Voldepants. And Sirius was pretty sure he had not decided to become a Death Eater nor to insult any half-blood or muggle-born during the last hours, so this was highly suspicious. The wizard bent over Bella's body. "Sorry, cousin dearest, but I'm not sorry at all. You shouldn't have killed me, and that's only one of your sins. You asked for it." He closed her terrified eyes. Then Sirius walked to the nearest mirror. He feared what he would see, but it couldn't be worse than being dead, or stuck in Bella's body, could it? Luckily for him, no one was at Grimmauld Place this night, being way too busy at the Ministry. If someone had been, he doubted his arrival would have been welcomed. Firstly because he had looked like Bellatrix Lestrange while coming in. Second reason, because of what he saw at the moment. He looked sick, sure, like he was going to puck his guts out, but he looked healthy at the same time. Sick, but nowhere as damaged as he had been in Azkaban. Nowhere as bad as after his escape from the world's safest wizarding prison. Nowhere as drained as he had looked, even after his slow recovery in this house, even with daily meals and healing potions. It was... as if he had never been to Azkaban. Well, he still had the memories, that at least was sure, and he wouldn't have minded losing them alongside with the physical damages, but it was something. So, he looked about to throw up, and nothing more. His body, which was really his to his relief, and not some random body, since you never knew with magic, and you surely didn't know with a dark spell that three persons had succeeded in performing in all history, was still aching all over. But Sirius knew he was likely to suffer side effects from the Reciprocation curse. The bloody thing had been powerful enough to bring his body back to this side of the Veil. Or maybe it had created a new body, similar to the last one. But it was definitely strong and fearsome dark magic. His recovery wasn't going to be nice. He could tell that much. Watching his image in the mirror attentively, he saw that he had dark circles under his eyes that he had never had before Azkaban, not even after an all-nighter. His temples too seemed a bit hollow, when it had never been before. He worried it was due to the use of the Dark Arts. Whatever, it wasn't as if he was planning to use dark magic ever again. Sirius winced at the thought. He had said the same the first time. And the time after that. And... He walked to the floo, trying not to think about his errors, and looked one last time at Bellatrix. "Time to go, cousin."