bloody time! He's such an arse! I've been nagging at him for two years! TWO YEARS!" Hermione laughed hard. "Harry said the same thing. Well, that it was about time. Wait...you have?" Ginny nodded enthusiastically. "Yes! I'm not the only one either! Mum has too." "Well, your nagging didn't work all that well, since I'm the one who broached the subject basically." Ginny's jaw dropped. "You asked him? That...that...PRAT!" Hermione snorted and shook her head. "No, he actually asked me. But I'm the one that brought up the fact that we had never talked about our kiss. We both said we had feelings for each other and that we would try our hand at something and he asked me for a date." Ginny shook her head with a grin. "At least he finally got the bullocks to ask. Even if you did have to basically persuade him into it." Hermione glanced out at the dance floor where Ron, Harry, George and a number of her other male ex-school mates were in the middle, dancing like wild men and laughed. "Yes, well, in between stuffing his face with chicken and potatoes. But it wouldn't have been Ron if he hadn't." Ginny followed her gaze, a snort of agreement leaving her nose. "If that isn't the truth, then I'm a weasel." It was Hermione's turn to snort. "Not anymore you're not. Now you're a Potter." Both girls dissolved into giggles as they continued to watch the boys make fools of themselves. A couple of hours and quite a bit of firewhiskey later, it was time for the bouquet and garter toss. Ginny was going first, and naturally the crowd of giggling women were pushing and shoving each other to try and get the best position, arms outstretched above them. Hermione stayed on the outside edge of the group, not intent on catching the bundle of flowers at all. It was much too soon for her to be thinking about marriage, thank you, very much. Ginny, looking over her shoulder, did a couple of practice swings, before clenching her eyes shut tight and turning forward, launching the bouquet end over end. At just the perfect moment, a long, dark skinned, slender arm jumped above the rest, fist clenching around the stem with a triumphant yell. Angelina had caught it. Hermione immediately turned to find George in the crowd, only to burst out into a fit of laughter at the look of utter mortification on his face. He quickly masked it with a grin as his girlfriend made her way to him with the flowers, giving him a swift kiss before he made his way to the middle of the floor. The girls cleared out as Ginny was maneuvered into a seat, while Harry stood next to her, already blushing furiously at the prospect of what was coming next. The men were boisterous in their taunting of him as he got down on his knees and started working his head and shoulders under Ginny's dress, keeping her modesty intact. She was blushing a deep scarlet as no doubt, Harry's lips were moving up her thigh to find the garter on her leg. Hermione was blushing herself as her brain sprouted up a vision of Ron one day doing the same to her. Ginny's leg kicked out as Harry began his retreat, emerging from the folds of her skirting with the elastic band in his teeth, grinning like the cat that ate the canary. He hooked the band around his fingers and aimed it at the crowd of his now family, and former classmates and let it fly. Heads tilted back as eyes watched it fly, and as it reached its peak and started to descend, Ron's eyes started to widen. There were multiple hands reaching for it, but with his height, it was making a beeline straight for him, and it landed, right across his unblinking eyes. Hermione gasped, staring wide eyed at him, the whole crowd was laughing, and she soon joined in as Ron stood there in abject shock, before he snatched the garter off his face. He was blushing as red as his hair as his eyes connected with hers and she stopped laughing. There in the blue, was another dimension that she wasn't used to seeing in his eyes, want. And he wanted her. Everyone else had gone their separate ways to enjoy the reception, oblivious to the moment they were having. Ron was stalking towards her, purpose in every stride, a smirk pulling one corner of his lips up. Hermione backed away with a grin, she felt she was being hunted, and if she was honest with herself, she kind of liked it. They quickly left behind the lit area of the Burrows backyard and were nearing Mr. Weasley's workshop, where she backed against the side of it, her eyes on Ron. When he caught up to her, his hands immediately cupped her face and brought his lips to hers in a bruising kiss, her arms winding around his neck. This kiss was just as good, if not better than the first time they had kissed, and she found herself stretching up onto her toes to pull closer to him. His tongue darted out from his mouth to trail along her lips and she obligingly opened her lips for him. This was new territory for her, she was unsure what to do, so she tentatively ran her tongue along his. With an answering growl, he pushed her further against the wall of the shed, his fingers threading into her hair. Who needed air when kissing was this pleasurable? She felt her body starting to heat, her arousal beginning to bloom between her legs, and it startled her. With her hands on his chest, she pushed Ron back, panting heavily, rasping out, "Ron, wait." A/N: I hope y'all enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it! Please review and let me know how much you loved it! XoXo, Elle.