in their relationship. She had thought Hermione had forgotten that, but apparently, she was wrong. She stood motionless, trying to decide what to do, but in the end, there was only one option for her. She didn't know whether Hermione was teasing her or not, but in the end, it didn't matter that much. It wasn't a chance she could miss. So, she walked towards the radio, an extra sway on her hips, and tweaked a bit until she found an appropriate song, upbeat and rhythmic. She took a deep breath, then the dance started, flowing and elegant, though she was keeping her movements quite restricted to keep anything unseemly from being revealed. After all, her dress wasn't very receptive for it. Her classical dance training was paying off greatly, as she flew from figure to figure without a conscious thought, allowing her to examine their expressions. Harry's face carried a hungry, aroused expression just like she expected, but Hermione's face, mirroring the same expression was a surprise. Gabrielle's face brightened as the hope soared in her heart. She understood why Hermione called it an audition. She took a deep breath, and relaxed the control of her allure, for the first time with someone near her. She knew that both could easily resist allure's dazzling effect, it was a minor challenge compared to Imperius, but still, its arousing effect would still affect them. A combination of hope and arousal burned Gabrielle's sense of shame to cinders. She stopped her attempts to keep the dress in place, and started dancing faster and faster, despite the dress' tendency to slid down. She stood in front of Harry, leaned, and rose in one smooth motion, the motion proving to strenuous for her dress, and its straps gave away. She felt a soft chill on her nipples, free from the confines of her dress. Her arms covered them, after a momentary lingering that allowed Harry to receive an eyeful, his mouth falling open a little. Her courage replenished by his explicit response, Gabrielle leaned forward, their lips separated by a hair's breadth. Her lips widened, tempted to push just a bit more to finally connect. Gabrielle pulled back, though it was one of the hardest things she had done in her life. She wanted his lips more than she wanted anything else, but she didn't want to risk the outcome of the challenge, despite suspecting they already decided before initiating the bet. Hermione liked to be in control of the situation far too much to leave such a thing to luck. Her show continued as her mind churned the answers, her dress sliding lower at every step, and it started tangling to her legs after a point. It was the time for the next step, she decided, and turned her back to Harry, the arm around her chest finally leaving its post. A glance to Hermione showed she was quite satisfied with the sudden change of scenery. Gabrielle bent over and pulled the dress down in one smooth motion, earning a gasp from Harry, who finally had an unrestricted sight to her perfectly shaped bottom. She walked to Harry in determined steps, dressed only in stilettos, her assets shaking attractively at each step. Harry's smile widened as she sat on his lap, his erection clear through his pants. A part of her mind was burning in shock, as what she was doing right now eclipsed all of her actions to the date with an order of magnitude, but the passion of the moment was enough to drown it. She could feel Harry's erection continue to grow, and she was struck with a desire to see it, so she fumbled with his pants, and freed his shaft, a twinge of fear in her heart, accompanied by a flood of excitement. It looked far too big to fit inside her, but still, if Hermione could, she saw no reason why she couldn't. She dragged her fingers over it, feeling its beat over her skin, but she didn't keep her hand on it. After all, they kept her waiting for a long time, so Harry deserved a wait of his own. Then, a smile beamed on her face as an idea to drive Harry crazy popped into her mind. She stood up and walked back to Hermione, not needing to look to know Harry's eyes were stuck to her derriere, bouncing with every step. She grabbed Hermione's hand and walked back to Harry, dragging Hermione with her. She kissed Hermione once more, whose mouth opened enthusiastically to accommodate Gabrielle's tongue. Harry still sat in his chair, his breathing loud. Gabrielle pulled back from the kiss, looking at Hermione's beautiful dress in pitying eyes, knowing she would ruin it with her next move. Then, she shrugged. That was what repair charms were for, she decided, and placed her hands on the edge of the dress, and pulled it apart, hard. The thin fabric of the dress showed no resistance to her exertion, easily being ripped, leaving Hermione in the same state of dress with Gabrielle, only in a pair of high heels, white in her case. Gabrielle resumed the kiss, but this time, her hands joined the fray, caressing Hermione's skin, satisfied by her heartbeat, mirroring Gabrielle's frantic beats. Gabrielle sank her fingers into Hermione's chest, her hard nipples pressing into her palms, They a bit smaller than her own, but no less perky. Hermione didn't waste much time before answering in turn, her fingers disappearing into Gabrielle's tits. It awakened primal sensations in her heart. Hermione's hand slipped down, her own hand mirrored its motions, both ending up touching each other's wet slit. In her overcharged state, it looked less than a minute for Hermione to push her into a deep orgasm. A wave of pleasure hit her, only Hermione's arms wrapping around her torso preventing her ungraceful fall as she tried to gather her breath. Then, she felt another pair of hands, gently pressing her shoulders…