you support Puddlemere after what they did last season!?" She looks up and finds James watching her, his own hand in his hair and she laughs, looking at the two of them like that, hands in their chaotic ebony hair, a smirk playing on their lips. James winks at her and she feels 17 all over again, like they could be the ones getting on the train instead of the parents wishing their kids goodbye. It's been twenty years, but it could also have been just yesterday. James comes over to stand behind her after all the kids get on the train, his arms around her waist, hands on her stomach, his chin resting on top of her head. "How is he already in his seventh year?" His chin bumps against her head as he talks, and she sighs, puts her hands on James', "I honestly have no idea." They stand there while the train roars to life, smiling and waving at Harry when he sticks his head out of the window of the last compartment of the train. Harry sticks his head back in the train only to stick it back out, panicked, a moment later as the train begins to move, "Mum!" Harry shouts, "Tell Uncle Moony to bring my Puddlemere banner! I forgot it!" Lily is almost positive she sees Ginny whack him in the back of the head with something, but she gives a thumbs up and waves as Harry pulls his head back in the train, laughing before grabbing Ginny under his arm. "God, that looks familiar doesn't it?" she says, turning her head just a bit so that she can look up at James. He grins, "Yeah, Evans, it does," plants a brief kiss on her lips, before they resume waving to their son, watching until the train rounds the corner. She smiles up at James when the train is finally gone, takes his hand, and turns on the spot. They pop up at the apparition point in Godric's Hollow and begin walking slowly up the high street towards their cottage - they could have apparated the whole way, but this walk was something they'd started doing after Harry's first year, a way to get used to how quiet their house was about to be for the next few months. At least, that's what it was supposed to be. Once Remus started teaching at the school in Harry's third year, they were now almost constantly bombarded by Sirius' presence. But they kept the walk anyway. "You two look… so similar , you know that?" she says, grinning up at him, "Especially when he and Ginny got into that tiff about bloody quidditch and you're both standing there with your hands in your hair." She's shaking her head but laughing, and James lets go of her hand to wrap his arm around her shoulder, press her into his side. "The kid is lucky I passed on my devilishly good looks," he says, winking down at her (Lily bursts out laughing), "too bad he's also like me in that he can't fall in love with a woman who agrees with him about quidditch." Lily rolls her eyes, wraps her arm around his waist, "We can't go around agreeing with you two about anything, it's one of the only way to keep your egos in check." James grins and presses a kiss to the side of her head, "Well, I'd say you've done a fabulous job with my ego, love." Lily laughs, "And thank fuck for that, you were awful." James digs his fingers into her ribs and she laughs loudly, drawing the stares of some people on the street - they look away, though, once they realise it's just Lily and James again (they have something of a reputation for being 'that couple' - most of the village finds it charming). "Do you think we'll get home to find that Padfoot has completely destroyed the house like he did last year?" James asks, smirking at Lily. She sighs, "I bloody well hope not. I'll kick his arse if he has." James laughs, "Good. Merlin, do you remember how long it took to get the dog hair off everything last year?" Lily groans, "Yes, fuck , that was annoying. Remus needs to start taking that mutt to school with him because christ." They're chatting about Harry's upcoming quidditch season, when they were going to go to Hogsmeade (they particularly enjoyed showing up unannounced when they knew Harry had a Hogsmeade weekend), and how long they thought Harry was going to make it on the train before Ginny hexed him for taking the piss about the Chudley Cannons when the grey hair comes up. "Well, knowing Harry," Lily says, laughing, "he's probably going to irritate her as much as humanly possible for as long as he can manage - I'd be surprised if he lasts an hour." James nods, "Yeah, that's another thing I wish he'd inherited from you - some bloody sense. And your hair genes." Lily laughs, reaches across and tousles James' hair, "No! I love your hair, I'm so glad he got yours!" James smirks down at her, "I mean, it is pretty great hair," Lily snorts, "but I did find another grey this morning, so the poor kid will be kicking himself in twenty years." Lily laughs, "You found a grey hair and you didn't shout like someone was trying to shave you bald?!" James pokes her in the ribs, " Yes, I did, I'm learning to be mature about this. After all, I have grey hair now - I have to be dignified." Lily nearly doubles over with laughter, "Did Sirius tell you that?!" James runs his hand through his hair, "He might've." Lily rolls her eyes, "You two are complete prats, I swear to Merlin." James just grins, "Well, wait until you hear about the club for dignified gentlemen that we're starting." Lily is in tears the rest of the walk home.