heated snogging, a bit more heated than they'd intended (honestly), someone cleared their throat behind them and Lily pulls her mouth from James', her eyes flickering up to meet the gaze of the person who felt the need to interrupt them. Sirius was standing there, hands on his hips, grinning knowingly. Lily just rolled her eyes, slid off James' lap, and took his hand and led him out of the common room. James pointed at Sirius on the way out and said, "Don't you dare follow us. You'll regret it!" for good measure. They're waiting in her bedroom when they hear the portrait open downstairs, surrounded by all the paint bombs and ink pellets they could find stashed in James' room when they'd stumbled in there a few minutes before. Lily starts moaning, loudly, pornographically, and James cocks an amused eyebrow at her, dips his head and kisses her neck, "I have to say, that's a bit of a turn on, Evans." Lily rolls her eyes but plants a quick kiss on his lips, "Focus, you prat." Still, she maintains eye contact and moans again, only looking away from him when the door swings open, and Remus and Sirius are standing there, struggling to take in the scene in front of them. Lily and James don't hesitate - they start lobbing paint bombs across the room and a good few hit their mark before Remus and Sirius are able to escape. It doesn't end the war, but they're certainly a bit more careful so they don't fall for any more diversions. The war finally ended in March, just a week before James' birthday (something that pisses Remus off for a full month before he finally moves on - "Why the fuck did my birthday sex get interrupted?! I SAY WE BARGE IN ON JAMES' ON PRINCIPLE!"). It's unseasonably warm, and Lily, James, Remus, and Sirius are lying out in the grass by the lake, 'studying' for their upcoming Charms exam. James starts running his fingers along Lily's calf and she catches his eye and grins. "You know, James," she says, shutting her Charms book and turning to face him, "I was thinking we should," her eyes flick over to where Sirius is sitting to make sure he's paying attention, "you know, in the boy's dorm. Fulfil all your 6th year dreams." She winks and James grins, slides closer to her, moves his hand to her hip, "Quite the proposal, Evans. What do you think boys?" James turns to look at Sirius who is gaping at them, his mouth hanging open in shock, "Sirius, can we borrow your bed?" Sirius doesn't even answer - just gets up and starts sprinting towards the castle. James clambers up and tears off after him, and Lily and Remus laugh, gather their books, and walk slowly back towards the castle. "Our boyfriends are idiots," Remus said, hitching his bag up onto his shoulder. "Yeah," Lily slung her arm through his, "but we love them." Remus rolled his eyes, "Merlin knows why." They can see James and Sirius shoving each other as they run through the oak front doors and Remus raised his eyebrow at her as though he's just proved a point. Lily just laughed, "Well, they're fit at least." Remus tipped his head in acknowledgement. When they get back up to the common room, James and Sirius are screaming and flying back down the stairs of the boy's dorms. "Game's off, Lils! No more!" "Absolutely. Moons, we're done! We're both forfeiting." Lily raised her eyebrow at Remus and he just shrugged and turned to Sirius, "What the fuck are you two on about?" "We just - " Sirius groaned and fell back onto the couch, James sunk down beside him, planted his head in Sirius' lap. James took a deep breath and looked at Lily, "We just saw Peter wanking." "OH GOD, PRONGS, DON'T SAY IT OUT LOUD THAT MAKES IT REAL." Sirius smacked James in the forehead and James groaned, punched Sirius in the gut. Remus picked up James' feet and sat down (James immediately put his feet in Remus' lap - Remus rolled his eyes at Lily and she just grinned). "So," Remus said, "we're done with this fucking game then?" Sirius groaned, "Yeah. I don't ever want to see that again." Lily laughed, "Oh, so it was okay for you two to catch James and I fucking in a million different positions, but you see Peter wanking one time and you lose it?" Sirius raised his eyebrow at her, "Yes, Red, yes! We're gorgeous and enjoying ourselves. That was just sad." Lily smirked, sat on the arm of the couch near Sirius and smacked the side of his head, "Please. Like you weren't wanking like a son of a bitch before you and Remus started dating." Sirius tried to look affronted, but James and Remus just laughed. "She's got a point, Pads," James said, turning his head so he can look Sirius in the eye, and Remus laughed harder, "Oh Merlin, Prongs, remember when we had to start putting imperturbable charms on our beds because he kept forgetting to put a silencing charm up on his?" James, Remus, and Lily start shaking with laughter and Sirius just scowls at them, pushes James' shoulders and sends him toppling onto the floor. James shoves Sirius' knees as he pulls himself up to sitting and frowns at Lily, who is clutching her stomach from laughing so hard. "Think that's funny, Evans?" She can barely breathe, so she just nods, and James groans, grabs her about the waist and pulls her down to the floor next to him. "Oi!" she smacks his chest, but he plants a kiss on her neck and, magically, all is forgiven. Lily kicks her feet up onto Sirius' lap, "So, we're really done, eh?" Sirius grimaces, nods, holds out his hand, "Truce, Red?" Lily considers his hand for a moment before she takes Sirius' hand and shakes it, "Truce, Black."