anything. But even as she thought that, she couldn't fully convince herself of it. Maybe it was because her world was literally magical now. Maybe it was because of all the tales and traditions and customs she learned over the years. Something felt painfully final about the bare, thorn-covered stem in her hand. A gasp ripped itself from her throat as a single petal grew back. It was white as snow. A strangled sound from her left had Lily rolling over. Lucius stood there, his wand in hand, shaking. He was paler than she had ever seen him before. He looked like he was going to faint like a maiden in one of those unbelievable wizarding romances her dorm-mates giggled over. "Lucius?" she asked. He must've eavesdropped! Why else would his wand be out? Why else would a single petal have grown after she declared the final one meant he didn't love her? Which, in turn, meant—Lily slammed that thought behind a section of Occlumency shields. False hope was not something she needed. "You little fool," Lucius rasped. He stumbled forward a step, before toppling to his knees before her. "If I hadn't been here when you invoked that Ancient Rite of Blood Magic—" She had no idea what he meant, though she gathered it had something to do with the flower. And since Lucius mentioned "Blood Magic," it probably referenced her thorn-torn fingers. "Lucius, I—" He pulled her off the bench and into his lap. Then Lucius wrapped his hands up in her hair and kissed her. Lily traced his cheeks as she fervently returned his kiss. And as her blood painted his skin, she trembled. Because with every sweep of his tongue, Lily felt his desire and love; it poured out of Lucius and into her. Groaning, Lucius nipped her lip and then broke the kiss. His heavy breath washed across her face, sending chills down her spine. "I'll kill whoever taught you the Ancient Rites." He kissed the corner of her mouth. "Whoever it was misled you, or outright lied to you." He kissed her full on the lips. "If you performed that without me here to finish the rite and grow the final petal, Magic never would've allowed us to be together. Magic would've seen it as an utter rejection of you on my part." He hugged her more fiercely than he already was, as if he thought someone would rip her away. "Lucius, I—" Lily tumbled with him, as Lucius fell back against the lawn and stretched out. No one had ever taught her the Ancient Rites. It was the only part of pureblood culture she didn't have instruction in. The members of the Sacred Twenty-Eight usually kept their rituals to themselves, and she hadn't wanted to pry and be socially destroyed. Black would've been all-too-happy to teach her, but she wouldn't trust him as far as she could throw him. Because it wouldn't surprise her in the least if Black lied and twisted stuff around so that she accidentally got herself locked in an engagement with Potter. "I got everything settled with your father and mine," Lucius said, as he gazed at her with soft eyes. He rubbed his hand up and down her back. "I was going to tell you tonight. The new moon is a great omen for success in new beginnings." It didn't escape Lily's notice that Lucius said he would 'tell' her as opposed to 'ask' her. Given how honest and fervent her confession was in London, she didn't blame him. And if he was alluding to what she thought he was, then. . . . "What's settled?" Lucius smirked, and then kissed her as if he never wanted to stop. She only tore her lips away when she felt something cold slide on her hand. On her left ring finger sat a ring that matched her necklace: a braided gold band with a smaller hunk of green garnet—uncut and unfaceted. "It seems redundant now, seeing as you just proposed to me more passionately than what I had planned." He buried his head in the crook of her neck and kissed her jumping pulse. "I wasn't going to do what Potter did to you, Lily. I wasn't going to speak my heart without being able to fulfill all the unspoken promises that implied." He met her gaze, his eyes a darker pewter than when she had passed him in the courtyard after loudly declaring she would let him own her. "Lucius?" Oh, how desperately she wanted to believe what he was implying. And with a grin on his face, Lucius purred, "Why, Lily, for all that I can be a smarmy bastard, I'm a class act. Everything that I own is always in pristine condition. My family keeps artifacts as heirlooms, instead of getting rid of something valuable just because something new and shiny comes along." He placed the gentlest of kisses on her lips. "You gave yourself to me, and I'll never let go. But I swear I'll keep you around for more than the novelty of knowing I'm the only one to ever have you. And since you're wholly mine, well, I can't let anyone else take what's mine, can I?" Lily laughed, then, robust and as vibrant as her hair. She felt alive. Lily peppered his face with kisses. Then she smirked in perfect mimicry of him, curled her hand around his throat, and said, "I've always wanted a pet pureblood. I hear the going price for one is love that never fades." His lips were too tempting for her to ignore them any longer, and Lucius kissed the thoughts right out of her head for a long time. "I'm willing to pay that price. Can I keep you?" she eventually breathed against his flushed cheek. Lucius didn't say anything. He didn't need to. His eyes answered for him; they were both willingly bound in chains of love offered and received—neither ever wanted to be set free.