once more to make sure nobody was around to see us. Suddenly the nervousness was back in full force as I hesitantly mounted the broom in front of him, my hands shaking slightly. Ron seemed to notice this, speaking soothingly into my ear as he wrapped his arms around me, his hands gripping the broom in front of mine. "It's ok, Hermione. Trust me. I won't let you fall." I tried to relax my muscles, but the sound of his voice in my ear made me tense up for very different reasons. "Okay," I managed to squeak. He rubbed my arm comfortingly before gripping the broom once again. "Ready?" he asked. I mumbled something like an affirmation, and before I knew it he had kicked off the ground, vanishing us and the broom as he had promised. As we rose into the air, my stomach dropped and I couldn't help the shriek that escaped my lips. "Shhh…" Ron said, "I've got you." Clenching my jaw, I pressed my lips firmly together, resisting the urge to shut my eyes as I gripped the broom more tightly. Settling back into his warmth, I felt Ron pressed reassuringly against my back, his arms encircling mine. As he pulled the broom up to go higher, I said "Just be careful, ok?" "Don't worry," he replied. "No loops, no rolls, nothing too crazy. I promise." I took a shaky breath and looked down below us. It was scary enough being this high up, but not being able to see ourselves made it that much stranger. I watched the ground drop farther away. Houses and buildings grew smaller and smaller, before disappearing altogether as we left the populated areas to fly over forests and fields. I shivered, the air growing colder the higher we ascended. "I should have brought a jacket," I said. I felt our balance shift slightly, then Ron's warm hand against my arm as he chaffed my skin before wrapping his arm around my waist and pulling me tightly against him. Tucking his chin into the crook of my neck, he asked, "Better?" I shivered again, this time feeling a warmth flood through my veins as my face flushed and my skin tingled. "Yes," I mumbled. I noticed the vanishing charm wearing off after a time, the broom slowly becoming visible along with our hands grasping it. Looking down to where Ron's arm encircled my waist, I felt a giddiness flow through me that had nothing to do with the altitude. I began to relax as we flew through the clouds, starting to get used to the swooping feeling in my stomach. Looking down over the scenery below us, I watched the sun glinting on the water as a river wound its way through a thick wood, the tree canopy looking like an artist's palette with shades of greens and browns blending into each other. Then the trees thinned out until the ground looked like it was covered in a soft green velvet, rolling in waves as the hills rose and fell. "It's beautiful," I murmured. I felt Ron's lips stretch into a smile against my neck. "I know," he said. Turning my head slightly, I glanced over at him. His eyes were fixed on my face in a deep blue, penetrating gaze. I felt my bottom lip tremble and pulled it into my mouth, biting down to keep it still. Ron's eyes then moved downward, staring at my lips almost hungrily. I studied his face, so close to mine. Drinking in his features, I took in the smattering of freckles across his skin, his pale lashes framing his bright, blue eyes, the strands of red hair blowing against his forehead, and his long, straight nose leading down to his soft, full mouth. I watched as his tongue darted out, wetting his lips. I felt my breath catch and looked up to meet his eyes once again. That was the look, I thought suddenly. The look I thought I had caught a glimpse of back in my kitchen, only now it wasn't just a glimpse. Now he turned his eyes on me with an intensity I had never seen there before. I felt his arm tighten around my middle as he spoke my name softly, "Hermione." I swallowed, feeling my heartrate speed up. Shaking slightly, I took a deep breath, trying to still my body. "Are you cold?" he asked me. I shook my head, my eyes locked on his. "No," I whispered. Then his face was coming closer and I closed my eyes as I felt his warm, soft lips against my own. For a few moments, I forgot everything else as his mouth moved against mine, sweetly at first before becoming more urgent. As his tongue brushed against my lips, I let my mouth open to his, turning my body towards him and reaching one hand up to tangle into the hair at the nape of his neck. His mouth tasted of citrus and vanilla with a hint of something else, something indefinable that was all his own. Suddenly, I felt a rush as the broom swooped down, dropping us slightly. I gasped as I pulled back from him, abruptly remembering where we were as I twisted around to grab onto the broom handle tightly. I felt Ron's brief chuckle vibrating against my back as he muttered sheepishly, "Sorry." Releasing my waist, he placed both hands firmly on the broom and added, "We're almost there anyway." "Almost where?" I asked, but he didn't respond. Looking down, I saw we were flying over some sort of field or meadow, sprinkled here and there with large, leafy trees and covered in tall grasses strewn with wildflowers. In the distance, I thought I could make out a glimmer of light reflected on water. As we slowly descended, my suspicions were confirmed as a small lake came into view. "Where are we going?" I asked again. "You'll see," said Ron as he continued our descent.