that I am glad to die, but I would not wish this responsibility on anyone." "Professor…" His eyes closed briefly, as if he were trying to imagine something, "You must use it…" "What—" A sudden sound had her turning her head. Her eyes widened. The fire had not relented. It was rising… "Professor—" His fiendfyre had broken free of his control when he had faltered. It had flared up from the smoking body of the defeated dark lord and begun to swirl around it wildly, vibrating with anticipation. The bird had turned into a serpent and it was hissing in their direction, twisting so quickly it hurt to look at, a whirlwind that had flattened and expanded and didn't show signs of stopping. "I don't have much time," he said bitterly—and surprised her by smirking at the irony. He turned towards her. To her surprise, he reached out and touched her face, "Forgive my failures, Miss Granger. At least… at least it is you." She found herself falling into his eyes—and there were flashes of memories. A boy standing in front of a girl with a crown of brilliant red hair and feeling mesmerized by the smell of her as she floated beside him, and then clinging to her lifeless body a decade later and begging to follow her. Hermione felt the same as he did, felt the failure and the need to repent in death. She reached out a hand and cupped his cheek. It was wet with tears and she wondered if anyone would believe that she had seen Severus Snape cry and that it was a tragically beautiful thing. "Take them," he commanded. She wasn't sure what he meant, until he had conjured a phial. All the pain he felt was released in those tears, and she scooped them into the vial, as many as she could capture, but they were streaming so quickly down his face. His expression was slackened with the loss of them and he seemed to be almost at peace when the last of them trickled from his chin into the overflowing vial with a hiss of steam. Her own peace came from watching the tightness of his face slip away from him as she shoved the memories into her sleeve. Dying wouldn't be so bad, if she were staring into his eyes. She had never noticed how beautiful they were, or that his nose was not quite as ungainly as it was characteristic, or that his chin was strong and his mouth quite pleasing. She hovered closer to him, trying to memorize the lines of his face and mouth and nose—trying to keep him in her memory, forever. However long that would last for her, she didn't know… but at least for that moment, she could have them. Then the flames were closing in and she could feel the heat on their skin. Snape responded to it, as well, jerking up so that his nose was nearing hers. He was clinging to her arm and pushing her with the same motion. "Please—take it." He shoved the object in her hands tighter, and his eyes sought the memories, and flickered with pain. She opened her mouth to protest—she was as tired as he was. She wanted release. She wanted the peace he was feeling lingering at the edges. She wanted to see Harry's green eyes as much as he wanted to see the green eyes of his childhood friend. He, however, lifted his hand. The last of his magic was used to create a small, quivering shield that kept the fire at bay while she hovered. "I—" " Use the time turner, Hermione, " he begged. It was so desperate. She closed her eyes and bit her lip, and waited for him to bark at her again. Had he ever said her name before? She couldn't remember hearing him call her anything but "girl" or "Miss Granger"… "The Harpy." She felt a hand on her cheek. For a moment, she let it stay there. Flames licked at the edge of his shield. It wavered, and some spilled through, racing for them so rapidly she blinked and it was upon them. He spoke quickly, now. His face had grown slack—peaceful, almost, although not quite. He wanted to meet death, she could feel the want in her own soul, but he wanted her to keep going on. How could she live while he died? She clutched the Time Turner in her hand. She remembered Harry—that day in the bathroom on Halloween when their friendship had been sealed with fate and something else, and she knew she could not refuse a chance to see him again. She held his gaze for a long moment, torn between trying to save him and leaving him to the roaring flames and also curling up beside him and letting them consume her, too, and wash her of all her sins. His eyes were so deep—hypnotizing and black—and she wanted to drown in them. Let the fire drown them both until they were ash in the wind. "Go!" He roared, his face twitching into an expression of fury, stealing his beauty away. The flames had torn down the barrier and his eyes were wide and frantic, "Go, you stupid girl!" She didn't hesitate any longer. She reached out to touch his cheek, even as the flames licked at her skin. His eyes closed as her fingers stroked his damp skin—sweaty from the heat and from the salty tears. His eyes opened and he made to berate her again. Somewhere, however, she knew he was afraid to die alone, to be alone again. "Forgive me," she pleaded, wincing as her world burned painfully hot around her. In the last moment, the fire that had surrounded them began to burn so hot she could hardly keep her eyes open. She did, however, and she watched as Severus Snape was consumed by the flames with a single guttural cry before time—and space—moved for her.