her jaw and then her body. Harry paused briefly at her chest to swirl his tongue around her nipples, then continued on his way back to where he had been. From this angle, he could see that Pansy was indeed completely bare. Godric, that was so fucking hot. XxX Harry was kissing along her hip bones on his way back down her body and Pansy was on the verge of losing her mind. She rested her legs on his shoulders as he finally dipped his tongue back between her folds where she desperately wanted him. "Yes, Harry!" Pansy's hands shot down and carded through his black hair, fisting the unruly strands and holding on tight. She watched as he flicked his tongue off of her clit and free of her folds. When Harry slipped two fingers inside of her slick cunt, she couldn't hold her eyes open. Her head fell back onto the mattress and she moaned so loud that it echoed in the hallway through the still open door. She was quickly nearing the edge, her hands holding tight to Harry's hair, nails digging into his scalp as his fingers worked in and out of her core, curling at just the right spot to hit that sensitive bundle of nerves. When his teeth tugged her clit away from her body, her torso arched from the bed and she screamed to the ceiling. "Harry!" Pansy felt her pussy clench around his fingers as he continued to work her, his tongue moving down below his fingers, lapping up her release. She tried opening her eyes to watch him, but all she saw were stars. When her body finally relaxed and she lay in the bed like a pile of jelly, Harry moved up her body, grinning down at her with a pompous smirk. She rolled her eyes at him and flopped her arms around his neck, pulling him down for a kiss. Pansy could taste herself on him and that, mixed with his natural taste, was almost as intoxicating as Firewhiskey. "I think I rather like you screaming my name." Harry smirked when he pulled back, moving to hover over her. Pansy lifted her legs to wrap them around his waist, raising her hips to brush her hot core along his ready and waiting cock. "And I think I'd rather like your cock buried inside my pussy now." She slid a hand between them and gripped the base of his erection, teasing the tip through her slick folds. His sharp intake of breath had her smirking as she aligned him with her entrance. "Any time now, Potter. You're not getting any younger, you know." Harry laughed out loud and dipped his hips, thrusting forward in a swift motion, burying himself to the hilt. That shut Pansy and her sharp remarks up, her nails digging into his back. "Fuck." She heard him murmur and she let out a breathy laugh. It was quickly cut off by Harry's lips on hers as his hips began to move in earnest. "So tight, Pansy. Shit." "Fuck, yes. Right there, Harry." Pansy tightened her legs around his waist and tilted her hips higher. Harry met her lips with his and her tongue darted out to circle around his as she met his thrusts. Their skin slid together, slick with sweat. She pulled back and Harry sat up, one hand coming up to push his glasses up before sliding his arms behind her knees and pushing them toward her chest. The angle changed once again and with every forward thrust, the tip of Harry's cock hit her g-spot. "Oh, fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Yes! Harder." Pansy cried as her body began to climb once again. Harry obliged her request and slammed into her core harder. Her hands gripped his biceps, painted nails leaving marks in the skin. She felt her walls fluttering and her head was thrashing on the mattress. Incoherent words had begun leaving her lips and as her orgasm washed over her, they continued, ending in Harry's name being shouted once again. Pansy held on tightly as Harry brought his body flush against hers, his thrusts becoming erratic. She ran her lips along his neck, sucking at the skin there. Her arms draped around his shoulders again, keeping him close. With a final thrust, he buried himself deep and she felt him shudder, a grunt buried in her neck as she felt his cock jerk inside her core as his seed spilled into her. They lay that way for a few minutes, bodies still connected as he softened inside of her. Once their bodies calmed, he rolled to the side, collapsing on the bed next to Pansy and turned his head to grin at her. "I definitely like you screaming my name." "You better get ready then, you'll likely hear it all night." Pansy smirked as she rolled over and draped her torso across his chest, resting her chin on her hands. He had a satisfied smile on his face and a flush still on his skin. She had never just had the chance to admire him before and she was surprised by the attractive man he had grown into. He'd updated his glasses and the style fit him much better. His eyes were closed at the moment, but his smile turned into a smirk as he replied, "Oh, I'll be glad to, but first, we should nap. It's been a long day." Pansy was on board with that plan. She normally wasn't the cuddling type - being wrapped in someone's arms made her feel suffocated and trapped - but with Harry, she found she didn't mind being that close. It didn't take her long to drift off to sleep, a grin on her face as she started dreaming about what would transpire when she woke. Too bad those dreams wouldn't come true. Her life was about to change forever, all because of this little tryst and a mistake on both her and Harry's parts.