saw. Of course, she did not give him the opportunity to, although he often wondered if he would have given the chance. The next day she switched seats in Potions. On Wednesday, she did the same in Transfiguration. When he inquired through their charmed parchment, she incinerated it. When he saw her in the corridors, she turned in the other direction in the hallway and ignored him. All form of communication, once so full between them, was cut off. A week later, when he saw her chatting in the hallway with Potter, he knew that her choice had been made. It hurt him, but he accepted it. Whatever made her happy was fine with him… he'd only wished she would tell him why—he only wished she hadn't broken the promise that he had thought had applied to them both. It made little sense, and that was what hurt him. He knew she was scarred by the potion, and he hated himself for allowing her to go through with it, but had it been so bad? If he could turn back time, he would take it back. But he was incapable of that. After a time, his loneliness got the better of him. He began to resent her. It hurt him, the way she had shrugged him off, how she had run so eagerly to Potter. How could such a beautiful future have turned her away from him? Hadn't she seen her—Sollemnia—and realized what they could do together? Hadn't he lived to old age, comforted by the fact that they would live on in her… in that beautiful girl? But she had died… and she hadn't. How could it be possible? Had he seen more than one future, or was he missing something? She had kissed him after, too—hadn't that meant something? He was wrong to assume as such. He was foolish to promise her always, when she would not have him but for a friend, and when she had not guaranteed the same to him. He'd never asked her, but he wished had… maybe, if she had told her sooner, the potion would not have been needed. But fate was against him. He was not handsome, or kind, or brave. He did not deserve her, but if he had said something, would it be different? He would never know. He had ruined any chance of that, all on his own. When she came to his aid that day during OWLs, finally speaking to him yet not really to him, after avoiding him for weeks, he couldn't help himself. He said the word… the one she had hated the most. It hurt her, deeply, he knew… perhaps more deeply than she had hurt him. And in her eyes, he saw that she'd been waiting for him to say it—as if she had known he would betray her all along. Had she seen him do it? Was that why she hated him? If so, why not prevent it? Why not just talk to him? He wouldn't have said it at all, had she not hurt him with her silence. He would have loved her forever, always, as he had promised… But she didn't feel the same. Still, even as she rejected him—even when she married the swine, when she bore his son, he loved her. It hurt like hell, but the hope never left him that one day she would find him again… that their transgressions would be forgiven and the future he had seen would come true. The silence without her was deafening… and it grew louder and louder through the years, as he took the knee to Voldemort, when he killed, when he maimed, when he hurt. When his letters were returned unopened and his soul felt like it had been emptied of all hope. Only when he realized what his mistakes had led to—that he would be her death, did he curse her for letting it happen, and did he allow the silence to turn into something worthy of his love for her. Had she seen that, too? Had she known it would be him who would betray her? More than the guilt, he was angry… angry that she would abandon him to make all the wrong choices. But his anger compared little to his fear: the fear that he would lose her, totally. So he turned coats… even though she did not deserve it, he would not let her die without fighting like hell to prevent it. Foolishly, in youth, he had promised to hide her away, that the Dark Lord would not touch her… and he would not let that promise die, even though his own soul had died the day their friendship had shattered. Even when he knew it impossible, he hoped to keep it, wondering if somehow their future might still exist. Such a promise was futile. When it broke, on July 31, 1980, he knew instantly that the future was undone. Unfortunately, he did not mourn only her… her son and husband be damned, he mourned for the vision he had had, the one he had seen of their family, and he wept for it, as he never had for their friendship. Her body was still warm when he found her and he felt the tears flow hotter than they ever had, salty and heavy. The cries he expelled were similar to the ones he had heard from her, that day, when she had peered into the future and seen something too terrible to name, even to him, her dearest friend. Through the sobbing, he murmured both her name and the name of the girl, their granddaughter, over and over and over… When he left Godric's Hollow, he knew she would never exist. It was such a tragic realization—she was the very best of the two of them, him and Lily. But the world was cruel and the future was likely to be any different. It did not deserve her and neither would he.