all, Scorpius was wondering where his sister was going with this. What on earth could help him to right his wrongs? "Adopt. Become a father to someone who has never known happiness. Make them feel loved. Give them a reason for living." Cassiopeia got straight to the point, knowing it was easier for her brother to understand her if she got straight to the point. Satisfied that she has made her point, Cassiopeia Malfoy began to leave, dragging her twenty-two-year-old body away from the Astronomy Tower (as she had chosen to become a ghost at the mere age of two, she had been allowed to grow into a woman before living forever). She knew that her brother would do the right thing. All he needed was a little persuasion. Not even noticing that his sister's ghost had left him alone, Scorpius pondered her words. Adoption? Who on earth would want to be adopted by him? To appease her he began to ponder the children he knew were pure-blood, listing them in his head while picking the ones he thought were best. He was so wrapped in thought that he had not seen the girl until it was too late and she had bashed into him. "Yelp" was all that Scorpius could muster while falling, catching himself with his right hand. After having gotten over the shock, he scanned the area for his attacker, seeing her immediately. Holly Minuet. First year Huffelpuff. Her story was well known. Her muggle mother had died while giving birth to her. Her muggle father had abused her until he had figured out that she was a witch, where he proceeded to drop her off at an orphanage without a backwards glance. She had grown up in a horrible environment surrounded by the worst type of people. And Hogwarts was no better for her. In his potion classes he had never seen Holly with any type of friend. In fact, she was often bullied by her peers who were constantly teasing her about her last name and the fact that she was named after a plant. He also realised that he had never done anything to help her, yelling at her when her potions failed. Scorpius grew ashamed of how he had treated the girl who was on the floor in front of him. So much so that he helped her up, giving her his hand, which she gladly accepted. At least, she accepted until she saw who she had bumped into. Fear came into her eyes as she stammered apologies. "I'm s…s…sorry prof…ff..essor. I didn….n't see yo…..u there." She began to cry in earnest, frightened of what the mean professor was going to do. "Plea….se do….n't yell at m…m…e." Scorpius was indeed about to yell at her about watching out where she was going when he stopped. And began to wonder. This gave Holly enough time to see that his eyes were puffy and that he had been crying. Now doubly anxious, she had no idea how mad her potions professor was at her especially as she had found him a vulnerable state, she began to leave. Not wanting to lose his company so soon Scorpius reflexively asked her to wait. Confused and scared, Holly turned around and waited for Scorpius to begin yelling. Confused just as much as she was regarding his actions, Scorpius tried to distract her by asking, "Why are you here, Miss Minuet?" The fact that he asked his question in a soft tone of voice did nothing to comfort either of them. After a minute of two of contemplating if she should really tell him, she eventually gave in. She never got to share her problems with anyone: no one would listen. "Dorothy was bullying me, telling me how shrub-like I was that I needed a wash to cl…ean myself." She began to sob. "She then…sniff….threw me…sniff…into the bathtub….sniff….with my clothes on…and tried to…sniff…drown me. I….sniff….managed to….sniff…get away." Large tears fell out of her brown eyes as she cried. Scorpius was beyond rage. He was furious. He knew Dorothy well, she was often ruining Holly's potions, but she had no right to do that to her. Scared of her professor and the way he was shaking she cowered into a ball. And then Scorpius once again shocked them both completely. By hugging her. She reminded Scorpius of his sister. Smart yet vulnerable. As he thought of all the times that he had seen Holly bullied he vowed never to let the girl out of his sight. She was going to become his daughter whether she liked it or not. He would protect her in the way that he had always wanted to protect his sister. And he would love her with all his heart. He finally understood what his sister had told him. And he wasn't letting this opportunity to save this defenceless girl slip away as another regret. Letting go of her, he looked her straight in the eye and told her, "You will never have to deal with Dorothy or anyone else again. I will protect you. As your teacher. As your guardian. As your father." Still slightly cautious, she asked Scorpius if he meant it. To which he replied, "I have never meant anything more." And they hugged again, where he passed on all his love he felt for the girl. Feeling it, Holly cried for joy, knowing that she would be alright. Her father loved her. As the two left the Astronomy tower with grins on their faces and tears in their eyes, Scorpius finally let go of the guilt that had been plaguing him for so long, leaving it for the stars to claim. And then the tower was empty, and the only sounds that could be heard were the joyous yelps of ghost of Cassiopeia Malfoy and the cries of the rooster that signalled that a new day was dawning over Hogwarts. And it was already turning out to be better than the last.