denied it," Draco stated. "None of them would ever claim such intimacy with you, Pallene. They respect you too much to even joke or lie about it." "I know," Pallene whispered. "Father almost killed four of them this morning. I haven't seen him that worked up since the last time Iolanthe needed a Healer." He glared at the wall as if he could see the perpetrators through it and set them on fire. "I can't help but think that Mother is going to be even harder on them. They deserve it, the bastards!" Even the memory of Lucius shoving the gossipers down on their hands and knees and ordering them to beg for her forgiveness didn't cheer her up. Nothing but the truth would bring the rumors to a swift end. Pallene fingered the chain around her neck. Her silver bonding ring, with a massive pink diamond, hung between her breasts. She had promised her husband Marvolo that she wouldn't tell anyone they were bonded until he decreed it was safe. There had been numerous assassination attempts on various bonded Noble ladies, and no one had been captured yet. He refused to put her in danger. "Pallene?" Draco asked, voice even more worried than normal. She leaned against him and sighed tiredly. A pregnant witch had little access to her magic. It all went to growing and shielding her child. With minimal power to defend herself, Pallene had nowhere else to turn. Marvolo was gone on a long-term, no-communication-allowed, Ministry assignment before she realized her condition. Her Uncle Regulus still hadn't forgiven her deceased father for winning Isla Potter's love. And Pallene would never trust Andromeda Tonks, who betrayed her birth family, to defend her. Draco slept on her right side every night, his wand at his fingertips. One of Draco's friends was always outside the door. They had guarded her fiercely every minute of the day since she had snuck into Malfoy Manor and begged for sanctuary. Neville Longbottom would've taken her in, but Pallene didn't want to get between him and Susan Bones when it looked like they were finally going to get together. The rumors were already adding enough mess to that situation. Padma Patil, her best friend, would've welcomed her. However, being stuck in the same manor as Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown's incessant need to gossip and pester her for information would have led to her killing them the Muggle way. She didn't want to give birth in Azkaban. As for Charles Prewett, if Pallene had gone to him, he never would've given her back to Marvolo. "What if he believes the rumors?" As soon as the words escaped, Pallene wanted to recall them. If Marvolo dared to believe she had slept around while he was gone, she would castrate him. "I'll kill him," Draco said. She had never seen him so still or cold. He usually burned with passionate fire and growled his threats like a pureblood werewolf. "If he believes for one bloody second that you would sully yourself, then he doesn't know you and he doesn't deserve you. I'll cut him to ribbons." Draco hugged her tightly. "If he doesn't want you, you'll be fine. You have us. And I think Lord Prewett would be all-too-pleased to claim your child as his own." "Oh? I never realized that Lord Prewett was suicidal. Thank you for the information, Draco." Pallene stopped breathing when she heard the familiar aristocratic voice. "Lord Gaunt!" Draco said, confusion and shock on his face. "Can I help you?" The offer of aid sounded more like: How in Mordred's name did you get in here? "Yes, you can." Marvolo stabbed Draco with the tip of his wand. "Kindly remove your hands from my wife, before I remove them from your body." Draco stared at Marvolo's wand, and then rolled his eyes. "Pallene?" he asked, verifying Marvolo's claims. "Marvolo …" She leaned away from Draco and slid off the window-seat, almost over-balancing from the weight of her pregnancy. "You're home?" Pallene rushed into his arms, sagging against his chest as his magic swept over her like a blanket. Even though her cousins had tried their best, they hadn't been able to make her feel as safe as Marvolo could with just his presence. "I see your head is still attached to your shoulders, Malfoy. I'm impressed," Marvolo gritted the words out. "Some with Black blood don't know when to keep their hands to themselves among relatives." Seven months of hellish nights surfaced all at once. In the months she and Marvolo had been married, she had grown accustomed to him. He always slept curled around her, covering almost her entire body, so that if anyone attacked he would be in the way. Draco had refused to touch her hand while they slept on the same bed. "He's my favorite cousin for a reason, Marvolo." Marvolo inclined his head the tiniest bit to Draco. Pallene wouldn't have seen it at all if she hadn't been riveted at the sight of her husband. "In gratitude for protecting her, I'll allow you to be my child's godfather." "I'm much obliged, Lord Gaunt," Draco said. "You should be." Marvolo swept her up in his arms and took her back to Gaunt Manor in a whirl of Apparation. He laid her on their bed and kissed her as if he thought he might never see her again. Her thoughts were muzzy when he pulled back and stared in awe at her stomach. Then anguish overtook his features. "I'm sorry I wasn't here, beloved, when you needed me most. If I had known.…" Tears trickled down her cheeks and into her hair. Pallene pulled Marvolo back into her arms. "You came home to me, Marvolo. Nothing else matters." He curled around her and kissed her with a tenderness that made her chest ache. "Be honest with me. How do you feel?" Pallene smiled. "Loved." Lysithea Black agreed and fell no further. Marvolo was waiting for her.