truly realized that he had almost no memories. He actually didn't even remember how he began working at his job, living at his flat. All he remembered was just that he…did. He never belonged to that group of people who constantly ponder their existence and purpose; Ron went with the flow. Most of the times, Ron ignored this. He was living his comfortable life, enjoying his friends and every single day. He had what he needed and he didn't bother thinking about his life in a deeper way. However, there were moments where he felt as though something was missing. He felt that his life was somehow incomplete, as if it was a puzzle, missing a piece. But why? Who cared about the fogged past when he had such wonderful present? He had friends, steady job and Chelsea. He liked her very much, not as much as she liked him, but still…he liked her more than a friend. Yet that didn't always feel right. Chelsea was lovely, but Ron still couldn't quite open up to her, because he wasn't sure he loved her. Shaking his head at the confused thoughts running through his mind, Ron decided he would not think more of it. He didn't care. It didn't mean anything. He would just concentrate on here and now, not try to dig in his past. For what? If he was missing and lost his memory, someone would find him…it wasn't that hard these days. As Ron thought about everything, he didn't notice that he walked carelessly into the road and his mind, and personal world, was suddenly interrupted and shattered when a car hit him. He didn't even feel the pain, everything just went black. "Jean, Jonathan is here. Should I let him in?" A young woman with glasses, dressed in a white doctor's suit, sitting behind a desk, looked up from her papers to the redhead in the doorway. "Really?" she asked with a sigh, taking off her glasses and leaning back into her chair. Her brown bushy hair was in a state of frenzy and her brown eyes looked tired but alert. "Well, I guess you can let him in. Thanks Sheila." "Okay then," replied Sheila and disappeared behind the door. Jean stood up and strode over to a small mirror resting on a shelf loaded with heavy encyclopaedias. Upon seeing her reflection, she just rolled her eyes and pulled her thick hair into a neat bun. Right that moment a tall, handsome, dark haired man walked in, wearing a suit and holding a black case. His efficient image was softened by his loosened tie. "Hello darling," he said, setting his case on a nearby chair and striding over to Hermione, pulling her into a hug. "I came to kidnap you." Breathing in his scent, Jean replied against the fabric of his suit, "Um, that's so very sweet of you, but I'll have to object to that. I'm too busy right now." "What are you doing? I don't see any bleeding patients." "Paperwork," she said simply, looking up at him. "But it's your lunch break." Letting go and walking back over to her desk, Jean put down her glasses and brushed her eyes. "Exactly…the perfect time to finish up work I won't have time for later on." "You will never learn how to relax, will you?" Jonathan exclaimed for probably the fiftieth time since they first met. "Nope," she replied, fingering the golden engagement ring on her finger. Sighing, Jonathan walked to her desk and pulled her back to him. Bending his head to kiss her deeply, Jean replied with enthusiasm, but pulled away few seconds later. "I guess I should retreat, shouldn't I?" Jean smiled and fixed his tie. "Yes. Don't be angry, though, I promise I will leave this place as soon as I finish and head straight home to prepare for the party." "Now that sounds better! I'll take your word for it. Here's an idea, we won't stay too long at the party, go home earlier and spend a nice cosy evening by the fireplace." "I agree." Standing up on tiptoe, Jean kissed him affectionately. Jonathan then knew it was time to go. Kissing the back of her hand, he gave her his charming smile and headed for the door. "See you tonight, I can't wait." He then exited the room, passing Sheila on the way. "Someone's looking happy." Sheila laughed. "And you used to say it would never work, now look at that blinding ring!" Her cheeks sporting a pink tinge, Hermione gave it another glance. "Yes, I am very happy," she said automatically, the smile on her face not reaching her eyes. "No more words about the mysterious departed pieces of your soul?" Sheila remarked with raised eyebrows, referring to Jean's occasional self-analysis and feelings of inner deficiency and being torn. Shrugging, Jean opened her mouth to say something that would dismiss the subject, but she was interrupted as the shrieking of the ambulance sounded from the distance, getting closer and closer. Suddenly a pair of wheels screeched in front of the ambulance and from the door burst out the paramedics, pushing injured people in front of them. "A car accident in the centre…this one's really injured!" He referred to a man that laid on the bed, his blazing red hair sprawled around the blue pillow with his head bleeding. For a fraction of a second, the world around her didn't reach Jean. She just stared at the man blankly, feeling a bit strange and dizzy. Suddenly her head began to hurt and her eyes water. Wiping her eyes, Jean finally came to her senses and realized Sheila was already feeling his pulse, asking for his blood pressure and yelling orders at everyone around. "Jean, move it! We've got to take him to the surgery room. Right now !" And so Jean followed Sheila and their patient down the long hall, disappearing behind swinging doors. There was a life to be saved.