to a person they know who have committed an outrageous crime. The causes of hybristophilia are mainly believed to be the belief they can change a man as powerful and cruel as a murderer, or to share their fame, or extreme forms of fanaticism, or the evolutionary-based attraction to the alpha male. Tell me Hermione, which of these apply to you?" Hermione feels as if she is suffocating even though Tom doesn't have a lot of pressure on her throat. Cold, naked fear washes through her as she whispers, "You said it was an accident." He snorts. "As if you believed that for one second. Don't try to fool me." She closes her eyes and shakily breathes in through her mouth. "What did you do to him? To that man?" "Three stabs in the abdomen and one in the throat, aiming at his aorta." His voice is clinical, detached, and his eyes seem to analyze every twitch of expression on her face. This dispassionate description sets free a rush of panic and adrenaline. She thrashes against his hold. Her legs and arms swinging and kicking – she only needs to make it to the door, to the door and out on the street. She just needs to break free from his grasp for a second – and then, suddenly, she does, but it feels wrong, too easy, as if he lets her go. But who cares, just get to the door, there – she has the doorknob in her hand, she made it. She opens the door, one hand hanging onto the doorframe for balance when a searing, mind-numbing pain rushes through her. Her mouth opens to form a soundless scream as she looks at the hand still clasping the doorframe. It is pierced through with a knife, a knife that still has droplets of older, rusty-looking blood dried on its blade. He slams the door shut. The gleam in his eyes is now not only wicked, it's diabolical. He's towering over her, his arms caging her in, his face is only inches from hers. It's almost exactly like when he had done that only half an hour ago, but Hermione couldn't have felt more different. The pain from her hand pierces through her with terrible intensity, and she nearly faints when she looks at her hand. Mutilated and pinned to the wood, blood running over it and slowly trickling down the frame, her own blood this time, a surprisingly intense red. "Now that I have your attention," he drawls, his fingers lifting up her chin to make her meet his eyes. "Tell me. What made you want to sleep with me after knowing I committed a murder? A murder I gave you no sensible explanation for?" "What does it matter to you?" She's shouting now, the pain and horror making her voice shrill. "What does it matter to me? Oh, dear. Only everything. This is the outcome of an experiment I invested months of my life in." "Experiment? You mean…"Confusion slowly turns into disbelief as his words sink in. Tears are now continuously running down her face, both from the excruciating pain and the realization of what he just said. "Yes, my love, an experiment. Why else would I have been interested in you? I admit the first stages were less dull than I expected them to be, thanks to your clever wit. Your intelligence has been one of the reasons I chose you for this. I wanted to see if I could break through that rationality and logical thinking by manipulating your emotions." "My…," She can't suppress a sob. "Tom…," It's almost a plea. "Please, Hermione. Spare me the emotional outburst. Answer my questions and make this shorter for both of us." Shorter. She shivers. He's going to kill me. Her scream is almost inhuman when he twists the knife stuck in her hand. Her nerves are on fire. "Answer the question." " I don't know! I – I thought I was in love with you, I wanted to believe you when you said it was an accident. I thought you were my best friend. I – I – " she breaks into heavy sobs. By now, she doesn't know what's worst – the pain, the betrayal, or the knowledge that she's going to die. He studies her face, and a pitying smile twists his features. "Human emotions are so predictable. See, I took a great risk with showing you the dead body – there was the chance your logical mind would overcome your feelings for me. But, like the weak little girl you are, you did exactly what I wanted you to, like you did from the very beginning." She turns her head away; she can't stand to look at his face anymore, the face she loves and trusts, now twisted into this monster. Sobs shake her body. "Tell me something, Hermione. Had I not revealed my cards just now, how would you have proceeded in our relationship? Would you have distanced yourself from me? Or kept on denying the facts and turned this into a romantic relationship? And if so, would it have been with the desire to change me?" "I don't know! How would I know?!" Desperation makes her shout again. "You're insane! You're utterly insane and they will catch you and – and you'll spend the rest of your miserable life in prison!" He slowly shakes his head. He leans very close to her and whispers into her ear. "I'm not insane, my love. I am brilliant." They find her two days later, in a narrow alley, wrapped in bloodied white sheets – sheets stained with two people's blood. The body is completely bare expect for a little silver bracelet around her wrist. Her hair is mussed up as if from lover's hands, and if you ignored the slash wound on her throat, she would have looked almost peaceful. He attends her funeral. He wraps his arm around her red-haired best friend for comfort.