a Malfoy toddler whines after being told he can't have something." "Now that's just a cruel comparison, Lily-Flower!" James mock-glared. "If it's so awful, why do you keep sleeping with me?" he demanded. She opened her mouth, and then snapped it shut when she realized they had his parents' full attention. Even the chess pieces were staring at them with curiosity. Lily could feel the blood heating her face. James stared at her, a thoughtful look she wasn't used to seeing on him. "Lily-Flower?" Lily didn't realize she was toying with his hair again until he caught her fingers and kissed them. Lily's blush spread. She shoved his head off her lap. "Time for bed! I need sleep." "Five more minutes." James pouted up at her, though his gaze was calculating. "I like it when you play with my hair!" Charlus chuckled from his wingback chair. "I never thought I'd see the day James would refuse to go to bed with a beautiful witch. Especially his precious flower." Lily wasn't sure who was more mortified, she or James. They both squawked and sped from the room. That night, James held her tighter than ever. oOo Lily stared at King's Cross Station. She hated it. She didn't want to be here; she didn't want to go back to school. She wanted to stay with the Potters and pretend they were a family and never be alone again. "Are you okay?" James asked. She nodded, and then shook her head. Lily wasn't exactly sure what she was. She stepped into James's arms and inhaled his familiar scent. He smelled like the jam he always used at breakfast. "What's wrong?" Lily didn't want to discuss her sudden hatred of Hogwarts, so she said, "Family." He nodded as if that made sense. Maybe it did. James followed her onto the Platform. She breathed a sigh of relief when he didn't race off to join the Marauders. Once she stopped glaring at the Hogwarts Express, she smiled at Dorea and Charlus. "Thank you." Dorea hugged her. "Don't worry about it, Lily. We're so glad you could stay with us; I've never seen James so happy in my life." The train whistle blew. Charlus kissed her forehead. "You're welcome anytime, Lily. I would never do anything to keep my son's precious flower away from him." "Dad!" Lily grinned. She couldn't remember the last time she had felt this overwhelmingly happy. "I'll remember that." Then she and James hurried to get on the train before it left. She stopped to wave at his parents as soon as she was on board, and couldn't help smiling wider when she saw they were still there and waving back. Her parents had always dropped her off and left immediately. James's family was different. It was better. Lily loved James's parents. They were amazing. For the first time since she was eleven, she felt like she was leaving home behind. "Want to talk about it?" Lily leaned into James when he came up behind her and nestled his chin on top of her head. "I don't want to lose this, James. I don't want to lose them." Lily took a deep breath and confessed a hard-fought truth, "I don't want to lose you ." James tightened his arms around her and kissed the top of her head. "What're you saying, Lily-Flower?" His voice was so hopeful that she ached in sympathy. Lily turned around and kissed him. He tasted like raspberries. She threaded her fingers in his hair and tilted her head so she could kiss him deeper. His lips were chapped, but she didn't care. She loved that it was imperfect. Nothing between them so far had been easy. And perfect things weren't real. She needed this to be real. oOo Hours later, Lily took a deep breath and stared out the window at the scenery rushing past. She had just broken up a fifth argument while patrolling. Being a prefect wasn't all it was cracked up to be. Thank Merlin her shift had just ended, or she might've started throwing prats off the train. "Rough day?" Lily's head whipped around. She startled so badly that she almost fell. "Black, you prat. Don't frighten me like that!" Black chuckled and reached for her hand. "Come on—" "Don't," Lily ordered as she stepped farther away. She glared at him. "You might be James's best friend, but you aren't James." Lily stood as straight as she could, hating that she was so much shorter than him. "Only James can hold my hand. I don't care if everything else that belongs to James belongs to you too. I don't." He smiled at her then, and it was so soft and beautiful. "You'll do," Black whispered. "Excuse me?" Black gestured down the row of compartments and bowed ostentatiously. "Prongs isn't happy, Evans. And that's completely unacceptable." He winked at her. "He misses you." Lily squeezed her eyes shut as her heart thump-thumped in her chest. How long had it been since someone last missed her after only being apart a few hours? Had it ever happened before? "Take me to him," she ordered. Lily followed Black. Everything was different now. She didn't regret it. "That you, Padfoot?" James asked, as Lily opened the compartment door. Lupin and Pettigrew weren't present; Lily didn't care enough about them to wonder where they were. "Did you find the Trolley Witch?" James didn't look away from the window as he twirled his wand. Lily walked inside and huffed. "I'm hurt, James. Would you really rather have chocolate frogs than me?" Lily teased. James gaped at her, blinked several times, and then gave her the biggest grin she had ever seen on his face. "Never!" She sat down and snuggled against his side, smiling as his arm instantly curled around her. "Welcome home, Lily-Flower." She leaned up and kissed him deeply, only pulling back when Black started snickering. Lily laid her head on James's chest and breathed, "I'm home."