didn't even think that it was strange when Severus wrapped his arms around him and chuckled softly, an awkward smile in his face. He was just too happy . " Ginevra Potter, as I live and breathe! Well, I certainly didn't expect to see you here!" Ginny grimaced, rubbing her temples in a desperate attempt to alleviate the blinding pain the screech had caused. "Yes, well." She glanced back at her group of friends as they gathered in the street, not yet noticing her absence. She had gone to the shop for peace, but far be it for her to be granted any of her wishes. "It's back to Weasley now." The portly woman frowned slightly, tipping her head to one side in the universal sign of pity. It was all she could do to not run back into the street and scream. It had been a week. One measly week since the papers had been signed. It was bad enough that she had to cart around the evidence of her failed marriage in a hand-me-down pram, but did she really have to deal with this every time she left the house? She just wanted a contraceptive potion. That was all. She didn't particularly feel up to another debate on just who was to blame for the split, or just who was more prepared to raise a child. She just wanted some peace. There was only one of two ways that this could go, and neither was preferable. "Oh, you poor girl!" Yep, that was one. Why every single person in Wizarding Britain thought they had the right to an opinion on her marital status, Ginny just did not know. "Are you alright?" Ginny followed her script well – yes, I'm fine; yes, Harry is happy; yes, this is our child. His name? Oh, well, James, of course! No, I'm not quitting the team; yes, we are still friends – brothers, practically; no, I'm not seeing anyone; no, I'm not a lesbian now – and to her credit, did not punch anyone. The woman smiled and nodded and finally handed over the potion Ginny needed, which she stashed at the bottom of her pram. With one final comment – well, just in case, can't have another baby out of wedlock can I! – she pushed her way out of the door and across the street to where Hermione and Ron stood, bickering. Ginny coughed to announce her present, and both blushed to be caught, springing apart. "You're both married, shame on you!" She chastised gently, leaning down to check on her son. " She insulted Quidditch – again!" Ron declared, narrowing his eyes at the bushy haired witch by his side. "And? Sarah loves Quidditch." Ginny stepped between them, a hand on each of their chests to keep them apart. "Don't. You're lucky your spouses aren't here to witness this. You'd give them both a complex, what with this blatant foreplay." She glared at each of them in turn. "Hermione, don't be such a harpy. Ron, don't be such a prat. Are we done here? Where's George?" Hermione sighed, her hands on her hips as she dipped her head. "Sorry, Gin. Old habits, eh?" Ginny gave her a curt nod as Ron answered her other question. "He and Ange took Teddy to the WWW, wants to stock him up before he goes off to 'Dromeda's for the weekend. You know how she hates his 'little gifts'." They all summoned a groan, thinking of Andromeda emerging from the Grimmauld Place fireplace two months back with Teddy held out at arms length, covered in soot and dirt with bright green skin. She had been screaming bloody murder for George, who had instantly apparated home. It had taken a week to track him down for the counter-jinx to be administered, and since then Andromeda had banned George from watching Teddy unsupervised. She still looked a touch ill. " Are you guys still coming over tomorrow?" Hermione asked as they meandered through the crowds towards the brightly coloured shop. Ginny wrinkled her nose at the idea, earning her a slap from her best friend. "Don't look at me like that, Ginny Weasley. You know you love our little get-togethers." "That's just it, though. It's the first one since… well, since I got my name back, shall we say. Don't you think it will be awkward?" "Yes," Hermione allowed, "but not for long. You two need to learn how to be around each other as friends, just like Ron and I did. And –" she closed Ginny's mouth with a finger under her chin, seeing that she was about to protest, "- I'm not losing either of my friends over a piece of paper and a parasite." Ginny snorted, glancing down at her son. "Gee, thanks, 'Mione. Way to be supportive." The older witch tossed her hair and shot a scathing look over her shoulders. "You have been separated for six months. That's six months longer than I kept up sympathy for Lavender after her divorce, and she had two parasites. Two! " "Three, if you include Zabini." Ron pointed out with a smirk. "Exactly. Plus, I'm not choosing between you two. Either you both come or no-one does. It will just be me, Ron, Luna and the Housewives." " I don't think Theo would appreciate you calling him a woman." "Well then maybe he should get off of his lazy arse and stop whining." Hermione jabbed at Ron's ribs, smiling when he grunted in pain. "Either way, it's your loss. We're in good company with or without you." "I wasn't aware that your husband counted as good company," Ginny drawled, pulling her pram around as a shield when Hermione gasped in anger. Laughing, the three of them entered the Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes to collect Teddy, who would be found twenty minutes later on the top floor, smothered in Ten Second Pimple Vanisher and laughing wildly as he set off their collection of Whiz Poppers.