he would make a good guardian one day as well. He would make a better one than Harry's aunt and uncle had, at least. She turned towards the wizard sitting beside her. "He seems to be getting more comfortable around us." Remus nodded. "Finally. I was worried that, after how the Dursleys treated him, he would refuse to let any of us in." The one thing Narcissa and Remus had been able to agree on without compunction was that 4 Privet Drive was no place for a child to live. They had told Sirius enough about the situation for him to know to approach Harry with care, but they had an unspoken agreement not to inform him of the full extent of the boy's prior living conditions. If they had, they had no doubt that Sirius would be heading right back to Azkaban the next day. But their shared outrage had drawn them together, creating a quiet camaraderie that no amount of interference from Sirius could have forged. As they sat in companionable silence, she was faced with the realisation that he wasn't as terrible as she had thought he was. Despite his blood status and his unfortunate run-in with Greyback, he was actually well-mannered and rather interesting. She wasn't yet ready to process the concept that him being engaging company despite being a half-blood werewolf meant that any and all half-bloods and werewolves might be the same, but she couldn't deny that the thought had occurred to her. She had the uncomfortable suspicion that agreeing to work with Remus to help Harry would be the beginning of the end for more than one of the beliefs her parents had ingrained in her as a child. "Why did you help him?" Remus asked, tearing her from her thoughts. "I had a number of reasons, but the main one is Draco," she admitted. "I don't want him to follow Lucius' footsteps; I've already seen where that path leads. Perhaps, with Sirius in his life, he will feel like he has another option." "Then why didn't you just tell him that?" Narcissa laughed and gestured over to Sirius, who had somehow wound up with one child hanging off each arm as he sprinted through the rows of hedges. "Have you seen his ego? If I'd told him I wanted Draco to choose a different path, he'd have had the boy wearing red and gold before the day was out." He grinned at the thought. "He can be rather… tenacious." She reached for a piece of the hazelnut chocolate on the table before frowning when she realised that her companion hadn't yet eaten any. "Would you like some?" In an instant, the mirth faded from his eyes, replaced by a quiet sheepishness. "Er… Thank you, but I'm allergic to hazelnuts." Narcissa had never once contemplated the idea that werewolves and half-bloods would have allergies and health conditions just like other witches and wizards. Since neither the Malfoys nor the Blacks ever entertained guests who were not purebloods, she had never needed to take their dietary preferences into consideration. It was yet another sign, she supposed, that her worldview might not be as conclusive as she had once thought. The only outward indication of her shock was one slow blink. "I will have Dobby make something else," she said, slipping back into the role of hostess with practiced ease as she rose from her seat. "It's alright." Remus reached out and grabbed her hand to stop her from leaving. "You don't need—" His voice broke off as they both stared down at their entwined hands. Despite their begrudging friendship, they had never had reason to touch one another. But instead of feeling disgusted, she just felt warm. Instead of staying to analyse the feeling, Narcissa pulled her hand out of his grasp. "You are my guest," she said, her voice a touch shakier than she would have liked. "I insist." -x-x- Leaning back in her ornate desk chair, Narcissa stared out the window at the darkness outside. The full moon hung low in the sky like an ominous reminder of the werewolf that was currently trapped in the dungeons beneath the manor. The Muffling Charms that she had layered over the floor kept the noise from permeating through the building, but the knowledge of the horror that Remus and Sirius were facing made the silence stifling. Her thoughts returned to the sandy-haired wizard. Something had shifted between them that evening; that much was certain. The question was whether her feelings for him were something worth exploring—and the more she considered it, the more it dawned on her that they might be. She had been afraid that his condition would put Draco in danger, but Remus was as eager to avoid harming people as anyone. Her society friends would have been horrified at the thought of Narcissa being courted by a half-blood, but they were the kind of people that she was already trying to distance herself from. What do I want and how can I get it? Narcissa asked herself, repeating the questions that her parents had instilled into her as a child. After a few moments of quiet self-reflection, she concluded, I want to explore this, and I can only get it if I try. She knew there was a chance it would fail. He might not live up to her expectations; she might not live up to his. She didn't know if she would ever fully disavow blood purism, or if Remus would be able to forgive her if she didn't. But she had learned to trust her instincts over the years she had spent dealing with people who had more ulterior motives than winter coats, and her instincts were telling her that this was what she wanted. She wasn't ready to ask yet—for she knew that she would have to be the one to make the first move—but she would. Soon. Of course, Sirius would be insufferable when he found out.