toward Mad-Eye and Kingsley. "Your dueling skills are a sight to see." "I can hold my own, sir," Tonks said modestly. "I think you are far better than you're letting on, Nymphadora. I also believe that you will breathe some new life into our group of dodgy old men who tend to take themselves far too seriously." The familiar twinkle in the headmaster's eye was back as spoke this last bit. "When do you need your answer, sir?" Tonks asked, blushing slightly at his last comment. There was so much to consider, she was hoping she could have a bit of time to think. "You will meet Mad-Eye back here at six o'clock with your answer," replied Dumbledore. "If you consent to join The Order, you will be informed of necessary details with which to proceed. If you decline to join, we will then modify your memory." He paused here and fixed Tonks with his piercing gaze once more. "I trust that you can leave here and speak of this to no one until this evening?" "Sir, I won't speak of anything specific we discussed here today, but I'd like the chance to visit my parents for a short bit before I return tonight." Tonks returned the Headmasters gaze with her own determined stare. "Yes, I think that will do fine," replied Dumbledore. "Now, you and Kingsley must return to the Ministry. It was most enjoyable to see you again, my dear, and I look forward to seeing you this evening." Dumbledore stood, prompting the rest to stand with him. "Let us not forget your lunch," he said with a small smile. "Dobby," Dumbledore called softly. With a crack, Dobby reappeared in his strange outfit holding a bundle in his arms. "Dobby prepared Miss Tonks a toasted cheese sandwich, a bowl of tomato soup, coffee, and some biscuits. Dobby hopes you are pleased, miss," Dobby reported happily, bowing low to Tonks. Tonks smiled at Dobby while taking the bundle packed with food from his arms. "Thank you, Dobby," Tonks said while holding the bundle out in front of her, seeming to be measuring its weight. "This feels like quite a lunch you've packed for me here; you must know that I've quite an appetite. Or perhaps you were hoping I would share with my mate here." "Dobby is happy to hear Miss Tonks is pleased," Dobby replied with unsuppressed glee on his face. "Thank you, Dobby, that will do," Dumbledore stated, smiling at the house-elf. Dobby once again Disapparated and Dumbledore turned to Tonks, reaching out to shake her hand. "Until this evening, Nymphadora." Tonks understood the dismissal and knew that it was time for her and Kingsley to head back to the Ministry. She and Kingsley said their goodbyes to Mad-Eye and walked through the hall to the front door. The front door closed quickly behind them as they stepped onto the stoop; Tonks turned to Kingsley with a small smile as they heard a series of complicated locks click into place. They made their way to the side yard where they could Apparate back the Ministry. Tonks looked up at Kingsley as they walked, finding herself unusually at a loss for words. After a few paces, she said, "Well, that was the strangest lunch I've taken in a while. Wicked food though. I've not had a meal from a house-elf since my Hogwarts days. Reckon you want to share my sandwich?" Kingsley looked down at Tonks and gave her slight grin. "Gave you things to think on I hope. No more talk of it now though. Let's head back, share your food, and then you can take the rest of the day to visit your parents. I'll cover for you with Scrimgeour." "I won't say anything other than the fact that we all took lunch together today," Tonks said, looking up at Kingsley solemnly. "I trust you, Tonks," Kingsley said. "Believe me, you wouldn't be here if you weren't trusted." Tonks and Kingsley Disapparated to the Ministry where they quickly ate the lunch Dobby had prepared. Tonks finished enough paperwork to be passable for the day before she sent an owl to her parents and headed again for the Apparition point in the Ministry. . Tonks shook the thoughts of the day from her mind as she heard her mother speaking to her insistently. "Nymphadora, dear, you seem a hundred miles away. Are you quite sure you're all right?" "Hmm?" Tonks looked at her mother. "I was asking about Mad-Eye remaining retired, and you didn't seem to hear me. Are you all right?" Andromeda asked again. "Fine, Mum," Tonks replied. "It's just all this nonsense from the Prophet and Fudge's barmy statements to our department over the tournament. There's just something not quite right about all of it." "It's starting again, don't you agree, Ted?" Andromeda turned her steely gray eyes towards Ted, placing a hand over top one of his. "Isn't this just like it started last time?" "Yes, Dromeda, unfortunately I think you're right," replied Ted. "Pretty soon there will be more disappearances, more deaths. Then all the talk of bloody purity and ridding the wizarding world of Muggle-borns will start again." Ted shifted his hand so he was now holding Andromeda's hand. Tonks looked across the table at her parents. A blood-traitor and a Muggle-born who fought back in their own way during the War; defied the social norms and ignored what was expected of them to be together. Tonks sat and watched her parents and knew right then that she wanted to fight back as well. Knew she would be heading to Mad-Eye's house at six o'clock to join The Order of the Phoenix. A/N: Thank you for reading chapter 1 of my Tonks/Lupin story. My thanks go out to my wonderful Beta Kerichi. She rocks. So, I hope readers will enjoy this story as it plays out. If you take the time to read, please review! Chapter two should be up quite soon.