potions from the floor, he held them out dangling from his fingers. Harry stared at him. "What?" he said, making a face. "I said drink these," Snape repeated. "I didn't know you're hearing has worsened with age Mr. Potter." Harry scowled, "Of course, it didn't, but why do I have to drink those!" Snape let out a sigh shaking his head. "Anyone with half a brain knows you caught a cold. If you take these it should offset some of the symptoms, such as the aches I know your feeling. As well as the fever you have." Harry opened his mouth to retort, but Snape held up his hand. "And before you deny it, need I remind you I have been trained in basic mediwizard practices? I can tell when someone has an elevated temperature." "No sir…" "Then what is it you are trying to say Potter?" Snape asked with a raised eyebrow. "What is it to you if I caught a 'cold' as you put it? I'll be fine in a day or so," Harry stated. "You're right, providing you, and here's the real hard thing: rest. Rest as in stay in bed, and drink what's given to you. But as I know already, you will only stay long enough tomorrow to hear my choice. I know better than to insist on anything other than what I wish you to take tonight. So…" Snape said holding out the potions to Harry once more. Harry frowned; he couldn't remember the last time he actually drank a potion. Occasionally he took a pepper up or dreamless sleep, but that was only if he was desperate Or to save myself from one of Ginny's pots, Harry thought with a wince. "Don't argue for once." Snape added as he saw arguments spring to Harry's eyes. Sighing, Harry took the vials from Snape and stared at them for a few minutes before he raised his eyes. "Please you…" he began, but Snape held up a hand. "I am not discussing Hogwarts any more tonight," he said, making it plain that he was growing impatient. "Drink your potions Potter so that I can show you to one of my guest rooms and then retire myself." Sighing again, Harry uncapped the first of the potions and grimaced before he downed the contents. He scowled as he handed the empty vial back to Snape. The second potion took him slightly longer, because as he downed it the taste made him gag. Moving quickly, Snape covered Harry's mouth and rubbed the young man's throat to help get the liquid down. When Snape released his mouth, Harry gasped, "thanks-" His eyes filled with more tears as he coughed some more. "No, Potter," Snape snapped. "I don't want your thanks." Harry opened his mouth to speak again, but Snape cut him off, "I mean that Potter. Do not mention it!" Without waiting for a response, Snape turned and gestured for Harry to follow him. "Yes sir…" Harry mumbled, stumbling as he followed him. Turning swiftly Snape caught his arm and helped the younger man to the room nearest them. It was dark, done entirely in emerald green. Harry stared at the over large bed on the far wall and glanced at Snape. "Sir…how…why I mean…" he began. Snape snorted, "Most of this came with the house, it was my mothers. And that is all you need to know. Now let's get you to bed. We can talk more in the morning." Snape waved his wand, and the covers pulled back so that all Harry had to do was slide into the bed and beneath the blankets. Harry allowed himself to be led over and was surprised when Snape pushed him to the bed. "Sir…why are you doing this, all you needed to do was give me your answer," Harry whined Snape smirked, "Because it's confusing and irritating you Potter, and that gives me joy." Snape folded his arms. "Go to sleep," he commanded. "What? You're going to stand there and wait for me to sleep?" Harry asked shocked. "Yes, to ensure you do stay in that bed," he replied. "Unless, of course, you'd rather I use an immobilize hex on you…" He watched the way Harry's face paled and the look of terror seeped from behind the shields in his eyes. Ah…so there is something hidden , Snape mused to himself silently. "But…" "I do not want you wandering around poking your nose in my house without my permission." "Oh…well…I guess…" Harry said lamely. Snape glared down at him. "Sleep requires one's eyes to close," he snapped. He was waiting; all Potter had to do was admit he wasn't going to fall back asleep on his own. Harry looked away and sat up. "All right what do you want?" Harry asked with an annoyed tone of voice. Snape smirked. "Can you actually sleep willingly?" he asked. Looking up Harry was surprised to see understanding eyes. "No," he said softly and blinked as yet another potion was dangled in front of his face. "Take it without any questions, we'll discuss whatever it is we need to when you get up," Snape said and watched with satisfaction as Harry downed the potion without complaint. He waited as Harry settled down, and finally drifted into sleep. Then he pulled the blanket to the younger man's shoulders. Stepping back, Snape folded his arms and tapped his foot in irritation. Now this was a problem he had never thought he would foresee…Dumbledore's golden boy actually defeated by no one save himself… Snape shook his head. He did not want to go into the thoughts that were beginning to surface, he did not want to remember. He was going to bed himself; tomorrow was promising to be a long day. With a glance at the window, he grinned at the snow… he would have fun breaking the news to a certain young man that he was going to be trapped for at least several more days…