nodded and were each handed a time-turner on a gold necklace. As they were about to leave, McGonagall spoke, "Oh, do remember that you are not allowed to tell anyone of this. Understood?" "Yes, Professor," Harry and Hermione chorused. ~o0o~ "This is a bunch of crap! You're just a two-bit fraud!" Hermione snapped. Everyone watched in awe, as The Hermione Granger told off a teacher. She stood up, silently glancing at her two friends to see if they would follow. Harry shook his head; he had to stay with Ron. Plus, there was also the fact that he couldn't keep the time-turner if he dropped Divination, and he'd found it was a very useful little thing to have around. ~o0o~ "Hermione," Harry called, catching her attention before she could leave. "What," Hermione snapped, still pissed because of what had happened at breakfast. "Can we talk?" Harry asked, slightly flinching at her tone. Her eyes softened, "What is it?" "Not here, come on," Harry said, he pushed open the portrait hole and led her down to an empty stretch of hall with no portraits. He threw up a silencing charm, and then turned to Hermione, who was looking confused. "I know who sent me the Firebolt," Harry said bluntly. Hermione gasped, "What! How come you didn't say anything?" Harry shook his head, "Hermione, the only reason I'm telling you, is because you worry and probably would have gone to the teachers and created unnecessary panic." Hermione looked down guiltily, but determination flashed in her eyes, "It could have been cursed! It could have been sent from Sirius Black! Remember first year with Quirrell?" Harry shook his head, "Let me tell you why it couldn't have been cursed, firstly, the packaging is unopened, that means it came straight from the shop. Wizarding packaging is different from muggles; they have to have all sorts of protection charms on it, especially expensive stuff, like a Firebolt , so that it doesn't get stolen, or cursed, especially since they use owls to deliver it which can be intercepted." Hermione sighed seeing the logic in her friend's words, "Fine. Though you caught me just in time." Harry looked at her curiously. She smiled, guiltily, "I was heading out to get Professor McGonagall." Harry sighed in relief, "Thank Merlin I found you before then!" He sighed mournfully, "I have got to break that faith that you have in authority figures!" She slapped him on his arm, "Harry! The adults would have just looked it over!" "Seriously?" Harry asked in disbelief, "They could have wrecked it! They probably would've tried to take it apart and then tried putting it back together! I mean, it's more than a thousand galleon broom, you can't just take it apart and put it back together!" Harry exclaimed incredulously. "Haha," Hermione chuckled nervously, "It's a good thing you stopped me then, isn't it?" Harry rolled his eyes, though he felt a twinge of guilt for lying to his friend. He had no idea who had sent him the broom, but he hadn't lied about what he said about the spells on the packaging. And anyways, he doubted Sirius Black would spend so much on a broom just to kill him. ~o0o~ Harry watched as Sirius flew off on Buckbeak. He turned back after Sirius was out of sight. "Come on, Harry, we need to get back to the hospital wing," Hermione said softly. "He was my last chance at escaping the Dursleys," Harry whispered. Hermione sucked in a sharp breath, and quickly pulled him into a hug, "Oh Harry." He hugged her back, glad for the silent comfort. ~o0o~ "Hermione," Harry called. "Hmm?" Hermione said. Their eyes were closed as they lay against a tree trunk, basking in the warm sun. Exams were finally over, although Ron still had his last exam with Trelawney left, so he was going to join them later on. He had already finished his own. "When an Animagus transforms, they don't need their wands, right?" Harry asked. Hermione finally opened her eyes and turned her head to face him, "No, it's called wandless magic. However, wandless magic is extremely hard, and you have to be a very powerful wizard to accomplish even the most basic things. Like Professor Snape, when he slams the classroom doors with a wave of his hands." Harry nodded, "But what about Animagi? I mean, look at Pettigrew, he wasn't, isn't , very powerful but he's still an Animagus." Hermione hummed thoughtfully, "I'd have to look into it, but that's a good point. Why are you asking?" "I was just thinking-" Hermione gasped, "Wow! Really?" Harry elbowed her in the side, "Hush you!" Hermione laughed. "Anyways, our wands have traces on them so we can't do magic over the summer, but, if we don't use our wands…" Harry trailed off, a mischievous smirk on his lips. ~o0o~ Emerald: Yo! How do you like it? This chapter is the basis for the rest of the story. The next chapter is where the story will start. 2 nd Year Explanation: In cannon (the movie, since I don't have a copy of the book), Ginny wakes up as soon as Tom Riddle is destroyed after Harry stabs the diary repeatedly. However, in here, Harry only stabs the diary once, so the magic takes some time to leave Ginny's body, that's why she doesn't wake up immediately and Harry has time to repair the book. That's my theory anyways. 3 rd Year Explanation: The class schedules, I got those off of the Harry Potter Wiki. There are quite a few classes that overlap, this is the full schedule: Monday: Care of Magical Creatures Divination and Study of Ancient Runes Transfiguration Potions Defense Against the Dark Arts Tuesday: CoMC Potions Astronomy Wednesday: History of Magic Herbology Thursday: Divination, Muggle Studies, and Arithmancy Transfiguration Potions DADA CoMC Friday: Potions Charms and Study of Ancient Runes DADA I hope that this answers any questions you may have. Read and Review! =D