she was quite sure that it was something that was unheard of. The snake jerked its head toward Uncle Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Harry a strange look and Valerie could hear it hiss as if trying to tell them something. And then, as if it was the most usual thing, Harry started to hiss back, making sounds similar to the ones the animal in the cage had just made. The snake nodded vigorously. Not that snakes were capable of nodding but Valerie simply couldn't find any other words to describe it. Valerie`s mouth fell open and she stared at her brother with wide eyes. "Harry, what are you doing?" She whispered and took a step backward. He ignored her and, instead, began to hiss again. She had to admit that it was a little bit frightening. The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Valerie peered at it. Boa Constrictor, Brazil. Where they talking to each other? The boa constrictor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Valerie read on: This specimen was bred in the zoo. Again, Harry made some of those mysterious hissing-noises and the snake shook its head. A deafening shout behind them made all three of them jump. "DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT IT'S DOING!" Dudley came waddling toward them as fast as he could. "Out of the way, you," he said, punching Harry in the ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry fell hard on the concrete floor. What came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened - one second, Piers and Dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, they had leapt back with howls of horror. Harry sat up and Valerie gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor's tank had vanished. The great snake was uncoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits. As the snake slid swiftly past them, Valerie could have sworn a low, hissing voice before it vanished around a corner. The keeper of the reptile house was in shock. "But the glass," he kept saying, "where did the glass go?" The zoo director himself made Aunt Petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley could only gibber. As far as Valerie had seen, the snake hadn't done anything except snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all back in Uncle Vernon's car, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, "Harry was talking to it, weren't you, Harry?" Uncle Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry. He was so angry he could hardly speak. He managed to say, "Go - cupboard - stay - no meals," before he collapsed into a chair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy. Harry lay in his dark cupboard much later, while Valerie was forced to share the living room with her aunt and uncle. She was not allowed to see him. To her great dismal, Uncle Vernon kept an annoyingly close eye on her. "If I ever find out that you sneak food into that closet, girl," he hissed, his fat red face only inches away from hers. "You will never see the light of day again!" Uncle Vernon hated Harry. Somehow, he`d found out that Valerie provided him with food during his prolonged stays in the closet which, in return, made him hate Valerie almost as much as her brother. They'd lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as they could remember, ever since they'd been babies and their parents had died in that car crash. She couldn't remember being in the car when their parents had died. Sometimes, when she strained her memory during long hours in their cupboard, she came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and the piercing scream of a woman. This, she supposed, was the crash, though she couldn't imagine where all the green light came from. She couldn't remember their parents at all. Their aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of course they were forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in the house. When she had been younger, Valerie had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation coming to take them both away, but it had never happened; the Dursleys were their only family. Yet sometimes she thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know them – or her brother at least. Very strange strangers they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to Harry once while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man, Aunt Petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him once on a bus. A bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the second Valerie tried to get a closer look. At school, they had no one. Everybody knew that Dudley's gang especially hated that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Dudley's gang. Since Valerie was related to Harry and wore equally baggy clothes, they also stayed away from her – if they weren't busy enough ignoring her, that was.