us to contact for you?" Hermione almost shot up out of bed, and in a panic said, "No, Please. Don't tell anyone! No one can know." Fleur jumped into the bed and grabbed her. "We won't tell anyone mon lionne. Come here." Fleur pulled her into her arms and wondered, " How did it get this bad? " Fleur started to rock Hermione back and forth and said, "We will not tell a soul until you are ready to mon lionne." "Thank you" she whispered as she clung to Fleur. Fleur looked up at Harry while she was holding Hermione and silently asked, "How did this happen? How did she get this bad?" Harry dropped his shoulders in response "I honestly don't know. I guess none of us really knew. She just hid it from us. From all of us." Harry looked over to the healer and asked, "Is there any paper work we need to fill out before we leave?" He stood up from his chair and started to walk towards the door. Fox gave a cough and said, "Well, yes there is. I will also give you a list of potions that Miss Granger will need to be on and we can set up a schedule with the mind healer." Fleur gave Harry a small nod as he walked out the door. Fleur tried to push Hermione away just enough so that she could look her, but this only cause Hermione to tighten her grip. "Mon lionne, I am not going anywhere. Neither is Harry. Let's get you dressed. I don't know about you, but I for one would love a nice hot shower." Hermione slowly eased up her grip and tried to get up. "Fleur, why do you call me mon lionne?" she asked as she was starting to get changed. "Because it is true. You have always been my lioness. I believe it, now we just have to get you to believe it." Hermione wanted to ask why she was living with Harry, but then thought it must because of what happened to her. She stumbled a little as she was trying to put her pants on and fell into Fleur's arms. "I'm sorry Fleur, it would seem my balance is a little messed up." But instead of trying to move, she just stayed there. She felt right at home. As if this was where she was meant to be. What Hermione didn't realize was that Fleur was feeling the exact same way, but knew that this wasn't the time or place. Fleur looked into Hermione's eyes and her breath caught in her throat. "We need to get you dressed mon lionne so that we can get going." Fleur tried to look away, but just couldn't bring herself to do it. She wanted desperately to lean down and kiss her, to help take away the pain and disappear she was feeling. "Could you give me a hand? I'm still feeling dizzy." "Of course Cherie. Let's get you all set." A few minutes later Harry came back into the room with the healer. "We are all set. I have a list of everything we need. Are you ready to go Mione?" Harry asked as he was walking back over to the bed. "Harry, are you sure about me staying with you? I don't want to be a bother." She replied. Harry took her hands and said, "It is no bother Mione. It's not like we haven't lived together before. At least this time it won't be in a tent, have running water and heat, and don't have to worry about mushrooms." This made Hermione smile and she replied, "If you didn't like the mushrooms, you should have done the scavenging." "Now Miss Granger." The healer said, drawing everyone attention. "I gave Harry my card. If you need anything, I am only a floo call away. We have set your first appointment up with the mind healer for a couple of days from now. I know you don't want to hear this, but you need to stop drinking and doing those drugs. I know it will be tough, but Harry and Fleur have assured me that they will be with you the entire time. The potions I have you on should not mix with alcohol." Fox made sure Hermione was actually listening to this before continuing, "I had them take down the wards so that you could apparate directly out of this room. I figured you didn't want anyone to see you." Hermione knew the healer meant well, but she just wasn't sure if she would be able to handle all of this sober. She tried to gather her courage by looking at Fleur and Harry. "If you're ready Mione, I can take you back to my place now. What do you say?" Harry was holding his hand out for Hermione to take. Silently she took it and let him help her up. "Harry, are you sure no one is in the house? I don't want to see anyone." "Don't worry Mione. The Weasley's are all at the Burrow. I won't let any of them stay in the house. Mrs. Weasley is having a brunch later today, so we won't have to worry about any one bothering us. If someone does stop by, I will keep them down stairs. We won't tell them know that you are here." "Is Fleur coming with us?" asked Hermione as she was wrapping her arms tightly around Harry so he get them to where they needed to be. "Of course mon lionne. I will be right behind you." replied Fleur as she gave Hermione a smile that made her heart skip a beat. a/n- This may turn into something more, but I'm not too sure. Please be kind if you review. Il sera ok mon petit lionne- means It will be ok my little lioness Courage mon petit lionne- means Courage my little lionesss Réveiller mon lionne- means Wake up my lioness