asked Mallory. Alexandra held her breath until Lilith nodded. "Mallory's right. We can trust Ava." Decided Lilith. "But I'm assuming that's not your real name?" she asked, turning to a now blushing Alexandra, who shook her head no. "I've kept my initials the same. My real name is Alexandra Lily Potter." Answered Alexandra. "I'm Hassan Crawford." Introduced the blonde. "Suzette Andi Natasha." Introduced the brown eyed adult. "So you guys all live here?" asked Alexandra. Lilith nodded. "Us and my older sister Nakusha. But everyone calls her McKenzie. It's her middle name. call her Nakusha and your dead." Explained Lilith. "You can call me Lia, by the way. I don't mean to sound rude, but why are you here?" she asked. Alexandra sighed. "My uncle isn't very happy with me. My aunt, well she's not really my aunt but I'm forced to call her that, had an allergic reaction. I cook all of the meals, and apparently she was allergic to something I cooked. I didn't realize she was allergic to it, but my uncle didn't care. That's why I ran away last summer." Fibbed Alexandra. Lilith nodded in understanding. "Yes, but why are you here now? And who were those men who took you? Is there still a murderer after you?" she asked in confusion. "My parents went to an exclusive boarding school in Scotland, and before they died, they paid for me to go there. That's why I didn't come earlier. When I got off the train, by aunt and uncle weren't there. I called them, and they threatened me not to come home. So I didn't. Those men were the FBI in charge of the Tom Riddle case. The Dursleys over reacted and called them saying that I had "poisoned" my aunt. When they got wind of the fact that I had ran away, they took me to a safe house until school started. But don't worry! Nobody is currently after me! I'm not putting you in danger. Can I please stay?" asked Alexandra. "Of course! But we need to change your hair, and steal you some clothes." Decided Suzette. Alexandra reared back. "Wait, what?" asked Alexandra. "I get the hair and clothes thing. I'm recognizable, and my clothes are kinda deplorable, but steal? Is that really necessary?" Hassan chuckled. "I was like that to at first. I ran away when I was seven. Suzette found me, and stole me an outfit. I was horrified. But then I realized that it was part of survival." Explained Hassan. "FYI, here is your new schedule: on Mondays you beg. Tuesdays you do odd jobs. Wednesdays and Thursdays you pick-pocket around town on Fridays you beg. On Sundays we go to church in the morning and relax in the afternoons, unless we have a job. On Saturdays we stay home and teach Mallory and Cormac. You have the same schedule as Lia." Alexandra, though still not liking the idea of stealing, nodded and resigned herself to doing such. Lilith grinned. "Great!" she beamed. "Let me give you the grand tour. There are three rooms in the apartment. The main room is the one we are currently in. Over there is where you and I'll sleep." She said pointing to a couch against a wall. "It folds out into a bed. Behind us is where Suzette sleeps.'' She pointed to a dirty, white chaise. "McKenzie and Mallory sleep in the bed over there." She pointed to a queen size mattress laying on the floor. It had three pillows and a black quilt on it. Next to the bed was a rack holding five shirts, a jacket, and a sweater. Folded neatly on the floor next to the rack was a couple pairs of pants, some undergarments, and a skirt. With a start, Alexandra realized that besides the clothes on their backs, this was all the clothing they owned. "That pile of green couch cushions is where Hassan and Cormac sleep." Narrated Lilith, pointing to the far corner. She then led Alexandra to a red door. Inside was a small kitchen. "In here is the kitchen, and through the blue door is the restroom. And that's it." Finished Lilith with a smile. "What color would you like to dye your hair?" Alexandra thought about it for a minute. " "I think I would make a nice blonde- "No way! To do that you would have to bleach your hair! Your hair is way too beautiful to ruin like that!" interrupted Lilith. "You have to dye it red. That's the only color you can dye black hair without it being bleached." She explained. Alexandra sighed. Great she would look identical to her mom. She had to get the dye out before she left for Hogwarts, or else her teachers would have a heart attack. "Tonight will be your chance to prove yourself, Alexandra." Said Suzette. "Don't call be Alexandra. Usually when someone calls me that, they want to kill me. Call me Alex, or Ally, or Alexa, or Lexi, or Andra. But not Alexandra." She stated. "I think Lexi's right." Said Hassan with a wink. "When out in public we should call her Ava. If someone were to realize that she wasn't at her uncle's house, he might lie and say that she ran away. Then people might be on the lookout. Alexandra isn't a very common name." "Can we get back on topic? What do you mean by 'a chance to prove myself'?" Alexandra asked. Mallory smirked. "Whenever someone comes to live with Suzette, they have to steal clothes on their first night. Hassan was a special case, but everyone else did. I didn't manage to steal a single outfit, but McKenzie stole one for herself and for me. Plus Hassan gave me the clothes he ran away in. they didn't fit him when he was seven, but he thought they might fit me. Lia snagged two outfits." The small girl explained. Alexandra sighed. It was going to be a long night.