the restaurant," her sister repeated. "But—" "Don't tell me you're shattered over the thought of giving up the burden of running a business. I mean, when was the last time you stepped foot in the restaurant?" Parvati averted her gaze once more, not wanting to acknowledge the last time she had attempted to be part of their business. "If you don't recall, I can—" "I don't need you to repeat it," Parvati said bitingly as she flopped in one of the arm chairs across from the couch. Unfortunately, Parvati remembered perfectly well what had happened the last time Padma had asked her to be present for something involving the restaurant. There was an inspection needed since their restaurant had been in operation for six months. Parvati had attended, attempting to do something right. By the end of the night, she'd ended up earning them a citation for public intoxication in the workplace. Their parents had needed to smooth it over with the business registrar's office. After that night, Parvati worked behind the scenes exclusively. Revamping menu items, searching family recipes, anything she could do from their flat. "The restaurant is doing quite well. Brilliantly, really," Padma said. Knowing it wasn't fair, but not caring enough to stop herself, Parvati said, "A bit conceited, aren't we? A few good months of business and it's suddenly brilliant?" "People can deal with me being conceited because my business is successful. Thriving, really." " Your business?" Parvati shrieked. Even with the potions her sister had left on her table, her head throbbed slightly at her raised voice. "Could you be conceited right now? Call the business your success?" Parvati closed her eyes and fought against her emotions. The truth stung. Of course nobody would tolerate her conceit right now because she'd done nothing toward success. And Padma, of all people, knew that truth. "Who's the buyer?" Parvati asked, keeping her eyes closed against her sister's steadfast gaze. "It's interesting, really," Padma said. "You know her. She's actually quite aware of your problem and has been helping me. You see, this is what the Muggles call an intervention. I've been reading up on the subject." Muggles? Intervention? Parvati's head swam at her sister's words. Of course Padma would read a book to help solve a problem. She was a Ravenclaw through and through. Parvati opened her eyes to see a book in Padma's hands. "Hermione Granger," Padma said. "Hermione?" Parvati asked incredulously. She wondered how the Gryffindor bookworm could possibly know about her drinking. "Didn't the Prophet say she was marrying Ron Weasley? Like they have the money to buy me out," she spit out nastily. "Ah," Padma said, flipping open her book and scanning a page at the beginning Parvati could only assume was a table of contents. "Lashing out. There's a whole chapter about lashing out. He's come a long way since being my knob-headed date at the Yule Ball, you know," Padma said as she flipped the pages. "Here we are. The checklist." The last thing Parvati wanted was to hear something read from a book that cited the evidence of her problem. The thought alone was enough to make her want a drink. To Parvati's dismay, Padma began to read aloud. "Does your loved one lie or hide their drinking? Does your loved one blackout after drinking? Do they drink to improve their mood? Do their hands tremble? Do they have problems with family members as a result of drinking? Do they drink in the morning?" "All right!" Parvati said, her voice shaking with the many emotions she tried so hard to suppress: grief, guilt, shame, anger. "What do you want from me?" Parvati asked. "To tell you how much I hate myself? That I can't stand the pain so much I think about ending it?" Padma's tone was much softer than the business-like one she'd assumed so far. "That," she said, tears filling her eyes. "I want your honesty. I want you to seek help. I don't want to fix your problems or pretend like they don't exist like Mum and Dad. I want to help you seek help." Help . Was that what Parvati needed? Help? Help from whom? Parvati stared at her sister. There was no denying her problem now. Not to the identical face staring hopefully at her. "It still hurts so much," Parvati said, ignoring the tears that began flowing down her cheeks. "It's going to hurt, akka ," Padma said, her voice thick with emotion. "But, we won. If you keep doing this, it's like he won. It's like...like she died for nothing. Don't make it so she died for nothing." Parvati looked up sharply at her sister's words, the tears she was trying in vain to hold back still wetting her cheeks. She stared at Padma for a long moment before the tears fell in earnest. It was as if two years of unacknowledged grief came crashing down all at once. Parvati cried. She cried until her voice was raw from the sobs and her eyes were practically swollen shut. She cried for Lavender as well as herself. She cried for her sister and the love and devotion she was showing. Parvati had no idea how long she sat with her grief. When she finally opened her eyes, she saw that Padma had moved her from the chair to the couch and had wrapped her arms protectively around her. For the first time in a long time, Parvati felt hope. A/N: This is for round 4 of the Quidditch League Fanfiction Competition Challenge: For this round, you will be writing about those forgotten families. Chaser 3: The Patils Prompts: 5. (Word) print, 7. (Quote) The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful, but not from anybody else, 15. (Phobia) heliophobia Word count: 3028 Akka is the Indian term for sister according to a friend of mine. I'm not sure about the subtleties between languages and cultures, so I apologize if it's not correct:)