turn, just when they thought they were on the right track. She knew that in times of war, things didn't always go to plan, but this was her son. The son of the woman she had loved as a daughter, changed now to her own kin. They shared a bond which she had ignored. How long would it have taken to spare a moment to check in with him through their connection? To love him, to send him off to sleep with thoughts of how much she adored him, and how much she did everything for his safety? She shook her head at herself. "I'm a foolish old woman." " Máthair [Mother]?" "Hello leòmhann beag [little lion]." "Missed you," he mumbled, before waking up properly. "Máthair!" She gasped as he practically jumped into her arms, wrapping his ever growing body as tightly around hers as he could. "I'm so sorry Harry," she whispered. "I let you down, I didn't know Albus had done those things, but I am sorry for the part I played as well." "It's okay," he mumbled into her neck. "I'm used to it." "That's even more reason for me to be sorry," she said into his hair. "You and I are supposed to count on each other, and I forgot that." He shrugged, making her want to try harder. "I should have checked in on you when you were awake." "I get it," Harry said pulling away. "You guys have things to do, but I don't know why I can't help. I brought him back; he's back because of me." The tears started falling down his face, and Minerva realised that despite the few weeks discussing it together at the beginning of the holidays, he hadn't really come to terms with Cedric's death. "Oh leanabh [baby], none of this is your fault," she said, gripping his arms so he looked at her. "None of this. He would have come back no matter what. And darling, what happened to Cedric is not your fault either." "HE DIED!" Harry snapped, standing up and pacing back and forth in front of the door. "He died in front of me, right there. I could have grabbed him, I could have -" "No," she said quietly. "No Harry, you could not have done any differently. Voldemort killed Cedric Diggory. Harry Potter did not kill Cedric Diggory." "But I -" "Don't Harry," she pleaded. "Please don't do this to yourself. You need to let this go." "It's all my fault," he whispered. She rose from the bed, coming to stand in front of him, bending a little to look into his eyes. "When I was a young woman, I fought in a war I was too young to fight in. I made many friends while we were stationed in Europe, one girl in particular. We fought together and lived together. One day we travelled out with our platoon and I spied something in the distance, and broke off to investigate. She went with me and I stupidly went into the building without clearing it." She wiped a tear from her cheek as she looked deep into his eyes. "She died in my arms." "I don't know what to do." The guilt she felt returned tenfold as she pulled him into her body again. "We'll get through this," she whispered. "Are you tired, or can we talk about what happened today?" "I saved him," he said in way of an answer, his words shaking. "There were two of them. I'd gone for a walk, which was stupid I know, but I was," he looked sadly down at his feet, "I was lonely and there were only so many hours I could talk to Kenna." She nodded without saying anything. "He was herding sheep, so I stopped to watch, but then it suddenly got cold and I realised what was happening. We ran to a barn and I cast a Patronus , I fought them both off and now they've expelled me." "I know neither of us are very happy with him, but Albus will fix this." She watched as Harry shivered slightly, a hard look coming across his face before disappearing completely. She found it curious, but didn't comment as he laid his head tiredly against her shoulder. "Can I, would it be okay if you stayed with me tonight?" he asked quietly. From the tired eyes to the sad voice, she realised that his nightmares were back, so instead of answering him, she took him by the hand and led him into her room across the hall. "You hop in while I change," she said, kissing the scar on his forehead. He smiled and went to lay in her big bed, closing his eyes before she had even shut the bathroom door. She used the time she was in the shower to let her own tears fall. She leant against the opulent tiles and wept until she was sure she had no tears left. She had let him down so much, but she was not going to do that again. She needed to be better, and with the start of school looming, she would be. She would tell Albus that she would take care of the school while he took care of everything else. It was more than enough after what she had already done for him. She quickly changed into her pyjamas and dried her hair with a simple charm, slipping beside her son with a sigh. " Máthair [Mother]," he mumbled, turning instinctively towards her and snuggling up to her side. She spent a scant few moments stroking her hands through his unruly hair before pulling him even closer as she rolled towards him. " Tha gu seo balach biodheach [I'm here beautiful boy]," she whispered. "And I will be, from now on. Tha gealltanas [I promise]." She fell into a comfortable sleep, her mind pausing from its turmoil to enjoy the sensation of her son finding strength through her.