fist connect with her face. It was so hard she saw stars and tasted blood. Emmeline screamed somewhere in the vicinity. Farther away, James called out and told Alice to run . There were too many of them, Auror training told her not to Apparate because an enemy could side-along and find her location, they'll get Frank another way, they were betrayed. But she couldn't do anything. She couldn't even tell which way was up. Alice was hauled to her feet. She couldn't get her bearings fast enough and didn't keep her consciousness when she was Apparated away. When Alice opened her eyes the first thing she noticed was the smell of mildew. Then she noticed that she was laying on concrete and her hands were bound behind her back. She was wandless. Her mouth was full of the metallic taste of blood. It was dark. She tried to sit up. Her movement attracted the attention of the Death Eater guarding the door. She was in… a cellar. A dungeon. "Dolohov," the guard said, "She's moving." "Get her up here, the Dark Lord wants to see her," said the equally gruff voice in response. Alice had gotten herself into a sitting position now. She was lying right before the door. She tried to scoot away but she had no strength and no purchase on the damp concrete, so the two men were able to just grab her and haul her to her feet. When they did, she could see there were more… bodies. More people in the cellar with her. On one side, she could see a familiar shape. Red shirt, hair and neck a bloody mess, but still breathing. Her husband. Unbound. "Frank," she said and then started to yell louder, "Frank! Frank, wake up! Wake–" She was hit in the face. New blood flowed from her nose and into her mouth. She spit it on the floor as they dragged her, kicking and snarling, up the stairs from the cellar. They were in what once was a glorious manor for a very rich family, if the size said anything about it. But it was falling apart and decrepit, and the mildew smell didn't fade as they went to an upper floor. With every step, Alice's hope to get out of this diminished. She was to suffer undoubtedly the same fate as so many of her friends at the hands of the Death Eaters. Maybe even Lord Voldemort himself would want to use his own wand on her. She did defy him three times. Inside the largest room was the largest congregation of Death Eaters she's ever seen. They were all unmasked now and dressed as if they were attending some sort of dinner function. The Lestrange brothers, Lucius Malfoy, Corban Yaxely, were all at school at some point during Alice's time at Hogwarts and they all lined the center of the room down which she was moved. The Carrow twins, whom Alice knew, and Bellatrix Lestrange stood at the foot of the dais at the end of the room. On that dais was a simple sort of high-backed chair, like one would find in Dumbledore's office, but this one had Voldemort in it. When Alice looked up at him, he shifted from a rather casual, leaning position to one of interest, an elbow on one of his kness. "Welcome, Alice," he said, and his voice sent shivers down her spine. He had never spoken to her directly from his mouth before, discounting spells. "I told you one day you would join us." Alice didn't say anything, just stared at him with her most defiant look. She knew she had no hope of escape. Those in the cellar were incapacitated and she was vastly, vastly outnumbered. She thought only of her husband, and her son, who would be safe and happy with his grandmother. He would know one day that his parents did not give in without a fight. Where dwell the brave at heart. "If you accept your position, you will be granted mercy," Voldemort went on, and Bellatrix Lestrange's face twisted bitterly at the word 'mercy'. He continued. "Sadly, your husband once more refused. But it is not too late for you, Alice. I know you're smarter than that." Again, she remained silent, her expression hard and impassive. This seemed to enrage Bellatrix. "The Dark Lord spoke to you, blood traitor!" she shouted, advancing on Alice on her guards. Alice gathered as much blood and saliva as she had in her mouth and she spit right at Bellatrix's feet. "Rot in hell," she hissed. Bellatrix looked absolutely mad and she drew her wand. "Kneel before your master!" she shrieked and aimed for Alice, "Imperio!" Voldemort cackled. Against her will, Alice's knees started to bend. Kneel before the Dark Lord, the cruel voice in her head said, kneel for your master. It was like an icy grip around her brain telling her to do kneel and kneel now. She nearly did it, too. And then she remembered. The Longbottoms did not go down without a fight. Her legs started to straighten. "I bow to no one . " she snarled through her teeth, voice pinched in strain. Bellatrix screeched. Voldemort simply said, "Enough." The curse lifted and Alice could breathe again. The Death Eaters holding her bound arms kept her from collapsing in exhaustion. "She's made her choice. Bellatrix," he turned to the brutal woman, who bent at the waist in obedience at being addressed, "You and your husband had so much fun with the other Longbottom… see if you can't still find out where their friends are hiding." If Alice had ever been able to look back on or even remember this day, she would never say she was afraid, even as Bellatrix started to laugh coldly and approach her, wand up. Alice took a shaky breath and closed her eyes. I tried to save you, Frank. I'm sorry. I love you, Neville. Be brave for us.