kiss him again. "Good," he spoke, words muffled against her lips, "because we're not staying on this couch." He lifted her up, easily shifting her weight with his arms around her small frame. Her dress had ridden up her thighs, and he moved one hand lower to grip her arse. She buried her face into his neck, peppering kisses along his jawbone as he moved them both from the room. Harry set her down just outside the door of the drawing room, heels clicking soundly as they touched the old wooden floorboards. He started to pull her up the tall stairway, but they'd barely made it halfway when he had her pinned against the wall, arms held over her head as their tongues battled for dominance. They broke apart long enough to stumble through the doorway closest to the steps, and he had her tipped back onto the bed in record time. She barely had a chance to look around before he was on top of her, lips dancing again. "This dress needs to come off," He growled against her lips. Pansy couldn't agree more, so she put her hands onto his chest to push him up and away from her. She carefully moved off the bed, turning away from him and glancing over her shoulder through hooded lids. "Unzip me?" She asked softly. Harry gripped her waist gently, pulling her back between his legs and slowly started unzipping the garment, revealing smooth, tan skin inch by inch. When he finally reached the end at the base of her back, she shrugged the sleeves off of her shoulders and let it pool on the ground at her feet. His hands were immediately on her, running up and down her sides, and the feeling sent tingles up her spine. He kissed his way down her curves, settling his hands on her hips before biting her arse. The sharp contrast pulled a moan from her lips, and she could feel the familiar heat settling in her stomach. She shivered as he hooked his fingers into the sides of her knickers and slowly pulled them down her legs. She quickly slipped her feet out of them, kicking her heels off before turning back around to push him down onto the bed. His painfully slow teasing was going to come to an end, and she planned to have some fun of her own. "I think you're wearing too much. How about you lose the trousers?" She raised a brow, eyeing his crotch as if to challenge him. Harry chuckled, and she watched his fingers methodically as they ever so slowly undid the button and zipper. He pulled both his pants and boxers down his legs, tossing the offending articles onto the floor with her own. Pansy crawled onto the bed, eyes raking up his lean figure and moved to straddle him. She felt his hard length press against her core but kept her breathing steady, even as she was ready to burst. She reached back to unhook the clasp of her bra and let the scrap of lace fall away. Harry inched his calloused hands up her stomach and onto her breasts, kneading the sensitive flesh. She tilted her hips forward, repositioning herself and sank down onto him. They both cried out at the needed contact, and Pansy braced both hands against his shoulders as she rocked her hips in earnest. " Fuck ," Harry growled out as he pushed his hips up to meet hers, falling into rhythm. She yelped in surprise as he flipped her onto her back and dissolved into a fit of whimpers when he hiked both legs onto his shoulders. Pansy dug her nails into his skin just enough to hurt, raking across his back and leaving her mark. He was anything but gentle, hands gripping her thighs and surely bruising the creamy skin as his pounded into her warmth. The delicious push and pull had her screaming, crying out please, right there, more, don't stop. Harry reached his hand down and started rubbing circles around her clit. She could feel the fire building inside of her as he thrusted harder. Her legs started trembling and she knew she was close. " Fuck… oh, fuck. Let go - I can feel that you're close. Let go, Pansy ," He purred into her ear. With those words, she uncoiled, his name tearing from her lips. Her nails dug deeper into his back, and she could feel her pulse pounding in her ears. Harry grabbed her legs, pushing them together and repositioning them to the side of his hip. He pushed in deeper, and the new angle felt amazing. " Don'tStopPleaseDon't ," She spoke incoherently, words running together as the pressure built up once again. He picked up speed and leaned down to bite into her neck. " Right there - Fuck. Right there! " She cried. " Come with me ," she spoke breathlessly, reaching down to rub at the small bundle of nerves, pulling herself closer to the edge. The second orgasm ripped through her body, and she felt Harry shake slightly as he came. He rolled off of her and pulled her into his side. Pansy laid her head down onto his chest and listened to his heart pounding, smiling because hers was beating just a fast to match. "That was phenomenal ," He spoke into her hair as he kissed her head. "Didn't think I'd ever agree with a Gryffindor, but it was pretty great." Harry chuckled, tucking her closer against him. "Give me a bit, and I'll change your mind on that great comment." She laughed as she settled into Harry's chest, taking comfort in the protective feel of his arms wrapped around her. Pansy Parkinson still hated baby showers, but she was finding out that she didn't hate Gryffindors quite as much as she thought she did. Well, at least not this one. A million thanks to LadyParongsny for gracing us with her beta skills!