out all along. "Everyone knows you've been screwing him up in the Head's Tower," he added, coldly. Never in all the years she'd know him had he spoken to her in such a way. As if his teasing and good natured pestering had all been a lie, when all the while he'd been thinking this of her. That she was some other worthless slag, the only difference being the Head Girl badge on her chest. And just as suddenly as she'd felt guilty, her anger flooded back like being dunked under freezing water. How dare he try to make this about her indiscretions? How dare he try to play the innocent in all of this after what she's caught him doing; her cousin's involvement be damned. And how dare he try to humiliate her for what she'd been doing? Maybe she had her own motives and more privacy than most but she wasn't making profit from it. She was furious again. Instead of cowering with guilt under his gaze she stood up to stare back at him, puffing out her chest defiantly. "Stop making this about me, Malfoy. That's none of your business," his eyes flickered for a moment but he stared resolutely back. "Besides, why the hell do you care? What right have you to talk about my private life in such a way?" It took a moment for the blush to become apparent. His warm breath on her face was still distracting against her will as they stood with only the desk between them, both leaned over so their faces were only a foot apart. Starting at his ears a dull colour covered his cheeks as he continued to look on, his lips parted as his eyes began to dart around her face – her eyes, the freckles across her nose, her lips. They hovered there a moment before the meaning of her questioning and his silence in response hit her like a sledge hammer. She recoiled in shock. Once again he dusted down the non-existent lint off his jumper, it appeared to give him something to focus his attention on so as to not have to look at her. Only this time, they were fumbling hands, no nonchalance or confidence in sight. He put his glasses back on. She swallowed hard. This realisation did nothing for the churning in her stomach, transforming into butterflies it was becoming more and more difficult to ignore. "I've got to tell McGonagall about this you know?" she said, more tentatively than she should have. Still reeling from his unspoken confession. He had just tried to take the heat off himself by speaking openly about her sexual encounters after all. He sighed, running long, slender fingers through his hair, putting his glasses back on. His eyes went to the ceiling (she hoped it wasn't so he could avoid looking at her), "please talk to Albus before you do that." "Why?" she asked stubbornly. "Because…," another few hands through his hair, making it more and more of a dishevelled mess, "…because he'd kill me if I at least didn't ask you to. And," his eyes found hers, and they were already filled with regret before he spoke, "you could make a lot of enemies by shutting us down." Her fist clenched at her side, it was like a jab of annoyance in her chest. She assumed it was a warning, not a threat. However, it still left a bitter taste in her mouth. After everything she'd just discovered she wasn't quite sure what he meant by it. "Do you really think that's my priority in all this?" she asked truthfully, exasperated by his attitude she threw her arms out, before she gestured between the two of them she let them fall back to her sides. "I'm just telling you like it is." He sat back down, looking completely dejected – a huge contrast to the self-assured, cordial bloke she'd walked in on earlier. "Like I've always done." He added as if an afterthought. Rose had heard enough tonight. Her mind was swimming and her head throbbing; the tell-tale signs of a terrible night's sleep (thank Merlin it was Saturday) ahead. She nodded by way of farewell, something that had passed between the two of them many times before. She heard him sigh downcast as she closed the door behind her. She had no idea what time of night it was when she finally crawled into bed. Having changed into her pajamas and washing in a daze. The night's discovery, and the multitude of unanswered questions battering the inside of her brain. Not even beginning to consider the revelation about Scorpius. How quickly the tables had turned indeed. How disillusioned had she been about the two of them. Up to mischief when really, they were running an underground business to allow students a crass method of hooking up. She groaned in the dark, the fact he'd pointed out about her own privacy implying she could abuse it with a boy she didn't really care about, enough to make her heart ache. How he'd looked at her as he blushed under the lamplight was enough to haunt her dreams. She knew she wasn't thinking clearly. After tossing and turning for some time, she figured the best thing to do would be to do as Scorpius had suggested and speak to Albus about it all. He was her cousin after all. Surely he'd be able to explain it all with a little more clarity. She then had to remind herself that him and Scorpius had been doing this under her nose for two years now, so would Albus really tell her the truth? Family or not? As Head Girl it was the right thing to do. Or so she told herself. Finally, as the birds began to stir outside, sleep claimed her. Bit more thorough spell check / tense check this time. Please R/R if you have the time. Reviews are like gold dust. **Mischief managed**