the room, most noticeably from Alice, who was staring at her son, eyes filled with tears. The others were staring at Harry in awe after admitting to defeating the Dark Lord. "Oy! I thought you said You-Know-Who was hit by his own killing curse when you were one, but now you're saying he only was defeated a few months ago?" Someone shouted. "Voldemort was hit by his own killing curse in 1981 and it destroyed his body, but he did not die. He remained as a shade for several years. He regained his body through use of a ritual in 1994, beginning the second war." "That's bloody ridiculous! I don't believe any of this. Traveling from different worlds! Surviving the killing curse! Creating new bodies with rituals! Tell me boy, how did You-Who-Survive without a bo-" "Thats enough!" Dumbledore jumped in quickly. "Kingsley, give him the antidote." A single drop on his tongue from another bottle had Harry's mind beginning to clear immediately. "Merlin! That was uncomfortable." Taking a minute to regain his bearings, Harry immediately picked up on where Dumbledore had cut off the questioning. He must already know about the horcruxes and didn't want that getting out. "I hope you're all satisfied we are who we said we are?" That's when when Harry heard the voice. The voice he'd only heard when Dementors were near, begging for his life, "Harry?" She sounded tentative, voice wavering slightly. He spun around, meeting her emerald gaze for the second time that night. He didn't know what to do. He'd dreamt about meeting his parents for as long as he could remember, but now that his living, breathing mother stood in front of him, he froze. "Is that really you Harry?" Her eyes were tearing up. He was pretty sure his were as well, not that he'd ever admit it, "It's me… mum." The word felt strange on his tongue, but wonderful all the same. Before he knew it, he was wrapped in a hug. The first hug he ever remembered receiving from his mum. It felt amazing. Suddenly, she was sobbing into his shoulder. Not knowing what else to do, he just continued to hold her, relishing in the feeling. It was around this time that he finally saw his father again. He looked vulnerable, like something was paining him. As soon as they locked eyes, a peculiar look passed into his eyes. Some kind of resolve. He broke eye contact and turned away. Harry felt like he'd been kicked in the gut. His father didn't want him. His mother must have noticed him stiffen because she suddenly pulled away, looking at him closely, and worriedly following his gaze to James' back. "It's ok. We'll all talk a bit more soon. There's probably more to talk about in the meeting." She ran her hand through his hair once, before taking his hand again and giving it a squeeze. She looked reluctant to let go of him, but she did so and walked back over towards her husband. Turning back around, he saw Neville having a similar reunion yet with both his parents. Fleur was still standing in the same place staring off to one corner of the room. Following her look he saw that her eyes were locked with Bill Weasley who was staring back just as intently. Harry felt a twinge of jealousy erupted at this sight, but he ruthlessly beat the feeling down. He knew Fleur didn't have romantic feelings for him, but had always struggled with her sense of guilt for his death. It was probably strange for her to see him alive after all these years. It was the same for him, as almost everyone here was dead in their world. "If I may, Mr Potter. I was curious if your ability to use this ritual had anything to do with the… let's say… three, interesting objects you're carrying on your person." Harry watched Dumbledore carefully for a minute, knowing full well he was referring to the hallows, before giving him a quick nod. "I see. Well, it seems you succeeded where I had failed in my youth. I do not envy the burden you must carry on your shoulders." Looking around again, Harry realized he still did not see his godfather anywhere, and decided to voice his question, "So where's Sirius?" The room fell deathly quiet faster than Dumbledore's earlier use of magic. As no one stepped forward to say something, Harry got his answer, "Oh… I see." "Mr. Potter, there was an attack on your house in Godric's Hollow on October 31, 1981 here as well. The difference being that your parents were out for the evening, leaving you in your godfathers care. Both this world's version of you and Sirius were killed when Voldemort attacked." Harry lowered his gaze to the floor, but pushed down on the disappointment of not seeing his godfather again, "Ok. I'm assuming Voldemort is still alive here then if this is an Order meeting?" "Yes unfortunately so." "How are you guys using the house then if Sirius is… gone." "He willed it to the Order for our use, but we did have to evacuate a few years ago when Draco Malfoy came of age to accept the Black Lordship. We knew he would be able to take the house back despite what the will said then. Strangely, he has been unable to take it. The family ring keeps on refusing him, so we moved back in here." Harry snorted, "I know why that is. The whole family motto is Toujours Pure. Most of the family spoke about it as if it referenced blood purity, but I know the ring considers the person 'impure' if they are branded with the Dark Mark. It's Voldemort's own fault that he couldn't get his hands on the Black money." "But he was 15 at the time! He wouldn't have had the dark mark at that point!" A/N: Never continued on passed this point.