her eyes. With not another sound, the baby was fast asleep, bringing Minerva to another problem. It – she – needed somewhere to rest. "Winky?" Within a second, a small house elf was stood before her, decked out in one of Hogwarts' finest tea towels. "Yes Mistress?" "Could I have a cot please, and, yes a cup of tea too, if you would." She could see Winky trying not to stare at the baby, and although she knew that the little elf had cared for children before, she wanted to be the one to do it, wanted to be the one this child relied on, so she kept the baby in her arms as Winky snapped her fingers, producing a beautiful dark-wood cot, complete with a magical mobile that Minerva couldn't help but smile at. "Thank you Winky," she said kindly as the house elf placed her tea on the side table. "I will call you if I need anything else." "Yes Mistress," Winky said, stealing one more glance at the baby before popping out of the room. "Now," Minerva whispered to the sleeping baby. "To bed with us." Minerva placed the child in the cot, shifting it closer to the bed and soothing the little baby with her hand on its belly. "There, child. Sleep well." She didn't even take a sip of her tea before her eyes closed and she fell into slumber herself, not hearing the pop as the small house elf arrived back in the room, peering intently into the cot while she slept. -0- Winky had been looking after children her whole life. She had cared for Master Barty and many others before that, and she was interested to take a closer look at the baby in front of her. Her big eyes widened even more as she realised what she was looking at, and she bounced anxiously on the spot trying to figure out what to do next. She popped into her Mistress' office and stood before the painting of Great Wizard Dumblydore, knees shaking, even though she knew he was now a portrait. "Ah, Winky, what can I do for you?" Winky squeaked and pulled on her ears, not knowing whether to divulge the information she had just gathered, or simply go back to the kitchens and get on with her duties. "Beggin' your pardon, Master Dumblydore, but, the baby that be's with Mistress?" She waited a moment as the Professor nodded slowly. "It's not a real baby." The portraits erupted into a cacophony of noise as they all shouted questions to the house elf. "WHEN YOU ARE ALL QUITE FINISHED!" Severus said, his most irate voice cutting through the din. "Thank you, Severus," Albus said quietly, turning back to the little creature, now cowering on the floor. "Winky? Winky, it's okay, I need you to tell me what you mean. How can it not be a real baby?" "I's sorry Professor Dumblydore, it is a baby, I's meaning its human, but it's not only just being born." "Do you understand any of this, Albus?" the snarly Potions Master asked, glaring at Winky, who could not stop trembling. "Enough," Albus said, halting the portraits from talking before they could start again. "What do you mean? Are you saying it's older than it looks or –?" Winky sighed despite her fear, for such a great wizard he wasn't very bright. "I is saying that the baby is old, and only looks like a baby." "Oh dear," Professor Dumbledore said quietly. "Albus, I don't understand, and that is odd, considering my intellectual prowess." "Severus, I believe what Winky is trying to say is that the baby Minerva has in there is not a baby at all, but is an adult, or an older child, only in the form of a baby. Is that correct, Winky?" "Yes, Master Dumblydore." "Dear Merlin," The former Potions professor cursed quietly. "Do you know who it is?" Winky shook her head sadly. "I cans tell it's someone I have met before, but I don't be knowing them well enough to tell who." The room was deathly silent as every set of eyes, both painted and real, watched the former Headmaster process the information and provide them with a solution. "We," he paused, frowning as he contemplated his words. "We will not tell Minerva." The room erupted once more as the portraits demanded to know why, or argued for the Headmistress. "Albus, you can't be serious?" "What on earth are you talking about man, when she finds out she will most likely torch your portrait!" "Good show, let her have her moment," one portrait replied in the dying stages of the arguments around the room. "Winky, I forbid you to tell Minerva McGonagall of what you know." Winky tugged on her ears as she nodded. "I understands, Master." "Good, now, off you go," he said kindly, smiling as she popped back to wherever it was that house elves went at night. "Albus, what are you doing?" Severus asked when Winky had disappeared. "You are playing with lives again, and I'm not sure I can allow you to do that to Minerva." "Why Severus, you must be careful, you are becoming soft in your death." "Albus, I –" "Relax Severus, I know that you are only trying to care for her, as am I. Tomorrow, Minerva will no doubt take a head count and work out who is missing from the castle, and then we will know who it is, and the child will be returned to their parents. Just," Albus sighed once more, "just let her enjoy this, Severus. She has had precious little happiness in the last few years." "Fine," Severus huffed, "but should I find that it is hurting her in any way I will tell her, you cannot order me not to." "Fair enough my boy, fair enough." The room was finally quiet as the portraits dozed, eager to see what was going to happen in the morning.