can always talk to me, and I will never, never leave you." "Thank you, Harry," she said, her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. They stood like that, arms gripping each other in silence. Their peace in the dimly lit kitchens lasted for a few minutes until Harry felt a slight tugging on his pant legs. He looked down to see a rather young looking house-elf holding a part of his pants between its elongated fingers. "Mopsie is sorry to be ruining your moment, Mister Potter. Do you and Miss Parkinson still want to eat?" it said, and Harry looked up to see the other house-elves looking on with wary faces, some of the older ones with knowing smiles. Almost in response, Pansy's stomach growled, and Harry laughed at the sound. "I think that's a yes," he said in between chuckles and was poked hard in the stomach by Pansy for it. "Watch it, Potter," she warned. He chuckled and kissed her forehead once more before sitting them down next to each other. They enjoyed their meal in silence, too hungry to think about anything else, with Harry's arm wrapped around Pansy's shoulders. The meal was delicious, like all the other food made by the house-elves. When they had finished, Pansy looked up at him and smiled impishly. "Harry, you have sauce on your lip," she said and held down his arm before he could raise it. "Don't worry. I've got it." She raised herself up in her seat, grabbed his tie, and placed her lips on the corner of his mouth. Her tongue moved tortuously slow over his lip, licking the sauce, and running her tongue over his lips definitely longer than what was necessary. "Tasty," she whispered seductively, making Harry's skin shiver in goosebumps in the warm air of the kitchen. "Very," Harry replied, leaning down and catching her lips with his. Before their kiss could get more heated, Harry and Pansy were shooed out of the kitchens by the house-elves. Outside the kitchens, they leaned against each other and laughed with blushing faces. Harry reveled at the spark in Pansy's beautiful grey eyes and her dulcet laughter. After a minute of just laughing, Harry placed his hands on her waist, and she had her hands on his shoulders. "Would you like me to escort you to your common room?" Harry asked hoping she would say yes. Pansy nodded eagerly with a bright smile on her face, kissed his cheek, and hugged his right arm. As she rested her head on his shoulder, Harry walked off to the dungeons. He reveled in the smell and feel of her vanilla-scented ebony hair. Halfway through their walk, Harry was almost sure she fell into a tired stupor as he guided her to the Slytherin dungeon. As he came closer to the dungeons, Pansy came back to her senses. When she saw the blank, stone wall ahead of them, Pansy gave him a suspicious look, her elegant eyebrow raised. "Harry, this is exactly where the entrance is. Is there something you want to tell me?" Harry only gave an awkward laugh and rubbed the back of his neck in response. Pansy smiled, raised herself onto her tiptoes, and kissed his forehead. "It's okay, you don't have to tell me but you will later," she said looking into his eyes. Harry chuckled and brought his lips down to hers, placing his hands on her waist and losing himself in her taste without her tears for the first time. He swore the feeling was better than flying a broom for the first time. With a groan, Pansy grabbed his hands and moved them to her bum. Pansy wrapped her arms around his neck, her fingers twisting in his hair. She separated from his lips, shocked. "Harry?" "Yeah?" he said, already missing her full lips against his. "Your invisibility cloak! We're not wearing it!" "And?" he asked, kissing her face and neck. "And someone could have seen us!" Pansy exclaimed. "Is that a bad thing?" he asked, taking his lips off her cheek and looking into her eyes. Pansy bit her lower lip and searched his emerald eyes. "Well, no-" "Then you shouldn't care, Pansy. I want to see where this takes us if you'll let me." "Yes, Harry," her voice shaking in complete happiness. Pansy grabbed the back of Harry's head and pulled him in for a deep kiss. He was sure his knees were going to fall out from under him and backed against the wall. The kiss continued for what Harry felt like an hour, and this time it probably was. Eventually, Harry got tired and separated his lips from Pansy's with a light pop. He set her down on her feet and laid his forehead on hers. "If I kiss you one more time today, I don't think I'll be able to stop," Pansy said. Harry chuckled and kissed her cheek. "Then I guess I'll see you tomorrow." "I guess so. Goodnight, Harry." "Goodnight, Pansy," Hary said, and as she was about to turn to the Slytherin common room, he lightly grabbed her wrist. "Wait. Would you like to go on the next Hogsmeade trip with me?" Pansy gave him a brilliant smile. "I'd love to." With his own smile, Harry turned and began to walk back to Gryffindor tower. As he walked, he wondered how the rest of the castle would react if he came into the Great Hall the next day with Pansy on his arm. Little did he know, Pansy was thinking the same thing as she prepared for bed. Well, after 4 days of grueling work and revisions on this, I am finally done. I'm not sure if I want to add more chapters to this or keep it as a one-shot, so I'll leave that decision for you (if I get enough reviews, that is). Just kidding! I hate it when people do that. I'm not obsessed with reviews; I just like to read them.