'What do we have here?' 'Weasley here was trying to sock me the Muggle way,' Malfoy immediately whined. 'I didn't even do anything though. I mean, I can't help if if I'm rich and popular and he's not.' 'Ten points from Gryffindor,' Snape said immediately, not even looking towards the two other boys to verify the story. 'And don't let me catch you trying to brawl again, or it'll be detention for the both of you.' Harry clenched his jaw in indignation, but said nothing. If Snape had been a Dark creature, then Harry would have been allowed to cast as many spells as he wanted. Unfortunately, he wasn't on one of James and Sirius's trips, and there were rules in place against attacking teachers. Malfoy smirked at him behind Snape's back, flashing his badge back to "Support Cedric Diggory" before flouncing off to try to ingratiate himself with the seventh year Hufflepuff. Later in the evening, Cedric sought out Harry as he was coming from the men's room. The older boy stared him in the eye for a few seconds, before he suddenly nodded. 'On Wednesdays, we go to the Prefect's bathroom,' he whispered, as if imparting Harry with some great secret. 'Password's pine fresh .' Without further ado, the Hufflepuff straightened his robes and sauntered off. Harry stared at him cluelessly for a moment, before he realised that it was probably some kind of joke. Merlin, how I hate the both of them, Harry thought. Ron's right, I do need to win this. With whatever it takes. It turned out that "whatever it takes" wasn't enough. Harry had managed to get Cedric to replace his broom polish with grease after saying his father swore by it, causing Victor Krum to scoff at the Hufflepuff when they went flying together. He had staged run-in encounters with Cho to try to win her over. He had convinced Fred and George - the resident pranksters - to feed Cedric Ton-Tongue Toffees every time the Head Boy had an interview with Rita Skeeter. But nothing worked. Despite their efforts, Cedric still remained the most popular boy in Hogwarts. At least Hermione had trumped Draco Malfoy in every class, proving that Muggleborns were just as good as purebloods. That was one victory the Gryffindors had been able to celebrate. Now, Harry was in the final stretch of the third task - a maze filled with Dark creatures - and he was loving the sheer simplicity of it. Identify the problem, point wand, speak spell. Now this is something I have missed, Harry thought. He rounded another corner only to be met with the sight of glinting gold. There it was. The Triwizard Cup. Five short steps and the winnings would be his. Harry grinned and walked forwards. A large, hairy, eight-legged monster dropped down into his path, dropping a struggling white sack on the floor. Harry gasped as he realised that the sack was none other than Cedric Diggory, struggling to break free of the spider web. There was no time to dwell further, however, because at that moment a set of pincers as large as his forearm descended upon Harry, forcing him to the ground and sending his wand clattering to the side. He cried out, struggling and kicking, until he somehow managed to roll out from under the beast's enormous belly to his wand. ' Stupefy!' he cried, pointing the wand at the beast's belly. The spider stumbled back, dazed but definitely not unconscious. Too late, Harry remembered that two wizards were needed to stun an Acromantula, due to their thick hide. Quickly, he dodged the spider's legs and pointed his wand towards Cedric. ' Diffindo! ' With the webbing cut, the Hufflepuff was quickly able to free himself and his wand and join Harry as he faced the angry monster. 'On the count of three,' Cedric said, immediately understanding what to do. 'One…' 'Two… 'Three!' they shouted together. ' Stupefy!' They jumped back as the Acromantula's legs gave out and it fell heavily to the ground. Grinning at each other, the two Hogwarts champions started to the Cup. Once they reached the podium, however, they hesitated, both feeling uneasy. 'Together?' Harry asked, wanting some sort of truce. After all, they had just saved each other's' lives. 'Together,' Cedric confirmed. Maybe he's not so bad after all, Harry thought to himself, grabbing ahold of the Cup and letting it whisk him away into the void. Harry was met with the sound of cheers and trumpets as he reappeared in the former Quidditch pitch. He grinned at the crowd, trying to spot Ron and Hermione in the fray. But soon the crowds turned to screams from those in the front row. Harry frowned. Isn't that a bit too dramatic? 'He's killed 'im! Harry Potter's killed Cedric Diggory!' someone shouted. No I haven't, you idiot, Harry thought, looking around. Why hasn't Cedric said anything? Then he saw him. Lying prone on the floor, Cedric was staring milky-eyed at the sky above him. His robes had fallen open, revealing two large pincer-holes that had slashed through his clothes. Harry drew back in horror. No! Merlin, please don't let him be… 'He's not dead!' Dumbledore called, rushing to tend the wounded Hufflepuff. 'Simply poisoned. Acromantula venom, by the looks of it. Hagrid, would you mind taking a look…?' In the end, Harry ended up giving a third of his winnings to Cedric, a third of his winnings to Fred and George, and split the rest evenly between Ron and Hermione. He didn't feel like he needed the money anymore. Hell, he had never needed it. He hadn't even needed the win. He had had the best friends one could hope for right from the start, and Cedric hadn't deserved everything Harry had done to him, simply because he was jealous of the older boy's relationship with Cho Chang. There were plenty of other girls out there. But something told him that his friends were irreplaceable.