shuddering sob. "I just…after eighteen years of marriage I would have expected a Christmas present." Katie turned to glare at Dad. Dad looked uncomfortable and tried to shift away from his sister's threatening gaze. "I just didn't know what you'd like, Pansy," Dad said with a large, desperate, false grin. "I'll get you something tomorrow, yeah? We can go together." "So...you just couldn't find anything? That's it?" "Yeah. Just…couldn't find anything." "You didn't see anything I might like?" "Exactly." Mum stood up, quivering and furious. "I saw the bracelet, Andrew." Dad's smile faltered, but he made a valiant attempt to look confused. "Bracelet? What bracelet?" "The diamond and fairy gold bracelet in your bedside table ." Mum's voice was icy. Dad didn't say anything. He didn't look confused anymore. "It's funny , really, hearing that you couldn't find anything I'd like...that you didn't know what I'd want. I've always liked diamonds. I adore fairy gold. I would have loved a bracelet like the one you bought and hid away in your bedside table." Dad still didn't reply. He'd turned a horrible shade of beetroot. "So tell me, Andrew...if you haven't given the bracelet to me , and you haven't given it to Olivia, who have you given it to?" Silence. Again. "Oh, Andrew," Katie finally breathed, looking at Dad with disappointment. "I…erm…I was going to tell you," Dad stammered, gaze desperately shifting between his sobbing wife and his terrifying older sister. "Tell me what , exactly?" Mum glared at him, and for the first time I could remember her voice was totally clear and free from any nervousness. "I just…she's…gods, Pansy, this is hard for me." "Hard…for you ?" Mum looked at him. And looked at him. And looked at him. And then she broke. She sat back down, gasping for breaths through her sobs and shaking her head again and again. Oliver awkwardly put an arm around her and looked horrified. "Come on, Pansy. Don't do this," Dad said. "It's not like you and I are in love. " "Andrew!" Katie looked shocked. "Well, we're not. We were so young when we got together. And everyone was confused after the war. She's been in love with another man since before I even met her. Oh, don't give me that look. We've all heard the way you talk about Malfoy." "Shut up," I said, not turning away from Mum's shaking body. "Oh, don't you start on me as well." "I said shut up. Stop talking. Right now." Jason put down the gloves he was still holding and squeezed my hand. I didn't pull away. "Olivia, I know you're upset," Kate said. "NO. I'm not upset. I'm…I'm angry . Just...stop it. All of you. Stop dragging me into all your bullshit ." I stood up as well. "Olivia…" "I've had enough. I can't be bothered to do this right now." I turned around, feeling very melodramatic, and marched out of the room. Somebody was following me but I didn't turn around. It was probably Jason trying to be friends now that I was some kind of damsel in distress and needed a hero. Classic Gryffindor. "Olivia, wait!" Katie's voice made me pause. I looked back at her without saying anything, waiting for her to try to tell me it was all going to be okay. I didn't know why she tried. I didn't need her help. I wasn't upset. I was actually surprisingly okay. I just wanted to get out of the madhouse. "Olivia…I know you don't think of us, of me, as your family, but I promise that's how we see you," Katie began. I laughed quietly. Jason categorically does not see me as family, and I'm pretty sure Oliver forgets who I am the moment I leave the house, despite my drunken father's spontaneous decision to name me after him. "Look," Katie continued. "I know you might not want to hear this right now, but I just want you to know that we do love you. However you're feeling, and however much you think you don't need us or don't want us, there will always be a place for you here if you need it. Don't hesitate to ask if you need my help, or to come and stay if things get hard at home. I promise you're always welcome." I looked at her. She looked angelic, with her tiny figure and large eyes, and I couldn't quite bring myself to reject her offer of kindness. Instead, I nodded sharply, opened the front door and left the house. I knew exactly where I needed to go. Christmas is always the same after all. Granted, this year was a variation on the theme. Mum actually had a good reason to cry and even Aunt Katie couldn't pretend nothing was going wrong, but to all intents and purposes it was pretty similar. I flicked my wand at the battered door of the broomshed and watched the lock click open. Technically I'm not of age yet, but the madhouse is a magical household and nobody was going to find out. I took the first broom I set my hands on, not really caring who it belonged to, and mounted it, rising slowly into the sky. The broom shook a little. It was one of their old spares, which was probably for the best. Oliver and Jason would have killed me if I took one of their racing brooms and I'm too young to die at the hands of angry Quidditch-obsessed family members. I turned the broom south, towards London, towards Scorpius and Cassie. Cassie would find this whole saga funny and Scorpius would give me a drink and tell me to forget all about it. The wind blew my hair back and the cold froze my fingers to the broom, and my smile grew bigger and bigger as I sailed through the sky, away from the madhouse and towards the only two people in the world that really felt like my family.