to be your girlfriend. I'd try for more than that, but boys don't really understand the intricacies. No, I don't need to see how comfortable we are going on Hogsmeade weekends. I already want you beside me. What I want is to be best friends with the boy I love, and his romantic partner as well if he'll have me." "You're brilliant you know that?" "Yeah. So you'll let me in to your personal life and take control of it so I can give you orders and make you do things you don't want to?" "Yeah, no." Now they were both alight with evil smiles and there was nothing that could turn them away from one another. "I don't do things I don't want to for you. I already want to do what you tell me. Its been five years nearly, I'd think I'm pretty well trained by this point eh?" "I can't even smack you upside the head like you deserve." "Nope, especially since I can't really run or see it coming at this point anyway. Sounds about fair." "Dolt." "Yes, but I'm your dolt. And you know exactly how to spell it because I'll be holding the dictionary up for you to read because someone somewhere told me you like reading or something." "I hate you." "Good, pretty sure that's love then right?" Hermione sighed, rolling her eyes. Yes, this boy was perfect. For her at least. "Love is hate, hate is love. Its all the same anyway. Now kiss me again so I stop wanting to smack you." He obliged her happily. And when Madam Pomfrey returned a quarter of an hour later, they were sitting together with stupid grins on their faces. "Good then, now I hope you have figured yourselves out so I can check on my patient?" Harry smiled and turned to face her, missing the horrorstruck look on her face. "Yeah, thanks Ma'am. She's all your's." "Mr. Potter, you did, swallow, that second potion I gave you right?" He frowned at her obviously concerned tone and Hermione's heart began to descend from the high it had been on. "Yes of course. What's wrong?" "Let me check first." Her wand was a whirl, but her movements were more anxious than Hermione had ever seen them. When finally she stopped, the matron dropped her wand and stepped back. "I'm, Merlin, I'm so sorry Mr. Potter. I…" He stood up and stepped toward the woman, extending a hand toward the ground until he found the fallen wand. He held it out blindly before him, face turning to the sound of the woman's gasps. "Here. Please, its alright, just tell me what happened." He found the woman and pressed her wand back in to her hands before returning to Hermione's side, one hand holding her's and the other stroking her cheek and hair. "I'm, I'm so sorry. That potion normally only lasts two minutes at most. Its used to adjust the pupil size of patients who have had minor eye damage. I've never seen. Its not supposed to last you see. I just, I just wanted to help." "Harry was frowning but he still spoke kindly. "Honestly, its alright. You did help. Now, is there anything we can do about it?" The poor woman shook her head, her own tears falling, Hermione's hope for the future with them. "There isn't. I'm sorry. Vision is the one thing we have trouble fixing. Haven't you noticed how wizards and witches use glasses and monacles? The eyes are so delicat we don't have any solutions for them. They seem to be the one thing magic can't just fix. But this still shouldn't have happened. Minor eye damage like from bright light, that's what that potion was for. This though. Its not supposed to last, and once the magic from the potion fades, which it has, there's nothing I can do. Merlin, I'm so sorry. I've broken my oath. I've blinded a student. I've blinded Harry Po…" He raised a hand and spoke loud enough to stop her, his other hand halting its motion to cup her cheek. She turned in to his hand, gently kissing the side of his thumb as he spoke. "Stop! Yes, you messed up, but you know what, you had an honest motive. I don't think I'm dead or in pain or anything so as far as I'm concerned, you did nothing wrong okay? And yeah, it's a lot and I'll have things to learn, especially how to make blind jokes at Tommy, but really?" He turned to face Hermione, the smile returning to his lips. "I have everything I ever need to see, right here." Harry's hand caressed her cheek and she stared at him, madam Pomfrey falling silent as she too watched him. He was possibly blind for life, with Voldemort after him, and all he cared about was… "Yes, you Hermione. You are all I need to see. You are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen, and as long as I can touch your face, and your hair, and your hands, well, that's enough for me. Just, remind me I said that when I'm upset later okay?" Hermione noticed that her mouth was open when he tapped a finger across her open lips with a smile. "So," she managed, "You'll want to do everything I tell you?" He roared with laughter that should have been impossible. Through it she barely hear the older woman stomping off with the words, "Lovestruck puppy," muttered between her teeth. She most certainly would be happy to remind him that he had said that, how could she forget? **GITLOH** A/N: Thank you for reading and I hope you enjoyed the first chapter. I honestly tried writing the second half from Harry's perspective, but my brain locked up when I created the separator. I think this scene just needed to be expressed by her alone. Please review and I will see you soon in the next chapter. Elise