had to make it himself. It was incredible how wonderful food could be when you weren't press-ganged in to making it. The kids had insisted on sitting on either side of him, so naturally he spent the meal answering questions while struggling to get bites of food in between answers. Eventually though when Sarah asked him why his clothes looked so big on him, his mood darkened and he found he wasn't sure how to answer. The adults from across the table had picked up on it and were hesitating with their own meals. He could almost see Steven deciding whether or not to change the subject or wait for the answer he clearly wanted. He wasn't sure what to say, but the longer he waited the more it wouild be obvious that he was lying. "Well," he said, "I always like buying my own things, so since I don't really have much time to work, I get my clothes at second hand shops. I don't mind really since I was at least able to get it for myself." While Martin and Sarah bought it, he saw Steven give his wife a look that said he knew that a massive lie had been dropped. And he was concerned about it. Not angry. Uh oh. Damn children and their strangely powerful observational skills. "So," he started slowly, hoping to redirect their thoughts. "You own a club, is that right?" The man gave him a look that meant something along the lines of, we'll talk about this later, before wiping it clean and answering with a smile. Creepy. "Yes, and in fact, there is a dinner tomorrow night in honour of your aunt and uncle's joining. I am sorry to say you were not mentioned at the time," a frown indicating that it was just another thing he was adding to the list, "so you weren't added to the list." "Its alright, I don't usually go to events anyway." Damnit, wrong thing to say again. He should just keep his mouth shut. "Well, my thought had initially been to invite you as a thank you for locating Martin and Sara…" "And Timmy!" "Yes Sarah, and Timmy, but please don't interrupt okay?" She sank a little in her chair and apologized. "Its alright sweety, just try and remember next time alright? Anyway, I wanted to invite you to the dinner tomorrow. What do you say?" "Uh well," he stumbled over his words. "I, thank you, but I'd have to check first and I don't really have a suit or anything. Thanks for the offer but…" Steven raised his hand to forestall Harry's decline of the offer. "A suit can be managed, and I am sure you would be welcome to join your family. Why you could even come with us if you like. We have some family joining us there as well." "Yay! He could meet auntie Read! Then we'll really know if he's the hero." Steven frowned at his son and Martin looked horrified at his outburst. "Sorry daddy." Tracy rolled her eyes. "Anyway, if you don't have a suit, I can take you shopping tomorrow Harry. We would be very pleased to have you." Could he really say no? The trouble would be surviving long enough through the night to bet back in the Jacobs' protection, then living longer after the dinner. No, even Hermione wouldn't be needed to calculate how long he had left. "Alright then, thank you. I'll go. Uh, I don't have much money for a suit on me, so I'd need to go in to London to get to the bank first." Tracy waved him off. "Consider this one on us. We can rent it for the night and worry about the money another time. Honestly, it's the least we can do. Parental guilt and all." As much as he didn't like charity, he was pretty sure he didn't have a choice. But, if he did survive, this could be a good opportunity for him somehow. Maybe he could get a job babysitting or something. That would keep him away from the Dursleys' at least and these two kids seemed nice enough. He held up his hands in surrender. "Alright, alright. I'll let you rent me a suit and invite me to your super nice dinner. Can I at least watch these two during the festivities for you?" They laughed and nodded. "We would hate to force it on you of course, but if it will make you feel better, then yes you may be our designated child watcher for the evening. Sarah, Martin, that means you have to stay with Harry all night tomorrow. Behave, make him dance, eat all his food, and introduce him to your auntie. She's really more of a cousin, but you know how kids are. Auntie Read is much more than cousin Bookish." That earned Steven a poke from his wife. "Hey, be nice to her, she's brilliant, and my niece, so watch it Mr." He smiled at their antics as the kids began telling him all the things they would do together. It felt nice to see them all opening up even though they'd just met him. They seemed like a nice family. Maybe this was what his mum and dad would have been like eventually. Would they have had a dog, another sibling? What would their house have been like? He often thought about his parents but rarely tried to imagine what it would have been like. He mostly considered it a waste of emotion, but sometimes it fit, and in this case it didn't make him sad. Perhaps the next few days would be nice after all? **SN** A/N: Thank you for reading. I decided to work on this during dry spells of writing my primary story. The next segment for Summer Nights is mapped but not written though it shouldn't be long. Please leave a review and I will see you soon in the next chunk. Elise