Gryffindor's everyone's darling ever since that moment Voldemort fell. I suppose you'd know, in your family. Gryffindors everywhere. They can be a bit overbearing with their chest-thumping, can't they?" She suppresses a laugh. "Are you a librarian or a historian or something?" "Oh, I know my history. Not so much my library science," the man says. He passes her the silver-and-green book with a gentle hand. "Rumor has it from one Neville Longbottom that you take after your aunt more than your mother and father, so much so that he wagers you and a certain Hugo Weasley were switched at birth. If that's the case, I know what kind of curiosity Miss Granger has. Try this book if you want more than just Gryffindor's view of things." "You know Professor Longbottom?" Lily asks, looking over the book. The World Unseen: Salazar Slytherin's Last Curse , reads the title in glittering green. The man nods. "I've spoken to him. He's an interesting man, so noble and yet out of the spotlight your father has commanded all these years. One day, dare I say soon, he'll not be just Professor Longbottom of Herbology, but Headmaster Longbottom, Protector of Hogwarts." He waves his hand towards the book she's opened. "A little history. Salazar Slytherin, Rowena Ravenclaw, and other things beyond the normal histories you'll read about from droll Professor Binns, I'd wager." "I don't know many Slytherins," Lily says, leafing through the first few pages. "There's a Slytherin boy my cousin Rose hates. Scorpius Malfoy." "Malfoy is a hated name in these times. Your Scorpius has his grandfather and father to thank for that. But I don't think being a Slytherin is the cause of that. Indeed, I don't think Salazar himself would be proud of the deeds Lucius Malfoy got up to, let alone the horrors brought about by Voldemort. Not at all. I doubt he knew of the faraway consequences of his actions taken so long ago." "Hmm?" Lily looks up after a minute of silence. The man is nowhere to be found, not in front of her, not beside her, not in the aisle. He has disappeared, here one moment, gone the next. She purses her lips: Alone again without a word. The man had been well caught up on his history, less so on his social skills. She empathizes. The World Unseen smells old. Its vellum pages crinkle and crackle as Lily turns them, and illuminations wriggle and writhe over the parchment. On one page a slimy, indigo, crab-like beast trots around the parchment and lunges at a wand-wielding wizard draped in mail. On another, a man shrouded in black smoke materializes and dissipates before a witch's stunning spell. The original subject that led to Salazar Slytherin devising the Pact of Blood , reads the caption, and the individual that eluded Godric Gryffindor's watchmen for years while terrorizing Exeter. His capture is theorized as the cause behind the construction of Slytherin's first Chamber of Secrets, deep below – Tales of Godric Gryffindor and Salazar Slytherin working together fighting monsters? Fun, and it would drive Rose mad, but it isn't Lily's taste. She's nearly forgotten about the book and the historian who knows Professor Longbottom by the time Hermione comes back around. "I see you got caught up," Hermione says. "What's this?" Lily looks towards where she left The World Unseen . The book's gone, emptiness in its place, bare wooden floor. Her breath catches in her throat and she swallows her confusion. "Gryffindor's history?" Hermione says, pawing through The Second Act of Godric Gryffindor . "Hm." She's quiet, contemplative, her eyes downcast before she glances at her niece. "It was a funny thing, really. The Sorting Hat almost didn't put me in Gryffindor. It almost sent me to Ravenclaw instead, like it did you. It's not exactly a scientific process, sorting." Lily hears, but she's not listening. The book's disappearance vexes her. Something glows down the aisle, growing brighter. Hermione turns and frowns as a blue-and-white stag bounds past the corner of the aisle, dashing towards her at a full gait before slowing to a trot, then a canter before skidding to a stop before them. Lily knows it at once: Her father's Patronus. She has seen it once before. Four years ago, more than a year before she began her Hogwarts career, this very stag dashed up to her family's home in Ottery St. Catchpole. Being October with both Al and James at school, she and her mother had been the only ones to receive her father's warning to escape home. Antonin Dolohov, the Patronus had said then. The last Death Eater at large, and he's been spotted around the local area. Get out. Lily's father, along with her Uncle Ron, Dean Thomas, fellow Auror Michael Corner, and several others had subdued Dolohov later that night, but Lily hadn't stopped crying for days. Her breath catches as the Patronus speaks again: "Stay where you are. Something's going on up here on the ground floor. Keep Lily safe." Hermione draws her wand, her jaw set. Lily hears murmurs throughout the library as the ceiling shakes, a rumble echoing through the stacks as if the earth deep below quakes. A minute passes. Two. Lily's stomach churns. Ash. Lily smells smoke, a faint smell, not from a fire burning now, but as from the remnants of a fire that burnt out, reduced to embers long ago. Another minute passes with Hermione's free hand clutching Lily's forearm, guarding her niece behind her, her wand drawn as if ready to defend against Voldemort reborn, if need be. Finally one of the paper planes Lily had seen earlier in the Ministry halls darts forward into Hermione's grasp. She opens the paper, frowning, and then her frown turns to a look of horror. Lily only sees a glimpse of the scrawled writing before Hermione crumples it in her hand, but what she makes out is enough. Smoke , she reads. Assassin . And Kingsley Shacklebolt.