magically appeared, he pointed something, "I thought it was a gun, but then a bright light appeared, knocking me out, and the thief- I think, before I realize it, I ended up waking up in here confused…" All of them took in her story slowly and the brunette stared at her, looking a bit unconvinced, "Did you see his face or anything…?" he asked slowly, taking it in. "Blonde or brunette... I think?" she answered, squishing her face in feigned confusion. They wrote it down, "Anything else?" "No, sir, but he did look quite tall." They looked a bit frustrated but slowly relented when they realized she held no information unless she is holding something back or lying in some way, "Do you mind if we went through your head to see?" The brunette questioned softly. Fear coursed through her heart as she realized find how dangerous these people could be, and began to force tears down her cheek, "Y-you don't believe me…?" In a panic, he quickly replied that he does and thanked her for her co-operation, quickly leaving with 4 men following his form and three women as well Her face darkened as she hoped they never returned and that she will never have to see them again. It was only after a few days that I was discharged, finding out that I wasn't just a muggle, but someone of muggle origin, as they would tell her, with already small tell tales of magic being revealed during my stay, which allowed me to be free to keep her memories of the world they introduced to me, learning small things as what muggles are and the cruel insult they had and what it means to be a mud-blood, to my surprise, I found out that it was 1937, a few years before world war 2 began, which left me a bit anxious, but hoping it doesn't arrive since I am from a different universe. I entered a small cave nearby in the forest, I slept there hungry and exhausted, I left the wizarding world because compared to the regular human world, it is difficult to steal from wizards compared to muggles, which I realize when I attempted to pick pocket a witch while she was gossiping with a few of her friends, luckily, I convinced her that it fell out of her pocket while I was passing by and picked it up to return it to her, which she grabbed out of my hand in distaste and hissed at me, "Do not touch me with your filthy hands or I will hex you, street rat. The few days became harder as it turned into weeks as I began to steal increasingly, sharpening the skills I gained over time. On my way, carrying a bag of money in my hands tightly, a peculiar boy caught my attention, his hair almost as dark as mine, but a hint of brown was the only difference it could bring, he was almost as pale as me as he wandered around the street to do what- which is unknown to me, curiously, I followed him, he looked as almost as underweight as me, but he held a certain health to himself despite the small show of neglect that seem to surround him, he held a certain aristocrat standing about him as he walked with pride, his hair neat from what I could see, compared to mine, which is untamed, long and unruly, filled with tangles from the constant neglect, a show of interest crossed my face, suddenly he stopped and his dark eyes met my own, his eyes were cold, ruthless and unforgiving, and before I realized it, I burst of admiration crawled inside me, and a slight upturn of my lips as I look onto him shrewdly, and walked away from him, feeling his eyes on my back before I disappear from his sight, turning, I left, heading back to the only place I call home now, only to see an owl perched on one of trees, its beady eyes staring intently onto me, before it flown towards me, dropping something into my hand before I could react. Without realizing it, the owl began to fly away from me, and in confusion, I unveil the string holding it together, opening the piece of parchment. HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WIZARDRY AND WITCHCRAFT Headmaster. Armando Dippet Dear Maliha, Jhene Mayfair, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts school of Wizardry and Witchcraft, please find the enclosed list of all necessary books and equipment, Term begins on September 1st. We await your owl no later than July 31st. Uniform: First year students will require: 1. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 2. Three sets of plain robes (black) One plain pointed hat(black) for day wear 3 . One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags Course Books: All students should have a copy of each of the following The standard book of spells (grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk The history of magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's guide to transfiguration by Emeric Switch One thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beast and Where to find them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble Other Equipment: 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard sized) 1 set of glass crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set of brass scales Students may also bring their own owl, cat or toad First year students are not allowed their own broomsticks. Staring at the parchment, rereading the words over and over, a feeling rushed through me as I comprehended the words in my head, a cynical smile. Slowly tickets dropped onto the ground, "platform 9 ¾…." I muttered, entering the cave as I considering how I will buy an owl with little money I held.