to see a psychiatrist: never 10) Do you currently have any children? If so, how many: no 11) Are you married: N/A 12) Pregnant: no 13) Have you left the country in the last month: no 14) Child you wish to see: a jane doe whose real name might be Alexandra. She has black hair, green eyes, and a lightning bolt shaped scar 15) What makes you qualified to foster this child: I do not wish to foster her 16) Did you graduate school when you were seventeen: N/A 17) Did you seek out further education after that: N/A These were all very strange replies. So secretive and unsure. Mrs. King says that they were lying, and were the ones who kidnapped me. I was probably in my uncle's custody and those other people helped to kidnap me. I bet he is my real uncle, not my pseudo uncle. Anyway, she showed them May, but not me. I must go sneak these papers back now. But I must look more into this "Hermione Granger" girl. She seemed to be the only normal one. Maybe she was kidnapped like me? I will try to get in touch with her. -Leona Stone June 27th, 1995 The girl who went missing case stalled! It has been a year sense Alexandra potter, the girl who lived, went missing. She was competing for the title of triwizard champion, when she went missing and was presumably kidnapped by you-know-who. The missing persons case that has kept the wizarding world on the edge of their seats for a year now, has been stalled. You know who was killed last night by Auror Shackelbolt (SP?) you know who himself was leading a raid at the ministry. The remaining Deatheaters fled, and are now being tracked down by the team that use to be searching for Alexandra. While many of her close friends protested, Dumbledore himself insisted that it was quote unquote for the greater good. Many wonder whose greater good. Rita skeeter, signing off. June 30th, 1995 Pettigrew found alive, black innocent! Earlier today, aurors found the headquarters of the Deatheaters. There, was peter Pettigrew who confessed to killing all of those muggles, so many years ago. Black was pardoned and yours exclusively was able to meet up with him for comment. "I am very happy that the wizarding world has seen the errors of their way and proclaimed me free. But nothing would make me happier then being able t share this freedom with my beloved goddaughter, Alexandra. She is my legal charge after all." Stated black. How heartwarming. I certainly hope for happily ever after, but nobody has seen her in a year, and spirits are low. Kings home for girls July 2nd Deer, jernal, It has ben a yeer sense i have last wrote. My righting skills have gotton werse. Looking back, it was august 5 when I last wrote. The night befour i ran. Yesterday the fuzz caught me. it was not pretty. i will try to give an correct tail of what happens hear. For this place isnt what it seems. It is a…a wuolf in sheeps skin. -leona stone October 30th, 1995 The girl who lived dead! Peter Pettigrew admitted to seeing you know who kill Alexandra potter under vertisium! Let us bow our heads in a moment of silence for our young hero. A small funeral will be held on an undisclosed date. It is invite only. But members of the public who are not invited, but wish to pay their respects, can leave their flowers on the Quidditch pitch. They will be left as tribute for a week, before being transferred to her grave. Her tomb shall be filled with tokens from her friends and family, but members of the public may have theirs left on top of the grave. With a heavy heart, Rita skeeter signing off. October 30th Kings home for girls Dear journal, My writing has improved in the past couple of months. I still sometimes speak improperly, quite often in fact. But on the streets, talking normally was mocked. You were considered a little girl. So I adopted an accent that I am shamed to say has not disappeared. On the bright side, I now have a son. Sorta. The babies that were left at kings, some had things wrong. Nobody wants them. they are impaired, or sick, or not considered "beautiful". Studies show that girls with big eyes, blue eyes, blonde hair, and expressive faces are most sought after. Boys with brown eyes, fair skin, blue eyes, blonde hair, long eyelashes, and brown hair are sought after. Babies she thinks nobody wants are not well taken care of, so many find them "sickly, weak, and unhealthy" looking. Of course nobody wonders why almost everyone at kings looks that way. Nope. The fuzz doesent care. Not as long as there is someone willing to take the "dangerous riffraff." Kings home for girls no longer seems like an appropriate name, for many of the babies are boys. But I know that they will most likely be kicked out before the age of nine. Mrs. King will make sure of it. She is a true monster. Life is a monster. It is horrible, unfair, and stupid. But I know I cant blame the world for my problems. It's not the worlds fault the Michela died. I only blame Mrs. And Mr. King. They refused to give her medical treatment. They simply locked her in the cellar so she couldn't contaminate anyone else. She died in five days. Anyway, I should probably go. But I needed to set the record straight about what happened today. About how Michela died. About how it took the teacher five weeks to call looking for her. About how we are all heading the same way. -Leona stone so I'm pretty sure that this is the only chapter that will be told like this, but I will include newspaper clips and journal entries sometimes.