from the same direction as she, and she must have completely missed him on the beach. "I don't know. I'm sorry! I just saw the place… and I couldn't resist having a look. It's gorgeous…" she trailed off, eyeing the large house once more. "It's yours?" He watched her skeptically, still unsure of her presence. "And if I say yes, you won't go running to the ministry to have it stripped away, will you?" he spat. "Of course not! Why on Earth would I ever… I'm not… I'm not here for that, if that's what you're thinking. I honestly had no idea you lived here. I didn't even know this place existed until I stumbled upon it." "It's been in my family for a very long time. It's the one thing I have left that the Ministry didn't destroy. Excuse me for assuming the worst." It was his turn to look at the building longingly, his last piece of the Malfoy name. "I'm sorry." "What for you, Granger? I know it's not your bloody fault. I don't need your pity." He threw her that famous Malfoy sneer, the one directed at her so many times before. "I don't." At his raised brow, she clarified. "I don't pity you. What I mean is, nothing after the war is okay. It's not fair, any of it. And you aren't the only one who lost." Draco laughed, the sound cruel in the still air. "As if you have. As if you have any idea what I've gone through." He shook his head, pushing past her and up the wooden stairs. "I don't, you're right. But we're more similar than you think." He froze, waiting for her to continue, curiosity besting his want to just go inside and pretend he'd never seen her. "We're both war orphans now." Draco stiffened at the words, partly surprised and partly angry that she dare to bring his up. "My parents aren't dead," he hissed. She spoke quietly, so soft he nearly missed the words. "Nor are mine, they just have no idea that I exist. Brightest witch of her age," she mocked. "Yet, I fucked up so completely that i'll never have them back. It wasn't even worth it." She finished in a whisper, her ears ringing. He turned then to look at her, found her studying the ground, worrying her shirt in her palms. He wasn't sure what compelled him to do so, but he moved back down the steps, scooped up her fallen bags and gestured with his head towards the stairs. "Come on." "You don't have to invite me in, Malfoy. I'll be fine. I'm on holiday, after all." "And so I am. Let's go." Hermione reluctantly followed him up the patio and in through the glass doors she'd tried and failed to examine. The mansion was even more gorgeous from the inside, though bare, she noted. It looked as if it hadn't been lived in in quite some time. "There's not much here, but i've got booze," he held up a bottle of what looked to be firewhisky, and she smiled because why not . oOoOoOo Draco studied the witch sitting on the couch across from him. Three glasses in, and she'd loosened up in a way he'd never seen her before, going into full detail on how she arrived in Thailand, of all destinations. He learned about the loss of her parents, their memories unable to be restored after she'd erased herself to protect them against the war. He learned that she wasn't happy with life, that she didn't know who she was. He could relate to that. Unfortunately, he also learned far more about the weasel than he ever needed to know. "And it's like, really Ronald… I'm not asking much. Just shower before you get into my clean sheets because you literally smell like a garbage disposal. How could he ever think I'd put my mouth on him when his di—" "NO. Nonononono. You will stop right there," Draco interrupted, covering his ears with his palms to drown out her words. "We are not going there." She laughed, a full sound so unlike the tinkling giggles he was used to hearing from women. He was surprised to find himself smiling at the sound, and quickly joining in with her. She gasped, wiping tears from her eyes. "I'm so sorry! I got a bit carried away." Hermione drained the last of the liquid from her cup - brandy , it turned out - and sat the glass gently on the table between them. Letting her eyes fall shut, she slouched a bit as her head fell back against the couch cushion. "It's weird, right?" he spoke low. "What?" Hermione murmured. She cracked an eye open, watching him watching her . "This." He waved an arm. "How you pretty much landed right at my door." "Well, it's certainly not fate. I don't believe in that rubbish. Coincidence, sure…" She smiled at him, a sweet gleam that quickly turned into a feral grin, her eyes twinkling mischievously. He raised a brow at her, confused by her sudden change of expression. "Why, Draco Malfoy, are you happy to see me here?" "You're delusional. And drunk." She laughed again, that music to his ears, and he wondered - not for the first time that evening - if he made the right choice inviting her in. This was Hermione Granger, mudb— muggleborn, someone he hated for as long as he could remember. He always assumed the feeling was mutual, if her punching him in the face third year was any indication. So why did this feel… normal ? As a comfortable silence fell between them, he realized that for the first time in a long time, the tension had completely left his shoulders. He felt the way his lips turned upward with ease, and for a few glorious moments, he hadn't a care in the world. A/N: Oh, Mr. Malfoy… What have you gotten yourself into?