him, both of them wrapped up together on the couch. "Yeah, you're right," he mumbled happily into her hair, closing his eyes and relaxing as she buried her face in his chest. "You're always right." A few hours later, still drowsy, still wrapped up together on the couch, one of his hands slipped off her waist and cupped the slight mound of her pregnant stomach, a dopey grin twitching at his lips. "I love you, Harry," he said quietly. "I love you, Lily." "We love you, too, James," she muffled into his chest. "Now go to sleep before I kill you." "Yes, ma'am," he snorted, closing his eyes. Remus was wide-eyed, grinning slightly, staring down at the baby in his best friend's grip. "God, he's wrinkly," Sirius muttered, and Lily laughed, but James was glaring at him with a fire he was unaware his best friend possessed. "Don't you dare say that about my son," James said fiercely. "He's beautiful. He's perfect. Shut up." "Yeah, okay, right, sorry," Sirius muttered sheepishly, and James turned his head back down to coo at Harry, who began to babble quietly, incoherently. "He's almost as scary as you, Lil," Remus murmured, pressing a kiss to the exhausted mother's temple. "You did so well. Me and Padfoot will be back in the morning, get some rest. You deserve it." Lily smiled faintly at them as her eyes slipped shut, and James sunk into the chair beside her bed with Harry in his arms. Remus dragged Sirius out of the room by his arm, and Sirius waved jovially before the door slammed shut. "Shit!" Remus heard James shout as the loud slamming made Harry begin to wail. " - Padfoot?" He was cold. But warmth was beginning to creep over his skin. His body felt strange, lighter. Soft fingers were gently pushing his hair up and off his face, a hand that were large and calloused was wrapped around his upper arm, and someone was sitting right beside him, their hands splayed out on his chest and stomach. "Can you hear me, baby?" whispered a soft voice. A voice he never thought he'd hear again. "C'mon, Sirius, open your eyes." Sirius tore his eyes open and stared up at her, wonder and awe lurking in his grey eyes - and he shot up with a loud cry and wrapped her in a tight hug, hauling her up and against his chest. Tears began to stream down his cheeks and for the first time he didn't care, because holy hell, the only woman he'd ever truly fallen head over heels for was in his arms and close to him; he could smell her, feel her, touch her. "Marlene," he sobbed her name out, and he pulled back to press a fierce kiss to her lips. "Merlin, Marley, baby, what the hell - ?" "Hey," she croaked, tears in her own eyes. "You're dead. So am I. We're having a death party, care to join us?" "Yeah, yeah," he laughed quietly, wrapping her up tighter. "Love you." "Love you, too," she mumbled, kissing his cheek. "Now go hug James and Lily, they're feeling left out." Sirius' eyes snapped open and he stared at them. Lily, just as beautiful as the last day he'd seen her, young and twenty-one. Her hair was mahogany red, piled up in a messy bun on the top of her head, her green eyes wide and youthful, cheeks still plump and freckled, lips still smooth and twitched in that friendly grin. She was wearing a pair of flared jeans and a green cold shoulder blouse, her feet clad in white-and-green trimmed socks. James, like he remembered him. Hair untidy, jet black, flopping a little in his face, his jaw firm and sharp, skin tanned and his shoulders broad. His eyes were still mischievous and hazel, still glowing behind wire-framed rectangular glasses; and he was wearing that thick October sweater that Lily had bought for him, frayed and scarlet, black jeans and black socks on. Snitch, that stupid cat that he'd always hissed at, was sitting on his foot. Merlin, was he glad to see her. "I think we're third wheeling," Lily wrinkled her nose up, and James laughed. Sirius shot up and towards them, wrapping James up in a tight hug. Lily was laughing, tears in her eyes, and when Sirius did eventually release his brother, Lily leapt at him, her legs wrapped tight around his waist and her arms around his neck, and when she did James wrapped his arms around them both. For the first time in nearly fifteen years, Sirius Black felt truly and utterly complete. And he would always feel guilty about it. Remus shot upright, wide-eyed, at the sound of his wife sobbing. His wand was in his hand and concern was twisting his face, but he felt his knees give out at the sight of her wrapped up with her long-dead father and cousin, who were just as broken apart as she was; and when he looked up properly, he felt a strong hand on his shoulder, and saw James looking down at him, a grin on his face and tears in his eyes. "I'm dead," Remus breathed, staring up at him. "Yes, Moony," James laughed. "You are." "Shit," he cursed, before staggering to his feet and wrapping James up tight in his arms. He heard Lily laughing and tore one arm away, tugging the familiar build of the redheaded woman into the hug. "Moony!" Padfoot crowed, diving into the hug. And Tonks, wide-eyed, staring at them, tears streaming down her face, burst out laughing. "What do we do now?" he finally blubbered, pulling away, uncaring about his own tears. "We take care of our boys," said Lily firmly, wiping her tears away. "Make sure that little Teddy turns out just like his parents." "Harry lived," said Remus quietly, after a moment, looking up in relief and shock. "Harry lived." "No, idiot," Lily told him firmly. "Harry lives."