chest ached as he ignored Scabior and Greyback's leering looks. He hadn't seen her in months; he didn't think she'd ever want to see his face again. "Here." She stuck the daisy in the gap of his collar. "Mum used to say that it was good luck…it's a stupid superstition…" He held her hand. It felt rough and worn, smelling like strong wine. He smiled softly. "Thank you." Her bottom lip trembled, as she wrapped her arms around his neck, kissing him deeply, her lips warm and demanding. He closed his eyes and basked in the moment, wanting it to last forever. Until the pressure of her lips lessened. "You're an idiot, but I love you." She rested her forehead against his, her eyes still closed. He gave her a half-smile, his stomach twisting painfully. "I know, but you deserve better." He gazed at her tenderly. "I love you." Greyback yelled at him to hurry up as the gates opened. Neville's stomach plummeted, like a basin of ice cold water had been poured over him. He looked at Hannah, and there was a resignation in her eyes. He hesitated, before kissing her one last time and pulling away. The sun was hot on his skin, his breathing laboured. Blood was leaking from his crown. He tried to remain focused. Scabior was dead, and Bellatrix was in the middle of pulling her sword out of Greyback's chest. Bellatrix looked at him like a wolf would its prey, gleaming crimson-stained sword in hand. She was dressed in coal-black, expensive armour, her tangled black hair tied up into a bun and her helmet tossed aside as if she thought she was invincible. Thousands of people watched, some cheering, a small few screaming, the Weasley and Lovegood families being the most vocal in their pleas. Hannah was somewhere in the crowd too..."He's just a boy!" Molly Weasley screeched above the voices. King Grindelwald watched on from his private box, gaze impassive. The crowned Prince and his betrothed Narcissa were on the King's right hand side. The royal advisor Tom Riddle, sat on the King's left, grey eyes glinting with dark amusement. Neville kept his gaze locked on Bellatrix, holding his sword tighter, rage bubbling in his gut. Bellatrix ran forward and their blades clashed. They were close, heads inches apart as they stared each other down. Recognition shone in her eyes, and a smile twisted onto her face. "Longbottom, isn't it?" she crooned, slashing her sword with viper-like speed. Neville kept his guard up. "I think I met your parents, didn't I?" Her voice as sweet as honey. He gritted his teeth, striking back. She blocked his attacks, pivoting on the spot like this was some sort of dance, then struck his thigh with her sword, making a large gash. He ignored the pain, trying to hit her left leg. She elbowed him in the face, breaking his nose. "Ah! Now I remember!" Bellatrix chuckled, manoeuvring at a frightening speed. He flinched when her sword came crashing down near his head. "Aw, was the widdle boy upset when mummy and daddy went bye-bye?" His eyes widened in anger. "Shut up!" His stomach twisted painfully. The hatred festered and grew inside of him. She whipped out a knife and stabbed his left thigh. He screamed in pain while she laughed. His wound burned, his body became unbalanced, but he forced himself to stay standing. He tried to stab her in the stomach but she pulled back, twisted smug smile still carved on her face. She kicked him to the ground, circling him excitedly. Her smile widened and she giggled. "Your parents are my fondest memory, Longbottom. I put it on a shelf next to my Pensieve, you know," Bellatrix taunted, slowly dragging her sword down his leg, making another large cut. He cried out in pain. She likes to play with her food. Her pupils dilated as she looked at him with wild eyes. Rage in its purest form washed over him. "Fuck off, you sick, inbred cunt." The smile dropped from her face. It looked like he'd hit a nerve. She raised her sword. He gathered all his strength to push himself up, grabbing her right leg and knocking her to the ground. There was a collective gasp. Her head hit the floor and he straddled her waist, the point of his sword hovering over her throat. Her breath hitched, as she stared up at him in shock, her sword and dagger just out of reach. The blade touched her skin and he saw fear enter her eyes. Could you kill her though? "No!" a shrill voice screamed. Neville looked up. Narcissa Black was standing on her feet, while her betrothed tried to pull her back. Neville kept his blade against Bellatrix's throat, while Bellatrix gritted her teeth, anger in her eyes as if enraged by Narcissa's outburst. The stadium was silent. "Stop this!" Narcissa implored to the King. For the first time, something occurred to Neville. Narcissa Black was fifteen years old and her sister was about to die. Suddenly, Bellatrix became very human and not the monster who haunted his dreams. Because right now, to Narcissa, he was the monster. Could you kill her though? Grindelwald ignored his future daughter-in-law, as Riddle whispered something in his ear. The King smiled coldly then stared straight at Neville, his gaze commanding. "Kill her." Neville's hands shook. Blood from his wound was dripping down his leg; the deep cut burned worse than ever. "KILL HER!" the crowd roared. Narcissa was crying, her eyes full of hate. "KILL HER! KILL HER!" Neville lifted his sword and Bellatrix's eyes widened. "KILL HER! KILL HER! KILL HER!" Bellatrix's arm twitched to her dagger. Neville stabbed the sword down into the ground, an inch from her head. She swiped up the dagger and stabbed him in the neck. "NEV!" The last thing he heard was an anguished scream, followed by a blinding light. The daisy was stained with blood.