dorm. What bloody idiot would set off a dungbomb in the bathroom? May as well get one of them sick and let them stink the place up themselves." "Matter of fact," Lorcan added thoughtfully, "That's probably what happened. Wonder how we ended up getting credit for it." "I'm not complaining. Let them think it, just another thing we'll get away with that Uncle George didn't." That was probably exactly what happened, Scorpius felt like kicking himself for not seeing it sooner. He realized that he was the one that had probably started the bloody rumor. He'd been taking a shower and was so determined to find how the Legacies would respond in the next round that when the gods-awful smell emanated from the restroom and sent everybody scuttling he'd immediately muttered "Potter." The real culprit must have heard him, spread the rumor to cover their own embarrassment, and when it circled around to him again he'd no way of knowing it was actually based of his own actions. Roxanne looked between her two boys and sighed. "Fine, I forgive you. Now, what shall we do next?" "Is that supposed to go there?" a loud, curious voice came from just beside Scorpius's ear. The three Slytherin's jumped in surprise, Zambini knocking into the bust with his shoulder and sending it toppling toward the ground below. Scorpius had to pull Nott back over the railing when he tried to jump after it, cringing for a crash that never came. The three people below and the three people above stared breathlessly at the bust Roxanne Weasley had saved at the last second, even as Lorcan had moved between her and what he thought was going to shatter. After she released the spell to set the carving gently on the ground the six stared at eachother, half of them confused half of them relieved and all of them wondering just what exactly had happened. "Oh I guess is doesn't. Well, can that bust of the Headmaster talk?" Six pairs of eyes whirled on the girl that casually sat on the railing right next to Scorpius, swinging her legs over the edge. She had electric blue hair that reached her shoulders and emerald green eyes that twinkled with mirth, but what put her even more out of place was her clothing. She had no robe or house emblem, nothing wizardly about her at all. Just a plain shirt and pair of shorts, running shoes... and tall black-and-blue stripped stockings. Okay, Scorpius amended, completely out of place. The abundance of blue seemed to tinge her skin and as short as she was- sitting on the banister she was still below his eye level- Scorpius couldn't help but compare her to a Cornish Pixie. "Oi, you three," the girl shouted down to the still-confused Legacies, "could one of you ask Miss McGonagall the way to her office? I got lost again." After longer moments of silence Malfoy sighed and decided to try and scrap what he could from this situation. Starting with, who was this strange kid and why had she interrupted him, Scorpius Malfoy, instead of minding her own business. "What do you want?" She looked at him for the first time and he was startled by the zap of energy she had in her eyes. It sent tingles down to his toes. "I want to ask Miss McGonagall the way to her office." Was this girl being purposefully dense? "Why would a statue be able to talk?" "Well the paintings do, but they all said they're not supposed to tell anyone where her office is-" "The portraits are soaked with an expensive potion that takes days to take effect. Do you have any idea how much they would need to make for it to work on a statue?" The potion was only common because it was reusable, and it didn't take much of it to soak a flat picture. Scorpius knew it would theoretically work on statues as well, but that would require a huge vat of the potion that would likely remain underused. Such luxury wasn't worth funding even in Malfoy Manor. She looked down and he thought he'd successfully cowed the girl until he noticed her fingers twitching along with the math she was trying to do in her head. Then her eyes snapped back to him and asked "Sixteen liters?" He looked into her serious face and had to wonder how stupid this girl could be. He was about to put aside his father's teaching of Malfoy manners to ask what this girl was up to in a blunt and deservedly rude manner- this girl had ruined what was sure to be a good prank, after all- when James called out from the landing below "Peeves!" Nott cursed and followed his gaze to find the infamous poltergeist himself barreling towards them, knocking against tapestries and suits of armor while cackling a new song. "He's coming, he's coooming, he's coming HERE! Hold your head and hide your rear, the one that curses all draws near!" "Dammit he's bringing the Caretakers!" Malfoy shouted over the loud and off-tune singing, covering his ears to drown the racket out. Zambini turned tail and ran, Nott following but at least summoning the courage to cast a spell before he did. Scorpius found himself without allies as Peeves came closer, the portraits cursing the unstoppable force of destruction that wandered their halls. The poltergeist froze before the blue pixie girl, quickly and solidly enough that it seemed Nott's spell had petrified him. Then the pixie smiled and stood casually on the banister, and Scorpius wondered what spell she was planning to cast from such a precarious perch as she brushed off imaginary dust. Then his jaw dropped as she extended an empty palm, beamed at the Poltergeist of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and brightly spoke words that had never once been said in a thousand years of school history. "Hi Peeves, it's nice to meet you!"