down to the ground. No one would see them. The bystanders would use spells to ensure it. And she trusted the potion. She could see Snape's mark on the bottom of the vial. Terrible teacher he may have been, but he was still a master of his craft. But she still thought it was terrible idea. There was no need to jump out of a perfectly good building! "Granger! If you back out now we're done!" He stomped his foot and glared down at her, "And I have NOT come this close to winning to back out now!" "Winning?" she hissed. "What's the point of winning if you die doing it! Besides how many of these events are there?!" He grabbed her arm and pulled her away from the other three couples. She yanked her arm out of his grip and put her hands on her hips, glaring up at him. He took a deep breath and ran a hand through his hair, messing it up and making him look even more tantalizing in his muggle evening wear. "Listen, this is the last event. There's no limit on the number of winners. And there's no trophy for winning. The real prize is the experience. It's the fact that we'll safely jump off of one of the most famous landmarks in the world." Her eyes narrowed. "There's something else. What is it? I mean. Why did you invite me on this if you're so intent on winning? It's been fun and all, but surely there was someone else? Doesn't Greengrass have a younger sister?" "Oi! Draco! Granger! Hurry it up!" Nott shouted out, waving his own little potion at them. "One minute!" Malfoy called over his shoulder before running his hand through his hair again. "Listen, Granger, this isn't exactly the time, but I've learned something since we finished school." "What's that?" "That if we don't take chances we never live. Did you know I thought about asking you to the Yule Ball? Oh, don't look at me that way, Granger. I may have been utterly terrible and nasty, but I still had a crush on you. Ended up not risking it. Then, later, after Potter defeated You-Know-Who and my father went to Azkaban I did a lot of thinking. Also spent a lot of time watching you. Saw you with Weasley. Think I was the only one in the Brigade that bet on you two ending without a wedding ring in sight. I thought to look you up a half dozen times, especially when Pans started telling me her work stories. You know, you're the only one that's ever stood up to her? She's always so excited when she has to go to Records and bother you." Hermione snorted in disbelief, but didn't interrupt. She'd corner Parkinson about that little tidbit on Monday. "But, well, it never worked out. Until tonight." Her glare softened into a frown of confusion and she pinned him with her eyes. "What do you mean?" He squirmed, but didn't look away from her. "Daphne got one of Wood's groupies to spill on the location of their quidditch after party. I knew you'd show in support of Potter, so we staked it out. Then when you passed Theo sent a quick tripping jinx your way and Blaise had bribed Mclaggen to herd you towards us…" She gaped at him. "Why-! You little sneaky snake!" Color appeared high on his cheeks. "Well, um, yes, I am a snake…" Emotions swirled within her. He'd staked her out, maneuvered things so she ended up on his lap and then-! She stopped. And then he had offered her a choice. He couldn't have slipped her anything. She'd only had the punch and some water during the polo match. Both were things that many others had drank. She had obviously wanted to do all of this. Protesting now would be stupid and pointless. And Hermione was never stupid. She huffed, "I'm not forgetting about this." He winced, "I didn't think you would." "BUT," she reached out and grabbed the front of his shirt, yanking him down so he was on eye-level with her. She watched his eyes grew wide with fear before letting her face soften, "I will forgive you." His fear flipped into disbelief, "Really?" "Yes, dammit, I will. I'll also jump." He grinned and his face lit up like a little boy's at Christmas. "Really?" "Merlin's beard! I said yes already! BUT, I demand breakfast and a real conversation after all of this. No adventures. Understand?" He nodded happily. Five minutes later they all stood spread out across the hands of the clock. With the hour hand on the three and the minute hand on the nine they had plenty of room. Her hand was firmly clasped by Malfoy and her entire body felt as if it was made of cotton candy. She was nothing but spun sugar and air. An effect of the potion. "Are you ready?" A witch shouted from her spot on a broomstick hovering in front of them. "Yes!" Everyone called out. Malfoy gave her hand a tight squeeze and she looked over at him. He looked so excited that she couldn't help but lean over and give him a kiss. "Alright! Here we go! On three! One!" As she was pulling back his free hand reached up and snagged her, pulling her close to him so he could whisper in her ear, "You trust me?" She hesitated, but nodded. "Two!" He pulled away from her and grinned. "You jump, I jump, little Lion." "Three!" She gripped his hand tightly and jumped. Author's Note: Yes. This did just combine Harry Potter with the Life and Death Brigade from Gilmore Girls. This is all due to faerieflightz coming up with the brilliant idea of combining them. And then asking if anyone could write a story using this idea. I just took the idea, ran with it, and then shared it with all you lovely people! Enjoy