same time. Harry didn't know this however. As Harry entered Snarlfangs office she bowed low and greeted the account manager in glenskrad, also known as goblin tongue or Gobbledygook as the wizards called it. "Greetings Account manager Snarlfang, may your gold ever flow." Unknown to Harry one of the office walls had been replaced with an illusion so that the goblin high council and king could observe the human that had offered them the return of so many goblin made items for just a few blades. To say they were surprised was an understatement. First of all the human was supposed to be eleven year old Harry Potter. What they saw was what looked like a thirteen year old Lily Evans with the nose and cheekbones of a Black. Second of all the human had talked in glenskrad and followed goblin etiquette. Snarlfang almost fell out of his chair at the greeting in goblin tongue. It had been months since he last saw the Potter heir and his fellow goblins had doubted him when he had told them of the polite child. "Greetings miss Potter, may your gold ever flow." He replied and motioned for her to sit. "May I ask how you learned glenskrad and why?" He asked. "Of course. The answer is many reasons, some of them good and some very childish. Since the counter offer I received and accepted implied I might be offered jobs by the Goblin Nation when I get older I wanted to make sure I could speak the language. I also wanted to be able to be polite to the ones handling my finances, small as they may be. It also gives me the ability to eavesdrop on goblins and learn things normally not available for human ears." Harry replied, not knowing he had impressed the goblins yet again. "All very good reasons. Now then since you are eleven as of today I have prepared the paperwork and instructions for your emancipation in the eyes of magic. To avoid detection as long as possible from the ministry we will file them in the middle of the monthly complaints they will ignore again this month." Snarlfang said and grinned toothily. A grin that would normally make wizards uneasy but only made Harry grin back. "That works just fine for me. I intend to stop sending a clone to my relatives after today and simply disappear for a few years while I train in what I have dubbed the Shinobi arts." Harry replied and began to read the instructions. The emancipation ritual was easily done and once she had signed the contract again, after reading it to make sure it was the same contract, she was given new instructions. This time on how to blood bind the weapons. "Snarlfang how soon will the Potter vaults be empty? I ask because I'm going to use a ritual to change my blood so that in the event someone has a sample from me as a baby they will not be able to use that sample for anything related to me. The ritual will also change my fingerprints and genetic makeup and completely remove all traces of Potter heritage. My hope is that combined with changing my name through magic I will be as if reborn a new person and completely free from the wizarding world." The question earned Harry more than one raised eyebrow. Snarlfang was intrigued and told her it would take at most an hour to have the Potter vaults emptied. "In that case would it be possible for me to borrow an empty room and prepare the runes and seal needed for my ritual?" Snarlfang hesitated for a moment and glanced at the goblin illusion where he could see the high council and king were seated. The king caught his eye and nodded. "To answer your question yes, I would like to watch the process however, not because I doubt your honesty but to ensure no one can cry foul at a later date." "That is acceptable." Harry replied and followed Snarlfang to a large empty room that had a distinct feeling of neutrality to it. It offered absolutely nothing that could influence a ritual and was perfect. Probably because it had been designed as a ritual room Harry mentally snarked at himself. Exactly an hour and 17 seconds later Snarlfang received word that the Potter vaults were empty. Harry smiled, finally she would shed the last traces of her male birth. She her default body would no longer be the body of a male and all traces of Harry Potter would disappear. Without even a glance at Snarlfang Harry removed her clothes and entered the ritual chamber. Years of living on the street and using her looks to get access to anything from clothes to food had removed her modesty. Her body was fit beyond the known charts thanks to her Chakra and she had nothing to be ashamed of, besides she doubted the goblins cared about her state of dress. The ritual took almost twenty minutes to complete and once done it had burned everything that was from her Potter heritage. It had refined her cheekbones and shrunken her nose a bit, she gained almost an inch in height, her hips got just a tiny bit rounder and her developing breasts gained a minuscule amount. Her hair also darkened to a very, very deep red. Her eyes however stayed the exact same colour, the acid green of the killing curse which was ironically the same as healing Chakra. The ritual done Harry took a couple of minutes to regain his breath before getting dressed and being escorted back to Snarlfangs office. Snarlfang upon seeing the change raised an eyebrow but otherwise kept his thoughts to himself. "Now then lets fill out the paperwork and change your name before going through with blood bonding the blades made for you." Harry quickly filled out the papers with her mothers chosen name. Artemis Harika Evans