the Wizarding community, but all of that had changed after Hermione had chosen to give him a chance. The first time he'd laughed after the War had been with her. They had been working together to restructure the grand arch of the doors of the Great Hall, and she had made a silly joke about keeping a Gryffindor in suspense. He wasn't sure if it was the exhaustion, or the strain of his charmwork, or his pure incredulity that Hermione Granger was telling him jokes, but he had laughed harder than the quip actually warranted. Before long, her own hesitant giggles emerged to join his loud chuckles, and the two of them had ended up gripping their sides and struggling to catch their breath. Once the laughter had finally subsided, Draco had tossed out a line about being so tired that he could use an espresso patronum , and they'd doubled over once again. That was how they'd spent the rest of the day, trying to outdo one another with corny puns and childish pickup lines. When they'd finally gotten through their amusement enough to actually restore the grandeur of the Hall, he had turned to her with a curious expression on his face. She seemed completely taken aback when he'd asked her to join him for dinner that evening, but her shock quickly melted into slow flirtatiousness as she'd agreed and given his arm a gentle squeeze as they left the castle. Baby, you look happier, you do I knew one day you'd fall for someone new He could not begrudge her this night out. Though Weasley was one of the people Draco could not bring himself to tolerate, he was one of Hermione's closest friends, and he made her smile. That was truly all that mattered to him now—that Hermione could laugh freely and live her life with abandon. As he watched her, he thought back to the night she left. He had found out days later that Pansy Parkinson had left her knickers on his dresser in what turned out to be a rather effective attempt to ruin his relationship with the beautiful Gryffindor, but he had not even seen them the night he brought Hermione to his home and offered that she rest on his bed as he prepared a meal for them. She had been rather tired, he recalled, because of a case moving through the Department that week. He had only wanted her to sleep as he cooked her favorite foods: mashed potatoes, gravy, and roast chicken, with chocolate fudge for dessert. But after he'd perfected the meal and charmed a handful of candles and rose petals to float around the room, he had gone to wake her from her slumber only to be greeted by a tear-stained bedspread, wide open balcony doors, and complete silence. She had taken all of her own belongings, the various articles of clothing and piles of paperwork that had been scattered around the room since she'd spent so much time there. The only thing she had left behind was the collection of books he had gifted her during their relationship. Every single book he'd given her, from the fiction to the treasured copy of Hogwarts: a History had been deserted, stacked neatly on his bedside table and still carrying a trace of her intoxicating scent. He had sunk to the bed in shock, fingers closing around the small velvet box in his pocket as hot tears rolled down his cheeks. He had looked just once at the glittering diamond ring in his hand before chucking it to the back of his closet in anguish, and he had only just retrieved it that morning. He couldn't help but imagine just how breathtaking the ring would have looked on her hand, had she only given him the chance to explain himself to her. But if he breaks your heart like lovers do Just know that I'll be waiting here for you Having drunk enough to make his head buzz slightly, Draco stood to leave, but his knee bumped the edge of the table loudly. For whatever reason, the sound was enough to warrant her to turn around and look his way. And finally, for the first time in thirty days, swirling grey eyes met molten brown ones. The second their gaze locked, Draco's heart froze in his chest, and he swallowed hard to try and chase away the lump that had risen in his throat. Oddly enough, her extraordinarily expressive eyes did not betray joy and contentment as Draco had assumed all night; rather, they were baseless, almost dull. She was not as happy as he had pegged her to be. Though the Slytherin in him wanted to be delighted by this knowledge, it only made his heart ache even harder than it already did. If both of them were miserable, why were they still apart? He knew he could make her happy, and that she had smiled a truly exuberant smile when she was with him. Damn it all, he wanted her back, not just for himself but for her as well. He wanted to see her happy—to truly feel happy—and he was determined to make it happen once more. His hand reached into the pocket of his robes to caress the box that was stowed there, since he had brought it along for some inexplicable reason. It took every ounce of Draco's courage to do what he did next. Without breaking their eye contact, Draco curled the corner of his mouth upwards in an apologetic half-smile, biting back the tears that threatened to spill over. Then, slowly, he mouthed four words across the bar. He knew she had understood; he could see slow shock, deep sadness, and mournful hope bloom in her eyes, and a careful optimism swept over him. Perhaps she wasn't as unreachable as he thought. Perhaps these four words could be just what he needed to bring her back to him. I still love you.