sofa. But the Slytherin was fast, and charged towards Harry with his fist. Harry slammed him against the wall before he could get punched again. Draco looked at him like a wounded bull stares at the red flag, and tackled Harry with all his strength onto the bed. He straddled him again, this time fetching the bat to smash his fucking stupid head in. He would have done it, really. But the adrenaline rush went straight to his dick, causing an immediate, growing bulge in his pants. It didn't go unnoticed. Harry looked straight at it, then to Draco, who was panting hard and not just from the fight. Harry looked back at Draco's his groin again. Draco was daring him to say something, anything, wrong. He was ready to crack Harry's head like a watermelon. But the fucking wanker didn't say anything, not a fucking word. Instead, Harry's green eyes darkened and his breath took up an irregular pattern. It wasn't long before Draco let the bat fall on the floor, starting to tug off his clothes swiftly. Harry followed his movements, yanking off his own clothes as quickly as he could. Soon they were both stark naked in front of each other. Draco gnawed at his bottom lip, taking the sight of Harry in. It was clear that he liked what he was seeing. He took Harry by surprise, slamming him back again onto the bed. This time his intentions were very different. He hovered over Harry, fumbling in the first drawer of his night table. He shuffled through it, taking out a bunch of condoms and tossing them to Harry, keeping a small bottle of lube in his hands. Harry noticed the condoms were all different in type and size. It was pretty clear that they weren't meant for Draco, not all of them at least. His thoughts flicked over to Severus at the momentary realization that this, here with Draco, was not a stable situation, and probably something he should avoid. But then he felt Draco's mouth swallowing his dick and all his cautious thoughts disappeared from his brain. The one in his head, at least. While Draco hummed appreciatively around his cock, Harry fumbled at the condom, tearing the golden wrapper open. He noticed then that Draco was already preparing himself while sucking him off. That got Harry even more turned on, and he pushed Draco away to roll the condom over his dick. Draco whined a little when Harry's dick left his mouth, but grinned once it was covered with latex. Draco rolled over, positioning himself on all fours. He looked at Harry expectantly over his shoulder with an arched eyebrow. Harry thought he'd never seen anything more arousing in his life. Not long after that, they were going hot and heavy on the bed. Draco, who hadn't said a word while attacking Harry, turned out to be quite chatty during sex. He growled instructions at Harry through gritted teeth. "Harder! Yes ! " "Right there! Again!" " Oh God !" A constant barrage of "FUCK!"'s littered the remaining silence. They soon felt on the brink of coming. Draco was the first to let go, coming hard on the sheets with a loud moan. Feeling Draco clenching around his cock, Harry didn't last much longer, slamming his hips one more time against Draco's ass and releasing himself in the condom. He pulled out after Draco started to move, and the both of them fell in a silent impasse. Awkwardly, Harry pulled the covers up over them, taking his time while trying to find something to say. He hadn't expected that looking for a flash drive would lead to this awesome fucking sex. Because it had been awesome, no point denying in that. But with Draco Malfoy off all people? Harry hadn't even suspected he was gay, and his gaydar was usually pretty good. "Umm…" Harry started quietly. He was interrupted by the door opening and a blond guy making his entrance. His eyes were puffy and he looked hammered. Actually, at closer look, Draco was no different. His whole body emanated the smell of vodka, but Harry didn't actually care. "Dray, got any Advil or some shit? My head feels like it's gonna explo…" He left his sentence in mid air when he noticed the two bodies under the blanket. He burst into laughter. "Shit, man! How wasted were you?!" He pinched between his eyebrows in pain before either boy could respond. "Fuck, I feel so bad… Think I'm gonna go back to sleep." Blondie yawned and closed the door behind him. Harry and Draco stared blankly at the closed door, before Draco got up and started to dress. Harry did the same in silence. Finally dressed, they stared at each other, not knowing what to say or do. Without proper thought, Harry decided to do the dumbest move he could ever think of; He leaned in to kiss Draco. Draco promptly avoided the trajectory of Harry's lips by stepping back and turning away from Harry with a growl. "Kiss me and I'll cut your fucking tongue out." Harry took the incredibly subtle hint and turned to leave. He was heading out the door when something small hit the back of his head. Looking down at the floor he reached to grab the offending object; the flash drive. Harry looked up to meet the other boy's eyes, but Draco didn't say anything more. Just waved for Harry to get the fuck out. Once outside of the smokey, alcoholic stench of the common room, Harry let his thoughts wander. That had been unexpected. And yet amazing. He hadn't been feeling good since he started taking his medication, and certainly didn't remember feeling that good since then, maybe even before that. Maybe, possibly, when he had been manic, but this kind of good wasn't the same as that high, crazy way. It was different. Better. And Harry wanted to feel it again. … What the fuck?!