ever had to go was Transnistria, in Romania." "See any vampires?" I asked jokingly. He opened his mouth, closed it and then paused. "I just meant, like Dracula, you know," I said. He smiled. "Yes. Of course. All over the place. The country's lousy with them; there aren't enough coffins, so they've got to sleep underneath the futon." "What a dreadful thought," I moaned. "To spend your eternal life taking naps under a sofa bed. The Welsh would never stand for it, I'll tell you." "Well, they don't always—" he began, and then stopped. He gave me a queer look. I wondered whether he had noticed my bare legs. "I just realized I haven't got your name," he said softly. "And I haven't gotten yours, and I really ought to have asked, given that you just saved my life." He smiled at that. His eyes crinkled up behind his tortoiseshell glasses and I noticed their colour for the first time, a soft almond flecked with gold. "Lyall Lupin. And you are—" "Hope Caron Howell, but you can just call me Hope." "I hope to," he said and reached forward to shake my hand; his was smooth and warm in my own. That was the first time we ever touched and for many years afterward I would hold the sensation of Lyall's soft, un-callused palm close within my mind, a talisman of something gentle and lovely, a balloon of joy to float us through the sea of pain to come. When we reached the bus stop, he paused for a moment, toying with the lowest button of his shirt. I smiled up at him. "I, er, I actually meant to take this bus as well," he said apologetically. "I have an office in the city." "Oh, where do you work?" I asked, combing my hair with my fingers unknowingly. It was a habit my mother had tried to train out of me, but I couldn't help but do it when I was nervous or excited or in this case, a little bit of both. "It's a shared office. I've just got a bit of a closet in the corner with a desk. A—a government office. Commissions research for the preservation of the...endangered species of, er...Wales." "I do think they ought to stop driving all the roe deer out of the forests," I said. "I think it's tragic, what's happening to all the wildlife in Britain. There's almost none left, for starters. Not that I know much about it," I added quickly, for his expression had changed from pleasant to amused, his eyebrows having quirked up just a tad. "I just think people take it for granted that they can go for a walk and hear birds, or go deer stalking every fall and it's never going to change. I mean, I have this argument with my father all the time. He doesn't hunt, but his friends from the RAF..." I chattered on like this for the best part of our bus ride. I sat in a seat facing the bus's interior and he stood before me, holding onto a pole with one hand and his briefcase with the other. Finally, I recognized the soot-stained bricks of my neighbourhood. I must have missed the announcement of my street. I hurriedly pulled the cord to request my stop; Lyall noticed. "This is you?" he said. He glanced out the window. His expression looked somewhat pinched. "Coming up, yes," I said, somewhat embarrassed by the state of the houses. "It's—not the fanciest of areas. It's a boarding house." "Oh—yes, of course—" he stammered, "I was actually—I think it's a perfectly nice street," he added. "You've got all your things with you, then?" "Yes, thanks" I stood up and patted down the wrinkles in my skirt. "I just wanted to thank you for everything—you saved my life! I'm tremendously grateful." Lyall's eyes crinkled up as he smiled. "No need, no need. It was only the decent thing—" "I only wish there was something I could do to repay you." He looked at me askance, then down at his shoes, then back up at me. "Actually," said Lyall carefully, "I, er, well I'm not from here, as you can probably tell by my accent—I mean, not from Cardiff, anyway, and if it's not too much trouble, I'd like it if you could perhaps show me around the high street and, er...if you'd like to meet for tea or something..." "Oh," I blushed. "That would be very nice. Not that I know too much about the city, but...I'll give you my telephone number..." "Oh, that's alright," he said hurriedly, "My telephone is broken at the moment. Perhaps we could meet this Saturday afternoon at your corner, around, say, four o'clock" I briefly wondered why he couldn't just use a tollbooth, but my thoughts were interrupted when the bus stopped at my corner and we lurched forward. Lyall dropped his briefcase and hurriedly picked it up. When he bent over, I noticed a carved wooden stick poking out of his pocket, like a pencil with no eraser or lead. When he straightened up, he noticed me looking and rearranged his coat to cover his pocket. "Well, I suppose, we're here." "Yes. Thank you very much. I do need to get going, but let me thank you again—" "Of course," he said. "Well, it was no trouble at all. None. So, Saturday then, at this corner—" "Yes," I said, unable to help myself from smiling. He smiled back, his grin just a twitching of the corners of his mouth and wrinkling at his eyes. "Goodbye, Lyall. See you soon." When I returned to the boarding house, one of the matrons, Mrs. Wyeth, noticed me smiling. She raised an eyebrow."Had a nice time, Miss Howell?" "Yes. Lovely weather," I blurted before rushing upstairs to my room. I shut the door and fell onto my bed and burst out laughing, long and hard, for what felt like no reason at all.