them so that I don't need to deal with the question of physical closeness to Ron. Upon entering the castle, I find that I no longer need to ponder this question since I'm so focused on not tripping over the rubble that was once Hogwarts. When we finally make it up to Gryffindor tower, we see that some of the Weasley family has assembled there along with the remaining Gryffindors and Professor McGonagall—that would explain why the castle is so empty. The Weasleys—except for Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and George who are presumably still by Fred's side—are huddled in a corner away from the students and others who came to join the battle, we make our way over to them just as Professor McGonagall's voice booms through the common room. "Attention, please! I know you're all anxious to get some sleep and I apologize that you are unable to return to the comfort of your own homes, but we are lucky enough that our tower has remained in tact. However, the roof above the girls' dormitories has been destroyed, so I will ask that the ladies sleep in the common room and the boys use their dormitories and leave the young ladies alone." She shoots a piercing gaze towards the three of us as if she knows we've all been sleeping in a tent unsupervised for the better part of a year. "Be thankful that you still have a home here at Hogwarts, the Ravenclaws are currently being housed in a variety of classrooms and the Slytherins have been evacuated from their dungeon as a window cracked and the common room is now flooded." We'd later find out that the Hufflepuffs were kind enough to offer them beds in their dormitory. "We're hoping that the train from Hogsmeade will be up and running again tomorrow, and I am sorry that we had to recast the anti-Apparation enchantments. We needed a method of accounting for those witches and wizards who may have gone missing," Professor McGonagall carries on over the delighted snickers that erupted at the announcement of the destruction of the Slytherin dorm. When she speaks of the missing, which also implies the dead, the room returns to silence. "For now, get some rest and be proud of how brave you all have been, you've certainly earned your places in Gryffindor." I notice that she gives a pointed glance at Neville who is across the room with his grandmother. "I will be by in the morning to update you all." With that, the common room erupts into sound as the older witches and wizard conjure sleeping pads and blankets for the younger female students to sleep on the floor and the boys slowly dissipate up the stairs. I find myself standing next to Ginny at the edge of the group and notice that she keeps stealing glances at Harry and biting her lip. "Have you talked to him yet?" I whisper softly in her ear, hoping not to draw attention. She shakes her head no and before she can say anything more, Professor McGonagall motions for Harry, Ron, and me to come see her. "I realize that the three of you are the subject of public scrutiny right now," she explains and I look around to notice for the first time to see that people are watching us nervously and whispering to one another. "I would understand if you would like some privacy tonight while you catch up on sleep." I heave a sigh of relief and look at Harry and Ron who both look too exhausted to respond. "That would be lovely, Professor," I say gratefully. She smiles weakly and offers, "The girls' dorm on the lowest level seems to be fully intact. The enchantment on the stairs has been temporarily disabled as it has a failsafe in emergencies such as this. You three could sleep there tonight undisturbed; in separate beds of course—you'll find ten vacant as the youngest students were evacuated early. That should be plenty for three people." I nod in understanding. Lowering my voice so as not to alert Ron, I ask nervously, "Would it be possible for the rest of the Weasleys to use the other seven beds? They've been through a lot and should probably stay together right now." She looks over my shoulder at Ron and then his downtrodden siblings before returning her gaze to me. "I don't see why that would be a problem. I'll let Molly and Arthur know that there is room for them and George should they want it when I return to the Great Hall." "Won't you be getting any sleep?" I feel concerned for her since it is unlikely that she has rested and it is not as if she is particularly young. She smiles sadly at me before responding. "It is the job of the Headmistress to protect the school when it cannot protect itself. I'll be guarding the front door tonight until someone from the Order can relieve me in the morning." Before I can thank her any further, she walks off and out of the portrait hole. I explain to the Weasleys that we can use the first year girls' dorm for the night and we make our way to our temporary home. Everyone claims beds silently in a very un-Weasley manner since such a task would typically involve fighting over the "best" bed. I find myself assigned to a bed between Ron and Harry and crawl under the covers, pulling the hangings around my four-poster. Soon, sounds of sleep fill the room, but I hear shuddering breaths from the bed to my right—Ron. I climb out of my nest I've created as quietly as possible, pull back the curtains on Ron's bed and see that he is in fact crying as I suspected. He reaches for my hand and I oblige, letting him pull me down to lie beside him. Slowly, his crying subsides and we drift off to sleep holding hands.