understand why they were behaving differently. Then he had to admit to himself that wasn't true. Ginny was a very pretty, well okay, beautiful young woman who was quite personable. It was natural for her to be so animated this early in the morning. He on the other hand, who rarely slept the night through, was usually quiet and quite tired. And since he was admitting things to himself this morning, he never slept a full night, at least not since the war. That brought his thinking back to this morning when he'd woken up after sleeping the complete night through. He wanted to convince himself that it was because of the Firewhisky he had consumed but once again had to admit he knew that wasn't the case. It was because of the beautiful, captivating and highly infuriating woman sitting next to him. He hadn't known her for 24 hours and she was already disrupting his life. Deep down in the forgotten recesses of his mind, he knew it was a good thing. Something that he actually needed in his life, but consciously he found it aggravating. While Ginny and the elves chatted away happily, Harry ate his breakfast in silence, deeply contemplating the situation. Unnoticed by him, Kreacher was keeping his eyes on him, taking in everything. The old elf knew that Harry was agitated and he considered that a good thing. For far too long his Master had been isolating himself, becoming too set in his ways, accepting his situation without making any attempt to change it. Yes, he and Winky provided some level of companionship but Master needed more. He needed a type of human companionship that the elves just weren't able to give. He was sure that Miss Ginny was just the one that Master needed, all he had to do was convince him of that fact. Certainly not an easy task. Soon breakfast was completed, the only interruption coming when the delivery owl had brought the morning papers. Harry had subscriptions to the Daily Prophet and the London Times. He had made special arrangements to have the Prophet have the Times delivered at the same time. Normally Harry sat over several more cups of tea and read the papers sitting at the kitchen table but this morning they sat untouched and ignored. Something the Kreacher found quite amusing but he was skilled enough to not let his amusement show. Ginny had hoped that Harry would be more engaged than he had been but figured that maybe he had reached his current limit of having someone disrupting his life. "Well I really must be going," she said as she rose. "Oh, right," Harry replied, startled from his ruminations. Rising, he followed her into the parlour. Ginny grabbed her things and looked around, slightly confused. She really didn't want to floo with her dress robes and she was sure that she couldn't Apparate from where she currently was. Harry looked at her in understanding. He knew she didn't want to use the floo and it was a bit of a walk to the edge of the wards. Plus he didn't want her to be seen by any of the towns people. It wouldn't look good for her to be seen leaving his place with her dress robes over her arm. Not that he cared what they might think of him, it was Ginny's reputation he was concerned about. That and the fact she was barefoot. The path leading to the edge of the wards was rather rough, not being used hardly at all. "Hold on a moment," he said, drawing his wand. "I'll adjust the wards so you can Apparate from here." Ginny smiled in appreciation of his thoughtfulness. "Thank you," she said gratefully. Harry muttered a spell she couldn't make out. When he nodded at her, she gave him a mischievous look. "I'll see you later," she said with a grin and before he could react with more than a surprised look, she Apparated away. Harry just stared, open mouthed at where Ginny had disappeared from. So focused on what she had said and its implications that he forgot to reset the wards. Kreacher, who was standing in the doorway to the kitchen noticed but decided it wasn't his place to say anything. With a smile, he turned back into the kitchen, deciding that maybe Winky would accept his help in cleaning up. Ginny arrived at the Burrow, expecting to find everyone still asleep or at least having a lie in after the hectic day of the wedding. Instead she arrived to find the kitchen filled with frantic people. Most surprising was the fact that her brother Ron and Hermione were there. As soon as she stepped in Ron turned to her. "Where have you been?" he said hotly. Ginny almost said she'd been at Harry's but then caught herself. "That's none of your business," she cried back, a scowl on her face. Harry and Ginny A/N: As stated in the synopsis, this is a Harry never went to Hogwarts story. The story is six chapters long and is complete. I'll be posting new chapters once a week until all are posted and rest assured that I will now be working diligently on my other incomplete stories. This just grabbed me and insisted on being written. That was one of the reasons for finishing it before posting it. I didn't want another story to work on while having so many other stories in progress. Harry is a reclusive, shy and somewhat damaged wizard. Kreacher wants to change Harry's life for the better and thinks Ginny is just the person he needs. The thing is, will Harry accept her into his life? Please review, it's the only 'payment' we authors receive and they are greatly appreciated. I want to thank the wonderful Stephanie O for her fantastic Beta work. She has a great knack for finding all the little typos that I just can't seem to see.