"Oh bother," she sighed, envisioning how her mother would react and what she's say. She definitely wasn't looking forward to that confrontation. She felt Harry move and she looked down at him and saw him staring at her worriedly. Harry heard Ginny and the sad tone of her voice and he worried that she was unhappy that they had bonded. He felt a crushing sensation envelope his heart that had nothing to do with the warm witch that was laying on his chest. Ginny realized what Harry must have thought because of what she had said and how she had reacted. "Oh Harry, I'm so sorry if it sounds like I don't want to be Bonded with you. Please don't think that as it's the furthest thing from the truth. I was just thinking about how my mother is going to react and not looking forward to that," she pleaded softly, tears starting to form in her eyes. Somehow Harry knew she was telling the truth and it was more than the fact than what he was seeing. There seemed to be something deep inside, letting him know that she wasn't lying to him and never would. He tenderly began to run his hand through her hair. "Shhh, it's okay. I understand," he whispered lovingly. Ginny sniffled and began to calm down. She closed her eyes and just revelled in what she was feeling as Harry softly stroked his hand through her hair and she could feel the love and concern in his voice. She snuggled closer into him and sighed as she felt his love fill her. They had been laying there for a little while when they heard Luna sigh wistfully. They turned their attention to the beautiful young blonde and they found her staring at them. She had a slightly sad look on her face as she stared, first at Ginny and then at Harry. "I'm going to miss our little trysts," she cried softly, staring into Ginny's eyes. Ginny looked surprised and Luna gave her a wan smile. "You're with Harry now and it wouldn't be right for us to keep seeing one another," she explained warmly. Luna then turned her attention to Harry. "Treat her right or you'll have to answer to me," she warned, though she had a warm smile on her face. "I will," he replied seriously, somehow knowing that he didn't want to have to face her if she was upset with him. Though she acted rather peculiarly, he knew she was a formidable witch. She nodded at him, her smile growing and she knew he meant it. She sighed and rolled off the bed, slipping her robes over her nude body. She turned back and leaned over, giving Ginny one last kiss and then she surprised Harry by kissing him too. She smiled at the couple and then turned and left without another word or looking back. Ginny sighed as she watched Luna leave, while she knew what Luna had said was true, she was going to miss spending time with the strange but wonderful girl. It had been a special time in her life, giving her the confidence she needed to be a better lover for Harry. Harry could feel Ginny's melancholy and he softly caressed her. "You know I never meant to come between you and Luna," he whispered sadly. Ginny smiled warmly at him. "I know that and so does she," Ginny replied softly. "Though I'll miss spending time with her, I'm with you now and I'm completely happy with that." Harry felt a burst of warmth deep inside and he smiled at her as he felt her love for him. It was warm and all encompassing, filling a hole in him that he had thought would never be filled. He nuzzled his face into the crook of her neck, letting her hair cover his head and he breathed in her sweet flowery fragrance. He sighed contentedly as he felt a sense of peace and calmness envelop him like the warmth he felt when Ginny embraced him. He felt like he never wanted to leave where he was right at that moment and dreaded heading back to Gryffindor Tower and his dorm. He felt Ginny stir as she snuggle closer into him as she sifted and laid her head on his shoulder as she draped her arm across his chest. He was also very aware of her breasts pressing into his side and torso and he felt himself stir a little down below. " Later, Little Harry," he thought as it was very late or early depending how you wanted to look at it. Ginny giggled softly, "Yes, later," she whispered softly, her voice in his ear like a soft caress. Harry gave her a puzzled look. "Are you reading my mind?" he asked lowly. "A woman never reveals her secrets," Ginny sighed sleepily. "Shouldn't we be heading back?" he asked worriedly. "No, lets spend what remains of the night here, sleeping in each other's arms," she replied warmly. Harry thought that sounded like a stellar idea and settled himself more completely in the make-shift bed, his eyes drifting shut as he felt Ginny's body relax as she drifted off to sleep. The night sure had been full of revelations and he found himself happier than he had ever been. He found he couldn't wait till the morning and what the new day would bring. Ginny was now the centre of his universe and he'd do whatever was needed to keep her happy, even if it meant taking care of a certain Dark Lord so that they could have a future together. Harry and Ginny A/N: Just something that came to me and I've been working on for the last couple of weeks between writing my other stories. I hope you found it to your liking and if you have, I'd love a review, though no pressure. (Go ahead, write a review, I know you want to) LOL