it hadn't been for Ron's ill-timed revelation, Harry wouldn't have had detention. He wouldn't have been in the dimly-lit Charms classroom that evening, picking up shards of shattered glass from the ground, organizing cluttered bookshelves, and dusting furniture. If it hadn't been for Ron, he wouldn't have started to feel anxious about his future and his friends outgrowing him. And if he hadn't been anxious, he wouldn't have pulled his headphones out of the pocket of his muggle jeans and started listening to music. He wouldn't have turned the volume up and let his mind drift. He wouldn't have begun to lose himself in the music, as he always did when he listened. And if he hadn't begun losing himself in music, he wouldn't have started singing. The room was dark by the time Harry's detention came to a close. Flitwick had never returned to check on him, a fact that made Harry feel guilty enough to stay and spend his evening alphabetizing the tiny wizard's collection of ancient, leather-bound tome—which was no small feat, given that the towering bookcases spanned the entire perimeter of the circular classroom. He had nearly finished when it happened. As he tucket Where There's a Wand, There's a Way on the bottom shelf between W.O.M.B.A.T. Revision Guide and Wizards are from Neptune, Witches are from Saturn , he crooned the final few bars of the muggle ballad streaming through his ear buds. The music faded into a soft hum as the song completed, and Harry sighed in content. He glanced around for the final volume to be filed (a signed, first-edition of Xylomancy by Selina Sapworthy) and did a double-take as his eyes caught sight of the classroom door. It was ajar. Harry tensed. He distinctly remembered latching it before he began sweeping up the broken goblet that had impaled Flitwick. Could a breeze from the corridor have— "Hello?" Harry froze as he recognized Remus's inquisitive tone, which called out to him from some 20 meters away on the opposite side of the entry. He'd managed to make significant progress into the classroom and was peering around cabinets and under desks. "Who's in here?" "Who's singing in here?" Sirius corrected, mirroring the other Marauder's movements. Harry's insides turned icy. He let out a silent string of curses. With slow, calculated movements, he slipped the headphones from his ear and info his pocket. As he deposited them, he retrieved his wand. He was only a few meters from the door. If he could create some kind of distraction, perhaps he could slip out without them noticing. "I'm sorry if we've startled you," Remus continued apologetically. "I promise, there's no reason to be afraid. This is Professor Lupin and Professor Black. We were passing through the corridor when we heard you heard you singing." "You're talented— very talented," Sirius told the dark room, the night sky casting a deep, navy shadow across the room's two-story windows. "I'm sure you know that Professor Lupin and I are the faculty advisors for the Hogwarts Choir." Harry did know. He'd been thrilled to learn that his godfather's had taken up teaching posts at Hogwarts following the final battle: Sirius replacing Binns as the History of Magic instructor and Remus returning to his former position as the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. He knew their intentions in doing so were as primarily to keep an eye on Harry as he "transitioned," which is how they liked to refer to his adjusting to a post-Voldemort existence. He appreciated the concern. At the Opening Feast, it was announced that the Marauders were once key staples of the award-winning Hogwarts Choir, a fact Harry never knew. Musical talent in the wizarding world was rare; those who had any semblance of it tended to capitalize on their skills to great success. Harry preferred his privacy. According to Sirius and Remus, whom Harry shared a cup of tea with later that evening, they weren't exceptional singers, but were better than most and had spent four memorable years representing Hogwarts at competitions across Europe. It was a highlight of their school careers and they wanted to afford others with the opportunity to experience the pleasures of performing. They'd spent the last four months recruiting interested students and preparing for Spring competition season. Harry nodded and expressed enthusiasm for their undertaking, but elected to keep his vocal ability unknown. In a world where every facet of his life was put on public display, he wanted to keep one meaningful piece to himself. "We'd like to talk with you about auditioning," Sirius continued. "We're still in the market for a male vocal lead." Crouching as low behind the bookshelf as he could manage, Harry pointed his wand directly at his chest and muttered a concealment charm. Those certainly came in handy these days. Remus circled to look in his direction. Damn werewolf hearing, Harry screamed internally before aiming his wand at Hermione's unbroken goblet, which was resting a few steps away from Sirius's hand. "Snuffilfors!" The water glass transfigured itself into a brown mouse, which scurried across the table and into the armhole of Sirius's robe. It perhaps wasn't Harry's most inventive diversion, but it did the trick. Sirius let out a loud exclamation that Harry was sure wasn't classroom appropriate, causing Remus to break his stare. Harry saw his opportunity and bolted. "Wait!" He heard Sirius bellow as he slid behind the tapestry at the end of the corridor, wrenching the door shut behind him. "You're an idiot, Harry," he told himself again, before flicking his wrist to wandlessly blow out the slow-burning candles at the far side of the room. Tomorrow was Saturday, which meant lunch in Hogsmeade. Tonks and Teddy were on holiday with Ted and Andromeda, which meant that it would just be he, Remus, and Sirius. They'd surely have a lot to say about their adventure this evening—and plenty of Playwitch jokes, no doubt. He'd better work on his poker face. .