tears. "Oh, Mum," she cried as she felt her Mum's arms enfold her. "He's hurt so bad." She heard her Mum shushing her and telling her that Harry would be alright and she fervently prayed that she was right. It was a thoroughly exhausted Ginny that returned to the Burrow. She was doubly surprised when her mum sent her up to her room to have a bit of a lie in before dinner, not that Ginny was going to complain. It seemed she had just laid down and closed her eyes that she felt someone give her a small shake. "Wake up, Ginny. It's time for dinner," her mother said. Ginny blinked groggily, her eyes darting to the clock beside her bed first. She was surprised to see an hour and a half had passed. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she sat up. "M comin," she mumbled. To her surprise, her mother was still standing there. "We're going to have a talk, young lady, after dinner. Understand?" Nodding her head, Ginny knew there was no getting out of it, she'd broken the rules and been caught, though she hadn't really tried not to this time. She knew in her heart she had been where she needed to be. Now all she had to do was convince her mother of that. Dinner was a rather sombre affair, though it wasn't completely silent, all conversations were subdued and without the normal boisterous element that was the norm in the Weasley household. All to soon for Ginny's liking dinner was over and as she rose to help clear the table her mother gave a nod of her head towards the stairs. With a sigh, Ginny stopped what she was doing, leaving the clean-up to her father and brothers while her mum followed her to her room. Ginny sat contritely on her bed as her mother came in and closed the door behind her. Ginny tried to get a read on her mother but found it hard to do. Her face showed her annoyance but she could see the traces of a slight smile there too. Ginny just hoped for the best. Uncharacteristically her mother didn't lay right into her. "Well, what do you have to say for yourself?" Molly asked eventually. Ginny could see her mother's small smile as her own eyes widened in surprise as she wondered about this new tactic. Taking a deep steadying breath, she let it out slowly. "I . . ." she began hesitantly. Then squaring her shoulders and looking her mother square in the eyes she said "I needed to be there." Molly's eyebrows immediately shot up. "Oh, really?" she asked, increduously. "Yes," Ginny replied resolutely. Molly gave her a contemplative look before she came over and sat down next to her daughter. "Care to explain that?" she asked curiously. Ginny sighed deeply, her shoulders sagging. She was looking off, her head shaking back and forth imperceptibly. Her mouth opened and closed a couple of times as she tried to form her chaotic thoughts in some semblance of order. She turned and looked at her mother plaintively. "I can't really explain it other than that deep in here," she said, placing her hand over her heart, "that I need to be there." Molly just looked at her for several moments. "Are you sure it's not here," she said tapping Ginny's head, "and not here," she said, tapping Ginny's chest. Ginny nodded her head, not knowing how else to explain what she was feeling. Deep inside she was sure she needed to be there for Harry, she just couldn't explain it any better than that. Molly studied her daughter carefully. She could see something in her daughter's eyes that spoke of some deep commitment, a resolve and a strength of conviction. She knew, being part of the magical world, that there were sometimes forces at work that defied normal explanation. "Okay, Ginny. We'll work something out, but that doesn't excuse your actions. You will have to be punished for that." "Yes, Mum," Ginny whispered, accepting the responsibility for what she had done. "Besides your normal chores you are to spend at least one hour in the morning doing your summer assignments before you will be allowed to visit Harry after lunch. You are to be home for dinner every evening, no exceptions. Have I made myself clear?" Molly said. Ginny looked at her mother in shock. She would have never believed what she had just heard if she hadn't experienced it. Nodding her head she agreed, to shocked to say anything. Molly patted her hand. "I may also ask you to do a little extra, but I won't make things to onerous for you," she said with a smile. "Now come on and join the family in the parlour," she added as she stood. Ginny sprung up and enveloped her mother in a tight hug. "Thanks, Mum," she said emotionally. XX HP + GW XX Harry awoke for lack of a better term. For a moment he looked around in a panic, expecting to see his uncle still attacking him. Instead he found himself in a place that was shrouded in a soft white light. He lay there contemplating where he was and what was happening when he heard a melodious voice off to the side. "Well, this is certainly a fine mess you've gotten into." Startled, he looked at the speaker, his eyes widening in shock. "Mum? Dad?" he said in disbelief. XX HP + GW XX A/N: Had most of this sitting on my hard drive for quite some time, almost a full year and decided it was time to do something with it. It will be fairly short, maybe five chapters or so. I know I should be updating my other stories that are underway and I will, I promise but this just screamed at me. I hope you enjoy it and please, leave a review, it warms my heart when you do so.