breasts before moving on, down to her aching centre. Harry's hand touching her only increased the ache deep inside of her and she broke off the kiss, moaning "I want you inside me." Harry let instinct guide him as he positioned himself between Ginny's legs. Ginny ran her one hand up through Harry's hair, bringing his lips back to hers and as she kissed him deeply, she reached down and took hold of his throbbing member, lining it up with her virginal opening. Harry moaned as he felt the tip of his manhood being enveloped by the hot, wet entrance to her womanhood. The tip was only in a little when he felt the resistance of her maidenhead. He paused a moment trying to consider the best way to proceed but Ginny was having none of that. She reached down with both hands and grabbed his arse cheeks and pulled hard as she thrust her hips forward, forever removing the obstruction to her hot velvety tunnel. Her action drove Harry about half way inside, causing her to gasp lowly at the pain she felt as her virginity disappeared. Harry froze, knowing he had hurt her but after a moment to let her adjust to having him inside her, Ginny began to slowly thrust her hips forward, driving him deeper inside. Harry moaned into her throat as he felt himself being enveloped further by her hot, wet, slick sheath and he began to make small thrusts, aiding Ginny in fully seating him inside of her. Slowly at first, they rocked together, establishing a rhythm before Harry began to thrust more vigorously. Ginny's minor discomfort disappeared as Harry began to thrust in and out of her and she moaned appreciatively as waves of pleasure rippled through her, beginning to satisfy the ache she had been feeling deep inside. Harry couldn't believe how wonderful it felt as Ginny's velvety tunnel clung to his manhood with her hot, slick wetness. Ginny was in heaven. While she had loved what Harry had done to her with his mouth and fingers and it had been more intense, she found she preferred what they were now experiencing. Not only did she love having Harry inside of her and found it more fulfilling. She loved having him laying on top of her, the warm feeling caused by their skin to skin contact, the way he was holding her, kissing her, even the wonderful added pleasure she was experiencing as his chest rubbed her breasts and nipples as he thrust in and out. It was more all encompassing, more complete and she knew she never wanted to share that with anyone else. She grabbed his arse tighter and wrapped her legs around his, wanting him even deeper, closer as if they'd never separate again. Harry felt Ginny shift slightly, wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in even tighter, deeper and he felt his pleasure increasing with the slight angle change. Beyond his pleasure he found his love for her growing and he knew there would never be anyone but Ginny for him. Spurred on by her actions, he began to increase the speed of pounding his hard manhood into her, causing more pleasure for both of them. He felt his bollocks tightening and a pressure growing in his groin, letting him know he wasn't going to last much longer. Ginny felt Harry increase his speed and there was an urgency that she hadn't felt before and she knew he was going to cum soon. This fuelled her own desire and she felt the pressure growing inside and she knew she was as close as he was to gaining their release. Ginny moaned deeply, feeling the pressure break loose, filling her with the most exquisite pleasure she had ever felt and she felt herself clamping down on his manhood, adding more to what she was experiencing. Harry felt Ginny's sheath clamp down on his manhood as she found her release. Without really withdrawing, he thrust even deeper, Ginny's actions triggering his own release, filling her with his essence. Ginny felt Harry's hot fluids filling her, adding a new level to the pleasure she was feeling and she moaned into his mouth as she gave herself over to what they were sharing. Harry felt his manhood spasm one last time and he collapsed down on the love of his life, basking in the afterglow of their coupling. Ginny sighed contentedly, her whole body tingling with the after-effects of their love making. She hugged Harry tightly to her body, hoping he felt as wonderful as she did. She gave him a tender kiss, trying to let him know just how much she had enjoyed herself and how much she loved him. Harry returned her kiss, feeling her love for him and he felt his own love for her growing even more, something he had thought impossible. Their eyes opened and they stared into each others, each glowing with the love they had for one another. Ginny smiled lovingly. "Happy Birthday," she whispered. Harry kissed her tenderly, knowing that he'd just had the best birthday present he'd ever have in his life. Harry felt her shift under him and he thought he might be too heavy for her, lying on her as he was. He began to try and roll off of her but she tightened her grip on him with her arms and legs, refusing to let him move. Harry looked at her questioningly. Ginny just smiled at him and gave a small thrust with her hips. "I thought we might have another go," she whispered seductively. Harry felt his manhood throb inside of her and he began to thrust slowly into her receptive opening, thinking "Happy Birthday Indeed," before he lost himself in making love to her again. Harry and Ginny A/N: A different look at how Harry's and Ginny's birthday kiss could have gone. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, please leave a review. I'll appreciate it.