forward and at the floor. "Go ahead and look Slave, I know you want to so I give you permission to do so," Ginny chuckled, unable to contain her mirth. Hermione slowly looked back under her body and she gasped when she saw a horse's tail hanging down. Harry had inserted a butt plug that had it attached to it. She flinched when he swatted her arse cheek. "You are to keep it in at all times until tomorrow night when I'll remove it when we come back here," Harry directed. "Yes Master," she replied meekly. She almost blurted out her question but then caught herself in time. "Master, may I ask a question?" she asked softly. Harry paused just long enough for her to think he wasn't going to respond and then he said, "Yes you may, Slave." "Master, what should I do if I need to use the loo before then?" she asked, blushing furiously. Hermione heard Harry and Ginny chuckle softly and she blushed even deeper. "If you can't hold it, you have our permission to remove your tail to go but then you must put it back in place, understand, Slave?" Harry answered, sounding quite amused. "Yes, Master," she sighed. She had hoped she'd be able to remove it, using the excuse of having to use the toilet but obviously that ploy wouldn't work and she resigned herself to keeping the tail. Hermione was contemplating how uncomfortable it was probably going to be sitting in class when she felt her leash being jerked. Giving in to the pressure, she found that Ginny had her leash and was indicating for her to turn around. She felt herself blaze in humiliation as she was led around like some sort of pet or animal. Hanging her head, she let Ginny walk her around a short distance before she was brought to a halt right in front of Harry. "Suck him off," Ginny ordered sternly. "Yes, Mistress," she muttered as she lifted her head and opened her mouth. She shuddered as the memory of Harry fucking her throat came to mind and it made her realize that her throat was sore and achy from the abuse it had suffered. She also realized she didn't have a choice if she didn't want to be punished. She sighed in relief when Harry just let her take him into her mouth and begin to bob her head, feeling him get harder as she did so. A couple of moments later she felt a hard quick stinging sensation and she opened her eyes and glanced to the side. She saw Ginny holding some sort of riding crop, her hand partially raised as she glared at her. "Take him completely into your throat," Ginny growled, her eyes flashing. Hermione slipped him out of her throat, "Yes Mistress," she replied hurriedly before she took him back in her mouth. She closed her eyes once again and began to work his shaft deeper and deeper into her throat until she had the whole thing engulfed. She felt some momentary satisfaction when she heard Harry grunt appreciatively but then she concentrated on bringing him to orgasm so she could rest her sore and tired throat. Twice more she felt the sting of Ginny's blows, urging her to hurry up as they didn't have all night. Hermione had to fight her tears but she finally completed her task and she sighed in relief when Harry came deep in her throat and let her remove her mouth from his manhood. She knelt there on all fours, swallowing and trying to clear her throat when Ginny gave her leash a sharp tug, gaining her attention. "You may get dressed, Slave," the redhead snapped. It was then that Hermione noticed that Ginny was already dressed and that Harry was putting on his clothes. Wearily, Hermione crawled over to where she spotted her clothing and after receiving a nod from Ginny when she glanced at her questioningly, she stood up to get dressed. She groaned as she felt her back and limbs protest, having been kneeling and crawling for quite some time, and that was on top of everything else her body had been through. It was only then that Ginny unsnapped her leash, allowing her to get dressed unencumbered by having her neck and head controlled. "Thank you, Mistress," she said hoarsely, remembering at the last moment. Ginny just stared at her uncompromisingly and gave a curt nod of her head. As Hermione got dressed, she was happy that she didn't wear knickers any more as with her tail in they would have been exceedingly uncomfortable. The only thing she hoped was that the tail didn't show from under her robes. She would be mortified if that happened and she knew she wouldn't have been able to live something like that down. She only hoped that Harry wouldn't require her to wear it too long. As she finished getting dressed, she sigh dejectedly when she saw Harry and Ginny sharing a deep passionate kiss. She felt her pussy spasm. Wishing it was her that Ginny was kissing. She stood there with a sad longing look, watching as Harry and Ginny groped one another, both moaning softly. Finally, Ginny glanced over and saw that Hermione was dressed and she smiled maliciously. "Come, Slave. It's time to return to the common room. We don't want to be caught out after curfew," she said with disdain. Hermione nodded sadly and followed the pair from the Room of Requirement, knowing that her life was now totally different. She was now Ginny's and Harry's slave and she knew they were going to take great delight in tormenting her. Harry and Ginny A/N: So, Ginny and Harry have started their revenge on Hermione for her attempt to rape Ginny. Her whole life has changed and while she's reluctant, she's coming to accept her new position in life. I hope you enjoyed it, if so please leave a review.