outraged look on the Weasley matriarch's face and he quickly dropped his head back behind hers. He knew there was no doubt as to what they had been doing. The blanket had slipped down to his knees and with Ginny's fiery hair splay over the pillow, her arms and legs wrapped around him and his arse sticking up between them, it was painfully obvious what activity they had been engaged in. "Ginevra Molly Weasley!" Molly shouted angrily. "Just what do you think you are doing?" Ginny rolled her eyes, trying but failing to squelch her rising anger. "I'm fucking the man I love and whom I'm going to marry," she snapped hotly, her eyes blazing with her anger. Molly's eyes widened in shock and she stood there frozen in place. Ginny sighed. "Mum, we'll be down shortly to discuss everything," she said tiredly. Molly blinked rapidly for several moments. "All right young lady, but don't think you've heard the end of this," she huffed in displeasure before she turned and stalked away. Ginny watched her go, jumping a little when Harry asked, "Is she gone yet?" She rolled her eyes. "Yes, oh Brave One," she said sarcastically. Harry began to chuckle. "I can't believe you said that to your mum." Ginny buried her head back into the side of Harry's neck. "Damn, and I wanted to have at least one more go," she sighed sadly. Harry raised his head just enough to look her in the eyes, his flashing mischievously. He slowly began to move inside of her once again and he leaned in and kissed her hotly. Ginny moaned as she gave herself over to his kiss and began to move under him once more, thinking " I guess Mum will just have to wait." Soon that though flew from her mind as she once more revelled in the sensations that Harry was causing as he thrust deeply inside of her. She fisted one hand in his unruly raven locks, crushing his mouth to hers, intensifying the kiss they were sharing. The other hand drifted down his back, clutching his arse, pulling him deeper into her hot, wet, welcoming centre. As sensitive as she was, she knew she wasn't going to last long and she found herself wanting it more that ever. All too soon for her liking she felt the pressure inside of her break loose, sending her cascading over the precipice. As she began to come down the other side, she realized that Harry wasn't stopping and she felt the pressure begin to grow and grow, sending her skyrocketing back up again. Once again she found herself tumbling off the top, spiralling down, lost in the intense, exquisite sensations she was experiencing. Then as she became aware of her surroundings, she realized Harry was still pounding into her and she found she loved it and wouldn't have traded places with any woman in the world. Higher and higher she felt herself rise, glorying in what she and Harry were sharing. Just when she thought she'd lose her mind from the intensity of the pleasure she was experiencing, she heard and felt Harry grunt out her name as he exploded inside of her, sending a electric like jolt bursting throughout her body. She briefly compared it to the sensation of the Cruciatus that she had experienced but this was the polar opposite, firing every nerve in her body with such exquisite pleasure she screamed as blackness took her. Ginny slowly became aware of her surroundings and she smiled as the after effects of her orgasm echoed through her, She felt like every nerve was still glowing with the unbelievable pleasurable sensations that she had experienced. Harry was holding her tenderly, softly calling her name. She could tell he was worried by the sound of his voice. "I'm fine, more than fine," she giggled softly as her eye fluttered open. She found Harry's emerald eyes inches from hers and she gently reached up and caressed his cheek. "That was fucking amazing," she whispered, staring into his eyes lovingly. Harry caressed her cheek in return. "Are you sure you're okay?" he asked softly, his voice still filled with concern. Ginny couldn't help herself. "No, I don't think I can move right now," she teased. When she saw his eyes widen, she giggled. "Yes I'm fine. It's just I've never experienced anything so wonderful, so all encompassing, so fulfilling," she replied lovingly. "I think you've ruined me," she laughed. She saw Harry relax and he leaned in and gave her a tender kiss. "You had me worried. I'd never heard of a woman passing out because of sex," he whispered with a grin. "Face it Harry, nothing you do is ever going to be ordinary," she teased, her eyes dancing merrily. "So you won't be adverse to doing this again?" he asked roguishly. "Harry, if it's half as wonderful as what I just experienced, we'll be wearing out beds faster than a Firebolt can fly," she grinned back at him. "Though I think my body has had as much as it can handle for the moment," she sighed with a soft smile. "Then I guess we don't have an excuse to stop us from getting up and going down to see your parents," Harry replied with a wry grin. "Let's wait and talk a bit before we do," Ginny suggested softly, loathed to move at the moment. "That sounds like a good idea," Harry replied, shifting over and pulling her into his side, giving her a tender, loving kiss. Ginny whimpered softly when she felt Harry slide out of her. Though she hadn't realized he was still inside of her, she keenly felt the loss of him leaving her body. "So, lets discuss what we're going to say," she said softly. Harry and Ginny A/N: Because this story is taking on a life of its own, I've decided to continue it as a separate multi-chapter story. I'm sure you won't mind.