a frown as he stared at her for several moments and he was taken by surprise when she just waited for him to answer. Finally he nodded, though he still didn't look happy. Please follow me," the Professor said quietly. She turned and headed off down the stairs, to her office that was located off the first floor corridor. After opening the door she ushered him inside, closing the door after her. She led him to a small sitting area by the huge fireplace that dominated the one wall where they sat down. There hadn't been seat for more that a few seconds when a house elf popped in, setting a tray with a teapot, two cups and saucers, a plate of biscuits, a sugar bowl and creamer set and a small bowl with lemon slices. Minerva served and offered Harry the plate of biscuits, glancing at him occasionally, trying to get a good read on him. She sighed when she could tell he was upset, though she was glad that it wasn't as bad as before. Harry watched McGonagall carefully, knowing well he was under her scrutiny as much as she was trying to hide it. Growing up the way he did, he had to be extremely aware of everyone around him. After Harry had taken a bite of one of his biscuits and they both had taken sips of their tea, Minerva looked at Harry sadly. "I owe you an explanation," she stated softly, her voice laden with sadness. Harry just stared back at her impassively, giving nothing away. "I should have known you'd figure it out," she said ruefully. She sighed and shook her head sadly. "I knew it was a bad idea to get so close to you but I just couldn't help myself. I knew what kind of people your relatives were and I told Albus you shouldn't be left in their care but he insisted," she continued, not really looking at Harry. Harry could tell she was thinking about the past. He gave her a questioning look when she said the name Albus, wondering who he was. Minerva saw his questioning look. "Albus is Professor Dumbledore," she explained. Harry frowned, wondering what right did the Headmaster have in placing him with his relatives. "What is it?" she asked, seeing his frown. "What right did he have in placing me with my relatives. People you know hate and despise me. You've seen how they treat me. Didn't my parents have a will? They would never have wanted me sent to my Aunt, I've heard her tell my Uncle about how she never got along with my Mum once she started school here. So just why?" Harry fumed, his voice raising as he spoke. "I'm sorry, but I don't know the answer to those questions," Minerva sighed sadly. "Back then things were quite chaotic and many things were done in haste. I know that your parents had a will but I don't know what became of it or if it was ever read after their deaths." Harry stared at her unhappily. Minerva could see the conflicting emotions of anger and sadness warring on his face. "Why didn't you ever help me?" he finally asked, softly but intensely. Minerva briefly closed her eyes, trying to control her emotions, having dreaded the chance that Harry would ask that very question. The problem was she didn't have a good answer for him. Going over them in her mind, even she found them inadequate. When she opened her eyes, she looked at him with a look of shame on her face. "I'm ashamed to admit that I don't have a good answer for that," she muttered sadly. "In part because I was told that you were okay and needed to be there but after I saw how you were treated, I know I should have done something but for some reason I continued to delay doing so. I . . . I listened to someone else, when I had reason to doubt what they were saying. In reality I really have no defence for my actions. I hope you'll forgive me," she entreated softly. Harry stared at her for several moments, digesting what she had said. "How can I ever trust you?" he asked sadly, though it was touched with anger. "All I can do is promise to do better in the future," Minerva replied hopefully. "Does that mean you'll help me so I don't ever have to go back there?" Harry asked fervently. Minerva felt like she'd been stabbed in the heart. "I . . . can't promise anything at this time," she replied painfully. Harry gave her a look of supreme disappointment. "May I go now?" he asked dejectedly. Barely keeping herself together, Minerva nodded, knowing she'd let him down once again. As Harry rose and headed for the door, she called out, "I'll try and see what I can do." Harry paused for a second but made no other response and slowly continued his way back to the Gryffindor common room, realizing that he really was alone in the world and if something were to be done, it was up to him to do it. The only good thing he could think of was that he had nine months to figure it out. Minerva watched Harry leave, knowing she'd let him down once again. Her mind warring with her conscience about doing what was right as opposed to what was easy. The problem was she didn't know what the answer was on how to help the young boy who desperately needed it. She realized she had a lot of thinking to do before school let out in June. Harry and Ginny A/N: Not a particularly happy chapter, but something I could see really happening. I had briefly considered it for a Bits and Bobs chapter but since it isn't a Harry and Ginny story I decided to post it separately. As always your reviews are greatly appreciated.