and rummaged around before taking out a cigarette and shoving it into his mouth. If there was one thing he had to admit, it was that if the Muggles had done anything right, then it was this thing that they called a smoke. This was one of the rare habits that he had managed to acquire from observing and emulating the Muggleborns. Kicking his feet back, he shuffled around for a lighter when he found his brief moment of reprieve being brought to a halt by a silky and familiar voice close to his ear. "You're late, Mr. Malfoy." Not wanting to take any more risks, Draco unsheathed his wand and pointed the tip of it at the speaker. Staring at the other man with a cool and calm demeanor, he collected his wits and responded, "Prove to me that you are who you say you are and not just someone who has morphed themselves to look like you, Snape." "Very well," the former Potions professor replied as he nodded. "Though I hope you realize that this exercise is futile; if I was able to identify you from a distance then I could've easily had you captured or disposed of – that is, if it were my intentions." Snape quietly fixed the cuffs to his robe before straightening out his collar and telling him in a dry tone. "As I recall, you came to my office and complained about being transformed into a ferret…" "Enough," Draco hissed back as a light tint of pink crept up to his cheeks. "I lost track of time and had to avoid traveling on certain roads if I wanted to keep my head on my shoulders." Not bothering to linger on the subject, Snape raised an eyebrow before commenting, "I'm surprised that you know what those are. Cigarettes, Mr. Malfoy?" Draco shrugged while he replied back, "It's much better than a Calming Draught..." pausing, he then added, "...tastes better too." The two paused in their conversation when a few people passed by their position and only continued when they were left alone. "So, how is my mother doing?" "Draco," Snape began to say, steering the conversation to a different topic. "I believe I have a temporary solution for your troubles." Draco knew that Snape was avoiding the question, but he knew that time was short and that there wasn't any time to spare for pleasantries. Still, it would've been nice to get an update on his family – especially his mother. Nodding, Draco motioned for him to continue. "Come to Hogwarts with me," Snape said in a matter-of-fact tone. "Huh?" was the most intelligible response that Draco could come up with when he heard the proposition. "Could you care to repeat that? Because I could've sworn that my godfather was suggesting something absurd." "I said for you to accompany me when I go to school." "Yeah, I thought that's what you said and what I want to ask you is, are you out of your bloody mind? Do you not remember what happened there?" Draco stopped himself before gritting his teeth and continued, "Well, no, of course you do, you were the one that performed it. But bloody hell, you think they'll just let you waltz right back in after everything you and I have done? You know that the Light is also out to capture me, right? Wait, is that what you were going to do? Was that your plan all along?" As soon as he said this, Draco attempted to leave his seat, but Snape swiftly grabbed him by the shoulder and shook his head. "You would do well to remember that we aren't exactly in the friendliest of places. Besides, do you not remember the oath that I swore to your mother? The pull of the spell is still ringing inside of me, so no; the thought of betraying you or abandoning you did not cross my mind." When Draco sat back down on the stool, Snape pressed on further. "As I was saying, Hogwarts is considered neutral ground by both the Light and Dark and it is still headed by McGonagall. Now, how long it will remain as such is a mystery even to me, but it would appear as though both the Dark Lord and the Light Side are in agreement to leave it alone." The ex-Potion professor then cocked an eyebrow. "I will go first to explain the situation and ensure your safety. The only thing you will have to do is most likely disarm yourself of your wand and cooperate with the forces that have taken residence inside of the school." Draco scratched his head in frustration. There were so many questions going through his mind and it didn't help that it was Snape's instructions that he was following the entire time. He knew about his godfather being a double agent for both the Light and Dark, but, which side did he truly favor, he wondered. Was he merely being assisted and held in this position until he could be used to garner further support from either side? Draco wanted to throw everything away, reject the proposal, and simply walk out of the dirty bar. However, he already knew that the decision was made for him, again, without his consent. Could he say that he truly had a choice in the first place? How long could he survive by trying to avoid both sides of the war on his own? Rubbing the base of his nose, he then muttered, "Alright then… what's the plan? At least give me something so I can have a rough guideline as to what you want to do. I'm not going in there like a blind Gryffindor; Merlin knows how that ever works out for those idiots." [She told me that their journey to Hogwarts went without a hitch] Author's Note: Cleaned up the chapter, added some contents, clarified some thing's and walah! There we go, a bit more easier to read