tried to open his mouth, nothing would come out from it. Now that he thought about it, what could he say in a situation like this? He didn't want to admit it, but for the first time in his life, James felt completely and utterly defeated. The events that followed were all a big blur for James. He knew that his mother, Dorea, had eventually come to pick him up. There were some questions that were asked of him along with some fussing injected in between. A few other things came to pass but his mind was unable to focus on anything else that was happening around him. Banging his head against his desk, James buried his face underneath his arms. He felt like a total disgrace to the Potter name. When he compared himself to the Evans girl, he knew that he had lost to her in every single category. "She's right, so what if my father is Fleamont Potter? That really doesn't mean anything if I'm not as great as him, right?" James bitterly thought to himself. Raising his head up, his eyes fluttered through all of the excellency that he had demonstrated through the school year. He then settled upon the mirror where he could his miserable reflection. "I..." James reached out and touched the mirror before angrily giving it a kick. Since when did he start doubting himself? So what if one girl beat him up to this point? He was the successor of the Potter line, and until she appeared, he was considered the best of the best. "I'll make her regret ever making me doubt myself!" James boisterously declared inside the room. When he was able to come to his senses, James immediately had his parents cancel all of his after school supplementary lessons. His parents were confused by this sudden turn of events, but his resolution was set. He was determined to beat Evans with his own strength. The year was fast coming to an end and every student had to attend a session with the guidance counselor. Even though most children already knew what they were going to do, it was still a good chance to speak to another person for a different perspective. James Potter crossed his arms while leaning back against the wall. Nothing had changed since the revelation, with Evans consistently topping him on the charts. But, this time he did not allow it to consume him. Sure he would get frustrated at the prospect of only being the second best, however, he took it all in stride for the time being. "I wonder what the counselor is going to ask since he should already know what my plan for the future. Is Evans going home by herself again? Maybe I should go and check on her...just in case she fails so that I can be there to make fun of her!" "James Potter," a voice called out from the office, "It's your turn, please come in." Holding his head up high, James strutted into the room and sat comfortably on the seat across the counselor. Crossing his right leg over his left, he then folded his arms at the back of his head before saying, "So, you already know what I'm going to be doing, is there a problem here?" The older man shook his head and answered, "No, everything's in order. Your grades and finances are in perfect order, you should be able to go to any school that you desire." "Well obviously," James said with a cocky smirk on his face. "But that isn't the point, if I'm never able to beat Evans, then none of this will matter." "Oh, I see," the counselor said, raising an eyebrow and flipping through his notes. "Well, if I remember correctly...yes, here it is. Evans won't be taking any of the specialized entrance exams and will instead be going to a public school." James didn't bother staying for the remainder of the counseling session, instead opting to find his arch-rival. Thankfully, he knew that she almost always went home straight away after school, never straying from this unless she was assisting a teacher. Luckily, this wasn't one of those days. Rushing over to the entrance of the school, he screamed out her name, "Evans!" Having made a mad dash from the office to this location, James had to take a few minutes to catch his breath. Shaking his head, he then began to gasp out, "You...you..." Looking at him with a bit of curiosity, she answered back, "Yes, Potter?" Managing to gather his wit, he then asked her, "After everything that you've done here, you're just going to go to a public school?" Stomping his feet onto the ground, he then balled his hands into a fist before saying, "So, are you just gonna run away after you've won here?" Lily, rightly confused by the accusation, stared at him with a blank expression while saying, "Hm?" James pointed to her and continued to explain, "You do know that it's only those that failed to pass the entrance exams that go to public schools, right?" Becoming a bit bored with the conversation, she shrugged before asking him, "Well, are you going to one of those selective schools that were established for the rich, noble, pureblooded families, Potter?" Regaining a modicum of his ego, he closed his eyes and proudly said, "Of course! I am one of the elite after all. Birds of the same feather tend to flock together after all Evans." Lily let out a small sigh before responding, "I suppose I'll feel a bit lonely. Well, bye." Turning her back to her classmate, she began to wonder what she was going to have for supper. On the other hand, James stared at her leave while hearing her words echo through his mind. I suppose I'll feel lonely... I suppose I'll feel lonely... I suppose I'll feel lonely... Bye. That was how James Potter ended up going to Hogwarts.