protect them. The garbage and pumpkins ought to have been a big enough distraction for someone, anyone, to get rid of the big meany for good. Harry struggled to get his arms free and look over his mother's shoulder as the tip bad man's wand glowed a scary green colour. Before the spell could leave the wand Harry did the only thing he could do... Lucius POV "Avada Keda-ugghh" Lucius could only watch in shock, still too far away to do anything else, as the baby in Lily's arms somehow banished a dirty, stinky, crap filled diaper from the nearby change table into the the dark lords open mouth, effectively gagging him before he could finish the curse. Harry POV Harry watched as the Snake-man tugged at the diaper that was quite literally stuck to his have with one hand, gesturing wildly with his wand in the other. Harry glared at the offending magical tool before making grabby hands at it. "Wand!" Harry yelled, forcing the bad man's wand to zoom into his tiny baby hands. Quickly, before mommy could turn around to see what the hold up was, Harry pointed the wand the bad man and though of what he wanted. It was oh so funny for him, not so much for the snake-git. Lucius POV The scene he walked in on was something he would never forget...and to be honest with himself, something he never WANTED to forget. Decades later he would look back and still laugh at the hilarity of it all. In the corner of the smallish room was Lily, jaw dropped, eyes bulging (though in a ridiculous cute way) at the scene holding a slightly glowing wand weilding baby in her arms. On the other side of the room was the Dark Lord...who was floating upside down, his mouth gagged with a dirty diaper, antlers growing out of his head, covered in pink and purple polkadotted fur, dressed in what could by any terms be called a sparkling muggle ball gown. To add to all this he appeared to be slowly shrinking. "Holy Shit!" Lucius burst before laughing hysterically. Unfortunately shrinking the Dark Lord had the side effect of removing the diaper-gag from his mouth. "Lucius!" Voldemort - now the size of a small pop can - screeched, his helium high voice making Lucius fall the floor laughing. "Stop that infernal racket and FIX ME!" "Lily," Lucius gasped through his laughter. "Please tell me you have a wizarding camera!" Lily - still in shock- nodded, gesturing to the mantel above the fireplace. "Awesomeness!" Lucius grabbed the camera, checked for film - only three shots left - before taking the photos. One shot of the entire room with little Hadrian holding the Dark Lord's wand - which he had started twirlling for some reason - and the mini dark lord throwing yet another tantrum upside-down while doing fouettés. Another of the Dark Lord alone and the last of Peter Pettigrew who was still unconscious with the animated scarecrow standing guard). "So..." Lucius turned to Lily, flicking a silencing charm at the Dark Idiot. Voldemort had resorted to death threats and swearing when he realized that Lucius wasn't going to help him. "What should we do with the little cockroach?" "Well..." Lily cocked her head to the side in so adorable way of hers. "We could kill him or...I KNOW! Here hold Harry a sec would you?" Suddenly he found his arms filled with a slightly glowing baby as Lily darted from the room in a rush. Exasperated Lucius maneuvered the boy to rest on his hip making sure Harry could say in sight of the now belly-dancing upside-down in mid-air Dark Lord. Creepy. "So...how long do you think you can keep that up for?" Lucius asked the boy figuring he probably understood more that his parents realized considering the spells - or their approximations in any case - he had cast. "Hmmm...a 'ile. Orebber iny and urry dough." "Correct me if I am wrong little one but did you just say that the Dark Menace, the Supreme pain-in-my-ass, Mr. Snakey McSnake-Snake is forever the size of a nutcracker doll? And a furry one at that?" "Uh-huh!" Oh Shit, oh shit, oh f-ing bloody shit! "Lily!" "What now?" Lily asked as she came back into the room carrying what looking to be an owl cage. "According to your son, the shrinking spell he placed on the Dark Lord is, apparently, permanent." "Oh phooy! That means I didn't need to cast all those unbreakable strengthening charms or the prison wards or the anti-suicide ward or the silencing field or the..." "I get it Lily," Lucius said, touching his forefinger to her pouting lips to stop her rambling. "You essentially turned that owl cage into a portable mini-Azkaban minus the dementors. Let's just stuff the bastard in there, call for the aurors and figure out where we go from there yah? Plus I think Harry here is getting a little sleepy, aren't yah kiddo?" "Nuh-uh!" "Uh-huh!" Lily replied, using the capture and pull spell to direct the somehow still conscious and protesting Dark Lord into the cage, closing and locking it with more spells than Lucius cared to count. "UT mommy, ean old an wripped daddy ith oot'ide! eepy old an mommy! eh eepy old an!" "Looks like we'll be dealing with more than one dark lord tonight babe," Lucius sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as his head panged with all the possible scenarios and consequences of this particular revelation. "Evidently," Lily said placing the caged dark lord - who was still furry with antlers dressed in a ball gown but appeared to be at least content that he was no longer dancing or floating upside-down - on the coffee table before flopping onto the couch. "How bout we leave it for now...and deal with the old ass-hole later. We need to call the aurors first." "Good idea." Review if you love it! I certainly do lol!