seemed to arouse him more. "Oh. Well, I suppose that makes sense. You were going out for four years," she said, not seeming the slightest bit jealous or showing the slightest bit of annoyance in her voice. Instead, she moved toward Harry and slowly lowered herself down onto his cock, pausing for a moment at the head, and then impaling herself completely on him, breaking her hymen in the process. She gasped in pain, tears forming in her brilliantly silver eyes. Harry leaned over and wiped the tears away with a small swipe of his thumb, and smiled reassuringly at her. She smiled nervously and began to ride him up and down as Harry met her thrusts. Slowly, the pain for Luna, and she began to gasp and cry out Harry's name over and over again in abject pleasure. "Ah! Ahh! Harry! HARRY!" She screamed, riding faster and faster until they were little more than a blur together, each moving at an extremely fast pace, Harry pleasuring Luna in ways she never could have imagined. Harry and Luna could both feel the pleasure building greater and greater until they both felt that it could get no higher. Then, they screamed out each other's names as they climaxed, both cumming at the same time, releasing into the pool. After a moment of heavy breathing, Luna began to climb out. Harry wasn't quite satisfied, though, so he took her by her hips as she crawled out and pushed into her again, having already become hard again. Luna cried out, more in shock than in pain. She didn't stop him, though. Rather, she relaxed her muscles, and allowed Harry to thrust harder and faster into her over and over again. As he thrust, she felt the pleasure building further and further. When she could no longer contain herself, she began to cry out and scream Harry's name as he ravaged her insides, and came in her once more, spilling his seed again. Slowly, Luna and Harry made her way out of the pool, and laid on the cool, soft ground together for a moment before Harry felt himself getting hard again. It seemed impossible. How could he possibly be so damn horny? But then, he had learned to never discount anything with magic. He looked at Luna, who smiled and nodded, turning over onto her back and spreading her legs for him. Harry pushed in again, immediately drowning Luna in ecstasy once more. Harry thrust in and out of Luna again and again, screaming her name in unimaginable ecstasy, barely able to control himself. He pulled Luna up into a near sitting position, and put his arms around her back, rubbing small circles on it, and kneading gently as he leaned in and kissed her on the lips, hungrily kissing her as she kissed him back, even as he thrust as hard and fast as he could inside her, moaning and crying out her name as he came inside her once more. Normally, he would have been worried about getting her pregnant, having had sex with her so many times, but for some reason, his inhibition and reason seemed completely shot that night. After several long moments of heavy breathing and gentle kissing, Luna looked down and noticed that Harry was still hard. She was slightly tired, having done it three times already. Nonetheless, she got on her hands and knees and nodded for him to continue. So, he took her by her waist, and thrust into her for the fourth time, moving quite as hard in her as he had the last three times. It seemed that this haze, whatever it really was, gave him extra sexual stamina that night. He had never had that kind of energy with Ginny… Of course, he had never been in this particular situation with Ginny, in this room, either, which may well have been contributing. Not that he was complaining. He felt amazing. Pounding into Luna harder and faster than ever, he grunted viscerally as he plowed her over and over again, screaming in ecstasy, hardly able to feel the rest of the world around him as he came inside her womanhood for the fourth time. This time, a large amount of it leaked back out, dribbling down her smooth, silky buttocks and legs. Somehow, Luna had been re-energized, though, and she looked back cattily at Harry, leaning over and whispering in his ear. Harry nodded, and took her hips firmly in his hands and thrust hard into her ass, causing her to shriek in pain at first. Harry slowly moved inside her at first, not wanting to hurt her too much. Soon, though, she started crying out in pleasure. Harry took that as a sign, and began going faster and harder, slamming his penis into her ass, hitting her right where it felt best for her. She gasped and screamed in ecstasy as he hit her there over and over again, causing her legs and arms nearly to buckle. It took her all of her willpower not to collapse as he came harder than ever inside her, gritting his teeth hard as he did so. Shortly after he came inside her, she came as well, and finally, her legs gave out under her, causing her to fall to the cool, grassy earth, sighing in relief. She had never felt so satisfied. She had briefly gone out with Neville, though they had never slept together. Somehow, she had never quite felt right with Neville. She liked him, but her heart had always belonged to Harry. There was something about Harry that drew her to him. Maybe it was his understanding of her eccentricities, maybe it was just because he was nice to her when other students just teased her. But she loved Harry, and she was glad now that they were together. Slowly, forgetting about the party that they were both supposed to be at, she fell asleep in Harry's arms, warm in his embrace.