squeezed his hand. She whispered in his ear, and he looked at her surprised, "That's it, that's all I have to do to become Lord Potter?" he asked. She nodded her head. He pulled his wand from his back pocket, and aiming it at the ceiling intoned, "I Harry James Potter do take up my title of Lord Potter!" For a moment, he thought he was being pranked, but then the tip of his wand glowed a deep golden color. A small orb of light broke away from the glow and settled on Harry's right hand. When it dissipated, Harry was wearing his Head of House ring. "Wow!" said Harry impressed. Susan and Hannah giggled at his proclamation, while Neville had a huge smile on his face. It was not a fancy ring by any means, not like some of the gaudy rings he'd seen his uncle wear on some occasions. He liked this one; it was tasteful and understated, but beautiful nevertheless. Its gold band had the words 'vincit lux tenebris' inscribed on it. What he thought was the coat of arms of House Potter adorned the face, a rearing stag over crossed wands. "Each ring is different for each family, Harry, and you'll have to head to you vaults at Gringotts to find your family magic book that should contain the rings attributes. But it should have protection against most potions and poisons, as well as protection from mind magic in case someone tries to read your thoughts." "Read my thoughts? Really? People can do that?" asked a worried Harry. "Unfortunately, yes. It is a criminal act, but one that still happens. Not everyone can do it, as it takes years to master." answered Neville. Harry still held on to Susan's hand, taking a great deal of reassurance at the simple act. In the space of a few hours, Harry had gone from a lonely and friendless boy, to a boy who had friends and family. "Harry, when we reach the castle, things might get a little…dodgy. I hope you'll trust me enough to help you out?" said Neville with a serious tone. "Gran believes that the Headmaster is, for some odd reason, the main reason that you've been kept from the magical world for all these years." "The Headmaster of Hogwarts? I don't understand why the headmaster of a school would have any say in my upbringing?" asked Harry. "Along with being Headmaster, he is also the Chief Wizard of the Wizengamot. It's a position of great power, politically, that would allow him to take liberties where you are concerned." "Okay, fine, but I still don't see how he'd have any say in how or where I was raised. He could be the Queen of England and still have no say in anything that had to do with me!" "And that's the question we need answered, Harry. Gran says he was friends with your parents, maybe he thought he was doing the right thing?" "Putting me in a home where I was beaten and starved? How could that possibly be the right thing to do?" he asked as his temper started to rise again. Susan at this point could see that Harry was losing it, and merely holding his hand wasn't alleviating the pain and anger Harry was feeling. So she did the only thing she could think of, she stood up and boldly plopped herself on his lap! She looked deeply into his eyes, those verdant orbs she was beginning to fancy so much, "Harry, your life has been crap. Neville, and I for that matter, will do our best to make sure you never have to return to it. Neville's grandmother is a force not to be trifled with, and my Auntie is not someone you should piss off either! They have both obviously taken an interest in you; let them help…let us help." Harry was surprised at having the pretty young girl sit on his lap. As he looked into her eyes, the words she spoke resonated within him. She was right. He needed all the help he could get. He nodded to her, never taking his eyes from hers, "Okay, Susan, I need all the help I can get. Neville, lead the way, just don't surprise me anymore, okay? It wouldn't be cool for me to pass out in the middle of dinner!" The four passed the rest of the time on the train just talking and getting to know each other better. Susan had moved off Harry's lap, but still held on fiercely to his hand. "Why don't you boys go walk around a bit, Hannah and I have to change into our robes? It looks like we're getting close to the station." Harry reluctantly let go of Susan's hand, and walked out of the compartment accompanied by Neville. The girls opened the door and stepped out, allowing Harry and Neville to get into uniform. As Harry donned his robe, he noticed something on it that had not been there before. "Nev, what's this?" he asked, pointing at the badge over his left breast. Neville glanced up to Harry's robes, and smiled. "It's your badge of station. It marks you as Lord Potter. Only the Head of House can wear that emblem." he answered. Harry sighed loudly, "Could this day get any weirder?" Neville chuckled at that, "Harry, we haven't even gotten to the castle yet. I imagine things are about to get even more weird!" A/N Got a little stuck with "Fifth House". Well not stuck per se, more like I'm rewriting a bit of the next chapter that I didn't quite like. Erased about half the thing, and am now diligently working towards completing chapter 10. So as I was contemplating what a bastard writers block is, this idea struck me. So I typed. And this is the result. I will eventually get back to this one and write more. After "fifth house" anyways. 'vincit lux tenebris'- light conquers dark