had lost everything. His friends, his wife, Harry. Teddy was all he had left and perhaps…perhaps Teddy was better off without him. He had failed everyone, after all. Failed James and Lily by thinking Sirius the traitor, failed Sirius by letting him come to the Ministry that night, failed his wife by not protecting her from battle and now he had failed Harry by not stopping him from going to Voldemort. Everyone around him seemed to die. He would not let Teddy face the same fate. Remus' face hardened, he drew his wand and with a yell, he jumped into the fray before anyone could stop him. Hermione's wand slashed and dove as she, Ginny and Luna battled Bellatrix. Harry was dead. She couldn't quite wrap her mind around it and tried to force the thought away to concentrate on what she was doing. Bellatrix was holding them off easily, cackling madly every time she blocked a spell sent her way. Hermione's eyes narrowed in determination. She cast a nonverbal slicing hex, but Bellatrix was faster, blocking it and then countering with one of her own. Hermione felt the cut across her collarbone. "Didn't get enough before, Mudblood?" Bellatrix taunted. She flicked her wand and Luna was flung across the room. Hermione's first instinct was to rush to her friend, but she refocused and threw a stunner the Death Eater's way. Bellatrix simply laughed it off and sent another hex at Hermione, this one slicing through her sleeve where the word carved into her arm lay. Hermione gasped in pain but did not drop her wand. Bellatrix shot a spell at Ginny and she shrieked, her attention momentarily distracted by the odd angle her wrist now hung at. "Now, Bellatrix, hasn't anyone ever told you it's unsporting to pick on children?" a voice behind Hermione said. She nearly sighed in relief as Remus joined the duel. "Well, well, if it isn't the Order's pet werewolf," Bellatrix sneered, a nasty gleam in her eye. She began to duel Remus in earnest, mostly ignoring the two girls. "Episkey," Hermione said quickly and Ginny's wrist straightened with another grunt of pain from the redhead. Before either could cast anything else, the Death Eater cast something at them both that left them unable to raise their wand arms. They watched helplessly as Remus and Bellatrix continued to duel. "How nice it will be to dispatch of the rest of your little family," Bellatrix said with an evil grin, disdain dripping from the word 'family'. Remus faltered for a moment and Hermione gasped realizing that it must have been Bellatrix that had killed Tonks. The Death Eater laughed before sending the Cruciatus Curse Remus' way. "I'll have to pay my wayward sister a visit and make sure I've taken care of the little half-breed as well." Remus snarled as he fell to the floor, cursing Bellatrix even as he writhed in pain. Hermione felt the spell on her break and she lunged towards the older witch, casting a slashing hex. Bellatrix dropped the curse on Remus and spun, teeth bared in rage. Hermione grabbed Ginny and they ducked, whatever curse the Death Eater had cast flying harmlessly over their heads and hitting the stone wall behind them. Remus coughed from his position on the floor and tried to hit Bellatrix with a binding spell. Bellatrix, enraged, threw another curse at him. By the crack and Remus' scream, Hermione knew that his wand arm was broken. The Death Eater then rounded on the girls, but Hermione had dropped to her knees next to Remus. The killing curse left Bellatrix's wand, missing Ginny by a mere inch. Hermione was about to get back to her feet, when Molly Weasley came charging out of the crowd. "Not my daughter, you bitch!" Hermione could only watch in fascination as the Weasley matriarch began to duel, looking nearly as dangerous as Bellatrix herself. Remus tried to get to his feet to help Molly, but Hermione insisted that he remain on the floor. "She killed her," Remus snapped. "She killed my wife!" "I know, but your arm is broken, Remus," Hermione retorted. "You'll only get yourself killed too!" Remus muttered something under his breath, but before Hermione could ask what he'd said, he slumped in defeat. So many things happened after that, that later, Hermione would consider watching the memories in Professor Dumbledore's Pensieve, just so she could make sure she hadn't missed anything. When Molly dispatched Bellatrix, Hermione looked on in stunned disbelief. And then she and Remus gasped as Harry threw off his Invisibility Cloak and began to circle Voldemort. "Harry," Remus breathed. Hermione could feel the tears running down her cheeks at the sight of her best friend. "But how-?" Hermione simply shook her head. She had long given up figuring out how Harry always managed to get himself out of life or death situations. Everyone was silent as Harry and Voldemort circled each other and Hermione could not stop her mouth dropping open in shock when Harry revealed that Snape had not killed Dumbledore in cold blood after all. She glanced at Remus and saw the same surprise on his face, replaced instantly by what she could only call regret. She felt the same, but how were any of them to know? She held her breath as Harry explained that he was now the master of the Elder Wand, knowing what was coming from Voldemort. And when the green light erupted from his wand, she forced herself not to close her eyes, offered up a silent prayer and watched, transfixed, as Voldemort's body hit the floor. She glanced down at Remus who nodded once to her. "Go," he said and Hermione ran towards Harry, Ron joining her steps before she reached him, the Hall breaking into tumultuous shouts and cheers. She grabbed Harry and hugged him, felt Ron embrace them both, and thanked Merlin and every other deity she could think of that it was finally over.