ask." she nodded in agreement. Grabbing her things and making her way to class, Tracy was filled with dread and worry. Not only for herself and her family, but also for Daphne and hers; the fear was almost immobilizing. Distractedly, she made her way to the great hall, hoping to be able to get something to eat. "Ms. Davis?" asked a whispered voice from a shadowed corner. She quickly pulled her wand, and aimed it at where she thought the voice had come from. "Forgive me for frightening you, Ms. Davis; that was not my intent. Would it be alright to have a word with you for a moment, preferably in private?" Tracy recognized the face, but could not put a name to the ethereal blonde that stepped from the shadows. She looked at her with curiosity. "Oh, of course, forgive me Ms. Davis, I am Luna Lovegood." she said with a small smile. "Ms. Lovegood, intriguing as your request is, what could you possibly want to say to me?" she asked cautiously. "An 'icy' friend of yours bade me tell you that she and the midget are alright. Who's the midget? I didn't think we had any here in Hogwarts." Tracy gasped, her hands going to her mouth. She grabbed Luna by the hand and dragged her away to an unused classroom. Shutting the door behind her, she cast a notice-me-not charm on the door. She spun around and raised her wand, pointing it right between Luna's eyes as she closed the distance between them. "You, Lovegood, talk!" Luna raised an eyebrow at the Slytherin before her. "I'd advise you to point that wand elsewhere, Ms. Davis." Tracy snorted. "Please, you don't frighten me, Lovegood. Now, talk; what do you know of my friend?" "I'll tell you, after you put your wand down." Luna said softly. "I don't think so, Lovegood. Just answer my question!" she hissed back. Luna tilted her head to the side, appraising the witch before her. She took in a deep slow breath, and quicker than Tracy had seen anyone ever move, Luna had taken her wand from her grasp and kicked her legs out from under her. "I've been trained by the best, Ms. Davis." said Luna, placing Tracy's wand behind her ear. "Are we going to be able to have a civilized conversation now?" Tracy, defeated, nodded her head. "I didn't think you had that in you, Ms. Lovegood." "Luna, please, and no I don't think you ever expected me to fight back. My mentor always says that being underestimated is a good thing. I guess he proved himself correct." she said as she offered a hand to the prone witch. "Call me Tracy, Luna. And please, forgive me for that? I've been worried sick about Daphne since the other night. You caught me at a low point, and any news you have about her will be very welcome. So tell me, what happened?" "A friend of mine happened upon her on one of his nightly outings. She'd been beaten pretty severely from what I understand. My friend was able to get her to safety before Malfoy and his wand-polishers could harm her further." "Wand-polishers?" she laughed. "Her words, not mine. In any case, she and her sister are at their home and are safe for the moment." "Why would she communicate with you and not me?" "Because you are in imminent danger within Slytherin; she didn't want you to be put in even more danger by communicating with you directly. And so, she was able to correspond with me through my friend so that I'd pass on a message to you." "Friend, what friend?" "She said you'd be curious, but wishes you to trust her." "And why, exactly should I trust you. You could be making all this up." "I could; and yet I'm not. Daphne said to mention something about joining a knitting circle with Malfoy. Can I join too? I really do love to knit." Luna asked with bright eyed enthusiasm. "She's not coming back is she?" she asked in a whisper. "No, I don't think that that is in the future for your friend or her sister; my friend either, I suppose." Luna said wistfully. "Leave Hogwarts? I can't leave Hogwarts; my parents would never allow that." "The choice Tracy is of course yours to make. I am ready, as is Neville. We both actually thought we'd be leaving earlier and with a lot more people." she said dreamily. "Ugh...I'm so confused. But it's the right thing to do. I need to get out of here, without Daphne to watch my back my life expectancy has dropped dramatically." "To put it mildly." Luna agreed. "So, what then is the plan? When can we get the hell out of this gods be damned place?" "She said you were impatient, too, you know. You, like Neville and I, will have to wait until the plan is ready. Whether tonight, tomorrow, or next week, we just need to be ready. However, knowing the danger you face in your House, it will probably be tonight or tomorrow morning. I wish you to go and gather your things. You should prepare yourself, though, as I think she will come back to take you out of here. Gather what things you wish to bring with you and have them ready to leave at a moment's notice. Find me after dinner, we'll find a place to hide until they come for us." "There is nothing in my room I can't live without and I'd rather not go back there unless I absolutely have to." Luna nodded in agreement. "Very well, Tracy. After dinner meet us on the seventh floor. We've a place up there which will keep us safe from, well, everything, until they come to get us." ooOOooOOoo A/N Just something I had on my 'puter. Thought I'd put it up as an incentive to myself to work on it at some future date. Cheers!