at the thought from my previous life. My realizations when it came to Granger had made it perfectly clear to me that there was no way that muggleborns could actually be lesser than purebloods, and even before that I had been starting to have my doubts. Nothing I'd ever seen, regardless of how much blood-purity vitriol was shoveled onto me by my father, had proven otherwise. In fact, any time my father had started in on his anti-muggle speeches in this life, I had to completely tune him out, lest the disgust at how easily i had gulped up such horrid beliefs before make me sick. 'No, not really. My parents were a witch and wizard, but they died. I've been living with my mom's muggle relatives most of my life." A flare of anger pulsed through me at the thought, but I pushed it back down. Sure, I no longer believed Muggles were horrible as a principal, but no sane person would do something to cause the shadows that appeared in his eyes at the mention of his relatives, especially to a child. Clenching my jaw, I nodded slightly, remorse coloring my features. "I'm very sorry for your loss." for a moment, I debated what to say next. Certainly, it did not appear pleasant for him to talk about his muggle relatives, but something compelled me to help. No child should ever look like that, but i needed to confirm that my fears were indeed true. "Do they… treat you well? They don't have a problem with you being magical, do they?" My heart sunk when the boy let out a short bark of dark laughter. "A problem?No, I wouldn't call it that. More like an utter hatred for everything to do with magic... including me." The last two words slipped out of him in a whisper, but I still heard. Merlin, it must be even worse than I thought if his treatment at the hands of the muggles could elicit such a broken voice. Fighting the urge to look away in shame as memories of how I had so ignorantly mocked him for such things before flooded my mind, I held out my hand. "Well, I don't hate magic, so you don't need to worry about me. Artemis Malfoy, at your service." He hesitated for a moment, but then took the hand. "Um, nice to meet you, I guess. I'm Harry… Harry Potter." He looked like he was ready to bolt at any sign of over excitement about his name, but I surprised him by smiling softly. "Harry, huh? That's a good name." Apparently my nonchalance was unexpected, because Harry tilted his head curiously. "Have you… not heard of me? I thought I was supposed to be famous." My smile widened when I heard only curiosity in his tone. Just like my other life, he didn't seem to be one to brag about his title. "Of course I have. I merely thought it would be somewhat rude to go crazy over that. I doubt you enjoy the attention you have as it is." Harry's eyes widened, but after a second of staring at me as if I had grown an extra head, he nodded, a small smile of his own forming. "You're right. Thanks, for that. Everyone at the Leaky Cauldron went absolutely bonkers when they heard who I was." Suddenly, the image of a half dozen witches and wizards with beer mugs in their hands mobbing the small boy ran through my head, and I was forced to suppress a giggle. It was funny to think about. "Yes, well, Malfoys don't go bonkers. We're much too refined for that." I replied, with as haughty a sniff i could manage. Harry seemed to get the joke, and raised his eyebrows questioningly. "Oh, I'm so sorry milady. I didn't realize the Malfoys were royalty. Please don't chop off my head." When i heard his horribly fake formal voice, I couldn't hold it in anymore, I suddenly burst into laughter. It was… a nice feeling, actually. I had never before laughed like that. None of my friends in my previous life, which consisted of essentially Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy, and a few of the other simpering Slytherins, had ever shown really any sense of humor except mimicking my own, which was admittedly shallow. Now, to suddenly finding myself doubling over gasping as Malkins was forced to vacate the area, I realized just what I had been missing. I never really had friends, not really. They were allies, or in some cases minions, but never allies. Looking past Malkins's angry face to Harry's smiling one, however, I hoped that maybe, just maybe, I could fix that mistake as well. XXX Alright, I know I shouldn't be doing this. I already have several other stories going, and should probably focus my attention on them. Well,, don't worry. I won't be trying to put a heavy emphasis on this story. To be honest, I don't even know if it will go past this chapter. For now though, I'm simply doing it to remove stress and writer's block, since this requires very little planning. It is a simple time-travel story where I will attempt to simply write what happens as it comes. DOn't expect any deep worked plots or great big, overarching machinations with this story. I just wanted to do something with time travel, since it can be nice and fun and lighthearted, so here it is. Do try not to kill me in my sleep please, and I apologize for anything that may seem off-kilter with my thought processes for this. I'm sort of up past my bedtime, so if Artemis's thought process is random, I'm sorry. I will consider cleaning it up later, if necessary. Now, i think it's time for me to sign off. I hope you enjoy, and even though this is a sort of relaxation fic, your reviews and comments are still highly appreciated. See you sometime later! Bye!