tentatively, even Griphook's steps careful and measured. The goblin nation may have looked down upon humans as a whole, deeming them weak and squalid creatures with little of worth, but even they had to respect the power of wizard magic. Goblin enchanters had never been able to replicate many of the feats wizards could manage, despite centuries of trying, and though much of the metalwork and jewelcraft in this room was originally goblin in origin, the magic was wholly human. House Potter was an ancient family, and powerful. It made him uncomfortable to be surrounded by this much magic. As Griphook ruminated on the merits of human magic, Harry and Dudley were entering the vault slowly for a very different reason. The two boys were struck with awe at the surroundings, overwhelmed by the sheer power and majesty they were seeing. The magic called out to them as they stepped deeper and deeper into the vault, and slowly the two boys separated, drawn to different items whose magic seemed to resonate with them more. Harry, perhaps unsurprisingly, found himself pulled towards the bookcases, and the dusty tomes held within. When in front of one, he reached up, trailing a finger across the dusty leather bindings, his eyes tracing the words and letters written in more languages than he could count. He stopped, however, when the finger crossed a book with no name, embossed only with a silver griffin.A wave of curiosity overcame him, and he carefully hooked his finger over the top of the spine and pulled it out. As he lowered the book down, he inspected the front page, only to find the same symbol as before, and the back as well was similarly bare. With nothing else to do, he opened it to the first page, intent on reading and finding the name that way. As Harry was absorbed in his book, Dudley found himself drawn to a very different sort of item, as he picked up one of the ancient swords that was sticking out of a pile of Galleons, as Griphook had called them. It was an old thing, one that wouldn't have stood out in a fantasy novel about knights and dragons, but the blade appeared perfect, as it had been forged only the day before. Gleaming silver, it had a wicked edge that caught the torchlight and sent it dancing up and down the blade's length, while the pommel was perfectly smooth and easy to grip, fitting his hand as if it had been made for it up, he gave the thing a couple of short swings, wild and untrained though they were. It was light as a feather and perfectly balanced, slicing through the air with a whisper-quick ease. "Ah, a warrior. I'd thought as much."Dudley jumped as Griphook's gravelly voice came from behind, turning on instinct and nearly cutting the goblin's head off with the sword. Luckily, Griphook had the sensibilities to duck, although the wide grin he bore soured a bit. Still, he gave the blonde boy an appraising look. "Um, what?" Dudley asked, suddenly on guard as the goblin appeared to be sizing him up like a piece of raised an eyebrow at him, but with a short sigh, explained. "You have a warrior's bearing. It's harder to tell with you humans, of course, but the magic doesn't lie. You were called to the blade, while your… brother over there," He gestured towards Harry, who was now almost pressing his nose into the book in his hands, green eyes wide with wonder. "Was drawn to the grimoire. Granted, you're both fighters, I can smell it on you, but I reckon your styles and preferences will be vastly different. The young Potter heir will likely favor more arcane methods, while you, Dursley, will hold more with direct fighting." Dudley was taken aback by the astute description, especially since it was quite accurate. Harry had always been more of an intellectual than Dudley, always hungrily pursuing knowledge and information while Dudley prefered the simpler activities life had to offer. "If you say so." He replied uneasily, moving to put the sword back. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to come here after all. He thought. Before he could return the sword to the pile, however, Griphook's hand shot out and grabbed his wrist, stopping him. "Keep it," The goblin said, his gravely voice turning serious. "The blade chose you. It is yours to bear." Dudley stared at him, uncertainty setting his stomach roiling. The goblin was telling him to keep the sword? Who used swords these days? "What would I do with it? I doubt I'd be allowed to take it to school with me." He asked, a frown twisting his lips. Strangely, the goblin grinned at him, beady little eyes glittering darkly. "You would be surprised," Was his only response, before turning and walking over to Harry. They had a short conversation, one Dudley couldn't quite make out, and a few seconds later, the duo had come back over to where Dudley was standing, the sword still hanging loosely in his grasp. "You ready to go?" Harry asked, and as Dudley nodded slowly he noticed the book tucked under Haary's arm, looking uncommonly snug there. "What's that?" He asked, tilting his head at the item in question. Harry smiled, his entire face lighting up, and Dudley fought to suppress a groan. Oh boy, here comes another book rant. "It's my family grimoire!" Harry said brightly, and Dudley, who had already resigned himself to only paying half-attention to his cousin for the next twenty minutes, suddenly perked back up. "Really?" He asked, curiosity spilling into his voice. Harry nodded eagerly in agreement, and as they collected Hagrid, who had remained close to the door, the duo launched into a discussion on the possibilities of what sort of spells might be found in the grimoire, paying little attention to their surroundings. Perhaps visiting the vault had been a good idea, after all.