was teaching you a lesson, Gran—Hermione." "What kind of lesson could possibly require you to… fondle… my breasts?" "I wanted to get a reaction from you. You managed to escape my grasp easily enough, twice. So why couldn't you earlier today?" "But there were three of them!" she exclaimed, still covering her breasts defensively with her arm and glaring at him. "So? You could've yelled for help. Or kicked. Instead, from your own words you just stood there and let him touch you. Are you sure you didn't like it?" "Of course I didn't! How dare you even suggest that!" Harry smirked. He walked around his desk and sat back down. "Lesson over, Hermione. I expect you here tomorrow. Oh, and I want you to unbutton the first two buttons of your school shirt and keep it that way." "You touch my breasts without permission and are now demanding I reveal more of myself to you? What the hell do you think you are doing?" she demanded, growing angrier by the second. Harry sighed dramatically, even rolling his eyes. "Hermione, you're going to have to trust me. Let me ask you this… are you still embarrassed? Or are you angry… and confident now?" "You..." she stopped her retort to think it over. He was right, she realized with a shock. All the feeling of embarrassment from The Incident was gone, and instead she was now angry. She supposed that could count as confident, too. "You're right," she admitted. "Lesson complete. See you tomorrow, Hermione, and remember your instructions." He got up from his desk and walked out the room through the back door, that she assumed led to his bedroom. Hesitatingly she reached for the top two buttons of her shirt and unbuttoned them. It was quite all right, she reasoned with herself, it wasn't as if she was revealing much other than that she actually had some cleavage. At least the school robe would cover it during classes. As she put on her robe, her eyes were drawn to the waste bin near the door. For a moment, she considered reaching in and getting the tissue… but she ran outside before the treacherous thought could take hold further. Wednesday The next day of classes went by in a blur. She was keeping an eye on Weasley's gang though, and for some reason she felt whenever Pot— Harry glanced over her that he could see through her robes, but the day went by pretty fast. At the end of the day she made her way over to his chambers, went inside when he called on her, and hung her robe on a hook near the door. Harry looked her over and she felt his gaze linger on the unbuttoned shirt for a moment before he looked up at her eyes. "I want you to tell me something about yourself," he ordered. "Erm… just talk? What about?" "Anything, really. Your day, or your friends, or your family—whatever you like. Just talk." "Okay. Well, I'm an only child, and my parents are Muggles. Dentists," she started. She noticed his right arm was under his desk again and gave a look of distaste at him when she realized he had begun… pumping. "Keep going, Hermione," Harry prompted as she had fallen still. "Right. Well, I learned to read when I was five and quickly fell in love with books. All kinds, really, from fiction to history to cheap novellas, and—" His arm movements were increasing in speed. "Uh huh. Keep talking," Harry grunted. "My first accidental magic was when I summoned a book to my bed from the high shelf—Harry, please, stop!" "Stop what? Keep talking," he grunted, leaning forward. "I… I… I didn't have many friends, any friends really, and I never dated, and I—" A loud groan from Harry interrupted her and she looked on in morbid fascination as he shuddered, then finally sat back up and brought tissue beneath his desk. Her eyes seemed glued on the tissue as it followed its parabolic arc to the waste bin near the door, disappearing from sight as it fell in. "Enough talking. Hermione, your skirt is too long. Shorten it by a few inches." "What?" she asked, turning to face him again. "Like I said, your skirt, it's too long. Shorten it." "But it's perfectly according to school regulations," Hermione protested. "Actually, school regulations say nothing about skirt length, just that girls have to wear one. And while a knee length skirt is appropriate for bookworm Hermione Granger who lets bullies walk all over her, aren't you trying to be someone else?" Hermione sighed. "Fine. Anything else?" "Now that you ask, sure. Show me your knickers before you go." She blanched. "What? How dare you ask me that?" "It's a simple request, I just want to see what kind you're wearing," Harry said. "Never!" she yelled at him, daring him to say more with a glare. "Fine, I won't insist. You're making it needlessly difficult to help you, though," he said, standing up. "Let yourself out, and see you tomorrow, if you still want my help." He walked out the other door, leaving her standing there, fuming a bit. "Show me your knickers, really? What kind of girl does he think I am?" she muttered to herself, grabbing her school robes and throwing them on. Then her eyes caught sight of the waste bin again. Hesitatingly she stepped closer and, keeping an eye over her shoulder at the door Harry disappeared through, leaned down over it. As she somewhat expected it was crumpled up and overall disgusting… but there was just something about she smell. She reached for it, and shuddered as her fingers came in contact with something wet and sticky. Bringing her fingers back up she inspected them closely for a moment, before shuddering once more and wiping them on her robes. She ran out the door and back to her dormitory as fast as her feet could take her.