did and follow you for hours." Severus muttered bitterly. "Now, enough of that, Sev. Tobias was bitter and jealous. He's not in our life anymore and that's how it should be. That's how it should have been when you were growing up… I'm sorry, love." Her eyes filled with tears, and she buried her face into her hands. Severus hugged his mother tightly, allowing her to cry into his shoulder. He knew she felt guilty for allowing his father to remain in the house for as long as she had, but the two years he spent at Hogwarts before she threw Tobias out, and she very literally threw him out, using her wand to blow him and all his belongings onto the street, were the best he ever had. When he returned to Spinner's End for the summer going into his third year, he was shocked to see a new porch and the house with fresh paint for the first time in years. All the old furniture had been sold with the exception of Severus' bedroom and there was new furniture in the house. Severus opted to sell his things too and purchase a new bedroom set, this one made of handsome wood. Eileen had torn up the backyard and created a back garden and patio. Tobias hadn't allowed her to brew or do magic in the home and she was taking great joy in growing her potions ingredients alongside her tomatoes and cucumbers. Severus and Lily had done their summer homework at the Snape household for the first time ever that summer on the patio, with Eileen bringing them snacks and lemonade for the duration of their study time. With Tobias gone, Eileen had been reinstated into the Prince family, therefore giving her plenty of money to raise her son in comfort. Her and his skin color was no longer pallid and sallow, but a healthy shade of pale. She could afford to feed him healthy foods and plenty of them and they no longer saw all their money going to beer and vodka. When Eileen started working for the Ministry she had met Gabriel. He was her age and they had begun as friends, with Eileen bringing him over for dinner on the weekends. Severus had been 14 when they married. Gabriel had three children Severus' age and they all went to Hogwarts at the same time as the young Slytherin boy. Two girls and boy came to live in the Snape household along with Gabriel, as he only lived in a three bedroom apartment that was barely big enough to fit the four that lived there. Eileen had expanded the inside of the Spinner's end home; making sure every child had their own bedroom. Severus had asked his mother to expand his room, and she did gladly. Severus was accepting of the new children in the house, even though he was no longer the oldest child. His step sister, Megan was 15 and a Ravenclaw and she was a prefect to boot. Then came Severus at 14. The other boy, Eric, was 13 and a Gryffindor and then the youngest daughter, Heather, was starting Hogwarts when Severus was entering his fourth year. The family was content and for once, Severus didn't mind going home for the summer. Lily liked his new siblings and they all got along. Gabriel and Eileen took all of them to the beach for weeks at a time, and they allowed all the children to bring their friends as long as the friends got along with the other children. With these trips, Severus made new friends in other houses, and they actually liked him for him, regardless of the house he was in. When James and his friends bullied him, his siblings came to his aid, or their friends did. The odds were no longer four to one, but eight to four. Sometimes there were more and even the prefects defended the Slytherin boy, due to Megan being a prefect. There was a room in Hogwarts designated for Prefects only, however, Megan had gotten permission to allow her family and friends to be in there with her. They did their homework and hung out together, making a group that still spent time together in their adulthood. "Mum, you're fine. Everything is fine now. I hold no grudges against you. You did what you had to do to give me the life you could." Severus rubbed her back. "Go home; get a good night's sleep. Emilia wants you to come to the hospital tomorrow. Tell Megan, Eric and Heather to come and see their niece too. They could use all the visitors they can get. Brooke's bored out of her mind." Eileen smiled a little and wiped her eyes after she released her son. She collected her things and left in the floo with promises to return tomorrow. Severus trudged up the stairs and stopped just before his daughter's room. He really didn't want to have her be cheeky with him right now, which she was bound to be. She never took her punishments well. Opening the door, Severus entered and sat on the edge of the bed. "I know you're awake, Alexis. Stop the act." Dark eyes peeked over the edge of her covers, followed by the rest of the face. "I tried to sleep, Daddy, honest." "Mhmm. And I was born yesterday." Severus rolled his eyes. "I could hear you moving around through the floorboards." Alexis looked down at the blankets. Severus shook his head and gestured for her to lie down. "Go to sleep. I'll be here in the morning." He kissed her forehead. "Maybe tomorrow, I can get your Aunt Megan, Aunt Heather, and Uncle Eric to come and see you tomorrow. I'm unsure if they're coming to see your sister, but after that they might come here." Alexis' face broke into a true smile and she sat up to kiss her father on the cheek. "Goodnight Daddy." "Goodnight, love."