biscuits, a glass of orange juice and two slices of toasted bread with jam. Once breakfast was ready she went outside where her instructor was already waiting. Nick was wearing light grey sweatpants and a black t-shirt that morning that didn't serve at all to hide the muscles underneath. His light brown hair, slightly long, were mussed by the light summer breeze and his blue eyes shined in the sunlight. Hailey admired him openly and Nick winked at her when he noticed. "Hi Nick." She greeted him with a flirtatious smile. Nick smiled back at her before telling her to start running. Hailey pouted back at him before complying. They usually ran outside in the summer since the weather was pleasant at this time of year. She ran for over twenty minutes, her breasts bobbing up and down with every step and she noticed with satisfaction that Nick was definitely looking. She decided that this was as good moment as any and she faked a strain, tumbling to the ground. Like she wanted and was expecting, Nick was immediately upon her, asking what was wrong. "My ankle. I think I sprained it. Ouch, it hurts." She was so good at faking that she was even able to shed a few tears. Nick took her into his strong arms and brought her to one of the benches scattered all over the park. He took her ankle in his hand and started to move it. Hailey grimaced and told him to stop. "Please, I'll be fine. I just need a minute." She said before adding. "Come sit near me." Nick hesitated a little before doing as she asked. Once he was seated next to her, she put her head on his shoulder in a casual gesture and sighed. "It's peaceful, isn't it? Being outside like this. It seems like we're the only two people left in the world." Nick agreed with her but didn't add anything else. Hailey, tired of the silence and starting to become a little impatient, moved her head towards his until she was looking into his eyes. She hesitated a moment and then she moved forward to kiss him. Nick started to kiss her back after a few long seconds of stillness so she opened her mouth to kiss him properly. She had seen movies and had asked her mother about it so she knew there were supposed to be tongues involved in it. She clashed her tongue against his and Nick pulled her closer to him. Hailey immediately sat astride him, directly on his lap and started moving her hips against him. She felt Nick moaning in her mouth while he started to harden against her. She wanted to come but she especially wanted for him to come just by rubbing against each other like she had seen sometimes in the movies. She was so wet and aroused already that she knew it wouldn't take long for her to come but she wanted Nick to come in his pants first. She smirked before bringing Nick's hands on her hips as a way to help her movements. Nick didn't seem to mind at all, enthusiastically using her body to come. She felt him kiss and nibble her nipples over the bra causing waves of pleasure to go straight to her clit. A few movements of her hips later and she felt him going rigid against her before grunting loudly in pleasure, a wet, warm, sticky spot in his pants, the telltale sign that he had reached his release. Hailey brought her fingers inside her shorts and started rubbing against her clit, desperate to come now. She moaned loudly before feeling Nick's fingers joining hers. He inserted two fingers inside her and she screamed, the orgasm hitting her almost suddenly. After a few long, deep breaths she had taken back control of herself and left his lap. Nick smiled at her, kissing her sweetly before asking her "How is your ankle? Still hurting?" "It never did hurt in the first place" She replied with a wink "It was just a way for me to get close enough to you to...seduce you..." Was Hailey's only response. "Why, you little..."Nick said but he didn't appear angry at all, an amused smile on her face. "Come on, let's continue with my training. My mother doesn't pay you to sit on a bench." Nick shook his head at her but he was still smiling. Together they resumed running, both behaving like nothing had changed. Nick continued to treat her like he always did and Hailey was perfectly fine with that. 12th August 2013 - Clothing Store, London "Mom" Hailey said in a whisper "Since the first time I had an orgasm - you know with Nick, the day of my birthday - I'm always wet and aroused. Is it normal?" Hailey asked worried. "Are you really uncomfortable?" Petunia asked her. "Well, not really. It's just a little distracting but nothing I can't handle" Hailey replied with a shrug. "Then don't worry about it honey. It can't be nothing but a good thing. When you'll have sex - real sex -, you'll be so sensible that you'll orgasm in no time at all. Men like women particularly responsive". "Yes mom" Hailey said, a note of relief in her voice. "Now, tell me what you think about this skirt" Petunia said, picking up a ultra micro mini black skirt that she wasn't sure would have covered her arse completely. "Nice" Hailey said approvingly. "There are a lot of these here: plated, denim, in leather. Choose as many as you want. You need a new wardrobe for the upcoming school year". "Really?" Hailey asked excited. "Of course honey. You will need tops too, ultra low-cut obviously. You need to show off those beautiful tits you have" Her mother said with a wink. "What about underwear?" Hailey asked then. "I don't see the point of wearing underwear honey. These clothes will cover you enough as it is".