got close the second floor landing, and Lily checked the map again and when she did not give the go ahead right away. Harry turned to face her best she could under the cloak. But before he could ask what was going on, he heard something that gave him the answer, it was the sound of a crying female, and it was getting closer. It only took a few more seconds before Harry saw Hermione running past them, eyes were red, and tears seemed to be slowly moving down. But before Harry could do anything more, Hermione rushed passed them, and was gone up the stairs. Lily acting quickly moved under the cloak and put her hand on his shoulder, shaking her head. Harry though made to move again, only stop when Lily spoke, "Harry if we do something now we could make her life even worse than it is right now!" "How, she is in tears again?" Harry asked quietly but fiercely. "I know, and I don't like this anymore than you. But if we do something now then she risks being put under a lot more pressure than she can handle," Lily said. "But we cannot just do nothing, she is my friend!" Harry said, glaring at Lily. "I know, but what can we do where we don't give ourselves away?" Lily asked. "I… I don't know," Harry answered finally, feeling rather lousy. "We will send her a letter with your owl after she has left for the train, and explain everything, or most of it," Lily said, consoling Harry best she could, she knew just what it felt like to betray a close friend. Harry nodded, before finally saying, "I hope she is not to mad at me." Lily nodded as they moved the rest of the way out of the castle and onto the grounds. Summoning a second broom, taking one of the school brooms in this case, they set up a harness made from magic and took off into the forest. It was not till as the sun began fully setting did they began moving down towards the trees of the forest. Lily smiled and brought them into landing on some sort of large wooden building, built high in-between four large tree. It was suspended between them by strong steel cables, and seemed to be rather small. For a place that was going to be where the pair of them was going to be living for a while, Harry felt it might be rather cramped. It was not until Lily moved aside the cloth door, and Harry followed her inside, did he rethink this idea. The building, which might have been only six feet on a side, was much bigger on the inside. Within the building there were five total rooms. Two were full bedrooms, with semi large closet. There was a full bathroom, then finally kitchen, and living areas. "We built this in our last year at Hogwarts, your dad and me. It was designed for vacationing for when you were old enough to ride a broom safely, not to mention were working on your animagus form as well. But, well that never came to pass, but it will more than make do for a home for now," Lily said. "Animagus?" Harry asked a little confused. "A witch or wizard that can change into some sort of animal. Your father could change into a stag. I can become a falcon, we were never able to being your own training, but we were able to test your form. I think Hedwig will be rather happy with it," Lily said as she moved Harry's trunk to between the two rooms. "An owl then?" Harry guessed. "A Snowy Owl to be precise. That will be one thing we will be working on this summer, plus other spells for both combat and defense, and finally potions, though I will have to figure out how to get the ingredients as this place was only set up for normal cooking, not potion brewing," Lily said. "Okay… that is going to be kind of cool being able to fly without a broom. But how are we going able to work on wand work, I mean the moment I use my wand once school is over, they will track it won't they?" Harry asked. "Yes and no. You see, this close to Hogwarts the Ministry of Magic cannot track spells usage at all. But a few more miles away they would be able to track us with ease. The same is true if we were in Diagon Alley, as well," Lily explained. "That is good, but I just thought of something else, I know you can use my wand. But well we need to get your own wand you cannot just keep using mine," Harry pointed out. "Yes I know. I will work on trying to get mine back. You see when I was absorbed into your scar, and so was my wand and clothes. My clothes reformed when I reformed, but I have not yet figured out why my wand has not reformed," Lily said sighing a little. "Maybe it became part of your body," Harry guessed. "Possibly, in which case I might be able to use wandless magic without a problem. But if I cannot, nor can figure out how to reform my wand, I am going have to get a new wand from Ollvander," Lily said. "Well let's hope we don't have to do that then," Harry said and Lily nodded. "Now, it is time to get to training, we are going to be dealing with the Dark Lord, and we will be dealing with Dumbledore sometime soon," Lily said, gaining a small smile. Harry nodded, "I am ready… after we get some dinner." Lily blinked before finally laughed as she realized in all the excitement neither of them had eaten in nearly 24 hours, and they were both beginning to feel this effect of hunger. "Right, after dinner."