no longer were very concerned about dresses at all. Sirius tensed but tried to blow it off. "Wow you guys, who died?" He tried to joke but no one found it particularly funny, given the situation. They neared King's Cross and people were starting to move around outside their door. None of them moved. Lily was staring straight ahead absently, Remus was trying to read but James was 90% sure his eyes hadn't moved in at least 10 minutes, Alice and Frank had stopped talking, Marlene was staring mournfully out the window, Dany was looking at her hands folded in her lap, and Sirius was staring at Dany rather unabashedly. James watched him watch his Godsister. It wasn't a gooey love-struck look but he looked like he was very much trying to figure her out. James resigned himself to the rest of the ride in silence. Not much later, the Hogwarts Express started to slow down. Dany suddenly looked up from her death stare at her hands only to catch Sirius staring at her. Lily sighed and Marlene helped her up. They all started to slowly move around the crammed compartment to find their things and not for the first time, James dearly wished that he could take Sirius and just adopt him into the Potter's family. Marlene, Alice, and Frank all left almost immediately with an exclamation of, "Shit! We're late. My parents are going to kill me, and they're Apparating these two home so they're coming with me" from Alice. Sirius, Lily, Dany, and James all got off the train together. Lily saw her parents first; she hugged Dan tightly and said "we'll talk later about that girls' day", she said goodbye to James (who was very excited by this), and quickly hugged Sirius with the parting statement "See you on New Years". The three of them watched the ginger disappear in the crowd with her parents. James saw his parents, but pretended he didn't. He wasn't going to leave Sirius alone to be reunited with his hellish parents all by himself. He also caught sight of the Ministry driver set to take Dany and her brother home (the Masters didn't come to the platform, as much as they wanted to it was no longer safe to see their children off). She apparently had seen the Ministry worker too because when he opened his mouth to mention it, she silenced him with a look. Walburga and Orion Black got to them before James' parents saw them, with Regulus in tow. The Blacks were all very tall, Orion far over 6 foot and his wife not far behind. This made the task of looking down their noses at everyone that much easier. "Sirius. Who are these two?" Walburga sniffed, looking very imperious. James was surprised that she didn't recognize Dany. Maybe she did but was pretending that she didn't. Sirius looked like he didn't want to answer but was going to anyways (possibly with a lie) when Dany jumped into the conversation. "I'm Danilynn Masters. This is James Potter. You must be Sirius and Regulus' parents." She said sweetly and James raised his eyebrows in surprise. She had commiserated on several occasions with him on wanted to strangle these two and now she was acting like she loved them. Walburga Black seemed taken off guard by this too. "The Minister's daughter? It's a pleasure to meet you, Miss. Masters." Dany ignored this as if to say 'yes, the pleasure is yours because it certainly isn't mine'. She still held onto the cheery voice and bubbly attitude. "My father said that you'd be attending our New Years party for the first time this year; it's a fun party, I promise. Besides, my parents are very excited to meet Sirius; they've met all of my friends except for him. Everyone of notable importance will be there so rest assured that it's well protected. None of this Death Eater nonsense will permitted. Aurors will be protecting the guests the entire night. I'm sorry, but I have to go. My brother is waving me over." She shook hands with Sirius' mother, who pulled her hand back abruptly. James didn't miss the red marks on the back of her hand where Dany had dug her nails in. She nodded at Orion Black and tightly said, "Regulus" to the youngest Black. She hugged Sirius hard and James heard her breathe "stay safe" into his ear before she let him go. She hugged James too and as she walked away said, "See you all on New Years!" James smiled a little and shook his head. She had played the Minister's daughter perfectly: sweet, unassuming, but confident all the same. She had simultaneously told the Blacks that they were not only obligated to go but that there was no way that any of their Death Eater pals were getting in. She also had made it crystal clear that their son was now under the immediate protection of the Minster and if he looked harmed in any way, Daniel Masters would be taking a personal interest. James and the Blacks watched her leave and on her way out with her brother, a woman stopped her. She paused and nodding, pulled something from her bag that caught the light with a gold flash. Money. She handed it to the woman, who threw her arms around her. Dany leaned down to speak to the child briefly and then she left the platform with her brother, the woman and her child, and their driver. James gave Sirius the guy equivalent of a hug. "See you soon, Brother. I'll tell the folks you say hey." Sirius nodded and hugged him back quickly. "Yeah, tell Dorea that I want that casserole next time I'm at your place. That stuff is wicked good. See you soon, James." Sirius said tightly. James nodded and with nothing else to do, walked off with everyone of his instincts telling him not to leave Sirius with those people.