it. Draco shook his head in amusement. "That's Skeeter writing." ""I know nothing will hurt me during the tournament, because they're watching over me…"—Merlin, this is a goldmine," said one of the Slytherin girls, guffawing. "…one of the top students in the school?" repeated Blaise. "He must be an idiot to let Skeeter interview him," said Draco, smirking to no one in particular. "Well, more material for us—anyone has extra Support Diggory badges? I only have two left. I think they'll be in high demand after everyone reads today's paper. Anyone? No?" "I'm out of badges. We can make some more later," said Pansy, checking her robe pockets. "Morning, Yassen," said Draco as the tall boy sat down. "Where's Krum and the rest?" "Krum? Krum's probably in the library," said Yassen, leaning over to peer at the paper Pansy was holding. "Is that about the Weighing?" "I think it was supposed to be," said Pansy, giggling. She flipped to the last page of the article. "But look, Yassen—everything's about Potter—she wrote your name as just Yasen with a missing 's' and Fleur Delacour as "Flour Delacer"." Yassen laughed heartily, as if he didn't mind at all. "And Cedric?" "No mention at all," said Pansy with a disapproving note. "It's a pity Skeeter focused on Potter. I would have liked her to report on the actual Weighing instead of this sentimental gibberish. At least we get to tease Potter about it." Draco removed a Support Cedric Diggory badge from his robes and offered it to Yassen. "On that note, want one, Yassen?" "And look—if you press it," said Pansy, lightly tapping on her badge. "Support Cedric Diggory" changed to a glowing "Potter Stinks". Yassen raised an eyebrow as he took the badge from Draco. "The charmwork is good." "Thank you," said Pansy, looking uncharacteristically gleeful. "No, thank you for this trinket instead," said Yassen as he tucked the badge into his robes with one hand. He smiled. "Are you allowed to go to Hogsmeade? We have a Hogsmeade visit next Saturday," said Draco, who was eager to show him around Honeydukes. "I'll have to practice for the First Task—but tell me if there's anything nice, will you?" "It's Hogsmeade," said Blaise. "There always is something nice." "It depends on your tastes, though," said Yassen, grimacing slightly as he gestured to the food on his plate. "I'm not very…accustomed to having such a heavy breakfast." "Ironically, I think the elves think the foreign students like roast chicken—we never had so much chicken before," said Pansy. "But I agree! I'll put on weight at this rate." "Oh, just go play some Quidditch," muttered Blaise, taking a very large bite out of his sausage. "Quidditch is not a sport that—" intoned Pansy. "Are you prepared for the First Task though?" said Draco, his eyes lighting up, turning to Yassen. "Do you know you'll have to do?" "Sadly, no," said Yassen, drinking the last of his pumpkin juice. "In their words, they wanted to test our courage in the face of the unknown. So we'll all have to just wait." "You sound so…unconcerned," said Pansy, frowning slightly. ` "I'm only concerned with putting up a good performance for everyone," said Yassen, smiling cheekily. "And of course, winning." "Overconfidence," sniffed Pansy, before breaking into laughter. "Honestly, it's more of a well-deserved confidence." "I agree with both, indeed. How is your Transfiguration going?" asked Yassen, stretching as he stood up and prepared to leave. "Not well," said Blaise dryly. "I think perhaps we should just give up the idea, Draco. We're never going to be faster than Granger." "We're close enough," retorted Draco. "I can swear to Merlin; I saw something disappear for a split second yesterday." "Will you show me?" said Yassen, his interest seemingly piqued. "That was more of an unexpected event," said Draco at once, not wanting to make a fool of himself. "I'm quite sure nothing will happen if I do it." "Just try it. You'll only be learning it in your fifth year, according to you—it's not terrible if you can't do it," urged Yassen. "I'll help you out." Draco looked around hesitantly before withdrawing his wand and pointing it at a piece of lettuce. " Evanesco," he said, emphasizing the 'es' syllable and making a small, sweeping motion, just as the textbook said. "Yes, and nothing happens again," said Draco a bit sulkily. "I'm not a very good teacher, but I'll try to show by example—" said Yassen. Bending down, he took hold of Draco's wand hand. "Think about…lettuce, and say the incantation again." " Evanesco," repeated Draco, and as the words came out of his mouth, Yassen moved his hand in a quick, sweeping motion that abruptly came back to point at the lettuce. There was a sudden surge of heat at his wrist, travelling down his arm and through his fingers in opposite directions. Draco made a rather undignified face when he saw the lettuce vanish into thin air. "It worked!" exclaimed Pansy immediately. "Was it the hand movement?" "You'll have to ask Draco what he felt was different," said Yassen with his characteristic merry smile. "Goodbye, everyone; see you at dinner." There was a small, varied chorus of 'goodbyes' as he left, and the spotlight quickly fell on Draco. "So what did you feel exactly, Draco?" said Blaise excitedly. "Feel?" repeated Draco. "A bit jittery." "That wasn't the point," said Pansy. "I know it wasn't," said Draco, feeling strangely happy. "Well…I felt a lot of magical power course through my wand arm…and…the hand movement was very big, almost dramatic. Actually, I don't even know if I could do that again." "Let's go give it a try," suggested Pansy, getting to her feet. "Everyone's done eating already." They all headed back for the dungeons, including Pansy's curious friends, and for that short while, Skeeter, the Tournament and "Potter Stinks" were all but forgotten. Yet the days passed quickly and soon it was November twenty-four—the day of the First Task.