down to see a wolf jump straight at him. Fred lept up,but was far too slow to stop the wolf's teeth from clamping down on his ankle. Fred screamed again, this time in pain and a blue flash from above hit the creature on the nose (George's spell work, no doubt). It let go with a yelp. Gasping and far more terrified than he'd even been in his life, Fred scrambled and climbed and slipped and kept climbing, aware of nothing but the wolves and the fear clutching his throat. He could hardly breathe, adrenaline pulsing his veins like the fire around him… fire which was now burning the surrounding forest but still not derailing the wolves from their goal. It wouldn't be long before they realized it was fruitless. But still his heart pulsed over and over We'regoingtodiewe'regoingtodie Finally, he was far up enough that they could not possibly catch them. He stopped sat on a branch and noted distantly that his hand was shaking violently against the trunk. He stared at it and blinked slowly. What. The wolves howled and the fire crackled and burned. They rounded the tree but finally raced off. The fire was too much. But Fred did not feel a moment of relief. He gave a gagging sort of cough, and barely registered George on the other side of the trunk. His twin's mouth opened and closed like he was speaking but Fred heard none of it. His grip slipped and George grabbed him and forced him to stay on his awkward perch. "Freddie." George rasped. "Freddie, look at me. Look at me." Fred's eyes finally zeroed in on his brother and instantly his terror began to recede. George was here. They'd be okay. "Are they gone?" he asked. His voice felt muted in his own ears. "Are they gone? Are they-" "They're gone." George interrupted. "It's okay. We'll stay up here till we're sure. But they're gone." "The fire?" "I'll deal with it." Fred blinked and time must have passed because George had dealt with the fire and it was dark again. He tried to concentrate on the feeling of the tree beneath his fingers but his concentration kept slipping. This ruddy glorious tree deserved a shrine and whatever else a tree wanted in life. Fred had never been so grateful for a plant in his entire existence. As adrenaline ebbed away, the pain hit him all at once and he nearly lost his grip once more. He hissed and gritted his teeth. Agony radiated up from his ankle and down again. "My foot's been chewed off." George rolled his eyes. "Always the dramatic. You've still got a foot." Fred risked a glance down, reassured that it was still there. He gulped and looked at the momentarily useless thing. "Well… that's something, I guess." The bottom of his trousers was stained with half moon bite marks on either side of his leg from blood that dripped down into his trainer. Another wave of pain crashed through him, and he screwed his eyes shut. Was it supposed to hurt this much or was he just a wimp? "Here," George climbed down at bit. His twin was pale in the moonlight, and his hands shook too. He took out his wand, gingerly lifted up the edge of his trousers, and muttered something obscene, anger flashing in his eyes. He looked up at him and tried to smile. "That is going to be a wicked scar." Sitting on a branch, Fred chuckled weakly. "They'll finally be able to tell us apart." George snorted. "Only if they see you in shorts, which we all know would be more blinding than a good hex." "Thanks," Fred grunted dryly, trying to concentrate on the trail of this conversation and struggling. "Curse of the white-legged ginger." He laughed weakly and let his forehead rest against the tree trunk. "Are you going to fix me or what?" "I'm trying," George muttered. He said something sternly but Fred was far too tired to recognize the spell. This was not the first time one them had ended up hurt and had to heal each other. They paid particular attention to anything Nurse Pomfrey did anytime they happened to be around her for exactly this reason. But they'd never been in a situation like this. "George?" "Hmm?" Fred gulped, his throat dry. His head spun, and his stomach was twisted in knots. "It's just… a little bite." He blinked. It was getting harder and harder to keep his eyes open. "It's not supposed to… be this bad." George adjusted his position so he was face to face with him. Even in the dark, Fred could see his brother's absolute terror. "None of my healing spells are working, but I tried to clean it, and it's not bleeding too bad, so I can bandage it like a muggle would." Fred could read his brother's thoughts like they were writing in the air. "Don't take me to Pomfrey" "But-" "Then we'll have to explain why the heck we were out here surrounded by massive bloody wolves in the forbidden forest in the middle of the night." George clenched his jaw. "I don't care. You got bit, Fred. It's not like we spilled something on our robes or cut up our fingers or… What if it's poisonous or something?" Fred rolled his eyes, which caused his head to pound, regretting he'd mentioned that the bite felt far worse than it ought to. "It's a wolf, not a snake." "Yeah, but still, Fred. You got bit by a…" Suddenly George trailed off, his eyes glazing over. "They were rather large, weren't they?" Fred frowned. The pain had lessened slightly but George was getting fuzzier and fuzzier. "Yes?" George pursed his lips. "Alright. We go back. If it's worse in the morning, we find Pomfrey." Fred blinked lazily. "Uh, huh. Whatever." "Now, let's get out of this tree." After that, Fred remembered nothing. Please leave a glorious little review!