the back of the parchment, get outside, try to find an owl, and then just send the mail through the post office if he fails. He decided to keep the parchment sheet that told him what materials he needed. On the back of the first parchment sheet, he wrote with a pen he found randomly; Dear Minerva McGonagall, I'm afraid that I don't know what this school is. My first instinct is to throw this letter in the trash, but I would probably regret it later. If this isn't a prank, then I would be happy to go. There is a problem, however. My Aunt and Uncle don't know about this letter because if they found out, I would likely be severely punished. They hate anything that is 'abnormal', and this definitely qualifies. Under no circumstances can they know about this school, this letter, or that I have been contacted by what they call 'her crowd', which is a term they give to my mother's friends, I guess. Also, now that I mention it, do you know how my parents really died? My Aunt and Uncle claim that they died in a car crash because Dad got drunk. Is that true? Hopefully Hogwarts isn't fake. This place is terrible and could get worse in the future. If you want me to attend, you will have to send someone to pick me up. This person has to look normal. Talk about taking me away to a school that they will not see me for a while for free, they will love to hear that. This school must seem as normal as possible. And, please, come get me quickly. I cannot stand it in here much longer. Sincerely, and with timid joy, Harry Potter PS: Where am I supposed to get all this stuff for school? Also, why is it that I'm not allowed a broom? Is the manual labor too hard for us or something? With that written down, he folded it back up and wrote on the envelope "Return to Sender. Read Contents!" On the way to the mailbox, Harry noticed Mrs. Fig standing in front of it. Harry approached at a normal speed, hoping not to be noticed as strange. Maybe she would move out of his way? No. She just stood there with a small grin on her face. As soon as they met, Mrs. Fig said, "Quickly, Harry give me the letter and I will give it to McGonagall. Don't ask questions." "It's real?" "Of course, now give it here, Harry." That snapped him to attention. Without saying another word, he gave her the letter and walked to the park in order to avoid being suspicious. At the park, there was a bench there and four yew trees planted together. Two years ago, the bench wasn't there and the trees were only saplings. Harry found this spot, roughly measured the distance between the trees, then got to work. Harry seemed to be able to do lots of weird things. One of the coolest things he can do is manipulate and create growth just by thinking about it. Dudley caught him on a day not much different from this. That day, Harry made the four trees come to adulthood and intertwine their branches above to form a giant shade, and then made their roots come together in such a way that formed a bench. The low-hanging branches surrounding the trees provided greater shade. No plant life grew on four paths leading from the bench. It was there that Harry sat every time he rested outside of the house, thinking about things. He recently found a way to boost the tree's oxygen production greatly, which helped with thinking, especially during the summer, as the heat usually made him feel tired, and the oxygen-rich air cooled everything down. Harry was there now, his head in his hands and knees up to his chest, using this position to allow him to think as quickly as possible about what went down today. Without Harry's knowing, Dudley walked up "What was that all about?" Dudley asked while sitting down "What do you mean by 'that'?" He replied, nonchalant, thinking that he may have seen him hand the letter to Mrs. Fig. "The thing with the toast. And they reacted positively. I thought for sure you were going to be punished." "Yeah, I did too, especially since I first thought they found out about the letter." "What letter? Can I see?" "No, I already sent it. In the mail this morning, there was a letter that told me that I had been accepted to a school." "Oh, well why would you need to hide it? They would be ecstatic, probably try to get me to enroll." "The school's name is the 'Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.'" Dudley gulped, "Well, what if it is a prank? Although, that would explain all of those weird things you can do." "It's not a prank. Mrs. Fig was at the mailbox today and asked for the letter, telling me to be quick and that the school is real." "Whoa! She's one of them?" "Apparently. Now that I know that it's real, I need to tell you something." "What is it?" Asked Dudley, concerned. "Well….In the letter I wrote back, telling them to pick me up and take me away to the school for a very long time. The longer, the better." "Oh." Said Dudley, looking slightly hurt, but it changed to anger. "Man, I have never been angrier at my parents." "Don't worry, Dudley," Harry said with a smile, smacking him on the back, "As soon as I get there, I'll figure out if I can come back to visit sometime." Dudley smiled at that. They sat there for a few hours and then went home. Please comment the first crazy thing that comes to mind, be it insult or praise. I'm just happy to know you guys at least have some foggy idea what just happened.