had never witnessed sin in her life. He looked over to the place where Theo gesturing. A rounded booth surrounded by sheer curtains that didn't quite conceal what was happening on the other side of them, but still provided enough privacy so you couldn't see who the people on the other side were. The all shuffled in, and Hermione found herself seated between Malfoy and Theo. A waitress came over and took their drink order. The booths were charmed with a sound muffling spell, so the racket of the party going on outside was like white noise in the background and they were able to place their orders easily and with no fuss or having to shout. As the night went on Hermione decided that she liked the three Slytherin men that she was sharing a table with, despite their being flirty and suggestive, it was people carefree and cheerful like them that she was glad she was surrounded with. People without children to look after and other halfs to complain about. They had real conversations about real things and not just what baby Lily had thrown up the night before. Hermione felt slightly ashamed to be thinking so about her friend Ginny, but she didn't understand what it was like to be single and be surrounded with happy couples, unintentionally flaunting her happy marriage in front of Hermione whenever they got together. They had had quite a lot to drink between them and Hermione found that she was getting extremely friendly with the people who she had swore to never speak to as a child, in fact she was even starting to like Theo, his boyish charm made her laugh and she couldn't deny his good looks. Blaise was flirting with every witch that walked past and even some of the more attractive wizards. It was only Malfoy who she couldn't really get a read on. He was quiet and subdued, still drinking as much as Blaise and Theo, yet seemingly much better at handling his liquor. They had just ordered their 6th round of drinks when a couple, obviously caught up in each too much to notice that the booth was taken, fell onto the seat beside Blaise and continued to heavily make out despite his outraged cry. Blaise, so taken aback by the sudden intrusion of his personal space, flung himself back onto Malfoy, who in turn fell onto Hermione. He put his hands out in front of him to catch his fall, which resulted in him covering her body with his and their noses almost touching. Blaise pushed the entangled couple away from him, exclaiming, "Get a fucking room you twats," in a disgusted voice. The couple scrambled to rectify themselves, the female clearly pulling her top back down to cover herself and the male strategically placing his hands in front of his crotch. "I'm sorry, but this is my fucking room. This is my private booth. So I should tell you to get a fucking room," the male's eyes focused on Hermione, "Fuck Hermione?" Everyone in the booth turned to look at Hermione, who in turn squinted her eyes to try and identify the man. She couldn't really identify his features, yet the colour of his hair… "Hi Ron…" she placed her hands on Malfoy's chest and slowly pushed him away from her and sat up herself. "You slut." His words were blunt and forceful. "You're already sleeping with other people! And fucking Slytherins for that matter. What are you just their little mudblood whore now? You wouldn't put out for me, so why are you doing it for them?" Ron advanced towards the table aggressively, his voice rising as he spat his words out. Before Hermione could even respond all three of the men at pulled their wands out and pointed them at Ron. "Don't insult her. You cheated on her remember. Don't be such a hypocritical bastard. And don't you ever call our friend that word. Ever," Theo stood up from the table and directed his wand at Ron's neck, "Do you understand me?" "You can't threaten me. I could get you sent to Azkaban for just threatening me, fucking Death Eaters, you should already be rotting there!" Their discussion was causing quite a commotion in the club and other people were looking around and realising what was going on. Hermione swore she saw the tell tale signs of a camera flash. She could almost see the headline now, Redhaired member of the Golden Trio confront ex-girlfriend and her new suitors, followed by a lengthy article dragging the incorrect detail of their relationship back to the spotlight and then highlighting her as a slut or a whore or something equally as horrible. Ron started forward against, wiping his wand out of his pocket and pushing it into Theo's throat. Theo in the same instance did the same to Ron and the two men stood in a stalemate, their wands pressed into the other's neck. Hermione stood up, and put her hands on Theo's shoulders, "We should go," she said into his ear, "I told you this was a bad idea. Come on," she tugged on his arm. "No. I think I'm going to stay here and teach this one a lesson. Draco, take Hermione home. Blaise, stay with me." Hermione bit her lip, "Be careful… And thank you…" she kissed him gently on the cheek. Ron's face went even redder, if it was possible. She then looked at Ron, "Please don't do this, we don't have to be enemies Ron. I don't want to be enemies…" "You lost any fucking right to be friends with me the moment you even spoke to one of these lot. Go with you death eater boyfriend you whore. I'll deal with this twat!" Hermione went to say something, but she felt a strong hand grip her arm and then the squeezing contractions of apparition, whisking her away from the situation. Merlin, she hated Ron in that moment.