that don't concern him, he went back to Riddle's side. If he was going to do this at all then why not just go all out? He started with taking off his shoes and socks, and cast a few cooling charms on the sheets and blanket. He then moved to the forbidden area of Riddle's torso and started to unbutton the soaking blouse, all the while chanting the top 50 situations that had taken place during his Hogwarts schooling in which he really shouldn't have gotten involved in. "...Evans?" that one drowsy word almost gave him cardiac arrest. At that point Harry had gotten about half of the buttons open. He imagined that being hunched down over his barely conscious form, striping him naked, painted an interesting picture for Riddle. They had been at each other's throats since Harry had arrived here for the seventh year. Harry wanted as little as possible to do with Riddle and just be a distant observer, but Riddle had gotten it inside his head that Harry was an interesting pastime, and had done everything to poke and prod Harry into giving him as much information about himself as possible. And so, they kept stepping on each other's toes, pushing the other to the limit as well as, in some unfortunate instances, beyond, and, in Harry's case, dodging Riddles attempts of converting him to his side as a loyal follower. The situation must have finally caught up with Riddle for he suddenly started to push him away while one of his hands went for his currently absent wand. Harry was glad he had thought to take it away from him when he started to strip him. Riddle shot him a scorching glare when he discovered the absence of his wand and Harry secretly had to admit that even in this state he could make lesser men piss themselves from fright. "You don't have to worry, I'm not going to ravish you." Harry said with a roll of his eyes. When Riddle made no move to relax again, despite being on the edge of unconsciousness, he sighed and tried to calm the not so battle ready Dark-Lord-wannabe down. He put his hand on Riddle's shoulder, guiding him back down to the bed gently, while speaking soothingly. "It's okay, you are safe, go back to sleep. I'm going to take care of you." He didn't know why those words came out like that, as he was thinking along the lines of 'just pass out already and I'll make sure you won't kick the bucket', but amazingly, it seemed to work, for Riddle didn't resist as he pressed him back to the pillow. Or maybe he was just closer to the edge of unconsciousness than he thought. Either way, he closed his eyes and didn't protest. Harry then finished the buttons and wrestled him out of the shirt. Then came the pants and Harry, trying to get it over with as quickly as possible, levitated the unconscious boy and slipped them off, thankfully, with ease. Riddles breathing had become quick and uneven and he was tossing his head from side to side. Harry knew the fever had to break by itself and no potions should be given, for the poison still running through his veins could have a negative reaction. Resigned to his fate, he conjured a small basin with a washcloth and filled it with cool water. Wringing the cloth, he quickly went over Riddles neck and chest with it. After that, he rinsed it off again and placed it on his forehead with a quick cooling charm. Pleased with his work, but definitely not with himself, he was about to get up and find a place to sleep when Riddle's hand shot out and grabbed a hold of his arm. "S-Stay..." … … … What?! Riddle's eyes were half open, but even so Harry could clearly see the emotions running through them. One in particular, which was the most profound as well, caught him off guard. Fear. Riddle was afraid. He must have thought he was literally dying. He really must have been in a hole right now, to be acting this way. Completely delirious. Why else would he ever utter that word to him. His surprisingly strong grip was slackening on his arm, as his strength was leaving him again, but his eyes remained desperate, even as they started to flutter shut. On instinct, Harry grabbed a hold of Riddles slackening hand, trying to calm him down one last time. "You will be okay. I promise," he said. Riddle's eyes seemed to truly focus for the first time right then, since being poisoned, as he looked straight into emerald eyes. The fear was gone, but there was something else that Harry never managed to identify, for Riddle's eyes closed then, his body going lax. Damn his saving people thing. Well, Harry thought miserably, he couldn't possibly fall any deeper. And he was tired. So tired from the events of the night that he just wanted to bury his face in a pillow and never wake again. He didn't fancy climbing into someone else's bed himself. Plus, he reasoned to himself, if Riddle's condition should worsen, then he would know and manage to wake up on spot. So, without giving it much further thought, he shed his outer robe and shoes and climbed onto the bed next to Riddle. He was glad that the bed sizes were more that comfortable for one person, so two could manage to sleep shoulder to shoulder in it just fine as well. With that thought, his eyes slid shut, unconsciousness claiming him in seconds. ~To be continued~ And there we go. A story I started ages ago, finally finding it's way here. Did you like it? Hate it? Whatever you thought, good or bad, please let me know. Your reviews mean so much to me. A thousand blessings to my beta MayzeMerlo, without you this wouldn't have been English. E.S~