away, open-mouthed and mortified. Eventually, he realized he was probably very close to developing the first stages of hypothermia, so he trekked his way through the snow back into the castle. He walked around the castle numbly, speaking to no one. Oh shit. Am I? But Albus had never been attracted to another boy before. Yes, it was odd that he was sixteen years old and he had never looked at another girl with any kind of lust whatsoever, but he had never been attracted to another boy either. Albus had always ignored the hormones that were so prevalent in seemingly everybody else; he had found the adolescent interest in sex to be more of an annoyance than anything else. His peers were constantly so concerned with who was attracted to who, and the other sixth years were always finding secluded places all over the school to do all kinds of lewd things to one another, but Albus had always found the topic so boring. Was there something wrong with him? Elphias said he wished Andrea had kissed him; he would've grabbed Andrea and kissed her back, but Albus didn't. And Albus knew Fallon had already kissed some Hufflepuff boy named Oliver last school year; she was normal. When Andrea, "the prettiest girl in the entire school," had kissed Albus, he had pulled away. Not only had he pulled away, he didn't enjoy it. At all. Oh shit. Oh shit oh shit oh shit. But he had never fantasized about a boy before either, he reminded himself a thousand times, nor did he want to let his imagination wander there. Mortified, Albus went to the Common Room and said nothing to anyone. Later that same night, Albus got out of bed, went out into the Common Room with a book, and sat on the couch in front of the fireplace. He had fallen asleep early, but was now wide awake. It was almost four in the morning and everyone had long retired to bed. Albus decided he would read until he felt tired enough to go back to sleep. He had three and half hours before he would have to get up and pack his belongings. He read for nearly half an hour in peace before he heard someone shuffling from the girls' dormitory. His heart immediately hammered and his mind went wild. Maybe it would be Andrea. Maybe Albus could try his hardest to be a hormone-crazed heterosexual male and push her against the wall and snog her senseless, just to prove to himself that he was "normal." But it wasn't Andrea. It was Fallon. "Albus," she said quietly in surprise. "What're you doing up at this hour?" "Can't sleep," he said quietly. Fallon yawned and walked over to him. Her hair was a mess and she looked much paler without any make-up on. She sat down beside him. "I can't sleep either," she confessed. "But no loss. I really love four o'clock in the morning." They sat comfortably for a while in silence as Fallon watched the flames and Albus pretended to be reading his book. "So," she said finally, "what did Andrea say yesterday?" Albus was silent for a moment. He decided he felt comfortable enough to tell Fallon, so he did. "- and then," he finished irritably, "she says, 'don't worry; I'll just tell everyone you're scared of intimacy,' and she walks away!" Fallon scoffed. She did not have a taken-aback look on her face. Albus watched her carefully for signs of disgust or surprise, but he found none. "Andrea is a moron," Fallon was telling him. "Seriously, Albus, just forget about it. Everyone will forget about it over break. She'll find another boy, though of course, not one as nice as you," she finished kindly. "But," Albus said worriedly, "I don't want her telling everyone in the school that I'm 'scared of intimacy.' And what if there is something wrong with me?" She smiled, a little too knowingly, her brown eyes warm. "What if you actually are afraid of intimacy? Or if you actually are homosexual? Who cares, Albus? If you are, we can cry about men together." She closed her eyes and shifted her weight a bit. Even though this conversation was a very serious one to Albus, Fallon seemed completely relaxed, and a smile was spreading across her face. "My older sisters and I," she went on tiredly, "always exchange outrageous dirty planning book calendars every Christmas. Pictures of topless men holding kittens or something completely laughable like that, you know. It's a family tradition. If you are interested in men, we can add you to our circle of dirty planning book calendar gifting." And despite the fact that Albus was genuinely worried, despite the fact that he would never be comfortable having this conversation with anyone else, he found himself choking in laughter as he tried to not wake up the rest of the slumbering Gryffindors. Since Albus was able to laugh away his troubles, he was finally able to go back to sleep. He slept for another two hours and woke up in a good mood. This good mood was unfortunately squashed when he ran into Aberforth as he headed down to breakfast. His little brother saw him and started laughing uncontrollably. Albus scowled, Elphias was already holding a cup of coffee, and Fallon just smiled faintly. " Sc-scared of intimacy ," the thirteen-year-old managed. He laughed until he fell into a coughing fit. Albus pushed past him, annoyed yet thankful that Andrea was telling everyone this "explanation" instead of the other. If Aberforth ever believed Albus was homosexual, he'd never hear the end of it. This thought made his stomach fill with anxiety again, but he tried to focus on the humor he had found in it at four in the morning. A/N: Reviews are my motivation, guys. Even if you want to argue with me about Dumbledore as a character, that's cool too. I wanna know what you think!