eyes. „Care to explain what happend and what this is all about? You were missing for two days. And apparently he was supposed to be dead." her boss said. Hermione's eyes widened: „ Sirius, what… how…" „Well, I hoped you could clear up the how and the what", Sirius smirked. „I was studying the Veil and decided that I had to get through it in order to get answers… but my memories are out of reach I can't get to them…" Hermione became quite desperate. „Maybe it's best if you go home for now and take a few days off, you seem quite shaken," her boss sounded more kindly now. They didn't go home immediately instead they made a little stop a few floors further up to surprise a certain Auror there. Harry couldn't believe his eyes at first, then he thought he was dreaming, after that he contemplated if he had died and heaven looked like the ministry of magic. When he finally realized that this was real he hugged Sirius tightly while laughing and crying at the same time. Of course he and their other friends and Sirius demanded answers from her. Answers she couldn't give. One because as an Unspeakable she wasn't allowed to talk about her research and two because she had forgotton about what had happened after she went through the Veil. Heck, she didn't even know why her hair was so short all of a sudden. Sirius was brought up to date about what had happened since he was gone, like what happened during the war and who had married who. He was also introdced to the newest additions to the clan. „How come you're not married?" he asked Hermione teasingly. She tensed a little: „I'm married to my job." He sensed that there was more to that but didn't want to press any further. Sirius had been living with Harry and his family for a little while but he felt that he should give them some space. So he started looking for new living arrangements. Grimmauld Place wasn't an option, so he searched for a place of his own. It was Harry who came up with the idea one night. „Say Hermione you have an extra room don't you? And your apartment is easily big enough for two people. Sirius could move in with you." Sirius couldn't quite decipher the look on Hermione's face. So he quickly intervened and started to refuse the idea. „Oh why not", Hermione finally said. The next day he moved into her spare room. Sirius quickly learned that the clever but slightly uptight teenage girl that he used to know had grown into an independent, stubborn and passionate young woman with a wicked sense of humour. He soon came to covertly admire her feminine charms and to openly admire her brilliant mind. That she put up with him and laughed about his silly jokes were just two added bonuses. He delighted in flirting with her teasingly since it made her blush the most intersting shades of red. Yet despite all of that, it took Sirius by surprise when he caught himself one day jealously starring daggers at another man who was animatedly talking to Hermione. He was equally surprised by the relief he felt, when he learnt that the other man was happily married and only one of Hermione's colleagues. Something had to be done. The problem was that when he took her out to dinner or to a concert she didn't realize that he meant to date her. It seemed that he had been placed quite firmly in the just friends-zone. After another one of their outings she failed to recognize as a date (to her credit Sirius had failed to mention that that was what it was supposed to be)they walked along one of the canals belonging to Little Venice. She loved wandering around Muggle London since nobody recognized her there and he had come to appreciate it as well. It was a sunny but crisp day in December. She was in a pensive mood and he used the hand that he had casually placed on her shoulder, to tug on one of her curls. He loved those curls and was glad that they had started to grow back. One night, when they had both been slightly tipsy, he had made her promise to never cut her hair short again. She looked up and smiled brilliantly at him. That smile of hers, for which he would do anything. He smiled back and pulled her a bit closer towards him. Her cheeks were flushed from the cold and her brown eyes shown brightly with little specks the colour of golden honey in it. Those eyes they drew him in and he felt like he was falling endlessly. Then his gaze flickered to her mouth and he moved in and closed the gap between them. Their first kiss was quite short more a peck than a kiss but he immediately went in for another kiss and then another one until they were completely wrapped up in each other, tasting each other. They made love for the first time that night. It was frantic and fast they had been waiting so long for this moment that they thought they might burst if they went slow. They made love again and again that night – taking their time after that rushed first time – discovering each others bodies through caresses and kisses. He took her agonizingly slowly basking in the feeling of her tight warm cave surrounding him, welcoming him…and she rode him hard until they both cried out their relief. Sated and satisfied they fell asleep in each others arms. Later when Hermione woke up, Sirius was still there sleeping peacefully with one arm wrapped around her. Hermione never solved the mystery of the Veil. But sometimes she had fantastical dreams about a place with singing caves and waterfalls where the water looked like a million glittering blue stars…