with the paperwork side of the job. The twins were adamant that I was not to do any heavy lifting and I decided not to waste my breath with reminding them that magic existed for a reason. I just did it anyway – much to their joint annoyance. Godric, Lee was even worse. As I sat in the storeroom, doing an inventory check I looked up as I heard approaching footsteps. Lee popped his head around the door, looking around the room until he found me sat at the desk. "Do you need anything?" he asked quietly. I shook my head, barely concealing an eye roll. "For the tenth time, I'm fine. The three of you don't need to keep hovering around me." He looked suitable chastised. "Alright, I'll relay the message to the twins. Make sure you call one of us over when you've checked that box." "Will do," I called out, turning back to the large cardboard box that was open in front of me. Counting the products inside the box and crossing the final item off of my clipboard, I struggled to my feet with a grunt. Rubbing a soothing hand over my stomach, I used the other to snag my wand from the table top. Levitating the cardboard box behind me, I slowly made my way into the main shop floor. Why would I bother calling them for help with something that I was perfectly capable of doing myself? I waddled, as Fred liked to remind me, into the shop floor and headed towards the empty shelves. "Out of the way," I muttered quietly, brushing past George who threw me an exasperated look when he realised that I hadn't listened to them. Again. "Heavily pregnant woman on the move." Fred hurried down the aisle, dodging past him twin and rushing towards me as I levitated the box to the ground. He sighed, clearly frustrated that I was on my feet again. Before he could even begin to tell me off, I started to levitate the products onto the shelf. "You should really be off your feet," he reminded me gently, taking my hand as if to forcefully pull me back to my seat. Narrowing my eyes at him, I glared until he let go of my hand. "I'm pregnant Fred," I ground out, "not an invalid." "I know, I know," he hurried to assure me, already used to my mood swings. "But your feet are all swollen up." Rolling my eyes, I eyed him in irritation and muttered, "You're so bloody overprotective." I winced sharply after my words and Fred was there in a heartbeat, arms coming round as if to shield me. Rubbing a hand over my stomach, he searched my face with concern written in his eyes. "Love –" "Don't you start," I warned lowly, straightening up and making him remove his arms, "it's false labour." "Is that even a thing?" he questioned suspiciously. "It is," his mother confirmed as she came out of the store room after having apparated into the shop. She lifted up four brown paper bags and announced, "I've brought lunch." "You're a lifesaver, mum," George announced as he appeared behind her and pressed a kiss to her cheek. "None of you love me more than when I've got food," she muttered in mock despair as she continued on her way towards us. She handed me a bag, smiling encouragingly, "Prawn and gherkin sandwiches." I grinned warmly at the older woman, taking the bag gratefully from her. "Thank you." "Just looking after my grandchild," she insisted, handing Fred his lunch. As I watched Fred I pinpointed the exact moment where he decided that his mum was going to be his greatest ally. His entire expression brightened as he turned to his mother. She eyed him warily; that expression meant trouble. But I knew that this time, the trouble would be for me. "Mum," he said quietly, "will you have a word with the missus? She's been ordered on bed rest but won't stay put. She won't sit down and her feet have swollen up!" Mrs Weasley looked to my feet which had in fact swollen up and she narrowed her eyes. Before his mum raised her eyes to mine, I glared at Fred who seemed a little too pleased with himself. The older woman looked up at me, linking her arm through mine. "Why don't we go and sit down for a bit?" she suggested, leading me forcefully back to the storeroom, "We can sit and chat for a while." "Mrs Weasley –" "That's mum to you," she said firmly, "Besides I'm sure the three boys can handle things here, isn't that right?" There were shouts of agreement and I struggled not to narrow my eyes in response. I knew when I had lost and so I let her lead me slowly, but silently away from Fred. Or that had been the plan until I felt a sudden release of pressure, followed by a warm trickle down my legs. I gasped aloud, surprising the other four people in the shop who hurried towards me. "This isn't supposed to be happening yet," I protested, looking at Mrs Weasley – mum – with fear filled eyes. I wasn't ready yet! "I've got another two weeks until my due date." "Babies rarely come on time," she assured me calmly, even as the three grown men began to panic around me. "What's going on?" Lee asked, voice loud with alarm. "She's going into labour," George said as if it wasn't obvious. "Why she's doing it in the middle of the shop though, I have no idea!" "Like I could control that," I snapped, coming out of my stupor. I looked to my husband who had gone pale, freezing in place. Reaching out to fist his jumper in my hand, I pulled him towards me and hissed as the first contraction hit, "Frederick Gideon Weasley, if you faint on me then I am divorcing you!"