hilarious. She refused to turn it back for a week! Eventually, Dad said he couldn't stand the sight of me looking like a Niffler so he changed it and taught me the counter spell." "A Niffler?" Peter asked, frowning. James nodded seriously. "Yeah. Right sneaky things. Dad loved them, wanted one for a pet for ages but when he finally got one, it stole all his money and ran off. Bloody mole. He was just lucky it couldn't get into the safe, otherwise Mum would've killed him!" Peter seemed engrossed in the story, and Sirius remembered he'd left his wand upstairs. Though he didn't know many spells yet, it still felt odd not have it near him. He muttered, "I'm just going to get something," to James before he left for their dormitory, but James merely flicked his eyes to him to show he heard, for he was busy telling Peter another story about a particularly nasty gnome his father had purchased to try to protect his strawberries. Sirius climbed the steps to their dormitory. It was a small, circular room, crammed with four four-poster beds, a log-burner in the middle, and a door on the left leading off to a bathroom. Their trunks had already been dropped off here, and it was only when he found his wand (shoved at the bottom of it, naturally) that he realised he wasn't alone. The boy appeared from the bathroom, and offered a small, tight-lipped smile, before he headed straight for his trunk and started unloading his socks into a small chest of drawers by the far bed. Sirius watched him for a moment, when he was sure he wasn't looking. He had golden hair, and golden eyes, and though it was hard to see from this distance, in the dark, he swore he could see thin scars marring his pale face. Sirius swallowed. He closed his trunk, shoving his wand into his robe pocket and made to leave when he paused. He looked back at the boy. "What's your name?" The boy regarded him silently, before he said, "Remus Lupin." "I'm Sirius Black," he replied. Remus smiled, and he returned to folding his socks. He was very meticulous, Sirius noticed, and he came to stand next to him. "Do you want some help?" he asked. Remus looked at him in surprise. "Oh no," he said. "It's fine, thank you-" Sirius ignored him, reaching into his trunk to pull out a pair of socks which he folded in the same way Remus was doing. Remus just stared at him. "Well, come on," said Sirius. "I don't want to end up folding all of your manky socks." Remus scoffed. "They're not manky." It was the only expression Sirius had heard on him, and even the boy looked startled to hear it. They stared at one another for a second or two, before Remus hastily looked away, hiding his face. Sirius wished he wouldn't. "I have scars too, you know," he said. Remus froze, hands pausing in the air. He looked at him, and those very scars were prominent in the starlight. His golden eyes were wide and afraid. Sirius stopped too then, looking back at him. He noticed the other boy had freckles. He said, "I know a spell that hides them. If you want." Remus didn't reply, lips parted as though he had been struck silent, and every word lay forgotten on the tip of his tongue. After a moment, he swallowed, shaking himself, and nodded. He licked his lips nervously. "Yes please." He'd known he'd need his wand. Sirius slid his hand into his pocket, drawing it, and Remus didn't close his eyes, but kept them fixed on him as he said, " Celaverimus." The smooth skin of his face knitted over the scars, sewing away as though creating a blanket to cover them up with. Neither one of them moved until the breathless whisper of magic faded, and Remus lifted his trembling hands up to touch his face. His eyebrows creased, hope plummeting. Sirius saw it all happen and was quick to say, "You can still feel them because they're still there. The spell only covers them up. I can't see them anymore." "Really?" Remus asked. "Really. Your face is as fresh as a baby's," he replied, trying to crack a smile. Remus did indeed smile, and it was genuine, this time. Though still small, there was a smudge to the expression which Sirius quite liked. "Thank you." Sirius shrugged. "Don't mention it." "No," said Remus, frowning. "There must be something I can do to pay you back. I- anything." He considered this for a moment, before saying simply, "Be my friend." Remus blinked. "Pardon?" "Be my friend," said Sirius. He was still sceptical, evident in his narrowed eyes, but there was something melted about it, as he gauged the sincerity of the request. "Are you being serious?" he asked. "Technically, I'm always Sirius." Remus' eyes widened in horror at the pun, as though he couldn't quite believe Sirius had said it, but Sirius just grinned. Then, a short laugh escaped Remus' lips, and another, until he was laughing properly. It was breathless and high-pitched and completely unguarded. Sirius just watched him. Finally, Remus smiled and nodded. "Okay. I'll be your friend." oOo When Sirius lay in bed later that night, the darkness seemed to wrap around him like a warm embrace, not a shroud for monsters, lurking in corners. There was a warmth to everything, a sense of purpose to each breath. He could hear Peter snoring over by the bathroom, and in the next bed over, James was a mound of blankets, dead to the world, barely distinguishable unless he squinted. Remus slept more fitfully, occasionally kicking out, and he wondered what he was dreaming about. This was odd, he thought. Sirius had never felt cushioned like this, protected. He thought maybe the Sorting Hat had a point. Maybe this was where he belonged. Maybe this was home.