one where we spent most of the night dancing and talking but after taking part in the first dance and realising that Harry had two left feet, I was more than pleased to sit out and talk to him. Now if only there had been a way to change where we were sitting. We had the misfortune of being assigned to sit beside three Weasley brothers and their dates. And whilst I had no problem with sitting beside Ron – although it was a little awkward because he'd asked me to go with him – I had an issue sitting on the same table as the Weasley twins. Twins who were spending most of the night making suggestive faces at Harry and I. Godric, it was a good thing that Harry was so oblivious because I had no idea how I was going to explain the death glares I kept throwing at them. Fred, sitting on my other side, leaned in closer to me and asked quietly, "Do you want me to give Harry a few tips that'll make you a very happy woman?" I narrowed my eyes suspiciously, "No. I don't trust you." "That's probably a smart thing," he agreed mischievously, "but who knows Smith, you might end up stealing Potter's lip-virginity at the end of the night and we don't want him to flounder, now do we?" "Shut up," I hissed under my breath, my leg shooting out to kick him under the table. He winced, reaching down to rub at his shin. "Merlin woman, use your words." "I have to resort to those sorts of tactics because you don't listen the first time," I informed him primly, taking a sip from my glass. We both knew it was true so he made no further attempts to deny it. I jumped a little, feeling someone take my hand under the table. Turning back to my date, I sent him an apologetic smile when I realised that I'd been focusing on Fred for a while. "I'm guessing I don't want to know what you were talking about?" he questioned curiously, linking his fingers through mine. The action, taking me surprise, had me looking down at out joined hands "You really don't," I agreed quietly, looking back to him. Harry looked away from me briefly, eyes moving to the stage where the Weird Sisters were setting up. A delighted scream pierced the air and then all of a sudden, the students were rising to their feet and approaching the stage. I laughed a little, seeing the way Hermione was being led by Krum to the middle of the crowd. Smiling as I watched her begin to dance, I had to admit that it was a good thing to see her let loose for once. When I looked back to Harry, I found him watching me with a slight frown. "What is it?" "Nothing," he said with a shake of his head, letting go of my hand. I watched as he rose to his feet and held out a hand for me to take. "Let's dance." "But you don't like to dance," I protested, putting my hand in his and letting him pull me to my feet. "Maybe, but you do." He began to lead me towards the crowd and trying to hide the slightly anxious look he got as we grew closer to the crowd. "You really don't need to do this Harry," I protested, stopping in my step and making him halt beside me. "I'm having fun just talking to you." "Look," he said quietly, lowering his voice a little, "I'm going to tell you something now and I don't want you to make a fuss over it. Alright?" I couldn't keep the concern out of my voice. "What is it?" "I'm not used to feeling jealous," he admitted, "but seeing you talk to Fred made me feel jealous so it'd make me feel better if we put some more distance between you and him." "You're jealous of Fred?" He shuffled on his feet, a little uncomfortable by how incredulous I sounded but nodded anyway. Laughing a little, I reached out to hold his hand, "You really don't need to be feeling jealous. Of Fred of all people." "I can't help it," he muttered under his breath. "So? Can we go and dance?" "If it'd make you feel better?" "It would." He confirmed with a nod and continued to lead me the rest of the way to the dancing crowd. "If you're sure," I muttered almost silently as I watched him for a moment. He looked really out of place but if he was willing to put himself out of his comfort zone for me, then who was I to say anything? Realising that I had yet to move, he reached out to take my arm and spun me around beneath his. I giggled a little, the sound alleviating some of his nerves. From over his shoulder, my eyes drifted to a pouting Ron who was glaring daggers at Hermione as she and Krum walked away from the crowd. "What's wrong with Ron?" I asked over the music, moving closer to him so he'd be able to hear me. "He's jealous." I frowned, watching as he and Hermione were clearly getting involved in an argument. "Well, maybe he shouldn't have considered her as a last resort then?" "As much as I'd like to try and understand why Ron acts the way he does, I'm a bit offended that I can't seem to keep your attention," he informed me, voice beside my ear. He sounded amused so I wasn't worried and besides, if he knew how much of my attention he held then he wouldn't say something so stupid. "Maybe you should step up your game, Mr Potter," I teased. "Fine then." He cleared his throat a little, "Give me another chance to do that." My eyes flickered to his, curiously searching his features. "What?" "Let's go on a date."