of people talking as we prepared to board the train for the beginning of the Christmas holiday. Everyone was excited, understandably so. I was excited too! I couldn't wait to go home and see the rest of my family. As a muggleborn I was the only magical one out of my entire family and the only part I hated about Hogwarts was that I needed to be away from them for so long. Trailing behind the rest of the sixth year Hufflepuffs I struggled slightly with my trunk as I tried to lift it onto the rain. Just as I went to grab my wand to levitate it onto the train, a hand reached out to take it for me. I looked up in surprise as Blaise Zabini effortlessly lifted my trunk onto the train. "Thanks," I said hesitantly, watching as he turned to look at me expectantly. "Don't mention it." Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a folded piece of paper and held it out to me. "If you want your answers then come along." With that he was off walking further into the train and I rolled my eyes; blood Slytherin dramatics. My eyes drifted back to the piece of parchment held in my hand which I opened cautiously. Written inside was the location of a café, a time and a date and nothing more. There was a call of my name and I hurriedly refolded the parchment, hiding it inside my pocket. I looked to where Ernie was standing, waiting for me. "What are you doing?" he raised an eyebrow, "Come along, woman." "Helga Ernie, keep your bloody knickers on!" I had been adamant that I wouldn't come to the café, and yet the first thing I did when I got home was stick the parchment to my bedroom wall. And that was why I was sat waiting for Blaise Zabini, looking between my watch and the door. There was a minute left until the scheduled time and I silently promised myself that I'd wait five minutes. If he wasn't here, then I'd leave. Simple. The door opened seconds later and I looked to the doorway to find him walking into the café. His eyes surveyed the room and I shifted a little on my seat as I watched him walk towards the table. The moment he had sat down at the table he picked up the menu and flagged down a waitress. No greeting. Nothing. How bloody rude. "I'll have an iced americano," he ordered, closing the menu and handing it to the waitress. His eyes drifted towards me, "What do you want Valentine?" I gave him an odd look before turning to the waitress who looked hesitantly between us, "I'll have a cup of Early Grey, please. Thanks." As the waitress headed back towards the counter, I looked back to the silent Italian and waited for him to speak. Except he didn't seem to have any intention of doing that. Growing tired of the silence I cleared my throat to see what he would do. He did nothing. Instead he continued to watch me. "Are you going to explain or not?" I demanded with a raised eyebrow. He hesitated for a moment as our drinks were brought to the table. I assumed that he was waiting until the waitress was out of ear shot but even then, he said nothing. Looking back to him I watched him raise his cup to his lips. "Fine, if you're not going to say anything –" I rose to my feet, picking up my bag. Taking a few steps away from the table I was stopped by a hand on my arm. Looking pointedly down at the hand, I glanced at his face and waited. "Sit down." "I don't particularly want to –" "Please," he sighed and just the fact that he'd said please surprised me into sitting down across from him again. "I'll explain." "Well get a move on," I cleared my throat, "I don't have all day." "I have no plans of explaining everything to you outright," he said bluntly, making my mouth drop open in exasperation. Honestly. What was wrong with him? "You have the audacity to demand that I come out here if I want an explanation and then refuse to give me one?" I scoffed, crossing my arms. "I'm not refusing," he rolled his eyes. "I'm sure you'll figure it out eventually, without me saying anything. You're a smart witch." "You're unbelievable." "I'm going to take that as a compliment," he declared. "So, how far have you gotten into that book? Is it any good?" "It's really interesting," I admitted begrudgingly, "some of the work inside it is ground-breaking. That being said, I still don't feel comfortable with you giving it to me. I'll give it back to you when I've finished reading it?" "How many times am I going to have to tell you that it's yours?" He leaned back in his seat, "Besides, what am I going to do with a book on a plant I know nothing about." "But, still –" "What are your plans for the rest of the day?" he interrupted. I narrowed my eyes suspiciously, "Why?" He rolled his eyes, "Isn't it obvious? We're going on a date." I sat upright in my shock, stuttering slightly, "I – I'm sorry? We're doing what now?" "You've got to count of three to decline," he said with a smirk and my mind was still reeling from the sudden declaration. Sitting up, he leaned an arm on the table as he announced, "Three. That's it." "You forgot one and two." He tilted his head, regarding me curiously with that infuriating smirk. "Would you like me to count all over again?" No, that was the last thing I wanted. Without another word, I reached out to pick up my tea, taking a long sip of it. "Good," he said quietly and that was the first time I saw his genuine smile.