her home and demand answers. Her father was rather intimidating. Not to mention the fact that I didn't put it past Scorpius to use that castration spell. But my opportunity arrived when Albus was to spend some of the holiday at Malfoy Manor – again. I took the opportunity presented and went along with dad to drop Albus off and just like last time, the three of us were greeted by the three Malfoys. At the sight of me, the only female Malfoy shifted uncomfortably on her feet and some part of me was puffing its chest out that I was able to knock down that façade of perfect control. Our dads headed off to discuss something and our brothers headed upstairs like they always did, leaving us alone in the sitting room, sat on separate sofas and facing each other. She glanced around the sitting room, unsure of what to do and I revelled in it. Even if she told me that she felt nothing for me, I wouldn't believe her, not when her actions told me otherwise. "How's your summer been?" I asked, taking pity on her and deciding to talk about something else before I got to the point. Her evident shock that I hadn't brought up our last conversation, lasted all of a second before she schooled her facial expression. "It's been good – there's been no homework to do and Alice spent a week or so here." She cleared her throat. "How about you?" "It's been good, a bit boring, but good." She nodded, glancing around the room again so she didn't need to look at me. "I've just been overwhelmed by this niggling annoyance at an unanswered question." "Oh?" she asked needlessly – we both knew what I was referring to but she continued to play dumb. It really didn't suit her. "A question?" "A question that I've been waiting for an answer to." I felt my lips pull into a smirk when she finally met my eyes, her mask back in place. She raised an eyebrow, "Do you think I'll get an answer to my question?" "You didn't ask me a question," she responded, coolly. I chuckled slightly – I should have known. "Not in words, no," I agreed. "But I didn't think I needed to. Although, would you like me to ask you?" "That's not necessary." She shook her head before asking curiously, "And what if I don't give you an answer? What if I don't choose to say yes, or no and decide not to say anything at all?" "I'm not leaving until I get an answer," I declared, leaning back in my seat. I think she underestimated just how hard-headed us Potters were and besides, I was also half Weasley. The blood coursing through my veins belonged to two of the most stubborn families around. There was no way in hell that I was leaving here without an answer. "So we're just going to sit here in silence then?" She was quickly becoming exasperated, "Because I'm not planning on giving you an answer." "I guess we are." A minute ticked by. Followed by another. Ten minutes passed like that, and then – "Why is this so important to you anyway?" she asked quietly, hesitantly. "You could brush this all under a rug and move on to one of the girls lined up to date you because of who your father is." "I don't want one of them." I said just as quietly, "I want you." "We don't always get what we want." "I know that." I straightened up, leaning towards her with my elbows resting on my knees. I wouldn't risk scaring her off by invading her personal space. "You let something I said in first year form your opinion of me and I've spent the last five years trying to make up for that. Why won't you let me fix the mistake I made unknowingly?" "Because I grew up with people saying things like that." She crossed her arms, "My dad still has his dark mark because there's no known curse to get rid of it – everyone sees that and declares him evil. But none of you know that he took it to stop the death of his mother. Without a single thought, you declared my mother, my father, my entire family as being evil." "I was a child," I insisted with a wince, "Once I was old enough to know better I made sure everyone knew as much. We've gotten closer to – so why can't you just let me love you?" She raised her eyes to mine and stared at me in silence. I was certain that her eyes were reading into my soul but said nothing and waited for the eventual statement she'd make. "Because I'm losing everyone I love." She rubbed at her arms as though she was cold and I rose to my feet then, closing the distance between us to sit beside her. I wrapped an arm around her shoulder and she said nothing. "I lost mum, I feel like I'm losing dad and –" "You won't ever lose me," I swore firmly, unable to suppress the instinct to kiss her anymore. I settled for pressing my lips to her temple, feeling the way she took in a breath at the action. "You can't promise me that." "Try me," I stated confidently, making her look up at me with unsure eyes. "You clearly don't know us Potter men, love. Once we find a woman and make her ours, she's stuck with us forever. You won't be able to lose me even if you tried." "James –" "So," I tucked some of her hair behind her ear, "Will you let me love you?" She bit down on her bottom lip, eyes widening in surprise when I brushed my thumb against her lower lip to get her to release it. With one last search of my eyes, she made up her mind. She nodded.