quietly. Mr and Mrs Scamander were stood in the corner of the room after having floo'd over the moment they received news of my worsening health. They had wanted to see me once more and I was glad to have been given the chance to see them. I blinked slowly, summoning the strength to turn my head towards my parents and mustered up a small smile. Father struggled to return it but mother didn't even try to. She dropped her head, taking in a shuddering breath. Despite myself, I felt my own eyes fill with tears and tried to blink them away. It didn't work and instead they fell. My bedroom door was thrown open with force and everyone turned to look at the doorway as the two Scamander brothers walked into the room. Theseus, the one to slam the door open remained frozen in the doorway, too shocked at the state he'd found me in. Newt, who had been standing behind his brother dodged past him and came to my side in an instant. "I got word that your heartbeat was dropping," he murmured, kneeling beside the bed, eyes scanning over my face. "I didn't want to believe it but –" I sniffled, trying to hold back my tears but it was no use. Blinking slowly, I met his eyes and murmured, "I must look a sight." "I think I found something," he began urgently as Theseus approached the bed, eyes locked to my face. "It's ok," I assured him, my words no more than a whisper as I struggled to lift a hand to his face. I didn't quite make it. Newt took my hand, pressing it against his cheek and nuzzling into it. Smiling through my tears, I repeated, "It's ok. I got to see everyone one more time. I'm with everyone I love." "Don't talk like that," Theseus demanded from behind Newt who glanced over his shoulder at his brother, releasing my hand. "This isn't the end. It can't be." "Thee –" He shook his head fiercely. "No! You're supposed to grow old and grey and be surrounded by grandchildren, not – not like this." Reaching out my hand towards him, I smiled gently when he took my hand and pressed a kiss to the back of it. "Thee, you can't save everyone. Isn't that what you always told me?" "But you were the one I wanted to save the most," he murmured back finally, and for the first time since we had been children, his eyes filled with tears. "Weren't you the one that always told me that if there was something I wanted with all my heart, something that I put all my effort into, then there was nothing stopping me from accomplishing it? Then why can't I save you?" "Maybe you're not meant to," I said after a moment's thought, looking between the two brothers. What had I done to deserve the love of two of the best men I'd ever known? Distantly I heard mother begin to sob even louder and glanced her way. Father tried to quieten her down but when it became evident that mother was only getting started, he made her rise to her feet and escorted her to the corner of the room. They spoke in hushed words and I looked to the clock. There was only minutes left. I looked back to Theseus when I felt him help me to sit up. Without a word, he moved the hand he was still holding towards Newt. The two brothers shared a look and before I could ask what was going on, Newt made me clasp my hand with his. "Newt," I began warningly, recognising the gesture, "what are you doing?" "I did my own research," he admitted, looking to his brother and nodding. Thee pointed his wand towards our clasped hands and our parents fell silent, watching in a tense silence. "I can buy us – you some time until we can organise the binding." "Thee don't do this," I said but it was no use. "We don't know what will happen to him." Theseus cast the incantation, and I watched as magic bound my and Newt's hands together. They were really willing to cast an Unbreakable Vow but what would they do when, after I passed, Newt was rendered unable to fulfil his vow. He'd die and I couldn't possibly allow that. I attempted to pull my hand back from his but the magic was too powerful, keeping my hand clasped with his. "Will you, Newton Artemis Fido Scamander, bind yourself to Miss Copeland in the means of the traditional blood binding?" Theseus asked and before I could process the first vow, I heard my mother gasp. Newt's eyes never faltered from my own. I made one last effort to pull my hand from his, but his hold on me tightened. "I will." It was too late. The first vow had already been made. "Will you bind your soul to this woman for the rest of your life, for however long you shall live?" "I will." "Will you accept her as your wife and fulfil your duty towards her?" My eyes flickered to the clock behind Newt's shoulder. "I will." Thee ended the spell and I drew my hand away from Newt's, staring at it in sick awe. I could feel the magic beginning to move up my arm and travel slowly through my body. The binding magic of the vow fought with the centuries old curse and I gasped, my hand beginning to burn. Looking to Newt's face, I found him watching me cautiously. It hadn't worked and now he was going to die alongside me because he wouldn't be able to keep his vow. "What have you done," I murmured, despairing. I pitched forward suddenly, eyes rolling into the back of my head as I slumped against his chest. The last thing I heard before losing consciousness was a sob. The clock had struck 12.