I'd gotten from the fall. Rising to my feet, my eyes sought out Colin and found him crumbled against the floor. My eyes went to my father who was approaching Colin's fallen form. I reacted before I thought, wand aimed at my father. "Expelliarmus!" My father, throughout my childhood, had always been a cruel withdrawn man so much so that Theo and I had always questioned whether he loved us. But, as I stared down at a slumbering Colin, I knew the answer to that question. The spell he had thrown towards me had been a simple expelliarmus but the strength of the spell cast had made it red, easily confusable with the cruciatus . That only made me question whether Colin had believed he'd thrown himself in front of the cruciatus for me and if that was what he thought, then what was wrong with him? Was he really so self-sacrificing? The battle had long since ended and the grieving had gathered in the great hall. I had made a beeline for the hospital wing and Theo had followed along with me. Pomfrey checked over my wounds and then dismissed me but I had settled myself beside Colin's bed, waiting for him to wake up. Apparently, the curse had made him fly backwards but he had hit his head, knocking him out. Surely, he should have woken up by now? Theo was seated beside me, looking a little tense as he fidgeted with his hands. I turned my eyes away from Colin, looking to my brother. "What's the matter Theo?" I laid a gentle hand on his knee. "The auror's are asking for permission to search our Manor," he admitted, raking a hand through his hair, "they're looking for evidence against dad." "Grant them the permission then," I responded with a heavy heart. "It's the right thing to do." "I know," he sighed, rubbing his face tiredly. "Salazar, when did we gain Gryffindor morals?" "I'm not sure, but I don't like it." We shared a secret smile, "Me neither." Theo rose to his feet, my hand falling from his knee. "I should go and talk to the aurors. The sooner they round everyone up, the sooner we can put this all behind us and move on." "It'll take a lot more than that Theo," I whispered, looking back to the slumbering boy. "Our entire childhood was permeated with dark magic. We won't be able to move on so quickly. But we can try." Theo was silent for a while. There was no sound of footsteps so I assumed that he was still standing beside me. He reached out to set a hand on my shoulder, squeezing it. "He's an alright guy, you know," he admitted begrudgingly, making me look questioningly up at him. He gestured to Colin, "Your boyfriend." "He's not my boyfriend," I muttered with a roll of my eyes. Theo said nothing, reaching out to ruffle my hair. I couldn't find it in me to be mad. Instead my eyes followed him as he made his way out of the hospital wing before returning to Colin. How much longer would he be asleep? Unless, there was something wrong with him that Pomfrey was keeping hidden from me? No – she wouldn't do that. Colin, as if knowing where my thoughts were headed, opened his eyes. He always had had an uncanny knack for knowing when I was beginning to worry. And just like always, he was there to reassure me. The first thing he did upon seeing me, was bring one of his hands out from beneath the blanket to hold out to me. I took it between both of mine as he asked, "What's the damage?" "Nothing major," I reassured him with a smile and pressed a kiss to his hand. His eyebrows rose in surprise but there was no way that he was currently feeling more surprised than I was. "Pomfrey said that you're fine. She's set aside some potions for you to drink." Colin's eyes strayed to the three potion vials lying innocently on the tray beside his bed and he made a face. "I'll have them in a bit." He moved to sit up, stopping midmotion when I glared at him, "What happened during the battle? Did I sleep through it?" "It didn't last long after you passed out," I admitted quietly, "Harry managed to finish Voldemort off and after that, it was all done. The death eaters ran away as soon as they received news that he'd fallen." Colin, biting on his bottom lip, asked hesitantly, "Your father –" "Ran away." He nodded at my curt tone, knowing to change the subject. Leaning his head back against the pillow, he stared up at the ceiling. "It's all really over." Almost, I thought as I wished that I could be as innocent as he was. The truth was that this war was far from over but I wasn't going to be the one to crush his hope. Clearing my throat, I decided to address the question that had been driving me insane, "When you dove in front of the curse for me, what did you think it was?" He frowned, not understanding. "It was red, so the cruciatus?" "You stupid Gryffindor!" I leapt to my feet, staring down at him incredulously, "Firstly it was a disarming charm and secondly, why would you jump in front of the bloody cruciatus?" He shuffled under my eyes, growing flustered as he muttered, "Well you're my girl, aren't you?" My mouth dropped open in shock as I wondered how to respond to that. I settled for dropping back into my chair and narrowing my eyes at him. "I don't remember being put on sale." I had intended for the words to come out with more venom and when they didn't, Colin grinned at me. Lifting my nose in the air, I turned my head away from him to hide my blush. Salazar, I was becoming a Gryffindor.