the burrow, Rose appearing to take my coat and scarf. Lily walked towards the pair of us. The girls stood on either side of me and ushered me away. I looked suspiciously at the girls as we settled down into a secluded corner of the room. "What's going on?" I asked, crossing my legs as they sat down across from me. "I need some advice," Lily began quietly, "About a boy – and well I would ask Rose but she's absolutely clueless about boys. Not that you're much better that is. But I figured that out of all the girls I knew, you'd be best." "Oh," I said, nudging her teasingly, "This is about a certain Hufflepuff chaser, isn't it?" "It is." She nodded, blushing crimson and ducking her head to avoid my eyes. "Alright, so spill." Lily began to speak about the chaser who from the sounds of it liked her too but was very scared of the extended Weasley and Potter bunch. Not that I blamed him. Movement from behind Lily and Rose had me gesturing for Lily to be quiet. She luckily stopped talking just as her brothers were within earshot. "We'll continue this later," Rose muttered, "When there aren't so many nosy ears around." "And what conversation aren't we supposed to be hearing you talk about?" James asked as the two brothers sat down besides us. "Nothing," Lily said innocently. Albus narrowed his eyes suspiciously at me, "You weren't talking about that guy from Spain again, were you?" I went to tell him otherwise when Rose cut in, "So what if she was?" Albus gave his cousin a look and James decided to cut in. "We're having a quidditch match Myers – girls against boys. You can be the seeker that the girl's team has been waiting for." "Alright, I'm in." I agreed, beginning to regret it when the two brother's shared a look. "There's a catch," James warned. "There always is," Rose muttered, glaring at her cousin who just grinned in response. "Well everyone's playing for something – what are you going to play for?" "I know," Albus cut in before I could say anything. "What?" I asked suspiciously. "If my team wins then you have to go on a date with me," He said, locking his eyes onto mine making my eyebrows rise in surprise. The three people around us started to murmur. "And when I win?" His lip twitched upwards as he tried to hide his amusement. "If you win then I'll be your personal slave for a week." A silence followed his words and I found myself nodding, "Alright. It's a bet." The two boys left, mumbling something about a team meeting and we found ourselves surrounded by the rest of the Weasley girls. We sorted out the team and the girls started to arrange strategic plays. The two teams were eventually called out onto the makeshift quidditch pitch to find that the adults had spit themselves between supporting the two teams. After casting a quick heating charm on all of the players we were in the air. Mr Potter blew on the whistle and the game began. The Hogwarts express was heading back to school and I found myself sitting in an empty carriage. I was looking out the window when the door to the carriage slammed open to reveal a heavily panting Rose. She walked into the carriage, pulling her trunk behind her. Once she put her trunk away, she collapsed into the seat beside me. "We almost missed the train because of your boyfriend," she complained, leaning her head onto my shoulder. "He's not my boyfriend." I pushed her head off of my shoulder. "You went on a date with him." She narrowed her eyes on me. "That doesn't mean that he's my boyfriend Rosie." "That's true," she muttered before straightening in her seat to give me a glare. "I still think you let him catch the snitch. I mean you were there before him. Thanks to that I had to do Hugo's chores for the rest of the holiday!" I rolled my eyes, "Do I seem like the type of person to let someone win? Especially if that someone is Albus?" "No." She agreed as the door to the carriage opened. "Well I disagree," Albus announced walking into the carriage and sitting on my other side. He took my hand in his. "I know you let me in – we both know you wanted to go on a date with me." "Keep telling yourself that," I muttered, seeing the way Rosie was looking between us. She was going to start something. She called my name, making me look at her. Her eyes were silently telling me to play along. "Did you hear anything from that guy again?" She asked. Rose didn't even need to specify who 'that guy' was referring to. I felt Albus stiffen beside me. What answer did Rose want me to give her? "He wants to meet up during the next holiday," I said tentatively. Rosie smiled. So that was the answer she wanted then. "Like a date?" I nodded and Rose smiled. "You should go." "She can't go," Albus cut in, glaring at his cousin. "And why not?" I asked, turning to face him. "It's not like I have a boyfriend." He looked down at me in silence before saying quietly, "You do." "I do?" I raised an eyebrow, "You won't even ask?" "No I won't." And with that he rose to his feet and left the carriage but not before I saw the blazing red bush that was rapidly making its way up his neck. "Merlin it took him long enough," Rosie muttered, shutting the door behind him. I glanced at her in confusion. "I knew I'd need to push him into asking you to be his girlfriend." "He didn't ask." "Well would you have said no if he had asked?" She demanded with a raised eyebrow. Silence was her only answer. "Exactly."