face me. Framing my face in his hands, Seamus pressed his forehead to mine. "There's only one way for this to end," he whispered. "And that's in a war. When it comes to it, there's no telling what will happen and I don't know if –" I leaned forward, silencing him with a kiss that lasted barely more than a few seconds. Drawing back slowly, I waited to see his reaction. He shifted, rising to his knees and kissing me again. I leaned back against the tree trunk as he deepened the kiss, trying to lose himself in me. Wrapping my arms around his neck, I curled my fingers into his hair, pulling back from him when Charlie barked from inside the house. When Seamus drew back from me, he was chuckling to himself. Peering over his shoulder, he looked to Charlie who was standing on the patio, just outside the house. "I thought he liked me," Seamus sighed, pressing his head to my shoulder. "What can I say," I murmured, drawing a hand through his hair, "Charlie's a bit of an old man. He doesn't approve of PDA." Sending Seamus back to Hogwarts, especially when I knew what was looming right around the corner was painful. So painful that something happening to him during this war was all that I could see in my dreams. I'd find myself waking in the middle of the night, sweating from the nightmares that didn't seem to leave me. My sleep was ruined and I was especially sensitive because of the exams I needed to sit. Yesterday when I had come home after sitting my final exam, I had crashed on the bed and tried to catch up on the sleep I'd missed over the previous months. It was useless; I only fell asleep at 3am and even then it was a fitful sleep. When I woke in the morning from yet another nightmare, I stared blankly at the ceiling and took some time to calm my breathing. Turning to my side, I looked at the clock to check the time only for my eyes to zero in on the person perched on the windowsill with a book in his hands. I rubbed my eyes, sure that I was imaging things and that when I opened them again, he'd be gone. But he wasn't. I sat up suddenly, pushing the hair out of my eyes. "Seamus?" He looked up then, closing the book and setting it aside. "You're finally awake then. It's almost 12." "What are you doing here?" I asked with furrowed brows, watching as he rose to his feet and crossed the room towards my bed. "I came home yesterday," he admitted, hands in his pockets. "Apparently you had an exam so I didn't want to stress you out and stayed away until today. Your parents were leaving for work when I arrived; they let me in and told me to wait." "They just let you in?" "They warned Charlie to keep an eye on me," he said with a smile, gesturing to my doorway where, sure enough, Charlie was sat as if to guard me should Seamus show any impure wishes towards me. Finally coming to my senses, I hesitated wondering how I was going to ask him what I wanted to. "Seamus, what – what happened?" "It's all over," he said as he let out a deep breath, collapsing onto the edge of the bed. I watched him silently, doing a quick scan of his face and gasping quietly at the large cut on his cheek and the one running through his eyebrow. Reaching out instantly, I traced the one on his cheek gently, apologising quickly when he grimaced. "The war –" "We won," he assured me, saying the two words as if he himself couldn't quite believe them. "It's all over; we won." I leaned towards him, pulling him into my arms and holding him close to me. He didn't hesitate to wrap his arms around me, hauling me against him as the tension seeped out of his body. He released a deep shuddering breath and I went to pull back when I felt him begin to sob quietly against me. Rocking him slowly, I ran a hand through the hair at the back of his head. "What's the matter Seamus?" "I don't know," he muttered into my shoulder, "I've had to be strong for so long and now I don't know what to do." "It's ok," I assured gently. "It's ok, you can let it all out now. It's ok." He let out a deep breath before really letting all his tension out. I don't know how long I held him for, but eventually his sobs died out but he continued to hold onto me until he found it in himself to pull away. Charlie who, upon hearing Seamus's sobs, had padded hesitantly into the room placed his paw on Seamus's lap as if to comfort him. Chuckling, Seamus reached out to pet the top of his head. "I'm alright buddy." Glancing away from Charlie, Seamus gave me a look that had me instantly on the defensive. "What?" I asked suspiciously. Reaching into his pocket, he removed his wand and recited a spell which had a bouquet of flowers sprouting from the tip of his wand. He held the bouquet out for me to take. "What's going on?" I took the bouquet, raising it to my nose. "I thought now that everything's over you wouldn't be allowed to do magic around me anymore?" "That's true," he agreed, avoiding my eyes and turning away from me to play with Charlie. "But I've had you registered so it's fine." "Registered?" I repeated with furrowed eyebrows. "What does that mean?" "I'll tell you," he assured me, giving me a quick glance. There was an unusual smirk playing around his lips. "Eventually." "Seamus Finnegan," I complained, swatting his arm. "I will tell you," he promised. "Just give me a few years."