name in urgent concern. There was a thud and I froze midstep, hand tightening on my bag strap as ice settled into my form. Slowly I turned back to the group and found him collapsed on the floor, his things scattered around him. Hurrying back to their side, I crouched down beside Ron. My fingers went to his pulse point and I found it beating steadily under my fingers. "Harry, run ahead and tell Pomfrey that we need her to come here," I commanded as I carded my shaking fingers through his hair. Hermione was stood beside me, staring down at his still form. Letting out a shaky breath I couldn't stop the thought that I had caused this. Godric, this was my fault. The self-blaming continued on long after Pomfrey had arrived at the library, declared him simply asleep and had taken him to the hospital wing to keep him under watch. It continued even when the twins found me to assure me that it wasn't my fault. It was simply a side-effect to him having consumed the potion which had completely left his system now. It was all over. According to the twins Ron had been confined to the hospital wing for the rest of the week so he could regain his strength and he had been asking for me. I didn't believe them. Why would he be asking for me if we potion had worn off? Unless he wanted to confront me for taking advantage of him and not ending it all sooner? It seemed like the twins grew tired of my avoidance and had decided that the solution to it was to abduct me on my way back to the common room. I had been innocently talking to Angie as we walked when they had appeared before us. Pushing their way in between me and Angie, they each took to one of my sides and before I knew it, I was being dragged away from Angie. By the time I realised that we were heading towards the Hospital wing, my heels had begun to drag along the floor in protest. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" I demanded as the doors to the hospital wing came into view. "Being good big brothers," George remarked as if it was obvious once they had both stopped trying to drag me along with them. "How is this you being good older brothers?" "Because Ron wants to see you and we're taking you to see him," Fred announced bluntly. My eyes drifted past the twins and settled onto the closed doors. With a shake of my head I looked back to the twins, "Why?" "Look there's something we should have told you earlier," George began quietly, fidgeting with his tie. Fred shared a look with his brother, "about the chocolate he ate." Narrowing my eyes, I crossed my arms and stared up at them impatiently, "Well?" "It did have a love potion in it," George hurried to assure me, "Except –" "Except?" "Well we already told you that we'd modified it," Fred defended, "it was a love potion to bring repressed romantic feelings to the surface." "Repressed romantic feelings," I echoed in shock. Godric I was pitiful, I could feel the way my heart rate picked up at those words. "It's meant to let the person deal with them head on." Fred cracked an awkward grin, "I guess it means that Ronnykins had a crush on you all along, Ford." Letting out a breath I took a moment to gather my thoughts. Still, none of this made sense but for now I just needed to see him. Uncrossing my arms, I looked back to the twins. "I hope you realise that this is all your fault." "And we won't bother to deny it," George accepted, stepping aside to let me pass. Fred mirrored his movements, "Now go get your man." "Oh shut up you dickheads," I muttered as I brushed past them and crossed the remaining distance to the hospital wing. Once I had entered the hospital wing, I cautiously walked further into the room and scanned each bed as I passed it. My eyes drifted to the end of the room and settled onto a head of red hair as they slept in the bed. Taking another breath, I walked towards his bed and settled down into the chair beside his bed. Ron was clearly asleep and I had no idea how long he was going to sleep for. But, as I took his hand and felt the warmth of it in mine, I was glad that he hadn't been awake. At least this way I was able to gather my thoughts for just a while longer and I could avoid the inevitable fall back of everything for a short while. Merlin, what the hell was I doing crushing on a boy 2 years younger than me? Especially when that boy was the younger brother of some of my closest friends? The quiet voice inside my head reminded me that he was 16 now but why did that mean anything? Especially when I had nothing more than a few more months in Hogwarts? And why the hell was I thinking of this as if we were going to start dating? Whether we 'dated' or even stayed friends would depend on how Ron felt when he woke up. I lost myself in my thoughts, becoming startled when I felt him squeeze my hands. My eyes shot to his, seeing them open. He regarded me cautiously and I swallowed thickly, trying to retract my hand. He held firm. "I remember everything," he said quietly, slowly as if he'd thought over the words a thousand times, "While I'm embarrassed it took a potion to show you, I'm glad I at least did it." The relief that filled me at his words was ridiculous. But I didn't voice that. Instead I smiled gently, squeezing his hand and said softly, "Me too."