help out whenever I don't have to be at work." It had taken a few months but now, a year after the battle of Hogwarts, the shop was ready for its reopening. George had started by taking up a single shift a week which quickly turned into working 3 or 4 shifts. That soon spiralled into working every single day. His passion for the shop had returned with a vengeance and suddenly, two months ago, he had announced that he would be shutting the shop down for a few months in order to give it a complete fixing over. He had gone to work creating new products and I was by his side the entire time. I had taken the day off from work to help George set up and we were currently stocking the shelves with the new products as well as some old favourites. "Do you think we're ready for the grand reopening?" I asked, placing the last of the Skiving Snack boxes onto the shelf. Once I was done, I stood beside him as he scanned the entire shop. "We should be." "Should be?" I reached over to take the clipboard from his hands to check over the list of supplies. Ticking off the Canary Creams, I scanned over the list. "I think that's about everything." "I just can't help but think that something's missing," he admitted quietly, biting down on his bottom lip. Hmm. Looking over the shop once again, my eyes settled onto a plain part of the wall behind the counter. There was nothing on it. "I think I have an idea," I muttered before disappearing into the back room of the shop. When George had started coming back to the shop, I had ordered another portrait of Fred to be made and it had been placed into the back room of the shop. I thought that it made George feel less alone if he could actually talk to Fred as he created his products. Taking the portrait from the back room, I hung it up behind the counter. I peered at George cautiously. "Is that better?" I asked carefully. "Much." He said with a grin, coming up behind the counter to wrap an arm around my shoulder. He squeezed my shoulder and looked down at me. "Are you ready to officially reopen?" At my nod George walked over to the door. Unlocking the door he stepped aside as the first customers walked in. A crowd soon developed and I was pleased to see that many of George's customers had returned. Business picked up quickly as I rushed to make sure that the shelves were never empty. "Watch out," George said as I tried to push through the crowd to restock a shelf. He pushed me behind him slightly to avoid being crushed. "Is it always this busy?" I asked him. "Most of the customers are kids who are getting their prank supplies for when they go back to Hogwarts." "They're going to give Filch a heart attack." I gave a slight smirk when I saw the number of children in the crowd. Seeing the line that was being to build up in front of the counter, I excused myself and headed to the counter. I started to ring up the total, smiling at the customers as I did so. "How are we doing?" George asked, appearing behind me after a few minutes to whisper in my ear. "Is the reopening a success?" "I'd definitely say so." I looked back at him with a smile. "I don't think business has ever been better. But you might need to start hiring some staff if business continues to be like this. Or at least hire an assistant? "Want to fill the position?" He asked once I had dealt with the line of customers. Leaning against the counter, George crossed his arms over his chest. "You can ditch your boring job in the ministry and help me." "I'll think about it." He grinned down at me, jumping slightly when Fred's portrait let out a long suffering groan. We both looked at the portrait as it began to speak. "Are you going to stand there all day Georgie, or are you going to kiss her?" Colour assaulted George's cheeks, turning his ears a brilliant shade of crimson. He muttered something under his breath and walked away, leaving me alone. "You can't run forever," the portrait called out teasingly at George's retreating back. "Honestly," I said rolling my eyes at the portrait, "Leave him alone Fred." "I'm only trying to speed the process along," Fred cajoled. "Merlin knows I spent years trying to convince him to finally tell you how he feels." A new line of customers had quickly formed in front of the counter, making me turn my attention away from the portrait. But its words kept repeating in my head for hours until it was time to close the shop down. "Where do you think you're going?" A voice asked, just as I stepped out of the shop. I jumped slightly at the sound of George's voice. "Merlin George, you'll give a girl a heart attack." I turned to face him as he dropped into step beside me. "I thought you said you were closing up the shop." "I was." Putting his hands into his pockets, he watched me carefully. "You didn't answer my question; where are you going." "Home." "No you're not." I raised an eyebrow. "I'm not." "You're not," he repeated, closing the space between us to link an arm through mine. "You're coming with me." "Where?" I asked, making no move to pull my arm away from his. Instead I followed after him, knowing that there was no point in protesting. "We're going on a date." "We are?" I stopped in my tracks making him look back at me. "You heard me." George smiled patiently down at me as he pulled me into his side, "I've decided to take Fred up on his advice."