anything on me. So can I go now?" He remained silent, an amused smirk tugging at his lips as he nodded. Making my way to the portrait hole I paused at the sound of Abraxus' voice. "You're smitten Tom," he remarked. "She's got you wrapped around her finger." "And what's so bad about that?" Tom asked in his normally haughty voice. Once I was outside of the heads dorm I chewed on the inside of my cheek. It was obvious that I had completed my mission and now I just had to do the hardest part. I needed to return home. With a deep sigh I touched my hand to the time turner that was hiding beneath my shirt. I pushed the thought from my mind as I completed my rounds. When I was done I found myself standing outside of Dumbledore's office. Knocking on the door I waited for him to call me in. "Come in, come in." Entering the office I sat down in one of the chairs in front of his desk, fiddling with the hem of my skirt. "What is it my dear?" "Professor," I began quietly, raising my eyes up to meet his. "I – I think it's time I went back." Dumbledore watched me contemplatively, "Do you want to go back Miss Stevens." "Of course I do." Even I could hear the lie in my voice. "Of course I want to go home." "But it is still home?" At his question I removed the time turner from around my neck and fiddled with the chain. I couldn't answer his question. Dumbledore stood from his desk and came to stand beside me, setting a hand on my shoulder. "Can I see that?" He held out a hand for the time turner. Once it was placed in the centre of his palm Dumbledore waked back around his desk, staring at it. "It's a remarkable piece of magic, don't you think? It gives one the power to change a magnitude of things." "Professor?" He didn't acknowledge me as he placed the time turner on his desk and pulled his wand from his pocket. "Reducto!" The piece of the now broken time turner scattered and I felt my heart plummet. I was stuck here – "Why did you do that?" I found myself asking quietly. "A broken heart can do many things," he answered gravely. "It would be best to not find out what it does to Mr Riddle. Although, now you do have a reason to stay." After a few moments I excused myself from Dumbledore's office and headed back to my dorm, his words echoing through my mind. The next morning when I sat down for breakfast it felt different because I knew that there was no way for me to go back home. But I didn't think I had a problem with that. I was talking to Melinia when I was interrupted by a tap on my shoulder. Looking over my shoulder I glanced questioningly at the first year standing in front of me. "Mr Riddle asked for you to meet him in the corridor," with that the first year turned and walked away. Melinia, having heard the words, ushered me away quickly and I excused myself from the table. Stepping into the corridor I found Tom waiting against the wall and made my way over to him. When I was standing in front of him he took a hold of my hand and pulled me closer to his. "I heard that you went to see Dumbledore last night?" He asked in concern. "Is everything alright?" "Do you have spies watching me or something?" I narrowed my eyes at him suspiciously but he only smiled innocently. "But everything's fine." And it really was. Smiling up at Tom, I rose onto my toes to press a soft kiss to his lips. His surprise was obvious and understandable; I had never initiated a kiss before. It was one of the ways I had tried to restrain myself from growing too attached to him. But I didn't have to worry about that anymore. Tom let go of my hand to press against the small of my back and pull me into him. When we eventually separated from each other, Tom wrapped an arm around my shoulder and led me out of the building, it was the start of the weekend and I didn't want to spend the day cooped up inside. "Did you decide on what you want to do when you leave school Tom?" I asked, needing one last piece of proof that I had managed to change him. "I wanted to teach at Hogwarts; I always have but I don't think I'm experienced enough to." He squeezed my shoulder. "But I've been offered a job at the ministry where I can gain the necessary experience." I smothered a smile by turning into his side; I had changed him. "So you're not going to work at Borgin and Burkes then?" "I had to make sure that whatever job I go into, will allow me the chance to become successful enough to support a family." "A family?" I asked, stopping mid step. He'd never mentioned wanting a family. "A family," he nodded with a smile. "You, me and a few children. But not for a few years yet – you did say that you wanted to start a career first." "I did," I agreed, watching him closely. He was looking away from me. Trying to hide how big a deal the words were for him. "What did you decide to become then?" "An auror." He snapped his head towards me, glaring into my eyes. "No, there is no way you are going neat any dark wizards." "Oh if only you knew," I muttered to myself, the irony not lost on me. Tom cleared his throat sharply, obviously having heard my words. "I'm only joking Tom – I'm planning to become a healer." Original text Contribute a better translation