praised out. Ari could feel her face flood with heat. "Oh no Professor. I would be lucky to have such a beautiful girl as Bella to call mine," Tom replied back cooly. Her head shot up at his answer, her eyes bugged out. Is he on something? Slughorn chuckled and shook his head while murmuring 'pity'. They were dismissed early and Ari quickly ran away from him after they cleaned up. She wanted nothing to do with this oddly perfect boy. She stowed away in the library until her next class came to a start, Transfiguration with Professor Dumbledore. He was such a sweet old man who seemed to be quite wise. Mia was in this class with her as well and sat next to Ari. "What was that all about in Potions?!" Fuchs screeched out. Ari shook her head, unsure herself. "I don't honestly know. Dorian introduced me to all of his buddies last night because I had been reading in our library and now this is happening. This is our sixth year and I was doing so good at avoiding people. I don't get it." She said with a groan. She just wanted to be left alone. It was better that way. "Ari, the guy who most of the girls consider to be seriously the handsomest boy in our school is paying attention to you !" She let out a squeal and gave the poor Slytherin girl a hug. The day went by in a flash and soon Aribella was sitting with Mia and Camilla in the Great Hall for dinner time. They were all quietly chatting to one another about their days. Apparently Cami had a new boyfriend, a Gryffindor boy at that. The girls giggled and teased Cami while eating ham with large slices of bread slathered in butter. Ari took a swig of pumpkin juice when hands landed on her shoulders, causing her to almost spit it out at the kid across the table. "Hey baby sis, was wondering if you would sit with my pals and I today?" Dorian Malfoy asked Ari with a wolfish grin. She sneered at him. "You're only older than me by a day big bro, and no, I won't. Your pretty boyfriend has been bothering me all day and I don't want to deal with even being near him anymore than in class." She swatted at her big brother and he gave her a pout. His blonde hair fell into his face as he rested his chin on top of her head. "Pretty pleaaase, for me? Just today, then I will never ask it of you again!" "No, brother mine. That is final. You knew I didn't want anyone to pay attention to me here, yet you had to introduce me to all of your buddies last night. Thanks alot, now please, leave me be." She stood up, not even bothering to finish eating and took off. She needed fresh air. Dorian gave a defeated sigh and went over to where all of the Knights had been sitting. Tom was watching him silently with an eyebrow raised. "She denied me," Malfoy said with a deep frown. He wasn't used to being rejected, but his little sister was very good at not allowing people to win against her. Tom rolled his eyes and stood up silently, then took off in the way that Ari had gone. "Why are you so interested in her?" He asked himself while sitting down so he could eat. Aribella sat down on a bench outside, enjoying the cool fall weather. School at Hogwarts had just begun, it was only the tail end of September and she loved the leaves changing colors, the crisp smells and the autumn breeze. She closed her eyes and let the weather relax her as the sun was slowly beginning to set. "This is quite a beautiful view," a deep voice drawled out from behind her. She let out a small girlish cry and turned around to see Tom with his arms crossed over his chest watching her. "Better than sitting around with all of those boys talking about girls and pranks.." He continued on. He sat down next to her, forcing her to scoot away until she was right up against the pillar to her left. She grimaced as he slid to pin her there. "What do you want Riddle?" She inquired for what felt like the millionth time that day. "Your time, Bella ," he whispered out while running a hand against her cheek. Her heart felt as if it was going to explode. "I am not some toy you can play with and throw away once you get bored Tom. I've seen what you do to those poor girls. You play with their hearts and cast them aside once they are of no use to you anymore. I will not be your plaything. Now please, leave me be." She glared at him as she went to stand up, only to be forced back down by a strong hand on the sleeve of her robes. She let out a yelp in shock. "Who said you were going to be a plaything to me my dear?" He breathed out against her ear. He had his chest pressed against her back now and began to play with her dark and beautifully curled hair. She shuddered and closed her eyes once again. "Give me a chance Aribella. Let me take you to Hogsmeade this weekend, just us." Tom purred out while sliding a hand down the side of her arm. She gulped and shook her head. "I can't do that Riddle. As tempting as it is, you're a player and I am not interested. Have a good day." She stood up once again, this time Tom let her go, watching her hips sway from beneath the billowing student robe. He smirked and shook his head. The poor thing was going to put up a fight and he was ready for the challenge.