and gave me a reassuring smile, let go of my hand and walked towards Voldemort. Before any of us had the chance to doubt Neville, he spoke passionately, standing to defy the no nosed tyrant. Tears gathered in the corner of my eyes at his words. I blinked away my tears and frowned slightly – for a moment there it looked like Harry had moved in Hagrid's arms. And he had. I gave a startled gasp as Harry flew out of Hagrid's arm, shooting a spell at Voldemort. Harry's sudden movement brought back our fighting spirit and suddenly the battle was raging on as if it had never stopped in the first place. Everyone ran back into the castle to ward off more attacks from the death eaters. Pushing through the crowd, I stood in the hallway that I had been assigned to guard. My partner, a senior member of the order, had been severely injured and was being tended. I drew my hand, tightening my hold on it; I'd have to do this alone. Raising my wand I pointed it towards the small group of approaching death eaters. There were too many of them for me to fend off on my own. Instead I pointed my hand to one of the walls of the corridor that the death eaters were rapidly moving down. " Reducto!" The wall exploded, taking down two of the death eaters and blocking the path for the rest of the small group. That was for Fred, I thought vindictively as I turned to run further into the castle. Just thinking about Fred emphasised the unpredictability of this war; there was no way of knowing which moment would be your lost. If I died tonight then I would die for a worthy cause. But I wouldn't want to die with any regrets. It was with that mentality that I caught Neville's arm as he went to run past me and towards a group of students. Feeling the touch on his arm he turned to look at me. Seeing that it was just me, he loosened his hold on his wand which had been instinctively pointed between my eyes. "What's wrong?" He asked, his eyes scanning over me as if he was looking for an outward sign of a large injury. "Are you alright? What about the –" "Shut up for just thirty seconds Neville and listen to me," I said quietly, silencing the boy. His eyes looked into mine steadily and I felt my mouth run dry. I cleared my throat, if I didn't do this now then who knows when I'd work up the courage to do it. "I've spent a while thinking about this and honestly, I might die tonight." "You won't so –" "I might Neville," I insisted, "But it's a reality I've accepted. Truthfully I'd hate to die without doing this at least once." "Doing what?" He asked before I could actually do anything. Ignoring his question, I took his face in both of my hands. His eyes widened dramatically. Rising onto my toes, I pressed my lips quickly against his. I could feel his lips part in disbelief. Without looking at his face, I pulled away and ran down the corridor only to run head on into a death eater. I drew my wand before they had even finished their spell, " Stupefy! " Voldemort was dead and Harry had one. We had one. It was a little hard to believe. Not even ten minutes ago, we were fighting for our lives and now there was nothing to be worried about. The death eaters had been rounded up and those that had managed to escape were to be captured as soon as possible. We had all gathered in the great hall to properly mourn those lost and to celebrate those that had survived. Just as I entered the great hall I was greeted by Luna who instantly pulled me into a tight hug. She spun us both round in a circle as she gave a chime of laughter. I hugged her tighter and felt myself smile for the first time today. She pulled back from me and gestured to something behind my shoulder. Glancing over my shoulder at an approaching Neville, I felt myself pale. I turned back quickly only to find that Luna had disappeared. Merlin, how was I supposed to explain why I had practically forced a kiss onto him? I cleared my throat and turned back around to greet Neville. He didn't let me get a single word out, he started speaking the moment my eyes had met his. The words poured out of him quickly, the end of one word running into the start of the next. But somehow I was able to understand him. "I'd hate to lose courage and never actually do this." He muttered. "Do what?" My voice trailed off when Neville took a hold of my chin and used it to tip my head up. I watched him as he slowly leaned towards me; his eyes scanning my reaction closely. I closed my eyes and waited for the gentle press of his lips against mine. This kiss, our second one, was different from the first. It was still chaste, just the gentle pressing of lips, but it lasted longer than the first, if only by a few seconds. This time there was no hesitation, uncertainty, and definitely no prominent concern for our own mortality. Pulling away from each other I looked up into Neville's eyes. He was smiling down at me, his cheeks becoming pink under my eyes. I couldn't help but laugh gently. "Can I tell you a secret?" He asked after a few moments. When I nodded he continued, "Three years ago, after the yule ball, I really wanted to kiss you." "I wish you had," I admitted, reaching across to take his hand in mine. Squeezing my hand in his, he raised it to his lips. "Better late than never."