I realized something," She paused, taking a deep breath, "I was alone. Because no matter what, during those six years I was never alone, I could always count on you each day, each year to be there for me. Even if I didn't like it." "So, what," James interrupted, spinning on his heels and stomping towards her, "you just want to go out until you find someone else? 'Til you're not alone anymore? Then what? You dump me off like some puppy until you're alone again?" "No, James," He flinched at the sound of his name coming from her lips, "I want you there forever because over the past month I was hit with a truth: no matter how many people I have around me, without you I will always feel alone." She was, once again, only a few inches from James wet face. She had to fight back tears of her own, recognizing that this was not her time to show weakness. "So, I'll try again; I want you to take me to Hogsmeade this weekend." "Yeah," He started, wiping his eyes with his sleeves, "I'd gladly take you to Hogsmeade." He finished, sounding as though he wasn't sure about his decision. "We should probably head back." He said, turning around and walking back toward the portrait hole, not waiting for Lily to catch up. Despite this, she did. "So," "Evans, let's not try to act as though we're better friends than we are, okay? Not yet. Because, honestly, I'm still doubtful that after this 'date' you'll want to go further." "I was going to remind you that we have patrol soon." "Right," James stopped outside the portrait hole, said the password and continued, "I'll see you then, I guess." "Yeah, I guess so." Lily answered, but it wasn't heard because James was already walking towards his dorm stairs. Remus and Sirius watched him go while they sat on the couch they were near before, Remus now had the previous girl on his lap, while Sirius had been napping. Peter was back over reading his book and hadn't noticed the two return. After James had finished going up the staircase, Remus and Sirius looked to Lily with confused looks. Lily said nothing and walked up her own dorm steps to find Marlene. "So, how'd it go?" "Terrible. I think he hates me and I don't even blame him, after everything I put him through I'd hate me too. I do hate me." Lily said, plopping down on Marlene's bed, Marlene had been lying down, reading a book. "That's not proper grammar." "I don't care. He got so upset. Then he said 'we shouldn't act like we're better friends than we are.'" "Well, what were you expecting?" Asked Marlene, now sitting up. "I don't know. Maybe a little more enthusiasm? But I'm not surprised, I knew this would end horribly." "Did he accept the take you, though?" "Yeah, but—″ "Then don't complain. You just have to make it the best date of his life and considering it will be with The Lily Evans, it shouldn't be that hard." "Yeah, The Lily Evans that ruined his life." "Oh, shut up and get off my bed. Don't you have to get ready for patrol?" "Yeah." "Then go!" Marlene ordered, hitting Lily's arm with the book. "How'd it go, mate?" "I'm taking her to Hogsmeade next weekend." Remus gave James a light punch on the shoulder. "Hey! That's great! That is great, right?" He asked after seeing the numbness in James' face. "I don't know, Moony, I'm just trying not to get my hopes up. I'm just so used to the rejection now it seems odd to not be receiving it." "Well, Prongs, I know it's weird, but you have to seize the moment—″ "Because this could be a one in a lifetime thing, I know." James let out a deep sigh and ran fingers through his hair, leaving a hand behind his head. "And I know I should be excited, I should be running up the bloody walls. I should be worried about this weekend; I should be planning everything out to make sure it goes perfectly because I've been waiting for this moment for years. But I just can't. And I don't know why." Thankfully, Sirius walked in after James finished, Remus had been at a loss of words. "Prongs, mate! I heard you got a date! Hell yea— why aren't we celebrating?" "Prongs doesn't want to get his hopes up." Remus explained. "Are you kidding me?" Sirius roared, his voice now livid. "After all this time, after all the tears and effort that you- that we had to put into getting you a date over the years. Now you finally get one and you're trying not to get your hopes up? Get your ass out of that chair and get downstairs, and you better look happy because we have a reputation to protect!" Sirius commanded, now in front of James who was sat in his chair from the Marauders' previous meeting. "Listen, Pads, I appreciate what you're trying to here but—″ "I said now, young man. And don't make me take off my belt!" Sirius said in a mock-stern voice before breaking out into a smile. "Come on, Prongs. Let's go enjoy the last little bit of time you have before you have to deal with the most awkward patrol ever." "Why did you have to remind me?" James asked, groaning. "Well, if I didn't someone else was going to and I figured that you'd rather hear it from my beautiful lips." "Alright, let's go." James pushed himself out of the chair and began walking for the door; Sirius and Remus followed. As the three were walking down the staircase James locked eyes with Lily who was now sitting on one of the couches alone. Before James forced a smile back onto his face, as single thought went through his mind: 'This is gonna be one Hell of a night.'