bed, listening to Fred as he described the situation, adding his own colourful vocabulary to describe Bradley as he did so. When Fred had finished talking, Angie and Ali both sat in silence. Fred and I shared a look only for me to jump when Angie started raging. "That nerve of the arrogant shit." She fumed, pacing up and down the room as she clenched her hands into fists at her side. "Who the hell does he think he is? Merlin, you're the one out of his league and he has the nerve to cheat on you. When I see the little fucker -" "Angie," I said quietly, cutting her off before she could get any angrier. "We get it, he's a piece of work." "What are we supposed to do to get back at him?" Fred asked from beside me. "We could set Oliver on him." Ali suggested, speaking up for the first time. "Merlin knows if we set him on Bradley then he might just wish for death." "I don't know," I said slowly, "I kind of want to keep Oliver out of my personal life. He told me not the date Bradley the moment that he had found out and well once he's dealt with him he'll just told me that he told me so. I've heard enough of that phrase to last me a lifetime." "I think I have an idea," Angie said as she made her way back towards us, looking between Fred and I as she did so. "What?" I asked apprehensively, recognising the look on her face. "Angie?" Apparently I had no reason to know the plan and so Angie didn't tell me the plan. She leaned over to whisper the plan into Fred's ear and then Ali's. After he had heard the plan Fred agreed to it easily and turned to look at me. "Do you think it'll work?" I asked him. He nodded and I shrugged, "What have I got to lose; let's do it." The next morning as we all sat for breakfast, Angie decided that there was enough people crowded into the great hall for the plan to be initiated. She said that the more people that were around to see this, the bigger his embarrassment would be. I still had no idea about what the plan was, but even George and Lee now knew what the plan was. George and Lee walked into the great hall and sat down beside Ali, opposite of Fred and I. Filling their plate with food they glanced up at us, looking between the pair of us. "He's on his way," George said, passing his brother a plate of toast. "We passed him on our way here." "Alright so I know I said that I was fine with not knowing the plan," I said after a moment, turning to look at Fred as he sat beside me, my back now to the entrance of the great hall, "But seeing as we're about to actually start the plan, can I know what it is now?" The only answer I got was Fred looking down at me with a grin on his face. I rolled my eyes only to pause slightly when Fred's eyes narrowed as he looked over my shoulder. Glancing over my shoulder I saw Bradley walk into the great hall, hanging around the doors as he talked to one of his friends. Seeing my eyes on him, Bradley smiled and walked over towards us. Turning my back to him I glanced up at Fred. "Fred? The plan?" "Just don't hit me," he warned quietly as he set an arm on my arm. "Why would I hit you?" I asked back just as quietly as he tugged me along the bench and towards him. He moved even closer to me, his thigh pressing against mine. Lowering his head towards mine, he kept his eyes on mine. I let out a slight breath, feeling my heart start to thump erratically in my chest. "I've been wanting to do this since you slipped something into my pumpkin juice three years ago." Ducking his head down, Fred pressed his lips against mine. At the contact, any awareness of the people around me faded away and I found myself leaning into him, tilting my head upwards to get closer to him. He leaned back slightly, his nose brushing against mine as I heard the murmur of people's voices as they talked about what they were seeing. I briefly heard Bradley call my name as I linked my hands behind Fred's neck and leaned up to kiss him again. My lips parted under his and Fred took the chance to deepen the kiss, his hands clutching my waist to pull me against him. I finally remembered that we were in public at the sound of the ever increasing whispers around us, I pulled away from Fred. Watching Fred from under my eyelashes, I moved away from him slightly, sliding my hands down to his chest. Taking in a breath I noticed a two raging male forms standing behind us. One belonging to Bradley and the other belonging to my brother. "We need to do that again," Fred said quietly, trailing a hand to my cheek and pulling my attention away from the two of them. "Soon and preferably with no one else around." "We should," I agreed quietly just as Oliver, seeming to lose his patience, stalked towards us. "Weasley!" Oliver bellowed curiously, walking towards us to take a hold of Fred's robes in a tight fist. "Get your slimy hands off of my sister!" Fred rose to his feet, watching Oliver wearily. He raised his hands up in surrender and gently removed Oliver's hand from him. Fred leaned down to press a kiss to my cheek, he ducked away from Oliver and out of the hall. Oliver's eyes narrowed onto Fred as he chased him out of the great hall. And who said that Oliver couldn't run?