had to time it perfectly. "Confringo!" The stone archway exploded as the spell hit it, sending the rubble onto the crowd of death eaters below. My heart beat madly in my chest; it didn't seem to dissuade the death eaters. In fact, they climbed over the rubble and continued to advance the castle. There was no time to rest as I found myself duelling countless death eaters who were willing to use more deadly curses than I was and they were using them often. Casting a shield in front of me to block the angry red spell that was flying towards me, I paid no attention to what was happening behind me. Perhaps I should have. If I had, then maybe I would have been able to block the spell that hit me straight in the centre of my back. I crumbled to the floor with a strangled gasp, eyes closing despite my struggle to keep them open. Later would have to wait. When my eyes opened again, it was because I was so uncomfortable. Looking straight ahead, I stared at the familiar ceiling of the Hogwarts hospital wing. What was I doing here? The last I remembered, I was fighting against a death eater when I struck in the back … by a spell – This wasn't the time to be lying around, there was a war going on. One that would affect every aspect of my life. I went to get up, stopping mid action when I couldn't move one of my hands. Looking down at the hand, I furrowed my eyebrows when I saw that someone was holding it and a head of red hair was currently sleeping against those hands. Trying to slip my hand out without waking the person, I failed miserably. They stirred at my movements and sat up so quickly that I was surprised that he didn't get whiplash. Percy looked down at me with wide eyes. "You're awake," he breathed out in disbelief. "Of course I am," I said with furrowed eyebrows. "How long was I asleep for?" "Almost 24 hours," he replied, taking the hand he was still holding between both of his. My mouth parted in shock, "Almost 24 hours, then that means – what happened Percy? Did Harry-" "We won," he assured me with a big smile, but I could tell from his voice that he was still not able to believe it. "Harry finished Voldemort off and he's never coming back." "Merlin that's the best news I could ever hear." I pressed my head back against the pillow and looked contemplatively away from him. "What's the damage? Is it serious?" He pressed a kiss to the back of my hand, "It's not – you need to take a potion for the next month but after that you'll be fine. I would call Madame Pomfrey but she'd currently adding to the list of the … of the dead." I let out a sharp breath. Every war had casualties but it was still so completely shocking. "And this list," I started cautiously, almost not wanting an answer to the question I was going to ask. Looking back at him, I swallowed dryly; I was parched. Realising the fact, Percy summoned a cup and muttered a quiet 'Aguamenti' before propping me up so I could drink from the cup. Once I was finished, I sat up against the back of the bed. I looked down at the bed beneath me, tracing random patterns as I tried to summon up the courage to ask my question. I felt him take my hand in his and give it a reassuring squeeze. "Percy, on the list, is there anyone that-" The doors slammed open, the man striding into the hospital wing catching our attention. "Percy," Fred said loudly, paying no mind to the other patients in the room as he strode towards the bed I was in. "You haven't left her side since the battle ended – Mum said for you to go home and shower or something, I'll stay with her." His voice trailed off when he saw that I was very much awake. "Fred," I greeted with a smile, eyes clouding over with concern when I took in the arm that was still in a sling. "What happened?" "This old thing?" He gestured to his arm as George walked into the hospital wing and came to a stop at his brother's side. "I got it when Percy tackled me." "You tackled him?" I looked back to the Weasley that was still sitting by my side. "With good reason," George added, "If he hadn't then this idiot would've been crushed by a wall." "I never thought I'd owe my life to Percy," Fred remarked, triggering an eye roll from his older brother. "Is everyone else alright?" I realised that Percy hadn't had the chance to answer my question. "Everyone's fine. We're all alive, a little scratched up but alive." George threw an arm over Fred's shoulder and started to pull him in the direction of the doors. "Now, I'm going to take the hint that Percy's been giving us leave the two of you alone." "Call for Madame Pomfrey whilst you're at it," Percy called out to his younger brothers. Once the twins had left the room, I back towards him. "Percy?" "There's something I need to talk to you about," he explained. I shuffled on the bed, fixing the pillow behind me in an attempt to get comfortable. He stood up quickly, arms coming around on either side of me to fix the pillow behind me. Once he was finished, I leaned back against the pillows but he didn't move away. Instead, he pressed closer. "Perce –" His lips smothered my words. I stayed unresponsive against him, mind running wild as I tried to figure out what was going on, only for it to switch off seconds later when he pushed even closer. Fisting the bedsheet beneath me, I returned his kiss