How the hell am I going to tell them apart?" "Well I guess you'll have to find a way to tell them apart then won't you?" "I guess I'll just go ask them then," I said before excusing myself. Walking over to the twins I introduced myself. The twin on the left raised my hand to his lips and I raised an eyebrow. He glanced over my shoulder in the direction that I had just walked from. "I'm Fred," he said, introducing himself as I pulled my hand back. "And I'm George," his brother said, pushing Fred out of the slightly. I turned over my shoulder to throw Charlie a smug look; it was easy to find out which twin was which. But my expression froze when I saw his facial expression. "What's his problem?" I muttered quietly. "Would you look at that?" George said quietly as he wrapped an arm around my shoulder. "He really did get jealous." "Would you boys leave the poor girl alone," Mrs Weasley said as she walked briefly out of the kitchen and spotted me. Swatting George's hand off of me, she took my hand and led me into the kitchen. When we were in the kitchen, I leaned against the counter slightly, "Is there anything I can help you with?" "Actually there is," She said with a smile as she picked up a tray of warmed pumpkin juice. "Can you give these out?" "Of course," I said taking the tray from her. Mrs Weasley called my name quietly, making me look up at her. "You must mean a lot to Charlie; you're the first girl he's brought home." "Ever?" " Ever ." I glanced down at the tray in my hands, "You know I was worried; he's so far away from home and he's on his own. I was worried about if he'd ever settle down and if I'd ever get another daughter-in-law. But I'm not so worried anymore." I cleared my throat slightly, "I'm not sure about that – I, I should go and hand these out." Handing out the glasses of pumpkin juice I talked to some of the people in the burrow. I tried not to give Mrs Weasley's words another thought but it was hard to do. When I reached Charlie, he took the tray out of my hands and put it on the table. Taking the last two glasses, he handed me one and took a sip of the other. "You seemed to be getting along with the twins." He said suggestively. "They're too young for me," I muttered from behind the glass. At my words his expression changed and he returned to his normal self. Once all of the food had been brought out I found myself sitting beside Charlie at the table. My eyes widened at the sight of all of the food; I'd never seen so much food on one table. By the time we had all finished eating and we had been sitting down for about an hour, I rose to my feet. Merlin, I felt full and I had another Christmas dinner to eat today. Well, I guess I would be having a food coma tomorrow. "I should go now," I said to Mrs Weasley as I headed to the door. "Do you have to?" Mrs Weasley asked, setting a hand on my arm, "Can't you stay a bit longer? We've hardly spoken." "She can't Mum," Charlie said, appearing at my side with my coat in his hand. He held the coat out and helped me put it on, "She's supposed to be having dinner with her family later as well." "Charlie's right Mum," Bill said, coming up behind Molly as he held a sleeping Victoire in his arms. "Besides, she'll be family soon enough." Ignoring his brothers words Charlie opened the door to. When I stepped out of the burrow, Charlie followed me out and looked back at his mum. "I'll make sure she gets home safe," he assured her. "Goodbye Mrs Weasley, Bill." I stepped back into the house for a second to brush my fingertips affectionately across Victoire's cheek. "Hurry and close the door Bill, Victoire will get cold." When the door had closed, Charlie walked alongside me as I walked further away from the house and towards the apparition point. "You were keen to get me out of there weren't you?" I asked teasingly, looking at a silent Charlie. "Only because Mum would try to use you to get a lot of dirt on me," he assured me, wrapping an arm around my waist in preparation for apparition. "You've been living with me for 4 months now, you'll be a gold mine." I nodded when something above me caught my eyes. "What's that?" Following my gaze, he let out a curse. "It's one of my brother's inventions; magical mistletoe. It's not going to leave us alone until we –" "Until we kiss?" "Yeah that. " "Really," I muttered, turning to look at him, "You're making this a bigger deal than it is." I reached onto my toes to press a chaste kiss to his lips. Pulling away from him I felt his arm tighten around my waist, pulling me against him. He dipped his head towards mine and pressed his lips against mine again. A sudden wolf whistle rang out and we shot apart. Glancing back towards the burrow I saw that the front door was open and Bill stood grinning at us, Victorie no longer in his arms. Percy was standing beside him, his arms crossed across his chest. Percy seemed to grumble something under his breath before pulling out some coins from his pocket and setting them into Bill's open palm. "Unbelievable," Charlie muttered, his words cut off when I leaned up to press my lips to his again, ignoring the bystanders. There was a sudden shout of joy, one that was distinctly Mrs Weasley's. I felt Charlie smile against my lips as he apparated us away.