a patch of lilies nearby and as she watches the petals, they open and close, reaching her hand forward she picks it up. Lily contemplates a hundred different ways she might go up and introduce herself but a fear of rejection has become lodged in her heart. She doesn't think she could bear this rejection. She's not quite brave enough for that. She stays there until her mum and her sister get up to leave. Lily watches them go until they're out of sight. Wendy pulls her arm to get her attention and Lily realizes it's been hours since she sat down. "We have to go miss." When Lily's back home it is almost time for tea, she hurries to her room so she can pretend to have just come out but when she opens the door she see's someone is already in there. Sirius is asleep on her bed but as she closes the door he wakes up abruptly. He just stares at her for a second as if to make sure she's fine before quietly leaving the room without a word. Sirius and Lily rarely fight but when they do it is a hurricane no one wants to get in the way off. That particular day was an unfortunate one to have a row for both of them. They had both arrived at platform nine and three-quarter with their mother and Regulus who wanted to see them off. Father had informed them that he was busy with work and would not be able to come today. To be honest neither of them had minded. The station was packed with children everywhere, some crying as they said goodbye to their parents. Sirius scoffed at some of the drama and Lily had to restrain herself from rolling her eyes at him. Their family had no such problems neither of them expected anything from their mother and after they put their trunks in an empty compartment, came to say goodbye. Regulus looked upset at being the one left behind stared glumly at the Hogwarts express behind them as their mother once again told them to behave. "I'll write to you every week." Lily promises him as she gives him a hug. Regulus hugs back tightly and Lily wishes she could bring her younger brother with her somehow. Sirius nodded along where appropriate but it could clearly be seen that his attention was on the surrounding students. He was angry at her she knew but she didn't care she hadn't done anything wrong. Telling Regulus about their hidden stash of muggle Knick knacks to appease his loneliness at the both of them leaving wasn't breaking their secret, it was sharing their adventures, but Regulus had shown the items to mother and they both gotten into trouble. Lily finds that sometimes Sirius can take sulking to the point of an art. Once the train was on its way things only went from bad to worse. Lily had ended up in a fight with Sirius regarding Regulus and somehow ended up defending their entire family to him. She admitted that it had been a mistake to share their treasures with Regulus but before she knew it they were arguing about everything. She had left to sit back in their compartment but Sirius came back some hours later joined by three boys, Lily ignored them all not even bothering with a polite hello. She turned her face away, looking out the window as she didn't want Sirius to see how upset she was. This was not how she imagined this day would be, she been looking forward to Hogwarts for a long time. The boys were rapidly discussing some altercation they been in with another boy in the corridor and mocking the unfortunate boy from the sound of things they ganged up on him. She ignored the conversation around her. Stupid boys and their stupid fights she hoped this wasn't an indication for the rest of her year. "So you really think your going to be in Slytherin?" The dark haired boy with the glasses was saying to Sirius. "Not if that grease pan is in there." Sirius replied. A chubby blonde boy sniggered at that. There was a knock on their compartment door before it was opened by an elderly woman with a lunch trolley. "Any sweets dear?" she asked the compartment. Lily moved to get some of her money out but Sirius had his in his hands already. "What so you want?" he asked her, he looked worried that perhaps Lily might ignore him in front of his new friends but she was tired from fighting and it seemed like he wanted to be friends again. "Pumpkin pasties." she told him. The rest of the boys got their sweets as the lunch lady went away and Sirius handed over the pasties, she felt the curiosity from the rest of the group. Sirius must have noticed it to. "My sister, Lily." he said to the other boys. There was silence for a moment before the boy with the glasses blurted. "Your eyes are red. Have you been crying?" Lily glared at him. "No." "Do you have allergies?" he persisted. "Yes! To nosy people. Mind your own business." she snapped at him. A chocolate frog jumped out of the hands of the boy in the shabby clothes. The one who barely talked and looked like he been beaten up in a fight. The frog nearly escaped but Sirius caught it handing it back. It broke the awkwardness that had settled in their compartment and gave Lily the excuse to turn away and take out a book to read. The rest of the journey was pleasant enough and she soon she be at Hogwarts. Author Notes: I wanted to experiment with the idea of Lily and Sirius being actual siblings and how that would affect the story, let's see where that leads. Let me know what you think. Ideas, suggestion and reviews will be greatly appreciated.