them together. "Where's Remus?" She said curiously. "Prefect meeting" Peter said simply from behind his friends. "…Say Olive, what were you telling me the other minute?" "Shit!" Olive jumped up in record time, feeling the blood rush to her head. Balls. Bollocks. Bummer. She made to run out the door but there were two problems with this: firstly, there were three boys almost twice her size blocking the way and secondly, the compartment door was only half open. In her haste, she managed to knock her head hard enough to send her flying to the ground. "Oh Olive, really?" "Shit Oberg, are you ok?" "I have to run! Prefect meeting!" She was out of breath by the time she made it to the prefect's compartment, short legs and all. Thankfully, they hadn't started. She was just about to slip in next to her fellow Ravenclaw prefect when she heard someone call out to her. "Olive!" Lily Evans waved at her with a broad smile, oh! perhaps this prefect thing wouldn't be so bad, Lily and her got along very well. "Hi Lily, it's good to see you." "I meant to write you in the holidays, you'll never believe what James did this time, he can't even leave me alone when I'm on holidays? It was the opposite of relaxing having that git send his owl every day!" And there it was, before the term had even started Lily was complaining about James, to be quite honest Olive thought they'd make a cute couple, yin and yang as her mother put it – something from a muggle book supposedly. "He means well" "That bullying, idiot Neanderthal means well? I doubt it. I'd sooner kiss house elf than I'd kiss him, I imagine the house elf would be more pleasant as well" her eyebrows were furrowed deeply as if the mere thought of James was enough to bring on a headache. "Never mind that." Lily said, finally calming down, it seemed like she'd waited all holidays to regale Olive with her stories, though it was a rare occasion that Lily didn't have something James related to complain about so she couldn't be sure. "Did you brew anything interesting in the holidays? Lily finished, a dazzling smile of her pretty face. Yes, but nothing she could offhandedly mention to Lily, her mothers work was rather odd and some of the ingredients she used were...not 'strictly' legal. In the holidays that had just passed her mother had almost blown up the house with one of her wacky creations. "Well...my mother picked up this muggle television thing, we thought we'd look inside of it. Electronics are quite marvellous. My father got a nasty shock!" "A shock? Oh my…was he ok?" Lily's face looked horrified, she didn't know why - a simple healing spell and he was as good as new! "Remus! Over here." Lily called out suddenly. The tall boy whipped his head around as he entered the compartment and the thin line of his lips curved up into a smile as he registered Lily, he was yet to see Olive as she had shrunk back into her chair, hiding behind Lily's shoulder. "Lily, good to see you" He smiled softly as he sat down next to her. "I hope James hasn't been causing you too much grief" She always had thought he had a nice voice, very low and gravelly, attractive in a manly way. "You know how he is" She sighed, rolling her eyes as she saw Olive hiding behind her shoulder. "Remus have you met Olive? She's the prefect for Ravenclaw this year with Jonathon" "Yes, we've met…Olive?" Remus looked confused as he said this, looking around for her, closing her eyes briefly, Olive popped forward with a small smile. "Hi!" she said squeakily as she gazed up at the tall boy. They shared a few classes together and she'd always found him to be the most agreeable of the gang of miscreants known as the Marauders, but she found it rather daunting talking to him, he was a giant and she…she definitely wasn't. She noted he looked downcast at her obvious avoidance, letting his long hair fall forward to cover the angry scars that ran across his handsome face. "Honestly Olive, you talk off my ear one minute and the second anyone else shows up you're as quiet as a mouse. She was just telling me about how she deconstructed a television in the holidays" He laughed heartily at that. "My mum is a muggle so we have a television, you should've seen James and Sirius when they first saw it." He smiled at her. Oh Merlin…he smiled at her! What was she meant to do? Smile back? Laugh? Who knew. Life was full on uncertainties. "Honestly Olive, have you got lockjaw?" Lily rolled her eyes, she'd been witness to her escapades far too many times. "Oh…right…Sorry Remus. Did you have a nice holiday? You look like you've um…"She bit her lip as she scanned her eyes over his body…"Grown?" "You know how boys are, I'll probably be even taller by the end of the year" Remus lowered his head uncomfortably, Olive could feel his eyes on her, probably noting how small she was in comparison. Lily slapped her hand into her forehead at that comment. "You are the biggest idiot I know Olive, that's honestly all you can come up with?" "I…Oh! The meeting is starting; we better focus on that, no need to tear into poor little Olive…no need at all!" She widened her green eyes and batted her eyelids at Lily as she said this. Lily knew better than anyone that she was a bit socially inept, when they'd first met she hadn't looked Lily in the eye for at least a week! The head boy rambled on about arrangements and whatnot, she'd stopped paying attention the minute he opened his mouth. She couldn't wait it to be over, maybe she'd find some Grilweddle's near the lavatories again?