a word or make a sound, he had grabbed me and begun to pull me after him. I rolled my eyes and followed him silently because, after having known him for five years, I'd come to realise that going along with him always saved much more time. Had he become so annoyed by my avoidance of him that he'd resorted to kidnapping me in broad daylight? "You've got to be kidding me," I muttered, giving him a look as he stood in the entrance of one of the unused classrooms. "Merlin this is cliché." Fred, uncharacteristically, remained silent and I gave him a concerned look, slipping past him on my way into the classroom. He shut the door behind him, casting a locking charm on it as I sat down on top of one of the tables. "You must want to have a pretty serious conversation," I said looking down at my swinging legs when it became obvious that he wasn't planning to say anything. "You're worrying me a little Fred, you never used to lock the door when you abducted me." "It's just a precautionary measure," he assured me, "It's just to make sure you don't run out before I finish saying all that I want to say." Furrowing my eyebrows, I hopped off the table. "You're beginning to worry me a little." "It's nothing," he insisted, his words contrasting strongly with his body language. He began to pace in front of the door slightly, rubbing the nape of his neck. "Fred?" Walking towards him, I went to touch his arm. He cleared his throat before I made contact. My frown deepened. "What's going on?" "Over Christmas I had some sense beaten into me," he explained as though I was supposed to understand the hidden meaning behind his words. I didn't." "Sense beaten into you?" I repeated slowly, "What do you mean?" "James had enough and decided to interfere." His words were confusing me even more. Looking down into my face, he realised this and let out a slight sigh, "About you being like another sister to me." "Oh." Even I could hear from my tone of voice that I'd closed myself off from him. I went to step away from him when Fred caught my hand, keeping me beside him. "You're not like a little sister to me." He stared down at me as if that was supposed to be news to me. Searching his eyes, I swallowed nervously, "I know." He simply nodded, already knowing it. "You've never been like a little sister to me and I spent ages trying to force myself to think of you in that way." "Why?" I could finally ask him the question that had been bugging me since I had realised how he felt. "That's one thing I could never understand." "Merlin," he said as if it was a curse, running a hand through his hair. "You're the same age as my sister. You're my little sister's best friend to make matters worse. Godric, I felt like such a creep when I started having a crush on you – I was bloody 16 and you were only 14. It felt so freaking immoral that I made you into my little sister to explain why I felt so protective over you. Do you understand now, why I whenever you would hint at it, that I played dumb? You must have felt like I was a right idiot when I knew what you were talking about the whole time." I couldn't help but search his eyes again, admitting quietly, "I still don't quite understand." "Do you think I understand any of this either?" he threw back, stepping away from me with a sigh. Silence descended between us as I watched him with creased brows, trying to comprehend what was going on. This couldn't continue this way. "Right." I broke the silence, crossing my arms defensively when Fred turned his eyes to me. "We can't keep doing this – make up your mind Fred Weasley because I'd like to sort this out, once and for all." "Make up my mind?" he repeated, meeting my eyes. "What do you mean?" "Am I or am I not like a little sister to you? It's the last time I'm going to ask you that question." He didn't even think, shaking his head instantly. "You're not – I shouldn't be thinking the things I think about you if you were like a little sister to me." How could he say something like that with a straight face, I complained internally, as I felt my face heat up. I cleared my throat, "So I'm not a younger sister." Licking my lip, I felt my eyes widen as I saw his eyes trace the movement. He really wasn't hiding anything anymore. "What am I then?" "My sister's best friend." The hope that had started to bloom died instantly and I nodded. "And … my girlfriend." My eyes rose to his quickly and I gave him a dirty look as his lips curved into a knowing smile. "You wish, Weasley." His smile dimmed this time, eyes growing alarmed. He had assumed that me being his girlfriend was guaranteed. "What do you mean?" "I mean I'm not going to be your girlfriend." Stepping around him, I unlocked the door with a simple wave of my wand. "Do you know how long I had to suffer because of your lack of knowledge regarding your own emotions? It is only fair that you suffer in the same way that I did." "Is it now?" The smile was back, playing around the corner of his lips. "It is," I agreed, stepping out of the room. "But don't worry I won't make you wait too long." The last thing I saw on my out was the large grin on his face. His gleeful, relieved laughter echoed around the empty classroom, spilling out into the corridor and I couldn't help but smile at the sound. Fucking finally.