light again. ʻYouʼve got a quill?ʼ Malfoy stared at her a second, then bent over the table to pick up a quill and a spare bit of parchment. Hermione unscrewed the lid and dipped the quill into the bottle. She let a drop fall on the parchment. Hardly able to hide her grin she looked up again. ʻIt still looks like ink.ʼ ʻWhat did he keep ink for in there?ʼ muttered Malfoy while Hermione additionally checked the content of the bottle with the Ink Quality Spell to make completely sure. ʻYou can keep these,ʼ said Hermione, motioning to the bottles to which she had just placed the ink. ʻTheyʼre not illegal although the use of Veritaserum, Polyjuice Potion and the like is restricted by the Ministry. I take that you know the respective laws?ʼ Malfoy nodded. ʻThe other poisons Iʼll have to confiscate. Do you have any objections?ʼ Malfoy shook his head. Hermione conjured a crate and let the poisons float into it. ʻThen there is your list. What would you like us to do? Should the Ministry confiscate these items too?ʼ Malfoy looked down, clenching and unclenching his hands. Hermione eyed him curiously, having a hard time keeping her fingers from knocking nervously on the desk until Malfoy finally looked up. ʻIʼd like to keep them.ʼ ʻWell,ʼ said Hermione, not exactly surprised, but despite herself slightly disappointed, ʻtheoretically, the possession of all of them is forbidden as you know. But you have already a rather large collection of Dark Magical artefacts and are officially registered, so there is a fair chance you will be allowed to do so. I would suggest that you record them like a common purchase. I can take the list with me and hand it in for you if you like.ʼ ʻI donʼt want to keep them because...ʼ started Malfoy, suddenly staring at Hermione with intensity, causing her to take a step backwards. ʻI mean, they were my fatherʼs... and I understand that you have no sympathies for him, but... I donʼt think he collected them for... and some of them are really interesting from a theoretical point of view and as a collector... I mean, I donʼt want to...ʼ ʻOf course,ʼ interrupted Hermione, slightly alarmed by the incoherent outburst. ʻI donʼt blame you for anything, though I canʼt guarantee that you can keep everything. For example that fanged shrunken head, Iʼm not sure-ʼ ʻI donʼt need to keep everything,ʼ Malfoy said hastily. ʻI will have to take everything with me for now, though,ʼ said Hermione. ʻThen there will be the usual checks before you get it back. You know the people in charge, donʼt you?ʼ Malfoy nodded again. ʻYou have everything on the list in the trunks? Youʼre sure you havenʼt forgotten anything?ʼ Malfoy looked to the floor again. There was a short pause, then he said, ʻYes, thatʼs everything.ʼ Hermione hesitated, suspicion rising. She could order a search of the house, but the idea strongly displeased her. ʻWell,ʼ she finally said. ʻI will be going then.ʼ Malfoy looked up, seeming to struggle for words. ʻMrs Granger, the Daily Prophet...ʼ he said, his voice thick. ʻWhatʼs with the Daily Prophet?ʼ ʻYouʼve heard Scorpius,ʼ Malfoy went on, sounding more and more pleading. ʻHe understands what they write and... if you could stop them-ʼ ʻOh,ʼ said Hermione, her cheeks warming again as she understood. ʻIʼm sorry. Iʼm really, really sorry. For the rubbish they write and... but you know that the Ministry has a very strict policy not to interfere with the press. Remember how the situation was before Shacklebolt, we canʼt put pressure on the newspaper.ʼ ʻDo you have any idea-ʼ ʻIʼm sorry,ʼ said Hermione, noticing with shock how pleading she suddenly sounded. ʻI canʼt. The Ministry canʼt.ʼ ʻPotterʼs wife edits the Prophet.ʼ ʻSheʼs responsible for sports. Iʼm sure Ginny thinks this as ridiculous as I do, but itʼs not in her power to stop it. All I can do is talk to Ginny. But I doubt she will be able to do much.ʼ ʻMrs Granger-ʼ ʻHermione.ʼ Malfoy stared at her as if he thought he had misheard her. The anger drained from him and he turned away from her, his head bent. Feeling very uncomfortable, Hermione considered waving the confiscated material together to show that she was leaving when he turned to her again and offered her his hand. ʻDraco,ʼ he mumbled. She pressed his hand. ʻIʼm sorry.ʼ ʻWould you like to stay for dinner?ʼ Hermioneʼs mouth fell open. ʻNo thank you very much,ʼ she said, her voice quivering. ʻBut I have to go back to the Ministry. Thereʼs a lot of work presently. But thanks, probably some other time.ʼ ʻYes,ʼ muttered Draco. ʻIʼll lead you to the door.ʼ He stood on the spot for a moment, then he turned and went to open the door for her. Hermione waved the crate and the trunks into the air and let them float before her. Walking beside Draco, they passed through the corridor again and out into the hall. At the front door Draco stopped. ʻGood bye Mrs - Hermione.ʼ ʻGood bye Draco. Greet Astoria from me, it was lovely to meet her.ʼ Draco almost smiled as Hermione shook his hand once more and passed out into the grounds. The doors closed behind her and she faced the long drive with the high hedges again. Hermione looked up into the still blue sky. She inhaled the grassy smell of her surrounding and smiled to herself before she stepped forwards. She hadnʼt progressed far when a distant call made her turn. Confused, her eyes travelled over the magnificent facade until they caught a little blond head leaning out from one of the upper windows and waving frantically at her. Hermione had to grin as she waved back, slowly going forwards until the hedges hid her from view. She let her hand sink, but the smile remained on her face as she strode down to the gates she had an hour ago entered with so much apprehension.