Elena have been going for four years, y'know." I raised my eyebrows in surprise at that. "Elena O'Neil?" I guess I could picture James partying it up hard at the festival, but Elena always seemed to be that quiet, modest Hufflepuff girl that acted as James' crutch when he got too hyper. But then again, that's every more reason for her to attend. Lysander nodded. "It's everyone else's first year though. We've got a couple of newbies on our hands." "Why are we going with them? Not that I have anything against them or anything, but… if all of the-er- Wotters are going, wouldn't we have a really crowded site?" I wasn't a really picky person, and yes, the tents were enchanted so that the interiors were vast and comfortable, but I was still extremely claustrophobic at times, and did not want to step out of my tent while high on acid and fall right into a cluster of tents occupied by people I barely knew. Knowing my luck, that was bound to happen. "Nah. We managed to book a really large site. Well... James actually did it with my mum's help." I leaned back further in my seat, pipe in hand, the mixture of weed and dittany extraction making my limbs melt into the furniture as I stared at Lysander with half-lidded eyes. I kept forgetting that Luna was very good friends with the so-called Wotters. "Also, I, uh... " Lysander's face suddenly flushed. His red-rimmed eyes pointed towards his fidgeting hands for a split second before he took a breath and looked back up at me. "Dominique Weasley and I are dating, and she really, really wants me to share a tent with her." I coughed at that, the smoke billowing out ungracefully from my mouth, my throat coated with an unpleasant, yet almost pleasant cannabis-infused burn. Once I recovered, I grinned, unable to help myself. "You have a girlfriend? Oh, dear Merlin." Lysander glared at me as I fell into a peal of laughter. "Shut it, Brewer. I am just as capable as any other attractive young man to have a girlfriend." "But, you're Lysander. You've never been tied down to one girl. I think the longest you've ever been with a girl was with that one fifth year Slytherin, and you told me that that lasted for like four days," I pointed out, still grinning stupidly at the fact that he had a fucking girlfriend. And of course it had to be one of the Wotters. "Yeah, yeah," he droned, waving a hand dismissively in my direction. "I was a smarmy fourth year then. All I wanted to do was get in every girl's trousers." I rose an eyebrow at him. "And you don't now?" "No, I don't." His gaze softened considerably as he sighed deeply. "I really like her. Like, a lot. We've been seeing each other since February, and I haven't even...y'know… slept with her yet." I let out a low whistle. "Holy shit, mate. That is pretty damn impressive for you." And it really was. Lysander was the textbook definition of the Hogwarts player. Good-looking, chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, smouldering eyes, an air of irresistible charm mixed with just a hint of mischief and rebellion… He also had a tendency to go on less-than-innocent escapades with various girls after hours and in between classes. He was so different from Lorcan, his Ravenclaw counterpart who was equally as gorgeous and mysterious, yet also unsettlingly eccentric and clinically insane. But hey, at least Lorcan would smoke a bowl of dittany extraction with me and not bitch about it. Once there was nothing more but a crumble of ash at the bottom of the bowl, I set it aside, revelling in the stoney haze that filled the room, the setting sun casting sharp rays of light that filtered through the stagnant smoke. I fell into another spontaneous fit of stoned giggles. "Wait...so...which one is Dominique again?" "She's-" "No, wait! Let me guess!" I interrupted, unable to stop the large Cheshire cat grin that erupted on my face. He rolled his eyes. "Is she the Veela?" I asked. His grudging look was replaced with one of pride. "Yes, she's the Veela one." "HA! Of course you go for that one. My, my Scamander, you naughty boy." I reached forward to grab my pipe filled with the dittany extraction once again. I watched Lysander immediately recoil as I brought it up to my lips and tapped the edge of the pipe with my wand, lighting the contents of the bowl. He crossed his arms petulantly, his expression one of deepest annoyance. "I just have one more question," I pressed before inhaling the fumes. "I swear to Merlin, if you blow that smoke in my direction, I am leaving," Lysander snapped darkly. I knew he wasn't kidding. But I didn't give one single fuck. This was how ninety percent of our relationship worked. Plus, he was going to have to get used to this smell sooner or later- dittany extraction is, after all, a popular, well-used substance at Holly Fest. I held my breath for a few long seconds, staring intently at him, unable to stop my clenched mouth from forming into a smile. Once I exhaled, I made sure to blow the stream of billowing smoke straight into his face. He swatted away at it violently, muttering a multitude of curse words. I crossed my legs demurely and asked: "Does she actually turn into a bird when you piss her off?" Lysander jumped up from his seat swiftly, still swatting the smoke away with flailing arms, his face contorted with flat irritation as he made his way toward the door. "I'm out. Fuck you, Ailsa." I just laughed like a deranged hyena as he exited my flat, the mixture of smoke from the trapped marijuana and dittany extraction soaring out the door after him. This was going to be a good fourth year. Happy Holly Fest.