a satisfied expression Drommy put her wand back. ʻAre you allowed to do this?ʼ said Bella with a thrown. ʻYouʼre not of age.ʼ ʻOh, I didnʼt think about this,ʼ said Drommy, clapping her hand before her mouth. ʻI thought itʼs only forbidden over the holidays.ʼ ʻDonʼt fret, Drommy, I donʼt know whether itʼs forbidden, I just thought thatʼd be logical. So itʼs probably best to leave the magic to me.ʼ ʻBut Bella,ʼ exclaimed Drommy. ʻWe all know how you hate household spells.ʼ ʻI donʼt hate them,ʼ said Bella. ʻTheyʼre just so silly, I canʼt concentrate on such stuff. And what do I need those spells for? I have a house-elf for that rubbish.ʼ ʻNot everybody can be a genius like you,ʼ said Drommy, shrugging. ʻAs I must leave the glory of advanced magic to you, I donʼt mind excelling at silly spells.ʼ ʻNo need to be so modest, you-ʼ ʻHi, Andromeda.ʼ Drommy turned her head towards the voice and smiled fleetingly. A blond boy had just walked past the girlsʼ table to join some friends several feet away. ʻWhoʼs that?ʼ asked Bella, frowning at the boyʼs back as he sat down. ʻI think his nameʼs Ted,ʼ said Drommy indifferently. ʻHeʼs in my year, Hufflepuff I think.ʼ ʻTed what?ʼ said Bella, her expression darkening. ʻNo idea,ʼ said Drommy. ʻI never really spoke to him, he just recently started to repeatedly greet me. Itʼs quite flattering, you know.ʼ Drommy grinned while Bellaʼs frown increased. ʻSo you donʼt know his family?ʼ she muttered. ʻYou shouldnʼt smile at people before you know whether theyʼre worth it.ʼ ʻI smile at anybody who says "Hi" to me,ʼ said Drommy cheerfully. ʻDromeda!ʼ exclaimed Bella. ʻThis is no laughing matter. You donʼt know what harm you could do to the wizarding community.ʼ ʻYouʼre not going to tell me that a community can be ruined by greeting people,ʼ said Drommy, trying to appear serious. ʻI know who I am - who we are - and I am sure thereʼd be a lot more needed to affect us.ʼ ʻDrommy dear, all I wanted is to stress that you are sometimes being careless,ʼ said Bella, half smiling. ʻYouʼre totally right in placing confidence in our heritage. The three of us are from one of the most ancient and wealthiest British wizarding families. In addition we are very skilled witches-ʼ ʻYes, you too, Cissy,ʼ interjected Drommy, before her little sister could sigh. ʻExactly,ʼ seconded Bella. ʻAnd to top all these qualities of background and abilities, we are all very good-looking. I havenʼt met any witch yet who could boast an equal amount of respectability.ʼ ʻNor a wizard,ʼ added Drommy. ʻNor a wizard,ʼ repeated Bella with a grimace. ʻThus, it is better to stay independent than to form any ties with someone who cannot boast with similar qualities.ʼ ʻThanks for the lecture,ʼ said Drommy dryly. ʻI donʼt have the least intention of marrying right now, certainly not any boy I say "Hi" to, and I certainly expect quite something from a man wishing to marry me.ʼ ʻGood intentions are known to have been thwarted,ʼ said Bella gravely, taking her sisterʼs hand. ʻAnd false tolerance can sometimes prove as disastrous as prejudice.ʼ ʻI promise to be most intolerant with marriage proposals.ʼ ʻO Drommy, youʼre going to end badly,ʼ sighed Bella melodramatically, pressing her sisterʼs hand. ʻItʼd be sad if we could never marry,ʼ whispered Cissy. ʻWhy?ʼ said Bella. ʻI havenʼt met a man yet who was even close to being my equal. So Iʼm rather on my own, than throw myself away, marrying a man I couldnʼt respect. No, I could never love a man who wouldnʼt beat me in a duel. I think thatʼs what Iʼm going to do, Iʼll duel my suiters and the one surviving Iʼll marry.ʼ Bella and Drommy burst in giggles while Cissy stared at them in shock. ʻThatʼs what I want, you see,ʼ Bella said when she had recovered enough. ʻIf I am to change my name I must be able to pronounce the new one with as much pride as my old.ʼ ʻI love your strategy,ʼ said Drommy. ʻYouʼd better duel for the three of us, then weʼll certainly end as old maids.ʼ Cissy sniffed. ʻIʼd like to marry,ʼ she breathed. ʻI want children, three girls at best.ʼ ʻPity Blonde isnʼt a wizarding name,ʼ said Bella. ʻIʼm sure heʼd be perfect for you.ʼ ʻCertainly more fitting than Black,ʼ grinned Drommy. ʻDonʼt look like that Cissy, youʼre such a dear creature, there wonʼt be a single wizard not begging for your hand.ʼ ʻHow about that Malfoy boy from Drommyʼs year,ʼ suggested Bella. ʻHeʼd be blonde enough.ʼ ʻO no, heʼs too mercenary,ʼ disagreed Drommy. ʻCissy needs someone more romantic and considered.ʼ ʻDonʼt you think the power of love would make him romantic,ʼ said Bella, trying and failing to hide her grin. ʻI donʼt think he knows Cissy exists, heʼs too arrogant to take any notice of younger students.ʼ ʻThen itʼs time to point it out to him,ʼ said Bella, no longer attempting to suppress her grin. ʻLetʼs go into matchmaking!ʼ ʻI fear thatʼd prove too tricky for me,ʼ said Drommy. ʻIʼll devote my life to inventing a self-cleaning birdcage.ʼ ʻAnd Iʼll change the world,ʼ declared Bella with grandeur. ʻI want my name to be remembered so that posterity shall forever know Bellatrix Black as-ʼ ʻ- the sister of that ingenious birdcage inventor.ʼ This time even Cissy joined in their laughter, reaching out for both of them and taking their hands. ʻYouʼre the best sisters in the world,ʼ she whispered. ʻWell, considering the fact that you donʼt have many others to chose from-ʼ started Bella. ʻ- we still are very much flattered and declare you the most darling little sister we ever met,ʼ completed Drommy, joining her hand with Bellaʼs so that the three girls formed a circle. The picture of unity between the sisters provided a lovely sight for anyone observing them and the charmed onlooker would not have believed it possible that anything could ever disrupt this harmony.