brought with him news regarding his book which upon its publication, had become a hit. There were rumours of it even being instated as a textbook within the Hogwarts syllabus. But that was still in discussion. His dropping by to my office signalled that he had some news and I knew this time would be no different. Once he had finished for the day, he dropped by my office, letting himself in. I paused midway through packing up and when I realised who it was, I sent him a smile before continuing with my tidying up. "How was your day?" I asked, slinging my bag over my shoulder. "It was busy," he said with a slightly tired smile, "I hadn't realised how many people wanted me to sign their copy of the book. But I managed to get my travel visa organised in time." "Travel visa?" He bit down on his bottom lip, nodding his head. Smiling bravely, I approached him, "When are you supposed to leave?" "In a few days," he answered as we both left my office, walking side by side. "That's extremely short notice." He was silent and I glanced curiously up at him. "Unless, it isn't." "I've known for a while," he admitted quietly, "But I was unsure of how to tell you. There were moments when I approached your office to tell you, only to chicken out and change my mind." "Well, you're going for your work, aren't you?" Trying to dismiss the mangled mess of hope and sadness that took root in the pit of my stomach, I smiled up at him, "Besides, we can keep owling as we did the last time and I will, of course, love to help you if you require my assistance again." Smiling down at me, was quick to turn his eyes away from mine. "Thank you." "Although there is a higher price this time." My words had him glance inquisitively down at me as we boarded the lift. "I had no idea that you were signing copies – that's my price, a signed copy." Laughing quietly, he nodded his consent. "If that's all it takes." He grew silent again, taking me by surprise. "Newt?" Placing a hand on his arm, I watched as he forced himself to smile, shaking his head a little. "It's nothing," he assured me as the lift opened on the correct floor. Alighting from the lift, we headed to the exit points. "If you are sure – I guess I shall see you when you get back? Unless you're available to meet before then?" "I'll owl you." Smiling in parting, I walked towards one of the apparition points. Growing attached to him was one of the most stupid things I had ever done. The man was out of the country for months, even years at a time and he didn't seem to reciprocate affection of any kind for me. Although – "Come with me." "I'm sorry?" My eyes looked over the man who had rushed to cut in front of me. Newt stood in front of me, blocking my path. He swallowed audibly, gathering his courage as he repeated himself. "Come with me." "I don't even know where you're going," I protested despite the feeling of my heart picking up. "Everywhere," he rushed out, "Everywhere and anywhere. I'm starting with Bulgaria first and going from there. So come with me." "Newt –" "It's quite impossible for me to imagine leaving you behind with the likes of bleeding Morrison." He looked uncomfortable with the attention that the passing people gave us but continued on otherwise, walking towards me as he spoke, "I've grown too attached to you to just let you go like this." I looked around at the small crowd that was gathering around us, "What would people say?" "That we're mad," he said with a shrug, "But I've heard that throughout my childhood and it means nothing to me now. I know it's improper and that society says a woman of 26 should be married by now and be looking after the kids at home –" He trailed off, laughing when he saw the face I made – he knew exactly what I thought about the 'role of women' as seen by society. "I'm 27 in a few weeks," I added. "A woman soon to be 27 then," he allowed, "And they'll wonder how a single man can ask a woman who isn't his anything to travel the world with him, but I don't care. I am asking. So please, please come with me." Regarding him in silence, I giggled a little when someone from the crowd shouted at me to go with him. Newt, realising the size of the crowd he'd drawn, blushed but kept his eyes on mine. He was waiting for my answer. "I'm sorry," I apologised as I approached him, rising onto my toes to wrap my arms around his neck. He very hesitantly wrapped his arms around me. "I'm sorry but I can't go with you – you of all people know how hard I worked to get to the position I'm at now and I can't give that up. Not even for the chance your offering me." "I shouldn't have –" "No," I said gently into his ear, the hug lingering as neither of us wanted to pull away, "Don't dismiss what you just said. I want to come with you, Merlin, I really do but I can't. But I want what you're offering in the sub context more and when you're back I'll take you up on the offer." I pulled away from him them, my arms returning to my side. Looking up into his eyes, I refused to move further away from him. He smiled gently down at me. "Do you mean that?" "I do." Grinning foolishly, I let out a breath to try and calm myself. "When you're back from Bulgaria, or wherever you're off to, come and find me. I'll be waiting."