what will happen with Hogwarts?ʼ ʻHeʼll control that too,ʼ said Serena lazily. ʻWe donʼt know the details yet, but it seems that attendance will be compulsory.ʼ ʻBut it will still be education,ʼ cut in Oliver. ʻAnd education you two still need if you want to fight. Of course, it is a risk to go to Hogwarts now, but thereʼs no safety anyway in times like these.ʼ ʻMum...ʼ started Colin but stopped as a grating sound at the window interrupted them. They all looked over to see a screech owl, sitting on the window sill. ʻLooks like a Ministry owl,ʼ murmured Oliver as Colin got up with tottering legs to open the window. The owl swooped over and dropped two letters on the kitchen table before it flew away again. ʻItʼs a questionnaire,ʼ called Dennis who had immediately ripped open his envelope. Colin cautiously stepped nearer and looked over Dennisʼs shoulder. His brother was holding two sheets of parchment. ʻ"Name of the father"ʼ Colin read out loud. ʻ"Profession of the father" Whatʼs that supposed to be?ʼ He slid down on his chair again and opened his letter. In addition to the questionnaire there was also a letter. Dear Mr Creevey, The Ministry of Magic is currently running a survey concerning the students attending Hogwarts. The Ministry has intelligence that there have been accepted students who do not meet the necessary requirements. As some doubts concerning your person have arisen, you are hereby required to answer the attached questionnaire and send it back to the Muggle-born Registration Commission, Ministry of Magic, by next Monday. About further steps we will keep you informed. Hoping you are well, Yours sincerely, Annie Gourlay Muggle-born Registration Commission Ministry of Magic Colin looked up. He tried to swallow, but his mouth was unnaturally dry. ʻWhat...ʼ He had to clear his throat. ʻWhat are we going to do?ʼ ʻThe question just is, are you staying or do you flee? If the latter, you have to do it fast,ʼ said Oliver. Dennis snivelled, but tried to hide it, and his mother had her face in her hands again. Colin looked between them, undecided. The weak rays of the sun started to heat up the room despite the mist, and he had to wipe his brow though he was not sure how much this depended on the room temperature. They might have remained like this quite a while longer had not the front door suddenly opened and closed. Before Colin could panic, he had recognised his fatherʼs steps, and sure enough, only a moment later, Mr Creevey entered the kitchen. ʻWow, thereʼs quite a gathering going on,ʼ he said as he sat down in the only free chair just as Mrs Creevey opposite him got up to get him something to eat. He had to have had a glimpse of her tear swollen face for he added, ʻIs something wrong?ʼ ʻA lot more,ʼ was the relaxed answer of Serena as she continued to give her fingernails all her rapt attemption. ʻThere is grave danger,ʼ said Oliver, completely earnest as he addressed Mr Creevey. ʻYou and your children are before the decision of either leaving the country at first chance, or to separate for an uncertain amount of time.ʼ Mr Creevey was silent, watching his two sons. Colin couldnʼt look at his father and stared at the tablecloth, not able to come to a decision. ʻWell...ʼ Mr Creevey said as his wife put a bowl of porridge before him. ʻIs it this business with that wizard you canʼt say the name?ʼ ʻExactly,ʼ said Oliver to Colinʼs and Dennisʼs nods. ʻWeʼre in danger?ʼ ʻEspecially your sons,ʼ said Oliver. ʻAs you and your wife both are not magical, they will no longer be accepted by the Ministry that is now under control of said wizard. That means they either have to leave Britain for a safe country, probably America, thatʼs further off than any European country and has no tradition of pure-blood doctrines. If they want to stay, we need to make up a new family tree for them. This is why Serena and I are here, weʼve got a suggestion.ʼ ʻNamely?ʼ ʻSerenaʼs got an elder sister, living in Italy. Sheʼs arriving this evening for a visit. She will claim that Colin and Dennis are her sons and you her former husband.ʼ ʻEm,ʼ grunted Mr Creevey, scratching his head and trying to catch his wifeʼs eye. ʻBut the tiniest bit of research will show that this is not true. Our date of marriage is officially registered as is the birth of our sons, this wonʼt - canʼt work.ʼ ʻYouʼre forgetting,ʼ said Serena, grinning broadly and - as Colin deemed it - completely inappropriately, ʻthat youʼre talking to wizards. Itʼd be no problem for a witch to eliminate her marriage from a Muggle register and put fake information in its place. And you not remembering would neither be a problem. A simple Memory Charm would do the job.ʼ ʻWhat do you think, boys?ʼ said Mr Creevey, addressing his sons. ʻI donʼt like either idea, not emigrating, not losing you. But you can judge the situation better than I can. I agree with whatever you decide.ʼ Colin looked down at his brother. His small face was sad, but determined, and Colin knew what he had decided. He looked gravely from his mother to his father. ʻWe will stay,ʼ he said, again surprised at his calm voice. ʻFor though America is secure for now, there canʼt be any guarantee that You-Know-Who will not slowly take over there too. I donʼt want to spend my life on the run. I want to stay and learn. And then, I will fight.ʼ ʻExactly,ʼ seconded Dennis. Their parents both managed to smile bravely and nod. This was too much for Colin, he lowered his head on his arms and broke into silent sobs. When he had recovered, he found that the others had already started packing, suppressing their sorrow with work. Colin smiled grimly to himself and went to help.