him, intending to inch around him and leave the store room. "Let's sit down and talk about this after the work today? That way we can properly talk about this." "I'm being serious here, George," I insisted, "Tell your mother I broke up with you and that you're not ready to date – that'll stop her trying to set you up with anyone for a while." "Listen to me." His was firm as he shifted all the parcels into one arm, the other coming out to grab a hold of my arm and halt my progress. With mild trepidation, I forced myself to raise my eyes to his, taken aback by the fire blazing in them. "If you're going to end everything so callously, then you better be prepared to explain it all to me." "Anyone would think that we really were dating," I said lightly, trying to inflict some humour into the situation. He didn't buy it, "An explanation is the least I deserve, don't you think?" "Come on George." Laughing away his seriousness, I stepped away from him making his arm drop back to his side. "You of all people know that I want to be an author – it's time I focused more on that." "I understand that, but I don't believe for one second that that's the only reason. So you'd better tell me the truth." Backing away from him slightly, I adjusted my hold on the parcels in my hand, "We don't have time for this. If we don't get these sent off them you'll end up losing customers – and we can't have that." "Fine," he nodded briskly, gesturing for me to lead the way, "I'll help you and you can explain it all to me whilst we work." Leading him out of the room, I screwed my eyes shut and steeled myself. Really, what would be the worst thing that happened if I told him the truth? He didn't strike me as the sort of person to abandon his friendship with someone just because of a one-sided love. And it wasn't like I was going to be working here for much longer so there was no need for me to be around him every day. "Fine," I said with finality as I put the parcels down on the workbench, my heart hammering even as I said the word. "You want the truth? Here it is – pretending to be your girlfriend is complete and utter torture –" He looked aghast, "What –" "It's too bloody painful George to sit there and let you hold my hand and, and kiss me because you'd never do those things otherwise." I turned away from him, absentmindedly wrapping the products in parcel paper. "Merlin's beard George, I'm so fucking stupid because I'm hopelessly in love with you and it's bad enough that I'm masochistic enough to spend most of my week around you but to let myself keep pretending to be your girlfriend? That's too much for me." He was silent and I was determined not to say anything. There it all was, he knew the truth now and there was no coming back from it. Ignoring his presence in the room, I continued to wrap each of the products and tie the delivery address to each of the parcels. Once I was finished, I magicked the parcels into a bag and headed off to drop them off at the owl delivery station. As I slung the bag over my shoulder, I headed to leave the back room and enter the shop floor, without a single look at the still frozen figure. "You're absolutely mad," George finally said, coming to his senses when I stepped away from the work desk. "I have no idea what you mean," I denied, letting out an exasperated sigh when he took my arm yet again. Looking back to him, I raised an eyebrow and waited for what he was going to say. The grin blooming on his face took me by surprise. He repeated himself, laughing a little as he spoke, "You're absolutely mad." " I'm the one that's beginning to question your sanity." "No believe me Church, you're the mad one if you think I'm going to let you just walk away from me after what you've just told me." He stared down at me, eyes alight. "I don't understand," I admitted carefully. "Neither do I," he confessed, "But I'm getting there. From what I understand, you like me back and have done for a while." "Wait, like you back, implying that you like me too?" He chuckled slightly, "Do catch up, love." Using the arm he still had a hold on, he pulled me towards him, "You never did realise that the first time you had dinner in my apartment was a date, did you? I'd even announced it when we were in the burrow but you never realised." "That was a date?" "Godric you madden woman," he dropped his hand from my arm, bringing it up to my face to frame my jaw, "Of course it was." "Are you two finally getting together then?" a bored voice called from the doorway and we both turned to find Verity standing, watching the two of us with annoyance, "It's been a long time coming, and I'm happy for you and all that crap but I'm going to strangle one of you if you don't get back out onto the shop floor and help me." "Yes, of course." Stepping away from George, I felt heat creep up my neck. "Let me just drop these parcels off and I'll be right with you." "You better be." She narrowed her eyes at George as I tried to leave the room without drawing a lot of attention to myself, "There better be no sneaking away during work to find a dark corner." "I can't make any promises," he said cheekily and I lowered my head in mortification, hurrying out into the main shop floor.