minding my business, making my way back to my common room when I had the misfortune of catching one of my house out long after curfew. And I knew exactly who the first year Gryffindor was. Merlin, it had been just under a week since the school year had begun and the first year was already causing so much mischief. "James Sirius Potter," I barked out, startling the first year who jumped at the sound of my voice. He turned towards me with an innocent grin and I narrowed my eyes at him. "Jones," he greeted back as I approached him. With a sigh, I asked, "Why are you already losing points for our house?" "You don't need to take points from me," he pointed out, "No one will know that you didn't take points from me. We can keep this a secret between the pair of us." "Nice try," I said dryly. "Now why are you hanging around the castle in the middle of the night. Curfew was hours ago." He grinned, smiling up at me. "I was actually hoping to run into you." "Why?" "I'll tell you on the way back to the common room," he suggested, playing with his wand. "Fine," I grumbled as I threw him a look. He acted oblivious to it and started to walk towards the common room. I walked beside him, wondering when being Head Girl had turned into babysitting the eldest Potter child. James walked beside me in silence, seeming like he wanted to say something but didn't know how to begin. "Whatever it is that you want to say to me, you can just say it," I promised, "I'm not in the position to judge anyone. So feel free to say whatever you want." He nodded and after a moment he began to speak, "Teddy spent a lot of the summer over at my house. He wasn't like his normal self and he spent the entire time moping. Mum and dad tried to talk to him but –" "Look James," I cut in meaningfully, "I don't want to talk about this – especially to a first year that I don't really know. I'm not even sure how you know about me." "Teddy told me. If you don't want to talk to me, then just listen to me," he said bluntly, "he's like my older brother. And that, Jones, makes you like my sister-in-law." "It really doesn't." "It does," he insisted as if his first-year wisdom outweighed mine. "And stop interrupting me." "Why are you so nosy?" I wondered curiously, looking briefly towards the first year. "I'm half Weasley," he said with a shrug as if that explained everything. "Look I might seem like a dumb first year but I care about Teddy and I don't like to see him so upset. He really likes you." James looked to me, waiting for me to say something but I had nothing to say. My silence had him sighing and just as he went to say something else, we happened to run into Teddy. His eyebrows rose in surprise at the sight of me and I didn't react to the way his lips curved upwards when he saw the way I was wearing my uniform – or lack of uniform. I folded my robes self-consciously over my pyjamas. He looked back to this godbrother and frowned. "How did you managed to get caught?" he asked the younger boy who was already grinning at him. "Don't you have the cloak and the map?" "Cloak? Map?" I questioned but they both chose to say nothing. James reached out to pull on Teddy's robes. "Walk us back to the common room? I don't trust Jones to keep me safe." Scoffing, I reminded the first year, "You trusted me to protect you before Teddy arrived." "Alright fine," James drew out the word, rolling his eyes as though he was humouring me. "You can protect me, and Teddy can protect you . Ok? Can we go now?" Rendered speechless by James, I walked silently beside him as the three of us walked towards the Gryffindor common room. As we walked silently through the corridor, I caught James trying to move to the other side of Teddy so we were standing together. Before he could move, Teddy reached out to fist the back of James's robe in his hand and made him stay where he was. James grumbled the rest of the way to the common room. When we reached the Fat Lady, James announced the password and hurried into the common room, but not before telling me to take my time. The portrait swung shut behind him and I was left staring at it in surprise. Cheeky little bugger. "He's always been like that," Teddy explained quietly before turning to walk away. I reached out to grab his robe sleeve. He stopped mid step, looking at my hand and turning back to me. If this all went wrong then I was the biggest idiot on the planet, but how would I know if I never risked it? Playing safe wasn't always the best idea. It certainly wasn't the Gryffindor thing to do. Teddy called my name and I swallowed thickly. "You better not make me regret this," I muttered as I raised my eyes to his. "Regret what?" I took a step towards him, watching as his eyes took in the shortening distance between us. Raising a hand to his tie, I used it to pull him down towards me. Surprise flickered through his features and he waited patiently to see what I was going to do next. "I mean it," I swore firmly, "don't make me regret this." He shook his head, licking his bottom lip, "Never." Closing the remaining distance between us, I pressed my lips against his. Distantly, as Teddy pressed a hand to the small of my back and brought me closer to him, I heard the Fat Lady let out a wistful sigh.