"And then you sent me that dress. That damned dress ! And I- I knew it was you. I knew you were the vessel and I just- I just couldn't. I lied to Dumbledore for you. We hardly knew each other and yet I knew you enough to know that you were worth saving… I wanted to save you." Her voice dropped to little more than a whisper, and her hands on his face turned soft and featherlike. "Then it all changed… You bled out in my lap… And I couldn't do anything but hold you. You said I should've let you fall then, because you were a monster. Do you remember?" By the strain of his face, Hermione guessed he did. "I forgave you then- of course I did. I forgave you for everything, even though you didn't forgive yourself… and you asked me to stay. Like I would ever leave." The silence kissed them, languidly, softly. Avery swallowed, then muttered, "Are you finished? You're making me blush." Though he was teasing, the pink tinge of his otherwise pale cheeks gave him away. Hermione grinned and replied lightly, "Not yet. Though I can save you the embarrassment. Do you want me to leave?" Something trickled across his perfect, expressionless face. He turned his head, and his lips brushed her palm, heating her veins. His eyes were still closed. "Not yet," he whispered. "Not ever." oOo April 1983 They stared at the Manor, squinting up at the turrets piercing the sky, and the glare of the windows. It was undoubtedly a beautiful house; red brick which simmered in the sun, and white trim. There was something odd about its face, however, something dark behind the heavy drapes. Even if it hadn't witnessed the destruction of evil, Hermione would have shivered at the sight of it. Nonetheless, Hermione had to ask, "Are you sure?" He was staring at the house with empty eyes, and she knew him deeply enough to recognise his silence as one of grief. They had not stepped foot on the grounds since a year ago. She swallowed, continuing gently, "This is your home after all-" "It's not my home," Avery interrupted. "It's the building I grew up in. You're my home." She looked at him, rendered momentarily speechless. She couldn't help but smile. "Let's destroy it then," said Hermione, eyes sparkling. "This could be a good outlet for you to get rid of all those passive-aggressive spoilt childhood issues." He raised an eyebrow at her, then looked back at the house. "I don't have passive aggressive issues," Avery told her. "Childhood issues," she corrected. " Spoilt childhood issues, in fact." This didn't sit any better with him and his eyes narrowed slightly. She could only grin. It had been his decision to demolish the Manor. They had been entwined, lying together in the darkness. His fingers had stroked her spine, his breath tickling the curls of her hair when he whispered, "Why don't we move out?" Hermione laughed, but she decided to indulge him, turning over to face him. "Where would we go?" "The Manor." The smile on her face faded, and she swallowed tightly. Avery was still drawing patterns on her back, and he noticed the change in her demeanour for he said, "We could knock it down. Create our own place, our own somewhere, with a pond and a library the size of London. We could make it ours." Hermione traced the curves of his lips with her thumb. "What's wrong with here?" As if on cue, there was a noise from downstairs as something shattered and a consequent, mumbled, "Shit." She dropped her head against Avery's chest, muffling her amusement at their housemate. "Ah. Regulus . Point taken." "Besides," he continued, and he tipped her head back, brushing her hair away so he could look at her face. "I want our own somewhere." Their own somewhere, as it turned out, was to be built from rubble and ashes, from the ground up. It was their own little Phoenix, constructed from magic, with life breathed into its white, ivy kissed walls and a humble grandeur which sat somewhere between his extravagance and her own simplicity. The library, as promised, was grand and impressive, and the bookcases wore the ceiling as a crown. Avery had taken it upon himself to make, crafting it with the pulse of his hands and the stick he brandished, and he waited until her birthday, when he'd covered her eyes (impatiently shushing her protests), and led her into the room with decided delicacy. When he moved his hands away, he whispered, "Welcome home." Hermione's first reaction had been one of quiet awe; when her breath had skilfully evaded her parted lips. Her eyes kissed every inch of the place, taking in every book, faltering at every shelf. It was only as she'd walked down the centre aisle, fingers brushing the spines of ancient tombs, caressing peeling gold lettering and well-worn pages, that her breath returned to her. She came suddenly to a stop. There, already propped up in an alcove set deep into a large window, was the purple felt and golden twinkle of Peter Pan. "Do you like it?" asked Avery. Hermione looked at him. For some reason, though she couldn't exactly pinpoint why, she was crying. "It's magical," she whispered because she could not manage anything louder. And it was. Every golden picture frame was matched by a rustic antique: a broken clock Hermione had charmed to work exactly like the Weasley's; the leather armchair Avery had stolen, much to Regulus' chagrin, from their old place of residence; a globe with all the Wizarding towns in the world on it. Hermione liked this the most; she liked to walk her fingers over the mountains of Europe and wonder how strange it was that dragons soared at their peaks. "It's our own little somewhere," Avery replied. "It's home." Hermione shook her head, smiling at him. " You're home," she said.