Wronski feint, I had grown tense because Viktor was cutting it really close. She had grown tense as she muttered in my ear that having two players crash in the first match was bound to be bad luck as well as bad publicity. After the seekers had subsequently pulled up at the last minute, we had both released big sighs of relief. I had managed to untangle my arm from hers, just as Viktor made a final dash for the snitch and caught it before the seeker from the opposing team had even managed to spy it. The game ended with Bulgaria winning the match by just 10 points. Lynch had managed to make an appearance to the game – managing to get his face photographed and taking the responsibility for the entire tournament. What an idiot. I made the mistake of meeting his eyes and he ushered me over to him. With a sigh, I rose from my seat and made way towards him only to be told that I needed to arrange for a portkey. The minister from Chad, after his team's had lost and been knocked out of the tournament, saw no need to stick around until their next match. I was struggling not to curse Lynch but gave him a polite smile before making my way to my office. Once I was in my office, I located the portkey application forms and filled one out quickly. Merlin, if I never saw one of these bloody forms again, then I could die happily. The application form was attached to one of the ministry owls who took off and began her long-distance flight. Once the owl had flown away, out of eyesight, I crossed my arms on my desk and rested against them. Closing my eyes, I allowed myself to drift away for a brief moment. Or rather, that was what I wanted to do. But a knock on my office door had me sitting up quickly. Looking to the open doorway, my eyebrows rose in surprise when I spied Viktor still dressed in his quidditch uniform. Rising to my feet, I gestured for him to walk into the room. "I saw you leave," he explained as he stepped into the office, looking around as he did so. "I was given more work to do," I explained quietly, watching as he approached my desk. "It was a good match. You played phenomenally." "Thank you," he smiled graciously. "I'm glad you enjoyed it." I played awkwardly with my fingers, watching as his eyes surveyed my desk and falling onto he golden snitch sitting on top of a stack of my paperwork. Merlin, I knew I should have moved that thing. He picked it up in his hands, staring down at it before looking at me with a raised eyebrow. "Vy did you keep it?" he asked curiously, turning it in his hands. Clearing my throat uncomfortably, I asked, "Why do you assume that you're the only seeker to give me a snitch? Besides, I played as a seeker in Hogwarts, is it so out of the ordinary for me to have a snitch in my office?" "Of course not," he allowed, turning the snitch briefly in his fingers and holding it out to me so I could see the initials inscribed onto the snitch. V.K. Grumbling under my breath, I settled down in my seat and looked at the man with a raised eyebrow, not letting him see that he was getting under my skin. I wasn't doing a very good job of it. "Why are you even here?" I muttered under my breath, "Shouldn't you be celebrating your win with the rest of your team?" "I vonted to see you," he explained plainly. "Why?" "To celebrate with you." "With me?" I asked, watching as he returned the snitch to its previous place. Pressing his hands flat against the table top he leaned in close to me. Retreating back slightly, I asked quietly, "Why?" He answered my question with a kiss, surprising me by the sudden action. For all my faults, I didn't pull away or make a sound of protest. I might have responded to it and only came to my senses when there was the flash of a camera. Startled, I scrambled away from him to look at the open doorway where Rita fucking Skeeter stood with her camera still a loft. Realising she'd been caught, she ducked out of the way and I pushed Viktor away from me. He straightened up, watching as I rushed to the doorway and looked out into the corridor as I looked around. She had ducked out of sight. "How the fuck did she get in here?" I hissed under my breath, returning to my desk. "I need to tell the aurors." "And vot will they do?" Viktor asked, coming out of the daze he'd slipped into. "Arrest her?" "I don't know!" I exclaimed, throwing my hands into the air before casting a Patronus to send the message to the aurors, "But she's trespassing. She was explicitly kept off the list of authorised reporters. There has to be something they can do. I mean, they were brought into the bloody tournament to deal with instances like this!" Making his way slowly towards me, Viktor took his hand in mine and tried to calm me. "It's not a big deal." "But it is!" I protested, turning to the man who was acting so calm. How could he be calm? "If she manages to publish those pictures then fingers will be pointed at the both of us and they'll think this affected the game somehow." "You trust the aurors, right?" I nodded at his question, "Then believe that they'll catch her." "The blood woman is a menace," I muttered spitefully as he drew even closer to me, watching me carefully. Looking up at him with suspicious eyes, I narrowed them when he smiled in return. "What?" With his sweetest smile, he asked, "Dinner?"