hair. "Harry Potter do not speak to me that way." "Then do not tell me lies to my face Ginny. Take the kids to the Burrow. I'll be there shortly." I ordered. I was just completely done with everything about our marriage. She simply went, grabbed the kids and left through the floo. I was glad for the privacy as I sent my things as well as the children's things to Grimmauld place with a wave of my wand. When I arrived at dinner no one seemed like they were upset so I just ate silently next to George and once the children were playing in the den I stood. Everyone looked at me oddly but I didn't care. "I have an announcement." Molly instantly grinned "You and Gin are pregnant again?!" "No. Quite the opposite. I am leaving. Tonight." "WHAT?!" Ginny shouts making George sigh and throw a silencing charm at the doorway. "I am leaving. I am not happy with you Ginny. And you aren't happy with me. I know because you've been sleeping with Dean for months." She turns red as Molly glares at her "You've been what?" "Mum. It's not important. Harry what about our kids?" "My kids. You barely know them. You don't deserve them after I had to explain away how their mother called James 'Games' and had trouble climbing the stairs. It would have been so much easier to have said that mummy was a drunk." Ginny gaped like a fish and just as she was going to speak Lilly ran into the room "Daddy! Guess who's here!" The room was tense as I picked her up "Who's here princess?" "Aunty Mione!" She squealed excitedly and the room filled with even more anger than there had been. I quickly put Lilly down and went through the doorway to find her sitting on the sofa with James hugging her and Albus talking her ear off as her sat at her feet. I smiled as I noticed her small baby belly through her thick grey sweater. Suddenly Ron pushed past me. "HOW DARE YOU COME BACK HERE?!" She looks at her hands then stands, making her stomach more prominent. Ron looks shocked and says "You're pregnant?! Why didn't you tell me I was going to be a dad?!" "Ronald. It isn't yours. Even if it was I would have still left. You'll be a terrible father. Almost as bad as you would have been a husband. I came here to help Harry." Ron's face was going from red to a rather ugly shade of purple; Molly was standing there shocked and Ginny who had been rendered speechless by the fact that I was leaving now found her voice. "What do you mean you're here to help Harry?! How did you know that he wanted to leave me! He hates you for what you did to Ron! Just like the rest of us." "Gin shut the hell up." George said rather tiredly from his newly found spot on the sofa where he was holding Lilly who was looking upset at her mother. "George are you defending this slu-" "Call her that in front of my children and you will never be able to speak again. Ginevra." I growled quietly. "ALL RIGHT THEN! Let's all have a seat and talk this out in the kitchen...George...would you mind staying with the children?" Arthur said in an effort to keep the little ears of the house away from the now inevitable fight. George nodded in agreement and watched us all meander back into the kitchen. Once they were all settled Ginny was the first to speak, "Harry Potter I think you owe me an explanation." "I suppose I do. Alright I have known about you cheating on me since George told me the day Hermione left. But when she left, she was pregnant with my child." At this moment Ron lunged over the table for my throat only to find a shield between the two of us. Hermione bit her lip and put her wand back down , I sighed before continuing "I had been sleeping with her for a few weeks...in which she and I both learned that we were never in love with our significant others. So when she found out she was pregnant she left, thinking I wouldn't be able to leave Ginny. And in a way she was right..." "So you cheated on me with that dumpy little bookworm whore?!" Ginny shouted "I cheated on my cheating wife with the woman I love." I countered. She turned redder but now Ron decided it was his turn to play the victim. "Potter I want you out of this house. You stole my fiance. Hermione. I'll take you back love, I know he probably tricked you. We'll put the baby up for adoption and we'll start on our own ok?" Hermione rolled her eyes "Ronald you truly are an idiot. Why would I ever want a man who never treats me well, hate everything I do, and thinks he owns me? I fell for Harry for his amazing ability to accept what he can't change, to love who he may, and to listen rather than to jump to conclusions." Hermione was about to continue her rant when Molly spoke. "Harry. Hermione. I accept that my children are not perfect. But that does not mean that either of you are justified in your actions. I don't want you in my house ever again. Either of you. I cannot forgive what you have done to my family." She stood and motioned for us to leave. My heart was breaking at the thought of losing the people I called family, but when I looked at Hermione I knew it would all be worth it. We stood and went to the living room, grabbed the children, and flooed to Grimauld place. Ok guys, hope you enjoyed it. This is going to of course have more chapters! Once again I own nothing!