across it back and forth in small motions. I swallowed nervously, trying to think of something to say. "Scorpius –" His lips drowned out my words. For a moment, I wanted to kiss him back. For a moment, I wanted to forget that we were standing in the middle of Honeydukes, surrounded by the other students. But that was before the bitter sting of betrayal set in. Scorpius drew back from the kiss slightly, bringing a hand up to frame my face before closing the space between us again. He had yet to realise that I wasn't kissing him back. I pushed him away from me roughly. Scorpius stumbled on his feet, watching me with wide eyes. It was obvious that I had caught him off guard. "I can't believe you," I said quietly before he could attempt to close the space between us. "You were still trying to get into my pants? Is that what this was? Talking to me about your mum, listening to me when I talked about how hard my parent's divorce was for me? A way for you to get my walls down so you could achieve your goal?" He shook his head, "Of course it's not –" "Merlin, you're just like everyone said you were." Swallowing thickly, I straightened to my full height and stepped away from him to put more distance between us. I paid him no heed as he called my name, trying to talk to me, and turned on my heels to walk out of the shop. So, maybe I was being childish by avoiding him. But who was Albus to decide that I needed to talk to Scorpius again. And, for that matter, when did he decide that Scorpius and I should be something more than strangers? Talk about switching sides. "Will you just listen to me?" Albus implored, clearly becoming exasperated. "Of course I'm listening to you Albus." I couldn't help but roll my eyes. "You abducted me from the common room and forced me into your dorm so I've got nothing else to do but listen to you." "Your snark isn't appreciated." He informed me with a sniff of his nose. "Besides, if you were really listening to me, then you would understand what I'm saying." "You're saying that you want me to talk to Scorpius." I crossed my legs, making myself comfortable on his bed, "And I'm saying I don't want to. Anyway, I thought you were against Scorpius and me being friends?" "I was in the beginning," he admitted, sitting down on the bed beside me. "And you're not anymore? Why?" "Because we have a long talk." Albus patted my knee, "And because you're different for him, different from the other girls." "Well I thought I was too," I muttered looking away from him, "But I was clearly wrong." "You are different," a voice insisted from the doorway and I shot Albus an annoyed look from the corner of my eye. "You lied to me." "I just omitted a fact," he denied innocently as he rose to his feet. "I'll leave you two alone." I didn't watch Albus as he left the room, eyeing the spot where he had been sitting in annoyance. He had tricked me. Merlin. "Well," I muttered, forcing myself to look over at Scorpius who had made his way across the room to sit on his own bed. "Let's get this over with then." "There was a misunderstanding in Honeydukes," he insisted and I couldn't help but roll my eyes. "Of course there was." "There was," Scorpius asserted, "And you ran off before I could explain. Besides, any time I tried to talk to you about it, you avoided me like I was the plague." "And you're surprised about that, because?" He sighed wearily, realising that I wasn't budging. Rubbing a hand over his face, he looked up at me slowly. I could tell that Scorpius was nervous, but why – "Listen, I'm only going to say this once because I don't have the courage to say it more times." He looked away from me, fiddling with his fingers. "I don't do relationships, everyone knows that –" "And that's supposed to justify tricking me?" "Would you let me finish?" Annoyance crept into his tone. "Merlin, woman, you could write a book on the conclusions you jump to by yourself. Look , I'm going to be frank here. When Albus told me to not even think about going after you, it made you off limits and something you're not allowed to have is much more tempting then something you can't have. I didn't want to be in a relationship until I met you –" "Merlin, how cliché." Even still, I could hear the truth in his words He narrowed his eyes at me, "Maybe, but it's the truth." "I don't doubt that," I said, my words making him look at me in utter shock. He floundered for something to say for a moment before shaking his head in exasperation, "Ok, I think I'm going to get whiplash from tying to keep up with your emotions, could you please explain?" I couldn't help but smile as I sat up properly on Albus' bed, moving to the edge so my knees brushed against his. "I see you Scorpius." "I still don't –" "I mean it, I see you, I see past the façade you put up and I hear the honesty in your voice." "Then why didn't you let me explain." "I needed to hear you say the words," I admitted, letting him hold my hand. "Only once I'd heard them could I be certain." "But you kept running –" I smiled slightly sheepishly, "I was scared that you'd tell me that it had all been a ploy." He shook his head, but still he couldn't keep a smile off his face. "How is it you can see through me so well?" he marvelled quietly. "I'm not sure," I admitted, "But I'm glad I can."