a time in order to get to my room quickly. "Probably," I called down to him from the top of the stairs. Changing into my uniform in record time I was downstairs once again, standing beside Bill who was watching me with obvious amusement. Rolling my eyes at him, I did a quick check to make sure that I had everything and moved to leave when an arm blocked me on my way to the fireplace. Looking up at Bill I raised an eyebrow at him but he only leaned down to offer me his cheek in response. Moving in to place a kiss on his cheek, I froze when Bill turned his head to look at me suddenly. Pulling back from him quickly I felt his gaze heavy on me but I refused to meet his eyes. I cleared my throat uncomfortably, still not looking at him as I walked around him to the fireplace. Grabbing a handful of the floo powder I shouted, "St. Mungo's!" I guess that my errands were going to have to wait. Bill's sudden movement had disorientated me so much that they had slipped from my mind. As the flames engulfed me I closed my eyes knowing that the kiss had meant a lot more to me than it had to him. Ever since Bill and I had had our little encounter, things had been strained between the two of us. That itself was so completely odd because no matter how awkward the encounter that had happened between us was, we were always back to normal the next day. I mean, I'd even walked into Bill's room once to finds him 'occupying' himself and even then there had been nothing award between us. But now there was. And no matter how hard I tried to fix it, it just wouldn't work. I'd tried to act as though it had never happened and that only seemed to anger Bill to the point where he was completely ignoring me. So now when I was trying to talk to him about it, he was being a stubborn mule about it all. "Bill," I said standing in the doorway of his office at home. He remained focused on his work, not even looking up at me. "We need to talk about what happened." He looked up from his desk to me and sighed as though he was annoyed. I should have been the one that was annoyed! He was the one that had kissed me. And now he was the one that was avoiding me . Crossing his arms as he leaned back in his chair, he raised an eyebrow at me. "Exactly what happened again?" I put my hands on my hips, narrowing my eyes onto him as I gave him a flat look. "You know what happened William Weasley." Pushing away from his desk, he stood to walk around to the front of his desk. Leaning against it, he crossed one leg over the other at his ankle. "What is there to talk about? I kissed you and you pulled back. End of story – that's all there is to it." "Seriously Bill, don't do this alright. Don't overreact. A kiss is supposed to mean something-" "And what makes you think that that kiss didn't mean anything?" "I truly care about you Bill, how couldn't I? Look I love you but I won't become your rebound that only happens because you're feeling lonely after having been in a relationship for so long." He was silent for a while, clearly repeating my words to himself and I took that as my cue to leave. "You wouldn't have become a rebound." His words rooted me to my place. I met his eyes as he pushed away from his desk. "I never meant for any of it to happen. I never meant for Fleur to become a rebound for you." "She was a rebound for me?" I asked quietly. He nodded his head. "It just – when I met her you were dating? Do you remember the guy?" I nodded slowly. Of course I remembered the man that I had almost walked down the aisle with, only to find out that he was more interested in his best man. It had been a whirlwind romance that had broken my heart and Bill had been there to help me mend it. And of course so had Fleur who had watched her boyfriend, at that time, spending his days revolving around another woman. I think that was when her hatred for me had begun. "You were so in love with him and seeing him make you so happy in a way that you wouldn't let me make you happy had hurt. And then in came Fleur with her veela-ness. She was beautiful and that was the extent of it all. But I tried to get my mind off of you with her help. It clearly didn't work. When you broke up with him, I had tried to break it off with Fleur except she wouldn't let me. She had somehow eventually convinced me to marry her instead and I just-" "Bill," I said gently, cutting off his ramblings. "Bill you're probably confused. She's so beautiful and-" "And it didn't matter because you were the only one I saw," He muttered walked towards me. When he came to a stop in front of me, he tucked some of my hair behind my ear. "You're still the only one that I see." "But I-" Ignoring the protests that I tried to make he pulled me into his arms, making my body press against his. He lowered his head slightly and waited. "Back away now and we can go back to being just friends again. Or do nothing to stop me and our relationship changes completely." "I don't think we've ever been just friends ." I said leaning up to meet him half way. This time I didn't pull back and neither did he.