sat me down on the sofa and locked the door before he removed the spell. I was on my feet the moment the spell was removed. Closing the distance between us, I ignored the fact that he had raised his hands in surrender and delivered a swift kick to his knee. He yelped, leaning over to rub at his knee. "What in Merlin's name was that for?" "You're lucky I didn't kick you between your legs," I threw back, walking back to the sofa to sit down. "You had better have had a good reason for putting on such a scene and abducting me." "I do," he insisted, straightening up and pocketing his wand. He made no move to sit beside me. "Well out with it then." I crossed my arms, "I have plans Cedric – plans that your little stunt is going to make me very late for." "I well –" "I've got a date," I said trying to rush him, "Hurry up and say whatever it is you need to say." "I know you have a date," he said slowly, "But I can't let you go to it." "Why not?" I demanded, watching him as he started to explain. He had better have a reason for – "Because I don't want you to go." I rose to my feet, intending to make my way to the door. Realising this, Cedric backtracked until he was standing between me and the door, blocking my exit. "Did you ever think that I want to?" "Tell me that you've got feelings for your date and I'll let you go," he said quietly as I looked uncertainly into his face. "Tell me that and I'll let you go." "Fine." I rolled my eyes, looking away from him. "I have feelings for him – now will you get out of my way?" Taking a hold of my chin, he turned my head to make me look back at him. Clearing my throat, I went to look away from him when he narrowed his eyes at me and I stopped. "Look me in the eyes," he said firmly, "You've never been able to look me in the eyes and lie to me. So look me in the eyes and tell me that again." "I don't understand," I said instead, taking a few steps back making his hand fall to his side. "Why are you being so uncharacteristically stubborn?" "You can't say it," he said suddenly enlightened. "Cedric –" "And because you can't say it, I'm not letting you out." Leaning against the door, he watched me with an annoyingly smug expression. "What in Merlin's name is wrong with you?" I couldn't help but demand, stalking towards him, "Why does this have anything to do with you?" It was his turn to look away, "You had better answer me Cedric Amos Diggory, or I'll kick you where I was too kind to kick you before, and leave anyway." He kept silent for a few moments and I sighed; it looked like I was going to have to kick him for real? And besides, it wasn't like one kick to the balls would break it or make him infertile, was it? "What else am I supposed to do?" he asked suddenly, bringing my attention back to him. He wasn't looking at me, a red flush creeping up his neck. "What on Earth is it going to take for you to open your eyes and see me standing in front of you?" "What are you talking about?" I asked quietly, "Of course I see you Cedric. You're too tall to miss." He sighed, running a hand through his hair – acting as dramatic as one of the newly heartbroken fourth year boys that liked to mope in the common room. "That's not what I mean." "Then explain," I insisted, "Tell me what you mean. And if you can't do that then show me or something." He contemplated my words and started to speak slowly, "Everyone says you have a crush on me –" I went to cut in, becoming bright red as though he had just aired my dirty laundry. "But –" "And I didn't believe them because it seemed too good to be true – why would the girl I've been chasing after for so long actually like me back?" He rubbed the back of his neck, risking a momentary glance at me. It was like he expected me to say something but how could I when his words had rendered me speechless? "And then Cho came up to me and told me that you did like me back but were hiding it for some reason and well –" "But I never told Cho that –" My words made him look at me suddenly and I found my voice trailing off. "So it is true then?" His eyes regained that sparkle that he'd lost minutes earlier. "I never said that," I protested, backing away as he drew closer to me. "You didn't need to," he grinned handsomely and I felt butterflies erupt in the pit of my stomach. Merlin, this was not the time for that – He wrenched me against him, arm around my waist. Bracing myself against his chest, I looked up at him with wide eyes. "What are you doing?" Blinking up at him, I couldn't meet his eyes. "Showing you," he explained with a bright smile, bringing his head closer towards mine. Surely he couldn't want to – "Like you said to. Unless that's a problem?" He stopped his descent, eyes alight with mischief and it was clear that he already knew my answer. But he halted anyway, waiting. I shook my head. I faintly heard him mutter, "Merlin, finally," before he closed the distance between us and sealed his lips over mine. I very briefly extended a silent apology to the boy waiting for me in Hogsmeade who soon fled my mind as I leaned up, wrapping my arms around his neck.