for me, "Or something." "Or something." He cleared his throat, "Since I'm not tutoring you anymore, maybe we should meet up sometime?" My eyes widened a little as I reminded myself that we'd agreed to be friends. Smiling slightly, I rolled my eyes, "Of course Louis, that's what being friends entails." "That's not what I meant," he explained, "I don't really date my tutees and well, you're not one anymore. Are you?" I cleared my throat, looking away from him as I asked quietly, "Why?" He grinned when I brought my eyes back to him, "Because I like you." "I – you what?" He laughed at just how incredulous I sounded and I took the opportunity to look around the hallway, realising we were walking towards the common room. "I like you," he repeated confidently, making me falter in my step. "So, Hogsmeade then?" Avoiding his eyes, I nodded absentmindedly, as I did my best not the react to the way he was grinning at me. I jumped a little, growing startled when he reached down to take my hand in his as we continued our way to the common room. When the morning of the next Hogsmeade trip came, I found myself drawing into myself a little. Since Louis had mentioned going to Hogsmeade together, he hadn't brought it up again and I wondered whether he had decided against going together? And if he wasn't, was I supposed to meet him somewhere? Or wait for him to come to me? Merlin, this was confusing. "What's the matter?" Emily asked as she settled down beside me and helped herself to some toast. She shared a look with Eloise and Alice as if to ask what was wrong with me. "Nothing," I insisted when the three girls stared at me as if trying to peer into my mind, "I just didn't get a lot of sleep last night." She frowned, eyes showing her concern as she looked over me from head to toe, "Maybe you should stay in instead of going to Hogsmeade? It might be better to get some rest?" "Maybe the fresh air will do me some good," I insisted, eyes drifting to the Ravenclaw table which was still surprisingly empty. "Maybe," she agreed unwillingly, "I'll have to keep a close eye on you." Eyeing her uncertainly, I bit my cheek and wondered how to progress. Seeing my eyes on her, she raised an eyebrow and I shook my head to dismiss her concerns. "Didn't you have plans?" I asked instead as I picked up my glass of pumpkin juice, "I heard that Mason asked you to go with him to Hogsmeade?" "Well I told him I'm not interested," she began flatly, "He and his STDs can keep themselves away from me." I choked on my drink, staring at her with wide eyes. Looking across the table at the other two girls I saw that I wasn't the only one who was taken by surprise. Putting my cup down, I wiped my lips with a napkin, "I'm sorry – what? Did you say that to his face?" "Of course I did." She looked up from her plate to give me a look, "I'd never say something about someone that I wouldn't say to their face." "I take it that was the reason why Mason spent all of yesterday complaining?" Louis asked from behind us. Emily met my eyes briefly before we both turned to look over our shoulders, taking in the seventh-year boy stood behind us. I felt Eloise gently kick my shin, asking me what was going on and I met her eyes briefly. Looking back to Louis, I found him watching me expectantly. "Have you had breakfast yet?" I found myself questioning, trying to avoid the inevitable for a little while longer. "I got an early breakfast," he assured me, smiling down at me. "Should we get going then?" "You've got a tutoring session during Hogsmeade?" Eloise asked incredulously, looking between the two of us. "That some dedication, Louis," Alice praised and I wanted to curl up into a ball. How could I forget? She was a member of his fan club! "But I thought you were going into Hogsmeade?" Emily asked, confusion written in her features when I met her eyes. Looking back to Louis, I rolled my eyes. He had no business looking so amused by this situation. After silently giving me a probing look, he looked back to my friends and cleared his throat. "We're going to Hogsmeade together," he announced as he leaned down to take my hand and helped me to my feet. Biting down on my bottom lip I looked back to my friends who had fallen silent. Emily not so secretly gave me a wink and Eloise was hiding her grin behind her mug of tea. Helga, I couldn't even look at Alice who looked a little stricken. "Should we go?" Louis asked again, looking down at me and I nodded uncertainly before allowing him to lead me out of the great hall. The moment we were out of the great hall, I pushed him in annoyance. He let out a laugh. "Rowena, you should see your face." "Do you have any idea what you've done?" I complained, "You announce it in the great hall and the gossip is going to travel throughout the entire school by the time we come back from Hogsmeade. And Merlin, your fan club – they're going to kill me." Even the thought of it had me wanted to hide in a corner. Growing up in this school had taught me just how wicked some of the girls could be, especially when it came to matters regarding a boy. Burrowing my head into my hands, I let out a sigh when I felt him take me in his arms. "Don't worry," he said, still chuckling, "I'll protect you from them." Pulling back to look at him, I frowned up at him, "You're not helping matters."