of the pitch. Talk about a close call. My eyes drifted back to the team and groaned. The reporter might not have seen it but every single member of the team had and they were all grinning cheekily up at me. I forced myself to remain neutral faced, even as the team took to the sky and slapped Roger cheerfully on the back, as they went. According to Mr Campbell this was the most important match of the season. Although, according to him, every match was the most important match of the season. But no-one questioned it and I sat by his side as the two teams took to the sky to begin the match. The whistle was blown and Alistair moved instantly, getting higher in the air to get a broader view of the pitch. The quaffle, thrown into the air by the referee, was caught by Roger who the moment the ball was tucked against his chest, few towards the goal posts. Shielded from the incoming bludgers by the team's beaters defensive play, he arrived by the goal posts in the blink of an eye. The first goal was scored effortlessly. But the score tied up quickly. It was going to be a close match. Or rather it had seemed that way until the players had shared some secret sign and their form of playing had been switched out. They swapped from playing more defensively, to becoming more aggressive in their attacks. I sighed into my hands, already doing a mental count of the number of broken bones and fractures that I was going to have to heal once the game had finished. Merlin, I just prayed that there would be no deep cuts, or any blood to deal with. The teams tactical play was pulling off – the gap between the scores was increasing and it bought Alistair the time he needed to continue his search for the ever-elusive snitch. Alistair dove suddenly, his sudden burst of speed catching my attention as well as the attention of the other seeker who shadowed his movements. I watched as he nosedived towards the ground. My heart felt like it was pulling into my chest the closer he got to the ground. Pull up. Pull up. Pull up, I pleaded internally as the distance between Alistair and the ground shrunk even further. He pulled up suddenly and the other seeker, taken by surprise was unable to and was left to plummet to the ground. I slumped against my seat. Bloody wronski feint. The opponent seeker was on his broom again, flying towards the sky. Merlin, quidditch players certainly weren't human. They were probably made up of something completely different to the rest of us. Or maybe they were all just masochists. Suddenly the crowd let out an almighty gasp and I looked around in surprise, especially when I realised that Campbell was out of his seat, peering over the railings. The blood fled out of his face, his knuckles turning white from the grip he had and I peered curiously down into the pitch. I gasped, heart stopping for a moment before it started to pump mildly in my chest. When had he fallen off of his broom and why the hell wasn't he moving? The captain called for a time out and I hurried onto the pitch, my emergency medical kit flying after me. Kneeling beside Roger's unmoving form, I swallowed deeply and fumbled to open the kit. A hand was set on top of my trembling one and I glanced up, seeing that Campbell had walked down with me. "Calm down," he ordered firmly, but kindly, "If you panic here, then we're done for." "You're right," I took a deep breath, "You're right." Going through the procedures in my head, I checked for a pulse and checked his airways. When I knew that both were alright, I looked him over for any visibly signs of injury. Pulling my wand out from my pocket, I pressed it to his temple. "Rennervate." Nothing happened. Why wasn't anything happening? He wasn't responsive and the realisation made me start to shake again. I forced myself to power through it, even as tears clouded my vision. "Rennervate," I tried again, my voice cracking half way through the word. Tears slipped down my face and I did nothing to wipe them away as I cast a diagnostic spell on him. Before I could finish reciting the spell, he sat up suddenly, looking right as rain and kissed me. There was an audibly relieved sigh from the crowd followed my exclamations of surprise. My own muddled mind took a good while longer to process what had happened and when I realised that he was alright, he was awake and breathing, I let my tears fall freely. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I processed that Roger had done it on purpose, he had faked it all, and I was choosing my way to kill him but for now I returned the kiss, my relief obvious. He pulled away with a chuckle, setting his forehead on mine. "Try and hide it from the reporters now." My mouth parted in shock and I pounded on his chest. I was on the verge of crying again – this time in sheer relief. "You utter piece of crap, you dick-faced twat. You – you flobberworm, how dare you –" He caught my wrists, stopping me from hitting him anymore. Wincing slightly, he muttered, "That hurts you know." His voice trailed off, seeing my tears for the first time and he looked genuinely apologetic. Good, he should feel apologetic. "I didn't think you'd cry." "You didn't think at all you bloody asshole." He sighed, dropping my wrists and wiping my tears away before taking me in his arms. "You know tears are my weakness." The team stood around awkwardly, watching as Roger calmed me down with gentle words, all while I kept cursing at him and hitting his chest.