and cake was so familiar that her aching eyes started to water and her whole body shook worse than ever. Something wooden landed with a thud on the ground and Bella instinctively knew that Andromeda had dropped her wand. She almost jumped back when her sisterʼs arms closed around her and returned the hug. A sob escaped Bella as she remembered how Cissy had feebly attempted to embrace her when they had met again, but immediately stopped with a pronounced air of relief when Bella had shied away from her. And any contact approaching closeness with Rodolphus was so long ago that she had no idea (and had not the least interest in remembering) when it could have happened. For years, there had been only one person she had wanted to be close to and his presence had been one of awe and admiration, far too high for her to ever aspire to. And suddenly she was sobbing at the shoulder of a woman she had considered her worst enemy and stain a moment ago. Bella wanted to see reason, but she didnʼt dare anymore to push Andromeda away for her sister might then see how wet her face was. She couldnʼt give her the satisfaction to know that she had cried. But the longer she continued with her arms around Andromeda, the more she remembered countless little details she had never thought about since she had been sent to Azkaban or even since her life had gained a purpose in the service of the Dark Lord. But the familiar unfamiliarity of Andromedaʼs proximity sent her back so many years, to so many memories that had lain forgotten in the most remote recesses of her brain: Andromeda faithfully scribbling down whatever she dictated her, Andromeda chiding her when she ate the dough during the two of them baking together, Andromeda styling her hair with a solemn air, Andromeda running towards her after she had returned for the first time from school, Andromeda listening with round eyes as she told fairy tales to her. Bella had forgotten what a large part Andromeda had once hold in her heart and ever more tears streaked down her cheeks. ʻDromeda,ʼ she finally croaked, forsaking all her pride, ʻDrommy little, come back with me.ʼ Her sister fidgeted in her arms and Bella reinforced her hug. ʻDrommy, listen,ʼ she whispered. ʻYouʼve made a mistake, that can happen to anybody. Itʼs nothing that canʼt be fixed. We simply go down and tell Rodolphus to get rid of that thing in the kitchen and then we go to Cissy together and everything will be as it should. Come, Drommy sweetheart, come back with me.ʼ ʻBella...ʼ whispered her sister weakly and Bella pressed her closer to herself. ʻOh Dromeda,ʼ she spoke on. ʻWeʼll forgive you, youʼll forget these wasted years, weʼll put it all in the most distant past and everything will be as it has to be. Just wait a moment until weʼve cleaned up all the dirt that has been amassed during these unfortunate years-ʼ Andromeda let out a sob and Bella rocked her softly. ʻDonʼt worry, love,ʼ she crooned. ʻOnce weʼve eliminated all the traces of this escapade, youʼll be one of us again. Oh Dromeda, my little Drommy, how I missed you.ʼ Andromeda moved her head and another sob escaped her. ʻDonʼt cry, Drommy dear,ʼ said Bella. ʻEverything is going to be fine. Youʼre going to be free again, weʼll wipe out that thing in the kitchen and then that unfortunate result together with her beast and then, itʼs just the three of us like it should be. Oh Drommy, how much I love you.ʼ ʻI did love you, Bella.ʼ Bella pulled away from her sister and took her head between her hands, smiling and trying to ignore how alien her claw-like fingers looked on her sisterʼs tear-stained cheeks. ʻLetʼs go, darling.ʼ A quiver went through Andromedaʼs whole body and her eyes widened. ʻI canʼt,ʼ she breathed. ʻOf course you can,ʼ said Bella, smiling encouragingly. ʻYouʼll be all right.ʼ ʻNo.ʼ ʻWhy?ʼ Andromeda closed her eyes and two more tears welled down her cheeks as she opened her mouth, ʻBecause I love him.ʼ Bella froze, her fingernails piercing in her sisterʼs skin. Her happily bloated heart was pierced and burst through her whole body, filling every inch of her with shame and wrath. Her breathing hitched and a red glow set before her eyes. It couldnʼt be! After what she had done and said, it couldnʼt be. This ungratefulness! This betrayal! It was beyond anybodyʼs wildest imagination. With all the force she could muster, she hurled her sisterʼs head away, her nails leaving bloody traces on Andromedaʼs cheek. In the next moment, Bella had snatched her wand from her robes and thrown her sisterʼs body hard against the wall. She lifted the clothes horse to the ceiling and let it crash on Andromedaʼs limp body. Then she turned on her heels and jumped out of the room, shutting the door with so much force so that it got unhinged. She ran down, down, down the stairs and nearly ran into her husband who waited for her at the bottom. ʻIs it dead?ʼ asked Bella harshly, nodding towards the kitchen. ʻNo,ʼ answered Rodolphus and Bella felt all to acutely how he stared at her wet face. ʻShould I...?ʼ Bella gripped the handrail so hard that her knuckles turned white. ʻNo,ʼ she then choked and, raising her voice so that she could be heard through the whole house, added, ʻWe can do that after we kill their brood. Let them know that first.ʼ She didnʼt pay attention to Rodolphusʼs nod, but grabbed his hand, hating him for his surprised look. Covering her head with the hood, she stormed out of the house, only desiring to get to the point where they could Disapparate. A/N Thanks for reading, hope you found it somewhat interesting and... what did you think? Is Bella still in character or too nice? Review? Thanks.