trying to build his barrier from invading forces. It was rather nostalgic, really. A few moments passed, long enough for Severus to wonder if Lucius had just left him alone in his office. It wasn't beyond him to do that; it was his favorite activity when he was thirteen and messing with the first years who looked down on him. While Severus was reminiscing in his years at school, he didn't notice the light shuffling that came closer to him until he felt something warm touch his lips. Severus' mouth opened with a gasp, allowing the mysterious person to slip their tongue in. Severus gripped the armrests of his chair, not daring to open his eyes to reveal the unknown kisser. He could have if he really wanted to, but something about the anonymity of the whole situation made it more interesting. His mind raced with who it could be, all while succumbing to the deep kiss. It could be someone Lucius brought in. In fact, that was most likely it. Lucius probably planned their whole conversation up until this point just to get a good chuckle. But that was too strategic, and Lucius had never been that smart. Lucius... Suddenly, the darkness that Severus was so used to seeing with his eyes shut bloomed into various colors. They exploded out like flowers and evolved into intricate forms, constantly shifting into each other. It was beautiful. In that moment, Severus knew. He relaxed into the kiss, letting the not-so-mysterious person take the lead. The person recognized this instantly, and steered the kiss into their favor, cupping Severus' face with their hands. Severus steadied himself by finding and gripping the person's waist. They let out a choked, guttural sound, provoking an intense feeling Severus hadn't felt in years. It was the certainty he felt that convinced Severus. The same certainty that Lucius expressed when he spoke of the Dark Lord's predicted rise. It was the certainty that he felt deep inside him when he noticed the Lucius seemed off. It was the certainty that he felt now that told him to keep his eyes shut and enjoy the kiss. It was with that certainty that Severus knew Lucius would be in front of him, breathing fast and ragged, when he finally opened his eyes after the kiss ended. The stared at each other, both breathing hard and in the same positions; Severus in his chair holding onto Lucius' waist for support and Lucius holding Severus' face in his hands. Freezing grey ice met onyx black night, both with a soft and subtle warmth to them. Severus was oddly not surprised. It's almost like he knew all along that this would happen, that they would be holding each other and both desperate for happiness long after the war had ended and they had went their separate ways. It was almost like they had had a tension between them; a tension that kept building and building and building, until the inevitable release. Even though it seemed unlikely, and even though they had their differences and their faults, it was an intense sureness and... and certainty that had pulled them together to this beautiful and harmonious moment. When Lucius bent down to steal another kiss, Severus only smiled lightly and complied. This time, he wrapped himself with the warmth coming from Lucius and the mild scent of rich evergreen that was not unusual, though now it seemed to hold a different meaning and significance than just the musky scent that reminded Severus of the large forest behind the Malfoy Manor. He trailed his hands up until he was grasping at the long, silky hair that flowed down gently over Lucius' shoulders. There were so many things about him the Severus thought he knew, yet he was relearning them over and over as the kiss deepened again. Maybe it was the intensity of the emotions Severus now felt, or maybe it was the certainty that Severus had come rely on, but something had pushed him to take control and push Lucius against the edge of his desk. Lucius responded excitedly and slipped his hands down underneath Severus' robes as Severus feverishly fingered Lucius' hair. It was probably a horrible decision to keep going, but Merlin did it feel fucking great. The world around them no longer existed when they were kissing; it closed around them and stopped for a second, as if watching them relieve their pent up desire. As if wondering why they didn't do it sooner, why they didn't figure this out years ago when they were more innocent. But they were no longer innocent, Severus thought bitterly. Lucius had a wife and a son, and Severus had been hopelessly obsessed with a dead girl. There was little they could do to cultivate these feelings and turn them into something more. It was too late. But right now, as the sun set over the lake through Severus' small window, reflecting off of the broken mirror across from his now mussed up bed, none of that existed. It was just them together, just two men who never really got close, who never really talked, who never really understood one another. Just them, the sun, and a certainty that all of this was alright, that all of this was supposed to happen. He supposed that they would have to stop at some point. This couldn't exist with the circumstances that they were in. They would of course be laughed at, ridiculed, and at the most displaced from their respective jobs. But right now, as Lucius was unbuttoning his shirt and Severus was lightly trailing down his face with short, sweet kisses, both of them with flushed cheeks and almost lazy grins, it was okay. They were hidden from the scary outside world, hidden from due dates, hidden from people that would judge them harshly, and hidden from their worries. But hidden is how they must stay. And that was something they were both certain of.