"What the hell do you think you're playing Zabini? Why do you keep kissing me? Do you not want the rumours to go away?" "Believe it or not Pucey," he drawled, staring up at me, "you're the one fuelling the rumours this time round." He smirked at my glare, "You know, for such a smart girl, it really is taking you a long time to figure out." His words had me thinking for a moment and I knew he could see the moment realisation dawned on me. He chuckled quietly, "There you go." "The first rumour was true," I muttered, uncrossing my arms and fidgeting slightly. "You do fancy me." "If we're going to use the juvenile word for it then yeah, I fancy you." "So," Draco piped up from beside Blaise, "does this mean the two of you are together then?" I shook my head, looking away from Blaise, "No." His eyebrows rose imperiously as he wondered aloud, "How many more kisses is it going to take?" I didn't have an answer for him but was spared the need to answer when Adrian walked into the common room. He made a beeline for the sofas and reached into his pockets to retrieve our wands. "What the hell did you do in your detention?" he demanded, handing Blaise his wand before holding my own out to me. "Snape said that the pair of you need to report to Sprout for detention tomorrow night." Glaring at Blaise, I adjusted my hold on my wand. Merlin, I was tempted to hex him. Besides, it wasn't like Adrian was going to take points from me anyway. "What's going on?" Adrian questioned and I decided to answer him when it was clear Blaise wouldn't. "He got us in trouble again," I murmured, turning into Adrian. "So, I'm going to hex him." "I can do it for you?" he offered, "We both know I'm better at it than you are." "The head boy can't keep going around hexing people." Adrian nodded, looking past me to meet Blaise's eyes. "Keep picking on my sister Zabini and I'll land you in the hospital wing." Boys! Honestly. As instructed, we reported for our next detention to Sprout who requested our presence in greenhouse 1. Merlin, if Blaise did something to make us get another detention then I was going to kill him. Maybe it was a better idea for us to start serving out detentions separately. Sprout had told us to water all the plants in the numerous greenhouses and then we could leave. She saw no need to take our wands from us and I was thankful that it meant I could hex Blaise if he began to get too close to me again. Before she had left us alone in the greenhouse, she had said firmly that there was to be no inappropriate behaviour. I promised her that there wouldn't be and noticed that Blaise hadn't done such a thing. "I'll be back in half an hour," Sprout said over her shoulder as she exited the greenhouse, leaving us alone. I got to work immediately; the quicker we started, the sooner we could leave. Grabbing a watering can, I noticed that Blaise hadn't made a single move from where he was standing. Rolling my eyes, I approached the hose that was mounted on the wall. Bending over slightly, I turned the hose on and filled up the watering can. "Are you going to make me do everything?" I demanded. "Don't mind me Pucey," he said from behind me. Salazar, I could hear the smirk in his words. "I'm just enjoying the view." I scoffed, straightening up quickly. Turning the hose off, I muttered, "You really don't act like a boy who's got a crush." "Do you expect every boy to act the same way?" he asked, stealing the full watering can from me and handing me an empty one to fill. I made a face but filled the can without a fuss, watching as he started to water the plants one by one. We worked in silence again and I walked towards the new seedlings of the Chinese Chomping Cabbage. Looking over the instructions Sprout had left us, I read that these plants needed more water than usual and reached out to pull one of the small potted tubs towards me. Blaise was at my side in an instant, pulling my hand away from the plant just as the Cabbage awoke to snap at the air where my hand had previously been. Merlin. That thing would have chomped right through my hand. My eyes were still wide with shock when I turned to meet Blaise's unimpressed eyes. "While I'm flattered to be able to distract you so much, I'd rather you pay attention to your safety," he muttered dryly and I gave him a look. Releasing my hand, he set his watering can on the counter and said without faltering, "Now that everything's out in the open, how about I take you to Hogsmeade to make up for all the embarrassment I've caused you this week?" "What gives?" I asked suspiciously, putting my own watering can down. Crossing my arms, I turned towards him, "Why suddenly change tactic?" "Because my other tactic clearly wasn't working," he said honestly, surprising me. "So?" "I don't know," my words were quiet as I asked quietly, "if I agree, then you're not going to keep getting us detentions? The getting us into trouble ends here?" He nodded but added, "I can't any promises about not kissing you though." Watching him for a moment, I nodded slowly and said in as casual a voice as I could muster. "Fine." Then, picking up my watering can, I turned away from him and continued to water the plants. I pretended that I couldn't feel his heavy gaze on me and made sure that he didn't see that way I was flushing at the turn of events. He'd never let me live it down.