seat beside me and she took his place at the back of the classroom. When Teddy walked into the room he made his way to his seat, directly in front of me and did a double take when he saw who my desk mate was. Warrington, seeing this, leaned in close to me whilst keeping his eyes on Teddy who had yet to take his seat. I didn't dare look at Teddy to see how he was reacting. Warrington's nose brushed against my cheek as he turned to whisper in my ear, "Don't get the wrong idea about this Owens, I'm only doing this because I owed Fenwick a favour. Nothing else." "Don't be concerned about me getting the wrong idea," I assured him quietly, turning towards him. "You're really not my type." Teddy threw his bag, heavy from all the textbooks it contained, on the table and the sound it made had me jumping away from Warrington. I looked at him with wide eyes. He looked like he was trying his hardest not to demand to know what was going on. With an easy smile, I met his eyes. "Good morning." "Morning," he muttered and turned his eyes to my partner. "Warrington." "Lupin." Teddy took to his seat and the lesson began as each did with our Professor talking us through one of the different types of ruinic alphabets that were used in the wizarding world. Once the explanation had been finished, the passage that we needed to translate was carefully copied onto the board at the front of the classroom. As our professor returned to her desk, the volume in the classroom rose as everyone started to chatter between themselves. Warrington took the chance to begin the ploy. From the outside it must have looked like we were flirting with each other but we really weren't. It turned out that Warrington had an amazing sense of humour and he kept whispering jokes to me that no one else could hear. The jokes had me giggling loud enough to irritate Teddy's ears. He kept throwing glances over his shoulder which I pretended not to notice. Poor Barnes was having a hard time trying to placate Teddy. Teddy finally turned back to his desk with a sigh and I thought that perhaps we had pushed him too far when he turned to face my desk suddenly, with his parchment in his hand. I still didn't look his way and playfully pushed Warrington away from me. "Stop it Lucian," I said with a smile. Warrington turned his eyes to Teddy, smirked slightly and turned back to his own translation. I looked to Teddy, raising an eyebrow curiously. "Teddy?" "Would you check this for me?" He held the parchment out to me. "Of course." It didn't take long to compare his translation to mine and I was unsurprised to find absolutely nothing wrong with it. He clearly hadn't been able to think of a better excuse. I held it back out for Teddy to take, "It's perfect Teddy." Even as he took it, he didn't turn away. Instead he leaned towards me slightly, "Are you –" Warrington cut in quickly, taking my hand. I concealed my surprise, looking to Warrington who asked me to check something. Turning away from Teddy I leaned in closer to Warrington to read over his work. I tried my very best to check his work with all my attention but it was extremely hard to do when I was so completely aware of the male posturing going on between the two boys. The end of the lesson saved me from having to step in before the tension between them reached breaking point. I packed my things quickly, wanting to leave this situation quickly. But when I went to leave the room I became aware of Teddy who was waiting for me by the doorway. I brushed past him and stepped into the corridor. "You were flirting in there," he hissed, outraged as he walked beside me. "Don't even try to deny it Owens. You've been flirting with me all year so I can tell." He waited impatiently for me to say something. "Well?" Stopping in my step, I faced him head on, "Is it a crime to be flirting with a cute boy? Especially when we're not serious yet?" "Not serious yet?" he repeated incredulously, eyebrows shooting to his hairline. He narrowed his eyes at me. "Our game's not over yet, Lupin. Remember?" "Well it's over now! So quit your flirting." I let myself grin then, rising slightly to my toes to bring my face closer to his. "Does this mean I win?" My words brought him out of his jealous stupor and he shook his head adamantly. "No." "Ok," I said with a shrug. "Fine." From over his shoulder I saw Warrington finally leave the room. "Lucian!" Just as I went to brush past him to join my fellow Slytherin, Teddy took my arm and pulled me back towards him. I gestured for Warrington to leave and turned my attention back to the Hufflepuff. Teddy sighed and I raised an eyebrow. "Fine," he muttered begrudgingly, "you win." I grinned widely. Rising fully to my toes, I pressed a kiss to his cheek and the frown instantly left his face. "No flirting," he reminded me when I pulled back from him. "Remember what I said – once the game was over we become serious." "Why would I flirt with other guys when we're serious now?" Teddy shook his head incredulously, even as an amused smile pulled at his lips. He sounded extremely fond when he said, "You really are something else." "I'm taking that as a compliment," I informed him as I reached up to touch a strand of his hair which had shifted colour the moment he'd walked into Ruins. He either hadn't had the control to change it back or he hadn't noticed it yet. "You know, green is not a good colour on you."