"Your mother will have a fit when she finds out that you're not in your bed Charlie, who knows what she'll think." Biting my lip hesitantly, I added, "Especially after today –" "I told her where I'd be." He slipped off his shoes and clambered into my bed, heading straight for 'his' side. "She said it was alright, she knew I needed space." "But your family need you right now," I insisted as I watched him get settled into bed. He outstretched his arms towards me, and said quietly, "And I need you right now." I went into his arms without a word, letting them curl around me and hold me against him. We laid there in silence and I listened to the steady sound of his beating heart beneath my ear. "How are your parents?" I asked eventually, slipping out of his arms to lie on my pillow so I could look him in the eyes. "Coping. Just." He sighed deeply, "But they have to be coping, for all of us." "And how are you Charlie?" "I keep thinking that if I had gotten here sooner then maybe, maybe I would have been able to –" Reaching a hand out to his lips, I covered his mouth. "Don't. You know that there's nothing you would have been able to do." "I know, but if I had just –" He cut himself off suddenly, taking in a ragged breath. He moved towards me instantly, burrowing his head in my neck and silent sobs wracked his frame. I held onto him tightly, giving him the security he needed as he broke down for the first time in a very long time. Listening to his unsteady breathing and the occasional sobs that he let out, I felt my own eyes fill with tears and blinked them back. Turning my face towards his, I pressed a kiss to his hair, gently stroking his back. I woke the next morning to fingers running through my hair, my ponytail having long fallen out. My sleep-addled brain found nothing odd about the sensation and I nuzzled further into my pillow before moaning at the crick in my neck. The fingers, as if knowing the source of my pain, left my hair to rub soothingly at the back of my neck. Letting out a relieved sigh as I felt the tension ease, I opened my eyes slowly only to be greeted by the sight of hospital beds on the other side of the room. I sat up with a sudden gasp, realising that not only had I fallen asleep at Charlie's bedside, but I had managed to somehow fall asleep with my head against the mattress. I met Charlie's open eyes with my own embarrassed ones and hurried to tie my hair back up again. My mouth parted as I tried to make up some excuse because this wasn't what qualified healers did. We didn't fall asleep at a patient's bedside, especially when we were supposed to be keeping an eye out for the early symptoms of dragon pox – My eyes widened as I leaned over Charlie a little, looking over him for the symptoms. He laid back against his pillow and said nothing, letting me carry out my inspection. There was no sign of the puss filled boils, no green tint to his skin "Anything wrong?" he asked when I pulled back from him. "It doesn't seem like it," I muttered, continuing to look him over. "There were no symptoms of dragon pox," a voice called out from behind me and I turned to see Wayne moving around the cabin as he tended to the patients that had woken up. "I came to check up on you an hour or two after we'd all left, and give you some coffee to help you stay awake but you were already sleeping." "Merlin, I'm sorry Wayne." "Don't be," he insisted, waving my concerns away as he approached me, "I handled everything and even ran a diagnostic spell on him. There's no traces of dragon pox anywhere in his system." "Look at you," I said with a grin, reaching out to ruffle his hair, "You're practically a fully-fledged healer." "Almost," he agreed as he continued on his rounds and I turned back to the bedridden man who had watched our interaction in silence. "What?" he asked, shifting slightly when my eyes settled on him. "How is it you keep getting injured in the same place?" I wandered, reaching out to press a hand to the space above his heart, "You were injured here during the battle and then a bloody dragon bites you here –" "And yet the tattoo's safe and sound," he said with a grin which faded when he saw the way I sighed and collapsed back into the seat by his bed. Reaching out with his hand, he ran a soothing hand though my hair. "What is it?" "I can't keep doing this," I admitted quietly, wondering whether he had heard me or not. "Doing what?" "I can't keep fighting against this." Lifting my gaze to his, I saw the way he was hesitating to show any form of reaction, in case the conversation twisted in a way he hadn't imagined. "Every single part of me is screaming out that not being with you is wrong and I can't keep ignoring that. Breaking up was the worst decision and it's too hard to keep acting as if your feelings are onesided." "Breaking up wasn't my idea," he reminded me, and I reached out to swat his arm. He took my arm and pulled on it to get me to close the distance between us again. I glanced curiously at him and he only leaned forward to press a quick kiss to my lips. "Just so you know," he remarked quietly as I drew back from him, "I'm not going to let you break up with me again. The consequences are too long-lasting and too painful."