thinking that we weren't – after all, you say so yourself in your office." He shook his head slowly. "Merlin's beard, make up your mind, woman." I couldn't help but chuckle as he straightened up and approached me. Having learnt my lesson from the fiasco in my office, I walked around the room and away from him. I was determined to keep my distance from him – he wasn't going to crowd me into anything today. He said nothing about my obvious avoidance and instead followed me. "You're impossible," I threw over my shoulder as I walked out of the kitchen. "Should we get going then?" "Eager, aren't you?" "The quicker we leave; the sooner I can come home." "Not if I'm charming enough for you to not want to return home until tomorrow," he remarked, speeding up to cut in front of me on my way to the front door. Shooting him a look, I grabbed my coat and slipped my feet into my shoes. "I'm not that sort of girl, Mr McLaggen." "Well that's a shame." He chuckled at my facial expression. "You're not that sort of girl at all and that's why I like you." "I'm not even going to ask you what you mean by that," I muttered, straightening out my clothes and raising an eyebrow. "So, are we going or not?" He held out an arm for me to take, "Well come on then. We're apparating." "You did pass the test, didn't you?" I asked doubtfully but took his arm anyway. As soon as I had taken his arm, he pulled me into his chest and wrapped it around my waist. "Hold on tight." Before I could say another word, he had apparated us out of my apartment and we found ourselves, moments later, standing in an alleyway between two buildings. Tucking his wand into his pocket, Cormac removed the arm from around my waist and instead took my hand instead. He led me by the hand, out of the alleyway and I took a look around us. My mouth parted in shock slightly, "Are we in muggle London?" "We are," he confirmed but said nothing more as he led me through the busy streets, moving through the crowd of people. "But why?" I asked looking up at the man who was staring straight ahead as he navigated us. "Well you're muggleborn, aren't you?" He looked down at me briefly, "I thought you'd like it if we spent some time in the muggle world. And not to sound big headed or arrogant, but I'm quite famous in the wizarding world – you saw the scene in the Three Broomsticks – a crowd tends to form and I don't want that. I want to be able to get to know you properly and enjoy our first date together." "That's sweet and all, but do you even know your way around muggle London?" He rolled his eyes for me to see as we came to a stop in front of a coffee shop. Holding the door open for me to enter before him, he spoke, "You underestimate me, Creevey. Where do you think quidditch players go on dates? It's one of the reasons that the paparazzi get so annoyed – the quidditch players that genuinely want to spend time with someone and avoid the paparazzi, head into the muggle world." "Really?" Escorting me to a table, he narrowed his eyes playfully. "You might be a sincere journalist but don't go and tell that piece of information to any of your paparazzi friends." "I won't," I promised, shrugging out of my coat and laying it across the back of my chair. "Good, keep the secret to yourself." He opened up a menu and I found myself doing the same. "Now what can I get you?" After placing our order, Cormac returned to the table where I was waiting. He took one look at my facial expression before sighing. Crossing his arms over his chest, he leaned back in his chair. "What is it?" "I didn't say anything," I protested. "I've seen you enough times to realise that you have a facial expression that you pull when you want to say or ask something," he explained, "So ask away." I chewed on the inside of my cheek, "I don't know-" He rolled his eyes. "Hurry up." "Why do you like me?" Seeing the incredulous look he was giving me, I hurried to explain, "I just don't understand it – before the whole feature writing thing popped up, the last time we'd seen each other was at Hogwarts. I had been 15, crying my eyes out and you were probably uncomfortable as you comforted me. I just don't understand." "That wasn't the last time," he admitted. "I'm pretty sure it was –" "Just because you think I didn't see you, doesn't' mean that I didn't." He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "Your brother's a big fan of the team, right? So much so that he used to drag you along to games with me at the start of the year until you became busier with work. I'd just become the main keeper and from my goal post, I had a vantage of the VIP area. That's when I saw you." "And what?" I narrowed my eyes in confusion. "That, was it?" "No, I was curious about you." He paused as our drinks were brought out to our table. Waiting until the waitress had left, he started to speak again, "I hadn't seen you since the Battle of Hogwarts and to be honest, that day I'd wanted to stay and make sure that you were alright but Dennis was there so I left him to it. It started off as curiosity until it wasn't." "I still don't understand," I murmured, raising my mug to my lips. He chuckled slightly, "I didn't think you would. But it's alright, we've got a long time for me to explain it to you."