will pull you from the team." Once Hugo had been released from the hospital wing, Rose had been too busy packing for the upcoming holiday to remove him from the team. He had confessed the fact to me when I'd bumped into him on the train, both of us in the queue for the trolley. Apparently, his sister had threatened him that one more injury and he was going to be removed from the team and Hugo swore then that he wouldn't let himself get injured. I just nodded along, not understanding why quidditch players were willing to risk their lives for such a stupid game. I was smart enough to keep those thoughts to myself. The train journey home seemed to take less time than usual. Or maybe that was because I'd fallen asleep during the journey? Our entire dorm had spent most of the night talking and grilling Ariel on what was going on between her and Thomas that we hadn't slept for very long. So really, it was no surprise that we had all fallen asleep when we did. We were woken up by the prefects dropping by each carriage to announce that we were ten minutes away from the station. I groaned, rubbing the sleep out of my eyes and stretching my arms up above my head. Looking to the Gryffindor prefect that had woken me up, I furrowed my eyebrows when Hugo gestured for me to follow him out of the carriage. "What is it?" I asked, voice croaking from not being used for a while. I cleared my throat, watching as he gestured me out as my friends woke up. "I need to talk to you," he explained, hurrying me out and I frowned as I rose to my feet. "Why can't you just say it in here?" I complained but followed him out of the carriage. I expected him to start speaking the moment we left the carriage but he didn't. Instead he took my hand and silently led me towards the front of the train and ushered me into an empty carriage. I looked around the carriage, wondering why it was empty when so many students struggled to find a carriage. "It's for the prefects," Hugo explained, shutting the carriage door behind him, "this is where we have some meetings." "Ah, ok." Settling down on one of the seats, I eyed him expectantly as I waited for him to say something. But he didn't. He looked away from me. "Well? What exactly was it that you needed to talk to me about then?" And still he said nothing. He began to pace up and down the length of the carriage, my eyes following his progress through the small space. Hugo appeared to be muttering something under his breath as though he was trying to psyching himself up for something and I sighed. If he was going to do all of this then why did he wake me up? "Hugo?" I called out gently when he came to a stop in front of me. He stared down at me, face turning red as he swallowed thickly. Growing concerned, I held on his arm but he pulled away from me. "What's going on?" "I like you," he rushed out, "and not as a friend. As – as something else." Well. That I wasn't expected. Of course, I knew how he felt – the signs were all there but I wasn't expecting him to just blurt it out. Rowena this was sudden. I thought that he'd at least wait until after the holidays so I could sort out my thoughts and figure out how I felt about him. But maybe I was overthinking things? What was there to think about anyway? "I like you," he repeated quietly when I said nothing. It was my turn to swallow thickly as I raised my eyes to his, "Ok." "Ok?" he questioned incredulously, eyes widening, "What exactly does ok mean? Does it mean 'ok, thanks for telling me'? Or 'ok, I like you too'? I'm going to need something a bit more specific then that Stewart." "Ok," I said quietly, staring up at him. "Ok, just means ok." My words left him reeling, not knowing what to do. And maybe that was my fault for being so ambiguous on purpose but I was having fun dragging this out a little longer. I giggled quietly, rising to my feet. He watched me hesitantly as I now stood before him. "I have one favour left," I reminded him softly. "Are you going to use it to ask me to stay away from you?" he questioned apprehensively. He tried not to act too relieved when I shook my head. "What do you want then?" "Stand still and close your eyes." He eyed me suspiciously but I only stared patiently back at him. Eventually he sighed and closed his eyes. I waited a few seconds to see if he was going to open them again but he didn't. Stepping closer to him, I heard him intake a shallow breath when the front of my shoes pressed up against his own. I pressed a quick kiss to his lips, one that would have easily been missed in the blink of an eye. He took another quick intake of air, letting it out as a long breath when I stepped away from him. "Can I open my eyes now?" I hesitated before saying, "Yes." He opened them, smiling down at me, "And I can move now too?" I nodded. "Perfect." Hugo stepped towards me then, closing the distance between us and pressing another kiss to my lips. Taking my face in his hands he tilted it up towards his and held me close to him, only pulling away when the train whistle blew. "We should leave," I reminded him, pulling regretfully away from him. "We should," he agreed, neither of us quite willing to leave this private bubble we had in the prefect's carriage.