kitchen to help myself to a glass of water. "What are you doing here?" I asked leaning against the counter to watch him at the stove. "I'm cooking you breakfast," he answered as though nothing had happened yesterday. "That's not what I'm talking about and you know it." With a sigh, he plated the eggs he had been making and handed me a plate. I took it from him and headed towards the table. He still hadn't answered me. Waiting for him at the table, I took the mug of tea he handed me. "You're supposed to have less caffeine," he explained, sitting down in the seat across from me, "during, during a pregnancy." "Right." I cleared my throat and set the mug down. "But again, Adrian, what are you doing here?" "I figured that we needed to talk." Pulling a folded piece of paper out from his pocket, he slid it across the table towards me. Taking it curiously, I opened it up and raised an eyebrow. "It's blank," I said, looking at him from over the top of the sheet of paper. "You need to sign it," he explained, "And then I can tell you everything." "And what is it supposed to be exactly?" "It's a partner registration form." He picked at his eggs, not looking at me. "That sounds an awful lot like marriage." "It's similar," he said slowly, "Similar, but not the same." "I'm going to pretend that I understood what that meant. But that doesn't change the fact that it's still a blank piece of paper Adrian." He sighed and raised his eyes to mine, "Just humour me." "Fine, do you have a pen?" He passed me a pen and I signed my name at the bottom of the paper, only for it to fall out of my hand moments later. Ink slowly appeared on the paper only to form words that weren't there moments ago. What the hell – I raised my eyes to look at Adrian who was busy watching me apprehensively. Looking back down at the piece of paper I read the first sentence and only made it that far before turning back to Adrian. "The Ministry of Magic?" I asked quietly, "If this is some elaborate plan to get out of telling me the truth –" "It is the truth," he assured me. Standing up from his seat, he walked around the table to come to a stop beside me and put a hand on my shoulder. "I know it's going to be hard to believe, but just read it, please." So I did. I read through the letter that outlined to me the existence of the wizarding world and that fact that my boyfriend was a wizard. Legally, he had not been allowed to tell me of the existence of magic and faced the risk of having his wand taken away if I told any other 'muggle' person about magic. And if I did tell anyone about magic, then I would be made to forget about Adrian all together. Once I had read the document through, I put it on the table and let out a heavy sigh. That was a lot to take in. "Are you alright?" Adrian asked and I turned to look at him. After reading it all through and finding out the truth, I had expected to see him differently and to find him somehow different. But he was still the same person, we were still the same. He was still my Adrian. Letting out a somewhat relieved breath, I wrapped my arms around his middle and hugged him close. Ignoring the discomfort of the armrest digging into my skin, I held him close to me. "I'm not sure," I admitted, "Part of me believes that it's true but another part of me has so many more questions that need an answer." "Well I'll try and answer them for you." He smoothed a hand over my hair. "Whatever question you have I'll try and answer them." Pulling away from him, I straightened up and gestured for him to sit down. "This partner registration thing, what does it actually mean for us? Because it sounds like you've risked a lot by registering me." "I have risked a lot," he acknowledged, "But it would have been the same if we had gotten married." "And the sport you play, does it involved flying?" He nodded, eyebrows rising in surprise. "It does, how did you know?" "I heard your coach mention it," I admitted, "And those nights where I'd find you randomly in my living room?" "I was placing wards," he explained. "They're protection charms, of sorts." I nodded before becoming more cautious about my next question. "Adrian, your family –" "They have no idea I'm dating, let alone that I'm dating a muggle – a non-wizard." He rubbed a hand across his face, suddenly seeming tired. "There are some pure-blooded wizards who believe that muggles are beneath them and that even associating with muggles or muggleborns is a heinous crime. My parents – well they share that mentality." Although I couldn't understand some of what he had said, I understood that his parents had their own prejudices. Prejudices that would discriminate against me. "Oh right." I looked away from him. "And you don't share the same views?" He was out of his seat in an instant. Kneeling beside my chair, he took my face in his hands and made me look at him. "How can you even think, for one second, that I would share those views?" He pressed his forehead against mine. "Merlin woman, I am mad for you – completely. How could I be in love with you and share those views?" "I'm sorry, I just –" "It's alright love," he assured me with a peck to my lips. "I understand that it's a lot to take in. Do you have any more questions?" "Just one." He laughed affectionately, "What is it?" "Can I see you wand?"