"But what are you doing here?" "There's somewhere that I need to take you," he explained, putting the car into gear. "Where is it?" I couldn't help but be curious, and the curiosity only grew more when Neville didn't answer my question. His only response was to raise my hand to my lips before he drove off. "Or can't you tell me?" "It's not that," he denied, "I can tell you but I guess it'll be self-explanatory once we get there." "If you say so." Eyeing him suspiciously, I turned my eyes back to the road. We made the familiar journey to my apartment and I couldn't help but be a little disappointed. Was this the place where he needed to take me? Seeing the disappointment on my face, Neville smiled reassuringly before exiting the car and motioning for me to do the same. "I picked you up because I knew you'd head to bed before I would arrive at your apartment and well – I wasn't going to apparate with you on a campus full of muggles." "Apparate?" I repeated curiously as we headed inside the building and up to my apartment to dump my belongings. "So, the place where we're going is in the magical world?" He nodded in agreement, "It's a place called St Mungo's." "St Mungo's?" Returning to his side, I waited for him to do whatever this apparition entitled. "It's a hospital." "A hospital?" My eyes looked over him from head to toe, "Are you hurt? Did something happen during –" "It's fine," he reassured me as he wrapped an arm around my waist, "I want to introduce you to someone and well, you'll see when we get there. Now, hold on tight." I allowed Neville to apparate me away, the tugging in the pit of my stomach was an uncomfortable feeling and I came to conclusion that if I never apparated again then it would be too soon. Sticking close to Neville's side, I let him lead me towards a slightly run down department store wondering where exactly this hospital was supposed to be. But I said nothing, even when Neville prompted me to step through a bloody window. Upon arriving to the other side, my eyes widened slightly as I looked around what was clearly the hospital Neville was talking about. He took my hand, smiling reassuringly down at me before leading me to the fourth floor. According to the sign on the wall, this floor was for Spell Damage. Neville didn't wait around for long, he led me through the floor and towards something called the Janus Thickey Ward. Stopping beside the desk in front of the ward, Neville spoke briefly to the witch behind the desk who rose to her feet and started to do something to the door. "The door's usually locked," Neville explained before I could ask anything. "This ward – it's a long-term residence ward." "Long-term?" I glanced curiously up at Neville who took in a deep breath, gathering himself before giving me a reassuring smile. He squeezed my hand and I wasn't sure whether the action was meant to give me strength or an attempt to gain strength from my presence. Regardless, I squeezed his hand in return and that was it before Neville led me into the ward and we approached two of the beds. My eyes first looked over the greying man who was busy staring vacantly at the wall in front of him before turning to the woman whose hair had gone completely grey – whilst she herself looked too young for such a thing to happen. Her resemblance to Neville was striking. I looked up at Neville, trying to confirm my suspicions when he stepped towards the older couple. "Mum, dad, I'm back." He settled down into the chair between the two beds and gestured for me to sit down beside him. The older couple showed no signs of recognising Neville but turned to listen to him as he spoke of what he had been up to since he had last visited then – only a week ago. Taking Neville's hand, I listened to him speak, leaning my head onto his shoulder as I reflected back to what I knew of his parents. Neville had been honest, he had told me about his parent's careers and how he had originally wished to follow in their footsteps by becoming an auror. He had told me how they had been tortured to the point of losing their minds by four death eaters on the very night that Voldemort had stolen Harry Potter's parents from him. His voice gradually trailed off and my voice took its place as I spoke to Neville's parents about what a brave man their son was and always had been. By the time visiting hours came to an end, we rose to our feet and prepared to leave. Mrs Longbottom reached out to take Neville's hand and Neville, as if he knew what she wanted, held out his palm for her. She dropped something into his palm and whatever it was, it made his head snap up to stare into his mother's eyes. Mrs Longbottom met her son's eyes with a smile, blinking away a few tears and before I could say anything, Neville had pressed a kiss to my temple and ushered me out of the ward. "Are you alright?" I asked cautiously as we headed towards the lifts. "I'm fine," he assured me, looking down at whatever his mother had handed him. He held it open to my gaze, showing me his mother's engagement ring. "Actually, I think I'm perfect." "Well," I said, my throat feeling as if it was clogged by unshed tears, "There's no flowers or birds, but this is better." He slipped the ring onto my finger, pressing a kiss to my hand after he did so. "Really?" I beamed up at him, rising to my toes to press a gentle kiss to his lips. "Really."