my spine. He was also the only man I'd known who was able to make me question the preconceptions I had. Apparently, the solution to my internal worries was to attend the final quidditch match of the year; Gryffindor vs Slytherin. It was the first one I had attended since the beginning of the year and simply sitting in the stands brought back the memories of the games I had been forced to attend. Contrary to how I acted, I actually liked quidditch – it was probably genetically impossible for me not to – but I hated the way the game made the players act. Realising that my mind was going back to those negative thoughts, I looked back out to the pitch as the game started. My eyes followed Oliver as he flew up to the goal post, eyes flickering briefly in the direction of the Hufflepuff stands. For one brief moment, I had the ridiculous thought that he'd been looking for me. I dismissed the thought and instead watched him fly in a way that was so completely natural. He was almost as good as my brother when it came to playing the game as thought it was as natural as breathing. The game progressed smoothly and I watched him take two bludgers to the stomach, but yet he didn't shake his resolve. Oliver kept his guard of the goal posts and I breathed out a deep breath, thanking every magical being that I could think of, for him not falling off of his broom. "Merlin, that was a nasty hit," Lorelai murmured from beside me, "If he's injured then they should switch out the keeper." "That's against the rules," I said back instantly; dad had drilled the rules into my head as a child whilst we had been 'playing' quidditch, "Substitution of players isn't allowed during a game. And even if it was, Wood wouldn't allow it – it's his dream to win the quidditch cup." My eyes flew to Potter as he gained on the snitch before looking over to the scoreboard. Gryffindor were 60 points ahead, if he caught it now then they won. Potter inched closer to the golden snitch. His hand reached out – "They've won," I said confidently, straightening up in my seat. "How do you know?" "They're 60 points ahead – catching the snitch is another 150. They only 210 to win the cup." The whistle was blown and an almighty cheer went through the Gryffindor stand. I was right; they'd won. Even if I had tried to smother the smile on my face, I wouldn't have been able to. But I didn't try to. Instead I watched the way Oliver ecstatically accepted the cup and lifted it aloft, achieving his dream. "Let's go," I said as the crowd started to thin. Lorelai frowned at me, "You don't want to congratulate him?" "Not now," I said dismissively, "I need to drop by the hospital wing." She frowned further but didn't say anything, even when I offered no form of explanation. If the Gryffindor team had any sense, then they'd take Wood to the hospital wing to get him checked out. My assumption had proved correct as I had walked into the hospital wing to be greeted with the sight of Wood trying to put his quidditch jumper back on. He was sitting on one of the hospital beds, bandages wrapped around his lower ribs all the way to his stomach, one hand in the jumper when he realised I was standing there. Freezing partway through the action, he cleared his throat before hurrying to put it on the rest of the way. Overcome with awkwardness, I looked around the room. "Congratulations," I finally said when I gained enough courage to look him in the eye. "You achieved your dream of winning the quidditch cup." "You remembered," the surprise in his voice made me flush red. And I nodded because what else could I have done? Changing the subject, I made a vague gesture towards him, "So, did the bludger do a lot of damage?" "Not much," he assured me, looking at me as though he couldn't quite understand what I was doing here. "Pomfrey said I'd broken rib or two but gave me a potion to regrow them. I have no idea what the bandages are for though." "Right." I cleared my throat, "Well, I should get going." "Vosper," he called out before I could take a single step away from his bedside. He patted the edge of the bed. "Didn't you come here for something else?" Taking a breath to strengthen myself, I approached his bed and perched on the edge. "I'm not quite sure how to explain this, or in what way to say it but I'll try to say it in terms that we'll both understand." "Go ahead, lass," he encouraged quietly as I lowered my eyes to the duvet beneath us. Did he realise quite how eager he sounded? "I'm all ears." "In this metaphorical game of quidditch that we're playing," I cleared my throat, "you're the keeper, right? And I'm the chaser? Or am I the quaffle? I'm not sure which but I'm not sure if it matters to be honest?" "You're rambling," he said gently. "Right," I let out a breath, "And if the chaser tried to take a shot towards the goal hoops would they score a goal or –" "Of course not," he said back instantly, "I'm a keeper lass." Taking a hold of my chin, he made me look up at him. I raised my eyes cautiously to him, "No quaffles get past me – it's my job to catch the quaffles, I can't have them slipping through my fingers." "Oliver –" "This metaphor's becoming far too complex," he muttered, leaning in closer to me and I found that I had no wish to move away from him. "But I think I understand what you mean." He sealed his lips over mine.