understand me, vampire. Your mind control will do nothing. I will not, refuse, to return to Britain without a damn good reason to." The Professor didn't reply. At least not verbally. It slammed int him with the subtly of a fire truck with it's sirens on. It crashed into his walls banging, ripping, gouging holes into it as it savagely tried to get to his mind core. Gritting his teeth a keen escaped as he arched has back off the wall. As fire and needles flew around in his brain Cayden frantically felt around for something to use, something to help, only to literally knock into a memory. He flicked through it only to flinch back mentally. While this one would work, he did not want to share this with the prejudiced Ancient. Though the pain involved in this memory was soul crushing agony.. it was his soul crushing agony. Something private. But as another rip appeared on his wall he made his decision. Professor James Belgae knew he would get his way. There was no way this human ant could repel him. His confidence in this fact was held true as he started making rips and dents in the wall surrounding the humans brain. Going for the last gouge that would let him invade and control the human's mind when everything seemed to slow down as agony the likes he hadn't felt in decades felt enveloped his mind causing him flinch away. It was all the boy needed. Suddenly he was on the floor staring at the painting of a moon on the ceiling. Belgae had felt pain, knew torture, knew agony like an old friend. But this...this he'd never not to this extent. This was soul agony, not physical. This was pain not found in teenage boys only just leaning to shave. He was ancient. He was AN Ancient. There was very little he hadn't experienced. So for this babe of a human to have felt agony like this...It confused him greatly, when he didn't know the source of the agony. Sitting up he eyed the human sagged against the wall. "What was that, human?" Cayden wiped his seat laden brow before snapping back, officially done with the professor's bull. "None of your business is what. Leave." He waited a few seconds. "Please." It was obvious that he only said it out of politeness sake, and for politeness sake only. Professor James resisted the urge to snarl. Sighing he decided to take a different approach because attacking and threatening obviously wasn't going to work if he could prevent a mind attack like that. "It was discovered a few days ago that the Dark Lord egomaniac over there has kidnapped several creature children to sell to his followers." He hesitated before continuing. "One of them was the child of my Childe." Cayden said nothing but knew that this was important to the man. A Childe was a person you had bitten to turn, which caused a soul connection. So they were like family. Cayden really did not want to go. He dreaded the very idea. Not just because of Voldemort. Dumbledore and his twisted spell were another good reason to stay exactly where he he had a feeling that this wasn't all the vampire ancient had to say. And it was the only reason he was going to listen, despite that he'd rather be tortured and killed than return to Britain. "So why do you need me?" The Professor rolled his shoulders. Need sounded so...weak, and it grated harshly against his pride. "I asked Albus Dumbledore for information. However, he will only give it to me if I find and bring Harry Potter back for some questions." Cayden sagged even further into the wall. That explained everything and made Cayden want to just ignore this but...he imagined the children and felt his heart clench tightly. Well. Sh$#. Scrubbing his face Cayden struggled to stand on his own two feet, determined to think this through or at least try to. Dumbledore requested him from someone who should by rights not know who the fuck he was, which told him two things. One, either Dumbledore knew where he was, which was unlikely because if Dumbledore knew where he was he'd have made his presence known ages ago. Two, Professor James was well known enough that his connections were known, so if Cayden came up with a cover it had to be convincing enough to be in a place that could be found by a man of Professor James reputation. It was a start, and grimly he noticed that he'd already decided to help the Professor and cursed his weakness for children. Sighing in defeat turned and pored a cup of the brown ambrosia, going over a list of what he was going to need. "I'll help you on a few conditions. " The professor's eyes were shuttered and his face was set into a displeased scowl, but he nodded. That alone told Cayden how much he loved his grandchilde. "I am risking my life, and so I am gonna lead this meeting with Dumbledore. Just follow my lead and we should both be able to leave unscathed." The Professor nodded slowly still scowling his face like marble. "If I tell you to leave, I mean leave right then, or its likely we won't live through the visit." Seeing the look in the vampire's face he corrected himself. "I won't live, but do not under estimate their capture spells." Again the man nodded. "Last, but not least, do not accept tea or lemon drops. It may seem rude, but he laces them with all sorts of drugs that would take even your blood runes ages to filter." "Is that all your requests?" Cayden nodded and the mans face finally let off the scowl. "Okay then. I'll pick you up in 10 to head that way." Cayden cursed and dashed for his room. He needed supplies, and 10 minutes would be stretching it.