my mind was muddled with confusion. Part of me wanted to run to the department she worked in and meet her but another part of me knew that it wouldn't work. I'd have to wait however long I was destined to wait until I could meet her. It seemed like my life relied on destiny a lot, but I wasn't willing to risk this. I wasn't willing to risk losing her or the future I'd seen with her. Merlin this was insane. I hadn't seen her in almost two years and yet, through that long dream alone I'd fallen head over heels for her and there was no way of turning it around. Not that I wanted to. Sitting up, I rubbed the last of the sleep out of my eyes. It had been a long time since I'd had such a restful sleep. Part of me hadn't wanted to wake up from that dream. But it had lasted longer than I thought it would and as I glanced at the clock I practically jumped out of bed. The dream had lasted too long and now I was running late for work. I hurried to get ready and was apparating out of my home in record time. Finding myself outside of the ministry building I rushed inside. I'd make it to work on time as long as I wasn't delayed any more. Anxiously my eyes looked around the room, searching out a clock. But surely, being late just once wouldn't be that big of a deal. That voice in my head, my conscience, which sounded remarkably like Hermione started to scold me instantly for the way my thoughts were going. My attention, not on my surroundings, was brought back into focus when I bumped into someone. The woman I had bumped into gasped slightly as the impact of our collision had all her papers spilling out of my hands. Inexplicably my heart started to race inside my chest as I kneeled beside her, helping her pick up the papers. Was this really it? I had been fully prepared to walk into work every day for the next however many years to see if I was to bump into her on that particular morning. "I'm so sorry," she apologised, her voice sending that familiar warmth to my chest and I found myself grinning like a fool at just the sound of it. "Don't be sorry," especially not when this is the thing I've been looking forward to from the moment I woke up. I rose to my feet, silently willing her to raise her eyes to my face so she could hurry up and recognise me already. Outstretching the stack of papers towards her, I added, "It's completely my fault – I should have been watching where I was going." But Merlin was I glad I hadn't. "Well, I guess that makes two of us." She looked up at me finally, reaching out to take the papers. My heart pounded, as a sick sense of dread filled me. What if this wasn't going to end up like it had in my dream? What if I had done something wrong? "Harry! How have you been?" "I've been good," I muttered, more than a little embarrassed my how desperately I was clinging to this dream business. My thoughts were completely out of control as I struggled to stop myself from asking her out right there on the spot. Half of me wanted to ask her out because damn it, we were meant to be and we were in love. But the other more rational half of me, reminded me that I was the one that had seen our future, she hadn't. She had no means of knowing what was to come. Clearing my throat, I asked, "You're working in the ministry now?" "I was interviewed for a job after I left Hogwarts," she explained as she adjusted her hold on the papers in her arms, "I'm in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." I grinned, realising how easy it would be to sneak in to see her whenever I had a break. "Me too." "I think the entire wizarding world knows that." She laughed slightly, tucking some hair behind her ears. Like in the dream, she had grown her hair out since out time in Hogwarts and she'd continue to do so and it suited her. I wanted to tell her but stopped myself. "You are a rising name in the auror field." "I'm really not," I protested, ears burning slightly as her words brought me out of my appraisal of the way she had changed since our time at school. "Oh shoot," she frowned, glancing down at her watch, "I've got a meeting I need to be at. But we "should definitely meet up soon?" Smiling apologetically at me she went to hurry past me and before I realised what I was doing I reached out to catch her arm. She glanced curiously down at my arm and I pulled it back, my ears burning crimson when her eyebrow quirked teasingly. "Let's go out sometime." The words were out of my lips before I could stop them and I wanted to curse myself the moment I heard myself say then. Merlin's beard she probably thought I was some freak now – who asks someone out the moment they meet them again after years ? I hurried to fix myself, "We should catch up – I feel like I haven't spoken to you in forever." "I've got lunch free today," she offered cautiously, "If you want to –" "I do," I said perhaps a little too quickly. "And Harry," her teasingly smile was back, "This isn't a date – I think we need to talk a bit more before I let you take me out on a date." "Of course." My sincere agreement wiped the teasing from her smile. She looked over me seriously before she grinned and headed off to her meeting.