quill and pretending that I was carrying on with my essay. They didn't take the hint. Instead of leaving, they sat down in the seat beside me. A hand took the quill from my hands, forcing me to look up again. Setting the quill down in front of him, Remus crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back in his chair. "Maybe I should ask you the same question?" He raised an eyebrow. "I thought I was going to Hogsmeade with you but instead your friend appeared." "But I'd never said that I was talking about me," my voice trailed off, realisation dawning on me, "You wanted to go to Hogsmeade with me." Remus coloured slightly, but nodded anyway, "And I thought that you wanted to go with me." "I did," I blurted out before I could stop myself, "I do." "Then what happened?" He sighed and shook his head, "Explain to me because I'm so confused." "She likes you," I said quietly, looking down into my hands. "Amaris likes you and she asked me to set the two of you up –" "And you couldn't tell her that you like me too?" "I thought you'd prefer her." He was silent following my words, "Isn't she the type that guys prefer? She's much more beautiful than I am-" He took my face in his hands, silencing me. "Maybe that's true for most guys, but I'm not most guys." He dipped his head down, watching me as he drew closer. My eyes shut without my consent and he closed the distance between us pressing his lips against mine. Before the kiss could progress, before I could return it, I drew back at the sound of a sharp gasp. My eyes drifted over his shoulder and to the girl standing behind him. "Amaris –" She turned and left the library. Packing my things quickly, I chased after her and left Remus sitting where he was. I followed her towards the common room, trying to get her to listen to me but she wouldn't. Storming through the common room, she headed up to our dorm and made a beeline for her bed. "Amaris, please," I said quietly, trying to get her to meet my eyes. "You have to let me explain." She drew the curtains closed around her bed and I sighed, dropping down onto my own. How had I screwed up so monumentally? "What's the matter?" a voice asked from the doorway and I raised my eyes to Pari's. She looked between me and the closed curtains of Amaris' bed. "I messed up." I avoided Remus for the rest of the term by switching rounds with other prefects and switching seats in potions with Potter. Whilst I was avoiding Remus, I was also being avoided by Amaris. Merlin, I had no idea what to do. Just like that, the term came to an end and with it Christmas holiday came and went. I found myself back in the Hufflepuff common room before I knew it. I was supposed to be getting ready for my patrol but I couldn't bring myself to do it. Remus was bound to be waiting with a million questions that I wasn't sure I could answer for him. Earlier today, I had attempted to swap shifts with Potter, only to be told by Potter that he wasn't going to let me swap shifts anymore because I needed to sort things out with Remus. I was tempted to go to Lily, but something told me that she would have said the same thing. Forcing myself to my feet, I went to leave my dorm when the door swung open to reveal Pari and Amaris on the other side. I stepped out of the way to let them both into the room. "Where are you going?" Amaris asked, shutting the door behind her. I felt my eyebrows rise in shock – that was the first thing she'd said to me since she'd seen us in the library. "I'm scheduled to go on patrol soon." "With Remus?" I nodded, looking away from her. She sighed and threw herself at me. I stumbled from the impact of her hug. "Amaris?" "You bloody idiot," she muttered against my shoulder, "Why didn't you tell me that you liked him? What would you have done if Pari hadn't explained everything to me?" My eyes widened as I met Pari's eyes from over Amari's shoulder. I thanked her silently and she rolled her eyes – she was the typical mum friend, always sorting our messes out. "I'm sorry," I mumbled, returning her hug. "What are you sorry for?" She pulled away to give me a look, "There's no need for you to be sorry. Merlin, I should have noticed it sooner." She righted herself and straightened out my uniform. "Now, hurry up or you'll be late – go and get your man!" The change in my mood was obvious from the way I walked but as I drew closer to the great hall, the happiness I felt at everything with Amaris being sorted out, drained away. Nervousness took its place as I wondered what I was going to tell Remus. He was waiting for me beside the doors of the great hall, once again. "Remus," I called out once I was close enough. The sound of my voice made him straighten up. "I didn't think you'd come." "I'm sorry," I floundered for words, "I know I should have said something to you and I shouldn't have gone out of my way to avoid you but –" "Just don't do it again," he interrupted me. He gave me a firm look, closing the distance between us. "Don't shut me out again and I'll forgive you." Raising my eyes to meet his, I asked, "Promise?" He smiled gently, "I promise." Clearing his throat, he held his hand out, "Now, let's start out rounds." Slipping my hand into his, I went readily to his side. "Lead the way."