silence, following me inside when I unlocked the door. "Why?" I furrowed my eyebrows, "I don't understand – you've got a day off tomorrow so why come around here. What's it going to take for you to stop spending all of your time here?" "Well that's a rather straightforward question," he murmured, closing the distance between us. I suddenly lost the ability to speak when he stopped right in front of me, the front of our shoes brushing against each other. Leaning down to bring his face in level with mine, he tilted his head curiously, "I wonder whether you really want to know." "Of course I do," I murmured quietly, having finally found my voice. "But will you grant me it?" he continued just as quietly as before, raising an eyebrow when I nodded straight away. "Promise?" "I promise, now what is it?" "A date." He grinned suddenly when I went to protest, "You promised Robinson. I'll pick you up on Friday at 7, be ready." "Wait –" He pressed a quick kiss to my cheek, silencing me before straightening up. Without another word, Fred made his way towards the door, humming a tune under his breath as he went. Turning the closed sign back to open, Fred left the bakery with a smile and left me staring at the door he had just walked out of. This was not a date and if he thought that this was a date then he was seriously confused. Who the hell brought their date to their mother's house? And I hadn't even consented to this! He had shown up at the bakery, right on time, and had apparated me away before I could even begin to protest. It was rather annoying. I hadn't recognised the house we had apparated outside of, because why should I have? It wasn't as if I had ever visited the Burrow before. Only when an all too familiar woman opened the door, did I realise where I was and I was ushered into the house before I could say another word. And if that wasn't bad enough, it seemed that the entire family had decided to visit their parents at once. Or, as I was later informed by George, this was the weekly meal that the Weasley family made sure to keep to and I had been brought along as Fred's date. "Merlin Fred," I exclaimed quietly, pulling him into a corner of the room to get some privacy – which appeared to be an impossible task. "Who the hell brings a girl to meet their parents on their first date?" "Because you've referred to this as our first date and not our only date, I take it that there'll be more?" He chuckled at the sight of my glare and looped an arm over my shoulder, shaking me slightly. "Besides, you'd have had to meet them anyway, love. There's no way I'm letting you run away again." "Fred –" "This way I'll know whether you're strong enough to eventually become a Weasley." He said the words so casually that they actually stumped me. "Surely you're joking. Right?" "I don't see what the big deal is." He shrugged and I struggled not to thump him when I realised that he hadn't answered my question. "You've met most of my family before and they like you. I thought you liked them too." "I do," I said with a sigh, glancing away from him when I realised that we had rapidly become the centre of attention. Merlin, why were they all so nosy? "But –" "You're nervous," he correctly guessed, squeezing my shoulder. "Well, there's no reason for you to be nervous." "That's easy for you to say," I muttered under my breath, shooting him a look when he had the nerve to start chuckling. "You're not the one meeting the entire family and, in case you didn't notice, you happen to have a rather large family." "I'd have to be blind to not notice that." I said nothing else. Instead, my eyes focused onto the woman who had made her way out of the kitchen and had scanned the room. Once her eyes had locked onto my figure, Mrs Weasley gestured for me to follow after her and I felt my heart drop into my stomach. And I thought I was nervous before – Throwing Fred one last look, I frowned when he had the cheek to throw me a thumbs up as I followed after his mother. Walking across the room, avoiding each of the Weasley family members' eyes as I did so, I headed into the kitchen and waited for Mrs Weasley to say something. She was standing in the open doorway and from my position I could see Fred who wriggled his eyebrows at me. "How long have you been dating Fred, my dear?" she asked, straight to the point. "Excuse me?" I looked around the kitchen, unable to meet the older woman's eyes. "Not long – not long at all." She nodded as if she had expected that and made her way over to me. Taking both of my hands in hers, she met my eyes with a gentle smile. "He told me you saved his life – during the Battle, is that true?" "It was a simple spell," I protested quietly, wondering why the older woman's eyes were filling with tears; had I said something wrong? She embraced me quickly, making my eyes widen. I returned her embrace when she began to sob loudly into my shoulder. Patting her back gently, I gave Fred a look, silently telling him to come and sort out his mother. He did no such thing, instead he chuckled and ignored George who had come up to talk to him. "Thank you," Mrs Weasley said sincerely, sniffling slightly. Pulling back from me, she held my shoulders and said with a smile, "Welcome to the family." I stared back at her silently; what had I gotten myself into?