we had shared at the end of the yule ball, she had taken to avoiding me. I didn't think I was that bad of a kisser. But, nevertheless, she avoided me and it put me in a foul mood. My foul mood lasted throughout the remaining weeks of the school term and it was obvious that it was grating on Justin's nerves and Cedric, well, he was willing to go on an offensive on my behalf. It had taken a lot to calm him down; apparently, he had not anticipated this particular outcome. I resigned myself to the fact that I had pushed Hewitt away and that she clearly didn't return my feelings. Over the Christmas holiday I'd have to come to terms with it and bury my feelings deep inside. It wouldn't be that difficult to do, right? And it wasn't like I could ask her what was wrong because whenever I tried to speak about it, Hewitt ran straight into the girl's dorm and they remained off limits to me. Merlin, even if I tried to talk to Hannah, I couldn't do that because she had taken Hewitt's side – I hadn't even realised that there were sides to take. But apparently, because Hewitt was a girl, she liked to make things complicated and suddenly we were on opposing sides. Anyway, shouldn't Hannah have been on my side in the first place? After all, she had been part of the plan in the first place. It seemed that I'd have to settle for not knowing what went wrong and wait for this all to pass. Once the Hogwarts Express returned to the station, I'd go home and bury myself in a mountain of chocolate cake and treacle tarts. Someone shoved my arm, making me straighten up in my seat. Looking over at Justin, I raised an eyebrow and watched him as he gestured to the doorway of the train carriage. Hewitt stood nervously in the open doorway. My eyebrows rose in surprise but I said nothing. Instead, I watched as she shuffled nervously on her feet. What did she want? Justin, looking between the two of us, sighed and rose to his feet. Ushering the rest of the boys out of the carriage, he gestured for me to remain seated. "We'll give you some privacy," he offered, signalling with an arm for Hewitt to step inside the carriage. Once he was outside of the carriage, Justin shut the door behind him and through the glass of the door, he silently told me to sort the situation out. The only problem was that I had no idea how to do that. Looking back to Hewitt, I watched as she took a seat across from me. I waited for her to say something but she didn't. Instead she stared down at her shoes, her hair shielding her face from my eyes and I was overwhelmed with the urge to brush her hair away from her face. I sat on my hands, just in case. Clearing my throat, I decided to break the painful silence, "Do you have any plans for the holiday?" "Huh?" She was clearly shocked, looking up at me with wide eyes. She blinked, composing herself and she nodded, biting down on her bottom lip nervously. Merlin. I forced my eyes to return to hers. "Yeah, Christmas is family time after all." Her eyes looked around the carriage, "What about you?" "Christmas is when the entire extended family gets together," I explained quietly. "Ah, right." I sighed and looked out of the window; the awkwardness was painful. We were silent again and I wanted to demand answers. I needed to know what I had done that made her avoid me and why she'd come in search of me in the first place. But I didn't. "Ernie," she called out quietly, as the silence grew even longer. I forced myself to hesitate before looking back at her. "I wanted to talk to you – I thought you deserved an explanation." "For why you've been avoiding me?" I raised an eyebrow when she nodded, "Well, you're damn right I do." She let out a deep breath, "You kissed me." "Did you not want me to?" I asked softly, only becoming more confused when she shook her head. "That's not it – you kissed me because there was mistletoe." "Yes, but I don't understand." "It's ok," she smiled bravely. I was so very confused. "You kissed me because there was mistletoe and, and not because you have feelings for me. I told Hannah she was wrong – I knew you didn't feel the same way." "Wait," I called out when she rose to her feet. She hesitated and sat back down again as I struggled to wrap my head around what she had just revealed. "That's not – that's not why." "What –" "It wasn't just because of the mistletoe. I used the mistletoe as an excuse to do something I'd wanted to do for a while." I forced myself to continue, even as I felt my ears grow hot. "I – I do have feelings for you. Merlin, ask any member of Hufflepuff house and they'll be able to tell you that. But I don't understand? You – You have feelings for me?" She nodded cautiously, "I do – I have done for a while." "Me too." There was another silence where I was trying my very best to wrap my head around what I had just found out. I felt like my heart was going to explode – "Will you go out with me?" "What?" I questioned, surprised – I was supposed to ask her. She blushed but repeated her question, "Will you go out with me? Maybe sometime over the holiday, we could go out or something?" I smiled, trying my very best not to beam and scare her off, "Sure, I'd like that." She returned the smile with one that was much less hesitant than mine, "Good."