way, managing to avoid the swing. But he didn't manage to miss the second one. He reached out for me, trying to pry the cushion out of my hand as I continued to hit him with it. "James Potter," I hissed, when he had the audacity to begin laughing at me. Merlin, I was beginning to laugh too, "You are the biggest pain in the ass." "I'll kiss it better," he offered. I gasped incredulously, struggling not to giggle as I pushed him away. "You have a filthy mind." "You understood what I meant," he retorted through his chuckles, falling to the sofa beneath him and pulling me down with him. His laughter faded slowly and I grew quiet under his eyes. "Listen carefully Ward, I'm dying to kiss you so I'm just going to do it. Is that ok?" I swallowed thickly, nodding slowly. He grinned, arms coming around my waist to cradle me against his chest. He didn't give me a chance to regret my decision. SIXTH YEAR James was a clingier boyfriend than I thought he would be and that was surprising. Godric, I had seen just how clingy he could be towards his friends so I sort of knew what to expect. But Merlin – the boy couldn't keep his hands to himself. If we happened to be together, one of his hands would casually reach out to run through my hair, to rest against the base of my neck, to hold my hand and so much more. I had thought that because we were back in Hogwarts, maybe the amount of physical contact he appeared to need would be reduced. Clearly, I hadn't been thinking straight. Throughout the welcoming feast alone, he had reached out to put his hand on top of my thigh at least a dozen times. I'd brought it up to him before – his need for physical contact – and he'd simply informed me that up until we had begun officially dating, it had taken a lot of restraint for him to stop himself from reaching out to me. The boys had left the table before we had and I had watched Sirius force James from his seat so they could get to the common room. I had rolled my eyes and turned back to my meal. I knew why he was hanging around; on the train to Hogwarts, Sirius had mentioned that girls talk to their friends about their boyfriends, and so chances were by the end of the week the girls would know every detail of our relationship. James wanted to hang around and make sure that I wasn't telling them something that they didn't need to know. And so, when we eventually left the Gryffindor table and made our way into the common room, we walked in to find the sixth-year boys lounging in front of the fireplace. James looked up at the sound of the portrait swinging open and gestured for me to walk towards him. I heard the girls begin to murmur behind me and decided against it; whatever James was planning to do they were only going to tease me about when we got to into our dorm. I went to walk past him. But of course, James being James, wasn't going to let that happen. He reached out to grab my hand, pulling me back towards him and bringing me down onto his lap. Before I could ask him what he was doing, he leaned in to kiss me soundly as if we weren't in the middle of the common room, as if our friends weren't surrounding us. I remained frozen against him, refusing to respond until there was a sudden round of wolf whistles. Merlin, I was going to kill Sirius. But, if we had the attention of the common room then there was no point in not doing this properly. I began to respond to James, reaching up to thread my fingers through his hair and hold him close to me. Growing breathless, I pulled back from him. "What on earth are you playing at Potter?" I asked, licking my lips. "Giving out a statement," he said with a lazy grin, reaching up to push my hair behind my ear. "Now no one else is going to try anything on you again." He was smirking up at me and I shook my head in disbelief. "You're such a child." "Maybe, but you love me anyway." "Keep telling yourself that," I muttered, hitting his shoulder as I hopped off from his lap. When I looked back out to the common room, most of the students pretended to get back to their own business. My friends, well, they didn't even bother to try. They simply marched over to me, pulled me away from James and forced me up the stairs to our dorm. "I could tell something was different between the two of you during the train ride," Lily said before the dorm door had been closed behind us, "But when did that happen?" "Over summer," I explained quietly, heading towards my bed. "Oh no you don't," Marlene said firmly, walking towards me, "the lead up to this has lasted for years, we're not going to let you dismiss this so quickly." "Don't you remember how the four of you interrogated me when I got together with Frank?" Alice threw herself down on my bed, giving me a pointed glance, "There's no way we're not letting this pass without hearing every detail." "Every embarrassing detail," Dorcas emphasised, sitting beside Alice. Crossing my arms over my chest, I looked at the four girls who were now sat on my bed, looking expectantly up at me. They waited and I immediately regretted doing the same to them when they began to date someone. If only I had minded my own business back then, they'd have left me alone now. "Fine," I sighed, "But it's a long story." "Perfect." They shared a grin, "We've got all night."