have to sit through more weeks of who knows what. But on the other, I didn't know how Albus would react to the news. "Are you alright?" Albus asked in blatant concern as we stepped into the common room. "You're being really quiet, are you sure you don't want to see the nurse." I shook my head, smiling reassuringly at him. "I'm fine Albus." "I can take you there myself." Of for the love of – "Albus," I said with a sigh as we came to a stop in the middle of the common room. "Go on," he encouraged. "I have this friend," I started cautiously, watching his expression flicker slightly. "And my friend has a crush on one of their friends. Now this friend, she comes from a big extended family and because she didn't want to endanger the relationship she had with her guy best friend, she asked her family members for advice. But her family members gave her bad advice – advice she didn't realise was bad – and her guy friend is growing kind of sick of it. Why can't she just act like she normally does?" "What?" He asked quietly, after a moment's silence. He went rigid, closing himself off from me. "Never mind," I said with a shake of my head. Taking my bag from him, I slung it over my shoulder. "Wait a minute –" "Goodnight Albus," I said quietly, leaving him standing in the common room and heading up to my dorm. Since our rather one sided conversation in the common room, Albus had reverted to normal. He was acting like himself but he seemed more distant in a way that was slightly unnerving. He wasn't distant in a way that was noticeable by others; he didn't sit in the furthest seat away from me, he didn't go out of his way to avoid sitting next to me in class and he didn't stop talking to me. He did none of that. He was distant in small ways, in ways that counted. When we sat together he went to extra lengths to not touch me and that stunned me because, just the feeling of his thigh pressed against mine was so comforting. There was no casual arm around my shoulder as he laughed at something I said, there was no random holding my hand and there were no warm smiles that said everything that his lips were yet to say. "Hey," Albus said, rising to his feet as we sat in the common room. I looked up at him, watching as he held out his hand for me to talk. Glancing behind him to meet Scorpius' eyes, I raised an eyebrow and all he did in response was gesture for me to take the extended hand. "Can we talk?" "Of course we can," I said softly, slipping my hand into his and rose to my feet. I let him lead me up the stairs to the boys' dorm and when we were in his dorm, I walked towards the bed that I knew was his. Perching on the edge of the bed, I waited for him to say something. Albus fidgeted in front of the now closed door and I sighed. I hated that things were this awkward between us now. "What did you want to talk about?" I asked eventually. "You knew," Albus said, not accusingly as he approached the bed, "You knew what I was doing and why I was doing it." "I did." I kept my eyes on his, waiting for him to progress. "Why didn't you say anything?" He sat down beside him, thigh brushing against mine. "Merlin, why didn't you say anything instead of letting me carry on like that? Not that you'll think of it this way, but what you did was cruel – to make me think that I stood a chance when –" "What are you talking about?" My incredulous tone carried across to him, making him trail off. Albus swallowed nervously but met my gaze head on. "If you knew what I was doing and you didn't return my feelings, you should have told me that. That way I'd have spared myself from stupidly raising my hopes up." "That's not it at all." My eyebrows rose when I realised that he really believed it to be true. "How could you think that Albus? Merlin's beard, you know me Albus, why would I do something so hurtful?" I rose to my feet, pacing back and forth in front of him. "How could you possibly have it so wrong? I was waiting, Al. I was waiting for you to stop pretending to be someone you're not and to start acting like yourself, so I could –" He took a hold of my wrist suddenly, stopping me mid-step. I looked at him curiously, finding him rising to his feet. "So you could what? "So I could say yes," I said quietly, looking up into his eyes. He showed no outward reaction to my words. But I knew Albus; his mind was probably running right now. Dropping my wrist, he took a small step back and asked hesitantly, "You would?" I nodded, reaching out to take his hand. "I would." He interlinked our fingers then, smiling shyly down at our hands. "I've wasted a lot of time by doing this, haven't I?" "You have." He groaned aloud suddenly, dropping my hand to take two fistfuls of his hair. I watched him cautiously, mouth parting when he tugged at his hair. "Albus." I put my hands on his arms, trying to get him to stop. "What the hell are you doing?" He dropped his arms and said despairingly, "I should have just listened to Teddy. He's the one that said to just ask you out without follow any of the other's advice. If I had just listened to him then we'd already be dating by now!" "There was a reason he was chosen to be head boy, Al."