out. Clearing my throat, I looked to the gargoyle and announced the password that had been written on the piece of parchment. "Lemon drops." The spiral staircase was revealed and I boarded it with a pounding heart. My nerves only became worse as I drew closer to the headmaster's office and I let out a deep breath to calm myself. Reaching Dumbledore's office, I stepped inside and saw the headmaster sitting at his desk, talking to the young man sat opposite him. Professor Dumbledore saw me standing in the doorway and gestured me in. The action caught the young man's attention and had him rising from his seat to look at me. Salazar, I stumbled back a step; he was really here. Before my mind could think of the consequences of his decisions; no Voldemort, no dark mark, no – He smiled at me, one that was brighter than any other he'd ever given me and I found that I could breathe again. Once again, he was simply Tom – the angel who had made my nights much more liveable. He had once scoffed after finding out that I thought of him as an angel and insisted that if I was to think of him as an angel then he would rather I thought of him as a disgraced one. But he wasn't disgraced anymore. He had found his redemption. The thought was enough to make my heart skip a beat and I found myself smiling back at him. Merlin, I was falling already. Professor Dumbledore let out an amused cough and I came back to my senses, and walked towards the two men. As Dumbledore began to speak, I found myself unable to concentrate on what he was saying. Instead my focus was on the way Tom leaned closer to me to whisper in my ear. "I'm a little unnerved by how well he received me, little witch," he admitted, "He's never been so fond of me." "Be quiet," I muttered back, watching as he grinned at my words, looking back to Dumbledore. "– and so, Miss Malfoy, I trust that you'll be willing to show Mr Riddle to his new dorm?" "Uh – yes sir." We left the office together, walking in an unusual silence. I cleared my throat, wringing my hands together. Tom chuckled, making me look up at him questioning. He gave a pointed look at the nervous gesture and I stopped what I was doing, hands returning to my side. "I keep expecting you to disappear," he admitted after a moment. "I think it'll take a long time for me to get used to not having to lose you." "Are you sure you won't regret it?" I asked uncertainly, biting my bottom lip. He reached out to take my hand in his, linking our fingers together as we walked. "Positive." "Then I'm glad." As we approached the common room, I wondered whether he was noticing the looks he was getting from the students who didn't recognise him. Did he even notice the double takes the girls were doing as we walked past them? "Dumbledore wants me to go to his office tomorrow," he said as we stepped into the common room. My eyes instantly went to the sofa where Draco was sat, talking to his friends. He looked healthier than he had in a long time. "Apparently there's something he needs to sort out still." Draco cast a casual glance around the common room and I saw his eyebrows shoot into his hairline when he saw me holding hands with Tom. He rose to his feet, intending to approach us. I let my eyes look over him properly, and Merlin, my eyes went straight to his arms which were bared and spotless. Turning to Tom, I found him watching me curiously. Unable to stop it, I fisted his tie in my hands and pulled him down towards me. I briefly recognised his surprise as I reached up to press a kiss to his lips. He looked even more startled when I pulled away and I didn't even bother to stop the giggles that erupted out of me. It was all over. He spluttered, flustered by the action. "The middle of the common room –" "Public displays of affection are more common here," I assured him. "Well," he slung an arm around my waist, pulling me into him, "I think I could get used to it here." "Oi," Draco said loudly, eyeing the distance between Tom and me with a raised eyebrow. He shot Tom a glare which took him by surprise, "Do you mind getting your hands off my sister?" Tom's eyebrows rose as he looked down at me, "Your brother? He looks just like Abraxas did?" "I know," I muttered dryly, pushing away from Tom and turning to Draco who was waiting for an explanation. "This is Tom Riddle – he's in your year and he transferred to Hogwarts." "It's a pleasure to meet you," Tom said with his most charming smile and I eyed him incredulously, recognising his attempt to impress Draco. He held out his hand to Draco who eyed it dirtily. "Whatever mate, it doesn't exactly explain why your hands are all over my sister." " Draco!" Draco threw me a look as if, by sticking up for Tom, I had betrayed him. He gestured for Tom to follow after him, "You must be the one who's bags appeared in the dorm. Come and I'll show you where the dorm is." As Tom went to follow my brother, I caught his hand and pleaded, "I know he's an idiot but please don't hex him." "Relax, little witch," he assured me, taking my hand to press a kiss to my fingertips, "I survived sharing dorm with Abraxas for years, I'm sure I'll be fine." Draco coughed obnoxiously from behind him and Tom released my hand, following after my brother. Merlin, Draco was going to get himself hexed and it was only inevitable.