the better of him, had been chewed out by Susan for trying to read the letter over my shoulder. But once we had decided on what to write in the letter – which was me basically telling Theo that I knew he was the one behind all of this – I had woken early the next morning. Changing quickly into my uniform and getting ready for the day, I made my way out of the common room in record time. It was still too early for most of the other students to be out and about, but I didn't care. Instead, I focused on making my way to the owlery. Once I had entered the room, my owl flew down from her perch when she recognised me. "This is a very important job," I said quietly, stroking my fingers over her head as I handed her the letter. "This is for Theodore Nott. Deliver this for me and I promise to visit you every day with a handful of snacks." She stared at me as if she understood what I had to say before taking off. I watched her fly out of the owlery with my nerves on edge – I'd delivered the letter in time. With any luck and impeccable timing, Theo should be in the great hall when the letter was delivered to him. Glancing down at the watch on my wrist, I realised that it was time for breakfast and hurried to the great hall, taking a seat between Susan and Hannah when I arrived. Taking a deep breath to slow my rapidly beating heart, I helped myself to a slice of toast. "Did you get there in time?" Susan asked as I took a bite of my toast. Nodding my head, I swallowed before saying, "Now all we have to do is wait." "Merlin's beard," she said suddenly as if she had just recalled something of great importance. Leaning in close to me, she lowered her voice and said, "But what if it's not him and you've just made a massive fool of yourself." "Susan," I whined quietly, giving her a look, "Don't say things like that – you're going to make me sick with worry. But I'm sure it's him." "I doubt you have anything to worry about anyway," she assured me as she turned back to her lunch. It was a bit late to be reassuring me, I thought giving her an annoyed look. I focused instead on looking to the windows in anticipation for the deliverance of the letters. My attention shifted from the window to my plate when Susan nudged me, gesturing to the dove perched on the edge of my plate and a very familiar looking potion which rested on the table top. It took pulling an all-nighter but I managed to get the potion to last for over an hour. Maybe we could meet tonight? The same place, at the same time? Looking up from the note, I glanced at the Slytherin table, looking for Theo just in time to see my owl drop the letter in front of him. He picked up the letter with curious fingers, and broke the seal on the back. His eyes roamed across the paper, taking in the words and I could feel my heartbeat begin to pick up as tension filled me. Now, I just needed to wait to see how he would react. Coming to the end of the letter, he folded it back up and placed it inside of the envelope again. I frowned, disappointed by his reaction. But then again, did I expect him to make some sort of scene in the great hall? I should have known he wasn't the sort of person to – He looked to the Hufflepuff table, eyes finding mine instantly. I couldn't look away from his eyes, I wouldn't. Theo smiled all of a sudden, the one action filling his face with warmth as he rose to his feet. Gesturing for me to follow after him, he headed out of the great hall. "Well what are you waiting for?" Susan, having followed the interaction asked, "Go after him." "Give me a second," I muttered, picking up the note and potion vial before making my way out of the great hall. Stepping out of the double doors, I scanned the corridor, looking for any sign of him. He was there, leaning against the wall as he waited and at the sight of me, he pushed away from the wall. When he made no move to approach me, I made my way over to him and closed the distance between us. Before I could say anything, or ask him anything, he startled me by pressing a chaste kiss on my lips. He drew back a little, chuckling when he saw that my eyes were wide, still startled by the abruptness of the action. "How did you figure it out?" he asked quietly, still making no move to draw fully back from me. "I recognised you voice," I responded just as quietly, biting my lips rather self-consciously. "How?" His surprise was obvious but the smile wouldn't leave his face. "I'm not sure," I admitted with a shrug, "I just did." "Well I'm glad." His hands came up to frame my face, thumbs rubbing across my reddening cheeks, "Salazar, am I glad you did." "I still don't understand why you made that fuss about me being too trusting if it was you all along," I protested as his lips began to make another descent towards mine. "Because you really are too trusting, but don't worry, I'm cynical enough for the both of us." Glancing down at the potion that was still clasped in my hand, he chuckled slightly, the sound light and carefree, "I don't think we need that anymore." "No, we don't." He took my lips in another kiss before I could contradict his words. This one last longer than the first and was much less chaste.