spoke to Remus." I propped my chin with my hand, "And?" "I think you should know why he didn't kiss you," he insisted. My mouth parted in shock as I whispered, "He really told you." Salazar, I'd fully expected Remus to give them some sort of lie about what had happened. I hadn't expected him to tell them the truth. Straightening in my seat, I crossed my arms and waited expectantly. Shaking my head, I asked myself, "Merlin, is nothing private anymore?" The look I got in response was enough to make me stop. "Well, what about it Potter?" "You know about his furry little problem," Black said as if I was being stupid. "Do you not get it or are you being thick on purpose?" "Black," I warned, "don't make me hex you." "Well don't you know how he feels about it?" Pettigrew asked, butting in, "How much it made him isolate himself from everyone?" "So?" I questioned but then it clicked. Merlin , did it click – I took in a deep breath, rising from my seat and meeting Potter's waiting eyes. He nodded, knowing what I was thinking. Groaning aloud, I shook my head. Remus wasn't stupid enough to – Oh who was I kidding, of course he was. "My God, he's not that pessimistic that he's sworn off of dating because of that, is he?" The answering silence was all I needed. "Merlin, for someone so smart, he really is an idiot." "No arguments here," Black muttered. "Where is he?" I asked, thinking quickly. When was he going to learn that this didn't need to limit him in any way? "Why?" Pettigrew asked as I pushed away from the desk to approach the door. Rolling my eyes, I deadpanned, "Because I'm going to hex some sense into him. I won't promise to return him to you in one piece, though." As I unlocked the door, I heard Potter call out behind me, "He's by the Black Lake." That was enough for me to know exactly where he was. Thanking Potter as I walked out of the classroom, I made my way to the Black Lake. It was obvious where I would find him. And sure enough, when I got to 'our' tree I found him slumped under it. The tree that we'd claimed as ours was the one we revised under every summer during the lead up to exams when the library became too loud. Remus' senses heightened in the build up to the full moon and being in the library during exam time sometimes proved too much for him and so we'd taken to staying out of the room as a whole. As I drew closer to the tree, I realised that his eyes were closed as he rested against it, legs splayed out in front of him. When he let out a deep breath I knew he wasn't asleep and I went to his side. "Why are you out here in the cold?" I questioned as I got closer to him. Remus' eyes opened in surprise and I would have teased him for not using his wolfy-senses to smell my approach if he didn't look so startled. He straightened up, crossing his legs under him as he spoke cautiously, "Hi." "Hi," I replied, stopping in front of him and crossing my arms. Now that the pleasantries were out of the way I could let it all out. Clearing my throat, I locked my eyes onto his and spoke firmly, "Remus John Lupin for such a smart man, you are such a bloody idiot. If someone wants to learn how to overreact to something then they should do it from you." He blinked, taken aback by my outburst. "What?" "Potter told me." My words had him rising to his feet, planning to run away. But I was quicker, aiming my wand at his chest. He hesitated, looking between my wand and my eyes. "Don't make me place you under a body bind," I warned. He thought over my words, weighing them carefully before deciding that I would carry out my threat. He knew me well then. Sitting with a sigh, he looked at me with a frown only to avert his eyes moments later. "Honestly, what kind of Gryffindor are you? Running away when you're confronted? I thought Gryffindors were about bravery, honour and all that bollocks." Remus' eyes flickered hesitantly towards mine. "Is there a point to all of this or –" He trailed off at the sight of my narrowed eyes. "What have I told you about using your wolfy-ness as an excuse to restrict yourself from doing anything?" My words made him start and he went to protest only to give up at my glare, knowing I wasn't going to accept whatever bullshit he decided to sprout. He sighed and admitted, "That it makes me an idiot." "And you are far too smart to be an idiot." Kneeling in front of him, I met his lowered eyes, "Now, you listen to me carefully because I'm only going to say this once. This is what's going to happen; I'm going to kiss you and depending on how good you are at it, I might not hex you for –" Except, he surged forward to kiss me making the end of my sentence disappear into thin air. When I managed to understand just what had happened, I returned the kiss, leaning into him only to have him pull away from me. I blinked up at him with confused eyes. "What –" "The full moon's coming and I'm more impulsive than normal," he explained, bringing a hand up to rub his thumb across my cheek. "And personally, I'd rather get rid of my impulsiveness like this than get into fights." "Me too," I admitted with a small smile, watching as he gave me a full-blown grin, the first I'd seen in a while. So really, it was no surprised when I pulled him into kiss.