the direction Peter had disappeared. "My money's on chili." I grinned, taking a bite out of a pumpkin pasty. "Same here." Remus helped himself to another chocolate frog, causing me to raise my eyebrows at him. "I'm starting to see a theme there, Remy." He glanced up at me, raising one eyebrow in question. I gestured at the empty wrappers of chocolate frogs in front of him. "That was like… what… your sixth chocolate frog?" He shrugged. "So what? I love chocolate." Without a second glance, he put the card onto the table, munching on the frog. James cast a look at the pile of Chocolate Frog Cards in front of Remus and then back up to the latter's face. "Say, Remus. You don't seem particularly interested in the cards. Any chance I could have them? I collect them, you know." Remus, his mouth full, gestured at the cards in a 'help yourself' manner and then learned back contentedly, reaching for his book again. "Do you think it'll be long 'til we arrive?" Peter was basically clinging to the window, trying to see anything through the pitch blackness outside and failing. "I hope so, it's been ages." I had been bobbing up and down in my seat for roughly an hour now, unable to hold still anymore. The closer we got to Hogwarts, the more nervous I got. It felt like my chest was constricting, cutting off my air supply. What would happen there? And what did I want to happen? My wretched family expected me to be sorted into Slytherin like them and the chances were slim to none that I would be sorted into another house. But I didn't want to be like them. I didn't want to be sorted into Slytherin, to have people react the way James did upon hearing that name. Sure, there were probably loads of nice people in Slytherin as well, indeed, I knew for a fact that not all of them were as bad as my parents or their stuck-up friends. My cousin Andromeda for one, she was in Slytherin as well and she was pretty much the kindest person I knew. Her two sisters however, god, they were a much different story. Breathing out sharply through my nose, I leaned back and closed my eyes. What would happen if I did get sorted into Slytherin? I would be separated from the friends I had made on the train ride, couldn't share a dormitory with them and probably wouldn't even have classes with them. Would they even want to talk to me anymore? James, in particular. He had made his aversion to Slytherin House crystal-clear before. "You all right there, Sirius?" When I opened my eyes again, I saw Remus and James looking at me closely whereas Peter took a bit longer to tear his eyes away from the window. I gave them a short smile that probably came out more like a grimace and then shrugged. "Nervous, I guess. Aren't you?" Remus nodded whereas James shrugged. "I'm actually much more excited than nervous." A sharp knock on the door made us turn our heads to see who it was. I instantly groaned when I saw the two girls, one with pale blond hair, the other's pitch black. My dear cousins obviously couldn't even let me get to Hogwarts in peace even though I was very likely going to be stuck in a common room with them from now on. I saw the other guys' surprised looks at my reaction but I didn't explain, instead just crossing my arms in front of my chest and trying to fix a bored expression on my face. "We're nearly there, Sirius. You'd better change into your robes." Narcissa gave me a smile for good measure, but it didn't reach her eyes. We didn't really get along. I thought she was an arrogant stuck-up bitch and she had told me quite often enough how immature and ridiculous she considered me. Her sister Bellatrix, however, was even worse. It wasn't enough that she actually looked very much like my mother, she was just as much of a crazy bitch as well. Whenever we met, we spent most of the time either glaring or snarling at each other. Keeping my eyes fixed on Narcissa, I gave her a curt nod. "Good to know." My body language practically screaming for them to leave, I looked away. But unfortunately, this message didn't seem to reach them. When I turned to glare at them again, I saw Narcissa gazing at the table covered in sweet wrappers in disdain and then she let her gaze sweep over my companions. "Who are they?" She turned her eyes on me again inquiringly. "None of your business. Anything else?" "Don't you take that tone with her, you insolent little…" Narcissa interrupted Bellatrix by grabbing her hand and pulling her towards the door. "Let it go, Bella. You know how he is, there's no need to get worked up about it." She glanced back at me. "Put on your robes. We'll see you later. And remember, whatever you do, you are a Black. So behave like one and don't dare embarrass the rest of us, understood." "Bye!" My voice was practically a snarl, which earned me another eye roll. Remember, whatever you do, you are a Black. Gah, how often had I heard that statement before? I was so sick of it. "Charming", snorted James sarcastically and shot me a curious look. "Who are they?" I grunted, rolling my eyes. "You hereby had the honour of meeting Bellatrix and Narcissa Black. Bellatrix is in her seventh, and fortunately last, year at Hogwarts and Narcissa is a fourth year." "You seem really fond of each other." James' smirk finally managed to make me smile as well. "I hate them. Especially Bellatrix, that mad cow." With a sigh I reached for the dress robes I had tossed over my suitcase. "Well, you heard them. We'd better get changed."