the hell" in my direction with wide eyes and an impressed look on his face. I just shrugged, feeling in awe myself. I was not exactly scared of Moody but nevertheless... I was rather attached to my body parts so I would not dare to get on his bad side. As we all settled down onto the table, Dumbledore cleared his throat. "As all of you are already aware of why you are here today, I will make it very brief. Yes, the rumours are true. Voldemort, or You Know Who, as most people prefer to call him, is at large again, having killed one of my students and fought Harry Potter on the day of the last task of the Triwizard Tournament. I have tried to get the Minister to acknowledge this fact right after this dreadful incident but unfortunately, he, as well as the majority of the wizarding community, refuses to believe this. Except for us and a few others, who will join us for our first meeting tomorrow evening. For the first meeting of the Order of the Phoenix since the end of the First War. Most of the people, who will be joining us there, were also members of the original Order of the Phoenix, during the first War. There are a few among us here as well, who were or who were affiliated with it even though they did not partake in the fighting itself. Fortunately though, it is not only the old lot, we have a few new recruits as well. Nymphadora – pardon me, old habits die slow – Tonks, for one. Sirius has been so kind to provide this house as Headquarters for us, therefore, all future meetings will be held here." While Dumbledore spoke about his efforts to convince the rest of the wizarding community that Voldemort was indeed very much alive and at large again, my thoughts drifted off. I could remember just fine, when it had been the original Order of the Phoenix crowded around Dumbledore, listening to his every word. I could see James' face as clearly as if it had been yesterday, staring at Dumbledore, a determined look on his face, determined to fight Voldemort, determined not to let anyone see that he was scared. And Lily, sweet Lily, who had been right there, at his side, trying to keep an optimistic smile on her face, trying to hold onto her belief that everything would turn out fine, that she would get her happy ending. Peter, right next to me, chewing on his bottom lip, as twitchy and nervous as always but trying to copy James' determined demeanour. Sirius, right there at James' right hand side with a confident grin on his face, as always, even though it didn't really seem to reach his eyes, which had a grave, haunted look in them, if you took the trouble to take a closer look and look past his boisterous attitude. And me, silent, grave, trying to cling to any shred of hope I could find. We had lost half of the original order during the First War, Edgar Bones, one of the most able fighters I had ever seen; Benji Fenwick and the Prewett brothers, who had still managed to crack jokes and make everyone laugh even during the darkest of times; my classmates – witty, brave Marlene McKinnon and her best friend Dorcas Meadow, who had made all of us crack up quite a few times when her witty, sarcastic self managed to slip past her silent demeanour… and of course, James and Lily Potter. My best friends. A sudden squeeze of my hand brought me back to the present. Startled at the burning feeling in my eyes, I turned my head to meet Sirius' gaze next to me. The look in his eyes, which were glistening suspiciously as well, told me all I need to know. He had been thinking the very same thing I had. Without saying a word, I squeezed back, closing my eyes for a moment to fight back the tears that were threating to escape. Yes, I had lost James and Lily. But at least, I had Sirius back. For years, for more than a century actually, I had been forced to believe that it had been Sirius, who was responsible for our best friends' murder. That it had been Sirius, who had betrayed Lily and James to the Dark Lord. That it had been Sirius, who had cold-bloodedly murdered Peter and a number of Muggles when Peter had supposedly tried to confront him. While Sirius had been locked up in Azkaban, I had been all alone, believing three of my friends to be dead and one of them, the one I had always been closest to, a traitor responsible for their death's. I had never been able to fully wrap my head around it, as the Sirius I had known would never have been capable of such a thing. The Sirius I had known would have moved mountains for the people he loved, would have died for his friends. He had had more reason than any of us to hate the Dark Arts as well as Voldemort and the ones who followed him. Part of me had always refused to believe that Sirius had betrayed us. And as it turned out that part of me had been right. At least I had Sirius back. I was not alone anymore. The thought of Lily and James' death might still tear me apart but at least I had someone to share my grief with, someone who I knew missed them just as much as I did. Finally, I took a deep breath and opened my eyes again, blinking a couple of times. My eyes were still burning a little but I was positive that the threat of crying in front of everyone had passed. As I looked up, my eyes once again met a couple of dark brown eyes, staring back at me.