magical powers for finding out the information you wished to. I think maybe I use this sort of power in a very different way, to the ways you have done in the past. Appalling as it is, the only man I am not related to that I have seen over the last week was Lucius Malfoy. I'll admit, it is nice to have someone I can whisper with about you, but Lucius is an arrogant bastard. Does anyone really like him? I don't know how my sister can be attracted him. I fought with Andromeda today. We were out in the garden, and she tried to jinx me... I'm not sure what happened, I was angry with her, and my wand sort of... Spun out of control, and... Before I knew it, she was under the Cruciatus Curse. It all went rather quickly. I took it off her right away, but the sheer power I felt from it, was amazing. An amazing experience. I've never done it on a human before, only animals. She ran away from me, the poor girl was obviously terrified. Again, is it wrong that it only amused me that I did not care? She's a Gryffindor mudblood lover; she deserves everything that is coming to her. Next time you write, don't bother telling me to enjoy my summer. Why am I going to? I have two younger sisters, complaining that I can use magic, and they cannot. I have two very annoying parents, who talk of nothing but marriage, and my social position. Why should I care about my social position? I'll be too busy working hard for you to be concerned with marriage. Besides, I'll never be loyal to my husband while you still breathe. It would save a lot of arguments if they would just consider you for a moment. Now they are talking about my marriage to a man over double my age, with a face like a Hippogriff's bottom. All for power and money. Why don't they just marry me off to you, it would make me happier, and you're good looking and far more powerful then he will ever be. Yours forever, Bella. x-x Bella, Rest assured, I shall speak to your father to be certain that you will not be married off for a couple of years yet, and when you are, it shall be a match that I approve of. As for the spell, I am most impressed that you already know how to do that, my training is not going to take half the time I expected if you can master a spell from a book. Especially a spell like the Cruciatus Curse. You should not feel bad for either of those reasons. I am pleased that you feel this way, you will not survive if you feel useless emotions such as guilt. It seems I was mistaken, you are equipped with the mental maturity you need, I was foolish to think otherwise, Bella. Well, today I am in Munich. I have met a very interesting character – her name is Akasha, and from what I can gather, is an ancient vampire. It appears she is the High Priestess of Scandinavia. I want to know more about her, but something tells me I will only find out more, and meet her again, if I move onwards to Scandinavia. Having someone as exciting and powerful as her, fighting for my cause would be a great achievement, something you would enjoy as much as I would, I am sure. I look forward to your next reply, Bella. Voldemort. x-x My Lord, A vampire? It sounds exciting; I've never met a vampire before. I do hope you won't fall for any of her seductive charms. Well, you don't fall for mine, so I see no reason for you to fall to hers. I hope things are going well for you. There is something strange going on, with my mother and my father. I mentioned to my mother that we had been corresponding, and by the end of the day, my engagement to that old man had been cancelled. It's happened twice now. Perhaps my father does want me to marry you, after all. I jump about in excitement whenever I receive a letter from you. Narcissa and Andromeda have no idea that I correspond with you, but mother and father know. I don't let them read the letters, or anything, but they are aware. I think that they are exceptionally proud of me. Well, I know for sure that I am going to do better than either of my sisters – A mudblood lover, and an air-head. My point is, every time I receive an owl from you, something changes within me. I ache for your touch, my heart beats faster, I smile, and the middle of my chest feels as if it could explode. I have never felt like this for anyone. What is it? Surely I cannot have fallen in love with you already. We hardly know each other, yet I feel as if we've been in each other's arms for a lifetime already. My birthday is a week away. I can hardly contain my glee, you are returning in a week. Well, you'll be doing your best to return. It counts as the same. Yours, Bella. x-x Dear Bella, I'm coming back. I should be back either on your birthday, or the day after. Either way, you will see me within the week and I have several things planned for you. You are feeling lust. Great lust, need... You've never been turned down before, or made to wait this long. The feeling grows as it waits. As for your parents, I promised I would speak with them, and I shall. You shall not be disappointed. I write hastily as I am anxious to return to you as soon as possible, I must continue to travel. Remain in your current state for a couple more days. Yours, Voldemort.