Bellatrix glanced up at the clock. It was nearly ten. "If I go back now then he will still be up." "And how will your Headmaster feel about our arrangement?" Rodolphus asked, frowning at her. "They can't stop us from seeing each other," Bellatrix replied, shaking her head. "One of the seventh year girls came back married last year," she continued. "She and her husband irritated all of us for the whole year, but she got her own room." "Having your own room would be good," Rodolphus replied, eyeing her appreciatively. "I'm hoping to be made Head Girl anyway," Bellatrix said, standing up and getting dressed. Rodolphus watched her from the sofa, lighting up another cigarette. "You are a swot, aren't you?" he asked. "Not really," she replied, buttoning up her robes. "I am naturally gifted." Rodolphus nodded, looking down at her shoes. "Have you got any higher heels?" "Maybe," she said, turning to the mirror to tidy her hair up and reapply her lipstick. "I'll drop you back," Rodolphus said, standing up and pulling his trousers on. "Wouldn't like your Father to think I wasn't treating you right." He laughed to himself as he pulled his robes around his shoulders. "Or behaving inappropriately." He grabbed her wrist, pulling her roughly towards him and picking her up to kiss her again. "I want you in higher heels next time I take you out." His hands slid down, cupping her arse cheeks in both hands. "I didn't say I had any higher," Bellatrix replied, smirking at him. "Then you'd better get some." He smacked each cheek, before letting her go. He looked into her eyes. "Don't fuck with me, Bella." Bellatrix laughed softly. "I'm not afraid of you, Rodolphus." Rodolphus smiled, and it seemed pretty genuine. "You should be." She laughed louder this time. "Do you want me to be?" Rodolphus shrugged. "There is something very arousing about fucking someone who is shaking in fear," he replied, his face completely serious. Bellatrix slid her hand around the back of his neck, gripping his hair. "Think about fucking someone else again and I will hex your balls off," she told him, squeezing her handful of hair. He was grinning at her now, his hands gripping her arms. "Better," he said. "I see I am not the only possessive one here." "You may promise any woman that approaches you that your wife to be will kill her," she replied, smirking up at him. "Straight after you've taught me the killing curse." "Give me a kiss," he said, leaning forwards and catching her lips in his own again. Bellatrix continued to pull his hair as they kissed. He pulled back, gasping for breath slightly. "Fuck," he mumbled. "I've not been with anyone like you before." "Good," she replied. "Come on then, take me home." Rodolphus gripped her wrist again, apparating them back to the bottom of her garden. "Bella." She looked up at him, noticing how serious his face was. "I think I'm a very lucky man." Bellatrix nodded back at him. "Call on me tomorrow morning?" she asked softly. "Maybe you could take me shoe shopping in Paris?" "Maybe," Rodolphus replied, licking his lips slightly. She could see he liked that idea. "Goodnight, Bella." He picked up her hand and kissed her fingers again. Bellatrix smiled at him. "Goodnight," she said, turning and heading away from him. She wished she could stay with him, but she knew it wouldn't be long before she could. She entered the house, seeing that the light was on in her Father's study. She headed that way, noticing the door was open. She knocked on the door and entered. He was sitting down, quill in hand. "Is everything alright?" he asked, frowning slightly. "You're back early." "Daddy, Rodolphus is wonderful," she said, smiling at him. "Look!" she held out her hand to him, showing him the ring. Cygnus smiled at her, and Bellatrix could see he look relieved. "That was good of him. He's much more considerate than Lucius is." Bellatrix rolled her eyes. "It is not possible to compare them," she told him. "I wondered if we might be able to marry before I go back to school." "That is very soon, Bellatrix," Cygnus said, frowning slightly. "I know, Daddy," Bellatrix replied, sitting down in front of his desk. "But now I have met him, I don't think I can wait." Cygnus stared at her for a moment, before nodding. "Of course, I'll speak to your Mother." Bellatrix smiled. "Thank you, Daddy. Rodolphus is calling on me in the morning. Perhaps we could come to some agreement then?" "Yes, we will," Cygnus replied, frowning slightly. "But you'll still go back to school, Bellatrix." "Of course, if I am to be Head Girl I must," she responded eagerly. "But I don't think I could do it without Rodolphus now." "I'm sure he will be of use," Cygnus replied, nodding. "His abilities are well known." Bellatrix stood up. "I'm so glad you found him for me," she said softly. "Are you sure, Bellatrix?" Cygnus asked her, looking up. "Are you sure about Rodolphus? I want the best for you." "I have the best, Daddy," Bellatrix replied, smiling. "I promise." Cygnus nodded at her. "Alright. Goodnight." Bellatrix smiled at him, leaving the room and heading upstairs to her bedroom. She opened the door to her wardrobe, pulling out all of her shoes to compare. She was slightly disappointed to see the ones she had been wearing were her highest, but she knew he would like to buy her some more. She could see a house elf had put the red roses he had bought her into a vase, and she smiled as she saw them. She stripped off her clothes, putting a cleaning spell on her knickers. She didn't want anyone to notice how soiled they were when they were being washed. She got into bed, gazing up at the ceiling. She couldn't wait to be married to him. x-x