he altered the design of the cross guard and placed his emblem or mark under the pommel. A dragon curled up with a green stone on its mouth. Breathing heavily, Harry collapsed in the middle of the meadow and sighed. "I guess that's it for today." He said as he drank water from his pouch and poured the rest on his face while sighing in pleasure at the cold and refreshing feeling. "Oh? That's too bad. I quite liked the show." A voice interrupted his thoughts. Immediately jumping into action with sword in hand he was about to ask who was spying on him when he got a shock from who was the intruder. Long flowing blonde hair, light skin, striking blue eyes and a slender figure, he was greeted by Daphne Greengrass leaning on a tree as she watched him in interest. There was something else in her eyes that Harry can't place his finger on but he shrugged it off. "Miss Greengrass! I'm sorry about that. You startled me." He nervously scratched his head in front of the pretty girl. He tries to keep his eyes away from looking at any part of Daphne's body that would cause him to be flustered. Giggling slightly, she replied. "I don't mind. In fact, that rugged look really suits you." She said in a melodious voice that sounded like chimes in Harry's head. What is it with this girl that makes him really flustered? Blushing in response, he gulped and changed the topic. "Pardon me for asking but what are you doing here?" He was wondering how did she manage to find his spot and was slightly fearing if she'd call him out for using a real weapon than a practice sword. Smiling deviously, she countered. "Hmm? Are you perhaps suggesting that I should leave?" Her eyes glinted in amusement as Harry began sputtering denies and apologies. "You're letting this poor innocent maiden leave and walk the streets alone?" She said in an expression mock hurt. While Harry was sure that she won't get harassed in town due to being a noble and everyone aside from teenagers are all happily married or had enough respect to people to not bother them, he can't help but be caught up in her acting and found himself tongue-tied. Laughing at his expression, "Relax. I was just teasing you. To answer your query, I followed you here after I saw you leave at the restaurant. I would like to express my gratitude for defending my honor from your... companions." She figured they weren't really his friends so she refrained from calling them that. "Oh? Well, don't worry about it. I just don't like those kinds of comments. It's rude and very disrespectful." Harry smiled as he ruffled his hair as he always does when being complimented. Especially by someone like her. "My my, it seems that we have an honourable knight in shining armor... Or i this case, in dirty and rugged clothing." She teased him again as he blushed. Really now? For the entire time of his conversation with the girl, all he has been doing is impersonate a tomato. Where did all his confidence and coolness gone off too? "Well, I must be going. I still have to return to the Capital in a few days. Take care Mr. Swordsman." She said as she seemingly faded in the sunset and tall trees. Recovering from his initial embarrassment, he asked himself. "What was that about?" Xxx Scene Break xxX Greengrass Manor Daphne Greengrass was inwardly smiling. So the rumors were true. Harry Potter was indeed the lost child of James Potter and Lily Evans. From his natural talent with the sword which from watching him earlier made her hot. His focused emerald green eyes and how it goes really well with his untamed hair made her eyes glint in desire. It confirmed that he isn't just another blacksmith's nephew. She could see fairly well that despite not having proper training, his reflexes and natural talent is no joke and could go toe to toe with amaterus swordsmen in the Capital. While that was said, what really triggered her arousal for the boy was his magic. He seemed that he has no idea but the raw magic surrounding his entire being is basically like aphrodisiac to all sorts of magical beings. Yes, Daphne was not purely human. Her family are high elves who descended back from the early years of the Kingdom. All magical creatures exposed to magic in the air is like a cool breeze in a hot summer day. It replenishes their energy and calms their bodies. And while being depraved of magic in the air won't necessarily kill them, they'd be significantly weakened due to the lack of conductor in the air. This is why anyone with an affinity for magic often stay at the Western Region where magic in the air is abundant. In Harry's case where his magic is strong and wild, it basically calls beings with magic to bask in his presence and is like a beacon of aura for them. Thus, explains Daphne's current state. "Oh how I wish to just take you right now and have my way with you." Daphne licked her lips as she imagine riding the boy to completion. He certainly was very easy on the eyes. "But I'm afraid that'll have to wait. Just be patient, I'll come for you." While kidnapping Harry was the easiest of ideas, she wants to find a way where he would willingly go with her instead of outright using magic to brainwash him. Smiling to herself, it seems that Theodore would be useful for once after all. Author's Note: Ok, I wasn't satisfied with the "Kingdom of Magic" so I took it down and tried a different approach. Please do try to review as it would really help me in the long run for those who'd want more content from me. Thanks and have a good day!