was you even here a minute ago?" "He wouldn't even look at me." "He kept glancing at you whenever you looked away", Lily assured her. Alice didn't know if she believed her. She''d never planned on letting herself fall for anyone, especially not a guy. Ever since she was little she had watched her father rule over her mother and she had decided that she would never put herself through that. She was even more convinced after all the times she had seen her friends crying because someone didn't like them. Though, she wasn't sure for how much longer she could hide her growing feelings for Frank. Without Sirius being there and talking constantly it felt like the dinner had lasted for years when Dumbledore finally rose from his chair. "Welcome back to a new year at Hogwarts", Dumbledore said and smiled "Our new students should note that the forest is called the forbidden forest for a reason and I don't want any incidents involving students inside of it." James thought Dumbledore looked at him as he said that and James smiled to himself. Last year they might just have sneaked into the forest in the middle of the night and angered the centaurs, all by accident off course. "This year we also have two new members of staff…" Dumbledore continued "…Welcome professor Terry. She''ll be teaching Defence Against the Dark Arts since professor Whiteside decided to leave us after last year." A young woman at the end of the table waved. She had dark hair which was collected into a bun at the back of her head. "I'm also pleased to inform you that we've found a new caretaker who will replace Mr. Pringle." "Hopefully someone with a sense of humour." James whispered and Peter laughed. "Please welcome Mr. Filch to our school", Dumbledore said as a man with long grey hair and hunched shoulders entered the room. A few students who had begun to applaud stopped quickly "Mr. Filch has already put together a list of items forbidden on school grounds, it can be found in his office and includes 286 objects." Dumbledore let out a small laugh and James could tell even he thought this was a ridiculous idea. "Now off to bed with you. You''ve got lessons tomorrow." Disorder erupted in the great hall when everyone rose from their seats and tried to walk away at the same time. Remus left and James saw him catch up with Lily before the two of them together started collecting the Gryffindor first years. He and Peter walked out of the hall. The corridors were crowded and after managing to squeeze themselves through the corridor on the first floor James slipped in behind a tapestry remembering there was a shortcut there which would take them almost all the way to the Gryffindor tower without walking into other students. When they arrived in the Gryffindor common room it was empty and so was their dorm. James was putting his and Sirius' quidditch equipment in the wardrobe while discussing with Peter which brand made the best stink bombs when Frank Longbottom and Arnold Whills entered the room. James stuffed the last piece of clothing onto the wardrobes top shelf and then closed the door. "How's you' summer?" he asked them. "Great, we were visiting my family in brazil." Frank answered, Arnold shrugged. "I was at home." A moment later Remus stepped through the door, almost as wet as the first-years had been when they first arrived in the great hall. "What happened to you? You look like you got into a fight with the giant squid", Peter commented. "I feel like it too", Remus voice was straight forward "We were walking up the stairs with the first years when peeves showed up and started throwing water balloons and stink bombs all over the place. People ran everywhere and we had a hard time keeping the first year's together. Lily managed to get them in a line and they kept walking up the stairs while I was caught in the middle of the chaos. Then the new caretaker, Mr. Filch, showed up and gave me a long speech about how this won''t happen anymore now that he's in charge. Then he forced a copy of the list with forbidden items on me before yelling at me for being out of bed." James was torn between laughter and fury at the new caretaker. "Sounds like a charming type", he finally said. "Moony, do you still have that list?" James asked. Remus nodded and drew a folded paper from his back pocket. James took it from him and started reading. The list started out as he had expected it too. Listing all prank articles available for sale and love potions but as the list continued the items on it got more and more ridiculous until it ended at point 286 with the word "High heeled shoes" "He's a total nutter", Peter exclaimed, clearly having read the list over James shoulder. "Yeah Wormy, now you can't even wear heels to get taller", Remus said and James roared with laughter. "Don't get to excited Prongs, you won't be able to…" Remus eyes searched the list "…ask Lily out by playing her a guitar serenade." James lay awake that night and heard how Remus breath eventually turned into loud snores. Since Sirius was hurt he hadn't had time to think properly, now when he was alone with his thoughts he couldn't calm. He was furious, he wanted to hurt the people responsible for his best friend not being asleep in the bed next to his. That spell, James thought, had been dark magic, the person throwing it had known it would cause severe damage. James would never be able to do that; to throw a spell he knew would hurt the receiver. When he slowly drifted off to sleep it was past midnight and James was painfully aware of how tired he would be the following day.