Edenbeck and this is Olive Click," a dark haired girl said. She was taller and as skinny as a quill with tanned skin and then the girl beside her had to be about six foot-two with ashy blonde hair and big lips. "Hey, I'm Rachel Angotti and this is Cara Mulligan." The next day, Rachel and the other Ravenclaws were seated in Professor Binns' classroom, waiting for him to arrive. "I heard this class is as boring as watching paint dry," Cara commented. As Rachel nodded and continued to doodle little swirls in her parchment, a cool rush went though the room and a ghost floated through the blackboard. "Good morning, students. I am Professor Binns, your History of Magic Teacher," explained the transparent man. He was wearing 1800s robes and looked as old as dirt. "I was born in seventeen seventy-two and died in eighteen seventy-five at the age of one hundred and thirteen. I never married and devoted my life to history books and I have devoted my death to history lessons. Now that you know something about me, please turn your textbooks to page forty-nine and I'll tell you a little something about the history of magic." Rachel was flipping through her pages and had dipped her quill in fresh ink, waiting for the lesson to begin. Two Gryffindor boys were chatting loudly across the room and making a huge scene in the class. "A vampire is six and a half feet at best, basilisks are like seventy feet long on average!" The boy with messy hair and glasses from last night yelled in aggravation. "Basilisks have literally one power, killing stuff with its eyes! If a vampire just used their heightened sense of smell, it could easily kill it without opening their eyes! Plus, basilisks are known to be dopes, probably couldn't even make its way around a room because it's so bloody gigantic!" The boy Rachel ran into on the train explained. "A basilisk can also, oh I don't know, swallow a vampire in one gulp!" "Why doesn't basilisk stay out of the argument and I get a vampire to bite you!"' "Gentlemen?" Asked Professor Binns. "Yes, sir?" The boy whom Cara called cute the night before, replied. "James Potter, is it? Please switch seats with uh," he looked down at his class list, "Miss Angotti, if you please." Rachel's heart leaped. "What?" Rachel whispered. Cara shot a dirty look at the two boys before cursing a profanity. "Yes, sir," James sighed before gathering his books. Realizing she would have to move, Rachel grabbed her things and walked across the room to sit down next the boy she bumped into on the train. "You," he said as he stared at Rachel. "You," she replied just as coldly. She reached over and pinched his arm. He yelped and grabbed the sore spot. "Bugger! What was that for?" He demanded. His eyes narrowing at her. "For being a prick and having a big mouth!" She said as she began searching for the page in the book again. He groaned before mumbling, "Bloody birds." Rachel shot him a death glare before going back to her book. The lesson droned on and on, but she was entertained by looking over and Cara who would make funny faces and mouth bad words to her. She seemed to be getting chummy with James at her desk. Sirius was either folding the edges of his textbook or would look across the room to shout over at his friends. He hummed without realizing it, the end of his quill was all chewed up, and he flipped his hair constantly. She thought he was intolerable. His bony elbows would knock hers over and she could barely focus on her drawings because he kept singing. It sounded like a muggle song she heard once, but it could have been anything just as annoying. The period was almost over and Professor Binns began explaining their assignment,"Please write an essay about the life of Merlin about fifteen inches due next class." Rachel saw the boy next to he pull out a piece of parchment and begin to write his name at the top. "Sirius Black," she read. She thought his name was a bit out there and ironic. She couldn't see him being serious about anything at all, but his handwriting was impressively nice for a boy. It was in cursive and his "S" and "B" were loopy and bold while the other letters were like an after thought. "Sirius Black," Rachel stated in an even tone, "you can't be serious?" She asked smiling, attempting to make up for her harsh pinch earlier. He glanced at his name on the parchment before smirking and looking up at her. "Oh, I am." He chuckled to himself before waiting for her to write down her name. She was simply staring at his silvery grey eyes before he nudged her hand and looked at her quill. "Oh," she said before dipping her quill in ink and scratching out her name. She had written it over and over before, obviously, and she loved making it fancy or bold, but in that moment, it came out terribly. Her hand was shaking and her grip on the quill was all wrong. "Rachel, huh?" He asked after reading her parchment. "Yeah," she replied, mortified at her handwriting. Cara and James began walking over. He said something quietly to her and she laughed before Cara said, "ready to go, Rache?" Sirius looked at her and gave her a funny stare. "Let's go, mate," James said before turning to the two boys sitting behind them. Sirius grabbed his bag and whispered to Rachel, out of Cara's earshot, "you're a Rae, not a Rache by the way," before he winked and ran off with his mates. Rachel was frozen for a second, no one had ever called her Rae before. Cara grabbed her arm and she was pushed back into reality, never really forgetting about Sirius Black.