made me and Orion proud." "Don't forget, Sirius is best friends with James," added Vega Black, Libra's daughter. "And I'm Fleamont and Euphemia's goddaughter." A sour expression formed on Bellatrix's face while Walburga offered the young girl a sneer. "I guess you'll be the most excited for tonight's big announcement," Virgo said. "Of course," Walburga nodded. Bellatrix looked confused at the exchange. A few people giggled, and Lily smiled. Dark eyes glared at everyone around as Bellatrix looked over everyone. Her eyes fell on Lily, widening. "Mudblood," she hissed, catching her aunt's attention. Jealousy and envy flashed across her face as she took in Lily's appearance. "Where?" Walburga demanded as she glanced over the crowd. She scowled at the sight of Lily, standing next to Remus. "Miss Evans, there you are. Your fiance has been most worried about you. Your sudden disappearance has had us all worried." "No need to concern yourself," Lily said. "I've been with my family." A nasty smile formed on Walburga's lips. "Then I will be sure to inform the Ministry," she offered. "You know it's against the law for an uneducated muggle-born witch to dwell with her family." "I'm taking my NEWTs in two weeks," Lily stated. "I have every intention to finish my education." "I didn't think your fiance approved of you furthering your education," Bellatrix taunted. "I can't say," Lily responded with a shrug. "We didn't have a chance to discuss it. I'm sure we'll be talking tomorrow." "No need," Walburga said. "I'll go find and retrieve Alfredas." Without another word, Walburga and Bellatrix turned to leave. Once Walburga and Bellatrix left, Lily and Remus shared a smile before dissolving into laughter. People around them followed. "You should go find James," Libra ordered with a fond smile. Lily agreed before she turned to find her husband or his parents. Fleamont and Euphemia might know where their son was, and if they didn't, James would find them. The big announcement was schedule for ten o'clock, a little over an hour away. Lily hoped to spend that hour avoiding her former headmistress, Bellatrix, and the creep who thought he was her fiance. ... Eventually, ten o'clock came. Lily stood beside James in a small antechamber connected to the ballroom. The antechamber led to an elevated area where James' parents stood, addressing their guests. Mindful of the time, Lily felt the pressure mounting. This was their public debut. "I love you," she whispered as her husband took ahold of her left hand. James kissed the back of her hand before lacing their fingers together. "And I you," he replied. Lily relaxed, feeling some of the pressure vanish. She knew this was important, but she had James by her side. With James, Lily felt confident and this was something they would handle together. "– and it is our great pleasure to present our son, Lord James Potter," Duke Fleamont Potter announced. There was a polite applause. "I'll see soon," James whispered, pressing a kiss to Lily's cheek. "You're do great." Turning, James left the antechamber to join his parents. Left alone, Lily took a deep breath as she edged closer to the door. Despite standing next to the door, she had some difficulty hearing what James was saying. "–thank everyone for attending," James said. "There was a slight mix up in the details. I will not be looking for a wife this season or ever since I am already married." He paused for a moment. Lily was willing to guess there was some kind of displeasure going through the crowd. "Please, allow me to introduce my wife," James continued. Taking a deep breath, Lily placed her hand on the doorknob. "Lady Lily Evans Potter," James finished as Lily opened the door. She stepped out, joining her husband and his parents in front of their guests. As she stepped out, James held his hand out, which she took. Sharing a smile, Lily allowed James to guide her to his side. Standing next to James, Lily leaned against his side as she gazed out at their guests. Words: ~18,400 This was written for ChocolateWonder in honor of Monthly One-Shot Exchange for July from Harry Potter Fanfiction Challenges Forum . Prompts: from ChocolateWonder: (Pairing) James/Lily; (Pairing) Remus/Sirius; (Genre) Friendship; (Genre) Romance; (Dialogue) "Shut up and kiss me."; (Color) Periwinkle; (Emotion) Greed; and (Song) "The Way You Make Me Feel" by Michael Jackson Picked up extra prompts: (Weather) Snowy; and (Dialogue) "I love you." / "I know." This was written in response to additional challenges from Harry Potter Fanfiction Challenge Forum : (01) 100 Ways to Say I Love You Challenge – Dialogue 37: "Can I kiss you?" (02) Alternate Universe Challenges – Four Schools: The Four Founders split apart before Hogwarts was built, and each founded their own magical school instead. (03) Are You Crazy Enough to Do It Challenge – Prompt 150: (Color) Silver (04) Build Your Cube Challenge – Green: (Dialogue) "I don't know what you mean." (05) Colors of the Rainbow Challenge – Purple, Prompt 3: (Word) Gift (06) Climb to the Top of Mount Potter Challenge – Prompt 06: (Word) Disaster (07) Crayon Color Challenge – (Color) Lavender (08) Disney Character Challenge – Prince Phillip: Write about James Potter. (09) The FRIENDS Competition: The One With 472 Prompts – (Season One) TOW The Blackout: Write anything using the prompt "darkness." (10) Shop for a Prompt Challenge – (Word) Cool (11) The Ultimate Doctor Who Challenge – Jamie McCimmon: Write about a Scottish character. (Minerva McGonagall.) (12) Ultimate Write Challenge – Write two het fics: One of two. Alfredas Edmund Pyrites the Third : There is a canon character named Pyrites. He was a Death Eater, and he wore white silk gloves that were stained with blood. This character only appears in the early drafts of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone . When design this version of the character, I wanted to give him a ridiculous name to go with his massive ego and horrible personality.