to arrive made those nerves return follow force. Lily joined Sirius a few minutes later with a smile. "What did you want to talk about, Sirius?" she asked. "Something important," he replied, offering her a half-smile. Lily opened her mouth to say something, but she was cut off by the arrival of James. At the sight of him, her emerald eyes widened. James glanced between Sirius and Lily. "What're we talking about?" he asked. "Not yet," Sirius said. "We'll talk in a little, someplace else." He turned down the left corridor, headed to the weird tapestry and the strange room. James and Lily followed behind him, sharing a confused look. They watched in confusion as Sirius paced back and forth in front a wall, muttering to himself. When a door materialized, both were surprised and shocked, but they followed Sirius inside after he entered. They found a small replica of the common room with a few differences, like the ceiling. The ceiling in this room was modeled after the ceiling of the Great Hall, only this ceiling showed the night sky instead of reflecting the outside sky. Once he was inside of the room, Sirius sat down in one of the armchairs. He glanced up at the night sky, taking in the starry canopy. After a few seconds, Lily and James sat down near him – James in an armchair and Lily on a couch. "What did you want to talk about?" Lily asked. "Us," Sirius replied, "and our relationship." "At this time," James began, "I don't think anything needs to change. We're young and we need to get to know another first." Lily smiled, nodding in agreement. "I don't want to start dating until fourth of fifth year," she said. Sirius smiled at the pair. "Well, I still think we need to talk," he stated. "I mean, we know we're soulmates and we're a Triad, but who do we tell?" "My parents know," James said with a shrug. "They had me tested over the summer. Since I hadn't met either of soulmates, the test only told us I was a member of a Triad." "What test?" Lily asked with a frown. In all of her research, she hadn't found any test related to soulmates. "It's the Anima Test," Sirius explained. "It's offered at Gringotts for a ten galleons fee." Lily nodded, deciding to save her questions for later. This wasn't the time. They were focusing on them . "I don't really have anyone tell," Lily said, focusing on the current topic. "I might wanna tell my friends, later." "Like Severus?" Sirius asked with a frown. There was something about the other boy that Sirius didn't like, but he won't say anything. Snape was Lily's friend, and Sirius didn't want to dictate who she could and couldn't be friends with. "Maybe," Lily said with a shrug. "I've told a few people," Sirius admitted, "The Headmaster, Professor McGonagall, and Frank." "Not your cousin?" Lily asked. When she met them, she could tell they were close. "Not yet," Sirius answered. "I-I don't wanna tell her." He shook his head. "T-there's something going on with her and Marlene." "So, do we tell anyone else, for the time being?" James asked, looking between Sirius and Lily. "I am not telling anyone in my family," Sirius declared. "If my mother found out, I would be Inducted and transferred." "What's Inducted?" Lily asked. She hadn't heard that term before, but she gathered from Sirius' tone and his words that it wasn't good. James shrugged. "I don't know the specifics," Sirius explained. "It's the removal of the soulmark." Both James' and Lily's eyes widened. "Why would your family do something like that?" Lily asked. Sirius shrugged. He didn't know the reasoning, but he had an idea. "My ancestor, Hydrus Black, left his betrothed for his soulmate," he explained. "Since then, my family's been anti-soulmate." "I don't plan to tell my parents or my sister," Lily said, her tone sad. "They don't really want anything to do with me or this world." A heavy feeling settled over the group. "Does this mean we'll all take the Potter name when we bond?" James asked, joking to try and break the tension that was beginning to form. "I will," Sirius answered with a smile. "The Black name can die with my parents." "Probably," Lily agreed. The three of them laughed, changing the subject to schoolwork. They remained in the room for a few hours, talking and laughing together. Eventually, they moved to laying side by side by side on the floor, staring up at the heavenly canopy of stars. "Where do we go from here?" James asked, glancing between Sirius and Lily on either side of him. "Anywhere," Lily answered. "Together," Sirius added, " Always together," James promised with a smile. EL FIN. This was written for The Crownless Queen in honor of Monthly One-Shot Exchange for June from Harry Potter Fanfiction Challenges Forum . Prompts from The Crownless Queen: (Pairing) James/Lily/Sirius; (AU) Soulmates; (Character) Regulus Black; (Genre) Angst and (Word) Angel This was written in mind to the additional responses, all found on Harry Potter Fanfiction Challenges Forum : (1) Acrostic-y Challenge of Chapter Titles II – N: (Character) Narcissa Black (2) Build Your Cube – Blue: (Word) Nightmare (3) Colors of the Rainbow – Black, Prompt 3: (Word) Night (4) Climb to the Top of Mount Potter – Prompt 05: (Word) Heaven (5) The FRIENDS Competition – (Season Nine) TOW The Blind Date: Write a soulmate!AU fic. (6) Shop for a Prompt – (Pairing) Narcissa/Marlene Soulmarks James Potter/Lily Evans/Sirius Black: against all odds / and despite all obstacles / we are going to make it. Narcissa/Marlene: Roses are red / and violets are blue. This fanfiction story is a part of Calligraphy of the Soul Collection , which is a series of unrelated oneshots and multi-chaptered fanfiction stories based around the theme of Soulmates. Calligraphy of the Soul One: Nevermore (Sirius/Lily/James, and Narcissa/Marlene) Two: Waiting for You (James/Septima)