felt hot and cold all over me, my body burning in the weirdest places and my heart freezing with the small touch. He opened his mouth and pressed my bottom lip between his teeth, pulling lightly. I wasn't able handle that and my legs gave up under me. I was so scared. Tom caught me just before I hit the ground, chuckling gravely while he said 'this is going to be so much better than I imagined'." At this time, Snape put his hand in her head, touching her hair with his fingertips. "You never told me he had gotten intimate with you like that…" He said in a weird tone, waiting for her to say something, anything that would shake the unknown feeling that was turning his stomach upside down. "I was afraid you'd think I'm disgusting." "I could never think that." He murmured and she almost didn't hear him. Almost. She lifted her head from his chest and turned to look at him, asking defiantly "What do you mean by that, Severus?" Ginny stared at his eyes while the silence filled the room. She could feel his heartbeats getting faster and was pretty sure hers were doing the same thing. He was so close to her body and to her heart that she allowed herself thinking about what would happen if she moved just a little, finally being able to taste him. "Continue the dream, please." Snape said with a faltering voice, looking to a point over her head. "Well…" She started again, "when Tom held me in his arms, our surroundings changed to a really awkward cave. We were in the middle of it, with dark water all around us, like an island inside a cave. I've never seen anything like it. He put me down and conjured a large bed, with no sheets and no pillows. I didn't know what to feel when he did that, and he could tell I was freaking out, because he started laughing out loud at my dumb face. I can't say I wasn't a bit excited at the thought of him wanting me that way. I mean, who wouldn't feel special? He is famous, extremely good looking and… dangerous... Oh I'm so stupid." Ginny finished, waiting for Snape's response, because she knew that if he didn't like what she had just said, she wouldn't be able to continue. "Good looking, heh?" He said with a smirk. "No way that's all you got from what I said!" Ginny laughed. She was sure he was enjoying her story, in a pretty twisted and fucked up way. But so what, she was like that herself. Maybe she also enjoyed the wickedness a bit. "You should laugh more. It doesn't suit you to be sad all the time, it seem as if the real you is trapped inside." Snape raised his hand and touched her hair again, showing a side of him that nobody would ever dream existed. Maybe he is like that just for me. Or maybe I'm finally going insane. "It's not easy to be happy when you can never reach what you want. Always hoping for something that is too far away. Maybe I should just stop dreaming and accept what is nearer, but it feels incomplete. Tom… Harry… You. Always beyond my reach." Snape raised his eyebrows at her statement. "Oh, don't pretend you didn't realize. And don't even dare to act like you don't feel something too. Even if it's just physical!" Ginny stood to get a better look at his alarmed expression. "I don't care about your crazy fantasies and that's not why we're here. It seems you are a bit off after all. I thought I had made myself clear when we first started talking about your dreams and I told you I wanted to know more about Tom." He snapped, not knowing what to do. It was obvious he couldn't have her. She was a child and his student. "How old are you, anyway? Don't you think I'd want someone more mature, instead of making out with a little girl?" Ginny could feel the tears promptly dropping from her eyes struggling against the possibility that he really meant that. "I'm sixteen. And I don't believe you. I'm sorry for saying out loud what we've been trying to hide for the past three months. I'll leave now if you want me to. Thanks for listening to my adventures for all this time." "Please go." Ginny turned and began to walk away, only stopping to make a final statement she hoped would get him thinking about her for a while. "He touched me, you know? He threw me on the bed and touched me everywhere. I could see his eyes turning black when he put himself inside of me. He left me alone and aching in the cave for hours when he was done, preventing me for waking up. It felt wonderful to be taken like that, but I'm still hunted by his eyes whenever I close mine." Snape stared at her, not knowing what to say. "Oh, and do you know when this dream happened?" She said, not waiting for an answer. "It happened the day you and me found each other, the first time you took me here to talk. He knew something was about to take place. He knew we would go beyond ourselves." "Don't let him get to you like that." He pleaded. "Too late, don't you think?" Ginny stormed out of the room, banging the door behind her. Snape sat back on his chair, putting his head in his hands, trying to calm himself. In the back of his mind he knew she was right about his feelings and desires, but the logic told him it was stupid and it would only end up hurting both of them. He stood and angrily threw all of the papers that were on his desk to the floor, cursing out loud and heading to his quarters.