in a tight grey tshirt that brought out his eyes and black jeans. "Hello love, the names Sirius Black." He bowed down to kiss Lily's hand softly. James swatted Lily's hand away and yelled, "Cut the crap, Padfoot. This is Lily and she needs a haircut. I thought I could trust you not to be weird!" "A haircut? Not a problem! I have a way with manes." Sirius said as he flipped his shoulder length, choppy hair. It's glossy appearance reflected off the lights in a glowing fashion. "So your trained to cut hair? Listen I'm not going to wing this, I want a good, professional haircut." Lily told Sirius sternly. "Are you kidding?" He turned to James, "Is she blind? Does she not see the gloriousness of my hair?" He looked at Lily and took her hands, "Sweetheart I am going to give you a haircut so good, you will be shouting my name by the end of the night." "Enough! I swear to Merlin, Padfoot, if you don't shut the hell up we're out of here." Jame yelled, his eyes flashing with anger. "Please just don't fuck it up, okay?" Lily asked. She was sat down in their kitchen chair and her hair magically washed and damp. "So what length are you going for, love?" Sirius asked as he combed through her long mane. "I'm thinking mid throat, something sassy and fun. But please not too short in the back, I still want to put it in a ponytail, even if it is a nub." Lily replied. "I can do that. Any layers?" He asked as scissors appeared in his hand and he began chopping. "Not too many, enough for texture." "Okay, just give me a bit and you will be a whole new Lily." "One, two, three!" Lily's hand shoved up as she took the hand mirror to see her new haircut. She was already in love with it. The nice blunt ends and sassy swish it made when she shook her head made her smile giddily. She jumped up to hug Sirius. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" She yelled as she kissed his cheek. James hopped up from the couch and took a look at Lily's new hair. How could she look better than before? He thought. "Thanks for the favor, Sirius, but we're off." In a millisecond he was up next to Lily, slightly blocking her from Sirius. "Where are you going now?" Sirius asked as he magically cleaned up her chopped hair strands around the floor. "We're going to lunch. Chinese food." James sent a quick wink to Lily. One of the items on her list was to try Asian cuisine. "Fun! If you want you could grab me a fortune cookie. I need some guidance on this whole Gwen thing." Sirius looked at Lily and added, "My kind of sort of not really girlfriend." She nodded. "Thank you again for the haircut, I'll call you up when I need a trim, next time!" Lily hollered as they made their way to the door. "So what Chinese place?" She asked. "Only the best." James said as she took his arm. "Panda Express? Are you joking? Is this even authentic?" Lily asked as she shot James a dirty look. "Yes! Of course it is! You'll love it all the same." They walked up, ordered and then sat down to eat. "So why have you never had Chinese before?" James asked as he opened up his chopsticks. "I really don't know, to be honest. Family just never was a fan, I guess." She took a bite of her rice. "So what item on the list can we do that's quick, something while we're eating." Lily asked as James pulled out the paper. "Hmmm, never stolen anything?" James asked. "No, I don't want to take anything from here. Next one." Lily replied. "Ooh! Use magic!" James said excitedly. Lily responded in awe, "Seriously? We're in a muggle restaurant! Not only would I be breaking wizarding law number one, but also why would I waste my first adult charm on a simple accio for a salt packet?!" "Come on, just do it." James said lazily. She shot him a stare and concentrated. A single salt packet came racing towards her and landed on her lap. She looked around to check if anyone saw. "Okay, check! Did magic outside of school." Lily said, happy to have another item off the list. James smiled, slightly amazing at her nonverbal spell casting. She's a unique one, that's for sure. He thought as he watched her finish her food. "So you said you age training tomorrow, what for?" Lily asked as she re-gripped her chopsticks. James swallowed, "Auror training. First year is in Norway, then Bulgaria and then Whales. I don't know why those places specifically, but I'm defiantly interested to find out." "Auror? That's a bit frightening. Have you always wanted to that?" She questioned. "Well, for a bit I wanted to be a professional chaser for a quidditch team, but after seeing all the traveling and time spent practicing, it didn't seem worth it." "Isn't that the same as being an Auror?" Lily thought about Auror training before, but this last year at school would make up her mind about backing a ministry worker, an Auror or a healer. "Similar, but still different. Authors dedicate three years to strict training, but then you get to choose your home office and only travel for short spurts of time. Quidditch is every single year and traveling around the world until you retire," he answered. Lily didn't know what to think. For just meeting someone she felt awfully close to James. It was like they had known each other for years. "Aren't you scared of fighting dark magic? Especially with all the fighting already beginning?" Lily asked softly, remembering some of the warnings she got from an old friend last year. James smiled at her, "That only fueled my fire to join."