rushing off to the Quidditch World Cup. Hyacinthe and Sirius were invited to join Minister Fudge in the Top Box. Hyacinthe managed to secure an extra ticket for Katie. While she wanted to invite Bill, she wasn't ready for everyone to know about their relationship. So, after discussing it with Sirius, Hyacinthe invited her friend from the Quidditch Team. Hyacinthe didn't play much attention to the game. She was too busy looking over at Bill. She didn't know he was going to in the Top Box. He was seated a few seats away, between Charlie and Ginny. The Irish Team won the game, and Hyacinthe left the Top Box with Katie and Sirius. There wasn't much to stay and celebrate. It was a good game. Since they weren't staying the night, Sirius took the girls back to the London apartment. The next morning The Daily Prophet 's front page had an image of the Dark Mark in the sky and a story about the Death Eater attack after the Quidditch Match. After the Quidditch World Cup, Bill spent as much time as possible with Hyacinthe. She was returning to Hogwarts soon. There was some kind of tension in apartment. Hyacinthe knew there was something both Bill and Sirius were keeping from her. ... On the thirty-first of August, Sirius and Bill sat Hyacinthe down. Sirius looked uneasy and Bill was concerned. "There's something special happening at Hogwarts this year," Sirius began awkwardly. "It's the Triwizard Tournament." Between Sirius and Bill, they explained Hogwarts was hosting the Tournament and the rules. "Why are you telling me this?" Hyacinthe asked. None of the students were supposed to know about the Tournament, yet Sirius and Bill were telling her all about it. Sirius shook his head and sighed. "I think you'll be competing," he answered. "Why would I do that?" Hyacinthe demanded. "I have eternal fame and glory, and I'm plenty rich." "We think someone else will enter you," Bill explained. Hyacinthe's blood ran cold at the announcement. That made perfect sense. With her luck at Hogwarts, it made sense she would be forced to compete in a deadly tournament. " We have a plan," Sirius announced. "What?" " If you are entered into the Tournament," Sirius began, "then you and Bill are bonding. As a newly wed witch, you'll be excused." Hyacinthe bit her lip. Their solution was marriage? She was too young to get married, and she was too young for sex. Her face flushed at the thought. She hadn't even kissed Bill yet, and here Sirius was discussing marriage . "Cin," Bill whispered, drawing Hyacinthe's attention, "it's the only solution." He shook his head. " I'm not willing to risk your safety. While I'm sure you can compete and do fine, I can't loose you." He took a deep breath. "I do want to spend the rest of my life with you." Her face heated at his words and Hyacinthe smiled. "Okay," she whispered, leaning into Bill's side. ... The next day, Hyacinthe boarded the Hogwarts Express. She shared a compartment with Ron, Hermione, and Katie. Sure enough, none of them knew about the Tournament. Hyacinthe said nothing about it. Time at Hogwarts passed quickly. Hyacinthe focused on her classes. In the evening she could call Sirius and Bill on her mirror. She usually spoke to Sirius. When she had the time, Hyacinthe wrote letters to Bill, telling him things about her day. Before she knew it, October came. On the thirtieth, the students of Beauxbatons and the students of Durmstrang arrived. Then Halloween came. ... When Hyacinthe entered the Gryffindor Tower, she rushed passed everyone in the common room and took the steps two at a time. The dorm room was empty. Hyacinthe dove onto her bed and pulled the mirror out from under her pillow. "Sirius!" she called at the mirror. A moment later, her godfather's face appeared in the mirror. "It happened!" Hyacinthe told Sirius before he could even open his mouth. "I'm the fourth Champion." Sirius' face hardened. "We'll be there within the hour," he announced before disappearing. With shaking hands, Hyacinthe dropped the mirror. It was happening. She was bonding with Bill tonight. As Hyacinthe took a few deep breaths, the door opened and Hermione entered the dorm. "Ron's mad," Hermione said, taking a seat next to Hyacinthe. "It'll just get worse," Hyacinthe said, shaking her head. Once he found out she was his eldest brother's soulmate, his head was going to explode. Hermione looked at her friend. "I met my soulmate," Hyacinthe announced as she hopped off of her bed. She pulled out her wand. A few charms later, her belongings were packing themselves into her . "Congratulations!" Hermione said. "Thanks," Hyacinthe said with a tight smile. "We're bonding. Tonight." Hermione's eyes widened. Hyacinthe's shook her head. "It's the only way to get me out of the Tournament." "Am I invited?" Hermione asked. A gentle smile crossed Hyacinthe face. "Of course," she replied. This fanfiction story is a part of The Halloween Collection , which is a collection of unrelated ficlets, oneshots, and full-length fanfiction stories that are all related to a Halloween-themed word prompt, which is listed at the end of each story. Type: Full-length - Eight chapters Prompts: Beads, candy corns, crystal balls, masks, and pumpkins. The Halloween Collection of 2015 One: Accord de le Destin (general) Two: Her Niece and His Goddaughter (general) Three: Love on Her Arm (Bill Weasley/Hyacinthe Potter) Four: Of Flames and Snow (Jon Snow/Hedera Waters) [Crossover with Game of Thrones and A Song of Fire and Ice ] Five: A Tale of Two Lilies (general) Six: Bonds of Family (general) Seven: Just a Glance (Jacob Black/Heather Potter) [Crossover with Twilight ] Eight: Shine Bright (Danny Williams/Helene Potter) [Crossover with Hawaii Five-0 ] Nine: Whispered Conversations (Ron Weasley/Helenium Potter) Ten: Emmett Cullen: Triwizard Champion (Emmett Cullen/Roselia Hale, Harry is Emmett) [Crossover with Twilight ] Eleven: Enchanting (Abraxas Malfoy/Halesia Potter) Twelve: Eclipsed (Tom Riddle/Heliconia Peverell) Thirteen: Silent Symphony (general)