let out a soft groan as she woke up in her dark cupboard. She tried to remember what happened before a soft hissing sound came from under her cot. She suddenly remembered the zoo trip then the snake and the beating afterwards. She shivered as she realized that she still didn't have a shirt on. She felt mortified that her Uncle actually took her shirt off to beat her. He had never done that before. "Hatchling," came the soft hissing again as she hurried pulled on an old shirt. " Snake?" she hissed back softly before she was joined on her bed by the snake. She could see that its eyes laminated in the darkness and wondered why they did that. " You're finally awake. It has been three moons," it hissed out as it curled itself in the heated spot she had moved from when she sat up. " Three moons?" she hissed back softly before gasping. She was unconscious for three days?! " Yes. Three moons hatchling," it confirmed as it flicked its tongue at her, "I was worried that would not wake up. I have been under this thing the whole time." She nodded towards the snake before biting her lip. "If you don't mind me asking are you male or female and do you have a name?" She asked softly as she looked at her lap. She heard a soft hissing chuckle before getting her answer, "I am male hatchling and I go by the name of Anu." " It's nice to meet you Anu. I would tell you my name, but I don't know it. They call me girl and freak. I was hoping that I would get a proper name when I went to school, but they never sent me. I had to learn to read, write, and talk myself," she admitted softly. She was glad that she could get it off of her chest to someone. She left out the part where she couldn't even spell correctly or pronounce words correctly if she had to read them aloud. Everyone else she told either went away not to be heard of again or ignored her. The snake slithered up her body and wrapped itself around her like a hug again. " I will take care of you, hatchling. You are mine now. I claim you," the snake hissed as its tongue flickered against her cheek softly. She smiled and hugged the snaked gently with a soft hiss of thanks. The snaked hissed nothing audible and slithered under the bed just in time for her cupboard door to bang open. "Girl get up and make breakfast! I'm sick and tired of you laying around while the rest of us do everything," Vernon yelled as he grabbed her and pulled her out of the cupboard harshly. She landed sprawled on the floor before quickly getting up and running to the kitchen. She quickly made breakfast and was given a stale piece of bread and half a glass of water. As she finished the water and bread the sounds of the mail shoot opened and the soft noise of paper hitting the floor was heard. "Go get the mail girl!" Vernon yelled at her as he ate his meal. She nodded and passed Dudley as the boy made his way to his chair. Her Aunt, she assumed, was still asleep as she always did on a Saturday. She grabbed the mail and looked through it like usual, but stopped when she saw a thick envelope with what she assumed was her name on it as it didn't have Dudley, Petunia, or Vernon on it. She quickly shoved the envelope through the vent of the cupboard before making her way with the rest of the mail to her Uncle. She was yelled at to stay in her room for the remainder of the day which she was fine with. It gave her time to look at the letter she had gotten. She closed the door of her cupboard after getting in and quickly turned the only small source of light she had on so she could see the letter. She picked it up and read the front of it, Artemis Jane Potter #4 Privit Drive, Little Whinging, Surry Cupboard Under the Stairs. She looked shocked as she read it since it had her room on it. She wondered why nobody had helped her since they obviously knew where she stayed. She opened the letter and read the rest of it amazed. She finally had gotten the answered as to why her family had thought of her as a freak. She ran her hand through her slightly curled black hair as she penned her response on the back of the first sheet in the envelope. Dear Professor, I wood be glad to atend the skool, but unforchoonatelly I do not know of this Hogwarts. Can you send sum one to talk to my family? Thanc Yoo, Artemis. She took a deep breath before re-reading the letter on how to return her response. She saw the part about the owl before sneaking outside. She hummed softly before biting her lip. She wondered how she could get an owl to send her letter. Artemis looked up as she heard a soft hooting. She saw a small barn owl sitting on the fence. "Hello," she said softly as she approached it hesitantly, "Are you here for my letter?" The owl hooted and stuck its leg out where a piece of twine was tied around the leg. She smiled and nodded as she tied the letter and watched as the owl flew away with her response. She took a deep breath before making back inside and into her room just in time for Vernon to come around the corner and walk upstairs. She let out a breath she didn't know she was holding before crawling onto her cot. She smiled as she began hissing softly to her new friend Anu about the letter.