appear to fall on deaf ears. "It's not like you've never come into the common room before, and you've eaten with us at the Puff table," points out Graham helpfully. "Yes, but that was for special occasions, like at in the Christmas holidays when the common room and table are basically empty anyway!" I growl. It is not as bad as I expect; none of the Hufflepuffs seem to give a toss whether I sit with them or eat with them. Admittedly Graham and Abi sit on either side of me at dinner, so if any of their housemates aim to fastidiously avoid sitting next to me I wouldn't notice, but nevertheless the badger territory seems a good deal more laid back that the Slytherin Common room, which I avoid at all costs. They succeed in lifting my low mood for several hours, laughing and teasing each other and me, and by the time I slip away to bed, just before curfew, it actually feels like things might be going to be all okay in the end. When I wake up in the morning, it is 5:30am and the low, sunken feeling has taken hold of me again, and I am aware that if I don't get up and start moving I may start to cry. I still haven't got the hang of that muffliato charm I paid Lily Potter to try and teach me- worst three sickles I ever spent- so the last thing I want is for Alyson, Brenda, Zoe or Dahlia to wake up and overhear my snuffling. I dress as quietly as I can, and grab my Lightening 650. I am creeping out of the dorm room within 15 minutes. Thanking my stars that my common room is only five minutes from the viaduct entrance, I reach the large wooden doors. They are partially open, a precaution I discovered in Hogwarts: A History which is considered necessary for evacuation in case of magical catastrophe. The viaduct, a large stone bridge, stretches away in front of me, but I don't bother to cross it. Instead, I kick off on my broom, and within seconds I am floating amongst the rooftops. This is what life is really about. I start off with a few simple flips, focussing on the points of contact, or rather, what would be contact if I were doing a cartwheel on the ground rather than a flip on a broom in the air: nose down, brush up and over, brush down, and bounce. I then allow myself to become a little more adventurous, gripping the broom with only one hand and one ankle hooked around it, and using the other two limbs to create enough momentum to swing myself right around underneath the broom and back up again, so I finish sitting astride it. These tricks are easy- I had them mastered by the time I was 14 years old- and the almost effortless success gives me the rush I need to work up the courage to do what I have been meaning to do for a while. I manage to manoeuvre myself, with slightly shaking legs, into a standing position on the broom. My balance is fair, but the broomstick is narrow and rounded, so it is hard to stay upright. Nevertheless, I manage to straighten my legs, spread my arms wide, and jump. Air rushes past me as I plummets downwards, blinding me, crushing me, possessing me. Somewhere I hear a strangled cry, although I don't remember opening my mouth. Then, with a sudden oof the wind is knocked out of me as the Lightening 650 catches me, swaying downwards under the force of me, but sturdy and dependable. I clutch at it, relieved. The Lightening 650 is not only the top broom for reacting to magically extended willpower (something easily achieved if one only follows the instructions in the accompanying manual) as well as simple touch; it also has an entirely new safety feature. It senses body heat and magical resonance which is emitted from every witch and wizard- a relatively new discovery- and is programmed to follow it and sense whether or not the body which mounted it is still riding it. The upshot of all this is, it can tell if you've fallen of, works out where you are, and follows you faster that you can fall to slip underneath you and catch you before you have fallen more than a few feet. Something to do with the shape of the magical resonance means it can work out exactly the right position to slip into so it lands between your legs (snigger snigger) and you are able to grab onto it. This is all very nice, and useful for quidditch games which you anticipate becoming a little rough, but my interest in it lies in the way this feature can be manipulated to perform a rather impressive stunt. Personally, I call it "The Suicide." Winded and breathless, but triumphant, I guide my faithful Lightening towards the roofs, now slightly above me as a result of my intentional tumble. I need somewhere to sit down, and despite the cushioning charm on my broom, my bum cheeks are starting to ache. I aim for a favourite spot of mine, a wide windowsill of a boarded up window, hooded by a sort of extra bit of roof- it is somewhat like a gable, but the window is set back inside it, leaving something similar to a mini porch. I store apples and a blanket in one corner, and often sit in it when I need a rest after a vigorous session of broom stunts. Quite possibly climbing on the school roof is banned- I have certainly never seen anyone else do it- but I have never bothered to find out. This bold claim, that I have never seen anyone else climbing the Hogwarts roofs, is shattered some thirty seconds later when I arrive at my little hideout, and find it already occupied.