to-" "I know," Fred said. He seemed perfectly fine now, all he needed was a proper goodbye, "Have you seen Harry?" he asked James, who bit his lip "Why?" Remus asked, and Fred shook his head, his hand flying to his hair. "Nobody can find him," he said worriedly, "And they're all going mad, especially after what Ol' Voldy said," he said, gesturing to the ceiling, and they all nodded. Fred looked them for a second before crossing his arms, "Alright, what aren't you telling me?" he asked, and Sirius chuckled "We know where Harry is," Sirius said, and Fred's eyes widened. "He went, didn't he?" Fred asked, and they nodded solemnly, "Shit," he said, but Sirius put his arm around Fred's shoulders "Let me explain," Sirius said, leading Fred away from them. "Remus?" they turned around to see a woman standing there, and Lily nudged James; Nymphadora Tonks. "Dora," Remus said, and she cried out before throwing herself into his arms, wrapping her arms around his neck. "I thought I'd never see you again!" she sobbed, "I watched him kill you," she continued, and Remus stroked her hair soothingly, "And Teddy! He's at home, he has nobody," she continued, and Remus shook his head "He'll be okay with Andromeda," Remus said, and Tonks nodded, "And there's always the Weasley's, who'll look after him, and Hermione, and Harry," he said, and Tonks nodded "Smart decision," she said, and Remus chuckled, "You're right, he's the best choice" "For what?" Lily asked curiously, and Tonks jumped. She looked over and clapped her hand over her mouth "Lily? Lily Evans?" she asked, "I mean, Potter?" she corrected herself, and Lily smiled and nodded. She looked over at James and her eyebrows raised, "He does look like you," she mused, and Remus chuckled. "Lily, James, this is Nymphadora Tonks, my wife," he grinned, and Tonks shook hands with them. "I was just saying, it was a good decision to make Harry godfather," she said, and James started to cough. "Harry's your son's godfather?" eh asked, looking at Remus, who flushed and nodded "No-one better," Remus said, and the Potters grinned. "Harry Potter is dead." Voldemorts voice echoed through the Great Hall. James looked around and saw the faces of shock, and pain, and anger in response to those words. He saw the Weasleys start to shake their heads, and Molly Weasley burst into tears once more. Ginny Weasley, Lily noticed, seemed frozen. "He was killed as he ran away, trying to save himself while you lay down your lives for him." James looked towards the forest furiously, as did Lily and Remus, while they heard Sirius swear loudly. Lily looked quickly around at the people and was relieved to see that not one of them looked as if they believed Voldemort. "We bring you his body as proof that your hero is gone. The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. My Death Eaters outnumber you and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman or child, will be slaughtered, as will every member of their family. Come out of the castle, now, kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your brothers and sisters will live, and be forgiven, and you will join me in the new world we shall build together." There was a silence inside the castle and they watched in awe as people began to stand up, and say goodbye to their loved ones. Lily watched as Ginny hugged her mother. She took a step closer in order to listen to what they were talking about. "Ginny! No! Go, please, go hide," Molly begged "Mum! They killed him!" Ginny hissed, her eyes filled with tears and a determined expression on her face. "He wouldn't want you to die," Molly began, but Ginny cut her off with a glare, "Sweetheart I cant lose you," Molly said "I can't live without knowing I fought him for this," Ginny said, and Molly looked down at her daughter, before brushing her hair back and kissing her forehead. Lily wiped her eyes and walked back over to James, hugging him closely. "I can't look at his dead body," she whispered, to him, as Remus explained to Tonks what had happened. Sirius made their way over to them as Fred went back to his family. "He's not dead Lily," Sirius said, and Lily nodded. "NO!" they jumped and Lily felt her heart clench. She had never heard McGonagall make such a noise. She heard the people calling out to her son, who was not responding. She watched him closely and saw, relieved, that his eyes were slightly open, and he was peeking, looking around to see what was happening. James put his arm around her shoulders, noticing the same thing. "He did that when he was a baby," James whispered, and Lily giggled, remembering how Harry used to pretend he was asleep, and look around to make sure they were gone. "He's all grown up," she whispered, watching as none of Voldemorts spells could silence the angry crowd. She watched as he tortured Neville Longbottom, and how he broke that and killed the great snake wrapped around Voldemorts shoulders. In everyone's haste, she noticed how nobody saw Harry pull out his invisibility cloak and disappear under it. Only the dead. They watched as Harry Potter cast a shield charm between Molly Weasley and Voldemort. They watched as Harry Potter and Voldemort began to circle each other. They watched as Harry Potter defeated Voldemort. They watched as Voldemorts body, fell backwards, and with a final thump, they watched the end of Voldemort. They watched as the crowd, after a heartbeat, threw themselves at Harry Potter. Lily, James, Sirius, Remus, Tonks and Fred made their way over to the mass, and watched as everyone tried to touch him. The reason it was all over Harry Potter. The Boy Who Lived