tears as she first hugged Ginny and then Harry. The rest of their friends and family closed in around them and they all shared a half hour filled with congratulations towards Harry and Ginny. News that Harry Potter was now engaged spread like wildfire throughout the wizarding world. It took Harry and his party 20 minutes to get through the doors to the Leaky Cauldron private room where Harry was hosting a party to celebrate. Harry, the Weasley's, Hermione, her parents, Neville, his grandmother, Hannah, Luna, Luna's boyfriend Rolf Scamander, Dean, and Seamus all crowded in to celebrate what would be a wonderful reunion for all of them. Following the dinner party, Harry went back to the burrow with the Weasley's, planning to stay the night. While they sat around the sitting room talking, Bill stood up and said "Harry, could I have a word with you outside." Harry knew this was coming. He kindly obliged and went to go for a walk with Bill. Much to his dismay, every Weasley boy stood up to join them. Mrs. Weasley let out a quick giggle, and sensing Harry's nervousness, she said "Don't be afraid Harry dear, you haven't done anything wrong." "Yet" Charlie added; they all had a good laugh before exiting the house into the garden. Bill was staring at Harry as they all sat around the garden table. He had a wide grin spread across his face, but Harry knew he meant every word he was about to say. At last, he broke the silence. "You know why we wanted to talk to you Harry, so I'll just get right to it." Bill started. "Ginny is our only baby sister, and if you even consider doing anything that would hurt her in any way, you'll have to answer to all of us." All of the boys nodded in agreement and Charlie added with a laugh "I might even reunite you and our Hungarian Horntail in Romania." Harry laughed and replied "If I do anything to cause Ginny any pain at all, I'll feed myself to him. I love Ginny more than anything in this world and hurting her word do more damage to my heart than hers." "Good answer, now lets get back inside before Ginny starts worrying that we did anything to you." Percy added. "Everyone wait for a second" George said. "I haven't told anyone yet but I've invented a new fake injury wheeze that gives the consumer a bloody nose, black eye, and some bruises here and there. What to you guys say about having a little fun with Ginny and giving one to Harry before we go back inside? All of the boys were on board with the idea and after Harry took the wheeze he looked as if the Weasley boys had knocked some serious sense into him. When all of the boys entered the house, Harry stayed in the kitchen as the Weasleys filed into the sitting room, all of them trying their hardest to suppress their laughter. When Ginny didn't see Harry walk in after them, she yelled "Where's Harry?!" Bill, managing to keep a straight face, replied "He's in the kitchen." Charlie added "Cleaning himself up" and he glanced around at all of his brothers, a devilish smile coming over his face. "What's that supposed to mean" Ginny shot back as she made her way to the kitchen. As Ginny entered, she say Harry's fake black eye and bloody nose. Ginny lost it. She ran back into the sitting room and cast a full power bat bogey hex on Charlie screaming "That's my fiancé you twat!" Ginny's anger slowly subsided as she saw the rest of her brothers howling with laughter. "What's going on?" she demanded. As she saw George hold up a wheeze she realized what was going on and joined in on the laughter. At the same moment, Harry walked back into the room, no bruises or blood anywhere on his body. "I hate you all so much!" Ginny screamed jokingly as she walked over to Harry and put her arms around his neck. Harry smiled and whispered in her ear "I love you more than you can imagine Ginny, but the opportunity was too good to pass up on." Ginny smiled and her eyes blazed with passionate love as she brought Harry in and kissed him with all of her might. Harry responded with equal passion. The newly engaged couple finally pulled apart when Ron called out "Oi! I know you're my best mate, but you can't go snogging my sister in front of all of us." Harry and Ginny laughed as their lips unlocked and they stood there for a moment, arm in arm, eyes locked, just smiling. Ginny took Harry's hand and led him up to her room where they made some great memories together before they passed out from exhaustion. It was one of those remember forever days for the both of them. June 26 Harry woke up the next morning at The Burrow snuggled nice and close to Ginny. Harry leaned over and softly kissed Ginny, who smiled but didn't open her eyes. "I think you need to kiss me again, just to make sure I'm awake." Ginny joked, her eyes still closed. "Just to be sure" Harry replied with a laugh as he passionately kissed her. Harry and Ginny dressed and went downstairs where they were greeted and treated to breakfast by the rest of the family. Mr. Weasley left a copy of The Daily Prophet on the table with the headline "Potter Engaged" on the top of the front page. Harry and Ginny had a laugh as they read through the Prophet's not so accurate retelling of the proposal. After an enjoyable breakfast, the newly engaged couple went into the sitting room with Mrs. Weasley and began to plan the wedding. The planning session took until lunchtime, and they decided the big day was going to be August 11th, Ginny's 18th birthday.