his chest as he nuzzled his nose in their hair. Scorpius has Draco's hair and milky skin tone but he was gifted with Harry's glowing green eyes. On contrary, Albus has Harry's gorgeous sun kissed skin with the messy black hair and Draco's stunning silver eyes. "Yesh plewse!" the boy with the sun-kissed skin says giving Draco a toothy grin. The blonde chuckles and kisses them again "Go wake Daddy up for me, please?" he says putting the twins down on the ground. They beam at him and nod their heads running off upstairs, screaming "Dwaddy! Dwaddy!" "Dwaddy! Dwaddy!" the boys giggle climbing up on the bed where a tall sun kissed man was sleeping, shirtless. The man grumbles, his face hidden in the pillows as the two babies sat on his back, Albus sucking on his thumb and Scorpius laying flatly on his belly, resting his chubby cheeks on his daddy's back. "Wakky, wakky dwaddy!" Harry smiles in the pillow and brings his hands back, grabbing his twins and flipping them over. They giggled as Harry tucked them under his chest and laid on top of them "You can sleep with me" he says in his morning rusty voice giving them each a lazy kiss. "Mowwy calling" Albus says swinging his arms in the air and Harry rubs his chin on the child's chubby naked belly with his unshaved beard, tickling him. Albus laughs loudly and Scorpius snuggles closer to Harry "Mw too!" and how could Harry resist saying no to such an adorable request. " Harry! Come down! Bring the kids too, breakfast is almost ready" Draco's voice follows up to the bedroom and sits up on the bed "Better not make Mommy angry then" he says grinning and scooping up his twins in his hands. "Did you wake Jamie up?" he asked them and they shook their heads at him "Alright let's go to Jamie's room then" Harry says walking out of his room. "Jawie! Jawie!" Little Scorpius cheered clapping his hands and Harry smiled as he opened the door of James room. He turns on the lights earning a grumbling sound from his seven year old son "James wake up" Harry says walking towards his bed. James yawns and forces himself to sit up "Jawie! Jawie!" Scorpius called out to him leaning his hands down, demanding to be held by his older brother. James yawns again and rubs his hand through his light brown hair. Getting off the beds he grabs Scorpius from his dad's arms "Morning Scorpius" he smiles kissing his cheek making the baby giggle "Morning Albus" he adds and then kisses his cheek too. "Be quick Jamie" Harry says as the boy heads towards the washroom holding Scorpius in his arms. Harry walks out his son's room and heads towards the washroom "Albus did you brush your teeth today?" The baby shakes his head and Harry chuckles "Alright, let's do that then" Its ten minutes after Harry finally walks down to the kitchen. Draco turns to look at him, a gentle smile falling on his lips immediately. "Hey" Harry says softly and then leaning forward to capture Draco's lips in a short kiss. "Morning" Draco answers flipping the pancakes as Harry settles Albus on the baby chair and buckling him up tightly. He comes to hug Draco from the back "I love you so much" Harry tells him kissing the side of his cheek. Draco hums "What do you want Harry?" he says, pressing the flat spatula on the pancakes. Harry gives his husband a mocking gasp "Why do you say that?" and Draco rolls his eyes with a smile playing on his lips. "Because darling " Draco says turning his head to kiss his nose "you are using that way too extra nice tone again" Harry chuckles, he places his hands on Draco's belly "I want a baby girl" he says quietly. Draco stiffs under his touch and he turns to give Harry a 'are you crazy' look. "Harry, Al and Scorp are still two" Draco says looking back at the pancake and flipping them on a plate. He takes the material from the counter and pouring it on the pan to make another. "So?" Harry says looking at Draco, giving him the big green puppy eyes "Come one Draco, please?" Draco absolutely hates yet adores that look, his heart melts every time and he can't say no anymore. So he sighs and looks back at the pan "Fine" he agrees and Harry squeezes him tightly "I love you so much" he says kissing his cheek and then biting his ear. "Ouch!" Draco says as he means to play along but then he hears loud screams and turns to see Albus crying. "Oh, my baby what's wrong!?" Draco says giving the spatula to Harry and running towards his son. He picks Albus up in his arms "Bwd dwaddy! No hwtring Mowwy!" the baby boy says with the biggest pout on his lips and large wet eyes as he hits Harry on the shoulder then leaning to give a big kiss on Draco's cheek. Harry blinks and Draco burst into laughing "Brat, Alpha" he says flatly and Draco laughs more. Yes. Draco has learned to love himself now but he loves Harry just a bit more and his pups of course. Hello guys, thanks for reading this story. My French is very weak, I can only speak a few words so I had to use google translate for most of the words. Hope they made sense. I hope you guys liked the story, if so then please write your thoughts and review. I started writing this story since I wrote Notice Me but I finished that one before this. Though, thankfully I finally got the time to complete this. Finally, I wanted to write a story about an Omega Draco since most of other fanfics are Omega Harry. Just wanted to do something different. Anyways, please comment ~ Thank you for reading :)