doing. "Come on!" Luna laughed yet again while dragged into the small store, her nose filling with the sweet smell of butterbeer and candies. Once they had bought their beverages, they set off to Quality Quidditch Supplies. Sure enough, Ginny, Harry, and Ron were crowded around the newest set of gear: bracers, shin guards, gloves, and shoulder pads. Hermione and Luna quickly finished up their drinks before entering. I should save up to buy Ron the set , Hermione thought. "Hello, everyone." Luna greeted the three quidditch lovers again. "Luna! Hermione!" Harry waved them over. "'Mione, they just put out this brand new gear set! It's dragon-hide and everything! I only hope Mum and Dad give it to me for Christmas…" Ron chattered excitedly to Hermione. "We'll see," she replied, giving him a small smile. He gave her a fast hug and asked if she and Luna had eaten lunch. She replied no, they hadn't. Turns out the Weasleys and Harry had been so caught up with quidditch things, they hadn't eaten either. "Wonderful! We can all eat at Rosa Lee Teabag's. I've heard it's quite good," chimed Luna. "Yes, well. After we buy our school things, I suppose we can get lunch." "Aw, Hermione! Why don't we go eat now, and then we get our books?" Ron whined. Hermione rolled her eyes and quickly obliged to them. She discreetly checked the pricing of the quidditch gear and sighed. They were much too expensive for her to buy then, especially if she needed to buy her Hogwarts supplies. She hoped spending her money on those bracers would be worth it in the end. Once the day was over, and all supplies were bought, and all food was eaten, the five Hogwarts students departed from Luna at the Leaky Cauldron. "Goodbye, Luna!" Each person said their goodbyes to the girl, and when it was Hermione's turn Luna had a word of her own to say. Furtively, of course. "I'm a figurative elephant, Hermione. I won't forget what happened," she whispered. "I'll see you at school, but until then-" she gave Hermione a big hug- "I'll miss you!" She stepped back and waved to the others before they apparated away. Hermione hesitated just long enough to see Luna wink and grin widely at her. The tugging at her gut put her in front of the Burrow surrounded by her friends. "Hermione," Ginny demanded, "upstairs, now." Hermione obediently followed Ginny. "Gin, what's this about?" "What happened at Madame Malkin's?" "Oh. Well, when Luna and I walked into the shop, Malfoy and his horrible father were inside." Ginny gasped. "What did Malfoy say?" Hermione recounted what had happened in the store, excluding the parts she had thought (or said) she found the younger Malfoy attractive. "So… He really defended you? Actually, in real life?" "Yeah, Gin. I was as surprised as you are." "Okay. Why the bloody hell didn't you tell us you're Head Girl?" "I didn't want the attention, all right?" Ginny nodded and sighed. "Whatever. I'm so proud of you!" She leaned across the bed they were sitting on and gave Hermione a big hug. "You should tell the boys. They'd be furious if you didn't tell." "Yes, I know. I'll tell everyone at dinner, how about that?" "Perfect! Mum and Dad will be so proud." Hermione felt like she was part of a family again. An hour after the food had been eaten, Hermione addressed the family. "As you all know," she started. "We're going back to Hogwarts." She gestured at herself, then at Ginny, Harry, and Ron. "We got our letters yesterday, and… And I'm Head Girl." "Merlin's beard!" Ron exclaimed. "'Mione, that's wonderful." He kissed her briefly, though something about it felt wrong and that scared her. Perhaps gushing about Malfoy to Luna and then talking about him more took a toll on her emotional state. "That's wonderful, Hermione!" Molly hugged her tightly. "This calls for celebration." "Oh, no, Molly- I can't, really." "Mum, lay off of the poor girl," Ginny laughed. "Of course, of course. Sorry, Dear." Molly kissed her cheek. Arthur stood and hugged Hermione briefly. "Congratulations, Hermione. I'm… I'm very proud of you." He smiled warmly at her. Harry questioned, "'Mione, do you know who the Head Boy is?" Hermione glanced towards Ginny and shook her head, "Sorry, Harry. I don't," she lied. He looked a little down by the fact she didn't (did) know. Suddenly, Hermione yawned. "Well, I'm awfully exhausted suddenly, so I guess I'll be off to bed. I love you all, and I'll see you in the morning! Goodnight." "Goodnight!" they chorused. Hermione darted upstairs and was ready for bed in record time. She collapsed on her bed and almost instantly fell asleep, only to dream of a certain blond ferret which weaseled its way into her dreams. More like nightmares. Long time, no see, am I right? Here's the first chapter of this story, Wouldn't It Be Nice . Yes, if you hadn't guessed, I got this idea from the song "Wouldn't It Be Nice" by the Beach Boyz. Obviously, none of the lyrics were inside of the chapter and I like to keep it that way unless it's a part of dialogue. :) Please review and tell me what you think! A fair warning, though... I start school in exactly a month and I have a bit (a lot) of summer homework to do (YAY procrastination!) but I'll be doing as much of this as I can in my free time! In bed! At night! Plus, it kills me to write chapters that Draco and Hermione aren't together... That's going to come soon, I promise! I can guarantee that I am absolutely in love with my idea and I definitely intend to finish this one. (Sorry about my other story..) But my best friend did tell me, "Once you go to Dramione... You never really go back." Again, tell me what you think, whether it be good or bad! -fotc