voice whispered in his blankets. Harry pursed his lips and his eyes narrowed into slits. He slowly looked at Ron and Neville, noting that they were both fast asleep. "Harry, you're awake, aren't you? I can feel your heart beating faster." Harry's brow twitched. "Draco, get the fuck off me. This is damn awkward!" "Shh, they might hear." From the way Draco sounded, and the two mounds pressing against Harry's chest, he was definitely a she right now. "Meet me at the corridors downstairs – near the girls' bathroom." Harry didn't get a chance to respond before he saw Draco's silhouette dashing out of the room. He rubbed his head, squinting his eyes. "He's going to give me a headache." Harry wasn't happy at being woken up in the earliest hours of the morning with a gender-bending lunatic, but it's not like he could help the situation. "I should have never let him learn that," he gritted. He found Draco near the girls' bathroom, staring into the courtyard distractedly. Harry smacked his face. "I really shouldn't have let you learn that." Harry pointed an accusatory finger at the blonde. "Why the hell are you wearing that. " Draco was a girl alright, and was wearing a not so modest nightgown. She briefly glanced at him. "If you going to act like that, should I remind you of-" "No! No! Never mind!" Harry dismissed hastily, sighing in frustration. "Dude-" "I'm a girl, Harry." "Fuck, whatever! Why are calling me here now. " "Why do you think, you moron! We have to talk!" "Can't we do this tomorrow?" "It is tomorrow." "I don't need a smartarse! I'm exhausted!" "Well, anyway, is it still the same plan?" "Of course it is. Why?" Draco eyed him, worry visible in her baby blue eyes. "For starters, you die." "Does it really bother you that much? I mean, we've done this many times." "Exactly, many times. Do you think it will change anything this time?" Harry paused, thinking. "I don't see why not." "I do. You die, Harry." "Yeah, so what? If you ca-" "That's not okay, Harry. You can't just shrug it off like its nothing." Harry sighed, rubbing his head. "Okay, fine, we'll shake things up. But don't come crying to me when we both die." "Dying together isn't bad. Watching you die is far worse." Harry gave Draco a disbelieving look. "Okay, seriously, you have got stop this gender-bending business. You're confusing the hell out of me lately." Draco faced him fully, the nightgown she wore showed off a little of the lingerie underneath. "Scratch that, you creeping me out." How on earth Draco was able to sneak around in that, would always escape him. "What's the problem?" She stretched a bit, showing off more cleavage. "I'm a hundred percent girl at this moment. We proved it." Harry turned his head away and pinched the bridge of his nose, exasperated. " Don't remind me. I still have nightmares about it." Draco shrugged. "So who do we start with?" "Who do you think? We need Fleur first." "But I hate that 'Oh I'm a Veela and no one really loves me' attention seeking bitch. She's such a drama queen." "You've got any better ideas?" "Cho." "Fuck no!" "Oh come on , you liked her here, right? I promise I won't get jealous." "She'd blow up in the next second, you idiot!" Draco collected herself, frowning. "Oh yeah…that was really bad." Harry huffed. "In any case, we still have two days left. So time is running out. If worse comes to worse, though, I am beating the shit out of Dumbledore. Fuck the world." "… Testy." "I'm cranky in the morning, sue me." "I've got other ideas in mind to ease that." She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively. "… You know something? You're a freaking pervert when you're a girl." Draco shrugged, taking the accusation in stride. "I think it's these hormones." "Whatever, I'm going to bed." "Already? You suck." "No, you suck." "… Suck what? Hehehe~" "Fuck! I did not need that image, bitch!" "You thought it, not me. It isn't my fault that you have a naughty mind… or maybe it is?" Harry groaned, walking away from Draco. "Two days, Fleur. Today, nothing. Don't cause too much of a scene. People are already suspicious of us after yesterday." "Why should they be, though? It's not like we're imposters or anything. Sure, we're a bit different." "Just don't do anything crazy. Like walking around in that ." "Fine, fine. See you later." "Right." "And Harry?" "What?" "Love you too." "Oh my God, you freak! Stop it!" If you're confused and wondering what the hell did you just read, don't worry, almost everyone else who read this is on the same boat as you . Actually, I already know how the rest of the story goes, and perhaps things will make a little more sense to you with additional chapters. Just ask and you shall receive, okay? ;) Also a hint: Keep it firmly in mind that time travel is a dominant theme in this story. If you don't, the next few chapters (which I might post if I get enough reviews) will STILL confuse the hell out of you. Come on, you know you want more. Don't you want to find out why Harry and Draco are like that? It didn't just happen out of the blue, you know (whoops, I gave that away). I question why I even wrote such a messed up fic. But I don't know, I just felt like testing how crazy I can make the Potterverse. It actually disturbed me on how fluid I could write this. Don't even know what to call Draco and Harry's relationship (Slash- ish ?). Well, in any case, I just felt like writing something weird yet thought provoking. I have no idea if I'll continue this or leave it as it is. I guess that's all up to you. Until next time, people, PEACE!