they heard was a great rip as both shirts tore down the back. Harry was facing away from Malfoy after the roll, but quickly turned to face his opponent again. Malfoy was just staring at him in confusion. "What the hell?" His low, angry voice penetrated Harry's anger as he scrambled to understand this new attack. "What happened to your back, Potter?" Harry's rage flew again. So much so, that his next words were clearly spoken without thought. "A testament of the 'pampering' I received at home for the last thirteen years. That's what happened to my back!" Malfoy paled slightly as Harry screamed at him roughly. That made Harry's mind catch up with his mouth. Shit ! He gritted his teeth and looked away. "What the hell do you care?" "I don't!" The response was quick and probably automatic. Harry had been expecting it. He knew people didn't care about this. Most of the time he had deserved it anyway. "Why?" Harry looked at the confused Slytherin in front of him. "You want a blow by blow of my wrong-doings for each punishment?" He spat at the blond sarcastically. Malfoy frowned as he flinched. He sat back down. "Why would the Boy Who Lived have those scars?" He question was still sneering, but less combative. Harry figured the question was rhetorical. "I hate that name." He was muttering to himself as Malfoy's eyes widened. Harry sighed looking at his robe. "Its stupid. I'm a boy and I'm still alive so I obviously lived." He growled as Malfoy rolled his eyes slightly. Harry looked away. "Plus its referring to the one event that took my chance at a family away. Why the hell would I want to be reminded of that?" Malfoy looked at him in amazement. Draco hadn't thought about it that way. Every time someone called Harry the Boy Who Lived, they were reminding him of his parents death. And the scars on his back didn't say much for his home life now. He turned away from Harry slightly, letting the other boy see his own back. It was also littered with scars, though none as bad as Harry's. He heard Harry's soft gasp. "My father doesn't like it when his principles are questioned. We are Malfoys. We follow the Dark Lord and practice Dark Magic." Draco's line was spit out in disgust. He looked back up, locking eyes with Harry. "This was my punishment for wanting to remain neutral." Harry's eyes widened as he took in what Draco was saying, letting earlier comments snap into place. "I don't fight Him, because I'm Gryffindor, or the Golden Boy or whoever. I fight Him because if I don't He will hurt people I care about. And because He ' s trying to kill me ." Draco stared at him, seemingly lost in thought. Harry shivered and rose, going to his robe. It wasn't quite warm enough to be out without any shirt on, and his previous shirt was in rags hanging by the collar. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Draco do similar. They silently walked into the castle. They got about five steps into the castle when they met with a mildly scary sight. Their Potions Master had his arms crossed. "It is past curfew, boys. Is there a reason you were on the grounds past curfew. And are covered in mud and without your shirts?" His mild rebuke made both boys flush. They had pulled their robes closed, they were still covered in mud. They weren't even aware it was after curfew. "Well, sir...Y-you see I-I-I slipped and th-then Malfoy here, he-" Harry's stuttered response was interrupted by Draco. "What Potter is trying to stutter out is that we encountered a series of unexpected and irritating accidents, leaving us lacking in our appearance." His tone was perfectly modulated into what Ron usually referred to as his pureblood voice. He had also managed to explain their appearance, tardiness and discomfort without actually explaining anything at all. A true Slytherin there. "Five points from each house for being out twenty minutes past curfew." Snape didn't seem to believe Draco's explanation wholly, but seemed to be letting it go. He turned them both towards the hallway and marched them towards the great hall. He met up with McGonagall there. "Mr Potter, what on earth happened to your uniform young man." He flushed red as Draco repeated their excuse. His head of house didn't look anymore impressed with the excuse then Snape had, but similarly let it go. "I assume you have already removed points for their tardiness to curfew?" Snape nodded curtly at the question directed at him. She looked down at the boys then. "Come Mr Potter I shall escort you back to the common room." Harry automatically stepped forward to go with his head of house. They had only taken a few steps when Draco spoke up. "Potter!" They turned to look at the blonde. "They are not always right." Harry stared at Draco a moment. Then he nodded. "Agreed Malfoy, they are not always right." Draco's eyes lit in understanding as Harry's had a moment earlier. They both nodded and turned away, much to their Professor's confusion and annoyance. He was sure they both were in for some interrogating. He was equally sure neither of them would explain who they were referring to or what exactly had happened. That phrase had given both of them confidence. Guardians are not always right. I couldn't figure out where to break the chapter so... Tell me your thoughts. I have quite a bit of this written that i have to translate into fanfictionese (chapter titles, proofing, ect..) I'll update in a few days. I'm so fucking pissed right now. My apartment was broken into and my netbook was stolen! if you review could you include the name of a really angry rock song for me, i dont know any,but right now i really need one. re-proofed 5/20/13