more intelligent than their Muggle counterparts. Owls, for instance; Muggle owls aren't really the brightest of birds, at least among birds of prey. But of course magical owls are very clever indeed." Hedwig looked annoyed for a moment, then shrugged her shoulders as though conceding the point. "So," she continued, "with Muggle ravens being so very clever, of course magical ravens are even cleverer still." Writing Desk puffed himself up proudly and gave what could only be described as a regal pose, especially considering the hat he was wearing. Harry laughed at the bird. "Now Luna, if you inflate his ego too much, he might explode!" "CAW!" Writing Desk said in a very put-out sort of tone, and went back to playing with the fifty-pence piece. Harry turned and just happened to notice Errol sitting on his bed. "Oh crud, I forgot Ron sent a letter too!" he said, running over to get the letter from Errol's leg. He read the short letter as quick as he could and ran down to the kitchen, Luna – with her raven on her shoulder – following shortly behind. "What's the rush, pup?" "In all the excitement of Writing Desk's company, I forgot Ron wrote to me too. The Burrow!" Harry shouted as he stuck his head in the green flames. "Harry! About time! What took you so long? Did Errol pass out halfway there?" "No, Errol made it here fine. I just got distracted by Luna's raven." "Luna's... raven?" "She and her dad use a raven instead of an owl." Ron chuckled. "That figures. But don't you and she have those two-way mirrors?" "She and Writing Desk – her raven – got into a fight, and he hid her mirror." Ron laughed again. "A raven named Writing Desk, that's classic Luna!" When Ron came through the Floo and finished brushing the soot off himself, he looked up and stood transfixed by the weirdness of Luna and Writing Desk. Sirius barked with laughter. "Close your mouth, Ron, you'll catch flies if you don't!" Ron closed his mouth and blinked at Luna, looking her up and down. "Very colorful," he said at last. "Ah, member of the old religion, I see?" Ron continued, pointing at Luna's earrings. "Yes. What about you, Ron?" "More of a hybrid, really. I guess. I mostly just like Christmas and Easter." "They're very lovely holidays, I agree." "Yeah, plus we get out of school on them." "That too." The three of them, accompanied by Writing Desk, started exploring the house. There were quite a lot of bedrooms, a parlor, a sitting room, a library, a ballroom, and even a dueling room. Ron was especially amazed by the size of the place, with its many levels. Harry was impressed, too, as he hadn't gotten as good a look as he'd wanted to before. Luna gave her raven a ball of yarn to play with when they went into the massive ballroom to run around in. It was an odd thing to give a bird, but he seemed to enjoy it, attacking it with gusto and rolling around with it. The three of them had tea that afternoon, Luna giving Writing Desk his own place setting and tea, casting a cooling charm on the tea so he could drink it without getting hurt. The bird also got a biscuit and half a scone, which he ate with excitement. Sirius, who had been staring at the raven all during tea, got up as tea was ending to sit next to the bird and look right at it. The bird stared back in annoyance. "Say 'nevermore,'" Sirius told it. "HAR HAR HAR!" quoth the raven, sounding very peevish. Sirius laughed. "Worth a try, anyway!" They ended up staying for dinner, too. Kreacher made steak and kidney pie. Harry thought about using hot sauce, but didn't want to risk offending the elf, so he didn't. For desert they had black pudding and leftover biscuits from tea. Harry was a little sad when they went back home, but he was looking forward to tomorrow when Hermione and Antigone would show up, and he had lots of fun today, so he fell asleep to pleasant dreams. Endnote: The character of Writing Desk AKA Edward, etc the raven came about by accident. I forgot about the two-way mirror for several minutes, and decided the Lovegoods would use a raven instead of an owl, and it just kinda snowballed from there. But I like him, I'm keeping him. I've been ashamed of the diminishing amount of humor in this fic lately, so I'm glad to say I've started making up for that here. :-D And what better way to do so than with Luna? Speaking of Luna, in the next chapter we will be seeing VERY strong hints about Luna being autistic as well, since I'm certain she was meant to be autistic in canon. (Thus, I don't consider Luna's being on the spectrum to be part of the AU of this story, rather an expansion on canon.) If I ever meet Rowling in person, I'm going to ask her about Luna's and Hermione's neuro-status. (Whether they're autistic or not.) American readers: I'm an American myself, but I use a lot of British terms in my HP fanfics. Sorry if that's confusing at all. One last thing: Along with thinking Luna is autistic in canon, I'm really convinced now that Hermione is also autistic in canon. As a friend of mine pointed out in this Quora post of his: What-are-some-of-your-Harry-Potter-theories/answer/Alexander-Antonin Not sure what this says about canon Harry now that it appears two of his closest friends appear to be autistic. (There's also a theory out there that Ron is on the autism spectrum as well, but I don't really see it. I mean yeah, he's a chess prodigy and he focuses on Quidditch a lot, but there are non-autistic people with similar characteristics as well. I'll keep looking for evidence, but I'm not convinced on that one.)