of tears and only further added by Narcissa's confusion. Sirius sighs, smirking as he raised his two hands, making a circle with his left with his thumb and index finger as he enters the index finger on his right hand into the whole. "Seamus is a gay dragon, babe. Yeah, he's gay all the way into the dragon sky for Dean." James at this falls to the floor, unable to contain himself any longer as Sirius' legs begin to shake from needing to laugh as Narcissa's mouth falls open and a disgusted expression spreads out over her usual cold face. "No…" she begins as Sirius continues to thrust his finger in and out of the circle. "YOU DIRTY GRANDBABIES! Filth! Utter filth! Shame on you!" At this, Seamus, who was hunting for Dean opens his mouth at Narcissa and a fireball is sent her way as Sirius begins to chuckle. "And he's just come, fucking brilliant." Narcissa turns towards him as he is unable to stifle the laughter anymore, her brows missing from her face. "Um," Narcissa says as Sirius comes over, her fingers wiggling in the direction of a limping dragon with something growing from the back of his head. "What is… wrong with that one?" Sirius smirked, "Well, that one is rather odd. He has another dragon growing out of the back of his head." "He has what? " "Another dragon," Sirius says louder, missing that her question was rhetorical. "Some odd thing happened and the Voldey one combined with the Quirrell one and now… Boom." Narcissa looked at him with utter displeasure. "Boom?" Sirius claps his hands together, "They're two in the same body." She looks at the dragon as it turns to look at her properly and she sees the two pairs of ugly eyes upon her, "Oh My God, it's -" "Freaky as fuck, I know!" Sirius laughs. "He is the one that was the most difficult to get." Narcissa looks uneasy for the explanation but he misses this as he continues. "He kind of… stinks of garlic and, well, he had this thing wrapped around his head and James removed it - 'cause, well, he's James - and then we unearthed that ugly bastard." "I see," Narcissa says, turning her nose up. "I wouldn't put him in your coat." Narcissa hates that she agrees with him, "Yes… Perhaps that one can just... I don't know, be left out?" Sirius shrugs, "Not like he's alone, ba-boom-dsch." Narcissa groans as she walks away and leaves Sirius laughing at his own joke. BOOM! "What in the-?" Sirius and James share a look of shock as another loud crash erupts from somewhere on the floor above. "MOTHER!" The owner of the voice is undeniable and Sirius and James collectively gulp as they brace themselves to face the wrath of a, by the sounds of, incredibly pissed off Draco Malfoy. "Draco! Darling, what a surprise, I wasn't expect-" "WHERE ARE MY DRAGONS?!" Sirius and James simply listen, glued to the spot, wands in hand. There wasn't much point in beginning to clean the dragon's cages now. "Draco, there's no need to be so rash, we can sit down and discuss th-." "NO NEED TO BE RASH?! ARE YOU OFF YOUR FUCKING HEAD YOU CRAZED MOOSHROOM!?" Sirius and James hear hurried footsteps overhead and a number of doors no doubt being flung open and then slammed. "What the fuck do we do?" Sirius hisses. "Hide?" James ventures with a shrug. "As good idea as any," Sirus replies, leading the pair into a shadowy corner, just in time, he thinks to himself, as he hears Draco's thunderous footsteps begin to make their way downstairs, towards them. "Well well well," Draco says, as he lays his eyes on the dragons, "you were keeping them in here?" "They're perfectly fine," Narcissa replies, a snap audible in her tone. "THEY'RE IN A BASEMENT ABOUT TO BE MADE INTO A COAT!" "Well, Darling, that's...certainly an opinion, and one we can talk about at a-" "If you think I'm going to talk about anything with you, you're more mental than I ever gave you credit for." "Draco," Narcissa begins, a look of desperation swiftly crossing her features, "I just think you should sit down, remember how you used to sit...on my knee." "One. More. Word. Mother", he hisses the word as if poison, "and you'll get a fucking arrow through the knee!" Narcissa places her hands on her hips, "I am your mother! Show me some damn fucking respect." Draco stares down at her, towering over her as he glares into her silver eyes, "Respect, is fucking earned mother! And! For the record, stealing animals is not a way of doing that, you know - just incase you have fucking lost it!" Narcissa watches as her son approaches the den's, sweet words coming from him as he calms the animals immediately. She watches with perplexion as Draco places a dome on the floor that begins to glow an odd pearl colour. "Draco…" Narcissa begins but stops as she watches her beloved Grandchildren hop on and vanish before her eyes. "Modified Port-Key. Hermione, you know the woman I married who isn't a delusional basket case, is brilliant. She created this," Draco said proudly as he turned to face his mother. "I don't know what being alone has done to you, Mother, but you cray." Narcissa's shoulders dropped, "I just wanted family around…" "In the form of a coat? A coat, a material item will not bring you joy!" Narcissa begrudgingly nodded at his words as he slowly began to smile. "A real, human child would." Her eyes brightened as she looked up to meet his gaze, beginning to feel excited. "Shame you'll be committed before that happens! SYKE!" Draco sniggers and touches his ring as the last dragon hops onto the dome, "In a bitch, Mother ! Pow Pow!" And they vanish from sight, leaving Narcissa alone, once more, with her two employees sniggering in the corner.