hell Potter" Pansy cheers and grabs Draco by his arm "just kiss him already" she says pushing Draco off his chair. "Waa!" Draco lets out a startle sound as he wobbles out his chair. He looks up to see Harry getting off his chair as well and Draco's heart stops beating in chest because OH. MY. GOD Harry Potter is walking towards him with such heated eyes that Draco thinks he is going to melt. BLOODY FUCK! I'M ABOUT TO GET LAID! Not- Draco gulps when Harry comes and stands in front of him. "Kiss!" "Kiss!" "Kiss!" They all cheer for them and Harry chuckles, his green eyes hold such tender longingness as they stare only at the blonde and no one else. Draco feels his heart pounding loudly in chest that he fears Harry might hear it, bloody hell he wondered if Pansy could hear it? He gasp lightly when Harry's finger touch his face gently. Draco leans into the warm touch, stepping forwards as Harry's hands slide down to his slim waist. The blonde shyly lifts his grey eyes up to Harry as his hand slowly reach up to the man's sun-kissed neck. "Hey" Harry whispers looking at Draco's lips with their noses touching. They slowly lean in together titling their heads "Hi" Draco whispers back. Their eyes slowly fluttered close when Harry's lips finally meet his in a gentle touch, like rose petals. They kissed slowly, loving the way their lips moved softly against one another. Harry's grip got tighter around the blonde's waist, holding him against his body tightly like he never wants to let go. Draco's heart fluttered, he could feel Harry's heart beating against his chest, in the same rhythm. He could feel love pouring out of them as they kissed each other lovingly and tenderly. The gentle touch of Harry's hands and lips, left cold shivers down Draco's back and the syltherin was hopelessly falling in love more, little by little. The blonde gently caressed his thumb on Harry's neck as he nibbled on his lips lightly. Many times, Draco has imagined their first kiss to passionate and rough but not this. This kiss was everything he wanted yet nothing he accepted, it was something he couldn't explain. It was just perfect. Draco thinks he's dreaming again, so he pulls back gently to look at Harry, he sees the dazed look on Harry's face and knows that this is all real. Harry stare back at him with eyes glittering with so much affection and love that Draco thinks he has finally found his Jack. Everyone around them cheers and claps as they join their forehead together, laughing breathlessly. When Draco goes back to sit in between Pansy and Blaise, he doesn't even get mad at them for teasing him that 'his husband' has finally noticed him. "Gryffindor WINS!" Draco cheered like a mad person as Harry showed off the snitch to the loud crowd in his hand. He jumps happily when Harry flies towards him and hands him the snitch "For you" he says giving Draco a boyish grin. Draco's heart melts, losing the last bits of his mind, he grabs Harry by his Quidditch uniform shirt and pulls him in a deep kiss. "WOW! Look at that Ladies and Gentlemen, looks like Harry Potter would be getting lucky to- OUCH! But head mistress that was appropriate!" Pansy groans "Disgusting" she says pushing Draco, making the blonde stumble and breaking their kiss. Draco pouts at her "You are just jealous that your boyfriend isn't here" he says crossing his arms as Harry chuckles. "I am not jealous, you two are actually disgusting" she says rolling her eyes but Draco ignores her. He grabs Harry by his shirt again and trails his finger down his neck slowly "You look so hot right now" Draco says in his low seductive voice. Harry quickly brings his broom closer to handrail, closer to his slytherin "Yeah?" he whispers looking at Draco's rosy lips. "Hmm" Draco hums teasing his boyfriend by rubbing their noses together gently "So hot" he says huskily, licking his seeker's ear. Harry growls and titles his head sealing their lips together in a tender kiss. "UGH! DRACO!" Pansy yells making him jump away from Harry. She grumpily walks up to Harry and pushes his broom away "Go back to the skies Potter!" she says huffing. "Pansy! Why do you have to me so mean" Draco whines and she rolls her eyes at him "Be gross in your bedrooms!" Pansy says. Harry laughs at them "You guys are like wild cats" he says. "Right!? That's what I tell them too" Blaise says from her side. Draco looks at him and sees Wood flying around his best friend. He rolls his eyes and opens his mouth "Draco" Harry calls out and the blonde stops. He turns his head to the Gryffindor "Yes?" he says titling his head as his platinum hair fall in his eyes. Harry smiles and waves his hand to him, calling him over, Draco blinks and walks forward. Harry grins and pulls the blonde in a sweet kiss "I love you" he says against Draco's lips. "EW. Gross!" comes Pansy loud voice from behind but Draco can't hear her all he sees is the handsome man flying in front of him. He blushes furiously and bites his lower lips trying his best to hold back the huge smile curving up his lips. With the pounding of his heart, Draco leans forward and leaves a gentle kiss on Harry's lips. He leans back and gives a genuine smile "I love you too" Draco says back. Hey guys, I hope you liked it. It was fun to write such different characteristics of the slytherins. I know Draco's character is very different but I was in the mood to write something funny and different. Hopefully, it wasn't too bad and you guys liked it. Please do leave comments and your thoughts. Thank you for reading :)