sip of his coffee. I secure my jaws around it. He doesn't even notice. I make a break for it before he can even notice that I'm there. Down yet another alleyway, I transform back into a human. I am still covered in blood. I point my wand at my chest and mutter " Vulnera sanentur." The blood clears from my chest and the cuts repair themselves. I repeat this up and down my body until there is nothing left but fresh, pink skin. As I clutch the wand in my hand, my body fully restored, I feel a sudden rush of hot adrenaline flow through my veins. I am free. " Expecto patronum!" I shout, thinking of James, Lily, and Harry. Sweet Harry, and that picture of him riding around on his new broom. As that thought flows through me, out of the wand emerges a huge, silver dog. It gambols away from me. I have escaped the bitter darkness. The dementors will never control me again. I know I need to find the rat, but another thought has taken hold of me. Harry, that little baby boy will be nearly thirteen now. I know where he is; Hagrid told me the address that night. Privet Drive. Privet Drive. Privet Drive. Concentrating as hard as I can, I turn on my heel, and suddenly my surroundings disappear. I am being squeezed through a tube, unable to draw air. It is pitch black with only a few street lamps illuminating the entire block. I transform quickly into my dog form. It is not safe to appear myself anymore; they are bound to have noticed my escape by now. Sure enough, as I amble down the street, I see my own face blaring back at me from a large box. Wow, I've made the muggle news. Mother would be proud. I suppress a growl. It was Privet Drive, I am sure. But what was the number? 4. As soon as I think it, a large, square house, hardly different from those surrounding it, a number 4 perched neatly on its door, comes into view. There. He is there. I duck behind a large tree in a small wooded area across the way from the house and wait. He will have to come outside and show himself eventually, right? I lay my head in my paws and stare longingly at the plain number 4 on the door of the house, an aching I have not felt in years clawing at my chest. The feeling is not like the despair I felt in Azkaban, meaningless and hopeless; it is one of knowing that I have spent twelve years without my best friend and that his son, my godson, is just beyond that door. All that is left of my best friend, living, breathing proof of James and Lily's love, is in there. It almost hurts to think about it. Is he happy there, as James was in his own home, which was the most delightful place I have ever been besides Hogwarts? He is, after all, with family, and Dumbledore thought it would be best for him to stay with these muggles rather than with me. I bite back a growl at the thought. But then, Dumbledore, like the rest of the Wizarding World, thinks me a murderer. I find myself again wondering if the boy is happy. Blood means nothing, I know, for before I went to Azkaban, my own home, with my pureblood-loving, spiteful, Slytherin parents, was the most terrible place I could imagine. Harry was such a happy baby, I recall, thinking back to the picture Lily enclosed in her last letter to me just before she died. The little boy, already with hair and a face like James' laughed as he rode his toy broomstick. But I cannot not imagine that there are many moments like that for Harry in this plain, most unmagical house. I long to burst through the door and steal Harry away. As I lie imagining this, the door really does burst open, and out stalks a scrawny boy with unruly jet black hair and glasses, dragging behind him a trunk that is almost the same size as him. James! James took off at a brisk, angry pace, his wand gripped so tightly in his hand I thought he might break it. He did not see me as I crouched in the shadows. Perhaps I would wait for him to transform and then leap on him as a dog, as I had done so many times. I stepped out from behind the trees and began to pursue my friend, hardly able to contain my excitement. My tongue lolled from my mouth and I panted heavily. I felt my tail wag uncontrollably behind me. Then James came to a stop and lit his wand, turning quickly to look me square in the face. I leaned back onto my hind legs and prepared to jump, to cover him in wet dog kisses, just like he hated, and my eyes met his. But the eyes do not belong to James. They are Lily's. And I remember. The boy staggers backwards, landing almost comically on his behind, wand still outstretched and illuminated, terror etched on his face. I slink backwards, ashamed that I have forgotten myself and that I have hurt Harry, without meaning to, again. As I take off running back toward the trees, I hear a loud BANG! I turn to see a large, three-decker bus appear in the street. Its conductor stepps off and exchanges a few words with Harry, but I am too far away to hear. I watch the boy be helped to his feet, climb aboard the Knight Bus, and disappear from sight, feeling, once again a deep, sad longing in my chest. This time, I let out a small, puplike whimper before I turn and run into the woods, determined, now more than ever, to find the rat and set things right.