wedding ring. "Might I suggest you seek your luck elsewhere? It's time I go home with my husband and my daughter." Draco didn't even bother trying to hide his smirk. Merlin, but he absolutely loved seeing Harry like this. It didn't happen often enough if you asked him. Jonathan didn't even try to defend himself; he just went a fire red and practically scurried away. "What?" Harry asked curtly when he noticed the look on Draco's face. "Nothing," Draco assured him smoothly and entwined their fingers. "Ready to go home?" His husband narrowed his eyes, clearly not misled by the innocent tone, but nodded sharply. His magic was humming, however, and interest was stirring in Draco. Maybe that Jonathan guy hadn't been a complete waste of time and space if he was reading Harry correctly. The door fell shut behind them and the Silencing Charm was activated. "'You can't go alone, who knows what that bastard is going to do?'" Harry said mockingly and slammed Draco against the door; his eyes glowing fiercely. "'It happened twice before, I'm not going to let it happen a third time!'" he continued, his voice lowering a tad in an impression of Draco's. Hands roughly tugged at his belt. "So tell me, Malfoy, why it is then that I come back only to see that guy hanging off of you?" Draco smirked, not in the least deterred by the rough treatment. Slipping his fingers around locks of soft, black hair, he murmured silkily, "Someone seems jealous." "Jealous? As if I have a reason to be jealous," Harry scoffed and impatiently threw Draco's belt on the floor. "There's no shame in admitting that," Draco nearly crooned; his breath hitching when Harry's hands dipped to his zipper. "I don't need to be jealous," Harry insisted and succeeded in lowering his zipper; Draco's interest in the proceedings visible now without the restriction of the trousers. "Because we both know you're mine." Harry brought his lips to Draco's ear and whispered tauntingly, "But if you need a reminder, let me show you." Before Draco could say anything – but it wasn't like he was going to protest, so what did it matter, really? – Harry had dropped to his knees in front of him and swiftly tugged down both his trousers and underwear. An embarrassingly loud moan – and he was going to deny later on that that sound had ever left his mouth, damn it – was torn out of him when warmth surrounded him, enveloping him completely, and he smacked his head against the door, not even registering the sharp spike of pain as he burrowed his hands in Harry's hair, tightening his grip around fine locks. "Fuck, Harry," he groaned and the other one merely hummed in response, making the blond keen at the effect it had on him. Harry was absolutely ruthless, never slowing down once, hands touching and caressing every inch of skin they found, and it wasn't long before Draco had become a shivering mess; arousal thrumming through his veins, his skin feeling like it was set on fire as he clenched and unclenched his fists, hips moving out of his own volition. A noise of protest escaped him when Harry pulled back suddenly. "Come on, Draco," he murmured, voice rough and breathless, green eyes wide with black nearly taking over the iris', before he lowered his head again. This time, however, he kept his eyes on Draco and it was this sight, green eyes blazing fire, a red flush dusting hollowed cheeks that made Draco shout, back arching as his whole body trembled and shivered; blinding whiteness overtaking his vision as he was violently thrown over the edge. The sensation of soothing hands on his thighs and light kisses being peppered on his cheeks, lips and forehead brought him back. "So, remembering now?" Harry asked casually, but his eyes were too sharp, too bright as he hovered in front of Draco – and when had he sunk down on the floor? A roguish grin spread out on the blond's face as he reached out to haul Harry closer. "Almost. I need a bit more." Emerald green darkened and a tongue peeked out to lick glistening, reddened, bruised lips. "I think I can arrange that," Harry whispered; voice rough with want. They didn't leave their room for two more hours – not that Draco minded being reminded just who he belonged to. He would never be grateful for Santa – and this was absolutely the last time they would ever have an encounter with him, no matter how much Ianthe would beg – but well, he couldn't say he was opposed to the result of this meeting. Whoever said jealousy didn't become someone, obviously hadn't met Harry Potter – and for that Draco was quite grateful. "So, are you happy now with your gift from Santa?" Scorpius groused later that evening when they were eating dinner. He had chosen to remain home, adamantly refusing to set foot near Santa Claus. Draco couldn't exactly blame him for that, given what had happened last time when Scorpius had visited Santa. Ianthe pouted, poking her steamed broccoli. "No, it was just a small doll," she said disappointedly. "It doesn't even talk or move! Santa is stupid; I don't want to see him anymore." "Yep, definitely a Malfoy trait," Harry muttered lowly and smiled impishly when Draco scowled at him. Draco rolled his eyes and took a sip of his water. At least there wouldn't be any more Santa visits in the future. One had to count the small blessings in life after all. AN2: And this wraps up this mini-series! I'm not completely happy with the ending, but yeah *sighs* Please leave your thoughts behind in a review; should you spot any mistakes, please point them out to me. I hope to see you all in my future stories! Cuddles Melissa P.S. For more information about my upcoming and posted stories, please visit my profile.