year and already the senior years were getting piles of homework, hence the essay Marlene was proofreading. It was already seventh year for us; our last year at Hogwarts before we had to actually go out and get a life. How and where, few of us actually knew. The past year had shown that the wizarding world was getting darker and darker, and it seemed to make the entire graduating class rethink their life plans. Not that I had any plans in the first place. I thought back to the conversation I had had with my mum over summer break. Being a muggle, she didn't understand why I was scared to make any plans after school, and kept insisting that I get some sort of idea in my head so that I didn't end up sitting on my arse for the next year wondering what I should do. I did see her point, and I would get a job, but whether I would start looking for career options was an entirely different story. I let out a sigh and leaned my head back against the couch, looking up at the ceiling. "Is that a word smudged out or an actual word?" Marlene questioned, handing the scroll over to me. I absently took the scroll and squinted my eyes to see the spot she was pointing at. "Do you need your glasses?" She asked dryly, watching as my face scrunched up. "I can see just fine," I growled in annoyance, always bothered when she brought up my slight inability to read up close. Truth was, it was my horrible penmanship that was the main factor of why I couldn't read it, "It's a word… I think…" "Don't you dare 'Lily-Flower' me!" Marlene and I both looked up to see Lily storm into the common room from the portrait hole, her face an angry shade of red as James Potter trailed after her, his own face a mask of confusion. "How the bloody hell am I to blame for that worthless snake's actions?" Potter questioned, but Lily ignored him as she ran straight up the stairs to the dormitories, "We have rounds in half an hour! You're head girl! You can't ignore me forever!" "Watch me, you bastard!" Her angry yell came from somewhere up the stone stair case, and I could hear the slight choke to her voice. Lily didn't cry easily, so whatever Potter did, it had affected her. I felt my entire body go into battle mode. "What the hell did you do to her?" I demanded, dropping my scroll to the floor and getting to my feet as I narrowed my gaze on the frustrated boy across from me. "Jack," Marlene tried to intervene. Potter stopped running his hands agitatedly through his already messy hair and turned to look at me with a glare of his own, "What did I do ? Well that's bloody typical isn't it? It's always me to blame, never that snivelling friend of hers! I'm through with the lot of you!" Before I couldn't even think of a cutting reply, he turned around and went back out of the common room, the portrait slamming shut behind him. The Fat Lady would be unimpressed for the rest of the week. That was not the reaction I was expecting though, and it left me stunned for a moment. I blinked twice before turning to look at Marlene, "What just happened…?" "Dear old Snape called his beloved friend a mudblood." A voice dripping with dark sarcasm replied, and I spun around to see that in all the commotion Black had entered the room and was currently leaning against a wall nearby. "What?" I questioned, my voice sharp. He pushed off the wall and walked closer towards us, "James and Snivellus got into a bit of an argument. A fight started up and Evans tried to stop James. Snape told her he didn't need any help from a mudblood. You can imagine where it went from there." I heard Marlene take in a sharp breath from behind me, and I internally cursed Snape. After six years of Lily backing him up when we questioned their friendship and the arse goes and does this. Lily was probably already strewn across her bed crying, feeling completely devastated. I brought my hand up to my forehead and groaned. Black's intense gaze on me brought me back to reality. "What?" I asked impatiently. He raised an eyebrow, but his stare was still as intense, "You're not going to go and castrate Snivellus?" I shot him a dirty look, " No . That would only upset Lily more at this point." He nodded to the side, "Well that would explain her attitude towards James at the moment." "Idiot," I muttered, not really wanting to know the details of what the Marauders did to Snape. "You know Evans very well, don't you?" Black suddenly questioned, causing me to look at him suspiciously as he still had that stupid intent look on his face. You really had to have spent years with the Marauders to know that when they were thinking about something, it usually wasn't something you wanted to get involved with. You just kind of strayed towards the sidelines and hoped they wouldn't lose you even more house points than they already had in the past day. I settled for the neutral response. "What's your point, Black?" He took a step back and shrugged casually, "I just find that very interesting. It may prove to be beneficial." Shit. That answer spoke volumes of trouble. With that he backed away entirely and strolled up towards the dormitories without another glance back at me. I went to look to Marlene but she was already gone, probably up to the dorm to comfort Lily. Just hours ago we were all bickering at supper as always and now I was standing alone in the middle of the empty common room. "What is going on around here?"