of a turnaround, as she was usually the one telling Harry to calm down. She wished she had her own voice to tell her that. They finally got to Quirrell's room, where McGonagall asked for Wood. Wood? Is she going to beat us? But Wood turned out to be an older – and very handsome – boy. A boy that looked confused. "Ms. Potter, this is Oliver Wood. He's the captain of the Quidditch team. Wood, I've found you a seeker!" His eyes lit up, as he looked at Iliana as though sizing her up. "Really? You sure?" "She caught that thing after a 50 foot dive, without a scratch on her. Charlie Weasley couldn't have done it." "She has the perfect build for a seeker, too. We'll have to train her up. You ever play Quidditch before?" "N-no, I haven't. Ron's told me and Harry about it, though." "Oh, you know Harry Potter? Wait, Ms. Potter... are you his sister?" "No, Oliver. Don't you remember, Potter is a Multiple." "Oh yes, I remember you telling me now. Iliana, was it? Come to the Quidditch Pitch this Saturday and we'll start your training." McGonagall turned to her and added, "I'd better not hear about you slacking off on your training, Ms. Potter, or I might change my mind about punishing you. Which I would hate to do, since it would be expelling three students at once, two of whom did nothing wrong." The next day, a Saturday, Iliana went to the Quidditch pitch as instructed, and met Oliver Wood there. She blushed as she saw him, for she was very taken with the boy. Harry and Alastair came more to the front to help her shake that off and concentrate, but their transformation magic hadn't replenished itself, so nothing else happened. Wood ran her through the basics of the game, then had her practice catching golf balls instead of risking the snitch, which she was very good at. They did that until it began getting dark. "Well, that was excellent. Keep up the good work, and that cup will have our name on it," he said, putting a hand on her shoulder. She felt her face turn hot at the touch, and her vision went blurry for a moment. "You okay, Iliana? I thought I saw something in your eyes." "Oh, I'm fine." But she refused to talk all the rest of the way up the castle and into the common room. She went over to Ron and Hermione and told them all about practice. Sunday went much the same, Wood wanting more practice, this time with a practice snitch. But they didn't practice as long, so she'd have time to do schoolwork. Which she had a hard time concentrating on, as thoughts of Wood kept invading her mind. Those thoughts didn't go away as she lay in bed, either, which made getting to sleep difficult. The next day was again much like normal, until Iliana passed Wood in the hall. With Ron and Hermione there to witness it, her hair retracted into her head and turned black and wild; her height dropped an inch, and her eyes turned green. And then Harry's glasses returned. He also felt a pain in his crotch as the panties Iliana had been wearing took a little too long to transform into briefs, and squeezed him painfully enough that he cried out. "Harry! You're back!" Ron cried out, hugging his friend. "Yes. And before you ask, I remember everything that happened. We seem to have a collective memory." "Welcome back, Harry," Hermione said. "You were gone for so very long!" He shrugged. "Yeah, I know." "Oh crap," Ron exclaimed. "What?" "Well, I suppose it's only Monday. But you might want to change back to Iliana before Saturday's practice, or Oliver will do his nut." "I guess we'll just have to see what happens. I can't control it, after all. Besides, I don't think I'll have any problem on Saturday, even if I stay me." . Harry had a problem. It was Saturday, and it was Quidditch practice. Which, as it turned out, he was horrible at. He only caught the golf balls one out of ten times, and ended up spraining his ankle on a bad dismount, and had to go to the Hospital Wing to get it healed. "Well," he later told Ron and Hermione, "Wood isn't happy. And neither am I. I suck at Quidditch." He then proceeded to give them a blow-by-blow description of how awful he was at it. They were a very good audience. "Cheer up, mate. You'll change back at some point. Iliana's good enough she could probably miss every practice between now and the match, and still win. But I wouldn't recommend it, Wood might well lose his mind from the stress." Ron got up to go to the bathroom at that point, and Hermione scooted closer. "So," she said, sounding sly. "I noticed Wood passed by us, and y-Iliana turned beet red, and then there you were, Harry. I think she fancies Wood." "I do not!" Harry said, his voice shifting into Iliana briefly, eyes flashing hazel before returning to green. "Er, I mean... god, this is confusing. It's Iliana's feelings, but I feel them when she does, we're connected in some way that isn't quite telepathy, but close; we can read each other's moods, and send messages to one another, but we also have some privacy from one another, which I suppose is where the bulk of the difference between us lies – that ability to be distinct. Yet there's also some thoughts shared unintentionally, sometimes. It's all so weird, and trying to sort out who's saying what and who's feeling what is confusing. Her feelings feel like mine, but different. Gah..." He ran his hands through his hair, exasperated. Hermione patted his arm. "Don't worry, you'll find a way to manage. And I can help. Or try to, anyway." "Thanks, Hermione. We appreciate it."