perfectly fine. Now, you are aware that I approved this internship because of Henriette Oakby's insistence?" "Yes, and thank you so much, Madam. I-" Amelia put a hand up to stop Emily further. "I did it because I deemed it fair. Although the Ministry's system does not openly recognised S.E.A.L.s like it does N.E.W.T.s– since S.E.A.L is a recently implemented qualification – I felt it right to give you at least an opportunity since you did extremely well." "… It must have been difficult for you to let me in here." "Very," Amelia confirmed. "Squibs are not recognised in the Ministry database, so therefore, according to the Ministry, you do not exist. It took a lot of paperwork and approval just to get you in any available space here. The Society for the Support of Squibs can only go so far as to vouch for you. You would need the Minister's approval in order for anything to actually take place." "I trust that was even more difficult." "Quite the contrary," Amelia said, ghost of a smile on her face. "When I went into Minister Fudge's office and asked if he could sign your approval notice, he was too busy to even pry on the details." Emily's eyes widened, surprised at the older woman's cunning. "Wow." "Yes, I won't make a habit of using his distraction to my advantage." "You went through so much for me. I don't know what to say. I don't think a thanks is enough." "It's plenty enough, Emily." "Thank you… I'm not going to make it into the Ministry, am I?" Amelia loathed to see anyone saddened at what they couldn't change. "I don't think so, dear. The stigma surrounding Squibs is just too great. People will do everything in their power to make sure that you don't make it in here. You'd make history if you did, and there are positions in the Ministry that don't necessarily need magic, but it would be hard convincing the Minister, plus the rest of the Wizengamot." Emily emitted a dry chuckle. "The funny thing is that's what I wanted to be when I grew up, ever since I was nine. I wanted to be involved in creating laws that benefit the entire wizarding world, not just the selected witches and wizards. It's unfair that this world hates Squibs so much." "Yes, it is unfair. But It's a reality you need to deal with," Amelia said matter-of-factly. Emily allowed herself some time to process the words. Her head was bowed and her shoulder's sagged further downward. Amelia offered the young woman and sympathetic hold on her shoulder. "I'm really sorry, Emily. I know how much you wanted this." Emily sniffed, trying valiantly not to cry. "Yeah…" Amelia allowed Emily some time to gather herself. She knew nothing she said now would cheer her up. She had read all the letters that Emily wrote in her school days. Her dreams were to be part of the Ministry, specifically the Wizengamot. Her end goal was to be the first Squib Minister for Magic. But Amelia could already tell just from that that Emily's goals would never be reached. You could not be Minister for Magic if you don't have any magic in you to begin with. Of course, being a part of the Wizengamot was realistically possible, but unattainable. And there were devastating consequences for Emily if she somehow did land a job at the Ministry. Amelia didn't like it, but it was for the girl's own good that she joined muggle society. The wizarding world was not a place for her. "… I can't leave this place," Emily sniffled as she looked at Amelia. "I can't go and live among muggles. I was born here. My heritage is here. Going away means giving all that up. That's… so cruel. This world is disgusting." Amelia sighed. "Yes… it is." Emily stood up and wiped her face. She didn't look at Amelia. "So what do I do? Do I go home?" "If you want, but you can still continue to work here as an intern until your time is up." "Might as well continue. I like to finish what I started," Emily said, a little brighter. But Amelia could still read the utter devastation on the woman's face. "Let me know if you need anything," Amelia offered softly. Emily smiled brightly at her. "I will." The young woman exited Madam Bones' office. Why did the wizarding world hate her so much? What did she do to deserve it? It wasn't fair at all that she had to be looked down on just because she was a Squib. For a world that promoted equality and fairness among all in it, it was downright nasty to Squibs. ' Fucking hypocrites, the lot of them.' As she walked through the corridor, heading straight back to her allocated office, she could see something at the corner of her eye. It was none other than Harry Potter, being led away by a man with bright red hair. ' What's Harry Potter doing in the Ministry?' Emily asked herself. Did the Boy-who-lived have any business at the Ministry at all? Was he given special clearance to enter because of who he was. It seemed likely. 'He didn't look so good,' she noted. In fact, he looked ghostly pale, like he had been through some tremendous struggle. ' If it's anything like what Mrs. Figg told me, then it must be something else that was forced on him.' Little did Emily know, she would cross paths with him again. Trivia: S.E.A.L – Squib Exams of Associated Learning. Henriette Oakby is the daughter of Idris Oakby - founder of the Society for the Support of Squibs. ... How did you like it? I had to change a few things in order to make it more believable and relatable. Let me know what you think. Next chapter is the trial of Harry Potter. Trust me, you don't wanna miss that one.