don't do things by halves, it seems," Harry murmured and froze, fearing he had overstepped some boundary he wasn't aware of. Malfoy merely smirked. "So, eh, apparently Peeves cast a love spell on the students and the spell wore off this morning," Harry said, shuffling his feet. He stuffed his hands into his pockets to protect them from the cold air. "Hence why I'm here to avoid hearing them whining," Malfoy stated dryly, sweeping his arm around. "And I had figured out that it had to be a spell, yes. Even your fame can't give you that much attention, Potter. But I guess yesterday was just an ordinary day for you." "Right, eh, I – thanks for, you know, giving me the tip about my Invisibility Cloak," Harry continued, blushing a bit underneath Malfoy's scrutinizing look. "It made sense and I don't know why I didn't think of that sooner." "Well, common sense isn't always common," Malfoy snorted and Harry would take offense to that, except well, he had been stupid enough to forget about his Cloak. "You need something else?" Malfoy questioned when Harry kept standing in the middle of the room instead of leaving. "Actually, yeah," Harry said, bolstered by the casual way Malfoy talked to him. "Hermione told me something interesting about the spell Peeves used." "Really now? What a surprise," Malfoy drawled, but his shoulders were tense and his eyes had sharpened; a hint of wariness lurking in those grey depths. Ignoring Malfoy's tone, Harry continued, "Apparently that spell doesn't work on people who already are in love with the target." "How interesting," Malfoy murmured, but his eyes had shuttered close and he stood stiffly. "Yes and I couldn't help but notice how normally you acted yesterday," Harry went on; his green eyes taking in every miniscule shift in Malfoy's body. A moment of silence passed between them as the wind howled around the tower. "Your powers of observation astound me," Malfoy said; his face a mask of nothingness. "Alas, I promised Millicent I would help her with Potions, so if you'll excuse me." Before Malfoy had the chance to turn around, Harry was there in just a few big steps, his hands slamming down on the door on each side of Malfoy's head. "What are you doing, Potter?" Malfoy asked quietly, not making any attempt to escape. Instead his grey eyes – which had taken on a hue of silver in the weak sunlight – studied the man in front of him intently. "Were you ever going to tell me?" Harry asked simply, not beating around the bush, even if his heart was beating faster again. A derisive snort left the blond wizard and he threw the younger man a look of contempt. "No, I'm not stupid.," he bit out. "And if you tell anyone about this, Potter, I make sure you'll regret it." "You know what I would regret?" Harry asked, not in the least perturbed by Malfoy's threat. Malfoy glared at him, but didn't respond. "Not taking a chance and asking you out on a date," he smiled impishly, enjoying the way grey eyes flared up. "Don't think you can screw with me, Potter!" Malfoy – hm, perhaps he should start thinking of him as Draco now – hissed, and yet he still made no attempt to break free. "I certainly hope screwing around is in the picture for us," Harry grinned and leant in closer. "But for now I'll be happy with a date and a kiss, Draco ." Not giving the older wizard a chance to protest, Harry brought their lips together, tasting mint and coffee and a hint of chocolate when Draco opened his mouth after a few licks across his lower lip. Harry's hands landed somewhere on Draco's shoulders and Draco's hands came to grasp Harry's waist, pulling him even closer as their kiss heated up; their tongues battling each other. Not even in this situation were they willing to let the other one win. Draco felt warm, his hands even more so, and his lips glided skilfully across Harry's, his tongue drawing Harry's in a deep kiss. With regret Harry pulled away after a while when the need for air could no longer be ignored and they broke apart with a soft gasp. His lips felt swollen and tingled and Draco's mouth looked quite red; a dazed look on his face Harry was proud to say he had been the one to put there. Not that he was feeling any less dazed if he had to be honest. He hadn't known a kiss could feel this good . Why the hell had he and Draco waited so long to do this? "So, I take it that's a yes to the date?" he murmured out of breath; his hands still clamped down on Draco's shoulders. Draco huffed amused, resting his head on Harry's left shoulder. "You're an idiot," he sighed. "Maybe, but what makes that of you?" Harry asked mischievously and yelped and laughed when slender fingers pinched his waist in retaliation. His laughter was soon swallowed up by a second kiss and then a third and then a fourth and … Harry lost count of the kisses they shared there and then. Yeah, just an ordinary day , he thought happily, as he leant back and stared into soft grey eyes. He couldn't wait to experience more of these ordinary days with Draco. The End AN2: The ending feels so ... fluffy. The story kind of ran away with me near the middle and I just kept writing and yeah, this is the result *coughs* Doesn't always have to be dark and angsty, right? I hope it doesn't come across as rushed either; Harry's kind of chill in this one, I suppose *sweatdrops* Please leave your thoughts behind in a review; should you spot any mistakes, please point them out to me. Cuddles Melissa P.S. For more information about my upcoming and posted stories, please visit my profile.