sense of when they were both twenty and twenty-one respectively. No, this was different. This love was more in an, 'I want to kiss you but I can't,' sort of way. In an, 'I want to marry you,' sort of way. So as she said, different. "I'll be fine," the raven haired woman repeated when she did not answer, finally turning to look at her as she rested her hands on Luna's shoulders and squeezed. "You've done enough for me." "I don't want to leave," said Luna finally. "Or find someone to be with." She knew her next words would be a shock and had no real idea how this would be taken, for Carina still loved Hermione Granger to this very day, was still haunted by her death despite having come to better terms with it over the years. But, Luna had been feeling this way for over a year now, and Carina had always been her best friend, so she very well couldn't keep it a secret any longer, or lie to her. Carina frowned. "What do you want, then?" "You." The blonde watched as a myriad of emotions crossed Carina's face, ranging from regret to shock to understanding, and something Luna could not quite put her finger on before the other woman's face went blank. "Me?" The raven haired witch's voice was controlled, though there was a strange edge to it Luna had not heard before. It was not the angry one she developed, the one that warned people there would be consequences if they crossed her; this was different. "Luna—" "It's mad, I know," Luna winced as the hands on her shoulders fell away. "But, you see, I just couldn't lie to you about it—what sort of friend would I be? I haven't felt this way long, you don't have to fret about that, but…" "You're a bloody lunatic." "I know." "Bonkers." "I know." "Completely mad." "I know." "Luna?" "Yes?" Carina reached up to run a hand through Luna's hair as she responded quietly, calmly, "I think I want you, too." "What about Hermione?" Luna frowned slightly, not letting herself feel the happiness she should in this moment as she remembered her friend, who Carina had loved fiercely. "I'll always love Hermione," came the murmur from the other woman, who seemed lost in thought for a moment. "Always. I still love her now, so much that it hurts, sometimes. I'll never forget her. But to this day I still can't regret what I did, no matter how it may haunt me, because you're here. My best friend." She blinked and refocused her attention on Luna. "I...you'll have to bear with me, if you decide not to leave, I mean, there's been something I've been meaning to—" "Auntie Rina?" a loud whisper interrupted her, and she glanced down to find Teddy Lupin tugging at her shirt. He was obviously trying to be discreet, but failing terribly. "I'm supposed to give you the ring now, right?" "—ask you," finished Carina a bit lamely, lips twitching up into a small smile as she took the small ring from the boy. It was simple enough, a band with a diamond embedded in the center (diamonds, like her necklace), and her eyes found Luna's. "A girl can't propose, Ted!" Victoire, who had ambled over, spoke hushedly, hand over one side of her mouth like it would hide her words as she leaned toward him. "Grand-mere says so!" "Your Grandm...Gran.." the boy struggled, before puffing out his chest and blowing his blue hair from his eyes. "Your granny's never met my aunt! She can do anything, even pr'pose, right, Auntie Rina?" Carina stared at him for a moment, her eyes flickering to Luna and then her expectant godson, before she slowly lowered herself to her knees and held the ring up. The soft snort that escaped her did not go unnoticed by Luna, who was, quite frankly, smiling wider than she ever thought possible. "Since apparently I can do anything," Carina gazed up at her, brow quirked. Luna did not miss her fingers twitch anxiously. "I suppose I can marry you?" Hermione, thought Luna. Wherever you are, if you're watching this...I'm doing like I promised. I'm taking care of her. And she's taking care of me, too. "Yes," Luna accepted, and the smile returned when Carina's relieved face then broke into a full out grin (of which she had only just begun seeing ever since Teddy had come to live with them) as she stood. As the blonde allowed Carina to slip the ring onto her finger (and then proceed to pull a matching one from her pocket and slide it onto her own finger), she could hear little Teddy Lupin saying to Victoire Weasley, "See? I told you she can do anything!" The raven haired woman reached out to ruffle his hair and then pulled the younger witch in for a tight hug, dropping a kiss to the top of her head. It was then that Luna Lovegood felt as though her life were complete, for through all the hardships, all the pain and devastation that had been wrought down upon them, she still had her best friend and now, the person she would spend the rest of her life with. Somewhere, she felt, Hermione Granger was smiling. To explain the title: Luna means moon, and the gravity of the moon pulls stuff in, like how Luna would pull Carina in over time. I decided to make this entirely Luna's P.O.V. though for some sort of change. And, it definitely is. It's long, I know. I didn't wanna make a two-shot, so this is sorta what happened and one way it would go if that situation arose. Or, maybe. I don't know, really. I tried, I think it ended up alright. I know a few Luna/Carina shippers out there and I hope you guys like this huge thing. :P Please keep in mind to review, I need some feedback on this!