down if the Veela inside them takes control. Veela twins are able to tell who us the mate of their twin to help them find their mate before they turn eighteen. If one of the twins doesn't find their mate both will die on their eighteenth birthday. Whatever one twin feels the other will feel, so if one twin is in pain the other will feel it. It one twin is angry and about to throw fire the other twin will feel their hands heating up. When one twin's eyes are black then the other twin's eyes will be black as well. If one of the twins were to die early then the other twin would as well. Veela's can sense if their twin in pain or trouble. Veela twins have the power to pass their emotions onto their twin. Twins can communicate with each other by applying pressure to their middle finger on their left hand. " "Cool so if I need to get you I just dig a nail into my finger. Why do you think that works?" He asked looked at his finger in wonder. "It could be because I feel what pain you feel and you feel what I feel so that could be why it works like that." Lana said watching her brother poke his finger. Draco shrugged and leant back on her bed. She sighed before pulling a piece of parchment off of the shelf. She dipped her quill into the ink and scribbled something down. "Hey why don't we go down to Diagon Alley?" Draco asked as Lana wandered around her room picking things up and putting them back down. "I don't see why not. Let's floo Zambini and get him to come." Lana said before opening her wardrobe and pulling out a jacket and scarf to conceal her injuries on her neck. Draco walked out of the room and entered his as Lana began applying more make-up to her eye. Once it was completely covered she left her room and walked into Draco's. "Let's go. He's meeting us there." Draco said before taking her arm so they could Apparate. They arrived in Diagon Alley and stood to the side to let an elderly witch pass by them. "Where are we meeting him?" Lana asked as she looked up and down the street for their friend. "Quality Quidditch supplies." Lana sighed before dragging her twin off in the direction of the store. They slid into the shop and spotted their friend by the broom kits. Placing a finger on her lips Lana crept up behind him and placed her hands over his eyes. "Guess who Beanie?" She whispered into his ear and he relaxed recognising her voice. "Hey Foy." He said turning around and giving her a hug. Draco nodded to Blaise as he looked on the shelves. "So how's your mother?" Zambini asked watching Lana skim over the books on the shelf. "I wouldn't talk about her right now." Draco called over from the next isle. "Oh okay. Your father got back from St Mungos today didn't he?" Blaise asked hoping that it wasn't a sore subject. "Yeah. He and mother needed to talk to us about something but we'll tell you somewhere else." Lana said watching the people near by. Blaise shrugged and walked over to where Draco was. "So are things still bad at home with your mother?" He asked out of Lana's earshot. "Yeah. We all argued today. That's why Lana wanted to stay with you." "Oh I thought that had been fixed when she flooed." "No I just asked her to stay till our birthday. So what's this about a flat you've bought?" Draco said as Lana walked up to them. "Well I couldn't stay at the manor while... you know was going on. So mother said she'd help me look for a flat till the end of the war and I just decided to stay there." Blaise said as they walked out of the shop. "Well we'll have to come and see it. Let's go somewhere quiet so we can tell you something. I know a place where we won't be interrupted." Lana said before pulling the two behind her. She led them down the street and onto a less packed one. They reached a little coffee shop called Lotus. Lana pushed the door open and stepped inside followed by the boys. "What do you want?" She asked as she sat down at one of the many empty tables and pulled off her jacket and scarf. "Pumpkin juice." "Butterbeer." She nodded and went to the cashier to order. "So what's it been like at home? You know since the war." Draco asked as he watched his sister talk with the barista. "Mother said she's thinking of leaving my father. She says what he did was unforgivable and she said she's taking Abigail with her." "I'm sorry mate. But at least you won't have to worry about him hurting Abi again." "Yeah I guess. Abi doesn't understand what's going on though. She keeps asking why mother and father are fighting." "Is Abi okay though the bruising gone down?" Draco asked as Lana came back with the drinks. "It's gone down but it's still visible. I think father is sorry about it though." "What's your father sorry about Beanie?" Lana asked as she gave them their drinks. "About what happened with Abi." After the war Mr Zambini became depressed and started drinking. One night he went back to his house from the pub and hit Abigail (his daughter). Mrs Zambini had seen him hit her and told him to leave. The next day once he had sobered up he returned home to apologise to find they had all gone to stay at Blaise's. When he tried to get to the flat there were protective spells to stop him from being able to Apparate there. "Anyway what did you need to tell me?" Blaise asked changing the subject. "We're Veela."