would be worth preventing the revival of Voldemort. But this had been a complete waste of time, and now she had to… "Please, no." He hadn't forced her to do that for months. " Tell me you're a bad girl, love." She sobbed as he handed her the familiar, vine wood wand. "No, please, no." " Tell me." "I…I'm a bad girl." " And what do bad girls deserve?" "To be punished." " Yes." "No, please Draco." Hermione let out a shuddering breath, trying to control herself. "Please don't make me–" " You are going to open the cage, Granger." She whimpered, feeling the compulsion probing her mind and urging her forward. "Y-yes." He made her walk. They left their bedroom, made their way down the staircase outside the hallway that joined their room to the west wing, and turned sharply, heading for the dungeons. She couldn't make her feet pause, let alone stop, and Hermione spent the next ten minutes trying to prepare herself for what she was about to do. " We're here." The dungeons were spelled silent so that anyone above ground level didn't have to be bothered hearing the screaming or moaning of Draco Malfoy's war prisoners. He had the allegiance of the Dementors, like Voldemort had done, but he also had a measure of control over them. They guarded all his prisons, and kept the Muggle world subservient. They were also prevented from breeding further without his permission. " Open the cage, love." Hermione hesitated, standing in front of the door to the permanent residence of her once upon a time friend. He no longer looked up at her with hope when she visited. He sat in the corner, counting his fingers and toes from start to finish, and then repeating the process – over and over again. She doubted he even realised she was here, anymore "Please, no." Draco's hand rested on the small of her back, and she shivered at the sudden contact. "Do it." The scrape of metal unused to being moved pierced her eardrums, but Hermione only had eyes for the prisoner who jumped reflexively at the sound. He was aware of her now, but still refused to look up. "I... I'm sorry." " Don't be sorry." "I can't help it." Draco sighed and pressed his hand further into her back, without causing pain. "Just do it, Granger." As though he had heard her name, the prisoner stirred to life, and those dark eyes turned up to look at her. But still, he said nothing. Hermione took a deep breath to steel herself, unable to tear her eyes away from the ragged, dirty, and pitiful appearance of her old friend. Impatient, Draco grabbed her elbow. " Raise your wand." She whimpered. "N-no, please." " Don't you love me?" She couldn't focus, the image of Neville beginning to blur through the haze of her tears. "Please, don't make me do this." " But you love me so much. Don't you?" "Y-yes!" She struggled not to scream the word, but it was true. Gods, it killed her but she did love him. " Then raise your wand." Her hand shook and she struggled to control her breathing, but she did as she was told. " You know what curse he deserves. Do it." She had cast the Unforgivables at his prodding before, and knowing that this was more about her punishment than Neville's, Hermione let the Crucio slip from her mouth. She didn't mean it, so it didn't have the full effect, but over the years, Draco had taught her to hurt them all, regardless. Neville cried out once and then writhed silently; his mind was almost gone, and that disconnection with his body helped him bear this. After what felt like an eternity, Draco spoke into her mind, again. "Do you want to stop, love?" That sounded like a trick question. "Yes." " Then end it." Hermione released the spell and turned her head to watch as Draco stepped up to the cage bars. He looked thoughtful. " Finish him." "Draco?" " He is as good as dead, now. Finish him and end it." When she didn't respond, Draco's slender fingers snaked under her chin and he glared at her. "DO IT!" Without looking at Neville, Hermione's hand trembled as the curse forced its way past her lips, almost like it had a mind of its own. Green light, much like the light she'd used to burn away his followers, emanated from her wand and lit up the dark hallway. Soundlessly, Neville Longbottom left this world. He was dead, but…Hermione felt a sense of relief, too. He would no longer be tortured. He could finally be with his parents, with Luna, and with the rest of their friends who were fortunate enough to avoid a world dominated by Draco Malfoy. Hermione's vision blurred and she felt herself falling; strong arms encased her and she felt the familiar sensation of being pressed very hard from all directions. They were back in their bedroom. Draco carried her over to their bed and carefully placed her on her side before climbing in next to her. She clung to him as she cried and he just held her as she let it all out. Killing her friend was torment enough, but what she really hated was how relieved she was that he was gone. She justified it with him being at peace now, but she would never join him; Draco would never let her go, let alone die. She was as precious to him as his own life. Once her sobs began to subside, Draco opened his mouth and finally spoke to her. "You understand why I am doing all this, don't you, love?" She nodded her head, all the anger, hate, and pain fading away; she was too exhausted to care about it anymore. She snuggled into him as he rested a hand on her bulging stomach and kissed her forehead. "For our son." .:.