on out there?" "Or all of it, preferably," Harry added quickly, and Hermione and Ron looked distinctly uncomfortable, but stood their ground behind their friends, supporting them, because they wanted to know, too. It was obvious. "Exactly!" "No!" Mrs. Weasley cried, frustrated. "No, I say no to all of it! You're just children, and this is something for the adults; go upstairs!" "We're of age!" Fred and George both protested at once. Sirius knew the woman was only trying to protect him, that she was trying to help most of the time, in her own way, but she had begun to irritate him thus far. When emerald and gray eyes both shot to him at once, immediately pleading with him, he knew it was time to speak his mind. "I think they should know," Sirius said firmly. "Sirius!" "They should!" "No," Mrs. Weasley snapped. "Do you not remember what Dumbledore said about not telling Harry anything more than he needs to know?" "And I won't tell him anything more than he needs to know," Sirius grew irritated even more, especially when he and the woman continued to bicker and she brought up things that she really shouldn't have. It especially crossed a line when she told him how to parent his daughter. "Don't think I don't know what you two get up to around here," the redhead waved an arm at him. "Underage drinking, casting spells when she's not supposed to be...this isn't how you raise a child, Sirius!" The wizard scowled at her, coldly reminding her, "She's not your daughter, Molly, so you've no right to come into my home and tell me how I should and shouldn't be raising her." "She's as good as!" Mrs. Weasley hotly repeated her words from earlier about Harry, and Carina's eyes darted back and forth between the two, her cheeks tinted pink. Sirius supposed it was from both anger and embarrassment. "All of you, upstairs, now!" One by one, grumbling and stomping, the Weasleys filed off, Hermione and a reluctant Harry in tow; it did not escape anyone's notice that Carina stayed. "Carina, dear," Mrs. Weasley attempted to usher her out. "Go on, upstairs. You don't need to hear this." "All due respect, Mrs. Weasley," Carina did not budge as she spoke. "You're not my mother. Dad is great, and this is his house, and I am his daughter. He can tell me whatever he wants to." "Actually, maybe you should get to bed, it's late," Sirius shot Mrs. Weasley a look as he herded his unusually silent daughter from the room; she ducked her head, looking completely ashamed. Once out of earshot, Carina raised her head and whispered, "You're telling me everything anyway later, aren't you?" "Of course!" Sirius responded quietly, as though it were obvious. "There are things you need to know, whether they want you to or not, and you're free to tell the others after I've come to inform you. Alright?" "Got it," his baby girl grinned at him, before moving to stomp up the stairs as the others had, intending on sounding furious to dupe the other adults. Sirius leaned back and chuckled. Yes, she was certainly his child. ~~~xxx~~~ The last time Sirius saw Carina, it was in the Department of Mysteries with her friends, Death Eaters swarming them. She drew up beside him to duel, watching carefully as Harry helped Remus dispatch a man off to the side. Carina was fighting quite well, and though not very viciously, much more so than her classmates, having no qualms whatsoever about sending a Death Eater slamming into the wall. Sirius could never have been more proud, quite frankly, even as he grabbed her and ducked behind a rock. "You've done beautifully," he told her, and when rubble fell down upon them, instinctively shielded her from the blow. When he pulled back, Carina was gazing up at him with a frown on her face. "But let me handle it from here. I promised I'd protect you, and I'd like to do my job without having to worry," he offered her a small, quick smile. Carina nodded her head and opened her mouth, obviously about to agree, but then, her arm snapped up to hastily deflect a spell that would have hit Sirius in the back, and the two were hurrying to their feet to fight. It seemed that escaping was out of the question, at least, until they got rid of Lucius and Rabastan; Sirius was glad she had caught the curse when she did, and he was proud she had reacted so quickly. He had trained her well. She was powerful, like any Black, and that raw power gave her the potential to be so much more than what she was. It almost reminded him of Bellatrix, who had always been far too powerful for her own good, far too skilled, and she had known it, flaunted it. They even looked a bit alike, but the similarities ended there. Carina Black was an amazing witch, Sirius thought, watching her ram Rabastan back with a flipendo, fire off the disarming charm, and then a stunner that caught him in the face. Sirius smirked and disarmed Lucius, who looked appropriately astonished for a moment, before he, too, caught a stunner and fell. "Good job, love!" he called to Carina (who had looked proud of herself, and rightly so), and just as he turned, he caught the horror struck look on his daughter's face as everything seemed to move in slow motion. The green light was headed straight for him, and there was no way to dodge, no way to summon anything to block it; there was no time for any of it. His eyes sought her out again, his baby girl, his Carina, and her mouth opened, crying out to him; he tried to smile, to let her know that it was alright. The last thing Sirius Black saw was his daughter, and then, he was drifting into oblivion.