clearly, voice cool and collected. "Lucius, that boy out there is probably going to be one of the most powerful wizards alive. His wish was already powerful enough to bring him here, to our son, straight through our wards. He's only going to become even more powerful – especially with the right training. Politically he's going to be a force to reckoned with as well. Do you really want to be on the opposite side of him if it comes to a war? Do you really want to risk going against him when he's already showing remarkable magic? It's in our best interest to take him in, to raise him alongside Draco. To have him on our side." But that wasn't it really. Not completely anyway. Narcissa's arguments were compelling and true. The wards around the manor were one of the most powerful raised, bar those around Hogwarts maybe. The name ' Harry Potter ' would open a lot of doors later on; only an idiot couldn't see that. Nobody knew how exactly Potter had defeated the Dark Lord, but he was till this date the only one who had managed to survive the Killing Curse. That alone made him an exceptional wizard. Given the right tools, the right training, the right upbringing … Harry Potter would be a force to reckon with. However Narcissa wasn't arguing for those benefits alone. Certainly, she had the best interest of the family in mind; knew how to play around in politics to gain the most favour for the Malfoy name. But this time politics and power were just the arguments she was using to convince Lucius. The real reason why she wanted to keep Potter was hidden deeply in her eyes, but the blond man knew her well enough to read her completely. She had no secrets for him and he could read the longing in her eyes for another child, a second child to raise, to dote on, to take care of. Carrying Draco had been rough on her and during the delivery she had lost an alarming amount of blood and it had taken a lot of spells to keep her with them. They had been advised to not try for a second child, for fear that she wouldn't survive a second pregnancy. The longing for a second child had remained, however, even if she had never spoken about it with her husband. Even if they pretended it didn't hurt that they would never have the chance at another child. Pretended that it didn't ache that they weren't even given the chance to decide whether they wanted more than one child. Now Potter was here, had been practically dropped in their laps, was giving them a chance at having a second child in an admittedly quite unorthodox way. Even if there hadn't been any advantages in keeping the child, Lucius was certain that Narcissa would have gone through hell if that meant she would get the chance to raise another child. There was nothing stronger than a mother's love, after all. Not even magic. He leant back in his chair with a sigh. "I fear the day you decide to enter politics completely. You'd be a force to reckon with, I'm sure." She smiled and walked around the desk to stand next to him. "You just need the occasional reminder as to what is a smart move, darling," she teased and bent down to kiss him softly on his lips. He hummed, kissing her back, and placed his hands on her hips, drawing her in closer. "It's a good thing that I have you then, isn't it?" "What would you be without me?" she chuckled, drawing back from the kiss; her cheeks lightly flushed. He traced the flush with his thumb and had the pleasure of seeing it deepen to a rose red. "I'd be lost without you," he admitted truthfully. She gave him a pleased look. "Let's go back to the boys, shall we? We need to become better acquainted with each other." "It's not going to be easy," he warned her, rising up. She gazed at him defiantly and he was reminded once more why he had fallen for her. "Lucius, if I wanted an easy life, I would have married someone else." "I'm glad you didn't," he murmured and she squeezed his hand. "Let's go." A thought shot through his head when they were nearly at the living room and he groaned, unable to decide whether to be amused or annoyed. "What's wrong?" Narcissa regarded him curiously. "Draco is going to be absolutely insufferable once we tell him our plan," he answered dryly. Her eyes were bright with laughter. "He's a Malfoy. We always get what we want." Her face softened and her hand drifted absentmindedly to her stomach before she dropped it resolutely. He took her hand and pressed a kiss on it, keeping his eyes fixated on hers. "Yes, we do." He turned towards the door; behind that door was a new start for them all, a new path for their family to take. The path wouldn't be smooth; they would encounter trouble, people who would try to hurt them, who would do everything in their power to take them down. But they could do it. A Malfoy never gave up, they persevered and came out on the other side victorious. "Guess wishes do come true sometimes, hm?" he murmured and after sharing another look with Narcissa, they entered the living room hand in hand. Ready for a new year, a new beginning. AN2: babyvfan, I hope this at least comes close to your expectations :) It's maybe not as fluffy as you expected, but well, you know me *coughs* Please leave your thoughts behind in a review; should you spot any mistakes, please point them out to me. I hope to see you all in my other stories! Cuddles Melissa P.S. For more information about my upcoming and posted stories, please visit my profile.