explained, placing his legs on Rebecca's lap, the girl promptly pushing them off. Tessa nodded, loitering in the doorway as she thought about it. She remembered the one encounter she'd had with Sirius' mother. Walburga Black was a truly terrifying woman. Tessa had accidentally bumped into her on the platform in her second year, and she nearly had a heart attack just from the glare she received. She finally understood where Aries got her unusual talent of being the most adorable and most scary person Tessa knew. The blonde cautiously walked forward, smiling at Sirius, who was still smirking at her. She rocked back and forth on her heels, fiddling with her hands as she looked at Sirius' legs taking up the whole seat. "Sirius?" she said. "Yes?" Sirius answered, an expression of fake innocence on his face. "Please can I sit down?" He pretended to think about it, stroking his chin. "I think I'll allow it." She offered him a sarcastic smile, and sat down as he moved his legs, only to place them on her lap once she was seated. She sighed and looked at him, his grin making it nearly impossible for her to stay angry at him. Damn her annoying hormones. Rebecca sat with her back against the wall with the window, her legs bent over Remus' lap, her feet digging into James' leg on the other side, who was squished up against Peter. The black-haired boy had a mischievous look about him, and before Tessa could warn anyone, he had jumped across the room and onto Sirius' legs. "Ow!" Sirius yelped as James settled himself beside Tessa, wiggling for extra emphasis as Sirius groaned in pain. "Merlin, James, you're heavier than a hippogriff." Sirius moaned. "And I've been trampled by one of those, too." "Oh, shush, Sirius. I'm as light as a feather." James denied happily, leaning against Tessa and resting his head on her shoulder. "Aren't I, Tea-leaves?" Rebecca looked up at the mention of tea, her reaction comically fast. "Tea? Who has tea?" Sirius looked at Rebecca. "Calm down, Evans. You'll get tea once we get to Hogwarts." "But that's so long!" Rebecca wailed, head-butting Remus' shoulder, who patted her head as he turned the page of his book. "There's a flask in my bag." he said softly, pointing to the rucksack on the floor. Rebecca's face lit up, and she dived for the bag, producing a large flask of tea. She punched the air and looked up to the heavens, grinning her face off. Tessa, James and Sirius watched with raised eyebrows. "Her tea addiction still as unhealthy as ever, then?" Tessa questioned. "Yeah." James nodded. Rebecca finished her little tribute to the tea gods, before kissing Remus' cheek. Tessa's eyes widened, and she turned to James, her aghast expression demanding an explanation. "Happened at Christmas." James mouthed animatedly, pointing to Rebecca and the blushing Remus, before crossing his fingers and grinning. Sirius snorted with laughter and punched James' shoulder, Rebecca glaring at him. "Listen, Specky, I may be a Ravenclaw, but I am brave enough to kick some Gryffindor arse if you carry on being an insolent little dirt-bag, are we clear?" James gulped. "Yes ma'am." Tessa smirked as Rebecca smiled in satisfaction, winking at the Hufflepuff. The door to the compartment slid open suddenly, clattering as the train jolted forward. A short girl with copper-coloured hair strode in, muttering angrily to herself. "Stupid first years... inferior ... too small for their own good ..." Sirius grinned. "Hello, dear sister." Aries looked over at him, an unimpressed expression on her face. "Hello, Sirius. Nice holiday at Goofy's?" She jerked her head in James' direction, the boy wrinkling his brow, offended. "Wonderful, thank you. How's life with the Blacks?" Aries lips curled up into a smile. "Eventful. Regulus isn't speaking to me." "And why is that?" Sirius questioned, putting on a disapproving voice. Aries shrugged. "I put itching powder in his underwear." The group snickered. "How did your mother take that?" Tessa asked without thinking. She immediately realised what had happened when Aries turned around. "She was more angry at the fact it was a muggle product than – wait!" Aries narrowed her eyes at Tessa, looking down at her. She was dressed in denim shorts and tights, a white shirt with a Peter Pan collar, and a dark green cardigan, but she somehow seemed to be more intimidating than Tessa had ever seen her. And Tessa had seen the girl in her Halloween costumes. Aries raised her head, appearing like a vampire glaring over the collar of their cloak. "Tessa?" Tessa swallowed nervously, nodding. She was fidgeting uncomfortably, wondering whether she should have made a will or not. Aries stood very still for a few moments, before slowly walking forward. Tessa got even more scared with each step, until Aries stopped in front of her. "You're back." she stated simply. "Yes, I am." Tessa replied quietly. "Are you staying?" Tessa nodded again. Everyone else in the compartment was on edge, waiting for Aries to either scream and yell and rip Tessa limb from limb, or morph into a limpet and never let her go. The silence was long. "All right, dipshits, get on with it. I don't want to be a grandma when you two finally remember how to talk." Rebecca groaned. James and Sirius tried to choke down their laughs, but Aries slowly began to smile. She then grinned, and jumped forward, wrapping her arms around Tessa's neck in a hug and incidentally sitting on Sirius' feet. "Why is everyone jumping on my legs today?" Sirius grumbled, huffing in pain. Aries rolled her eyes, smiling at Tessa, who was laughing. "You know, I'm not going to let you go." "Oh, we know." Rebecca muttered, a little salty that she had received no hug. "Oi, Evans, I haven't seen Tessa in a year, wait your turn." Aries scolded. "Look at us, all reunited." James said happily, grinning. "Yay." Rebecca said dryly.