his lips. The warmth from Scorpius's hands washes through his body and the cold air doesn't seem to affect him anymore. "I don't wanna talk about it" He said pulling his hands away and getting up. He can't keep on thinking this way. He needs to stop, for God sakes this is his best friend! As soon as he pulls away a flash of hurt goes through Scorpius's eyes and Albus wants to hit himself. "O-Okay… I am sorry if I upset you today" He hears Scorpius say in a soft voice with the obvious pain in it and Albus hates himself even more. "You didn't do anything to upset me Scorp" he says trying his best not be an areshole. Scorpius looks down, staring at the ground as he bites his lower lip, fidgeting a little. Albus lets out a sigh and reaches out to wrap his arms around the blonde pulling the boy in a hug. He loves the height difference between them, with him being tall and Scorpius being just 2 inches smaller. They fit perfectly as if they were made for each other. Immediately their bodies press together bring in the warmth. He can feel Scorpius arms going around his waist as he nuzzles his face into Albus's neck. "I promise you didn't upset me" He whispered softly into the blonde's ear. He can feel Scorpius holding on to his shirt tightly 'why is your hand hurt then?' he hears him say. The warm breath tickles his neck sending a shiver down his body. "Because I am an idiot" He says taking in the sweet scent of vanilla as he rubs his nose softly against the blond hair. He hears a small chuckle leave Scorpius lips as the blond looks up with his dashing grin. So close. They are so close that if Albus leans down just a little, he can capture those juicy red lips with his. He feels as if his breath is stolen away from him and he knows if he doesn't let go soon he's going to regard his next move. He lets go of Scorpius and pushes himself back giving a small smile to the blonde. "Come on, let's go back. It's getting cold" says Albus as he reaches his hand out and tucks the blond locks behind Scorpius's ear. He watches as Scorpius's pale cheeks turn red, his heart skips a beat and he drops his hand down knowing he is so royally fucked. "Yeah… let's go" Whispers Scorpius. It's been weeks and Albus is trying his best to avoid Scorpius, not that it was hard to do since Rose always took the blond away even before they reached The Great Hall. Still he manages to avoid Scorpius's questions, his grey eyes when Albus knows he's been watched. He doesn't engage himself into long conversations, tries to keep them short. For the first few week he denied his feelings for the blonde. Then he tried to accept them when it was getting too painful to watch Rose flirt with Scorpius and the blonde flirting back. Slowly he started to avoid Scorpius all together because his emotions were getting out of control. He couldn't stand watching him be happy with Rose. It hurt too much, he would rather avoid it. Although, whenever Scorpius was around, his heart would beat out of his chest. His eyes would only follow the blond, like nothing else mattered. Whenever Scorpius smiled, Albus would have the urge to kiss him. Deeply. Senselessly. He wanted to suck on those soft lips, he wanted to explore the blonde's mouth with his tongue. Albus was sure he would taste like vanilla, because that's how Scorpius smells like. He wanted to suck on his tongue and then trail wet kisses down his pointy jaw. Letting out a tired sigh, he slowly walked down the dungeon when suddenly someone came and roughly turned him around. He met angry grey eyes, and his heart stopped. "Are you done avoiding me!?" he sounded angry, probably the most angry Albus had ever seen him. "Are you done following Rose around like a lost puppy?" maybe that wasn't the right thing to say, but at this moment Albus really didn't care. "What!? Don't you dare to drag her into this" there was a mixture of shock and anger mixed in Scorpius eyes. Albus felt anger boil into him. "I am gonna bloody drag her into this! You are always with her! It's like you don't even care about me anymore! You don't even know me anymore" Albus shouted starling Scorpius. "Of course I care about you! I do know you Albus, we are best friends! You are the one avoiding me!" Scorpius yelled back. "Best friends? Don't fuck with me" Albus let out a dark chuckle "You know what Scorpius! I am so done with you. Ever since we came back all you have been doing is running around with Rose. You don't fucking care what I do! Do you even know where I go when you ditch me for her! You leave me behind like I am bloody worth nothing to you! Tell me one bloody thing I have done this semester! I bet you don't even know that I have personal classes with the head minister for spells and charms! Still think you fucking know me?" Scorpius's eyes were wide open, his lips trembling. Shock was written all over his face. "A-Albus… you know that's not true. Why didn't you tell m-" "Don't. Just shut up Malfoy and leave me alone" Albus said turning fast, his robe flying around him leaving Scorpius by himself. That was all for chapter one! next chapter is going to be Drarry... hopefully... No most likely lol. I just wanna get into Drarry, hahah (Not that I have anything against Scorblus) but I wanna take this story slowly so that it makes sense. Please do let me know your thoughts and feed back. Thank you all for reading!