and cleaned the wound. "It's better than I expected," she assured the noticeably nervous Margaux. "I can fix the wound right now and he'll be out of here within an hour." "Would you mind staying with him, Margaux?" Seamus asked. "We've got a lot of homework, including a nasty potions essay due tomorrow." Neville's eyes grew wide. "Of course!" Margaux said. "I'll walk him back to the tower." "Thanks, doll. We appreciate you. So does Dean." Seamus shoved Neville towards the door and the second the double doors slammed shut, Neville cried, "Potions essay! When did Snape assign that?" "Shut up, ya ninny," Seamus hushed him. "There is no essay. Don't you think Dean would like a little private time with Margaux?" Realization swept over Neville. "Ohh. Wow. You're a genius." "He needs time to charm the little lass. And even better, we won't be there to hear all the mushy shit." Neville thought a moment. "I never really got the impression she fancied him until she started crying just now." Seamus grabbed Neville's arm and shook it. "I KNOW! Dean's gonna be thrilled. She might not fancy him, but she definitely cares about him." "Oh yeah, definitely" Neville said. "Maybe next week Lenore can injure you," Seamus joked. "Maybe that'll speed things up a bit." Neville rolled his eyes. About forty-five minutes later, Madame Pomphrey released Dean from the hospital. He was still a little loopy, so Margaux held him steady by the arm as they returned to the dormitories. She really hoped he was doing alright. She felt so bad for hurting him. "I'm sorry, again," she said. "No," he slurred, "everything is okay." Margaux smiled. "Are you embarrassed about being bested by a book?" "Next time, I'll beat the living daylights out of that book," he smiled. His amusement quickly turned into a drug induced glee. "You're so pretty, Margaux." Margaux squinted. "Okayyy, thanks, Dean. You're pretty, too." "Thank you!" he said. "I know!" His eyes were closed and his smile was wide. As they turned the corner, he rammed his shoulder into the wall. "Oh, pardon me, miss," he said politely to the wall. He reached up and tipped the imaginary hat on his head. Margaux tried to stifle her laughter. He was an arse to her, but an amusing arse. Margaux knew he was never truly being mean when he was rude to her. He was just difficult and stubborn. She did not hate him, despite what he thought. The last time he accused her of hating him, she agreed with him. She instantly regretted it. She stared up at him for a moment, at his dark brown eyes, his curly hair, and his arm slung around her. Dean was annoying, but she did not hate him. The pair walked in silence until they reached the Gryffindor entrance. "So," Dean turned to Margaux, "ya come here often?" Margaux gave him a confused look. "I live here." "I'm practicing my chat-up lines," he smiled. "It wasn't very good," she laughed. "You don't think so?" "No, not at all." Dean stared at her a moment. "You're so pretty, Mar." "You've mentioned that," she smiled. "And you better stop mentioning it before I punch you." She noticed how dangerously close she was so Dean's face. His lips were mere centimeters from hers. "You don't want me to call you pretty?" "No," she said firmly. Dean nodded. "I won't. You're more than pretty, though, Mar. You're you." Her lips parted. You're you . Holy shit, that was probably the most romantic thing a bloke had ever said to her. She shook her head. This was Dean. He was going to end with a joke or an insult. He did not actually think she was pretty. "You don't want to kiss me?" he whispered. "I..." Her eyes flickered between his eyes and lips. "If you don't want me to, say no." Margaux was silent. She could not get her brain to work. Her mouth was not connected to her brain. No. No, she could say 'no' if she wanted. The thing is, she did not want to say no. She had never actually kissed a bloke before. It sounded stupid. She was fifteen and had never kissed a boy. Apparently that was normal, but she was teased for it by her friends. The truth is, she was scared. She just wanted one kiss, just to get over the fear. One kiss, from a nobody. That nobody would be Dean. He was so, so close to her and she could feel his hot breath. He smelled like electric mint. "You're sure?" he asked. "Do it." His lips met hers and her stomach unfurled from its knot. He tasted sweet and minty and he made her brain buzz. She kissed him once, then he leaned away slowly. Their eyes met for a split second, then he pressed a finger to Margaux's nose. "Bop," he said, with a flick of his wrist. Margaux's mouth dropped open. She was stunned. She was not sure if Dean knew what he was doing. He could not have. He did not know what he was doing. She shook her head. Hopefully he would not remember this in the morning. "Margaux," Dean said. "Where is Jimmy?" "Jimmy?" she snapped out of her daze. "The unicorn that teaches me French! Oh, Jimmy is a cheeky lad." This confirmed to Margaux that Dean was out of it. She brushed the kiss off as a side affect of the drugs. She guided him through the portrait hole and towards the boys dormitory stairs. "Jimmy's up there," she said with a slight shove. "But first he wants you to take a short nap." "I'm coming Jimmy!" Dean screeched as he ran up the stairs, tripping midway, but getting right back up again. Before he continued up, he turned to face Margaux. "Jimmy would like you." "Tell Jimmy thank you," Margaux laughed. Dean disappeared up the stairs. Margaux sighed. That was incredibly weird.