released. She didn't know anyone, and didn't have the money to strike out on her own. Once she added the fact that she'd be probably be younger before she left, there was no way she'd be taken seriously as the mature adult she was. As luck would have it, she did notice that her beaded bag was on her bedside table. She'd lived on the run before and a month was nothing in comparison to the year-long hunting trip with her friends. It wasn't her first choice, but it'd at least be somewhat safe. As soon as Professor Dumbledore showed up, he cast a Silencing Charm and settled himself into the chair by the bed, "I apologize for my tardiness. I've been pondering your dilemma over the past few days and believe I've found a solution. If you're agreeable, you will be placed under the guardianship of a trusted family. They will take you in as one of their own. The story will be simple, you were sent to your mother's school for your first years. You transferred because you were curious about your father's schooling. How does that sound so far?" Hermione nodded, "Sounds better than my transfer story. Where will my mother originally be from?" The old man's eyes twinkled, "How's your French?" Her stomach dropped. He couldn't possibly mean… "Passable. My parents and I used to spend a couple of weeks there in the Summer to visit my Aunt. Although, I'm a bit rusty." Professor Dumbledore smiled, "Not to worry. Your mother, for all intents and purposes, is a lovely woman who would be more than happy to help, I assure you." When she agreed, he continued, "I'm not sure if you've ever heard of Beauxbatons Academy, but it's a fairly elite school in the outskirts of Paris. Their uniforms are much different than ours-" "I'm afraid I'll have to stop you there, Professor." Hermione interrupted and thought of the best way to tell him how she already knew about them without telling him too much. It wasn't long before a light went off, "You see, my friend's brother married a woman from that school. We weren't close, but she did like to talk about her school in comparison to ours." The Headmaster looked at her in befuddlement, "Interesting and rather convenient. Seeing that there's no need to go on, there are other matters to discuss." He pulled out a small blueish-green phial from his inner robes, "This is the De-Aging potion Horace had in stock. With our combined knowledge, we've figured out just the right about to shave about two years off your age." Hermione's brow furrowed. She knew Professor Slughorn didn't do something for nothing -he was the Head of Slytherin after all, "That's it. He did it. No questions asked?" "Nothing of consequence. Merely to turn a blind eye when his parties get a bit out of hand." He paused then added, "And contact information to some key people in the Austrian Ministry." The young witch was curious as to why the Potions Master couldn't just owl them himself, but perhaps he didn't know them and the Headmaster was the mediator. She mentally shook herself and grabbed the tiny bottle. Hermione unstoppered and sniffed it before bringing it to her lips. The potion burned down her throat and settled uncomfortably in her stomach. Without warning, white hot pain shot through her body. The witch curled into herself hoping to gain some relief. None came. She subtly glanced at her left arm and noted with some satisfaction that the 'Mudblood' brand would no longer mar her body. She didn't know if anyone else had seen it, but given that no one had commented on it, she guessed not. Her scars slowly stitched themselves together. Hermione began to convulse as her body continued to rewrite itself. Tears streamed down her face. She tried to remain silent, but pitiful whines slipped through her lips too often for her liking. After what felt like hours later, the pain began to subside. She took a huge sigh of relief and slid her eyes shut. "How are you feeling?" He asked, calmly. Hermione stifled an irritated sigh, "Just peachy." She murmured. "How do I look?" The Headmaster shrugged, "Your guess is as good as mine." He brandished his arm in the air and conjured a medium-sized mirror. "I know it may be difficult, but can you tell me how old you are?" When she looked at her reflection, Hermione noted that she definitely looked younger. She had to hand it to Dumbledore, one percent of her was terrified that she'd turn into a five year old. She smiled and her eyes were immediately drawn to her mouth. They'd been smaller for so long that she'd almost forgotten about the day Malfoy hexed her. She fought back tears, "You said only a couple years would be shaved off." "You have to remember that you're the first person to try this fast-release version. The DADA professor is taking the summer to visit her relatives in the United States, and hers is going to take a little bit more time." Hermione nodded and studied her reflection further. Her face didn't have baby fat, not that she'd had much to begin with, but that ruled out her first and second years. She shuddered to think that she'd be a third year. Looking down her body she didn't think she could pass for one any way. So she came up with the next logical place. The young witch sighed, "I'm fourteen, a fourth year." Author's Note: Hello Harry Potter fans! :) This is my first HP fanfic and would love to have your feedback. I have been writing just this chapter alone for over six months. I figured it was about time I stopped with my small tweakings and just let you guys be the judge. A very special 'thank you' goes out to mmayal, my wonderful Beta. I couldn't have done this without you!