you said you swear you never tell!" "I didn't say who it was just their gender" "That Not the point!!!" "Ok! I don't need to know that, get to the point already!! Potter why did you wait until now to agree to my offer" . Harry simply look at the blonde his face show next to nothing but his bright green eyes glow just like the very spell had taken away his parents and Cedric's live cold and cruel. Draco Malfoy surdenly feel glad that he was not the one those eyes are 'looking' at. "Because I'm choosing my own life if some meddling old fool thinks that he could control me like some mindless puppet" the fourth-year Slytherin look at the Green eyes teen then sign heavily "What did you two want me to do obviously you didn't kidnap me just to say you're turning dark?" . "No Malfoy we're not turning dark, not completely that is more like gray a bit lean too dark but not completely. What we want you to do Is to ask your father make Fudge let Sirius Black have a Trial and better if give Peter Pettigrew to the Dementor to kiss" "Black? sure" "and If you're going to... wait what?" "I say sure I'll tell father to get Black a Trial" . The two Gryffindor was very surprised at his answer. "Why?" Harry ask "My mother was a Black, Sirius Black is the current head of the Black house is just that simple" "Really? that is?" Hermione raises an eyebrow "yes, Granger that it. I suppose a Muggle-born like you don't know much about pureblood family, we stick together you see, it a type of magic itself" The two friends look at each other than turn back to young Draco Malfoy with their hand shake. " Truce " Golden wired tide their vows. ~~~~ End of Flashback~~~~ Harry look at the small clock on his table which read 11:00 p.m he gathers all of his important items into the bag with un-detective extension charm that Hermione made for him earlier that summer. Casting a wandless Alohamora he walk out of his room open the door to his aunt and uncle's room take out take out his wand, not the Holly wand from Ollivander but another one he and Hermione purchase to get away from the Ministry trance any cast a powerful curse on the two elder Dursley so that everytime they speak a single lie about him or his parent they would suffer pain from both physical and mental the only exception is information about magic. Then Harry cast a much more powerful version of the Obliviate charm so that no one muggle will remember of a boy name Harry Potter, close his so call guardians room's door Harry walk down the stair what wait for him surprise him or better yes who, Dudley Dursley is standing down stair with a trunk by his side at first he thought if Dudley going to run away or something until he saw two letter on the trunk 'L.E' he raise a brow then look at his cousin with question. "So are you leaving for good now?" Dudley ask "Yes, you sound like you don't want me to go. You seem different this year Dud care to share what been on your mind lately?" Harry sound amuse he is amused with this new side of his cousin. "Aren't you scared of me? what change?" "Not anymore. My horizon is bigger this year, I like a girl in school she kind, smart and pretty at least to me she is the other just said she look normal but she, not my parent define of 'normal' so I hide it. One day we actually talk with each other and I found out what I been taught to believe all my live is a lie a very dirty lie. I really like her Harry I do and I found out I can't have everything in my life I need to earn it fair and square so I been going on diet and doing work out. I thought back to my life and see what I am is not something good I was lazy, fat and horrible expectedly to you I know no amount of sorry I'm going to say is going to let you forgive me. I found this trunk on the arctic and found out is was you mum's-aunt Lilly's old trunk back when she was young and manned to dig out old letters that she sent to my mum, to see she is not the type of person mum had told me growing up. Harry I don't want to be like my parents I want to be proud of what is right and admitting my own mistake not blame it on a kid like my dad or being so bitter about not having some fancy talent and take it out on a family. Everyone is different and it stupid to expect everything to be the same!!" Harry just look at his cousin, not the same spoil obese brat he was but a grown man. "I'm proud of you Dudley you become different from your parent. And all of this for a girl I have to said she a keeper" "Yeah, I thought so too" "Farewell cousin, if our path cross in the future let us get along" Harry take the trunk from Dudley and leave number four Privet Drive in the dark of night. Dumbledore would pay, he'll pay for every single second in the past fifteen years and when he has done with the old goat, not even death could fix him. *Some mysterious location* "Dumbledore has pulled the last straw with the Triwizard Tournament. From now on the International Confederation of Wizards would take control of Britain' Ministry of magic" "The fool will pay for what he done" A flash oh of lightening show shadow figure of four then every thing fade to black.