of jitters. What he said after that made her confused. "What rendezvous? The last time I saw you it was after the Magician's Euphony, then now." "Oh, really? I remember it all so well. You were getting quite chummy towards me. Especially how you practically threw yourself at me." He snickered. Her eyes popped, "What in the devil are you talking about? I did no such thing!" From what she could recall. His asseveration was starting to concern her. "You know perfectly well, Granger. I was about to leave after receiving your 'terrific' display of gratitude for my saving you from those mongrels, that fancy themselves dancers. Then, just my luck, I came across that little gem." He pointed towards her silver bejeweled clutch in her hand. "I was going to just toss it but then I thought better of it so I tucked it away from prying eyes. As I was leaving, you suddenly leaped out of the tapestry, pouncing on me. You knocked my head real hard in the process, not to mention ruining my expensive dress robes in the process-You owe me for that, which is my excuse for not having the sense to drag you towards one of the professors for sexual harassment. My bad for not going through with it, I would have loved to see your face when they expelled your arse." He sneered. "Wha-Ju-! Gah, don't be ridiculous, you bastard! I wouldn't be caught dead thinking of you in that way, let alone do anything of the sort.. to anyone! I'm not that kind of girl.." "You can defend yourself all you like, little mouse, but I can't help but recall the way you groaned when I swept the hair off your face to discover who my little offender was. I do say, I was shocked to see it was you. What's worse, you managed to also discard my wand, and left me defenseless against your advancements." She was speechless at what he was accusing so he plowed through, "You draped yourself on my person in the most unladylike like fashion and made work for me to get you off. You even had the audacity to fall asleep! I had to whisk you away to the infirmary before you got us both in trouble and for that you owe me an apology." She was fuming now, not only disbelieving everything that spewed out of his perfect lips. Oh she resented those lips. She resented him and everything that has happened because of him. Why is this even happening to her? And now he wants her to apologize?! 'Oh, that retched ferret!' But before she could utter a word in defiance, he cut her off. "No, don't even bother trying to say sorry now. I have a much better idea to get back at you for all the trouble you have cause me.." "Trouble..?! Caused you-" "Silence, mudblood! I have given you my proposition, yet.." Her ears were turning scarlet now, though her face could be excused as blushing from anger, he assumed there were more to it than meets the eye, which somehow made him feel triumphant in taming his new pet. "..What do you want from me, Malfoy. Be warned, I won't do anything that will break the school rules or force me to miss any classes.." "That's the spirit." he smiled ruefully, looking down to her lips and back to her hazel eyes. He stepped closer, leaning in towards her chair she was still sitting in, making her lean further back if it was even possible. "You will be mine. My own personal slave to do what I want. Fulfill my every whim. When I feel I have been compensated enough I will release you to go do whatever you waste your life on." She gasped, "Never in a million years!" "Alright then," He backed away, "I'll just go take this on a little trip into Hogsmeade and share the gruesome news! Hermione Granger is a philandering stalker who dreams of bedding the ever ravishing Drac-" He didn't get to finish when she lurched forwards and clamped a hand down over his mouth. What little distance between them flourished unwanted desires in his mind he shoved away to it's inner recesses. "Fine..!" She hissed, "I'll do it." She said it so quietly he almost missed it. "What was that, stalker? I didn't hear you." "I said fine. I'll be your little.. whatever. Just don't tell anyone.. well, anything!" A grim smile spread upon his face, "Alright, little mouse. We have a deal." A/N: Thanks for reading, guys! I have a feeling I am much better at one shots than I am at long stories. This is my longest chapter I have ever written on here, I can't wait to reread it in fanfiction format on my phone and see if it really does look that long or if it's just me. On Word, it's like 15 pages and took under a week to write. Kudos to everyone who can do serious writing and update up to even 30 chapters. I love all the works I read on here. Anyway, let me know if you like this oneshot because I just might make it a two-sies! Hehe. Feel free to adopt any of my work on here. I love setting up the plot and then feel sad if I spend too much time away from updating. If you do please let me know so I can see where you take the characters, it's always fascinating what other writers come up with! XOXOXO~Anna P.S.~ Please review, good or flames. I just want to see what you think! I know sometimes I don't stick to the storyline or totally mess things up, I'm always half awake and too tired to notice [or care, cough cough] I have kids and a lot of stuff I have to do outside this site, so I sadly can't be perfect like our hot Slytherin tries to be ;)