was without a doubt heard by the whole hall. Draco shivered as he heard the surprisingly soft voice of Potter, as the rebel leader stood relaxed beside Dumbledore with his hands along his side. Draco had to admit that Potter was pretty tall, probably an inch taller than him and that the rebel leader seemed fit. Perhaps that was something that came with being the leader of a rebellion? Having to be prepared to fight, both with body and mind. Dumbledore nodded towards Potter as he took a step back to let the raven-haired boy speak for himself. Potter didn't seem scared as he looked out over the students, wary perhaps or maybe calculating, but far from nervous for finding himself speaking in front of hundreds of students. "Good evening", Potter greeted them, still with a soft voice. "I'm sorry to inform you that at the moment we can't allow you any outward contact with the world." The hall was deadly silent as Potter continued. "As many of you know or maybe suspects, the MCE rebellion has for the time being taken over this school. But-" Potter said before the students could start to whisper. "You have my promise, as have your principal, that no students will come to harm if you obey these three simple rules. One-" Potter held up three fingers while bending down one of them as he continued. "No contact with the outer world through owls or other means. The students we find doing this will be put in isolation in supervised quarters until we see fit to let them out or we leave the school." Potters words were met by silence as he lowered a second finger. "Second rule. Don't try to flee from this place. If any of you decides to escape we will hunt you down and bring you back here", Potter's eyes darkened slightly and Draco was pretty sure that he wasn't the only one who trembled at the sight. "If you try you will also be put in isolation, receiving the same treatment as if you broke rule one." The dark-haired Vampire paused and looked around in the hall, almost daring people to oppose him before lowering his last finger and dropping his arm down his side. "Third and last rule", he said and continued to gaze out over the people that watched him in an alarming fascination. "If you try to hurt any of us, we will defend ourselves." Potter's gaze turned deadly as he uttered the last rule and Draco felt a familiar fear return as he looked into the eyes of a feral monster. This was crazy. How were they suppose to coexist with animals who could kill them if they made the wrong move, how could Dumbledore allow this to happen. Draco sent a look towards the old man behind the Dark Vampire, he looked troubled. So, Draco thought as the Vampire disappeared from the front, the headmaster isn't taking this lying down… He was obviously in disagreement with endangering his students but this was supposedly the best deal he'd been able to make. The best conditions for a supposedly truce. Dumbledore retook his place in front of the students and wrapped the whole thing up with a calm voice and reassuring eyes. The MCE was to be stationed in the east wing of the castle and should not be disturbed while they stayed there. Some guards would also be around in the yard and guarding the premises and a couple would be wandering the halls to keep an eye on things. Dumbledore said that there was nothing to be worried about but warned all the same everyone not to appear hostile or attack. Like they needed to be told twice. Potter watched the whole interaction from the head table with that piercing stare of his sweeping the hall. Keeping an eye out for troublemakers no doubt. Dumbledore finished his speech with reminding everyone that classes would proceed as usual and that communication outside the castle was from here on strictly forbidden as well as leaving the area. Draco felt a jolt of adrenaline hit him as he rose from the table with his classmates. The whole thing was over. Finally! Draco longed for bed and something strong to calm his frayed nerves and beating heart. He tugged at Blaise's arm as Pansy joined them with a scowl on her face. Obviously she didn't enjoy being told what to do and what not to do and proceeded at once with complaining about how MCE dared to treat them, THEM, like they were the ones that needed to be contained. Blaise interrupted Pansy in her rant outside the common room as it stood two tall men at the side of the portrait. Slytherin's were streaming in through the open portrait hole as the men regarded the flow of students with calculating eyes. Draco looked at them with wary as he immediately recognised one of them. Fenrir Greyback. Wizard murderer, a living nightmare and apparently part of the MCE rebellion. Draco felt a choking feeling as he saw the man his father had put in prison ten years ago in front of him. Who had he been kidding; this situation would never be safe or okay. If the MCE was made out of many more people like Greyback, Draco had nothing to worry from Potter. He would probably already be dead before the almighty Vampire was even made aware of him being Lucius son. Fuck AN/ Yello! I have done the thing I promised myself not to do x) I've started a story (long one). I usually suck at updating so I've actually pre-written some chapters before realising this first one. Unfortunately there is still two weeks of school left for me, but after that magic will be happening ;) so bear with me and I shall finish this story! BELIEVE! I hope you enjoyed your read! Review if it was to your liking^^ Have a continuing great night/day!