to know you better.' 'Don't go to any trouble!' Draco snapped sarcastically. 'I'm sure I'm just as horrible as you are imagining.' Dumbledore leant nearer and rested his hand lightly on Draco's exposed forearm. There were those shivers again, Draco noticed instantly. 'I don't imagine you are horrible, at all.' Dumbledore said gently. 'You are very angry a lot of the time though, which saddened me somewhat. I do not like to think of my students being so unhappy in my school.' 'You can't possibly worry about all of them!' Draco gave a dejected laugh. 'So what am I? The latest project?' Draco tried to sound so angry but Dumbledore remembered the look of sadness in Draco's eyes that morning, and his bewilderment when he was shown kindness. He needed to find a way through the boys defences. Here was a child with absolutely no faith in humanity. No concept that anyone could like him or want to show him any kindness. Something had to be done to change that. 'You are a young man who I should have made a greater effort to form a friendship with from the start.' Dumbledore answered, moving a little closer. 'Why?' Draco asked suspiciously. 'Because you are very intelligent, quick witted, if not always kind with it...' Dumbledore began. 'You are very defensive, Draco but I am keen to get to know the person behind all that.' Draco frowned, silenced by the compliments for a moment. 'What would you like to know about me?' He asked at last. This caught Dumbledore off guard and he struggled for a moment to think of a question that wasn't "what scent are you wearing" or "is your hair really as soft as it looks"? 'What sort of things do you like to do?' He asked, having collected his thoughts. 'Hobbies, interests...?' 'I like spending money.' Draco replied. 'I like expensive things and showing them off to other people who don't have them.' He upped his game a little. 'I like teasing Hufflepuffs and winding up Gryffindors. I like learning about dark magic and I like being the best at things.' He concluded with a spiteful grin. This little speech shouldn't have been endearing, but somehow it was. It was so childish. Draco was trying to be difficult on purpose. Dumbledore smiled. 'Do you really...?' He asked. 'So, what is it you plan to do when you leave school, in between spending money and teasing people, or course?' 'I didn't come here so you could make fun of me!' Draco snapped and turned away sharply. Dumbledore rested a supportive hand on Draco's shoulder. 'I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make fun of you, Draco. But I can't help but feel you didn't give me a sensible answer.' Draco turned back round to face him. They were close now. Closer than perhaps was appropriate, Dumbledore thought, given that now he couldn't take his eyes off Draco's full, glossy pink lips. 'I don't know what I like.' Draco said. 'I like being at school because it's better than being at home. I like learning things because it's useful to know as much as you can. I like reading and I like walking around in the grounds by myself. And I like it when...' He stopped suddenly. 'When what?' Dumbledore asked. This was more like it. Draco had just admitted he liked being at school more than home. Now they were getting somewhere! 'I like it when you're nice to me.' Draco said very simply. Dumbledore was staggered. He frowned in a concerned way as Draco looked back at him with clear, steady, grey eyes. 'When I am nice to you?' He echoed, trying to understand what this meant. Draco nodded. 'When you're nice to me, like you were this morning when you touched my face. And just now, when you stroked my arm.' Draco smiled shyly. Albus felt his heart rate rise, and he began to panic. Both of these instances involved him touching Draco. He hadn't really realised he had done it, which might actually make it worse, not better. But Draco had noticed and had added the experience to his rather short list of things that he liked. Dumbledore drew back from Draco a little. 'I am sorry, Draco. It was probably wrong of me to have touched you. I am not in the habit of seeking out physical contact with my students. I would not want you to think this were the case.' Draco looked sad and a little crestfallen. 'But I liked it.' He almost whispered in a very mournful tone. 'I'm sorry. I shouldn't have mentioned it, should I? It's just, it felt kind, that's all.' This was rather heartbreaking, Albus had to admit. Draco sounded so forlorn and vulnerable and his intentions in mentioning it seemed so innocent. Dumbledore rested his hand lightly on Draco's, to reassure him. 'You haven't done anything wrong.' He soothed. 'There is nothing wrong with wanting to be shown kindness. Perhaps a good way to start is if you try to show it to others a little more often?' He was pleased. There seemed to have been a breakthrough and the conversation had turned a corner. Hopefully Draco would not fly of the handle at this suggestion. 'OK.' Draco said with a smile. 'I will try, professor.' With that, Draco lent in towards Dumbledore. He locked his eyes with him for a second before his fluttered shut and he closed the distance between them, pressing their lips together. Draco's kiss was chaste. As chaste as a kiss on the lips can be. It lasted no more than three seconds. Draco did not open his mouth, he did not use his tongue. He simply pressed their lips together affectionately and then pulled away. He stood up. 'I'm going to go now.' He said decidedly. 'Good night professor.' He turned and walked away. 'Good night Draco.' Dumbledore somehow managed to utter though his shock. What on earth had just happened?