into the common room—he had forgotten his essay. Ron raised an eyebrow and said "what's going on over here?" "Nothing" Harry said. "Ginny was just keeping me company while I finished my homework. No, nothings going on between us, I wouldn't do that to you." Harry added after he saw the skeptical look on Ron's face. Ron smiled, grabbed his essay, and headed back upstairs. Harry followed. Ginny's heart was in pieces. She thought she was finally going to get some alone time with Harry, but Ron came in and ruined it. On top of it all, Harry said he would never date Ginny because she was Ron's little sister. Ginny went to go up to her bedroom and she ran into Hermione on the stairs. Hermione pulled her into a hug and whispered "I heard everything." Ginny started to cry as the two of them stood there hugging in silence . June 24 Everyone was cheering. All four contestants were now in the maze and all they had to do was reach the cup to be crowned champions. An hour passed by and both Fleur and Krum were out of the maze, neither of them with the tri-wizard cup. A bright light flashed in the middle of the maze. It was Cedric and Harry getting teleported to the graveyard, but nobody knew that. They all thought it was a sign of battle. Another 20 minutes passed, a bright light flashed in front of the stands, and two bodies appeared holding a cup. There was a thunderous applause shortly followed by screams of terror. Nobody knew what was happening. There were odd shouts here and there of "Diggory is dead". Ginny was is disbelief until she saw it for herself. The lifeless body of Cedric was sprawled on the grass, his father screaming in agony over it. Mrs. Weasley tried to cover Ginny's eyes but she did not succeed. Ginny only sought one person, Harry. She scanned the lawn frantically until she finally saw him. Her heart nearly stopped at the sight of him. There was blood covering his face, his leg bone was coming through his skin, dirt all over his body, robes torn, glasses broken. Tears fell down her cheeks as she saw Harry disappear under the arm of Moody. Dumbledore apparently noticed this too. He nodded to both Snape and McGonagall and the three pursued at once. All Ginny knew was that something was wrong, though she didn't know what. Everyone was shuffled back to their dormitories, waiting for further instructions. June 25 No new instructions came for the next day. It was now nine o'clock the following evening, everyone was only aloud to lave the common room for mealtime. Everyone was sitting around the common room in silence waiting for further news. The portrait hole slowly opened revealing a teary eyed Hermione and a shaken up Ron. The room went silent immediately before Ron stated "Harry is going to be fine, but that's the least of our concerns right now. And everyone be sure to be at breakfast tomorrow morning. Dumbledore's making an announcement." With that Ron went up to his dormitory and Hermione came over to speak to Ginny. She whispered in Ginny's ear so that only she could hear "Harry woke up in the middle of the day and said you could go visit if you'd like. He's probably sleeping now, but it would mean a lot to him if he knew you went to see him." In an instant, Ginny exited through the portrait hole and made her way towards the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey was in her back room catching up on sleep. The only other person in the wing was Harry who looked so peaceful as he lay there dreaming. Ginny walked over to Harry's bed and sat down on the edge of it. She gently put one of her hands on his and reached with the other into a pocket of her robes. She took out a get well card she had made in her spare time and slipped it into Harry's robe pocket. She began to cry at the look of Harry. He was no longer covered in blood, but he was dirty and looked a mess. Ginny sat there for twenty minutes in silence before she felt she had to return to the common room. Ginny checked over her shoulder to make sure nobody was watching, then she did something she had never done before. She bent over Harry and kissed him on the forehead and whispered the words "I love you." Ginny slowly walked away from his bed and right before she exited she took one last look back at Harry before closing the door and going to meet up with her friends. June 26 The whole school was gathered in The Great Hall eagerly awaiting Professor Dumbledore's announcement. Harry had rejoined his classmates, but it was clear he did not wish to speak with anybody about what happened. Most people respected his request except for, of course, Malfoy. Malfoy could be seen badgering Harry all morning until Harry finally lost his cool and said to Malfoy "When you get home, ask your father how Voldemort's cruciatus curse felt. I'll do the same to you in about three seconds if you don't back off." With a deadly glare, Malfoy recognized defeat and went back to his own table. It was at this moment Dumbledore stood up and gave his speech. Everyone was speechless at the end. Harry was on the receiving end of many stares and glares but he just kept his head down. As soon as they were dismissed Harry rushed out of The Great Hall and went straight back up to his bed room. He stayed there until it was time to go home on the Hogwarts Express. When they got off the train that evening, Harry and Ginny shared a warm, passionate hug before passing through the barrier and parting ways for the summer.