taunted and laughed when Harry cursed at him; green eyes looking at him with a mixture of deviancy and lust. The time for teasing was over, however, and Draco set about driving Harry wild, eager to pull out all sorts of noises from his partner. He kept changing the rhythm of his thrusts: now it was long and deep, then short and quick, before he would slow down and grind his hips against Harry's arse, feeling muscles contract around him, seemingly desperate to keep him inside. "I – I need …" Harry groaned, his hands constantly shifting over Draco's shoulders and chest and arms, as if he couldn't decide where to keep them but knowing he needed to hold on as Draco set about fucking his brains out. "What, what do you need, love?" Draco whispered in his ear, panting as he shifted, aware of Harry's member trapped between their bellies; the sheen of sweat coating their bodies making it easier to move. His own was throbbing and he knew it wouldn't be long anymore before his climax would sweep him away, but he would be damned if he didn't get to see Harry come first. "F-fuck, I – I need to come," Harry whimpered, his fingers loosening their grasp around Draco's upper arm and drifting down. Before he could touch himself, Draco smacked his hand out of the way and took over, roughly stroking up and down, matching his thrusts with the speed of his hand. He just needed a bit more … Just a bit to, right there, he found it, angled his hips a bit, putting more force behind his thrusts and then suddenly Harry was thrown over the edge, his back arching from the bed, as his mouth opened in a silent scream. Transfixed Draco watched how a flush deepened on Harry's cheeks before it travelled down and some tears escaped, glistening like diamonds in the light. Harry's pupils were fully blown out when he opened his eyes and stared right at Draco as he slumped back down on the bed. "Draco." It was his name, whispered in that husky, rough tone while muscles squeezed down and lips brushed against his own that caused him to lose it and he snapped his hips forwards one last time, muffling his scream in Harry's shoulder when he was swept away by the pleasure, which coursed through his body like lava. When he had enough presence of mind to pull back and drop down next to Harry, his legs felt like jelly as if he had been running a marathon. "Damn, if this is how we do it after you've been sick, I won't ever complain about your whininess again," Harry croaked out, blinking rapidly as he brushed some sweaty strands from his forehead. "Had to make up for lost time," Draco muttered, a tad exhausted. He reached out with his arm and used it to tug Harry closer to him, pressing a soft kiss against his temple. Harry turned to lie on his side, wincing slightly when he threw his leg over Draco's thighs. "I know you've got more plans for us tonight, but I need a moment before I can get it up again," he groaned and Draco chuckled, petting his shoulder. A moment to rest sounded good. "What did you need to tell me actually?" he questioned a bit sleepily, remembering Harry's comment before he had shut him up. "Hm? Oh, just that I took the test today," Harry answered, his breath hot against Draco's collarbone. "Test? What test …" Draco trailed off and every shred of exhaustion left him completely, his eyes snapping open in shock, as realisation dawned upon him. There was only one test Harry could be referring to. One test he had been eager to hear the results of since they had started trying four months ago. Instantly he turned around to face Harry, leaning on his arm, as he stared wide eyed at his husband of two years. "You took the test? What did the test – what's the result?" he asked urgently; his heart beating madly in his chest. His mouth felt inexplicably dry. Green eyes softened and a hand cupped his cheek as a smile danced across reddened lips. "Positive. I'm pregnant, Draco. We're going to be parents." "Fuck! We're going to be parents. I'm going to be a father!" Draco shot up, shock and happiness filling him until he thought he would burst. "You're serious? You're really pregnant?" "I'm serious. We're going to have a baby." Harry's smile widened as his hand drifted down to rest on his stomach. His stomach which was housing their unborn baby. "Fuck, I love you so much!" Draco swore and they kissed each other deeply, the love he felt for the dark haired man poured into the kiss, as a pale hand came to rest on a tanned one. They were going to be parents; they were going to have a baby. He was going to be a father! He couldn't have imagined a better 'glad you're better' gift than this: his own family. As he rolled on top of Harry, sharing kisses mixed with smiles and perhaps even joyful tears, he met shining green eyes and relished the notion that soon their love would be physically represented in the form of their own child, their own son or daughter. Their own little family. All he needed and wanted. The rest of the evening they spent celebrating their upcoming fatherhood. Outside the stars shone brightly. The End AN2: I'm not completely happy with the ending, but I had no idea how to wrap this up otherwise, so yeah ... *clears throat* I hope it wasn't that bad! Please leave your thoughts behind in a review; should you spot any mistakes, please point them out to me. I hope to see you all in my other stories! Cuddles Melissa P.S. For more information about my upcoming and posted stories, please visit my profile.