think about anything at the moment. He might die within the next second and even if he would Harry couldn't bring himself to care. He had lost too much at the moment, he just didn't care anymore. " Stupefy " A bright, deep red flash of light suddenly came out of nowhere. Having no time to react and feeling too weak to care the red light hit Harry right in the chest. At first nothing happened then his bright green eyed fluttered close, his body became limp and finally the boy collapsed. Harry would have hit the floor hard as he was standing outside on a path leading down to the forest. He would have surely hurt himself by falling like this but mere moments before his prone body hit the hard floor, a strong pair of hands grabbed his upper body and held him upright. With a sudden movement Harry was lifted from the floor and brought to a firm chest, one arm under his knees and one under his neck holding him closely and with a firm grip. The tall figure, clad in a long, black cloak with a thick hood and a silver skull as a mask was holding Harry Potter guarding him as if he never wanted to let him go again. A pair of blue eyes looked around scanning the area for all possible and impossible dangers. Next to him the Death Eaters and the Order members were fighting fiercely. The black cloaked figures were fighting elegantly. Their movements were unexpected and their attacks full of wit and cunning. "By Merlin! They've got Potter! Stop them! " The loud scream brought any activity to a sudden halt. With big, horror struck eyes the Order members were staring at the one Death Eater standing a little further away from the others. They couldn't believe what they were seeing. Their saviour, the one prophesied to safe them all by vanquishing the Dark Lord was lying limply in the arms of a filthy Death Eater. His eyes were closed, his mouth hanging lightly open and his face sickly pale. A fine layer of sweat was covering his face. He looked like death was about to knock at his door. The moment the Order members realized their current situation hell broke loose. Had they been fighting fiercely before now they were fighting for their dear lives. If the Death Eaters got Harry Potter everything would be lost. Stunning curses were thrown, curses which would make the victim's legs snap, glue them together, freeze them or hinder their escape in any way possible flying around, aimed to hit the black cloaked figure and the stunned boy in its arms. Sadly they didn't reach their goal. Elegantly the Death Eater evaded each and every flying curse. Turning right, turning left, jumping, running or stopping the black cloaked figure held the boy to his chest as if he was an important and precious price. Every curse and spell that was shot too near to the man carrying the boy was countered by the remaining Death Eaters. It was well planned, well thought through and especially well carried out. It was a masterpiece of an act, no one would be able to break through them and their concentration. They had studied their moves and the way they implemented them it only could end with their success. "Stop them! You have to stop them! At any cost!" The shout was desperate, full of utmost horror and fear. The Order members tried to increase the number of their spells and their force. But it wouldn't work. The more spells and curses they uttered the more they were taken out by the huge number of Death Eaters still roaming freely across the castle grounds. The one carrying the boy finally started to sprint running over to where the Forbidden Forest began. Crossing an invisible line the Death Eater stopped suddenly, spun around and then with a last dangerous glint in his eyes and a leering smirk on his face the man vanished into the darkness of the night taking the wizarding world's last hope with him. " No!" As if the animalistic scream and the disappearance of the one Death Eater together with the supposed saviour had been a secret signal the remaining Death Eaters started to run towards the spot the two had vanished before. Instead of throwing curses, they only dodged them. Death Eater by Death Eater reached the first trees of the Forbidden Forest. The last three Death Eaters took their departure together. Stopping at the invisible border the three turned around, took their hands, bowed mockingly to the devastated Order members before vanishing with a loud bang leaving behind nothing. " No , you let them disappear! You let them take Harry with them! You failed, all of you failed !" A sobbing, lonely figure appeared where the Death Eaters had kidnapped their only hope for a better future. The man took a deep, shuddering breath his eyes aimlessly roaming over the deep footprints in the long, wet grass. Now they were still visible but soon they would vanish just like the precious boy in the evil Death Eater's arms. Tears streamed down his pale cheeks only to be whipped away by trembling hands. As his sobs increased, the man couldn't take it anymore. Sinking down on his knees he banged his fists against the wet floor allowing his feelings to roam freely. They had lost their only hope for a better life. The Death Eaters together with Voldemort wouldn't let the boy come out of it alive. There would be no chance for the poor boy that had been in such a horrible state the last months to come out of this situation still breathing. They had failed. They had failed themselves, they had failed their society, they had failed Lily and James who wanted their son to be safe and worst of all they had failed Harry. By losing him.