the master's. By burning the mark, it essentially burn away the slave's past, all his wrong-doings as well as weakening the bonds that he had before. (The more marks a slave had, the stronger the indication that he was a bad slave - that was why he wasn't kept long by one master, and instead have to be given away to another for so many times.) Then the master would have to be close to the slave for the bond to strengthen. The master would usually be encouraged to give the slave a few orders, just to make sure he listened and performed well - if the master was not pleased, the bond can still be broken easily with words like "The slave is rejected" or something to that liking. 'Severus, please be still. I don't want to hurt you accidentally. I'm going to put my mark now.' Potter said, just as he had a small knife on him. Severus was lying down on the bed with Potter (or is it Master now?) on his left. The man had leaned down over his chest, and had his knife on Severus' left clavicle. It was a bit of a shock for Severus to notice that he was bared chested, but he refrained himself from moving just as Potter leaned closer. Good good, follow your master's commands like a good slave the slavery bond screamed. The cut was not painful at all, considering how much pain Severus can stand. He closed his eyes, but could still feel the movement of the knife on his skin - a zig-zag motion... Was the boy...man carving the lightning bolt on him... It was a small mark, and Potter was done in seconds. 'Alright, now to burn this... This is so barbaric, I am so sorry, Severus but it would only be a moment...' A rustle of robes told Severus that Potter was moving, most probably to get his wand. He didn't dare open his eyes; he had never been fully aware during his past initiations before, but he knew the pain of burning very well. A whispered 'Incendio' and the familiar pain, albeit on a smaller scale, came, and were welcomed with resigned anticipation. But it was just a short while as the wound, the mark was small. A few seconds later, Potter Master extinguished the fire, and leaned back. 'Alright, I think that should do it. Severus? Are you still awake?' Grudgingly Severus opened his eyes. 'Yes... Master.' He turned to Potter to show that he had his attention, but was disinclined to even try to shift up to sit, because he knew he did not have enough strength. Potter was frowning. 'Alright, first rule, call me Harry, or even Potter, if you are in a bad mood. Never call me master ever again.' He said sternly. Severus tilted his head in acceptance. 'As you wish, Harry.' Since he was in a better mood, he shall be 'Harry' for now. But Po... Harry was still frowning, only now he just shook his head. 'I'll let that go for now.' The man murmured to himself, then raised his voice a little. 'Second rule, and this one is important: you must always tell me if you are uncomfortable in any way, alright? Or if you need something and I'm not giving it to you, or if I am doing something that you do not like. Yes or no?' He ran that through his mind, automatically searching for loopholes. But this one seemed harmless enough, and he should save his chance of rejection for something that he really dislike. Besides, all slaves know that when your master is giving you a choice, there is actually only one answer - the one that your master wanted to hear. If it coincide with the one that you prefer, then good. If not, then sucks to be you. So what else can he do, but say 'Yes'? Po... Harry seemed, if not happy, then satisfied with the answer. 'Okay then. Are you hungry? Or in pain? Is the wound giving you any pain?' Severus took a while to get all the information from his body. His body may be weak, and he would most definitely benefit from a good rest, but he was not hungry, and he was not in pain. So he told Harry as much. 'Okay,' Harry huffed a relieved sigh when he heard his answer. 'Good, good. Come on then, to the bedroom with you. I'm going to help you up, alright?' A gentle touch on his arm made him jump a little even though he was given advance notice. Master Harry only frowned a bit, watching him for any other movement. When all Severus did was to stay in his position, watching him back, Harry nodded to himself and wrapped his hand around Severus' arm firmly. 'Come on, up with you.' They moved to Severus' bedroom, and to Severus' embarrassment he was tucked into bed. The hand on his head, running though his hair was very comfortable, and very welcomed. 'Now sleep. We can talk tomorrow, alright? Sleep now, Severus.' And for the first time in a long time, Severus obeyed his master's request, and had a peaceful night rest. Okay. Truth time. I actually wanted this to be a part of a chaptered story, but for the love of my life I can't figure how to go on from here. That's why even though I started this on 2015, and wrote til here on 2016, I still can't move on. And I'd just kept this in my lappy for so long, and I figured why not to publish this and be done with it. So yeah, here we are. (At least it didn't end on a cliff-hanger or something. It's a nice enough ending. Ehehehe) xxxfelicialovescatsxxx -I haven't post in a long time, and the first time I post something it's in a different fandom I'm so sorry guys. But still, lots of love okayyy...