lost her near the Astronomy Tower but nearly ran into that group of Death Eaters instead. I had to think quick so I morphed into one of them. Thought I might be able to pick them off one by one or at least get some information out of them. Then you turned up and well..." "Thanks." Lupin smiled at her, taking her hand into his. "Did you know... about Paddon? "No." A single tear rolled down her face. "The bastard... to think he murder my..." "You got him." Lupin again took her in his arms. She buried her face into his chest, wiping her eyes on his shirt. "What now?" She asked looking up into his face. "Now we do the best we can. Now we fight. Fight for Teddy." His body cradled by the debris of war, broken and twisted in some ill fitting shape. The beast that slumbered within his body now laid to rest, never to rear its head again. He was alone once more as he had started. She was no longer by his side, torn apart in the chaos, forced to leave each other for the good of the others. As much as he needed her, she was needed elsewhere tonight. He gave everything. His last breath as determined as his first, overpowered finally. His luck had run out. The eyes that held so much sadness within them, a lifetime of solitude and regret now held the faint glimmer of promise as they stared unblinking up towards the castle ceiling. The scars of old marked with fresh cuts and bruises. There was no one left now. The loyal Marauders were no more, their final adventure he had set off on alone and had ended in his failure. No happy ending, no perfect picture book story, just loss, betrayal and death. But within those dark days and hopeless hours were scattered moments of true happiness. His friends who never let him succumb to his own misgivings, who looked past the curse of his flesh. They were the reason he continued to find a way forward, his guiding light in the storm of his youth. And then there was her... Remus felt the softness of the grass on his back, the sun resting on his face. The small tiny weight on his chest, little breaths seeping into his heart and lifting it like birdsong. He moved his head to the side his eyes closed, feeling the soft flesh of her legs under his head. He looked up. Her hair, today long and blonde floated like clouds in the wind. The blue sky framing her face, captivating and comforting. How long had he slept? One hour maybe two, who knows? He couldn't remember the last time of ever he had felt the soft caress of contentment. A feeling so foreign to his senses he barely believed in its existence. One day was all they had. All hey had allowed themselves before heading back out into the darkness of the real world beyond the garden they rested in. Teddy stirred for a brief moment, clutching to his father's chest. He took his hand and softly stroked his son's head as he drifted back off into a world of his own imagination. "Is this real?" He said aloud forgetting himself. Tonks chuckled and shook her head. "Let's see." She lightly pinched his cheek. The soft twinge of pain lingered on his face long after her fingers had departed. "Thanks for that." He said sarcastically. "You're welcome my love." He laughed. A real laugh not stifled by regret or undertones of pain, something he thought he'd lost the ability to do. "Listen." He looked up at her again. "Hmm." "If something should happen to me..." "Remus." "If it should." He continued, "I just want you to know that..." "I know." She cut in placing a hand on his chest, letting it run onto her son's head, stroking his face. "You really don't." He knew that each day could be their last and this thought never left him for a moment. "I was so alone. For the longest time I thought that all I had left in me to give was my will to fight, my life to offer. I was happy with that Tonks I really was. If I died I was content to go, as long as I could help others along the way it didn't matter when but..." he gazed into her eyes, the fresh smell of earth and her own sweet scent filled his lungs like nectar, a drug that filled his head with a hazy drunk feeling. "I don't want to die Tonks. I want to live." Hearing himself say these words for the first time caused his heart to pulse faster in his chest, the excitement of a future he never thought would come to be, the possibility of a life worth so much more than he had ever considered it being. He would survive he thought to himself. He pictured himself with Tonks by his side standing on the platform at Kings across, Teddy waving at them from the carriage window, their son's first year at Hogwarts. Free to follow his own dream, not held back by his father's wretched curse. That thought alone seemed to make his own demons easier to contend with knowing his son did not have to fear such a life. But for now, today, right now was his happiest moment. A life of endless highs and possibilities stretched out in front of his eyes as he stared into the blue ocean above him. He felt his son's breath on his chest and Tonks' fingers running through his hair knowing that if the time should come, if he were to leave this world before this war was through this would be the memory he would return to. In his dying moments he would find this place, this very second. A moment of blissful peace before it all came to an end.