met you and I only needed one day to grow fond of you, but I never saw you again, not until I was an adult and you were a child who knew nothing about what would occur. I felt betrayed, betrayed and lonely." His onyx eyes displayed all the desperation his face didn't show. Hermione wanted to ask him what other reasons he had had to treat her so badly, but she intuited that if he hadn't told her now, he wouldn't do it just because she insisted. Therefore, she limited to hold back tears and mutter she was sorry. She couldn't imagine how lonely he had felt. At least, she had friends. He had been entirely alone. Black eyes met brown, and for a few minutes, they said nothing else. Being there, together after so long, was enough. The half-playful half-mocking comment that escaped Severus's mouth was that last thing Hermione would have ever guessed she would hear after the long pause. "You are still particularly dangerous when you are angry, Miss Granger. Your minions with wings and beak are more loyal than hufflepuffs." She twigged. It was his way to say that he didn't blame her anymore and that he was sorry without saying the actual words. Of course. That would have been mortifying for him. She laughed through her tears. It was the first time he saw young Severus, her Severus, hidden inside the snarky Professor ever since she came back from the Room of Requirement. Her friend was alive. "Mr. Weasley will regret it. His detention will be the longest in Hogwarts's History. I guarantee you." Hermione smiled and had a déjà-vu: the corner of his mouth twitched up and formed something similar to an authentic grin, the same way he did two years ago in that room. "I thought we weren't friends." He frowned. "I am acting like your Professor. Students must not kiss in public. Mr. Weasley has it coming." Somebody else would have bought his half-truth, but Hermoine could tell by the way his eyes glistened that he still cherished her, that he would punish Ron because she had been his friend when he most needed it, even if technically, their friendship had only lasted one day. "Do you think that we would have been friends in another world? Something more, even?" Why had she asked him that in the first place? She had no idea, but the words had already rolled off her tongue, and she couldn't take back her words once they were pronounced. She blushed. She had ruined the chance of being in good terms with him. Severus surprised her by standing up and murmuring, "Don't you ever believe you aren't pretty enough to catch somebody's attention, Miss Granger. That is an utter lie." He left as fast as he had arrived, leaving a happier Hermione behind. The Battle of Hogwarts. Hermione, Harry and Ron had heard Nagini attacking Severus. When they entered the Shrieking Shack, Hermione couldn't stifle a scream of horror. Ron held her back while Severus and Harry talked, but at the last moment, he glanced up at her suppliant. Hermione broke free from Ron and kneeled next to the fallen wizard. "Professor Snape," she croaked amid weeps. "Severus… Call me Severus." She knew what that meant. The tears didn't stop coming to her eyes, and despite the bitter situation, she managed to give him a smile. "Friends?" "Always," he breathed with some difficulty. And his eyes stopped shining. His heart stopped beating. 2074 – Hogwarts Express Brown eyes glimmered, as brown as her straight hair, pulled in a ponytail that bounced with her steps. The eleven-year-old girl couldn't wait to start her magical studies. Half-way through the wagon train, her worry increased. The train was full. She kept looking for an empty place in vain. The last compartment. Her last chance. She gulped and peered in through the window, praying it wasn't full. Only a boy about her age was there, reading a muggle book. She sighed in relief and opened the door. "Hello! May I stay here with you? The other compartments are full…" The hooked-nosed boy looked up at her suspiciously with his big dark grey eyes, almost black. It took him a minute to nod and continued reading his book. The girl pouted. She had expected to make friends in the train, or at the very least, talk to someone. He shifted in his seat and she was able to read the title of his book. She grinned. "Sherlock Holmes! A classic! Arthur Conan Coyle is a genius, don't you think? I love reading his novels, mainly in paper books! Nobody read paper books in my primary school, but I prefer them. I love turning the pages and the smell and-" "Is rambling a habit of yours?" he cut her off. Her cheeks flushed. She had looked anything but timid earlier, yet now she was lowering her head. "Yes… I don't even notice when I am rambling… Sorry. I'll let you read." His eyes narrowed, studying her. Then, his lips curled in a way that the girl wouldn't describe as a smile, but it was quite close to it. Why did she have a sense of déjà-vu? "No. It's fine. You are the first person I know that enjoys Sherlock Holmes… What was the first novel you read about him?" This was the beginning of a conversation, the beginning of a friendship that would turn into something more eventually. There are souls that always find each other throughout time, soul friends, soulmates. Names and bodies may change. Souls don't. They remain the same. And a lioness soul and a snake soul were destined to find each other life after life, no matter in form of teacher-student, friends or lovers. THE END A/N: So this is it. My first Snamione one-shot. I hope you enjoyed reading it. I apologize if there were grammar or spelling mistakes. I did my best. Have a nice day!