this and turned to face the rest of the pub, Robin rubbed his head and turned back to look at Seymour before grinning and mouthing the words, "If she's with us." Having received their rather mucky bottles of Butterbeer they all huddled together at one end of the bar sitting in silence looking aghast at the room they found themselves in. Robin had decided to try flicking every flavour beans into at empty glass until one misaimed flick sent one flying over hitting the bartender on the back of the head which prompted the man to snatch the empty glass off the bar and put it away. Alice was busy writing her name on the dust covered surface of the bar trying her best not to look around and Lloyd was doing the exact opposite, nervously darting his eyes about the room and taking occasional sips from his manky Butterbeer before grimacing and looking round some more. "Good in here ain't it?" declared Robin resting his chin on his hand and looking thoroughly bored. "I didn't force you to come did I?" complained Seymour paying close attention to the two men at the bar. "Well it was either this or spending more time watching you with your girlfriend Sey." "Oh don't start that again." moaned Alice lifting her gaze and frowning. "She's always been perfectly nice to me whenever I've spoken to her." "Yeah but can you honestly tell me you don't think the girl is completely out of her tree?" shot back Robin flicking another bean at her. "That's not the point Rob, just because you think you're the coolest thing since the Weird Sisters doesn't mean you have to look down on everyone who shows the slightest sign of... individuality." "Me look down upon people? I didn't see you rush to join her club Alice. Actually you looked terrified of the girl." They continued squabbling like this for a while but Seymour wasn't listening, he was busy trying to earwig the conversation the two older wizards were having across the bar from him. "Well he was having so much trouble finding a replacement that the Ministry felt they had to step in." said the wizard with the scar taking a long sip from his glass. "There's very good reason for that though, I've heard it hasn't been the safest of appointments since that Potter lad started attending. Some say it's cursed." said the other man looking apprehensive. "I reckon whoever it is has to be completely out of his mind to take it willingly." "I agree." nodded the long haired man looking into the bottom of his murky drink. Seymour would have continued to listen in but was distracted by the sound of quiet scratching coming from somewhere in the room, he couldn't pin-point exactly where it was coming from but it was growing steadily faster as if something was boring its way through a tunnel. "Can you hear that?" asked Seymour glancing over at his wearisome friends. "Hear what?" asked Lloyd looking rather more nervous than he had done, getting up and looking around him for sign of an attacker. "Sit down. It's a sort of scratching noise… can you not hear it?" the sound itself was growing steadily louder but still they all looked at him in confusion. "Well… I can hear something." remarked Robin pricking up his ears, "But it could just be the sound of the crowd outside." "No, it's a clear scratching sound, how can you not hear it?" he looked around the pub at all the weatherworn faces but none of them stirred from their tonic and just ignored them altogether, all apart from the two men sat at the bar. The barkeep himself gave Seymour a warty look and walked over. "Scratching you say?" he asked looking above his head. "Yeah but I can't tell where it's coming from." explained Seymour looking at the old man who now frowned and banged his fist on the bar as hard as he could. "Bloody termites again, fifth time this year. I swear if they keep this up I'll have no pub left!" he turned on his heels and disappeared up stairs. Seymour spun in his seat and listened again but the sound had disappeared. "Termites!" exclaimed Alice looking horrified, "Why on earth did you drag us in here Seymour!" she had now stood up and was brushing her arms and legs furiously. Seymour would have replied but he was being drowned out by the riotous laughter of Robin who found the weird little war dance that Alice appeared to be doing rather amusing. "It's not funny Robin, you know what I'm like with little crawly things!" her voice was growing high and squeaky as she ran her hands through her hair raking it with her fingers. "I know, I know. Hahaha." Robin took another sip of his Butterbeer and flicked more sweets at her which she misinterpreted to be bugs crawling on her which forced her to panic even more. They all stopped however when the bartender came rushing down the stairs brandishing a rather crude looking yellow spray can with the words "magical bug-buster" written on it. "I don't think that's going to help mate." said Robin trying to speak over the mans angry grunts but it was too late. The old man smashed the whole tin on top of the counter like a hammer and it erupted into massive blue sparks like a mini firework, it then exploded again and a thick layer of pink dust floated all around the room. Coughing and spluttering the four friends quickly rushed past the now empty bar and out of the pub door into the fresh air of Diagon Alley. They all stood bent over with their hands on their knees coughing furiously. "Cheers for the distraction Seymour." spluttered Robin with a devilish grin on his face to which he then produced from under his coat a bottle of Leaky Cauldrons finest fire whisky.