been dating anyone?" Of the litany of things his father could have said, Oliver never expected that particular question. The answer was still leapt easily to the tip of his tongue. "Nope." "And you two aren't-that is, well, you're not." Patrick broke off awkwardly, his voice winding down in the face of his failure to string a sentence together. Oliver's eyebrows flew up and he nearly spit out his milk. "No," he said so firmly it almost sounded rude. "Dad, no. Caroline and I are just friends. We've always only ever been friends. Where is this coming from?" Patrick turned a funny shade of red. "Surely you've noticed," he started to say and then scrubbed his face with his hands, trying to reorder his thoughts. "Caroline is turning out to be quite a beautiful young woman." Oliver frowned. His mind strayed to Caroline's slender figure and long blonde hair. "Well of course she's pretty, so are a lot of girls. What has that got to do with anything?" The expression of thinly concealed exasperation that crossed his father's face told Oliver that this particular conversation as only going to get worse. He started eyeing the swinging door that would take him out of the kitchen and away from this subject. But Patrick remained undeterred. "I only wonder if you've considered the possibility of your friendship being something more and whether Caroline's thought the same thing. It wouldn't surprising for one or both of you to develop feelings and to want to experiment with the boundaries of your friendship." "Boundaries?" Oliver spluttered, truly stunned. "You're not suggesting what I think you are." "Why wouldn't I? Caroline is beautiful and you two spend all of your time together, adding hormones into the mix can change the dynamic of any friendship. I just want to ensure that if you do develop an interest in her you understand that sex is a two way road and no matter how much you think you know what she wants that's no replacement for her consent." Oliver really did choke on his milk now. A series of fuzzy, distorted images were trying to form in his mind, of being intertwined with Caroline. Nothing came out right, it was simply impossible for Oliver to imagine Caroline in any capacity other than his best friend. Oliver pinched the bridge of his nose and held up a hand. "Dad, stop. Please, stop. This is Caroline we're talking about. Caroline . The girl who used to push me in the pond when we were eight. It's never going to happen." Patrick looked thoroughly unconvinced but he changed course. "Well, if it's not Caroline then it's going to be someone else, which doesn't change the basics of this conversation. Regardless of what your mother says I know we can't stop you from dating and having physical relationships but I can impress upon you the importance of being respectful and safe." Oliver had to cough to cover up the worst of his shocked laughter. When he regained himself he raised his eyebrows. "Dad, I'm sixteen. Don't you think it's a little late for the birds and the bees?" The scowl that crossed his father's face reminded Oliver strongly of the few times in life he'd gotten in real trouble. "It's never too late to ensure that you won't be an idiot when it comes to girls. Right now it's easy for you to stand here and tell me you understand all of the potential consequences but when you're in that situation it's completely different! There are things you haven't thought about, things that haven't been an issue until now." Another wave of amusement washed over Oliver. He leaned against the counter, crossing his arms over his chest. "Like what?" "Like Caroline-don't roll your eyes at me. Just because you don't see her that way doesn't mean other boys won't. What are you going to do when she starts to date someone else?" Oliver's responding silence was answer enough. A look of triumph crossed his father's face. "She's not going to go unnoticed forever, Oliver. You're used to having her undivided attention and I'm not sure you're ready to lose part of her to someone else." Oliver's insides squirmed uncomfortably. The previously comfortable air in the kitchen now felt unbearably hot and close. Nerves in his muscles twitched, urging him to get out of the situation as fast as possible. Where was his broomstick when he needed it? The thought of Caroline with someone else had crossed his mind a handful of times, usually when she was nursing a crush but those had never been serious. Oliver knew he'd never really given much thought to her actually dating anyone because he always just assumed she would be there. "I'll cross that bridge when I get there," he said at last, not quite meeting his father's eyes. "There's no point in worrying about something that hasn't happened yet." Oliver drained the last of his milk. "Can I go upstairs now?" Patrick could recognize when he was pursuing a lost cause. He waved his hand dismissively. "Go on." Oliver trudged upstairs, trying his hardest to push an unpleasant thought out of his head. He'd never cared about Caroline's crushes before. But as he shut the door to his bedroom and flopped back on his bed, he started to imagine something new. Caroline's arms wrapped around a nondescript man, smiling up into his face as though he were the only person in her world. Unbidden to him, Oliver's fingers curled into fists at the thought. He didn't know why and he knew it was perfectly irrational, but he hated that generic nonexistent man. A/N: So there it is. I hope you like Caroline! She's fun to write, a little opposing force against Oliver's mildly neurotic personality. Next chapter picks up at school and features some first lessons! Like all authors, I love and live for your feedback! Let me know what you think! Much love - Chinchilla