asked "I do not" Dumbledore shook his head "I now leave the school in your hands, Miss Snape, you can hire and fire any Professor as you please" Dumbledore said waiting for her to kick him for his place, "I do have one request" Fenix said with her finger on her chin "Yes?" Dumbledore asked "I want everyone to be able to sit where they want, only on the first and last day of school should we have to sit in our represented houses, It's not fair on anyone that they have to be separated from their friends in other houses, so I want them to be to sit and eat where ever anyone want" Fenix said. McGonagall couldn't help but smile "You are very smart and wise my dear" McGonagall smiled softly "Thank-you" Fenix said smiling back "I am sure we can rearrange that, I will let everyone know in the morning" Dumbledore nodded "Thank-you now I bid you all a good-night as I have to go find my room" Fenix said "Oh you just have to press the key to any door and it will automatically transform into a room for you" Dumbledore added and with that Fenix left, it took a while for Fenix to decided where she wanted her room in the end she choose a door that was near the Astrometry Tower, so she can look outside and see everything even more so when it rains. Fenix entered her room, and saw quite a few doors, one lead to the kitchen, another to a bathroom, there was one that also lead to a library and another that lead to the lounge-room Fenix walked into the lounge-room and noticed 4 frames hang above the fireplace, she walked towards the beautiful aqua colour lounge, she placed her suitcase on the ground and took a seat and sighed, { Nyx you may have a look around if you like} Fenix hissed to her pet { Thanksssss Mistresss} Nyx replied and slithered away. "You speak Parseltongue" Said one of the voice Fenix looked up and noticed it was Salazar Slytherin "Of course I do," Fenix huffed insulted "What is your name dear" Helga asked "I am Fenix Eileen Snape, and I am all you Great, great, great granddaughter" Fenix said with a raised eyebrow "And what house do you belong in?" Godric asked, "Could you be a Gryffindor?" he asked again Fenix scrunched her face up in disgust "Do I look like I belong with those retched loins" Fenix all but growled, the portrait narrowed his eyes at her, and she glared back "So you are a Slytherin then" he scoffed "Actually I am a SlytherClaw, I am the first student to ever be in a hybrid house, instead of being a hat stall and the hat trying to HAVE to decide if I should be in one or the other cause It took of taken quite some time I asked him If I could be both, he was surprised I would ask such a request but he let me since I do own the castle and all" Fenix finished with a wave of her hand. "The first ever hybrid student and she is our great, great, great granddaughter and she is in my house" Gushed Rowena "She is in my house to Rowena" Salazar added "I know Salazar I was just saying" Rowena sighed "I know and I guess I will do the honours, welcome to SlytherClaw Fenix my dear" Salazar said with smirk "Why thank you kind sir" Fenix mock bowed with a smirk on her face "I can defiantly see the Slytherin" Godric grumbled. "Uh I do have one question though" Fenix asked "Where are the bedrooms?" she asked "it's the 3rd door on the left and you will find 4 doors with in that hallway, and that will have our bedrooms in it, you can choose one of them, but I would avoid the Gryffindor one if you dislike it that much" Salazar said with a chuckle "Thanks pops" Fenix smirked and left the room, which cause the other 3 to chuckle and Salazar grumbling, Fenix made her way to the door they were talking about and opened it and walked down the hallway she came to the first room and opened it, it was Helga's room, next was Gryffindor, Salazar was right to much gold and yellow, next was the Slytherin room, it was very beautiful the dark green the blacks and the silver this one is defiantly in the top 2 she then found Rowena's and Fenix new this was the one, it had a built in library with a bed, closet and a side table the rest was just selves of books, Fenix was in love it even had a window seat. Fenix ran back to the lounge-room "I found it, I found the perfect bedroom!" She squealed "Which room is it dear" Rowena smiled having some idea "Yours!" Fenix eyes said lighting up "You choose hers what's wrong with mine" Salazar grumbled "Nothing, it's very beautiful" Fenix said "But?" he asked "Buttttt she has built in library in her room!" Fenix smiled "You are a Ravenclaw aren't you" Salazar scoffed "I am also a Slytherin don't forget pops" Fenix smirked he just narrowed his eyes at her, "What's with the hair?" he asked changing the topic "It just seems fitting" Fenix grinned and ran a hand through her green and blue hair, which she changed as soon as she left Dumbledore's office. Fenix went and unpacked her stuff and grabbed a book and then sat in the lounge-room "Are you already reading" Salazar scoffed "Mmmhmm" Fenix hummed not looking up Nyx slithered up and curled up with Fenix while she read, with that he scoffed and rolled his eyes. He honestly didn't mind that she loved books he did to but would of liked to get to know her a bit better but I guess they have 7 years for that.