hated like this." She took a breath to compose herself and continued. "Your brother sits next to me during the lessons and mutters under his breath about what a terror I am, and why no one would want to be friends with me and to make it all worse everyoneforgotmybirthday," she rattled out in one breath. "What was that last part there?" "Everyone forgot my birthday," she said in a small voice. "It's not that I was expecting much, not really anything except for maybe a head-nod or something trivial, but instead it seemed like Harry and Ronald and Lavender and Parvati-well, I suppose not Harry, he's just always around so I always tack him on with Ron- went out of their way to make the day miserable." She sniffled again, and muttered something about stupid girls and crying at her party if she wanted to. "Did you get an owl from your parents, at all? Surely they didn't forget about your birthday!" "They're muggles, they don't know how to use the owl-post. They were more taken aback than I was about the prospect of an entire world that's been operating under their noses… So no, I didn't. I told you, there was nothing. Merlin, this is nothing! All of this is pointless and you don't need to sit here and listen to me ramble about how miserable I am right now. If I were you, I would've walked right past me with my nose up, gloating about that prank you pulled on the Slytherins, and not given me a second glance, and I certainly wouldn't have stuck around to listen to a twelve-year-old complain about her life. What are you still doing here, anyhow? I would've thought you'd run off by now." I swallowed, a bit nervously. I really was never the best with handling emotional people, but here I was, stepping up to bat. "I thought that maybe tonight would be a good night to celebrate your birthday. When was it originally?" I heard myself say, not fully committed to this idea, but offering it forward regardless. "September 19th. But how do you plan to-" I cut her off, jumping up from my crouched position in front of her, and spinning in a circle. "No more words from you, just follow me and tonight, October 7th, will become your newest and favoritest holiday, Birthday II !" She chuckled from behind me. Thank Merlin she's laughing, I don't know if I could've taken another round of tears. "Oi, you over there! What's so funny?" "It's just that it's not the seventh anymore- the clock rang out for midnight a while ago- it's the eighth now," she said, blushing into her hands. "Well then, M'lady, I suppose we'll have to make sure that the October-iest day in October doesn't go to waste, now won't we? Come along!" I moved towards the entrance to the common room and breathed a sigh of relief when I heard the unmistakable scratching of the stool against the floor, and then the light footsteps of my companion. "Uh Fred?" she ventured quietly from behind me, as I opened the door. "Yes, Miss Hermione of the Grangers?" "Where exactly are we going?" "That, mademoiselle, is my surprise fo-hold on! You called me Fred! How did you know?" With that, we made our way down to the kitchens for some cauldron cakes and a well-deserved round of butterbeer, in celebration of Birthday II, England's newest holiday. Luckily for me, no one was patrolling the corridors during our trek there or back. Even luckier, Granger had stopped crying, and instead was engaging with me in a heated debate about House Elves for the entire duration of the journey back. I shook my head and chuckled as we re-entered the common room. "It would appear that my work here is done. Lady Granger, is there any more that I can do to assist you this fine evening...err morning?" She blushed and shook her head, making her way towards the 'library' to gather her things. "Kind sir, I do believe you've done plenty of charitable work this fine day," she said while returning to face the Girls' dormitories and myself, who stood in the center of the common room. "Please, retire to your sleeping quarters to rest, and do inform me if there is ever a way to repay you for this debt." She curtsied. I bowed. I moved to make her way back to the dormitories easier, as she walked past. She reached the top of the stairs, paused for a moment, then placed her bag down and raced down the steps to stand in front of me. "Fred?" "Yes, Granger?" She paused, debating something for a moment, before whispering "Thank you" and ascending on her toes to give me a kiss on the cheek. "Anytime," I muttered weakly, as she climbed the stairs yet again, and disappeared behind the dormitory door with a slight wave. "Anytime at all." Moments later, I made my way up to my room, entered quietly, and rested with my back against the door, working through what just happened. I heard my name and jumped, startled out of my reverie by my brother. Merlin, if he sees the look on my face, I'll be dead for sure! I turned to face the door for a moment to clear my head, and to make my face unreadable for George. I drummed my fingers on the door frame before turning around. "That one's going to be a handful for us, Georgie. I can feel it in my bones." George muttered something about finishing this conversation tomorrow as I headed over to my trunk, put on pajamas and climbed into bed, content to dream about bushy-haired twelve-year-olds, house elves, and butterbeer scented kisses. a/n: Welcome to Left Unsupervised- let me know what you think in the reviews! Next Time on Left Unsupervised: Ron is a jerk, Hermione is reading, Fred gets into a scintillating discussion about butterbeer