Blaise huffed and ran at them at full force. He threw a snowball at Daphne which struck her at the back of her head, sending her falling to the ground with surprise. Padma saw him and tossed a ball his way. The ball never hit him, Hermie stood in front of him, protecting him from the blast of frosty white. "Thanks," Blaise smiled. Hermione gave a half smirk before getting assaulted with more snowballs. Blaise chuckled at this. While his mouth remained open for a fraction of a second, Daphne, who had managed to get up, saw the opportunity and flung a snowball his way. It landed in his mouth. Blaise choked and gave an outraged cry before spitting the white content out of his mouth. Ring! Ring! They all paused. Ring! Ring! "You foul wizards and witches get here at once. Your playtime is over!" Snape's usual mocking drawl called. Brushing off the snow from their jackets and huffing, they made their way back to the camp site. Harry and Draco had been walking for a while, when Harry suddenly stopped. "What is it, Potter?" Draco asked, irritated at the sudden stop. "Nothin' much. Just wait here for a second," Harry replied, his green orbs studying the surroundings. Drarry huffed impatiently as he watched Harry scavenge through the trees. When Harry had disappeared for a while through a thick mess of pine needles, from a nearby fallen tree, Draco began to grow weary. "Potter?" He called. No reply. "Potter for Merlin's sake!" Draco yelled as he tramped to wear Harry had last been seen. "Draco?" Harry's muffled voice echoed. Draco brushed the pine needles away from his face and as he did so, he saw Harry crouching in the snow, most likely inspecting something. "Potter?" Draco asked, curiously. Harry seemed to be crouching over a limb body. Tattered fur stained with blood and lifeless eyes. Once amber globes full of spirit and curiosity, dead. Small warm bodies, lay snuggled in the fur, mewling for milk which they could not receive. The huge body of a now fallen, slaughtered wolf and its starving pups assaulted Draco's eyes. He too fell to his knees. "Why?" Draco asked. "I don't know…" Harry murmured. Both men watched the body for a while, a sense of mourning and loss settling upon them. "We better…" Harry trailed off. Draco looked at Harry, understanding washed over them. Gently Draco scooped up a pup, holding the fragile body in his hands. Harry did so too. The warm balls of fur cuddled closer, seeking warmth which they had been sadly deprived of. Harry gently swung his bag around, placing it on the snow and emptying the pockets. Draco shrugged off his coat and laid it in the bag. Harry cast an enlargement spell on the bag to make enough room for the puppies. One by one they carefully put the wolf pups into the bag. There were 8 little wolves in total, all desperately needing milk and warmth. Ring! Ring! Ring! "You foul wizards and witches get here at once. Your playtime is over!" Snape's usual mocking drawl called. RIng! RIng!. Slowly carrying the bag in their hands, they headed towards camp worried about the little lives in their hands. Theo, Pansy, Neville and Luna all chased after Snape, who's long elegant strides easily outmatched their own. Luna seemed even more distracted than usual. "Theo? Pansy? Neville?" She asked, staring off into the distance, "Ready some blankets, warm blankets. Bring warm milk, not to hot and not too cold. A bath full of lukewarm water, towels, and a cool place inside camp, closed area," she said this with an abnormal voice. She seemed nervous about something. "Why?" Theo asked. "The mating pair are coming and they bring presents," was all she said before staring into their eyes with mysterious emotions swirling through her blue eyes. All of them shuddered. Neville nodded and headed back to camp with Theo and Pansy at his side. Luna sat in the snow, watching Snape ring his bell furiously, the others scampering towards Snape slipping on the ice and the horizon. Inside the cabin Neville, Pansy and Theo gathered the list of things. Luna had told them to fetch. "What does she mean by presents?" Pansy asked, furrowing her ,obviously plucked to perfection, eyebrows. "It's pretty easy to understand what she meant by mating pair," Neville smiled before frowning, "But presents? Good or bad ones? I never liked the ones that break." "She's for sure a seer!" Theo declared, excitedly, tapping his foot impatiently to find out what she meant. "Maybe," Neville said, unsure. After finding everything they waited by the cabin's doorstep. They had now been traveling 2km through the thick snow with the bag. Harry and Draco heaved the heavy bag with the pups inside, with a slow and steady place, careful with the vulnerable babes. When they saw a black figure in the distance, they knew they weren't far. But the bag became heavier, the not so delighted cries of the weak pups more often, the soreness of the limbs and the panting of both young men. "S-Stop!" Draco ordered and released his grip after laying the bag on the ground to rest. "Expecto Patronum!" Draco growled, his wand in his hand, white light pulsing in waves upon waves from his wand. The strong feeling/ sense of magicks caressed the two exhausted wizards. Slowly but surely in powerful flashes, a vibrant young wizards. Slowly but surely in powerful flashes, a vibrant young Siberian Tiger majestically appeared. It's black stripes where ink black and its fur a silky silver the colour of the moon. Its growled, then bowed at its master. It's green vivid eyes twinkling as it watched the two men with softening eyes. "I want you to deliver a message to Snape and the others," Draco began. The tiger nodded for Draco to state his message. "Potter and I need help. Hurry up we are dying in this snow!"