. take . . ." Draco smirked against Harry's neck and pulled away. "Turn around," Draco commanded, his voice tight and raspy. Harry wanted desperately to make him snap, make him fall apart, make him come without even touching him. He hated him in this moment. And yet. Suddenly, the small of Harry's back was pressed against the worktable. A whine escaped his lips as he met Draco's gaze. He watched Draco's Adam's apple bob as he swallowed, slow and deliberate. Strands of his hair were slick with sweat, his silver eyes nearly opaque. Harry's eyes trailed down Draco's body. His gaze lingered over the sharp angle of his collarbone, following the length of his torso, catching sight of his Dark Mark on the inside of his wrist. Harry clenched his fists, jagged fingernails digging into his palms to keep him from reaching out and touching. "Harry," Draco whispered breathlessly. "Tell me what you want." "I -" Harry strained, the fear of revealing too much crippling him. He swallowed thickly before he reached out to clutch the open fabric of Draco's shirt. Draco followed the movement, his eyes suggestive, dangerous. "Make me forget everything except you." Draco sucked in a breath in an attempt to steady himself against Harry's admission. He helped people forget every day, cupping glass vials of liquid in his palm before he wrapping them in tissue paper and handing them to each customer who walked in, the hopeful expression in their eyes seducing a half-smile from Draco's lips. He was the scientist, never the experiment - those desires were buried long ago. Though, if this was all Harry ever asked of him, he'd make sure it was worth his while. Evening pressed itself against the shingled roof of Elixir, plum-tinged ribbons bathing in the soft glow of light from Draco's room. "Don't move." Draco instructed, his palm flat against Harry's still-clothed chest as he backed him against the wall. Harry inhaled, focused on the firm touch of Draco's palm against the fabric of his shirt. His pulse throbbed against his neck, beads of sweat threatened their descent from his nape as he listened to the sound of Draco's footsteps against the hardwood floor, the quiet tapping sound of his shoes mimicking Harry's heartbeat. The air shifted as Draco stepped back into Harry's space, holding a blindfold loosely in his hand. His familiar clean, sweet scent numbed Harry's fingertips as he licked his lips. "Close your eyes." Draco pulled Harry's glasses off and hooked them on his shirt collar. Harry forgot what it felt like to breathe. His lungs burned with anticipation. He gasped as Draco's thin fingers positioned the blindfold over his eyes. The fabric was smooth and comfortable, like the feel of his favorite heathered t-shirt against his skin, spending spring Saturday mornings sprawled diagonally on his bed indulging in the latest edition of The Daily Prophet. And then, Draco was everywhere. His hands worked Harry's shirt, pulling it skillfully over his head, barely brushing the blindfold. A moan escaped Harry's lips as Draco's hands settled against his hips, his perfectly rounded nails digging into the thin layer of skin. As Harry's body heated, Draco moved his hands inward with razor sharp focus. Skilled fingers worked the button of Harry's jeans loose. Draco gave a forceful yank and was rewarded with the most exquisite sight - Harry's cock - curved upward, rock-hard and leaking at the tip. Draco wrapped his chilled fingers around Harry's shaft. The delicious sensation of opposites threatened to push Harry over the edge. If Draco so much as whispered, Harry knew he'd come undone. Harry parted his lips and inhaled. Draco's scent lingered in the air, hovering above him - crisp and effervescent, sweet and familiar - its last breath settling against Harry's flesh. Even without seeing him, Harry knew Draco was smirking by the way his hand curved around his cock, movements tantalizingly slow, the quiet whisper of friction in danger of being swept away by the slightest movement. Harry groaned. "Merlin," Draco murmured, "if I'd known you were so eager, I'd have done this ages ago." A husky chuckle escaped his lips, the burst of warm minty air tickling Harry's Adam's apple. Harry sucked in a breath through clenched teeth. Draco's strokes grew increasingly quicker, teetering on the edge of teasing whenever he deemed Harry too close, causing his thighs to tremble. "Draco," Harry breathed. "Please." Draco's hand stilled as his shallow breath settled against Harry's lips. Harry shivered. "Please what, Harry?" "Let me come." Three brisk strokes later, Harry came in spurts, thin lines of milky sperm coating the floor beneath their feet. He sighed as Draco licked into his mouth, exploring every dip and curve, laying claim to the sweet repetitious murmurs of Draco's name that tumbled forward, suspended in the space between them waiting for Draco swallow them down, to accept their offering. Harry pulled the blindfold from his eyes with a raspy whine. Sweat-slicked strands of Draco's golden-blonde hair kissed his dark lashes. Harry and Draco readied themselves for sleep just before daybreak, pale yellows and grayish blues pushing against the dark of night, new beginning's reckoning. Draco padded toward the bed from the bathroom, one hand behind his back, a mischievous smile blooming against his lips. "What?" Harry offered a lazy smile. "I know your secret." A heavy blush crept up Harry's neck and rose to his cheeks. Draco held up his blue button-down, his eyebrows raised. "This is my favorite shirt, you know, and now your scent is all over it." "My . . . what? But I only touched it - I never put it on!" Draco smirked. "I knew it." Harry groaned, his head falling back against the soft down pillow. The bed dipped as Draco crawled over his body. "Seems like I have quite a bit to learn about you, Harry," Draco whispered against his mouth. Harry's eyes fluttered closed as the sweet scent of lemon lulled him to sleep.