nor being this close for so long… 'Hmmm? What's wrong? What's with the face?' Potter moved forward, so they were chest to chest, and face to face. His eyes were screaming amusement, and Severus was attacked with the feeling of shame anger hatred embarrassment annoyance that with a fit of sudden strength, he managed to push the other man away, and scrambled out of the bed. He used a few seconds to enjoy the sheer bewilderment on Potter's face. He didn't care that he was naked - if he and Potter really had had sex yesterday, then he would have seen everything, and further covering up would only show how Severus feel about his own self - no confidence, ashamed. He only had his arms crossing in front of him and demanded, in a steady tone that he was proud of. 'I don't care what had happened yesterday, Potter. I don't remember it, and I don't want to. Yesterday was just a one off business, nothing more. Now get the hell out of my room!' The burst of magic due to his anger was unexpected to the both of them. Severus had thought that all of his magic were used up already, but apparently his body is very good in replenishing his magic reserve. Potter had his hands raised up in the universal sign of 'I meant no harm'. 'Alright, alright, just calm down…' 'Get out! NOW!' Potter stood up with all his naked glory. Severus kept his eyes on the man's forehead, and glared as hard as he could. With a wave of his hand, Potter had clothed himself (using Severus' magic that was given to him, no doubt) with a simple robe. There wasn't any stray clothes around, so Severus guessed someone had magicked the clothes away. It was silent as Potter made his way to the door, but Severus knew that wouldn't last. As he expected, Potter paused at the door. 'I'll see you soon, Severus.' 'I think not! Weren't you missing for a good few years?! Stay that way!' 'Nah,' The grin on his face, his hands moving behind his head gave Severus a nauseated feeling and pure annoyance. 'I'm planning to stay here. It's time I come back home anyway. Oh, almost forgot.' With another wave of his hand, Potter's wand and spectacles flew to him from Severus' bedside. 'Alrighty, then I'll see you at breakfast, Severus.' Severus watched, gobsmacked as the other man opened the locked door, locked by his magic and needed a password for people other than Severus without another thought and walked out. But it was then that what Potter had said registered. 'Wait what do you mean breakfast?!' Severus yelled, but he was only given a grin as answer. When the man was gone, Severus slided down to the floor, head in his hands. This is going to be the start of hell… Harry was, overall, very proud of himself for not getting too angry at how Severus was acting. Sure he had expected anger, but not getting kicked out! It just reminded him about that incident in Fifth Year when he had sneaked into Severus' memories… But yeah, to be honest, it could have been a lot worse. But at least they didn't hex each other or start a duel. Now, Harry planned to go visit Professor McGonagall to ask for a place in Hogwarts. Well, maybe that's a bit too presumptuous for him, but he had hoped to find a job as a professor in Hogwarts, or even as another Professor's assistant, anything to make sure that he will be close to Severus. Harry didn't know his feelings towards the dour man, and although the sex was fantastic, the man's personality…wasn't as fantastic. He had had sex and romantic relationships with others in his years of travelling, and he knew the feeling of attraction when he looked at this, in his opinion, new image of Severus that was neither the evil professor, nor the fierce protector, or even the cunning spy. No, now all he can think of when he thought about Severus Snape, was that he was quite a charming man, indeed. He may be a Gryffindor, and he was really proud of that, but he had to admit to himself that he does have Slytherin qualities in him. And deep in his heart, he is very interested in the Potion Master. Not to the point of being in love, but he knew it could get there. And if he had to be cunning and use every thing that he got to get close to the man, then yes he will do just that. Incubus eh…? Sooner or later the same thing is going to happen again, and maybe then Harry can have him again… But of course before that would be better. He wanted the man, yes, but that doesn't mean he will just take him without permission. There is nothing worse than taking someone without their consent, and to Harry the time spent with Severus before this was already borderline that. But that didn't mean that he can't court and woo the man. He knew that this feeling wasn't love, not yet. But it could be. Getting Severus would be hard, but Harry loves a challenge. Besides, Severus was the one who called him, however unwilling and unwitting. He was the one to start this. Humming his way to the Headmistress' office, Harry began planning out his 'Get Severus in his life' plan. This is going to be the start of something wonderful…! Okay, I didn't proofread this as detailed as I wanted, but I've already stored this thing in my lappy for at least a year, so. *shrugs* This is yet another of those could have been a chaptered story but I can't go on anymore. Some of Severus' past also haven't been revealed here, but it wasn't appropriate anyway. I don't if I'm going to continue this or not, but... We'll see. xxfelicialovescatsxx