he'd thrown out countless drafts. Yards and yards of parchment were crumpled and thrown away when the ink smudged or the writing failed to convey the proper sentiments. Finally, after a sleepless night he managed. 'Congratulations' was all it said. After that it was back to the usual detached correspondence, questions, dates, ingredients and suggestions. And then the letters stopped. She'd gone into hiding. He knew that much because it was his fault. He'd been the one to tell the Dark Lord about the prophecy and Voldemort had decided that the one it spoke of was none other than Harry Potter. In a fit of madness Severus had begged the Dark Lord to at least spare Lilly, a reward for bringing the information. Full of his own assured immortality, arrogant beyond all measure, Voldemort refused, stating that he chose how to reward his servants and that they were to be grateful for it in whatever form it took. A reminder for Severus to be mindful of his place, which he was from that point forward, more so than Voldemort understood. Doing what he should have years ago, he went to Dumbledore and swore loyalty to the one cause that mattered; Lilly's safety. They were no longer friends, but if she survived there would be a chance for him to apologize, not just for that night, but for everything. Her forgiveness was all that mattered to him. It wouldn't set things right by any measure, but it was what needed to be done. She knew that the warning, though given by Dumbledore, had come from him, it was clear in the carefully worded message that Dumbledore sent to him, vague enough that if it was intercepted nothing would come of it, but pointed in such a manner that it was obvious that Lilly had relayed her secret thanks. In the years that followed he would wonder if that had been a lie on Dumbledore's part. The man was ruthless in his own way and it was something that Severus could admire, manipulating people to do good and act in the best intentions of themselves and others even when they had no thought of doing so. When that horrible night came, when the world rejoiced and he went into quiet, secret mourning. Everyone called him the Boy Who Lived, speaking the title in the same awed tones the Death Eaters had used when talking about Voldemort but they were wrong. Harry Potter was the Boy Who Killed. His greatest accomplishment was killing Voldemort, framed by the death of his family around him. That was what Severus thought of him as and when he accepted the duty from Dumbledore to keep him safe at Hogwarts when he enrolled, a duty which he was about to have to fulfill, he had assumed what it meant was obvious. It would be the task to serve as a mentor to the boy, guide him through his years as a Slytherin and protect him from the truth, readying him so that when it would be revealed he wouldn't fulfill it by truly becoming the Dark Lord's equal. He would tell Harry about what a brave and wonderful woman his mother was, find it in himself to say something, anything nice about James, though he would temper it with warnings about letting popularity go to one's head and how easy it was to be casually malicious. In time he might find it necessary to say nice things about some of her friends, for the boy was sure to ask about them, which wouldn't be too hard. Many of them were dead after all and it was easy to make heroes out of the deceased, forgive the myriad of flaws that they had possessed in life. The silence as the all the students and professors waited for the boy to be sorted was deafening and when the Hat finally shouted its decision the room exploded into applause. It had said 'Gryffindor'. In that moment hope that he hadn't even been aware of was dashed. Of course there was no chance to make amends, Lilly was years dead and thinking he could fix things through her son had been a foolish fantasy, nothing more. Still, he'd given his word to Dumbledore to protect the boy, keep him safe, because both he and the Headmaster were sure of one thing, that Voldemort couldn't have died so easily, and even if he was dead, there were those who would seek vengeance in his name, go after Harry in some misguided show of loyalty to a dead cause. It would be a far more difficult task he'd imagined and the boy was sure to hate him, but it would be necessary. Showing favor to a student from his own House would have been frowned upon, but dismissed as expected. All of them did it in countless little ways, but to show favor to one from another House, a Gryffindor of all things, would raise suspicions. So while the rest of Hogwarts celebrated Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived, joining its ranks, Severus sat in silent mourning, both for Lilly's death and the death of the pathetic little fantasy he'd built up around the boy. It had been foolish to think that through her son he could make up for his involvement in Lilly's death. What he'd done and hadn't done were both unforgivable and after fretting over it for so long he was ready to let go, not to forgive himself, but to stop pretending that things could be made right. Tonight, when he returned to his chambers, he would burn the letter as he had the photograph that had accompanied it. Then he would turn his attention from the past to the present, dealing with a boy who didn't know or understand the sacrifices that had been made for his sake, and as per Dumbledore's orders, never would. The boy would hate him, but no more so than he already hated himself.