Gives***HP May 28th, 1991. Harry smiled when he woke up that day because he just knew that his Hogwarts letter was coming today. He got out of bed and grabbed his pouch of galleons that he had kept underneath his bed for the last three years and tucked it into his large pockets. "Boy, get out here and make breakfast," Vernon called from the living room. After making breakfast, Harry made sure to hang around the table so that he could get the post when it arrived. When the sound of mail sliding through the hatch and dropping to the floor was heard, Harry tried to seem unaffected by the casual occurrence. "Dudley, get the mail." Said boy grimaced at the thought of not stuffing his facing for long enough to get the mail and replied "Make Harry get it." Vernon continued to look at his newspaper and without missing a beat ordered Harry to get the mail. With a sigh to seem unpleased with the order, Harry trudged to the front door. Finding the Hogwarts letter and pocketing it immediately, the green-eyed boy made his way back to the table. On his way there, the young wizard decided that Remus' way would cause far more trouble for him in the end so he chose to just appeal to Vernon's wishes for Harry to leave his family alone. Arriving at the table, Harry handed Vernon all of the mail except for his Hogwarts letter. After checking through the mail multiple times, Vernon happily asked "Is this all?" All too happy to burst his uncle's bubble, Harry replied "Not exactly," while pulling the Hogwarts letter from his pocket and dropping it on the table. Vernon's face paled considerably and paled even more so when Harry continued with "My parents' old school sent me this." At that point, Petunia joined the conversation and spluttered out "How did you learn of this?" "When you guys left me alone for the holidays in 1987, a letter arrived explaining everything." Vernon's eyes started to bulge as his skin turned puce as he remembered that it was him that wanted to visit Marge at her house instead of having her over to theirs like usual. "I'll not pay for you to learn magic!" "You don't have to." Petunia started to glare hatefully at her nephew and spat out "Liar, I remember when Lily went to that school. It was expensive but our parents sent her anyway, even though I had to attend public school." Rolling his eyes at her obvious display of jealousy, Harry continued with 'You don't have to because my father paid for all seven years of my tuition the moment that I displayed magical talent." Ignoring the scoff that Petunia gave at the word talent, Harry turned towards Vernon as he knew that he would make the final decision anyway. "I'd be gone for nine months out of the year at the least and I won't come back for yule or easter. Also, in the magical world, I will be declared an adult at seventeen instead of eighteen like it is here. That means that I will be out of your hair for good sooner rather than later." "What about your course books? I'm not paying for those." Sighing at the man's stubbornness, Harry replied "That's not your concern, I'll pay for it. Somehow." "Fine. I'll drive you to wherever you need to go but you'll have to find your own way back." Vernon smirked, thinking that he had won but those thoughts were quickly erased when Harry turned heel and said "Sure, I'll be waiting in the car." Once in the car, Harry mutters a shrinking charm that resizes Dudley's clothes to fit him perfectly and then uses a cleaning charm to give the clothes their faded color back. The charm won't last more than four or five hours and the clothes will be ruined for good afterwards but Harry planned on buying new clothes in Diagon Alley. Grumbling as he opened the door to the car, Vernon got in and turned in his seat to stare at his nephew. "You will not say a word this entire trip. We will not stop for bathroom breaks and you will sit still back there. Got it?" After receiving a nod and an innocent smile in response, Vernon turned back around and muttered about "Freaks ruining his normal day." HP***Hope That a Stranger Gives***HP "Where is it? I don't see anything," Vernon announces as they arrived on the street that held the Leaky Cauldron. "It's charmed, only magical people can see it." Harry explained before looking around the street and finding it between two muggle stores. "I see it," Harry proclaimed as he unbuckled his seatbelt and exited the Ford Sierra. "I'll be back at the house in three or four hours." Giving a grunt of dismissal, Vernon pulls away and drives back towards Surrey. Walking into the pub, Harry made sure to cover his scar before walking up to Tom the Barman. "Hello sir, if it is not too much of a bother I would like to be let into Diagon Alley." Tom looked at Harry before searching the pub and then looked back at the dark-haired child. "Where are your parents?" Harry let a hurt expression cross his face and a tear to come to his eye before he dropped his gaze to his shoes and whispered, "They're dead sir." "Oh, sorry kid. Of course I'll let you through. Right this way." Tom led Harry into the alley behind the bar and up to a brick wall. "Now watch carefully. You want to tap the bricks exactly like I am doing." After he finished tapping each brick, the wall opened up and Harry saw an area bustling in activity with plenty of people walking joyfully around getting their shopping done. Seeing the look on the kid's face, Tom laughed and patted him on the shoulder, "Welcome to Diagon Alley. Enjoy your stay."