believed… He started to clumsily massage her round breasts and kissing her neck. It made her gasp. "What are you doing?" He raised his head to meet her intense glance, "I'm trying to make the experience pleasurable… It's the least I can do. You are my wife now. It's my duty." She knew he didn't want to hurt her, but the realization he wanted to please her struck her. That wasn't something her father had ordered. Most Death Eaters would have taken her without giving it a second thought, without caring whether she was wet enough to avoid pain, without caring it was her first time. She hadn't expected a Death Eater to think about her needs before his. He was just as scared as she was; she saw it in his eyes. She noticed his face usually gave nothing away, like a mask. His eyes though... If she looked close enough, she saw emotions in there. She shut her eyes and dried the last tears. She inhaled and exhaled slowly and, wavering a bit, she pecked his cheek. "Thank you, Severus." The Potions Master was astonished: for the first time in forever, a woman had willingly kissed his cheek. And she was not any woman but Voldemort's daughter. Why would she? He pushed the thought aside and kept on giving her pleasure. Despite his non-existent experience, he must have been doing something well, for the room was filled with her soft moans and sighs that aroused him. She suddenly stopped him and commanded, "Do it now." Severus didn't even consider saying no to her. He took off his pants, releasing his hard member, and nervously positioned himself in her entry. "It's going to hurt." Her eyes softened. She gulped and lifted her hand. She stopped mid air, pondering whether she should go ahead and touch him. He had touched her with respect, stopping if she made a sound of pain, asking if he should add more pressure or not, if she liked being touched in certain areas. She hadn't touched him. Severus looked at her hand in wonder. Her fingers finally found his cheek and stroked it. The touch was so foreign, so warm. He didn't lean into her. He didn't say anything. But he didn't move. He didn't pull her away, only stared at her almost in awe. She wasn't repulsed by him. He was about to take her virginity and she wasn't afraid to touch him. That was a pleasant yet scary thought. She nodded at him, indicating that she was ready, and he penetrated her. Skyrah seemed to be in pain, so he didn't dare to move while she adjusted to him. A few moments later, she nodded again and Severus followed his instincts started to thrust into her, slowly increasing the rhythm. Severus had never imagined that something like that would feel so good. Her walls were tight and wet, and Severus was losing control of his mind. He only felt pleasure and heat. The hand that had been on his face had lowered and gripped him by the shoulder. Her free hand snaked down her clit and rubbed it, eyes half-closed. For some reason, the image turned him on. The pace increased, and he didn't even notice. Suddenly, Skyrah arched her back and climaxed. He had never seen a woman orgasming, let alone a particularly pretty one. He was mesmerized by the sight, by the sounds she was making. He felt powerful because he knew he had played an important role for her to experience that. This was enough to bring Severus over the edge too. He pulled out and let himself rest on the bed, exhausted. Their breaths evened and Severus found himself blurting out he had never thought she would be like that. He would have cursed himself for confessing that if it wasn't because he was aware he had to share his life with this woman, not only give her his seed. He knew they would have to start talking sooner or later. Besides, he had been honest. She had acted like a human being, something that had appeared unimaginable coming from Voldemort's daughter. She turned to him and wondered, "Be like what?" "You seemed so cold and just now you seemed... different . That's all." She rolled her eyes and countered back, "Look who's talking. You didn't seem to be the loving type either." She had sounded... playful? Was that even possible considering her blood? And that little smirk on her face? Was she teasing him? The only woman who had ever teased him was Minerva, and even then, she teased the Slytherin House, not him. Not directly, at least. The truth was that Skyrah had a point, and he actually chuckled. He couldn't believe it. He didn't laugh easily. Why did he feel like he could let go when he was with her? Perhaps it was because she had seen him naked and haven't run away or looked at him with disgust, because she had stroked his cheek unafraid. Anyway, he had enjoyed the feeling of his chest rumbling with his low laughter and her observation had been correct. He was quite reserved and snarky and pushed people away, certainly not the loving type. He didn't really know why he had been so determined to pleasure her first, to make it as special as he could, taking into account they were complete strangers losing their virginities together. Hardly the way he had imagined he would lose his virginity. Strangely, he didn't regret it. He felt an odd peace. "Indeed… Have you had dinner yet?" he asked, changing the topic. This woman was still the daughter of Voldemort, no matter he had made him feel things he had never thought possible. He had to be careful. "No." "Do you want an omelet with some salad?" he inquired, raising an eyebrow. She had a tiny smile on her face when she nodded, a tiny smile which didn't go unnoticed by Severus.