when she needed to vent about wanting to hex the stuffing out of a stupid schoolboy who sent the bookstore into disarray, her closest friend when she had news to celebrate. When she had decided she was ready to come back to the Wizarding World to work, she floo-ed for the first time in three years to Fred's flat, and rushed down the home-sickeningly familiar stairs to the shop, where Fred had scooped her up in his arms and swung her around in front of his twin and all of their customers. A few weeks later, she was working at Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes as a novice innovator with the twins, the proud inventor of the "Phony Fiction", a novel that appeared to be a textbook, through some clever charmwork. Hermione hadn't missed a beat when she jumped back into the Magical community, and when she moved in with Fred a few months later, she was pleased to say that her creativity rivalled his during late night brainstorming sessions with the twins. Every part of her return to the Wizarding World was cloaked in laughter, thanks to Fred. Their first date, once she returned, was him taking him to the soon-to-be-second location of Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes and telling her about the plans he had to make it breathtaking. Their first anniversary was a trip to a muggle theatre to see a film, during which he muttered what was, in his opinion, "better dialogue" than what the actors were really saying. Even his proposal was shrouded in mischief. On the day of the second storefront's opening, Fred made a big show about telling the press that he would be cutting a ribbon with giant scissors to officially open the doors, after explaining that it was a muggle tradition. As he stepped up to the ribbon, Hermione standing to the left of the door watching him with a huge grin on her face, he made the cut. The scissors went almost all the way through the ribbon, but caught at the very bottom, an occurrence which prompted a curious look on Hermione's face until she heard someone in the crowd shout, "It's a ring!" Before she had time to process what that could possibly mean, Fred was in front of her, on one knee. "Hermione, I've been in love with you for eight years now. I've seen your passion for justice, your generous nature, your fun-loving, quick-thinking, comical mind, and your fierce determination. You have enriched every part of my life, through magic and muggles, pranking and principles, laughs and losses. I can't imagine making mischief for the rest of my life without having you by my side, so, Hermione Granger, will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?" Before he could stand up she had thrown herself onto him, tears streaming down her face, and hands clasped around his neck, whispering "Yes, a million times, yes." The crowd went wild, and within moments, the future Mrs. Fred Weasley was aiding her fiancé in opening up the newest branch of his joke shop. They returned to their flat that night early, making the most of their newly minted engagement status with Fred reading Hermione's favorite book out loud, while she rested with her head on his stomach, the glint of her ring catching light from the fireplace as she fell asleep to the sound of her fiancé's voice. She missed those early days of their relationship, she mused as she turned the water off in the shower; the ones where she was still working at the bookshop and he was managing the Diagon Alley shop with George. Now, they had both moved on in their careers, her to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and him to the newest branch of Weasley's Wizarding Wheezes in Hogsmeade. While she couldn't complain about their progress in the professional world, she was afraid that they had lost their youth and sense of mischief. Merlin, we're only in our twenties, Hermione, you're acting like we're on our deathbeds! She could hear Fred's voice ringing in her mind. She shook her hair out as she toweled herself off and got dressed, and harangued it into a smooth plait down her back. She headed downstairs to make herself a cup of tea, only to find her husband grinning at her. She returned the smile and made to grab a mug from the cupboard only to be caught around the waist by a pair of strong arms pulling her towards a solid body. "What are you doing Fred?" "Why, 'Mione, I thought I would make you your tea this morning, that's all. I know you've had a busy work schedule, and I thought I would take a load off of your shoulders, however small and sugary it may be," He winked. "Besides, I figured you would need your energy before our adventures today, so I made it extra strong." Hermione groaned as she squirmed out of his grasp. She had forgotten that they had promised to babysit Ron and Luna's toddler today. It was their third wedding anniversary, and Ron had wanted to take Luna out for the day without having to worry about Oliver, their son. Hermione loved Oliver, she really did, but he was quite the handful. "You know darling, it really is quite muggy outside today. You might want to change out of those jeans and into something a bit lighter." Hermione spun around, only to find herself face to face with a smirking Fred. "Fred, I swear, if I go outside and all of our mugs are on the lawn…" she trailed off. Fred just smiled wider and watched her march angrily to the front door, before hearing her irritated shouts. "FREDERICK GIDEON WEASLEY!" Maybe they hadn't lost their sense of mischief after all. A/N: Okay, this is my first one-shot, and I'm not going to lie, I had a BLAST writing it. Let me know what you think with the review button above!