her ear. Desperate for release now, she turned her head up to kiss him, entwining her fingers in his soft hair; seconds later she felt the pent-up orgasm within her release in waves of pleasure, drowning her in blissful ecstasy. Draco continued working her over, feeling her muscles contract around his fingers, her breath coming in soft moans and gasps, her hips grinding into his hand as she came with one long deep moan. After a minute or two, she sighed and she relaxed into him. He held her in his arms when she came back to her senses, still breathing heavily, but feeling strangely satisfied. Relishing in that feeling, she just lay in his arms, listening to his heartbeat while her mind returned to racing thoughts. How had this night taken such a strange turn? She was in Draco Malfoy's tub and he had just given her one of the best orgasms of her life. He. Draco Malfoy. And the strangest part was she didn't want the night to end, she didn't want to leave him. In fact, she wanted more of him. Despite feeling satisfied, she still ached with the need to feel him inside of her. So, she sat up in the tub and turned to face him—his body was glistening with moisture, and he wore a very serene expression. He looked into her eyes and smiled cockily. "Was that… was that okay?" Hermione bit her lower lip and nodded as she repositioned herself. With a wicked smile, she reached for his still stiff cock and started stroking it. "Yes," he managed to husk, "so good…" He gasped loudly when she brushed over the base of his cock, but then he stopped her. Nodding in understanding, she let go and took his hands to place them on her hips as she slowly lowered herself onto him. "So good," Draco murmured breathily, closing his eyes and leaning his head against the edge of the tub—it was the face of someone who had found utter bliss in the feel of a woman around him. Hermione leaned forward to kiss and suck along his neck, even biting lightly as he had done to her. In response, Draco's hands gripped her hips tighter, and Hermione started moving up and down his length, grinding her hips back and forth tantalisingly slow. He felt so amazing; he was not lacking in size or talent, and she could feel the heat build up in her core once more. She soon found a pace that had both of them lost in feelings of ecstasy. She lost it completely when he slipped his hand down between their bodies and rubbed her clit; she fell forward and held onto his shoulders to keep from collapsing onto him. With her hands on his shoulders, she arched her back, moaning with pleasure as the fire deep inside her core threatened to explode again. She gripped his shoulders tighter as she breathed in deeply. "Fuck, you feel so incredible, Hermione." She smiled mischievously and squeezed her muscles around his length causing Draco's breath to hitch and his body to tremble. "Wha-what was that? Can you do that again?" he pleaded. She smiled again, "What? This?" she asked, as she squeezed him again. She shivered at the intensifying feeling of his pulsating member inside her, gasping even. "Ungh...yes!" he said breathily, gripping her hip so hard he was leaving marks as he pushed deeper into her. His eyes burned with desire and she could not resist making him groan as she squeezed his cock again. "I've never felt anything like that before, that's incredible." he said awestruck. She leaned in close to him, placing her hands on the back of his neck and entwining her fingers in his hair. She rocked back and forth excruciatingly slow, locking her eyes with his, savoring the feeling of him burying himself in her. Draco caressed her cheek and pulled her in to kiss her hungrily. "I am so close… Hermione, I need you to… I—I want to feel you come." His plea was irresistible, and she needed him to come as well, a carnal desire fueled her determination as she quickened her pace. She closed the small gap between them, melding her body against his with a hungry kiss, letting their tongues twist and tangle while she ground her hips into his. She could feel her orgasm building, her body quaking with every thrust. The sensation of Draco's hand between them as he trailed his thumb over her clit teased her to the brink of orgasm. "Oh...yes….so...good! So...so...close!" Her enjoyment seemed to egg him on, he removed his hand from her hip, entwined his fingers in her hair and pulled her in for another kiss, taking her bottom lip between his teeth and biting softly. Her body went still for a moment before she let out a long guttural moan, slowing her pace as she came, relishing in the feeling of him slowly moving inside her. Draco stopped for a moment as he felt her orgasm then resumed his rhythm, a captivated expression on his face. "You are so beautiful... I could watch you come over and over and never tire of seeing it," he said suggestively. With a hard push, he buried himself inside her, letting out his release with a primal growl. He wrapped his arms around her and stroked her back which was now dripping with steam and sweat. Hermione laid her head against Draco's chest, their breath coming in small pants, hearts racing with satisfaction and pleasure. "I just had sex with Draco Malfoy," she said matter-of-factly, but with a content smirk. "Good sex, though!" he said proudly. "Very fucking good sex!" she said with a laugh. She pulled away from him and marveled in the look of satisfaction on his face and thought to herself that this was something she could get used to. "So how about that sandwich?" she asked with a laugh as her stomach growled. _/*******{o0&0o}*******\_