we Soul Eaters are." "Oh, fuck you," Wyatt spat which knocked the smile of James' face, it also caused him to draw his wand while digging his nails roughly in again. "Language," James criticized calmly and that sadistic smile again rematerialized as he held his wand up, "You know, Wyatt, at first I was bothered when Marigold told me I couldn't make you bleed until you recovered enough to stop needing Blood-Replenishing potion lest you die. But it's been kind of fun finding ways to hurt you that don't need to make you bleed, plus something else he said struck me as curious. He said that your wounded eye could still be salvaged so long as he could treat it but, I wonder…" Wyatt jumped – or tried to, James' nails held him firmly in place – in surprise as the tip of James' wand lit up suddenly. And not like a Wand-lighting Charm, like a molten fiery light. Wyatt could feel the heat of it already. "Do you think he could salvage it if I gouge it out?" James asked casually and Wyatt hoped very much it didn't show on his face that his heart leaped fearfully, he couldn't take his eyes off the wand, "If I use burning it won't even make you bleed, it'll cauterize any damage and burns don't make you bleed. They just hurt, like a lot. So what do you think, Wyatt? Feel like talking or feel like having your eye gouged out in burning pain?" Wyatt said nothing, not trusting himself to speak lest he accidently blurt out and beg pathetically for his eye. He might hate James more than he feared him but he certainly feared that. James' sadistic smirk crawled back onto his face, he was going to enjoy this. "I guess the eye it is then," James said aloud and moved his wand closer, Wyatt felt the heat intensifying and tried to move his head away but James' grip held him firm, "Uh-uh, no weaseling out of the bed you made…" "Master!" a voice called and Wyatt didn't think he'd been more relieved to hear anyone say anything in his life. James was forced to angrily let him go and turn his attention to the speaker as the door opened, revealing an olive-skinned teenager with a mop of course dark curls. The boy was dressed plainly and looked almost unhealthily underweight but most notably, he had a brand on his cheek that Wyatt knew the Shadows used to mark slaves. "What have I told you, Yannis?!" James yelled at the boy who was taller than him despite seeming little younger, storming over and striking him violently. And again, punctuating every syllable with another blow, "Do. Not. Int-err-upt. Me ." "I'm sorry, Master," Yannis – assuming James had the name right – whimpered as James flung him onto the ground, holding his hands up protectively and preemptively from further attack which James did go to do, "Stephan told me to get you right away though! I was just following his orders!" "Well why didn't you say that sooner!" James angrily yelled, pulling Yannis back up and slamming the fearful youth into the wall. "I'm sorry, Master," Yannis apologized again and looked like he was bracing himself for further attack, for a second Wyatt thought he would receive it but James seemed to reign in his temper. "Well I best see what Stephan wants, I'll deal with your punishment later," James said instead and headed out, Yannis leaned back against the wall and looked after James with an unmistakable look of loathing. It quickly reverted back to fear as James stormed back an instant later but Wyatt still caught it, the slave hated his master, "Come on, Yannis! I didn't tell you to stand there like an idiot and Wyatt, enjoy your last few minutes with that eye." Yannis cast him a look of sympathy briefly before following James out, James slamming the door behind them and leaving Wyatt in complete darkness as the torchlight died when James left. Wyatt took a deep breath, he had been left on his own before but he was still recovering from Lysander crushing him and as a result had felt so weak he'd just slept or collapsed. But not this time. Wyatt leaped to his still get, finding himself a little unsteady but it would do. It had to. He needed to get away, he needed to get away right now. He stumbled forwards until he reached the door and tumbled blindly about for any opening large enough to fit through as a lizard, that was all he needed to escape, just a small crack. Anything! But he wasn't finding anything, the door was pretty secure and there were no bars. No gap beneath it, or above or on the sides. "No, no, please, come on," Wyatt begged desperately of the nothing, "Please." He moved instead to the walls, running his bound over the stones in search of a sliver of space he could crawl into. It was all he needed, it really wasn't a lot. But he wasn't, he wasn't finding anything. Or on the other wall or the door's wall, not even the final wall. Not up, not down, not center. There was nothing, no way a lizard could crawl out of the room. "No," Wyatt moaned, slumping to the ground as his trembling legs half-buckled beneath him. He couldn't get away, he buried his face in his hands. He didn't know what else to do, he wasn't strong enough or smart enough to find a way out of this like any of the others probably could've. There was no escape for him. "Sorry about that," James' voice commented and Wyatt jumped fearfully at the door was opened again, looking up as James closed it behind him. The torchlight sprang back, casing a crimson glow on James as he held up his wand and the tip glowed red again, "So where were we?"