removing the tie around his head. "You know... without her robes." "You've seen McGonagall in robes?" Ron smirked, intrigued by this new bit of information. "Never mind," Harry said, embarrassed. "Whatever." He let out a small laugh, but seemed to quickly lose interest. Instead he focused on his lunch. Eventually he did tell Ron about his dream, but he didn't seem to really care, so he pushed it to the back of his mind. After school ended, he was forced to stay in Snape's classroom and do his homework until Snape was ready to leave. Why this man had to give out ten page assignments on the first day of school, Harry didn't know. The only person who seemed to be excited about it was Hermione... and no one, not even Snape, was surprised by that. Snape had finally finished grading and he was ready to leave. They were silent on the car drive home. Snape was never a man of many words, Harry found out long ago. Harry was glad of that. He didn't want to bond with the man. His mother wanted them too (and Snape has attempted to bond with Harry, for the sake of making his Lily happy), but both really don't seem interested in one another at all. They get along simply because Lily wants them too. At supper, Lily was telling an interesting occurrence at the store this morning. "It was weird," she said. "It was like all the cans just fell over by themselves. I didn't know what to say to the man... How do you explain such an occurrence?" "Magic perhaps," said Snape. Harry could feel Snape's eyes on him. Snape was making fun of him, Harry knew, but Lily didn't seem to notice, for she went on to say, "I didn't think of that! Harry, do you suppose it could have been magic?" Harry raised an eyebrow. They can't be serious. "It was just a dream, mum," he said. "Those cans probably fell off because they were stacked wrong or something." "I think it was magic," said Sydney. "Me too!" Lily tapped the tip of Sydney's nose lightly and he giggled. Changing the subject, Lily asked how the first day of school was. "Great," Harry said sarcastically. "I've got a teacher who hands out ten page assignments on the first day. He also gives out way too much homework." "And I've got a student who fails to read his books ahead of time," Snape snapped back. "He also spends too much time talking to that Weasley boy and not enough time paying attention. God knows he needs to." They glared at each other. "Harry, don't start at the table," commanded Lily. "Me? He just called me dumb and you're taking his side?" Harry said that a bit harsher than he had intended. "I'm not taking anyone's side," she said. "But you started it, so you will end it." "But—" "End it!" "Sorry," Harry mumbled. He was getting tired of this family already. He was getting tired of Snape already. Maybe he was ready to visit the wizarding world again... or maybe even with the Dursleys. "Sev." "My apologies, Mr. Potter," said Snape. It sounded cruel to Harry, but his mother seemed satisfied. "Good. Now that we're all friends again"—Harry rolled his eyes at this—"let's enjoy each other's company." Later that night, Harry was in his room, working hard on his story. It was all he could think about all day, but soon realized he would not be able to finish it all in one night. This whole story was something way bigger than he expected; it was a whole other world in his mind. "Doing your homework, I hope," said Lily. Harry turned around and saw his mother. "Er"—he covered his story up with his science book—"Yeah… just getting a head start for tomorrow," he said, pretending to read a paragraph in Snape's long boring book. Lily laughed. "My son—the son of the notorious James Potter—studying? Now that's a sight I thought I'd never see." Harry smiled, almost let out a chuckle, and she kissed his forehead, on the scar that no longer existed. "Bed time," Lily said, leading Harry to his bed. "Maybe you'll have that dream again." "Maybe this is the dream," he said, mostly to himself. "I hope not," she said, tucking him in. "Not having your mother nagging at you to do your homework is no world I want you living in." They laughed and Lily placed one last gentle kiss on Harry's forehead. "Good night, Harry," she said. Harry yawned and rested his head on his pillow. He felt his mother's hands removing his glasses. "Night," he breathed, exhausted. "May you have pleasant dreams, my darling," she said in a soft whisper. Harry opened his eyes; Ron and Hermione were staring at him. Neither of them looked worried, nor angry, but Hermione did look a bit annoyed. His body ached all over and all he wanted to do was roll over and go back to sleep. So he did just that. "Honestly, how long does one wizard need to sleep," said Hermione. "A wizard who just defeated the dark lord? A bloody damn lot, Hermione!" "We've already pushed back the party—" "What?" said Harry, who had been listening. He sat up, his head pounding. "See what you've done," said Ron, "gone and woken him up." "Sorry, Harry," Hermione apologized. "That's alright," Harry said, looking around. "Where are we?" Hermione and Ron looked at each other curiously. "The Burrow," said Ron. Harry watched in amazement as a floating blanket folded itself. After the blanket was folded properly, it floated down, gently landing on the bed. It was almost like he was witnessing magic for the first time. "Harry?" Hermione said, watching Harry watch the blanket. "Are you alright?" He took one last long look at the blanket then turned to his friends. They both looked worried. "Yeah… yeah, I'm excellent, actually," Harry replied. "Weird dream… that's all."