was this bit he said that stuck to this day, there was a Veela once in the family, so long ago that it was thought myth. A Malfoy married a Veela woman, he was her mate. This was no normal Veela, she was pure and considered to be one of the most powerful Veela's to ever exist. Naturally, like a true Malfoy…" This Draco said with scorn, "he had a mistress. Veela's are unlike witches or wizards, they do not care for customs or societal rules. This Malfoy was her mate, the man she was supposed to spend eternity with, she felt cheated and was heartbroken." Draco clasped his hand with Hermione's, effectively cutting her absentminded circular motions. "She laid a curse upon my family, or so the story goes, that if ever a daughter was to be born, she would not be of pure blood. This is of course old views, pureblooded heirs were everything up until now." Draco chuckled, "It's stupid considering my family believed this to be a curse, my father said that whenever a Malfoy woman was with child they would immediately test for the child's gender. They dreaded the birth of a female child, they thought it myth but could not help but believe it. It drove my ancestor mad, but the Veela knew how much pureblood meant to him and sought to destroy him with it." Hermione's eyes furrowed with worry, "This doesn't explain how Cassiopeia might have inherited a Veela gene unless…" Draco nodded, "They did have a child. A son. He was partial Veela and was considered to be the last Veela within the family as those that came after him showed no signs of the Veela heritage. Until now…centuries after and when it just so happens to be a Malfoy daughter whose a half-blood." "Draco, even if that story were true, it does not matter. Cassie being a Veela is just another magical manifestation she will have to go through, albeit not alone. And honestly, if that Veela wanted to really curse the Malfoy's why only target the females?" "Veela's born from a pureblooded family are stronger, much more so when they are female. I don't think she was cursing the females, but rather making them magically stronger. She was a powerful Veela to begin with." At the look Hermione was shooting him he scoffed, "As much as you don't want to admit this, you know it to be true." "True or not. Now we might have a daughter who might be a Veela to deal with. Can't we talk about this in the morning? When I am able to process this amount of information." Hermione said with a little exasperation. A pale eyebrow went up in question, "The brightest witch of our age tires of solving a problem? When will wonder's cease." "You know I don't like that title. But, seeing as you not as somber and pouty as you were before, up." She patted Draco's arms, willing him to stand from the chair. "Come on Draco, I don't wish to lose any more sleep, I also promised Mr. Morel that I would owl him in the morning. So help me if I wake up mid-afternoon because you refused me any sleep." Draco snorted, "If we wake up late it's not my fault. Try and deny it love, but you are a heavy sleeper. If your loud snoring is any indication." Disbelief went through Hermione's face, "I do not snore loudly. If I snore it is because work has me at late hours doing paperwork. And just so you know, you snore loudly too." Draco gave a shrug as he walked by Hermione's side to their room, "I never denied it. And you know I have the memories to prove you wrong, say the word and you can have them." Hermione pouted so heavily that Draco couldn't help but smile and reach to pinch her cheeks, "Stop it will you. You'll wake the children, with the way these walls echo." Although her words her stern, her smile betrayed her tone. "I don't think that will happen. They'll likely stay away if they hear us laughing at this hour, you remember—" "Don't you dare finish that sentence. I don't think scarring one of our children is something to be so flippant about." Hermione said without a smile. "Come now. It wasn't nearly as bad as you make it sound." Draco said, he knew this wasn't the words to say. Sometimes he liked to rile Hermione on purpose, it was honestly one of the many reasons he loved her. It was also entertaining. "Our kitchen counters Draco." Hermione said this whilst she closed her eyes tightly, a hand on her brow, soothing the oncoming irritation. "Ah yes. If I remember correctly, you were particularly sensitive that night." Draco added, not seeing the clenching of Hermione's jaw. "Draco, Lacey was only six at the time. She can remember these things, or might just completely erase this from her mind, as it tends to "block" traumatic events from being recalled to protect itself from psychological trauma." Draco chuckled at Hermione's obvious grievous tone. "It's in the past. Besides were a lot more careful now. Lesson learned. No point in debating about it." He acquiesced. Hermione agreed as she opened the large double doors to their room, it was a room fit for a king when she thought about it. The bed itself had a carved wooden frame themed with fairy like creatures on the bedposts, the bed was royal size, custom made to fit a Malfoy's taste, which she played no part in. There was no argument allowed from her when they had first discussed this. She relented when she gave the same attitude about the colors allowed. She sighed when entering the large bathroom connected to the bedroom, all these thoughts meant nothing when comparing them to what they'd learned. It was going to be a long year. Tell me what you think.