girl. "I still don't understand why there is such a disdain for them though." Fluer explained. Thus far, all she knew about the group was that they were an advanced dueling class with a pair of amazing duelist at the helm and three kids who were brave enough to try and take them on. Why did the rest of the school seem to despise them? Fluers question obviously made the girl uncomfortable as she looked to her fellow classmate for help but received none. "Just tell her." one boy said lowly. "They will find out soon enough anyway." "Find out what?" Fluer asked, getting impatient as the girl checked to see who was listening. "Those three are bad news. Have been ever since their first year when they figured out a teacher was trying to steal from Hogwarts and killed him." the girl whispered, a touch of fear in her voice. "They killed someone?" Rachel suddenly blurted out, interrupting her silence as she quickly threw a glance at the trios way. Fluer quickly did the same but when she saw the black haired boy glance her way she quickly threw her eyes back at her informant. A few students around her nodded before they leaned in closer to share the rumors they had heard. "Second year someone released a monster on the school. It was petrifying people left and right. When it got Granger, Potter and Weasley hunted it down and killed it." a boy supplied. "Last year I heard Potter say he wished Black would find him so he could kill him. It was Snape that kept him from doing so and got Black captured." Someone else spoke up. "Too bad Black escaped later that night." someone cut in. "Escaped or free? Another questioned. " you saw the tower. The hatch had been blown off." " Yeah but who would have done something like that? Let a mad man go?" "Perhaps a certain teacher who was found to be a werewolf…" "Oh yeah. That makes sense. A werewolf, on the full moon, decided to somehow use a blasting spell to let a mad man go." The table quickly began to argue back and forth over the event but Fluer wasn't listening. She was watching the trio closer, her gut telling her to be very wary of them from now on. She ignored her food as she watched the group talk before sharp brown eyes snapped up and locked onto her. Fluer stared back defiantly, not ashamed of being caught staring, when she saw a shocked sort of awe slowly creep into the girl's face. Raising a brow she watched the awe become more prominent as the girl's eyes widened and her fork dropped to her plate. Thoroughly confused now, Fluer wondered what the girl was so in awe about when her cousin waved her hand in front of her face. "What?" Fluer asked, giving Rachel an annoyed look. "Did you not hear me?" Rachel asked before continuing when Fluer shook her head no. "They're class is listed as the D.A. class. With no further clarification on what that is. Some of them were saying it probably means something like Duelist Association or something. but someone's started the rumor that it's actually a Dark Arts class." Rachel explained. "I don't see the Hogwarts headmaster who started the Defense Against the Dark Arts class starting a Dark Art class. It's a bit of a contradiction." Fluer countered. Rachel gave her a small smirk before taking Fluers plate of bouillabaisse since there was no more at the table. "The same headmaster that employed a thief and a werewolf. The same headmaster that let a monster attack his students and was finished off by his students rather than sending them home and hunting it down himself. The headmaster that caught a killer before losing him the same night he was captured. The man who is hosting this tournament." Rachel pointed out, knowing from Fluers silence that she had won her argument. "Does that all answer your question. Why the school resents this special little class?" Rachel asked as Fluer sighed "Rule breakers, supposed killers, already put on a pedestal getting into a special class that's impossible to get in. Yeah, I can see it." Fluer commented before looking back at the trio who were now huddle closely to the girl. "A special class with special perks." Rachel added, watching with fluer as the trio quickly stood up and hastily marched out of the hall, the boys ushering the girl Hermione away to their waiting senior members. The group disappeared into the dark halls, hundred of eyes following them. "Like coming and going as they please." Rachel finished before seeing the burning gaze her cousin was giving the darkness the group had disappeared into. Smiling knowingly, Rachel took a final sip of her pumpkin juice and thought of how interesting the year was going to be. Learning in Scotland rather than France, a killer tournament with eternal glory as it's prize, a dangerous group of students from the host school, and her crazy cousin Fluer. Fluer Delacour who took on any and all injustices head on, who had a little too much pride, and a little too competitive of a nature. She would challenge this school, it's students, and this tournament with everything in her as she always did and Rachel was there to watch her back as she did. She had a promise to keep after all... A/N: I hope everyone enjoyed this story so far. As i said above, there is one major change in my story from canon and you (as well as Fleur) are just starting to see the tip of the iceberg that is this plot of mine. Drop me a review and let me know what you think. Reviews are motivation to write more often and result in faster updates. Also feel free to ask any questions or offer any theories, i'll answer them all if i can.