so fast after that, that Ron had not seen it in full. He was half watching the woman to make sure she was okay that he only realised something was wrong when his son collapsed to the ground. For a moment, the man stared at Hugo in shock, his knife glistening red. " No!" Ron ran to where Hugo lay on the ground, a spot of red growing larger with every second between his ribs. The attacker ran, dropping the knife as he fled the scene. Ron didn't bother chasing as he saw all colour drain from his son's face. People around had those mobile telephones out, perhaps calling a Muggle doctor to come to the scene. But as the red spot grew larger and already Hugo was gasping for breath, Ron knew waiting would only kill him. Looking around at the hundreds of Muggles that had now gathered, he knew the consequences, but he didn't care. He could deal with that later. Right now, his son needed help and he wasn't going to find it here. Gripping his wand in one hand and holding onto Hugo with the other, he Disapparated where he was, landing a moment later on the floor of St. Mungo's, frightening unsuspecting patients. " What on earth - oh my!" A young witch hurried away, returning seconds later with another witch. Together, without speaking, they levitated Hugo with their wands and took him away. Ron sat back on his heels, his hands and clothes covered in blood. Only now did what had happened occur to him. His son had almost died. … Hermione sat beside him, her own shoes dipping into the water. She smiled at Ron. "Rose said you left." Ron nodded, but said nothing. For a long while, they simply sat there in silence, watching the water run peacefully over the rocks. He'd not thought anything could have happened after reaching St. Mungo's. It was a Muggle injury, inflicted by a knife. Healers could repair anything like that. It was spells and curses which troubled them. Hugo had been gone for ages. Hermione and Rose had arrived, hugging Ron with tears rolling down both of their faces. They'd wanted to know what had happened - how - and then they'd sat together, waiting for any news. It had been a horrendous three hours. Weren't the Healers just glueing the spot back together, repairing the blood loss? Wasn't that a five minute job? If only. … A Healer came out three hours later. He appeared dejected, defeated. He approached the three of them with a grim look. " Is he okay?" Hermione asked, though she seemed to understand what that look meant. They all did. " I'm sorry." " What do you mean?" Ron demanded, searching for any bit of hope to hold onto, anything to stop the Healer from saying the words. Surely there was a mistake. Blood loss, a knife wound… it was nothing in the wizarding world. Home remedies could repair such inflictions. " Your son had passed before we could treat him." No one spoke for what felt like hours. It was as if the whole hospital had stopped. When Ron finally turned to his wife and daughter he saw silent tears running down their faces. No. No. Hugo couldn't be dead. It wasn't possible. He was twenty-one. " You can see him if you'd like," the Healer said. "Say goodbye." Ron nodded. He needed to see if it was true. … It had been very true. The moment Ron had entered the room, tears had sprung to his eyes and they'd not stopped since. Every moment he was alone, it was quiet, he'd think about that day and everything he could have done differently. There were so many ifs, buts and whys. So many should haves. But none of them were going to bring back his son. "I shouldn't have taken him," he eventually said, breaking the silence. "He didn't want to go." "We've been through this, Ron," Hermione said gently. "No one was to know." She wore the necklace they'd bought her that day, diamonds sparkling just above her heart. She picked it up in her hand. "He chose it." "I know." She covered his hand with her other one, squeezing it. "It's hard, but we have to do this. For Hugo's sake." "I'm not ready to say goodbye to him. If I do -" "It changes nothing," Hermione said. "He'll always be our son, and we were lucky enough to have had twenty-one incredible years getting to know him. We saw every moment of his life - his first smile, his first laugh, his first steps… everything." Ron bowed his head. "I loved him so much." "We all did. You can't feel guilty about it. He chose to do what he did, because it's how we raised him. He couldn't bear the thought of someone else being hurt under his watch. He was brave; a true Gryffindor." The lingering thought still hung in Ron's mind; Hugo shouldn't have. It should have been Ron. Hermione seemed to know what he was thinking, because she kissed his cheek. "You couldn't have stopped him anymore than I could have. You know what our children are like. Now, are we going to come back and say goodbye?" Ron nodded, climbing to his feet. The pain was still so raw, so real. But he knew if he didn't do this, everything would be so much worse. Hermione clutched his hand and smiled. "We'll do this together," she said. "For our son." Ron swallowed. For our son. Um, is it bad when I say this had been lingering in my thoughts for a while now? Ask my dear friend Amber? She copped some of the planning (by planning I mean - Hugo's gonna be murdered - and to her response 'bye Hugo'. ) Anyway, I hope you liked it. I am happy with the way it came out, truthfully. How I envisioned it.