he said. "We need to do it eventually." He left Harry to what he was supposed to be doing, and approached Dean, who was also looking rather bleak at the situation. "Come on, mate, we should probably make this place respectable again to those who live here." Dean agreed, and together, the two of them began to move the debris that had been caused by the battle in the small village. Neither of them spoke to one another, and although they didn't need to, there was the unexplainable grief that had befallen them. Neither of them had known that child, but they knew what it would be like to lose one. Ron couldn't control it, but an overwhelming amount of pity washed over him as Kingsley took the woman away. He felt for her, he really did. Who could be so heartless as to have murdered an innocent child? It just didn't make sense. OOO It was dark by the time Ron managed to make it back to his room, exhausted and confused over the day's events. He'd spent the good part of the day clearing the battle zone. Windows had been smashed, doors taken off their hinges, and beams were lying on the ground. Reinforcements had come to help, and even with magic, it had taken them some time. But, finally, he could go up to his bed (if that's what it could be called) and collapse and just sleep. He still couldn't get that child's image out of his head. He kept seeing Rose's face on the body, or Hugo. He couldn't believe they had lost someone. It appeared to have been an accident (the child most likely got caught in the crossfire) but it still didn't take away the fact that somebody's wand had done it. What if it had been his own? He'd never forgive himself. He didn't go out there and intentionally murder the boy, but what if it was still his wand? What would happen to him? Would he go to Azkaban? No, he wasn't going to think about it. He'd never used an Unforgiveable in his life. That child had been killed by Death Eaters, not an Auror. He opened the door to the small motel room, only to be almost knocked over by another person. "Oh, thank God you're alright!" Hermione cried, her arms finding his neck as she pulled him close to her. "I was so worried!" "I'm fine, Hermione," Ron mumbled, pushing her away slightly. As much as he appreciated her being there right now – he really did – he wasn't in the mood for her fussing. She looked up at him, her eyes brimming with tears. "I heard what happened," she said softly. "I'm really sorry." Ron moved over to the bed and collapsed onto it. She joined him. "It must have been hard." Ron didn't say anything for a long while. He ran his hands over his face, trying to wipe the images from his mind. "We've never lost anyone before," he said after a long time. "Especially not someone so young." "It was an accident," Hermione soothed, lying down beside him. She rested her head on his shoulder. "You weren't responsible for that boy." "No, but we were responsible for protecting those who weren't involved," Ron said. "What if that child was killed because of me?" Hermione lifted her head, watching him curiously. "What do you mean?" she asked. "Kingsley said that any spell could have killed him, because he was so small… Hermione, I was firing curses left, right and centre. We were out numbered. I wasn't watching. If he wasn't standing back, anyone could have got him." Gently, Hermione ran her hand down the side of his face. "You can't think like that, Ron. He was just in the wrong place, at the wrong time. You weren't even leading the mission." "No, bloody Hope was. He's the reason we're in this mess in the first place!" Anger rose in Ron's chest again. "Then it's not your fault. Nothing is. Kingsley can't blame you. Anyway, you don't know how that boy died. It could have been anyone." Ron was silent again after that, his mind ticking over. He wrapped his arms around Hermione. "What brings you here?" he asked. "I wanted to see if you were okay," Hermione whispered. "And, you're not, so I'm glad I came." Ron smiled into her, placing his lips into her hair. "I'm glad you're here too," he said. "I needed someone to talk to." "You can talk about it as much as you want, Ron," Hermione said. "I'm here to listen." And Ron did talk to her. He told her everything he could remember from the house to the battle to the child's death. Eventually, he became too weary to continue. "Do you need to stay?" Hermione asked, yawning. Ron nodded. "Yeah, especially now more than ever." "Then I'll stay with you," Hermione said. "For tonight, at least." Under any other circumstances, Ron would have told her to go home. It wasn't necessary for her to be there, but in this case, maybe it was. After all, she worked in Magical Law. Perhaps her assistance would be needed. He smiled drowsily. "Thanks," he mumbled. Hermione snuggled into his warm, lethargic body, her own eyes drooping. "Just don't blame yourself," she whispered. "You've done nothing wrong." But Ron didn't answer. His Auror robes still on, and the bed still made, he was asleep. So, here is the promised sequel to In This Together. This story begins in the timeline about 18 months before the first chapter of ITT. If you have read ITT, you are going to have a fair idea of the outcome of this story, but if you're coming into it now, well, I hope you still like me by the end. I really won't suggest what you read first - this or ITT. It's up to you. Thank you to Sunny Lighter for beta-ing. Muchly appreciated :D