I was better , that the ground I walked on was blessed by my presence because of the man that sold me to the slaughter before I could catch on. "I have to watch people die Granger, because I was too stupid to see what I was getting myself into earlier!" He grit his teeth, eyes darting away from her to some spot on the table in front of his instead. "You had plenty of opportunities to open your eyes earlier Malfoy. You chose not to." His eyes shimmered as he violently pushed back from the table and stormed off. It wasn't until she saw a shell-shocked Harry covered in blood later, slightly hysterical that he almost killed someone, did she realize that it was Malfoy. She did better on calming Harry down this time, though he still eventually wrenched away from her grasp to rant and panic and make new plans to investigate. It was at five in the morning that she realized the kitchen felt empty without him. Even though she'd only shared the space with him a couple of times, there'd been something reassuring about the pale-haired boy sitting a few lengths away. But he was gone. It was a stupid idea to go check up on him, but she did it anyways. It wasn't hard for her to sneak into the Hospital Wing anymore, considering how many times Harry or Ron had ended up in there. How much time she'd spent there when the Polyjuice went wrong, or she got petrified. Neither Harry nor Ron would support this adventure of hers. Though it did frustrate her how they did whatever they wanted without her approval and yet expected her to wait for theirs. It was quiet, the usual hum of the place silent in the early not yet light. She easily slipped to the right curtain, experienced enough to know that such a dangerous injury as Malfoy's would be closer to Madam Pomfrey's office. His eyes were closed, white bandages stark against his pale chest. He had always been pale, but he looked so much more pale than usual, deathly bags under his eyes proclaiming how close to death he'd really come. A black line curved over the bandage on one of his arms, and she jolted with the realization that the innocuous little thick line was the Dark Mark. She didn't know how long he'd been watching her from under his lashes, as she caught sight of his slow blink as her eyes found their way back to his face. "Hello Granger." His voice was soft, surprised. "Didn't expect to see you, especially since you know about this." His fingers trembled as they gestured to the Dark Mark. Then his face closed off, darkened. "Or are you here to confirm the disappointing news for Potter that I survived." "It was an accident-" "War isn't an accident. Using a curse you'd never used before on someone you hate isn't an accident." His eyes glared at the Mark, glared at the implications it placed on his frail self. "I told him the same things. But Harry isn't very good at judging his choices until after he's made them." She said softly, taking a step closer despite herself. "That's the only reason he's lived this long anyways. Any other mopey pothead would've keeled ages ago." She frowned at him, disappointed in a way she couldn't recognize. "I understand." Were the words that came out instead. He seemed to understand the shift in their conversation. "How could you? I'm a coward who doesn't have the courage to stand by his own choices." "No, you're a misguided boy who had his head so buried in the sand that it took tragedy to open your eyes to the world again. And while you made the wrong choices, they aren't entirely your fault. Things rarely are in the world. Always a mix of grey rather than black and white." He snorted. "Never thought someone so decidedly black and white like you would ever dare admit to seeing the grey." She smiled sadly. "Because my head was in the sand too. People always prefer delusions to reality, because reality is cruel, and reality hurts. Having someone to blindly follow always makes it better until you wake up and realize that while you marched, your perfect little world melted through your fingers like the sand you hid in." His face held a rosy glow only through the beginning rays of light to puncture through the window behind him into the wing. "Poetic. . ." He sighed a sigh that denoted an age, an age farther than his own. "...I'm so tired , Granger." She could practically taste the words on her own lips, too afraid saying them would allow her to give in, give up, when she really didn't have that choice. She never did, and she likely never would. "Me too Malfoy, me too." So, part of the story behind this one is the idea that Hermione isn't as cut and simple as she's somewhat typically portrayed. A deeper and sort of non-canon look into her motivations (and non-motivations). This was actually part of the idea for a story I had about a socially awkward (and sometimes sorta lazy, but not that way, don't get pitchforks!) Hermione that wasn't too far off character, but deeper because it'd be her view instead of Harry's. This story would, of course, be a dramione, and I was thinking of having a certain wizard be Hermione's birth father in this one, which would of course cause a lot of ripples and changes. Tell me what you think, and if you'd be interested in reading another such story (I have no doubts something similar probably exists, lol XD) and of course, tell me if you liked this one! :P (Sorry if I sound weird, life's being weird right now, and I'm trying to figure out if I should turn these lemons into lemon bars or fish stick garnish...)