avenging my best friend and saving his son. But after meeting you, I wanted to be a part of your life. As I spent time with you, I came to realise that I care about you. More than anything else, Harry. I love you like a son. When Remus told me that you faced Voldemort again tonight, all I could think about was that I had never told you how important you are to me.' Harry stared at me with wide eyes, looking both touched and shocked that I was being so open all of a sudden. 'Thank you for telling me, Sirius…' He cleared his throat nervously. 'Having you around… it's like… how I imagined it would be to… have a dad.' I couldn't help it; I grinned like a loon and pulled him in for another hug. 'Harry, I don't want to keep holding you at arms length just because that's what other people think is best. It's not good enough. I want to take a more active role in your life if you'll let me.' 'I'd like that,' Harry said, grinning. It was a while before I remembered that we were surrounded by glass. It was several more minutes until I realised that Harry was hurt. 'Are you alright? You're bleeding.' A bewildered expression crossed his face as he glanced down at himself. He had numerous cuts on his neck and arms from being showered in glass, and the legs of his trousers were spotted with blood from the knees down. 'I didn't notice,' he said in surprise, getting to his feet slowly. I shook my head fondly as he tried to hide a wince. He straightened, attempting to look perfectly healthy and alert, but failed dismally. 'Hospital Wing. Come on.' 'Not a bad idea,' Harry said, eyeing my own cuts and grazes critically. 'You look like you need it.' 'Me? I'm fine,' I said calmly, although once I was standing I felt a bit lightheaded. 'I was talking about you. I'd better turn into Padfoot. You can lean on me if you need to.' We made our way down the winding staircase and emerged in the corridor beside the gargoyle on the outside. Remus and Dumbledore were there waiting. Both smiled warmly when they caught sight of Harry, looking tired but relaxed as he limped along by my side. We made our way through the many corridors to the Hospital Wing. My exhaustion caught up with me. My injuries were giving me some trouble; Bellatrix had hit me with some powerful hexes before I fell through the veil. I struggled to walk straight, something Harry was quick to pick up on. 'Sirius?' he said quietly. 'Are you okay?' I couldn't muster up the energy to respond. Wordlessly, Remus moved to my side, occasionally shooting me concerned glances as I continued to stumble along. They had to keep stopping to allow me to catch up. When we finally reached the Hospital Wing, Remus hurried Harry to an empty bed while Dumbledore went to look for Madam Pomfrey. Meanwhile, my shaky legs had given out again, dumping me in the middle of the aisle with a muffled thump. Remus turned quickly from Harry and strode to my side. 'Come on, almost there. Up you get,' he murmured as he slipped his arms around my chest and hefted to my feet. He helped me clamber onto the empty bed beside Harry's. Once there, I plonked down gracelessly and laid my head on my. Harry looked worried so I wagged my tail and yawned hugely, hoping he'd get the message that I was fine, just tired. He nodded, but didn't look at all convinced. Madam Pomfrey made her appearance about a minute later. 'Mr. Lupin, what is that dog doing on the bed?' she demanded, hands going to her hips. 'Resting, ma'am,' said Remus in an innocently polite tone that had saved the Marauders multiple times during our school years. 'Hmph,' she muttered. 'I can see that. Why is it in here? This is a hospital!' Remus nodded sagely. 'He's hurt. I don't suppose you'd mind having a look at it – after Harry, of course.' She still looked annoyed but bustled over to Harry. 'Let's have a look at you, Mr. Potter. Where does it hurt?' she said in a motherly tone. Harry was soon wearing clean pajamas and covered in bandages, looking a bit uncomfortable at being centre of attention. I was pleased to see his face had lost the pale and strained appearance of before. 'Madam Pomfrey?' said Harry when she'd finished fussing over him. 'Could you please check on my dog Snuffles? He's hurt.' Her eyes softened and she patted his hand gently. 'Of course, dear,' she said kindly. I was too worn out to bother moving, so I just lay there as she cleaned my wounds and rubbed on a nasty smelling cream that burned horribly when she applied it. I felt Harry's eyes on me the entire time. When the matron was finished, I gave her hand a lick and wagged my tail. 'Oh, you are a sweet thing, aren't you?' she murmured, patting me on the head before hurrying back to check on her other patients. I lifted my head a fraction and looked at Harry in a self-satisfied way. See, I can soften her up too. He tried to hide a grin behind a bandaged hand. Remus merely rolled his eyes, being much too used to my antics to find even a shred of amusement in the situation. I lay my head back on the soft bed and watched Harry do likewise. It wasn't long before his exhaustion caught up with him and he drifted off to sleep. I smiled to myself as my own eyes closed. We were safe. It wouldn't last – I knew that – but in this moment, I let myself relax. Harry was safe. I was by his side, where I belonged. For now, all was well.