kisser. His lips moved in a slow sensual fashion across her, mapping her taste to memory. He tasted better than Firewhiskey. In fact. the next time she resolved to get drunk, she'd just strut over to the dungeons, call him out and plant one hard on his soft lips. His kiss had just the right amount of dominance and tenderness, a balance she admired profoundly and he made sure she was enjoying every second. When she reached her hands up to brush back his still wet hair, he took the opportunity to bring down one of his Quidditch calloused hands and expertly tweak her cloth covered nipple. The moment she opened her mouth to moan, he quickly slipped his tongue inside and began to stroke hers with increasing passion The git had done that on purpose. Every once in a while during her heated snog session, her mind would scream at her to pull away and kill him for manipulating her into his well crafted trap. After his death, she could burn those twins alive. They deserved a slow painful death, those impeccable cockroaches. She didn't even get the time to rage against Malfoy himself. A part of her, the very part that encouraged her to finger herself at times to the image of Draco bloody Malfoy demanded that she enjoy this, that this was a wicked dream come true and she had no reasn to complain despite the circumstances. When Malfoy's lips trailed a line of hot kisses down her neck, Hermione began to get frustrated. Frustrated with herself for being so weak and such a fool, frustrated for giving into her mindless crush, frustrated for doing this right before a big match, and frustrated with Malfoy for getting her so hot and bothered. It was time to crash land to reality. "Malfoy.." she groaned, gently tugging his hair so as to pull him back. "Granger...shush" he whispered against her neck before procceeding to unbutton her top. "No, we can't do this right now", she tried pleading again. "I had to go through a lot of pain to make this happen so just shut it and enjoy" Confusion and lust melted to growing anger finally. "Why?" she spoke tersely now. "Why me? Aren't I a mudblood?" That was enough for him to pull away. Hermione had to restrain a groan at the loss of heat when he placed a distance of few centimeters between them For a fleeting moment, she thought she saw hurt flash in his grey eyes but it as well could have been her imagination. "I haven't called you that in a long time", he said in a surprisingly calm voice. "It still doesn't justify what you did Malfoy", she tried not to sound rude or disappointed. "Oh trust me, I have my reasons Granger" Wait, why did he sound so triumphant again? What was with that "cat-ate-the-canary" look? His grin could easily rival Cheshire cat's. Without warning, he slipped his hand down her arm, leaving goosebumps in it's wake, closed his fingers around the bottle placed in the right side pocket of her denims and pulled it out rather smoothly. And just like that, the arrogant Draco Malfoy she so very despised was back with a bang. "Our stock was running low on Confusing Concoction. Thanks for this Granger" He then placed a well manicured finger under his chin in mock thought. "Perhaps Mipsy could serve a drink to Potter from me." Hermione finally seemed to find her tongue. "Y-You...tricked me!", she stammered angrily. Draco merely flashed her one of his amused smirks and tilted his head at her "Slytherin, remember?" That wretched incorrigible little ferret face! "This couldn't have been part of the bloody bargain. Fred and George would never allow this to happen!" "Nuh-uh. This was pure Slytherin tactic mixed with a large dose of Gryffindor foolishness." Hermione instantly reached into her wand pocket to Avada his sorry arse off. She was in for another shock, if that was possible. "To seal the deal" Draco blew over his nails, clearly taking his own sweet time in harassing her. "I have picketed your wand whilst you were mingling tongues with me" Hermione let out a disgusted cry. "You horrid piece of shit !", she spat at him "Language Granger. You can have it after Slytherin wins. I've already cast a spell on you so you will keep your mouth shut around your house mates." The git knew wandless magic?! Hermione suddenly wondered why she ever found him attractive in the first place. "You didn't..." she all but growled at him. "Matter of fact I just did. Also..." he leaned in again and Hermione felt extremely disgusted with herself for feeling shudders travel down the back of her neck. "I'll be in a jolly mood after the match. We could resume our snog session then." That was basically the last straw. The next thing that happened was really so very expected. Her cheeks had reddened to match her House colors the whole time and as soon as he stopped talking, she turned, rushed to the door, swung it open and ran out, without another glance backwards. He had anticipated this sort of thing so he had gone and done a favor for her by unlocking the door wandlessly. Draco stood there for a while, recounting her flushed cheeks repeatedly until he was sure it was engraved into his mind. Then without further thought, he turned on his feet, resumed his merry humming and lazily walked back to his shower. He had a match to get ready for after all. And then later, he would corner that little know-it-all Gryffindor again. He swore to Merlin he'd finish what he had started. Maybe thank the Weasley Twins first. Oh no that could probably wait. He hoped he could coerce her into blushing for him again. He missed those red cheeks already. R & R. Also, sequel to this story will be out. With lemons. Soon:) Stay tuned...