back to you and paid himself. "Draco, you don't have to-" "It's okay. This time's on me, (Y/N)." You blushed but accepted. It was a nice day. The snow softly fell and their air was crisp and fresh. After the Butterbeer, you two strolled to a clearing, and sat down on a rock. Leaning on Draco, you watched the snowfall. It was calm and peaceful, and you started to wish that everyday was like this. You peeked at the blonde-he was enjoying the snowfall. You suddenly noticed how cute and attractive he was. His hair fluttered in the wind and his grey eyes reminded you of ice, but warm at the same time. He seemed deep in thought, and you didn't want to disturb him, so you resumed watching the snow. Draco's POV I want this to last forever-(Y/N) leaning on me, trusting me. She is so cute-even when she is angry… The (E/C) eyes of her's is a place that I always get lost in. Am I wrong for liking a Muggle-born? What would Father think? Her skin is so soft, I just want to feel those lips with my own… Your POV Draco shifted and turned to you. "(Y/N), I am sorry for calling you a… Mudblood-" You reached up and pulled him down, and the rest of his words were lost against her mouth. He kissed you gently, carefully, at first, but then deepened it. It was passionate. It sent shivers through your body. He slipped his tongue into your lips, and you allowed. His hands slipped down your sides to rest on your hips as he drew you in. Your heart beat rapidly as your hand slipped into his blond hair. Neither of you noticed the snowflakes melting like tears on your burning skin. The air that swirled around you was chilly, but you felt warm. Suddenly, Harry, Hermione, and Ron appeared-this time, out of thin air. You and Draco quickly broke apart. "Seriously, Harry?" You groaned. "You have been using the invisibility cloak this entire time?" "Malfoy, I-I can believ-" he sputtered, red in the face. Ron looked seriously worried now. "(Y/N), you were snogging in the middle of Hogsmeade!" "She was snogging Malfoy," Harry spat into the snow, "It could have been anyone, but it just had to be Malfoy!" "I can't believe that you would follow me out here and spy on me, Potter!" You glared at your 'friend,' tears glistening in your eyes. "This is Malfoy that we are talking about," Harry persisted "He could be working for Voldemort!" You've had enough. Tears streamed down your cheeks and you sprinted away to the secret passage way in Honeydukes. Someone called after you, but you don't stop. You don't care. You didn't want to talk to anyone. You just wanted to be alone. You hated not being trusted by your own friends, You like Draco, but your friends don't even care. Draco's POV "Lay off (Y/N), Potter!" I yelled. "Why do you distrust her so much? I understand that you hate me, but why drag (Y/N) into this?" I stood face to face with Potter, our noses nearly touching. "(Y/N) does not deserve to be friends with a stinking git like you." I hissed, shaking with anger. I sent one last glare at the boy-who-lived, then went in the direction (Y/N) disappeared to. "(Y/N)!" Your POV It was past curfew, but you laid i=on the roof of the astronomy tower. Your tears had dried, but your heart felt that it had been shattered into a million pieces. You finally had the chance to read the note from earlier. Dear Miss (Y/L/N), If you haven't already heard, your father accidentally killed your mother, and fled after he realized. It was discovered that he is a Death Eater, and might be a close servant of Voldemort's. Your mother has left you with her Gringotts vault as well as your house. The note that you received was something that she was going to send before your parents got into a fight. I am deeply sorry for the news, but the good news is that your mother has been awarded with an Order of Merlin, third class. -Kingsley Shacklebolt Tears start to fall again as you reread the letter. It seemed as if the world was falling apart. First, your friends are gone, now even your family was destroyed. You curled up into a ball and sobbed. The air was cold, but you don't feel anything-you only feel the numbness from the eternal pain that the news of your parents brought you. Suddenly, the dizzy height of the tower looked inviting. Maybe the pain would end if you just- "(Y/N)!" Someone grabbed your arm. You didn't need to look. You knew who it was. Tears streamed down your face. The pain was unbearable. You just wanted to give up. "You can't give up, (Y/N)." "Why not," you say without looking up. "My family is gone, and I don't have any friends." "Because… because I love you." You crumpled to the ground, and Draco finally loosened his grip on you. He enveloped you in an embrace, and leaned in. His lips are soft, and the warm feeling that was now spreading through you slowly mended your shattered heart. You felt whole and secure with Draco. It was light and unforcing, yet passionate. The warmth brought you back to reality, and you felt that nothing could hold you back-no sorrows, no bitterness-you felt free. You snuggled into Draco's chest, then slowly drifted off to sleep. You woke up in your bed. The sunlight spilled into your room and you looked around in confusion. How did I get here? "Draco?" You called. The blonde immediately appeared in your room. "Thank you for stopping me last night." "I saw the note from the Ministry," He came over and sat down besides you. "You can come over to my place during breaks… if you want." You smiled with bittersweet. "Thanks, Dragon boy."