from the pale light of the window, her head was still stuffed with cotton but now she could very easily identify voices, names, colours, smells. James and Skylet, they were standing by the door of their room — if she was looking at the large window that meant on the opposite side was the door. "He's making me anxious, Sky." "Did you tell Remus?" "He can't come." Skylet sighed at this. "But we'll get a few guests for sure." "Go choke food down Sirius' throat," Skylet said. "Hit him with a rolled piece of newspaper." "Rude." But James left. Skylet's light steps walked further into the room and Anne Marie opened her eyes, Skylet was crouching to be eye-level and smiled upon seeing Anne awake. "Hello, Annie," Skylet whispered, tears framed her pretty blue eyes. There were faint dark rings underneath those eyes like if she hadn't slept for a few nights. Skylet's hands were cool on the palms, cold on the fingers, the white nail polish was cracked. The ginger curls fell from a pinned up bun. Skylet smoothed the side of Anne's face that wasn't sinking on the mattress. "Hey, Sky." "What hurts, Sweetie?" "Nothing.. I'm just queasy. How did I get here?" "You got here last night around eight, completely passed out.. and you looked.. " Skylet's voice cracked, she bit her lip and looked away regaining composure before speaking once more. "James and Sirius showed up at the door while I.. I fed the fucking cat.. and you were.. on Sirius' arms looking dead.. " "I felt dead," Anne whispered but then smiled. "You healed me?" "Me, James and Sirius.. mostly me and James." "How did he get me out?" Anne Marie asked, new thoughts and questions suddenly making her mind race. "Dorcas, Sky, they killed Dorcas.. Oh, who will tell Jake? They've got Benjy too and I don't know if he— Did James and Sirius find me on their own accord? Is the Order unaware of this?" "The Order is well aware," Skylet interrupted gently. Her small hand cupping Anne's face to shush her. "Caradoc, Fabian and Gideon came back with the news of your capture — along with Dorcas' and Benjy's —, no one knew where you had been taken until yesterday morning.. " Skylet sat down on the floor retreating her hands to her lap. "Sirius was desperate.. I— I was too.. I don't know— I don't know what would have happened if Remus or Jake Meadowes had been at the meeting.. Me and Sirius created enough fuss to last a while.. " Remus had a mission that involved other werewolves, Anne remembered, that's why he couldn't come. "James forbade me from going.. He got pretty scary so I stayed here waiting like a damn dog.. He and Sirius set off with Caradoc, Fabian, Gideon and Padmore. You were in Finchley, Anne, but far from your old home.. James told me everything, he said the place stank like a bar or a prostitu—" "Anne?" Same voice. Same name. Same tone of hope. Skylet stood up smoothing her pajamas. "She looks perfectly fine," Sky said to Sirius. "But if you want to ask her yourself I'll go downstairs with James." "Yes, Doll. Thanks." Skylet walked from Anne's field of view and out of the room, closing the door behind her. New steps, heavier than Sky's, walked to stand in front of Anne Marie. Sirius crouched and then sat with a look full of worry. Like Skylet he was sleep deprived, a stubble appearing on his chin. The hair was a mess, his eyes glossed and puffy red like if he had a horrible hangover. Anne Marie smelled the cigarette on his breath. "You stink," she said as greeting and Sirius pulled the corner of his mouth in a chuckle that never came. "You are alive." "I believe so." Anne Marie licked her lips again with the tip of her tongue. "Thank you, Sirius.. I dare say I've never loved you this much." Now he did chuckle, a mere breath. The back of his fingers traced her cheek and for some reason Anne Marie felt tears appear on the corner of her eyes. Sirius never stopped touching her face and cleaned the tears before they could spill — at least he cleaned the ones of the eye facing up. "They almost killed you." "You arrived just in time." "Who did this to you, Love?" "Sirius.. I want them dead as much as you do.. But not now, I want to be there when you eat important part of their anatomy. As Padfoot, of course, if not that might cause some polemic." "Funny," he joked. Anne smiled, "I try to be." "Two days after you were gone I tried to accept that you were dead," Sirius muttered. His calloused fingers were now tracing on every visible feature on her face, removing any lock of hair that covered some mole or freckle. "Skylet became my drinking partner by the end of day three, God, she looked terrible. She was taking it as equally bad or worse, Marie. Your death would have destroyed her. We just kept looking without a moment to— You had to be found, Marie. In the morning I could wake up nodding and telling myself you might be gone for good, but as the day went on—" Sirius breathed a chuckle, Anne saw the tears on his eyes. "I was desperate, Love. I didn't want.. You.. and me.. to be— West has been dead for how long? A year? Two? And is Remus— That wasn't going to happen to me. I needed to find you, I was going to find you. I found you." "What.. " Anne Marie swallowed hard. "What did I ever do.. to deserve you?" Sirius breathed a chuckle again and said, "Yeah. I love you too, Love." Anne smiled. A/N: All credit to J.K Rowling. This belongs to the Marauder-verse me and my sister, Louise, own. Skylet is her character.