"On the night that Voldemort attacked your parents and you, we are still not sure of everything that exactly happened. Obviously his plans for that night went horribly awry. Ever since I found out about your dreams and visions, as well as the pain in your scar, I have had an idea what may be happening..." Dumbledore paused for a few moments and Harry gave him a hard look. "…I believe on the night of the attack that Voldemort created an unintentional horcrux. That scar of yours is not normal. I know that no potions or healing spells have been able to heal it. I believe your scar is a horcrux." Harry stared in disbelief for a long moment. The room became blurry and he felt disconnected from reality. It was a horrible realization. Of course, this was all theory and conjecture. Still, it made horrible sense. How else would he be connected to Voldemort? Still, he didn't seem to be possessed like Ginny. There weren't any times when he couldn't remember what he had done. Maybe the soul piece was waiting? Would it suddenly come alive and cause him to do something horrible? The thought finally brought Harry back to the present as he doubled over and retched. Once he finished, he found Dumbledore standing to the side of his chair. The headmaster vanished the mess and placed a hand on Harry's shoulder. "Now you can see why I waited to tell you. I want you to know that every free moment I have had, I've spent researching a solution for you." "How do we destroy it? I stabbed the diary with a basilisk fang. What other ways can a horcrux be destroyed?" "Unfortunately only a couple of kinds of magical poison and magical fire can destroy a horcrux Harry. They were never meant to be made from people or animals." "So I'm possessed? I'm dangerous?" "No! Trust me, I've asked myself this and I don't feel you are. As much as I care about you Harry, I wouldn't risk the other students if I thought otherwise. Remember, you are an unintentional horcrux. The ritual was not completed properly. This means the soul shard is not complete and cannot function the same as a typical horcrux. That combined with your strong magical core make you quite safe. I theorize that if we could remove the horcrux, your core would be even stronger once it is unfettered. That is why I continue my research." Harry nodded, absorbing everything. It was more than he ever dreamed. He still felt a bit sick, but somewhat reassured that he wasn't suddenly going to go rogue among his friends. Thinking of his friends, he thought about his new girlfriend. Speaking of research, Hermione was the research queen. She would want to know about the meeting. She could definitely help, but did he dare tell her anything? Maybe some of it? No, if he was going to tell her anything, he would have to tell her everything. She would know if he held back. He was scared what she would think. He realized though that she had stood by him through everything so far and knew she wouldn't abandon him now. If anything, she would make lists and start tackling the problem head on. Thinking about how his girlfriend would organize the problem, a small smile quirked his lips. "Professor Dumbledore, I know you are worried about security, but I need to tell Hermione. I know you are ready to tell me no, but she is my best friend and now my girlfriend. She hasn't backed down from anything yet. You need help with the research and she is the best at that. You are too busy to devote enough time to it. I also know that she will be happy to take the Occlumency training. I mean this is the woman who used a time turner last year so she could take every elective. I can't do this on my own sir. I need her." Dumbledore analyzed Harry for a few long moments, seeing the determination on his face, before giving a bare nod. "Alright Harry, you can tell Miss Granger, but no one else. Not even Mister Weasley. Speaking of Miss Granger, I believe she has some additional news to tell you. Good news for a change, but I will let her relay that. Oh, please have her come to me when she is ready. I have some books that may be of assistance. And one other thing, when you turn fifteen this summer, you need to go to Gringotts. They'll probably send a notice, but that's your advance warning. Now, any more questions?" "Not for now. Maybe later." "Of course. I will be on the continent for three weeks at the start of summer. ICW business. We cannot discuss this via owl, but after that you can owl me and I can come visit in person if you have something to discuss. Now, Charms class is over and I believe Miss Granger is free until lunch. I will let you go talk to her." Harry distractedly thanked the headmaster and left the office with his head spinning. He headed downstairs and found Hermione on her way from Charms to the library. She lit up when she saw him and gave him an enthusiastic hug, only to pull back when she saw the look of concern on his face. "The headmaster had a lot to tell me and we need to talk Hermione. Somewhere alone." Hermione nodded and led him down a side hallway. A quick alohomora opened an unused room and they found themselves in an abandoned office. Hermione pulled a dust cover off a small sofa and sat down. When Harry cast a privacy charm, her face grew grim. Then he turned and took her hands in his. "Hermione, you know how I feel about you. I've just had a barrage of information and I have a lot to tell you…"