been tough, I mean they're bound to be given everything we've been through, but surely-" "Ronald stop," She sobbed the words out before sniffing and grasping his wrist to move his hand back down. "We both know that everything these past few months, the drama, the pain, it's been what's kept us together – wanting to hold on to some sense of familiarity in all this madness. But the infatuation, it can all only last so long and-" "Maybe it was like that for you, but for me it was real Hermione!" Ron blurted out, his own eyes now finally beginning to water and his cheeks colouring. "You're welcome to tell me that for you it's been because of the War and for you it's been to keep stuff normal and for you it was 'infatuation' but don't you try and tell me what I feel!" Tears now made tracks down his own cheeks though his voice remained steady as he grabbed her left hand and shoved it under her nose, holding it up so the ring was right in her face. "You think I would've given you this if I thought this was a passing thing? I love you, Hermione Jean Granger…" He dropped her hand then and took a step back, looking her up and down before shaking his head as though he didn't recognise her anymore. "…I really thought you loved me too." Hermione could pinpoint the exact moment that his grief turned to anger, the soft pain his eyes hardening before he backed out of the kitchen and stormed up the stairs toward the bedroom. She ran after him, her own sobs filling the house as she followed and saw him grab a suitcase before beginning to heatedly gather some of his things from round the room, slamming open the cupboard door. She moved forward trying to protest: "Ron stop, you don't have to do this, I can lea-" "No!" He bellowed in her face now. "No, I don't want to be here, I don't want to be anywhere near anything that reminds me of you and your lies!" Hermione shook her head, managing to whimper out: "What lies?" "Every time you looked me in the eyes and told me you loved me was clearly a lie, now wasn't it?" Ron's voice now had a venom behind it and there was a dangerous fire in his eyes. "So was all this buying a home together, building a marriage together, building a life together, all of it was just total bollocks, just a game for you, right Hermione? 'Let's play house with Ron for a bit to soothe our own heart without giving a shit about his!'" At last the bitterness faltered and his voice cracked as hot, fresh tears came once more. He turned away from her with a pained expression clearly unable to look at her anymore and Hermione felt as though a dagger of guilt had been plunged into her heart. "It was never like that Ron," She whispered, reaching out a hand as though to touch his shoulder in comfort. "I never set out to hurt you." He flinched away from her touch as though she'd jabbed him with a hot poker. "Just leave me to pack in peace." He muttered. Hermione sighed and moved away from the boy to the exit, noting he didn't move a muscle as she did so. She was just about to walk out the door before she caught sight of a glimmer from the corner of her left eye. Once again moving slowly into the room whilst slowly slipping the ring off her finger, she placed the jewellery within his range of sight on the duvet of the bed and then backed off. As she heard him reach out and stuff the object in his pocket before beginning to aggressively pack once again, she called softly over her shoulder: "I'm sorry". After waiting through a minute of silence and complete still for an answer she finally accepted he would not give a reply and headed downstairs, settling herself on a chair in the living room with a view of the front door to wait. An hour later Ron came stomping down the stairs and almost didn't notice he was being watched by sad, light brown eyes. He paused with the front door partially open and the part of him inside, the part that no matter what she'd done couldn't help but love Hermione Granger, the part that knew her as his best friend no matter what, begged him to go to her and envelop her in his embrace. But the rest of Ronald Weasley was in such intense pain at her rejection, at her assuming he'd realised the relationship was slipping from his grasp, at the fact that he wasn't enough for her… "I'll be at the Burrow," He spat. "And that's not an invitation." And with a slam he was gone. The only real boyfriend Hermione had ever had was gone and he'd left as a broken man, heart-wrenchingly shattered by the girl he had pictured sharing his life with. The thought of it, of hurting one of her best and oldest friends quite possibly beyond repair was too much for her. At last Hermione collapsed into an inconsolable mess of tears and guilt that continued into the wee hours as she contemplated whether breaking off something that wasn't meant to be should really hurt quite so much… %%% Hi all! I've gotten really into SSxHG fanfiction at the moment and I just really want to have a go at writing one myself. So please be kind as this is my first Potter fic and reviews are what brighten every authors day so please, if you do like it, either leave a review or even just favourite/follow. I don't know how regularly I can update this cause of school and stuff but I've got loads of ideas so hopefully it'll keep flowing. Thanks for reading :)