failed him. He'd failed his brother. The sudden cry of a child brought him out of his reverie. He could hardly believe his ears. How could someone still be alive in here ? With a gargantuan effort he rose and made his way up the stairs, in the direction of the crying child… The sound came from the room at the far end of the passage. Making his way through the rubble, he entered the room at the end of the passage and took in the scene in front of him. He saw something... Something incredible… But it couldn't be – The crying child lay in the crib, the very crib that he'd helped James assemble. He reached over and scooped his godson up in his arms. Harry Potter quieted at once, and Sirius took his time looking around the room. As his gaze went to the ground, he felt another dull blow in the pit of his stomach. He fell to his knees while clutching Harry; next to the body of a young, red-haired woman… The woman whose life he'd sworn to protect… He set Harry down in his crib again and bent over the body. He turned it over and looked straight into the dead eyes of Lily Evans, another of his best friends… He broke down completely looking at her beautiful face, her dark red hair, her beautiful green eyes that looked at him vacantly… It was she who had been the bane of his existence for the first five years at school… She never saw the humour in his and James's pranks, and constantly told them off for bullying other students… How James always made a fool of himself in front of her… How she gave him a chance and began to date him in their seventh year… How they fell in love, got married, and worked for the Order of the Phoenix whilst living off James's family gold… How she had been the cleverest witch in their year, and how she was a champion dueller… How sweet a woman and how doting a mother she was… Had been , corrected the logical part of his brain… She's gone now … He couldn't believe it. The family of his best friend, whom he'd sworn to protect with his life… Gone forever. Sirius hardly had time to process anything else; his mind was numb with shock when he heard something. He had his wand out in a trice, but before he could hex the intruder, he heard heavy footsteps and saw the huge man come up to the room in which he stood. Rubeus Hagrid stood in the doorway, his eyes swollen and puffy, his body shaking with the sobs that he couldn't control. With a swift motion, he gently lifted Harry into his pudding-bowl sized hands. "There, there, little one…" he said softly, his voice hoarse. Sirius couldn't control himself. "They're dead," he croaked, "They're dead!" White and shaking, he went over to Hagrid, who looked at him with sympathy mixed with sadness in his otherwise warm, beetle-black gaze. "Give Harry to me, Hagrid," said Sirius, "I'm his godfather, I'll take care of him…" "No," replied the huge man, "Dumbledore's orders. Harry will live a' his aunt n' uncles'." "Petunia's?" replied Sirius incredulously. "You're joking, right? Hagrid, she thinks we all are –" he grimaced, "freaks! She wouldn't understand…" "All the same, Dumbledore's orders, Black. Professor McGonagall will look a' them Dursleys 'omorrow… Tonight he'll stay wi'h… Wi'h me…" Sirius knew better than to protest Dumbledore's orders. "Can I just hold him, then, please?" he asked. He was in control of himself now. As he held his godson, however, he felt a new emotion: rage. Perhaps it was better that Harry wasn't going to be staying with him tonight. He had other business to take care of, business which mostly involved tracking down a former best friend. He gently handed Harry back to Hagrid. "All right… Here, Hagrid – take these," he said, and gave Hagrid his bike keys. Hagrid looked nonplussed; it was a well-known fact that Sirius loved his bike very much. As if reading his mind, Sirius continued, "I won't be needing it anymore." Hagrid accepted the keys after a pause. "Thanks, Black," said the gamekeeper, "I bes' get goin' now, Dumbledore's waitin'." Saying thus, the huge man took one last look at the dilapidated house, before making his way downstairs. About a minute later, he heard the roar of his bike, which subsequently faded away. Left alone among the bodies, Sirius knew what he had to do. He waved his wand and whispered, " Mobilicorpus! " Lily's body rose into the air behind him. He descended the stairs and walked to where James's body lay. He repeated the spell, and walked out of the house, levitating his best friends' bodies behind them, fighting the wall of tears inside of him that was threatening to break at any moment. Slowly, he made his way to the village graveyard. At that hour of the night, with no one on the street, he reached the graveyard quickly. He found the Potter family gravestones where Mr and Mrs Potter were buried, and with space present next to them, he quickly created two graves and deposited his best friends' bodies in it before sealing them shut, trying not to spend more time than absolutely necessary to do his sad task. There would be time for a funeral and a proper burial later. Sirius Black made his way out of the graveyard, his face grim and set. He didn't know why Voldemort had failed to killed the small child. He didn't know what had happened to Voldemort, his wand or his body. There would be time to answer these questions later, because at that moment, nothing else other than the traitor responsible for the deaths of Lily and James Potter mattered to Sirius Black as he strode purposefully away from the graveyard. He had a rat to kill.