Draco asks desperately, "hang on, do you even know why she's crying?" "I couldn't make out the words; just that it was something about you," Ron shrugs. "Last night, Granger got very, very drunk and made a pass at me and I turned her down because of how drunk she was. She seems to think it's because I don't want her," Draco explains slowly. Ron opens his mouth, closes it then opens it again. "Oh," He says sheepishly. "Maybe next time, get the whole story before you decide to punch me and remember, Granger is more than capable of getting her own revenge," Draco reminds him. "She is," Ron says proudly. "Great. Glad we got that sorted. Where was she, Weasley?" "Common room. Sorry I over reacted," Ron says rubbing his neck. "I'll help you find her." Ron falls into step beside Draco as they go to the eighth year common room. Draco ignores him, just like he tries to ignore the throbbing in his jaw. Weasley's punches have got harder over the years. Draco wrenches over the door to the common room. "She's just left," Harry tells him, clutching an old bit of parchment, "But I know where she went. The Astronomy Tower, because you'd never think to look for her there." "How long ago did she leave?" "Just after Ron did, but she's still there," Harry tells him confidently. "Fine, just make sure none of her other friends come throwing punches at me," Draco says, turning to leave the room as Harry starts to berate Ron for getting involved. Draco climbs the Tower in record time. He hasn't been back here since that day. His hands are shaking as he throws open the door. Hermione jumps at the noise. She looks around her as she realises the only form of escape is past him. Her face is red and puffy. "Granger, I..." "You embarrassed me," she says, taking a step towards him, "I set the whole thing up to get your attention and you just leave?" Tears filling her eyes, she avoids looking at him, her cheeks aflame. "You were drunk. Doing anything last night would have been taking advantage of you. You put me in a no-win situation," he shouts back. "You didn't want me anyway," she sniffs, folding her arms across herself. "The hard-on that still hasn't subsided entirely can prove I do want you, but I want you sober. It's flattering to neither of us that you had to take more than twenty shots to want to touch me," he sneers at her. "You think I only wanted you because I was drunk?" "That's how it felt last night," he shrugs, unable to admit that his pride was hurt. "I've spent most of today chasing you, which means you spent most of it running from me. I've been interrogated by one Weasley, punched by another, how do I know this isn't some elaborate scheme to make me look like a complete idiot for trying to talk to you." "Ron hit you?" she asks coming closer to him, fingertips brushing over the discolouration on his jaw. "And I didn't even hit him back. It's almost as if only one of us has matured," Draco replies laughing a little. Her fingers fall from his face. "I'm sorry about my friends," Hermione says quietly. Hermione starts to say something else, but catches herself before she does. She stares at him as she tries to work out how they can move past this. "Come with me. I want to show you something." She smiles, shyly. He follows her down from the Astronomy Tower, back to their dormitories, and up into her room. They don't stop to talk to anyone as they walk. "Stay here," she says, as she disappears into her bathroom. When Hermione comes out, she's wearing the dress from the night before. Now that he can see it properly, and he knows her intentions, he can see the dress was specially designed for him. Why else would Hermione Granger be wearing a dress with a silver serpent embroidered on it, concealing enough to make the dress wearable in public, but only just. As she moves closer, he can see his initials in the detailing. "It's quite some dress," Draco says focusing on the details and not how little of her it covers, here in the bright light of her room it's more obvious than it was the night before. "The girls helped me with it. You might not think it, but Pansy is incredible at clothing charms," Hermione says as her fingers began tracing the snake that only just conceals enough to make it possible to be seen in public. "What was your aim? A one-night stand or were you after something more permanent?" "Preferably the latter," she says with a shrug. "Why didn't you just ask me out?" "I tried but I could never get the words out. I panicked that we were running out of time." "Hermione, all our friends are dating each other. Did you really think we'd never see each other again once school was over?" Hermione blushes as she realises he's right. "We have exams in two weeks. The only dates I'm willing to do until then are study dates." Draco offers. "Sounds perfect," she grins, leaning into him. This kiss is different than the ones from the night before. She doesn't taste of liquor. Drunk kissing tastes bad and it's sloppy. This is better, so much better. When he pulls away and looks her over, he groans. "Any chance you could change again? There's no way I'll be able to concentrate with you wearing that. I might end up deciding I can't make it until the exams." Hermione giggles but does as he asks, she hangs up the dress carefully. Seamus is doing an end-of-school party after the last exam; Hermione knows exactly what dress she's going to wear. After all, Pansy did promise that the dress would get her laid.