rolled his black eyes on Erah — who was actually not happy with the idea of Elianna. Her eyebrows frowned, the corner of her mouth twisted betraying her smooth smile. ″ Inferno ″ a whisper from the american girl. A brief laugh came off of Riddle at her world. He was amused by the situation, he noticed the sharp grey look on him from the new Slytherin girl : irritated. He quickly shook her head, putting his charming expression on his face. ″ That is the first time I heard someone swearing in latin, moreover, a girl. ″ ″ Mister Riddle ″ she began in a formal voice becoming more smooth as soon as she speaks, ″ I'm sure you could be surprised by all the things I can do, more than swearing in latin. ″ Erah's words sounds like a warning, making Riddle smiling more charming. She didn't like his way to smile, seems like he has another expression under this one. He answered to her warning, deep and attracting voice. ″ You could be surprised too, Miss Jones. ″ And they moved, together, in silence on the library. Riddle's face doesn't change, the warning was understood, sure. Erah put a new polite smile, her eyes on the architecture of the castle : impressive. But, the library was more impressive. Hogwarts' library was amazing, ancient and full of knowledges. Erah felt like home, she let her finger running on every leather cover of books. Her grey disturbing eyes scanned every titles, every authors names. She was looking for books about black magic. But, she didn't found. Only books about herbology, astronomy or bored subjects like that. Erah searched, again : scanning every shelf with attention but, didn't find. The most interressant book she found was about non-verbal spells and a list of spells left between the pages, she kept the list. It will be probably useful later, who know ? Riddle didn't stay with her, he left her after showed the area. Fortunatly for her. The american girl didn't want to explain him why she was looking for books about black magic, she preferred make her business alone. Erah felt the prefect boy disturbing, she felt something about him who doesn't make her happy — she can't tell why but, there is a thing about him. She have to be wary about Riddle. The witch moved on another shelf, but didn't see the person and came in. She felt on the floor, losing her book about unpronounced spells, knocked out by the choc and raise her eyes on the person, unhappy. A red curly hair boy who looks her in a worried and a sorry way. He kneeled down next to her immediately. ″ I'm so sorry ! ″ Said the boy, catching her arm with a curious softness. ″ I didn't see you, I was in my mind. Are you okay ? ″ ″ I am okay ″ replied the black hair with a polite smile while he helped her to stand up. ″ I didn't see you too, I suppose it's my fault.″ ″ No, it's my fault. ″ The boy released Erah's arm and touched his neck, totally embarrassed by the situation. Erah noticed his blue striped tie, the same tie as the girls group but she was cut off her mind by the red hair. ″ I didn't see you before, you are the new Slytherin student ? ″ ″ Yes I am. ″ ″ Nice to see you, I am James. James O'Connor ″ he presented himself. ″ Prefect of Ravenclaws. ″ ″ Lewis Jones, just a student ″ James laughed at her words, and asked her. ″ Well, Lewis, you were looking for somet— ″ ″ —Quiet! ″ Yelled a high voice, from a ghost flying over them with a book under her arm. ″ I'm sorry Madame Rochambère ! ″ told the red hair with a smile to the ghost. ″ We're leaving immediately, excused us. ″ ″ The Headmaster will heard about this, Mister O'Connor ″ sniffed highly the ghost. James didn't wait the ghost to leave them. He quickly moved, annoyed by the Madame, on the exit of the library. Erah followed him, without choice, her wrist grabbed by James. They left under the dark look of Madame Rochambère. And once out, James sighed and explained to Erah. ″ Madame Rochambère is the head of the library, she doesn't like anyone. ″ ″ She knew you ? ″ ″ Well, I spend my last year in the library, working about charms. I'm so much bad in this class, he sighed for himself and shook his head. I think I shou—″ Interrupted by his name calling in the back of the corridor by other boy, James turned his head, eyebrow frowned. Ravenclaws students too. He didn't understand immediately, then realized something quickly. ″ Astronomy ! I missed it ! ″ He touched his neck in embarassment and said to Erah. ″ I'm sorry to leave you here, Lewis. I totally forget Astronomy option ! See you soon ?″ ″ See you soon, James. ″ His eyes felt on Erah's ones, like attracted by the grey disturbing look. She smiled him, before he left her, walking on the direction of the boy who were waiting him. The american girl was left alone in the corridors, in the enter of the library : what do you think she did ? She came in the library, a second time, her full mind on the Restricted Section. How interesting. She would probably found books about dark magic in there, but before, all, Erah needs a note permission from a teacher. Which teacher ? Erah doesn't know, but she promised herself to have a note permission before the next month. Reviews, feedbacks, cristicism ? How do you think Riddle will react when he'll understand that Erah wants to go in the Restricted Section ? And which teacher Erah would be used for her note permission ?