Daphne sighs. "What did you talk about?" Draco persists. "I'm not telling you," she smirks. "Just... please, is she... is she melting towards me, even just a little?" He asks desperately in a low voice so no one else will hear. She turns to look at him. "The rose still exists," she shrugs. "I'm not saying anything else." "You've seen it?" He asks smiling when she nods. Hermione is watching carefully. She grins when Daphne winks at her. Everything is going according to plan. Dinner comes and goes. No gifts, no boys, they're all on the pitch. This time tomorrow it will all be over. Saturday morning dawns bright but slightly cloudy. It's perfect Quidditch conditions she thinks as she looks out the window. By the end of today, it will all be over. She heads down to breakfast alone. Daphne is waiting for her in the entrance hall surrounded by Valentine's couples. Daphne sneers at a particularly enthusiastic greeting before she spots Hermione. "If you and Draco turn into one of those couples, I will Avada you," Daphne promises making Hermione laugh. "What makes you think we'll be a couple?" Hermione asks. Daphne eyes the snitch that for once is outside her shirt. "He won't give up now he has your attention. But that's okay because you don't want him to, do you?" Daphne teases. "I admit he's attractive once and you just won't let it go," Hermione sighs as they sit down at the Gryffindor table. "Defecting?" Ron asks as he sits down opposite the girls. "Just for today," Daphne shrugs. "I'm still supporting Slytherin in the match." Harry glares at Hermione's necklace. "Still wearing that thing?" "Yep," she says simply. "Good luck today Harry. You know I'm always cheering for you." He give her a sceptical look before eating his breakfast. Hermione tries to avoid looking at Malfoy but her eyes keep drawing themselves to him. He looks confident, happy but also as if the slightest thing will make him vomit with nerves. She wonders if the happy confidence is an act. Hermione times her exit to leave as he does. They reach the doors at the same time. He sees the snitch at the hollow of her neck. "By the end of the day you'll either have my pride or my kiss," he reminds her. "I know," she says looking up at him, butterflies in her stomach, heart beating fast. She's not as good at convincing herself it's nerves anymore. Not when he's standing so close. He touches the golden ball making it come to life. She feels the wings beat against her skin. He looks in her eyes, his now alight. "I'll give you another one soon," Draco smirks before swaggering out of the Hall. Daphne grabs her arm moving her towards the stands. Hermione's glad the Gryffindor team left early and missed that display. The two girls sit at the front of the Gryffindor stand as fourteen players shoot off into the air. Daphne clasps their hands together. Hermione grips it tight. She doesn't follow the chasers, the keepers, beaters or the score. Hermione's eyes stay fixed on the two boys flying close to each other. She can see words exchanged between them. The wind carries them away but she knows. Draco moves first. Head whipping around as he sees a glint out of the corner of his eye. Harry is half a second behind him. They swoop and dive in pursuit of the small golden ball streaking through the sky. A sharp turn gives Harry an advantage that brings them neck and neck. Hermione is on her feet. Her heart stops as they both reach for the ball. This is it. The moment of truth. She has no breath for the name that forms on her lips. It come out a whisper only Daphne hears. "Draco." Before she can comprehend her own hopes, it's over. He lifts his hand golden ball held tight. He did it. He won. Draco Malfoy caught the snitch. A brief silence fills the stadium before roars emerge from Slytherin. Everyone turns to look at Hermione as Draco speeds towards her. They all back away giving him space to land beside her. He looks elated as the ball continues to beat in his hand. A glance out of the corner of her eye shows Harry hovering. She fixes her eyes on the wizard in front of her. He stops close. "I won," he says simply. "I know. Looks like we have a date tonight," she shrugs. "Guess it's not the worse thing in the world." "Something else first though," he reminds her. "That's right. I have to kiss you, don't I?" She says carefully. He nods leaning forward before tilting his head away offering her his cheek. She hadn't expected this. She hesitates. She's... disappointed. Decision made she moves forward pressing her lips to his cheek. As he starts to move away, his head turns to look at her, she pushes forward again pressing their lips together. Draco stiffens in surprise before he wraps his arms around her pulling her in tighter. After a few moments she pulls away from their kiss. He lets her go. She's breathing hard when she takes a step back. Silence surrounds them. She'd fulfilled the terms of the bet with the kiss on the cheek. The second wasn't required. She knows it. He knows it. Everyone watching knows it. Hermione Granger kissed Draco Malfoy because she wanted to. He's smiling. His real smile. "For you," he says holding out the snitch. "Told you I'd get it for you." He winks making her laugh as she takes it. She turns to look at Harry. He just shrugs not surprised. Malfoy remounts his broom holding a hand out to her. She climbs on in front of him. He grips her tight before flying them away. Determined to never let her go. If either of them thinks to look at it, the rose has fully bloomed.