flames of the fire as he cocks an eyebrow. "You made Professor Snape make a face Luna? That's impressive. I didn't know the man had a face other than condescending." Luna picks at the cushion of the couch that she sits on with Ginny. "I only smiled. Perhaps Professor Snape is not used to people smiling at him." "Luna, your smile practically took up your entire face. It wasn't just a smile. And his waste basket is full with Luna's apples, Harry! The poor man doesn't know what to make of it!" Ginny is mirthful in her amusement. Luna is bemused. She didn't mean to frighten her professor. "Well, Luna is known to be very persistent when she wants to make a friend. Isn't that right Luna?" Luna looks up and finally meets Harry's eyes. She gives him a light smile. Harry smiles back, and although it is difficult to make out facial expressions through the forever leaping flames, she can tell that it is drawn and tired. He looks pale and his hair is sticking up as if he were struck by lightning. His green eyes are dull. Luna is concerned. He had mentioned earlier that the auror training has been intensive. That he has long nights and few breaks. Luna suspects something more is going on, however, because Harry looks like the war never ended. He looks like he never stopped fighting. Luna suddenly feels a chill in the warm Gryffindor common room. She shivers. "When will you visit me?" Ginny asks, pleads. Harry sighs. "You know that I haven't the slightest idea Ginny." "I know, but I—I miss you." Luna has never heard Ginny so open, so fragile. Harry falters. "Tell you what, I promise to come to the burrow for Christmas." Christmas seems a long time away but Luna sees Ginny smile and she knows that for her friend, this promise is enough. It is enough because it shows that Harry Potter is still very much in love with Ginny Weasley. Ginny loves him too. Luna knows nothing of love, apart from the platonic sense. There was a time when Luna thought she loved Neville, and when she thought Neville loved her too. But then Neville had run up to Hannah Abbot after he killed the snake. At first Luna was stung. She has always wanted a person of her very own. She has always wanted someone to travel with, to write on and search for fantastic beasts with, and to share in her adventures. She has always wanted someone to hold at night, to whisper secrets to. She had wanted this person to be Neville; Neville with his brown hair and gangly limbs and awkward manner. But Neville was not hers to have. She realized this when she saw Neville kiss Hannah Abbot. He kissed her passionately at the Hogwarts entrance as bricks fell from the sky like rain. Neville would never kiss Luna like that, not in a million years. Luna knows nothing of love. "Luna?" Luna has pulled a chunk of stuffing from the couch, "Luna did you hear Harry?" Luna looks up and blinks once, twice. She notices that the fire is much lower than before and that Harry is gone. Ginny sighs. "Off catching creatures again are we?" This is what Ginny calls Luna's day dreaming; 'off catching creatures.' "One was particularly loud and had red hair" Luna replies with a twinkle in her eyes and Ginny smacks her arm playfully. They laugh until the laugher dies out. Then Ginny becomes serious. "Harry was telling us to be careful Luna. He said there's still extremists out there and they're picking off the death eaters that betrayed you-know-who's cause. He said . . ." Ginny pauses. "What did he say Ginny?" "They murdered Narcissa Malfoy, Luna. The Order found her dead this morning." The smell permeates the air and Snape wants to purge his senses. He believes it must smell of home cooking, but his mother never cooked a damn thing in his life so how was he to know? He wants to throw whatever the fuck it is that's making his potions classroom smell homey out the God damn window. He wants to breathe it in. The smell is coming from Miss. Lovegood's desk and this, in a very small sense, frightens him. What in damnation was the twit up to now? When he found no apple on his desk this morning he thought the silly girl had given up. Self-note: stop underestimating blond girls with blue eyes and a penchant for madness. He tries to ignore the stench, dear Merlin does he try, but its driving him up the wall. He attempts to lecture on the different fumes the current potion will emit if brewed incorrectly, but his mind continues to drift to the smell and he trips over words. His dungeons should never, ever , smell of biscuits. Finally he gives up, and shouts in mid-sentence "What, in Merlin's name, is that STENCH?" The entire body of students jump in their seats, all but Miss. Lovegood that is. She does not even flinch. Instead she stands from her chair, slowly, daintily, and procures from the bottom of her school bag what looks to be a pie. Snape's stomach drops because Miss. Lovegood is now making her way to the front of the classroom. She glides towards Snape, and holds the pie out as if she expects him to take it. It is a chicken pot pie. It smells divine. Severus Snape makes no indication that he thinks Luna Lovegood's pie smells divine. Instead he chooses to curl his lip, he chooses to look down at her as if she is the most loathsome thing in the world. "Are you daft? Take your detestable dinner elsewhere." Without a pause, without a stutter she replies. "This is for you Professor." It is as he suspected and yet he is still surprised. "Detention Miss. Lovegood." Because, honestly, what else could he say?