ground, and the birds that were in the rocks behind Harry fluttered their wings and flew north. "What in the bloody hell are you doing here boy!? Is been almost a year since you took the house from us, didn't you had enough!?" Uncle Vernon's eyes narrowed, and the door slammed in Harry's face. "That went well." Harry smiled to himself and walked away. He stopped at the edge of the small rock with his hands in his pockets, and looked at the sun raising from the ocean. The breeze blew against his face, causing his eyes to shrivel. Could it be worth staying? he asked himself. Part of him really wanted to leave and never comeback, but what was this filling of guilt? His very being hurted him. His thoughts were a jungle. "Hey, boy ..." Vernon's voice stings his ears again. Turning, he saw Petunia and Dudley behind Vernon. "Is it true ... that those freaks are not hunting us anymore?" Asked Petunia between phrases. "No." Said Harry. "What about the house, boy... I can not continue paying monthly for this old rock." "There is no house. It was destroyed by Voldemort." "Oh God, I need to sit down ..." "The Ministry of Magic will take care of everything, and in a few days you will receive a letter about the state of the house." "You little demon, you should be the one fixing it!" Shouted Uncle Vernon trying to get up from the rocks. "Is not something I can not fix ... but I do not want to put "deadly traps" in your rooms." "You.." "Besides, I'm almost of age. I won't be coming back. I've money, a house, and a job waiting for me." "Job? What Job? Nonesense. Who would give a Job to you?" Vernon laughed. Harry smiled back at him, making Vernon drop his mocking face. "Muggles would call it, Military Police." "Hah, it was time you grow up ...I hope they finally make you learn respect, boy!" Uncle Vernon continued with his impassive and endless sermons. Harry closed his eyes, stayed in his own thoughts, ignoring the cries of his ranting Uncle. He was sure that his Aunt who made mistakes on her lifetime, just blame them on him, his Uncle did not like him at all, maybe he looked too much like James. Something Severus told him once. "I'm sorry ... I apologize for everything." Harry swallowed, leaving his uncles quietly, when was the last time he apologized? He was not quite sure. "Anyway, I'm leaving." "Wait. Will you visit us for Christmas?" Dudley finally had spoken, and he was not interupted by his parents, they stood shocked. "Sure, Dudley." Harry Potter adressed them one last time, and then the Dursleys heard it, the loud crack, he had disapparated. Harry found himself on the outskirts of the castle. Hogwarts was still under construction, but he had no doubt that regular classes would be running again in a few days. He ignored the witches and wizards around him and headed for the shores of the lake, where the white tomb rested. Upon arriving he noticed that the tomb was repaired after the events that let the Dark Lord to steal the Elder Wand. With a soft movement of his wand the tomb opened and the lid floated over it. Harry stepped closer and placed the Elder Wand beside Dumbledore's body. "I'm sorry ..." he said. Harry closed the lid with another movement of his wand and he knelt down before the grave. He placed his free hand on the grave and tears streamed down his left eye, his heartbeat had increased. "I ... I swear that as long as there is breath in my body, I will not let anything happen between the two worlds that you loved and fought to protect." Harry swallowed. "My journey has just begun, I do not know what awaits me out there, the world is bigger than a man can hold on his shoulders, but I do promise to keep them all alive with every bit of my strength... as you did for us." Harry remained silent for the rest of the day, sitting on a rock near the white tomb, gazing at the sunset behind the mountains. Harry took the decision to leave after having cleared his thoughts, he apparated in the Ministry of Magic, the magic barriers that prevented apparition inside the ministry were still destroyed since the Death Eaters seized the ministry. Harry was glad for it, otherwise, it would had been a pain to travel. He walked down the aisles of the library and without deviating, went straight to Kingsley's office. "Sir, I'm ready." Harry looked at Kingsley with a face fill with certainty. "Dumbledore was right about you, all this time. Tom Riddle did a lot of great and extraordinary things. Bad and terrible things, but daunting." Kingsley said, "You boy will do a lot more than him, I'm sure. Just like Dumbledore predicted. And unlike Tom, your deeds will go down in history." Kingsley got out of his chair, and went to Harry's side. "Come." He placed his arm over Harry's shoulders and walked with him towards the vestibule. When they left the elevator, the only thing they saw were flashes of light, "Reporting for the Daily Prophet..." Harry recognized the familiar figure, and he wished he hadn't. "Harry Potter, here you stand, almost a man..." Rita Skeeter had began her bias report, and Harry stomach revolted. "...about to join the Auror office who is not only a job for someone vastly more emotionally mature than yourself, but as someone who got the job as a reward for defeating ...you know who. Concerned?" He knew it, anything said by him would be obviously twisted backwards. It was not gonna be easy, but he was going to fight for everything he sought to protect. The next day, every single wizard in England had read the tittle of the Daily Prophet. "Auror Potter"