he wanted. Both Potter twins rolled their eyes, the boy had been overly doted upon and he would never be able to face Voldemort. The twins were drawn away from their thoughts by Madam Malkin walking up to them. "What can I help you children with?" Madam Malkin spoke to the twins sweetly. "We require robes for the first year of Hogwarts. Durable, but light. Able to be moved in. Dragonhide boots and gloves for potions." Harry started "We would also like a specific cut for Potions. Knee length outer robes with heavy duty pants underneath. All clothes in Green and Silver colors." Rose continued. "I would like mine to be with a dragon scale pattern." Harry voiced "And mine with a Phoenix feather pattern." Rose finished. "Very well. If you could both get up on a stool for measuring. If you don't mind me asking, but who might you two be?" Harry looked at Rose then sighed. Rose nodded slightly and Harry looked back at the Madam with a small smile. "My name is Harrison James Potter, but I go by Harry." Harry said catching the attention of James and Lily. "I am Annaliza Rose Potter, but I just go by Rose." Rose spoke in a soft voice. James Potter went a deep shade of scarlet that would make even Vernon Dursley jealous. He stormed over to the two children on the stools and pounded his foot. Harry and Rose, finished with their measuring stepped back and moved closer together. Rose instinctively spread her aura and created a bubble shield around her and her brother. Harry did similar and together the bright blue and gold shield mixed with Harry's aura and the shield looked like it was on fire. James moved closer, but as soon as he touched the shield he was blown back. Rose and Harry shared a look before slowly the twins reigned in their auras. "HOW DARE YOU SOIL THAT NAME! YOU ARE NO FAMILY ON MINE!" James yelled at the top of his lungs. "I'm afraid we are sir." Harry defiantly said. "Child, if you are Potters why have we never seen you around the Manor?" Lily questioned. "We have been at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardy since age four." Rose explained softly. "That's impossible!" James snapped. "It's true!" Rose cried out. James' anger hit its peak and his hand whipped out, striking Rose across the face. Rose was silent with shock as she fell into her brother's arms. Harry roared out in anger and James was launched across the shop and out the door. Daniel cried out and waddled after his father. Lily on the other hand, stood stock still and stared at the children. Rose cried silently in her brother's arms. Harry whispered to her softly and tried to calm her down. "I'm truly sorry for what my husband did, he had no right to hurt either of you." Lily apologized for her husband. "Leave us alone." Harry muttered darkly. Madam Malkin who had seen the entire thing quickly shielded the twins from Lily. Lily turned and with a single glance back left the shop. Madam Malkin moved around the twins and gently had them sit. The door chimed once again and two new people entered the store. The taller one was a severe looking blond. His hair was pulled back into a ponytail and his hand held onto a black and silver cane, the head of which was a dragon. Next to him stood a small copy with blond hair as well. The only difference was the absence of the dragon cane. "Madam Malkin we are in need of you abilities." The tall blond said haughtily to the sweet Matron. "You will wait until I'm ready for you Mr. Malfoy." Madam Malkin said sharply putting him in his place. "Harry, why don't you and Rose sit for a little, while I deal with Mr. Malfoy." "Yes, Madam Malkin." Harry murmured. Madam Malkin turned to her new customers and busied herself with taking down the order. The Malfoy's demands were quite high and it took Madam Malkin quite a while. "Harry, could you be a dear and come help me for a minute?" The Matron called. "Of course, Madam Malkin." Harry said and moved away from his silent sister. Together the Matron of the robe shop and Harry finished with the Malfoy boy. The boy looked upon Rose the entire time, a hint of concern in his silver-grey eyes. The boy was being fit for his first year robes just like Rose and Harry. As his father listed off what the boy needed the boy moved closer to Rose. His concern grew as he saw the bright red mark on her cheek from where James hit her. "Are you okay?" The boy looked down upon the raven headed girl. "Yes." Rose whispered "Who are you?" The boy asked gently. "I'm Annaliza Rose Potter. Just call me Rose." Rose spoke quietly to the blond. "Rose. I like that. I'm Draco Malfoy." The blond introduced himself. "Is that short for something?" Rose asked. "Yeah, its short for Draconis." Draco said impressed. "Dragon." Rose smiled. "I didn't know you knew Latin." Draco voiced. "We both do." Harry interrupted. "Harry. Chill, Draco is nice." Rose soothed her brother while standing up. "I know Sister. How is your cheek?" Harry asked gently touching his sister's cheek. "It's okay Harry." Rose said leaning on her brother. "You both going to Hogwarts this year?" Draco questioned. "Yeah, we'll see you on the train Draco." Rose said as Draco was called by his father too leave. "Bye guys!" Draco waved. "We will see you soon Draco." Rose whispered as Draco left. End of chapter one! I hope you enjoyed this and if you want me to continue just let me know! Any ideas are welcome, though they may not get put into use. If I get multiple good ideas then I might poll you guys to see what you think!