happen. And so, when Regulus Black felt a tiny tingle and shrug it off, it was normal. Regulus crept back into his room, too tired to notice anything different. Too tired to notice the differently place furniture. Too tired to notice his mother's portrait, when he had just seen her a couple of hours ago. Too tired to notice that when he had climbed into bed there was another person already there. Harry was busy staring at the ceiling in Number 12 Grimmauld Place. He just couldn't go to bed. Not after what happened. Cedric Diggory was dead. And when he said that Voldemort had returned , no one had really believed. Sure Dumbledore and his friends along with his sister did. But everyone else? They just stood there and tried to calm him down. He could easily see it now. Harry Potter, a raving lunatic he thought as he imagined the Daily Prophet's heading. He could see that his holiday would be troubled, but nothing would stop him from enjoying it. He and his sister immediately set for Number 12 Grimmauld Place, after they had gotten out from the station. Mrs Weasley had kindly shrunk their trunks. And so, he was here spending his holiday with Sirius and that was all because of his sister, Calla. She spent the last few days of her 4th year arguing with Dumbledore and he gave in. Calla Lily Potter was stubborn as her father, some would say. Dumbledore did anyway. His sister, with the auburn hair and green eyes, was her own person . And he was his own person. Harry stopped thinking once he heard footsteps outside his room. It was light and uneven. He heard the door handle turn and Harry held his breath. Slowly the door opened and a figure entered the room. It was dark and so Harry couldn't see. But even then, he didn't dare to release his breath and he knew there was only a short amount of time before he had to take another breath. Then the intruder walked towards him and climbed onto the bed. WHAT THE ACTUAL BLOODY FUCK? Harry mentally screamed. He had not expected this at all. No, he most definitely did not anticipate a total stranger climbing into his bed, it was the last thing he had expected! Harry could not his breathe any longer and pushed the intruder off his bed. He had initially thought it would be his sister, but she was a lot smaller, so she was crossed off. Sirius was too big and Harry was pretty sure he was helping Remus with his transformation, so he was also crossed off. So, who did that leave? Unfortunately for him, the intruder then yawned out, "What the actual hell?" Harry then felt a tiny bit confused. This person had sounded like he was not doing anything wrong. Surely, he wasn't mentally damaged after he had pushed him to the floor? "Um, you're like intruding in my room?" Regulus Black was not amused. He was sleeping until he was suddenly pushed off his bed by some sort of force. It had hurt. A lot. His mood got a lot more worse until he heard "Um, you're like intruding in my room?" Regulus mentally scoffed. It was his room. It was unfortunate that he couldn't see the figure because then he would be able to at least have an image of the intruder so he would be able to sue the intruder for trespassing and possibly also harming him, the Heir to the Black fortune, as the fall did actually hurt a lot, he was sure there was bruise somewhere. Regulus stood up slowly and went to turn the lights on. He saw a boy looking like… Potter. James Potter. Regulus growled at him," Potter, what are you doing here?" Harry looked confused and then retorted, " You mean what are you doing here?" "Has arrogance actually gone to your head, tell me did my brother send you here? "Regulus growled. He had no time for pleasantries with someone like Potter and had gone straight to the point. How was Potter here? How could the wards have let him in? Regulus thought. Harry had no idea what was going in. His intruder was acting as though he was the intruder. Perhaps he is a tiny bit insane he thought." Mate, I have no idea what you're going on about." "Don't 'mate' me. I am not your friend. And don't bother lying. I know you." "That sounds weird now." Regulus felt his temper rise. He was getting nowhere and to him Potter was playing dumb. He hated how he would lose his temper so easily when it came to Sirius and his gang of friends. He hated James Potter. 'My brother in all but blood' Sirius would claim. Regulus hated it with all his might. "Get the hell out of my house before I call the Aurors." Regulus said bluntly. Sometimes it was better to be blunt and on point than be vague. Harry Potter was now fully sure-no, confident that the boy with grey eyes and black hair was insane. Perhaps, he should play offensive. He was not in the mood to be in a fight, especially when he was being accused of something, he hadn't even done! Sirius had willing allowed him into his home and here he was, being told to get out. "Actually you should get out. I'm pretty sure trespassing into an ancestral home is a heavy charge. And you are intruding in my home," a voice informed coolly. Harry saw his sister standing by the door side with arms crossed. "Calla," breathed Harry in relief Regulus noticing the petite girl, argued, "Last time I checked this was the Black Family Home, not some savage's home." He never saw the metallic saucepan coming towards his head. As Regulus Black fell, his only thoughts were: ' Great. Just wonderful. I knew today was going to be shit.'