future here. I beg you to think of not only the present but the future generation that have to live in the world we leave behind. We are the only ones who can fix this." Shacklebolt concluded. Hermione was in awe of the thought that he had put into this. This wasn't just a whim of a plan. This was thoroughly well thought out. But then again. A smart general always has a back up plan of action if the main efforts fall through and a back up plan for the back up plan. Hermione didn't know too much about Voldemort in his younger years except that his name was Tom Riddle. He opened the Chamber. He created his first Horcrux from the baskilisk murder of Myrtle and recruited his following of death eaters while attending Hogwarts. But she doesn't know anything about him as a person. "Do we still have Dumbledore's memory and his pensive?" She asked the elder wizard. He nodded tilting his head in curiosity. "Well I need to see who exactly I'm dealing with and learn as much as I can before we do this." She stated more confidently than she actually felt. He smiled widely at the witch" So that's a yes than?" Hermione nodded,"I'll do it. How long do we have?" "Two weeks. I already had my people on the inside of grab the device ages ago and hide it away at a safe house. There has already been sightings of death eaters in Diagon Alley and rumors of Potters fall has made its circuit. More people are joining them out of fear or completely leaving the country. It won't be long until they come for us. We are the last of the resistance and we are the number one targets." "I'll have the safe house set up for us to go over everything you need to know. We'll stay here tonight and head out tomorrow. I suggest you use this time to say your goodbyes. It will only be us going. It will be better with less distractions so you can absorb as much as possible." He said as he walked of to the apparation point. Hermione walked slowly back into the house. Everyone had moved to the sitting room talking in hushed tones. Looking up at Hermione's entrance Ron patted the seat next to him. She sat down and looked at the group who were waiting on her expectantly. " I have decided to do it." Molly and Ron took a deep gasp in. Everyone else started talking at the same time once again. "Listen! This isn't even a choice. There is nothing more to be done. Think of everyone we have lost, Remus, Sirius, Tonks, Fred, Dumbledore, Moody...Harry..." She started crying at the last one." They have all given their lives for this and to what end. For us to lose. For everyone of us to slowly be exterminated one by one." She took in a deep breath and steadied her voice and hardened her eyes," Well not if I can help it. That is not even an option. I am more than willing to do this for everyone. For the people I love. And for the future generations." She said adamantly. "I leave tomorrow to a safe house and will have two weeks to prepare as much as possible before I go. I want to spend my last hours just with you all, my family." She said in hushed tones. Everyone was tearing up at this point smiling and others nodding in agreement with her. "Well I think this calls for a party of epic proportions." George said from his chair. Molly hopped to attention calling Ginny and Fleur to help in the kitchen to prepare food and drinks and got the boys to work setting up an outside area for them. "Well It's probably the last time all of us will be together for awhile and hopefully if you succeed everything will be different and none of this will have happened." Charlie said taking a drink of firewhisky. The night was spent in as high of spirits as the circumstances allowed. Everyone ate and drank their fill. Laughed and talked the night away. Eventually even music was put on and they danced with each other till their feet hurt. Hermione found herself lying on the couch by the fireplace sipping back her umpteenth glass of firewhisky. " Care for some company?" Ron asked lifting her feet and setting them on his lap. "I don't know what I'm going to do without you." He said quietly rubbing her feet and ankles. "Well if I do my job correctly our timeline will change and all of this." She waved around them,"Won't even exist." Ron looked at her intensely for a few moments, "I hope so 'Mione. I'm sorry we couldn't go with you this time. But you can do this. If anyone can, it's you." They sat in silence drinking and staring at one another and the roaring fire. Hermione fell asleep enjoying the last warmth she would have for a long time. " 'Mione, time to get up." Ron gently shook her awake. "Shacklebolt is here. Waiting for you in the kitchen." Hermione sat up with one of the worse headaches of her life. Heading into the kitchen Bill passed her a potion, "For your head." He smiled. She drank it down quickly and immediately it faded away to a dull thrum and gave her a bit more energy."Thank you." She ate some food listening to everyone talk about the upcoming mission. "Miss Granger, it's time." Kingsley stood. Everyone walked them out hugging and whispering their love and good byes. Hermione walked to the apparation point with the elder wizard. He offered his arm and she grabbed hold tightly taking one last look at one of the few places she called home. Within the next blink of her eyes she was sucked into the darkness of side by side apparation.