cue, we moved forward and embraced each other in a tight embrace as we tried desperately to keep the tears in check. Which meant we were both bawling our eyes out. "I-sniff-I'm gonna miss you, you know that?" I cried as I squeezed him tight. "Me-sniffle-too-sniff." Harry choked out, though that may have been either from sadness or from the fact that I was squeezing him a bit too tightly, not that I really noticed mind you. "Real-really-sniff. I'm really gonna miss you little guy" I said increasing my grip on him as if I didn't he would float away, much to Harry's continued ire. "Pwlease Shtop" he squeaked out my grasp on him causing him to butcher his words in the most adorable way. Hearing this I quickly released him and apologized while sheepishly rubbing the back of my head. We rubbed our eyes clean though they remained bloodshot and red. Maria cleared her throat and said "All you have to do is go through that door Harry. Then this will all be over." Harry turned to face the door, and with eyes that were filled not with hesitation or fear like other children his age might've had, his were flowing with determination and anticipation of what was coming. The strides he took as he approached the door were those of a confident man who feared nothing. He grasped the handle and gave it a sharp turn. It clicked. Slowly, Harry pulled open the door. Instead of the bland waiting room there was before, there was only a bright white void. I admit to have been expecting something less cliched but I digress. Harry turned back to me and flashed me a smile. One that said "Don't worry. I'm happy now". And with that he walked through the doorway into the light. The door closed itself as We saw Harry begin to fade away, before we were left alone once more. Maria gave me a few minutes to come to terms with what had happened and the fact that Harry was gone for good and that I would soon be replacing him. After composing myself I sat back down in my chair and asked "So what now?" "Now we sort out getting you into your new body" she cheerfully stated. The sudden joy brought me out of my temporary depression if only because of how sudden it was. Handing me the file she had brought out at the beginning of the conversation marked with Harry's name she explained "This is all you need to know about Harry Potter at this point in his life. His friends, or lack thereof, his family, if you can call them that, and how you are expected to act like as him at least for the time being." "So I don't have to act like him all the time, just for like a few weeks or so?" flicking through the file, taking note of just who Harry knew, and how he behaved around them. "Exactly!" "Oh thank God!" I uttered under my breath. "No thank me! I'm the person helping you here!" She teased me. "Now one other thing I have been instructed to tell you about and I think it's something you're going to love!" "What do you mean?" I wondered "You're already letting me become Harry Potter what else do I really need?" The smirk she gave me was similar to the ones parents give their children on Christmas when they know that their presents are exactly what the children wanted and they're just waiting to see their faces when they find out. "Oh nothing much." Maria said somewhat sarcastically "Just Gamer powers, you know nothing major." For me it seemed most of what I did in this conversation was just sit there and gawk as surprise after surprise was dropped on me. This was just one more in a long line of instances that this had happened. "Wait Gamer Powers? As in stats, levels, quests? Those kind of Gamer powers?" Words could not express my disbelief at the idea. Sure I loved videogames as much as any other person, hell more than most people, but I never thought I would get to live a video game. And not even as myself either! "Yep all that good stuff. Again you can thank me. I managed to talk the higher ups into giving you this as kind of a gift for, you know, helping us fix our little Voldemort problem." Deciding not to look a gift horse in the mouth and wait for her to bite me on the nose, I chose not just keep the conversation going so as to avoid more surprises. "So is that it?" Maria put on a thinking pose complete with little humming to herself before shaking her head and replying "Nope, least I don't think so. All you need to do is kill Voldemort and his Death Munchers, and clean up the magical world a little. We don't really care how you do it or what you do in-between. It's all up to you. Part of the reason I was able to get you those Gamer powers." After her little debriefing I sat there for a few moments in awkward silence as she looked at me, again smiling that same almost creepy smile she always seemed to have. "So, um.." I started hesitantly "I guess I just go through the door like Harry did, and, um, wake up as him?" "Not exactly." Maria answered as she bent down under her desk to grab something. "Really because it looked like the door just went anywhere, why couldn't I just-" my question was cut off as I felt something heavy impact against the side of my head. As I fell to the ground and began to lose conscious the last thing I saw was Maria holding a baseball bat which she had presumably used to knock me out. "Bitch" I just got out before my world faded to black.