She has a spot that no one else knows about and we can talk uninterrupted." Ron looked livid, "Are you insane Harry?! Going with Greengrass alone? What if she does something to you and we don't know about it? We can't help you if you go alone." "You both still have your DA coins right?" They both nodded, "Then I'll call you guys with those if something happens. Even if something happens, Kreacher and Dobby can pull me out of a tight situation if need be." Ron looked like he was going to argue his point before relenting. Hermione didn't necessarily agree with using House Elves but agreed it was a sound plan nevertheless. "So Hermione, what do you think?" Harry asked her. With her being unusually quiet about the situation, it made Harry worry about what she was thinking. "I don't know Harry." Hermione said while shaking her head. "I want to believe that you can give her a chance, but at the same time Ron makes a good point. If her parents are supporters of Voldemort, it'll be hard to trust her not to anything bad against you." Harry as much as he wanted to disagree with them, he couldn't argue that they could be right about it. With the war looming its head around the corner, it's been harder to trust people. Especially since he's on every Death Eaters' hit list. "I know. I know it could be dangerous guys, but I want to give her a chance. She's been very civil with me so far and doesn't look like she has ill intentions for now. I want to at least get to know her before I even considering going past being just friends with her. Can you guys at least give her a chance?" He asked them with a pleading voice and. They both hesitated before looking at each other. They had a silent agreement with each other before looking back at Harry and gave him a reluctant consent. He breathed a sigh of relief. He was glad that his friends were more accepting of this than he thought. Ron especially would be more close minded about the subject but was surprisingly more open minded this time around. Harry went up and hugged the both of them. He noticed them tense up a bit before embracing him back. He realized that he didn't give out too many hugs to his friends. He made a mental note to do that more often. "Thanks guys, I can't ask for better friends." He said before letting both of them go to see both of them having smiles on their faces. "Now if you'll both excuse me; I have to talk to Daphne." With that said, he left the classroom with a huge smile on his face that didn't go unnoticed by his two friends, leaving both Ron and Hermione with their thoughts. "He's growing up, isn't he?" Hermione inquired before Ron nodding his head gently. "Yeah, definitely. If this works out, he deserves it, especially after with what happen with Cho." Hermione looked over at Ron, "I'm surprised you didn't want him to go with Ginny." Ron chuckled before shaking his head slowly, "Nah, I know between the two it wouldn't work out anyways. Plus, I don't think sis really got out of her fan girl Potter phase yet. I think we can all agree it wouldn't be a good relationship and Harry is as good as family even if he didn't go out with Ginny. Besides, you know how weird that be? Your best friend and sister shagging behind the bushes?" he shuddered at the thought with disdain and Hermione giggled at his reaction. "Ha, you're right. I just hope it works out. He definitely deserves some love even we can't give in his life." She remarked as a small smile was still plastered on her face. "I appreciate how mature you've become Ron. Just last year you would be going hell and back telling Harry how bad an idea this is." Ron looked at her for a moment. He looked away from her and sighed, "After the Department of Mysteries, I learned to fear my life a bit more. That really was my first experience dealing with Death Eaters, and how they can easily take my life away without batting an eye. I learned then and there that life can be short and I should live it as much as I can the way I want it. It'd be more hypocritical of me to let myself do that and not let Harry do it as well." Ron looked back at Hermione with a determined look. "That's why I let Harry do what he wants there. If he needs me or if Greengrass does something unpleasant to him, I'll be there. Otherwise, I'll let him do what he wants. It also makes him happier to know that we support him rather than us breathing down his throat." Hermione was shell-shocked at Ron's revelation. To think Ronald Weasley would be educating her on something. She gave it some thought before looking at Ron and smiled. "Well well Ronald, I guess you taught me something about how to deal with Harry. Who would've thought?" she said before sticking her tongue at him in a teasing way. "Hey, I can be smart on some things!" Ron retorted back with a blush evident on his face. "I never said you weren't Ronald. Come on, we got to get started on that Transfiguration homework. And no Ronald, I am not going to write your essay for you." She remarked as she walked toward the Gryffindor tower. Ron dipped his head in agony and letting out a groan before following her lead. A/N: I hoped you guys enjoyed! I don't know when the next update will be and I won't make any false promises so I hope you guys don't get your expectations too high with an update. Thank you everyone and please R&R!