I don't!" "Perhaps you don't know yourself as well as you think." And with those words, he ushered her to the door. "Great doing business with you, and a very interesting wand you've got there!" Back outside, Mr. Grandy immediately asked how it went, to which Rieta replied positively. "Can we see your wand, Rieta?" Bella asked. Her big sister nodded and ripped off the paper, the opened the box and showed them all. It was a pale silver, well, as silver as wood could get, and about the length of three of her fists. When McGonagall looked, her eyebrows rose to her hairline. "Is that silver lime?" she queried. Rieta nodded. "Silver lime, ten and a half inches, very flexible, unicorn tail hair core," she informed the professor. "Silver lime. Interesting. You really need to read that wandlore book you bought." "What's your wand, professor?" "Fir wood, nine and a half inches, stiff, with a dragon heartstring core." "Incredible for Transfiguration?" The professor smiled. "Did Ollivander tell you about me teaching it at Hogwarts?" "Yes. What is Transfiguration?" "A branch of magic — the name is self-explanatory. I'll be teaching you it at Hogwarts." "Cool!" Soon they were back in the Leaky Cauldron with all their purchases, preparing to leave. Rieta was talking with Tom, who had taken a break on a seat next to the green fire while his assistant ran the tavern for a while. Rieta had pulled up a chair beside him and was telling him all about her experience in Diagon Alley. In return, he told her all about what the wizarding world was like. He also explained why the fire was green — his fireplace was a main Floo Powder stop. And then he explained about Floo Powder. He told her what it had been like growing up in a wizarding family, and explained some concepts she had heard and had questions about. Then, out of the blue, a boy came tumbling from the fireplace and crashed into Rieta, knocking her and her chair over. Quickly, she tucked up and rolled when she hit the ground, smoothly getting to her feet just in front of the crash zone. She turned to see the boy standing up and staring at her. Tom, who had been getting up, sat back down again, relieved. He grinned apologetically. "Sorry about that. My brother pushed me off my feet just before I went at the other end. I was going to offer to help you up, but I can see you don't need that." He stuck out his hand. "Sirius Orion, at your service. Last names don't matter." He looked her age, so eleven, and was wearing heavy black robes with silver stitching. On his chest was a black, green and silver crest saying Toujours Pur. Rieta filed this information away for future research as it was the only clue she had to his surname, as he clearly wasn't telling her. His hair was black, shoulder length and slightly more curly than her own. Seeing her hesitation, Sirius Orion's hand drooped. "Come on, I am sorry for sending you sprawling." Rieta arched and eyebrow, but gingerely took his hand and shook it. "Forgiven, and I'm Harrietta Grandy. I must ask, though, are all wizarding methods as unrefined as the... Floo, was it?" Sirius, who was now grinning shrugged. "Muggleborn? Well, most take a bit of practice but are eventually smooth. But some can have mishaps, like with now." Suddenly out of the fire stepped a tall, composed lady who looked a lot like Sirius, except not nearly as, well, nice. Rieta instantly deduced this was his mother. Her eyes flickered immediately to her son, and then to his hand, still clasping Rieta's, and then to Rieta herself, and then to her clothes. Her white face became even whiter. "SIRIUS ORION BLACK!" she screamed. "What have I told you about consorting with mudbloods?!" The tavern went quiet, all conversation dying away into a thick silence (the only person who had noticed Sirius before this had been Tom, incredibly) and every head turned to stare at the three. Sirius's expression went from happy to scowling furiously in an instant, then it went blank. He stepped away from Rieta and fell in with his mother, who was staring contemptuously at the young girl. Tom stood up for real this time. "Madam, I must ask you to take your foul language away from this tavern," he said, respectfully but with an underlayer of anger. The woman held Tom's gaze for a moment, then snapped,"Fine." The woman spun around. "Come, Sirius," she ordered, and he walked behind her as she left for the brick wall which was the entrance to Diagon Alley, muttering about "blood traitors." Once the duo had exited, talking in the room returned, but it was more subdued than before. From behind her, Rieta, was slightly frozen, heard a soft voice say, "Come, Ms. Grandy. We're leaving." She turned to McGonagall, who had the newspaper Portkey out again. The professor spread it out on the table and one by one she and the Grandys placed hands on it. "Ten seconds," McGonagall stated. Rieta turned and waved goodbye to Tom, who raised his hand in return and smiled, a bit sadly. Then there was a sharp tug at her navel and her world spun out of control before she was dumped on the floor of her own sitting room, back at home once again. A/N: So as you can see, there's been a lot of layout change. Not so much with the content, but can you get where I'm heading? Also, the next chapter is going to skip ahead about twenty-six years... but that's a secret, so shhhh! Anyway, I'm going to be indisposed for a few weeks, but I'll do my best to write during that time and update ASAP when I'm back. Thanks for putting up with probably the worst consistent updater on FanFiction . net! As always, review! Bye!