Evans, don't be troubled. I am made of sterner stuff. As much as I would like to sit here and simply celebrate your exam results – excellent potions grade, by the way, Professor Slughorn was very impressed – I do have a reason to speak to you all, and it just so happens that the most convenient place where you will all be together is in the pub. My guess was right, and here you are.' He smiled as though this explained everything, and took a sip of his brandy. 'Yes, here we are,' prompted James cautiously. 'Yes, here you are Mr Potter. I am sure, self-assured and confident as you are, that you are aware that the five of you were very much in the top of your year, and, though I am terribly rude to admit it, my favourites at that… Help yourselves to drinks, don't be shy. Go on, Mr Pettigrew.' Remus got the impression that Professor Dumbledore was rather enjoying their confusion. Beneath the fluffy white beard, a small smile played on his lips, and he gave a quick wink when James was the first to reach for the beer. 'As it happens, such clever students such as yourselves will no doubt be aware of the tremendous challenges our society faces. You may also be aware that I have taken it upon myself to do what I can to help, and that I have gathered others who wish to help fight against those who seek to harm us. I am extending the invitation to you, should you wish to accept it.' 'Do you mean the Order of the Phoenix, Professor?' 'Indeed I do, Mr Potter. I suspect your father has mentioned it, has he? I did approach him, several times, in fact.' James nodded hesitantly. 'Yes… Only dad says he promised his own father that he would never get involved in a war if he could help it.' Dumbledore nodded. 'Quite understandable, as I have said to your father. Can I take it you share his pacifist beliefs?' James hesitated. 'Well… I never made any promises to Grandad Harry…' Remus saw him glance at Sirius out of the corner of his eye, and they both had that look , the same one that had appeared when they made the Marauders Map, or when they planned to become animagi. This could be their next big adventure; the prospect of it trembled in the air. 'Sorry, Sir,' said Lily tentatively. 'I'm afraid I'm a little confused… The Order of the Phoenix? Are… Are you saying you want us to be involved? Isn't it for Aurors and, you know…' 'Experienced wizards,' finished Peter. 'Indeed, I do have some Aurors and highly accomplished individuals under my wing. I see no reason that should prevent talented young graduates such as yourselves from joining too. Many old students have joined me straight out of Hogwarts, and you all seem well suited.' 'All of us?' said Peter, his eyes wide. 'Even me?' 'Of course, Mr Pettigrew. Your exam results were highly satisfactory too. Some self-belief is all you need.' 'Professor… What exactly would be involved?' asked Remus, who had warily spotted Sirius and James's ever increasing excitement. 'I'm still not clear on what exactly it is you want us to do.' 'What you can, my dear boy. Whatever time you can spare, whatever services you may offer. I may ask for too much at times. You may be asked to risk life and limb. You may witness and experience horrors.' They waited for the 'but'. It didn't come. 'I… I was thinking of going into Healing,' said Lily, her voice small. Dumbledore smiled widely. 'A fantastic and exciting career choice. And skills that are often needed in the Order. I will admit that the training programme at St Mungos may not offer you the time to be active in the Order itself… If this is the path you choose, I wish you the best of luck, and every happiness. You will make a fine Healer. But if you do join the Order, I believe you would gain very valuable experience shadowing one of our members, a very fine Healer herself.' She looked torn. Tempted but hesitant. They were all silent, Remus supposed that, like he, the others were hearing their parent's warnings and fears, all the logic and nervousness that should make the choice an easy 'no'. But the excitement bubbled under the surface. They were Gryffindors, after all. Had they not spent the last few years angry at the horrors they read in the newspaper? Did they not all fear for their loved ones? Would it not be satisfying, a tremendous adventure, to be revolutionaries in this fight against dark forces? 'We've heard about it,' said Sirius. 'Even talked about it. But we've noticed a lot of the members end up dead.' 'They do,' said Dumbledore heavily. 'It requires a remarkable level of bravery and belief in the cause. But what finer cause is there? Fighting against the tyranny that suffocates us. Defending against the hatred of Muggles and Muggleborns.' Remarkably, it was Lily whose face now captured the blazing determination Remus would have suspected from James. Dumbledore surveyed them all over his spectacles as he drank the last of his brandy. 'I suspect all of you have exciting careers ahead. I urge you to consider them all carefully, and consider whether you wish to be a part of the Order. Though I appreciate full time members, any time you can spare is time well spent. If you decline, I understand completely, though I cannot promise to not return and plead for your help in the future. You are, after all, very talented.' He rose, and swept a tall wizard's hat onto his head. 'If you wish to join, please do send me an owl. Goodnight to you all.' With a smile, he touched the brim of his hat and left, the sounds of the chattering pub returning abruptly in his wake.