just didn't have much of a choice. Sitting back down, Albus rested his head on the windowsill and slowly drifted off to sleep. As the train came to a stop Albus was woken by the commotion of students leaving the train as quickly as possible. However, Albus couldn't seem to make himself get up. No one was around him and he started to imagine that he could just stay on the train, ride it back to London, make his way back to his house and not go to Hogwarts this year. Shaking his head he brought himself back to reality. His parents would just send him back to school anyways. Plus he would only create more trouble for himself at school. "Runway" was not another label that he needed. Albus stood up, grabbed his bag and walked down the isle until he reached the door. Walking out, he realized that getting off the train so late was not his best idea. The carriages that took students to Hogwarts were almost all gone, and the ones that were preparing to leave all looked full. All of a sudden a shout of "Albus" reached his ears and he turned to see his little sister waving at him from a carriage a few yards away. Relief and guilt washed over him simultaneously. As much as he didn't want to ride in a carriage alone, or worse, with a bunch of strangers, he didn't wasn't to impose on his little sister and her friends either. It was too late now though, he had already started to walk over, and Lily made a seat for him in the carriage. He sat down and greeted his sister. "How was your train ride?" she asked him. Albus faked a smile and replied with a simple "fine". He looked around the carriage and nodded at its other inhabitants. He recognized two of the girls as Gryffindors in Lily year. The only one he knew by name was Abby Thomas, who was in Ravenclaw but had been best friends with Lily since they were babies. "Hello Albus" Abby greeted him. Abby had been over at their house at least a dozen times during the summer and had even gone with his family to their beach cottage for a week. "Hey Abby, how was your summer." "It was nice, a little short though. I cant believe we are already going back to Hogwarts, and as fourth years, it seems crazy." The other girls in the carriage chimed in about how weird being fourth years was going to be. The next topic of discussion turned into how hot Lawrence Zewbone had gotten over the summer. At this point Albus removed himself from the conversation and spent the rest of the trip staring out the window, watching the scenery pass by. The carriage pulled up to the castle in what seemed like record time. Albus jumped out of the carriage and held the door as the rest of the girls piled out. They all giggled and thanked him before running off after each other into the castle. Lily hung back and walked next to her brother. "Thanks for letting me sit with you guys," Albus said awkwardly. "I hope it didn't annoy your friends." Lily rolled her eyes and shoved her older brother lightly on the shoulder. "Shut up Albus." she laughed a little before continuing. "Those girls love having you around. They all think you're pretty hot." "WHAT?" Albus practically yelped. This caused his sister to laugh even harder. "Yeah, I mean, you have that whole, dark misunderstood thing going for you. Plus you are pretty good looking bro, you cant ignore it. You even grew over the summer!" "Yeah, like an inch." Albus had always been self conscious about his height. All the boys in his year, and all the boys in his family towered over him. His cousin Hugo, who was only 13 had a good couple inches on him. "Well, regardless, you are attractive Albus. Even as your sister I can realize that much." Albus just stared at his sister. Was she joking? Probably not, Lily wasn't the type to play mean jokes on Albus. He looked down at her. Lily was the good looking one. Even at fourteen she already had a mature yet sweet face. The kind of face that people just wanted to trust. Her copper hair was smoothed down and it lay on her shoulders, reminding him of his mother's. James hair was almost brown, less red, and Albus had jet black hair, like his father. Actually, many people thought Albus looked just like his father. They both had black hair and the same green eyes, even the same nose and chin apparently. Albus had heard it all before, but never had he been told that someone thought he was hot. As they approached the doors to the castle Albus decided not to think about it anymore. Even if Lily's friends did think he was cute, they weren't the ones he was trying to impress anyways. "Albus, would you like to sit next to me at dinner?" Lily grabbed his hand and looked up at him. "No, I think I'll sit with Rose. But thanks Lils." Lily stared at him, as if she could tell something was wrong. She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. "Take care of yourself Alby, and don't forget that James and I are here when you need us." Albus almost laughed at the thought of James being there for him for anything. Instead he gave her hand one last squeeze and then walked into the great hall, looking for Rose and hoping that she wouldn't be mad at him anymore, or at least take pity on him and give him a seat. First chapter of my first fic! Phew! I know its a little wordy, but I would love any advice or comments you have. Promise there will be lots of Albus/Scorpius drama later so stay tuned!