and he didn't either. "George wants to meet at Fortescue's after lunch." "Have a good time." "You're invited too, dunghead." Draco barely lifted his eyes from his paper. "Busy," he said. "Bogged down with these applications." "I can't believe you're actually doing this," Hermione snapped, ripping the paper from his hands. "Look at me in the eye and tell me you really believe you'll find someone worth marrying by reading their damned resumes." Draco stared at Hermione as he replied. "I'll find someone, all right. Someone who I've chosen, on my terms, with aspects that I find desirable. Someone who already knows what they're signing up for, hence why they've applied for this position." Hermione snorted at his ludicrousness. "No one knows what they're signing up for with you, Malfoy. You're too much of a bloody enigma. You've got just as much chance at finding love proposing to a stranger on the street than you do with choosing a girl based on a piece of paper with lies written all over it." "It's not about love, Granger," Draco said quietly. "It's about finding someone who would be most suited for me and my circumstance." "What on earth – what circumstance ?" Hermione demanded. "You." "Oh gee, thanks, Malfoy," she snapped. "I'm not some animal that needs shelter, you know." "No, you're my friend, and I'm looking after you and that is final," Draco said. After a second, he stood. "These applications are for you," he murmured, gesturing to a pile considerably larger than the one he was currently working on. "I thought that was the 'no' pile," Hermione admitted. "It is." Hermione frowned, her eyes flicking from the paper, to the floor, to Draco, and back again. Her mind was going into overdrive. "Hang on, I'm confused," Hermione said, shaking her head roughly in an attempt to clear it. "I thought you put out the ad to find yourself a wife." "I did," Draco said. "I also put one out for you." "How humiliating," Hermione mumbled. "Considerable though the response was, there are several unacceptable applicants," Draco continued, gesturing to the large pile again. "Though if you would like to double check –" "I'll take my chances with the strangers on the street," Hermione sniffed, stalking out of the room. "He was only trying to help." "It's humiliating, George. The whole of London probably saw that ad." "Not the muggles." "Not helping." "I think it's a great idea. Might put one out for myself. Though I think Angie would be a bit upset." "Can hardly understand why." "No one is good enough for you, Hermione. Every single one of these blokes is a daft blunderhead." "Maybe you should try Scotland next, I do like redheads." "Seriously? No." "Days like this make me wish I was back in my stupid cell. Harry and Ron don't have to deal with this." "Ah, yes. The pros of conviction. How you should miss the good old days." "Just saying." It wasn't the first time she had woken screaming, but it was the first time that there was someone by her side. "Shh, I'm here, you're safe. I'm here." "Draco?" "You're safe, I promise," he whispered. He was kneeling beside her bed, grasping onto her hand with both of his as though in prayer. His hands were cold around her sweaty one, but he didn't seem to mind. "I'm sorry," she mumbled. Draco rest his head on their hands. "I have them too," he admitted. "Go back to sleep." "Why aren't you sleeping too?" "My nightmares don't end when I wake up." Fuck, Hermione understood that all too well. "It's three weeks until we're supposed to announce to the ministry who we're marrying," Hermione announced at breakfast. "Like I needed a reminder," Draco grumbled. "How are the applications coming along?" "All dead ends. And running into strangers on the street?" "Haven't left the house to do so." "We're doomed then," Draco grinned. "Maybe we'll have cells next to each other in Azkaban, eh?" For that was the punishment for remaining single. Jail time. The ministry wasn't screwing around. "I'm not going back to that place, Draco," Hermione said, and she was pleased to know that in her heart, she meant it. Draco met her eyes and she didn't know what he saw there – determination, or maybe an insane twinkle – but whatever it was, it made him smile. "I won't let you, love." It was time to breach the subject Hermione hated most. "There's a house in Knotting Hill that I like," Hermione said conversationally. The following silence was deadly. "I didn't realise you were looking," Draco replied stiffly. "I can't rely on you forever, Draco. You know this. Besides, we've only got two more weeks." "Yeah, two more weeks until the do or die. So either the ministry goes through with putting everyone in jail or they don't and abolish the law. Just wait it out." Hermione looked at her nails. They were dirty from her day in the garden. She had a row of flowers that were her own now, and they were growing nicely. "Hermione… I don't want you to go anywhere." "I don't want to leave," Hermione whispered. Her hands were shaking and her breath was coming in short pants but god this moment was so important and if she could just – "Then stay." Hermione's eyes flicked up to meet Draco's. He had moved from his place beside the fire and now stood only a few feet away from her. Half his face was covered in shadow. "You can't be on your own," he continued. "You can't handle it and you know it. I'm the only one who can look after you." "You're the only one crazy enough to want to," Hermione scoffed. Draco smirked in response. "You're crazy, I'm crazy. There's no one else out there who can match us. May as well stick together." Three days later they flipped a coin. Heads, he proposed. Tails, she did.