shone that Luna was almost blinded by it. Luna saw it, recognized it for what it was, and laughed at the folly of the Dark Lord who had tried to bind this witch's power to him when it couldn't be contained or bound by anyone or anything. Because what she saw at the centre of Bellatrix's aura was herself, and now she knew she had a fighting chance of making sure there was light at the end of the tunnel. Ecstasy laced the pain with this realization, and so, instead of giving into the pain, Luna released herself to the euphoria and her laughter rang out into the dark and empty room. LL " Crucio ." Luna's laughter filled the air as Ballatrix fired spell after spell. Her body writhing on the ground. The power within Bellatrix's curse washing over her, the pain reviving her, clearing her mind of insignificance. This woman was powerful and insane, but wasn't insanity the window into wisdom? " Crucio! Crucio! Crucio! " Bellatrix cried, her terror becoming obvious as Luna continued to laugh. She could feel the anguish pouring out of Bellatrix with every curse she spoke until… silence. Luna moved slowly to sit up from her position on the carpet, her bones creaking from the remnants of her "torture," if you could call it that, after all the unforgivable requires the caster to want it, to mean it. Wide fearful eyes meet Luna's, "You're like me?" A question, or a statement? Luna couldn't quite tell which it was, but she answered anyhow, "Yes." "Draco!" Bellatrix cried, backing away slowly, shock and fear etched across her face. "Take her to the dungeons. She should be quite comfortable there." LL Luna's body racked with and aftershock of spasms as Draco appeared, seemingly from nowhere. His face was white and drawn, what little colour it had possessed had long since been drained from his visage. Luna remembered how unhealthy he'd looked the year before. The dark circles etched under his eyes had deepened and he looked more haunted than ever. His hands fluttered uncertainly as he approached his aunt nervously. "Yes Aunt Bella," he murmured, "Of course. Shall I put her with the wandmaker?" "Yes, yes," the flustered witch gasped, still staring at Luna with horror, "That will be fine. Then send down their dinner." He nodded impassively and bent to grip Luna's arm tightly. She cried out as the pain seemed to hit her all at once and he sneered at her. "Up, filth," he snarled, dragging her to her feet and shoving her violently from the library. Once out of eyesight of his aunt he allowed her to regain her footing, watching her test shaky limbs with guarded eyes, before he led her down a flight of plain concrete stairs. The air grew heavy and moist as they descended, and once they'd passed detection of the other inhabitants Draco shoved her against the wall roughly. "Are you out of your mind?" he hissed, eyes searching her face desperately, "You don't laugh at Aunt Bella. Not unless you want to die." Luna looked up into his eyes, seeing past his anger to the terrified child inside. "I didn't laugh at her," she replied. "Like hell you did," Draco snarled, "I could here you all the way from the entrance hall. Honestly Lovegood, I knew you were barmy but I didn't realize you rivalled my own aunt in that department." Luna's eyes slid shut to block out the cacophony of taunts and jeers that welled up from the box she'd locked them in. "I'm not crazy," she protested, "People only say that because they can't see what's in front of your eyes." "Whatever," Draco muttered, releasing her and shoving her further down the stairs. When they reached the bottom, he pulled a ring of keys from his pocket to unlock the wrought iron gate that served as a dungeon. "Olivander," he snapped, "Come where I can see you!" There was the sound of footsteps coming closer in the gloom and Luna strained to see the hunched outline of someone standing about two meters from the door. "I brought you some company," Draco sneered as he shoved Luna through the door and locked it behind her. Luna gasped as the force of his shove sent her sprawling onto the stone floor, jarring tender muscles. She heard Draco's footsteps begin to retreat as she hauled herself to her knees and called after him. "It's ok to be scared," she said, "I would be too, if I were you. You do what you need to survive. Nothing more. And that's forgivable." The footsteps faltered as Draco paused in his retreat to look back at her, his pale features shining in the gloom. "You have no idea," he whispered, anguish seeping into his voice, harsh and acerbic against the self-loathing and anger. With that he disappeared up the stairs and Luna turned back to the cell she'd been dumped into. The silhouette standing there shuffled forward and Luna started to cringe before it resolved itself into the form of Mr. Ollivander. "Miss Lovegood," he said, "Ebony, phoenix feather, 13 ¾ inches, and fairly unbending, if I recall correctly?" She stared at him for a moment stunned, before she nodded shakily. "Y-yes," she said. "Oh my dear," he said, "I am so sorry you find yourself here." "Me too," she whispered as she turned her head to stare back up the stairwell as though she could still see the library she'd just come from. A/N: See you all sometime in February hopefully. For those of you also reading The Morrigan's Curse (flames4thought's Tomione WIP), I apologize for the lack of an update this week. Real Life snuck up on me unexpectedly and I lost the drive to write after a couple of rude/disheartening anonymous reviews. This week is also looking a bit crazy at the moment but I'm hoping to have a chapter up sometime this week. Love, flames4thought & 394SalazarSlytherin