as a tear tracks it's way down her face. He reaches over wiping it away. "I'd spare you this if I could," he tells her gently. "And if I thought that locking you away in a room for the duration would result in your happiness, I'd do that too. But Hermione," he cups her under the chin bringing her eyes to his, "when this is over. You won't be alone anymore. You'll have a partner who can challenge you, someone who can keep up with you, someone you're magic counts as an equal. You know I regard you as if you were my own daughter by blood. Even if this was something you had a choice in, I'd be begging you to take this opportunity before you are so swept away by your greatest you forget to take the time to be happy." His words sink in. She thinks about her future, one in which there is no Fever, she imagines how it would go. She'd achieve greatness yes. But at what cost? Her heart often ached for Professor McGonagall. So alone in the world. Would that be her? A powerful witch who has achieved much but never really took time for love. She sees it now, how enticing the possibility of The Fever can be. How it could be considered a blessing. Why people would want it. She feels her heart clench. Surely love shouldn't be so easy? They shouldn't just get it? Surely, it's something you have to fight for? A small voice in her head reminds her they all fought for a world in which love was possible. They had fought for love. They'd watched their friends die for it. Their childhoods had been blighted by this war. Was The Fever their gift? A way to bypass all the heartache that came from trying to find love. "Okay," she whispers. "Okay, I'll do it. I'll go to Hogwarts and accept The Fever. It's about trusting your magic, isn't it? Because that's what's making the choice. I trust my magic." She finishes with a note of finality. "What about it being like rape?" Harry asks curious about her flipped opinion. "My magic is me. My magic making the choice is me making a choice. I trust my magic to make this choice. It will probably do better than me anyway. You know how I over think everything. It's terrifying. Trusting in something so wild. But we spent six years at Hogwarts working with our magic to harness and grow it. We know our own magic and it knows us," she smiles. Now she's made the decision to accept The Fever, she's ready to defend it too. "It's quite exciting really," she grins around at everyone gathered, which is the surviving members of Dumbledore's Army. A larger crowd than she expected. Some stayed away, but most of the group had come when Kingsley called. Chatter breaks out among them, excited chatter. Hermione was the only one who he had to convince. Once she accepted it, the group trusted her judgement. She whacks Kingsley on the arm. "I came to you yesterday about this bloody weather and you fobbed me off," she accuses him. "We hadn't had confirmation of everything. It was still just conjecture yesterday. But now we have a date..." "How long?" "It will hit Saturday," he sighs. "That's in three days," she hisses at him. "Yes. Saturday evening at dusk. When the light fades the burning will start." "That sounds like you're quoting?" She questions him. "That line exists in every single prophecy we've had. Almost twenty prophecies and every single one has that line," Kingsley tells her. No one in the room is paying them any attention. Not anymore. Not now they're excited about it. "I'm still not comfortable with this," she tells him honestly. "Of course you're not but in a few weeks it will all be over." "Weeks?" She hisses. "It will take time for the couples to find each other, even with you all staying in the castle. There is enough of you left that this will cause a population boom not just growth as it usually does," Kingsley draws out a book. "For you. I knew you'd want to read up. The Department of Mysteries put that together with all the most reliable sources of information and a transcript of each prophecy. See, there are some benefits to unofficially being my adopted daughter," he laughs. She takes the book and begins flipping through it. It had began when she'd been staying at Grimmauld Place before fifth year. He would quiz her on what she was studying and talk over complex theories with her. Once she turned seventeen, he began to teach her extra skills. She was the first and only protégé Kingsley had taken on. It made her feel proud. "I'm legally an adult. You can't adopt an adult," she scoffs. "You're the only person I allow to speak to me in such a way. I'm a very important man these days," he winks at her. "Oh I know Mr Minister," she teases. "Thank you for the book." "It should answer all of your questions. If not my door is always open to you. Even when I'm in an important meeting and you take it upon yourself to barge in through several layers of enchantments." "I like to think of it as you testing to see how much I've learned from you," she murmurs over the book. Kingsley stands, he knows he won't get any more sense from her, he says his goodbyes to Harry and leaves. Before the group breaks up for the evening, they arrange to all meet again ready for Saturday at dusk. They can test out to see if any of them matches. Those that do will manage to avoid going back to the castle. George is praying he matches at the meeting. He can't go back there, he's not ready and he doubts he ever will be.