of him as she pushes her knickers to the floor. She reaches around to remove her bra letting that drop too. She stands naked in front of him. "Your move," she tells him. She's not going to make this easy for him. She wants him to take control. Theo pulls her onto his lap, she lets her legs fall either side of him as he begins kissing down her neck, pausing to linger over spots that elicit noises from her. His hands cup her breasts as his mouth works over one then the other nipple. Pulling it into his mouth, lathering it with his tongue, making her mewl and writhe against him. Theo's fingers trail down to explore between her legs. She gasps as he slides his fingers over her clit. He looks at her face as he does it again. Pinching it between his fingers, before leaving in search of her entrance. When he finds it he carefully explores with first one then two fingers. He remembers Blaise telling them in the dorm about a spot inside, against the front wall. He pushes his fingers vaguely where he thinks it should be making her moan his name. He's never loved his name more than when it comes from her like that. He moves her so she's led on the bench, rearing up over her, he strokes himself with the hand he'd had inside her. Once he's covered in her juices, he licks his fingers clean. "Your fucking delicious, Hermione," Theo says spreading her legs staring down at her core. He bends down to give an experimental lick, he watches her face as he does so. The look of ecstasy has him diving back in. Her runs his tongue over her, swirling and dipping around her folds. Hermione's fingers twist into his hair as he keeps working. His jaw starts to ache as she pulls his head away, yanking on his hair. "I'm close. I'm really close," she tells him. He nods lining up his cock as her legs come up around his waist. "Now Theo please," she begs as he teases her with the swollen head. Her hips buck against him, trying to impale herself. Theo chuckles as he begins pushing inside her but his breath is quickly stolen from him by her tight walls gripping him. Hermione pushes her hips up to meet his. Fully in casing his length inside her. Her legs grip him holding him in place. "You're so big," she squirms trying to adjust to his girth. Her legs relax around him as his breathing steadies. "Okay, I'm ready now," she tells him, shifting her legs giving him room to move. He starts off slowly, trying to set a steady pace. His inexperience betrays him as he begins to move on instinct only. He takes her hard as she writhes below him. Hermione's hand reaches between them to bring herself closer. She knows he can't last long. His breathing stutters as he feels her clench down on him, crying out his name as her whole body shakes. Her legs fall down, unable to hold them any longer. Theo pulls one of them back up holding it for a deeper angle as he thrusts once, twice then cums shuddering inside her, shooting jet after jet of hot cum inside her. He lets her leg drop once more as he collapses on top of her. "That was brilliant," he moans against her breasts. He misses her nod of agreement as she runs her fingers through his hair. Theo moves to claim her lips. As he kisses her a ripple goes through her. Hermione's eyes open wide. Theo pulls himself out of her, before taking them both to the floor cradling her in his arms. She screams as another ripple takes her body. Her hands go up to grip her neck as the flesh there tears open. Theo holds her. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so, so sorry," he chants over and over as ripple after ripple courses through her. She rolls off him and vomits over the floor. Theo pulls her hair back stroking up and down her back as her body rids itself of its human waste. He vanishes everything that leaves her body. She collapses to the ground, screaming again as scales push themselves out across her body. Blood drips from her skin as it's cut by the emerging scales. "I'm promise it doesn't always feel like this. It's just the first. You'll be okay," he tries to reassure her as her legs bind together, as webbing appears between her fingers. She sobs as the pain of the transformation leaves behind a dull ache. Theo carries her weary body to the water, temporarily hating his smooth and painless transformation as they both sink into the salt water. Hermione clings to him, not ready to explore her new body that hurt so much to gain. The pain left as soon as she entered the water. She experimentally moves her tail, feeling the new muscles respond to her she flicks her tail feeling the way it moves through the water. She opens her eyes and looks down, purple and lilac scales adorn her bottom half, trailing up her sides cupping most of her breasts. Her eyes meet Theo's. "Purple," he says stroking under her eyes. "I half expected red. You know, for Gryffindor." He grins at her. She smirks pushing away from him. Swimming is easy. She dives through the water feeling it move through her gills, her fingers easily part the water. She feels whole in a way she never has before. "The bath is too small," she pouts. "Later, once it's dark, we'll go out to the lake. Tomorrow, we'll get a pass from McGonagall we'll go swim in the ocean. It's beautiful, Hermione, I can't wait to show you it all." "We have the rest of our lives to explore it all together," she grins kissing him, eager to start a new adventure together.