he found his hips moving against hers. The sound of keys in the lock echoed down the staircase. Severus and Lily both froze. She looked into his face and giggled and she climbed off of him, her eyes lingering on his erection through his pants. He shifted slightly to hide it, an obvious blush on his face. He ran a hand over his face to hide an awkward laugh. Lily stood up and slipped her jeans over Severus' boxers. They hadn't realized that it was past ten. "I'll walk you home." Severus stood up, he gently took hold of her hand and led her up the staircase. Mrs. Snape was sitting in an armchair staring out the living room window. She looked up to see her son and the sweet girl from down the street. "Lily dear, I didn't think you'd still be here. Your mum might be worried." Mrs. Snape smiled at Lily, and Lily returned the smile. She noticed her son holding Lily's hand. Severus noticed his mother's eyes fall to their joined hands and quickly let go of Lily's hand. Mrs. Snape watched the interaction with curious eyes. Lily looked to Severus out of the corner of her eyes and blushed. She noticed that her son looked both nervous and happy. "I was just going to walk her home now mum, I'll be back in a bit". Mrs. Snape nodded, "Take care Lily, come 'round during the weekend, will you?" Lily beamed at Mrs. Snape. "I will. Good night Mrs. Snape." Mrs. Snape turned her head toward the window again. Severus walked to the door and picked up Lily's backpack as she put on her sandals. Closing the door behind her, she took Severus' hand as they walked down the street. "Your mum always seems friendly before your dad gets home". Severus looked straight ahead, not knowing what to say to that. He knew his father made his mother miserable, he found it strange how Lilly seemed to notice everything. Both of his parents liked Lily. His father found it easy to talk to Lily, as her family were muggles, and they had many muggle things to chat about. His mother was fond of Lily, often asking her about Hogwarts, and her favorite subjects. Lily always wondered how Sev's parents could be so kind to her, but never to one another. She also knew how harsh his father was with him, and she felt guilty about the ease with which both of his parents interacted with her. She knew Severus didn't particularly like his father, and that he loved his mother. Severus never specifically said it, but by the way Severus acted around them, she had the sense that his father might have been particularly nasty toward them because they used magic. She knew Severus had felt like he needed to protect his mother for most of his life. After a few moments of silence Severus said, "She was probably friendly because you were around, she likes you", he smiled at her. Lily tightened her grip on Severus' hand, hoping it could convey what she felt. "Will your mum be upset? I didn't even notice that it was dark". " She won't be mad, she trusts you. Petunia will bratty about it." "I'm sorry Lily". Lily kissed his cheek. Severus had a way of blaming himself for everything. The truth was, she could have gone home ages ago and Petunia would have still made some snarky comment about Severus. She knew things between Petunia and Sev weren't great in the beginning, but it had been years, and Petunia refused to accept Severus, or anything magical Lily talked about. Lily still felt guilty about being the only witch in their family. She remembered how much Petunia had wanted to go with her to Hogwarts. Lily's family wasn't terrible wealthy, but they definitely were not lacking for anything. Petunia being the spoiled one between the two of them, forever held a grudge that there was something that Lily could have that she never would. Lily loved her sister dearly, but lately, she was finding it hard to see Petunia's softness. Her sister was becoming an adult, and Lily was realizing that she was becoming an adult that she might never really know. It was even harder in the last few years, when Petunia would call Severus rude things to his face. Since starting at Hogwarts Severus had always been polite with Petunia. Before he started school he could barely stand to be around her, never bothering with politeness. After starting school though, Severus noticed how sad Lily was without her sister. He soon realized being friends with Lily required some form of a relationship with Petunia. He was certain he would not get in the way of their relationship. It did come as a surprise to him that Petunia seemed to prefer not having Lily around. Lily would never admit it, but it broke her heart. Severus held her hand when she talked about the things Petunia would say, he never said anything bad about her, but gave her the space she needed to share her sadness. They finally arrived at Lily's house. Lily turned to look at Severus. She pulled both of his hands toward her. She was swaying back and forth with their hands joined together. Severus couldn't help but notice how adorable she was. Long wavy hair lightly tussled and blowing behind her. Wearing Severus's much too long sweater with the sleeves rolled up. "I'll see you tomorrow Sev?" He smiled and brought one hand up to his lips and kissed it. "Anything you want." Lily looked down, still swaying, a soft smile on her lips. She looked up at him, bit her lip, and let go of his hands. She walked toward her house. Severus stood still and watched as she walked into her house and closed the door behind her. Severus turned around and walked home, happily replaying the day's events through his head.