would be good for you-" "-to maybe start hanging out with kids your age-" "-who aren't your cousins, of course-" "-and aren't snobby like those other diplomats kids-" Hermione rolled her eyes, remembering all the times the twins had hexed one of the kids shoelaces together or made them start farting or burping or hitting one particularly nasty kid with hives. Other kids had always treated her oddly. They catered to her, complimented her, feed her manipulating promises of friendship. It was tiring being around them. No, not tiring, frustrating. She hated those eager eyes gazing at her as if she was the answer to all their problems. It ostracized her. Fab and Gid did not like that and always secretly retaliated on her behalf. She reprimanded them properly afterward but she actually enjoyed it. It felt extremely nice to have someone genuine. She didn't understand how her mother could like it so much, "Do they know who I am?" She asked. Their uncomfortable shuffling was all the answer she needed. "No, no, I don't want to meet them." With identical pouts on their faces, they whined at her. "Whyyyy-" "-you'd like them-" "-they'll treat you normally!" "No." "We can disguise you-" "-they don't care about royalty-" "-they'd be more impressed if you were a famous Quidditch star!" Hermione sighed but kept her annoyance in check. It hardly mattered to her if they cared about the royal family or not. She just didn't have anything in common with children. They hadn't been through the things she had. Often times with other kids she grew bored of their immaturity, of their ignorance, of their lack of intelligence. Selfish. That's what she saw in other kids. Childish selfishness. Ani- 'Royalty of animals ,' She shivered as his voice crept unbidden into her mind. White hot anger coursed through her replacing the fear. Unconsciously, She grit her teeth and gripped her book, a sort of madness in her sharp eyes. ' Does it matter being royalty of animals? ' "Hermione?" Her eyes flicked up to her bodyguards unable to escape her rage. I'll kill him! I'll kill him! "Deep breaths love." Gid flicked his wand, vanishing her book from her hands. Without it, her hands curled into fists. She wanted to crush him. Hit that sneer off his lips, tear him apart, rip him limb from limb, smash his face to bits. In her mind, she's done it so many times. Transported herself back to that time in his study and killed him in so many ways. Ruined him like he ruined her. Kids didn't hate like her. . . . " Wake up, darling. Wake up." Blinking slowly, Hermione drowsily woke, sitting up in bed. Chills immediately broke out on her skin as the quilt slide off her body, tendrils of her hair partially obscured her vision but it didn't take her long at all to realize what was going on. Or rather, what, or who was in her room with her. "Mum," She breathed out tiredly, resigned. Standing beside her bed her mother stood in all her haunting beauty. "Please." " Get up, Hermione. " She wanted to refuse, she wanted to turn her back and just ignore her and fall back into the peaceful oblivion of sleep. " Get up, darling. " She wanted to cry, she was just so tired of this. She slipped gracefully off of her bed and padded over to her slippers. She followed her mother through the castle, quiet and careful. Hermione recognized that her mother was leading her to her father's wing. Dread filled her as she followed her mother's ghost but stopped when her mother did and gazed at where she pointed. "It's just a wall, mum." Her mother shook her head. ' No, Hermione. Push it .' She did as her mother instructed and was surprised when the wall caved in and slide to the side. A long dark small corridor stretch out before her and she stepped through and followed to the other side. All the hairs on her arms stood on end as she walked. Everything felt eery here. She let out a breath of relief when they came to the end. "What is this?" she asked taking in the two chairs and the odd square opening at the end. Her mother put a finger to her lips and then pointed at the tiny opening. Hermione stepped toward it with a frown. Chills broke out on her back as her mother stood behind her and bent to whisper in her ear. ' It's a peephole to the king's bedroom.' Hermione stopped moving and turned back to look at her mum. She took in the almost maniacal gleam in her mother's eyes and felt a horrible need to turn back, to run far far away. "Mum, please." she whispered but her mother cut her a sharp glare. ' Look !' She hissed. Hermione grabbed a chair and dragged it to the peephole. She gracefully climbed onto it and with a shaking hand she opened and peered inside. The room was illuminated by the soft glow of candles and the gentle pale moon. At first, her gaze was drawn to the beauty of the moon and of the gentle wind softly wafting the long sheer window and bed curtains. It looked ethereal and dreamlike. Then her gaze was drawn to the movement on the bed and she finally saw what her mother had dragged her to see. She recoiled and nearly fell off the chair. Her mother released a deranged sort of laugh as Hermione gazed at her in horror. " She's wearing my ring, Hermione. She's fucking my husband on my bed while wearing my ring! " Tears spilled down her mother's pale cheeks as she stared at the wall and Hermione felt matching tears spill from her eyes. " They killed me, Hermione. For this. So they could be together. You have to believe me, Darling. They killed me. "