security, your Majesties, and our talk was not a particularly sensitive one," Dumbledore said. "Your secrets are safe." Tobias snorted. "Maybe theirs are, but what about mine, and Snape's? You really think it's not a problem, that Fred and George Weasley know that I'm Harry Potter and my father is Severus Snape? It could just as easily have been anyone else. Unless Snape really is a Death Eater, and you want him dead? Then it'd be pretty clever, actually. Nobody would've known why the Death Eaters suddenly decided to kill one of their own..." "Tobias has a point," Sheyanan said, then looked at Tobias pointedly, "though he could have put it more politely." Tobias grimaced, frustrated. He did not want to allow the monarchs to control his speech, but had did have to be polite to people if he was going to be their Heir. Which is why I don't want it. And it wasn't like the monarchs had been real polite themselves, beforehand. "Are Fred and George Weasley likely to be dangerous?" Sheyanan asked. "No," Tobias said. "You're not going to find better blokes than Fred and George, and they can be trusted to keep a secret even if I apparently can't." He directed his last words to Dumbledore. "Who is guarding me?" he asked again. "In addition to - your father?" Dumbledore asked. Tobias grimaced but nodded, and Dumbledore continued. "Minerva McGonagall, Kingsley Shacklebolt, and Nymphadora Tonks." "Good enough," Tobias said, trying for the light tone the monarchs had used, "though I'd have preferred to know they were there." "You heard my reasoning," Dumbledore told him, still avoiding his eyes, though his voice held no remorse. "Yes, I did," Tobias said. "And if I'd still been eleven it would've made sense. As it is I'm left wondering who were actually friends, and who Order members." "Your guards were instructed not to make friends with you. All of the friends you made were genuine." Well that's good, at least. "Fine," Tobias said, voice clipped. "In the future, though," Sheyanan said, turning back to Dumbledore, "we would request full disclosure on all measures related to our Heir or his safety. We would not want anything to be left unaccounted for that could potentially provoke an...incident. And, of course, Tobias himself is to be kept informed as well." "Of course, your Majesty," Dumbledore answered, his smile looking a bit forced. "Openness on all sides would certainly be best." "Oh, no, Headmaster," Mohira answered him, tone not quite as controlled as his wife's. "You have misunderstood us. Tobias is our Heir, and so we rightly request to be kept appraised of all decisions made on his behalf. On the other hand, for his safety we regret that we must keep many things in full confidence. We cannot afford any mistakes, you will understand." "I had hoped to cooperate with your Majesties regarding Harry's future," Dumbledore answered, clearly tense. "And we had assumed you would realize that the boy is no longer under your control," Mohira answered bluntly. "He is your student, but he is our heir and legally our ward. We would consider discussing things with this Severus Snape is he so wishes, but other than arranging things specific to his classes here at Hogwarts, you have no place in such discussions." "I have been keeping Harry safe for the last fourteen years!" Dumbledore protested angrily. "And during that time he has been abused by his relatives, attacked by four of his own teachers, and kidnapped by Voldemort, Headmaster. You can understand why we doubt the validity of your decisions regarding him." To Tobias' surprise, it was Sheyanan that said it, voice grim. "I cannot be expected to know everything about everyone I hire," Dumbledore argued back fiercely. "The world today is dangerous. Lupin is one of the best teachers I have ever hired. Moody and Quirrell were acting on the Dark Lord's orders. I cannot predict and counter Voldemort's every move. I had to hire somebody. Whether he is actually the subject of prophecy or not, he is number one on Voldemort's hit list. Can you truly expect me to protect him from everything?" "No, Headmaster," Mohira said coolly, "we cannot. Which is precisely why we are relieving you of that responsibility." Dumbledore stared at the large fae for a moment,making Tobias wonder if he would get angry, then hung his head in defeat. "Very well," he said. "I only hope that you have a better record than I." Woah, Tobias thought, looking back and forth between the two monarchs and Dumbledore. He'd never seen anybody face down Dumbledore like that. Let alone face him down and win . And they'd seemingly done it for his sake. Could be just politics, though, he thought. Putting them in charge of my safety, and not telling Dumbledore things that they don't want to. But then, they'd seemed genuinely angry, speaking about the Dursleys and the danger he'd courted at Hogwarts. And Dumbledore almost seemed to agree with them. He'd argued, but then he'd seemed to just...give up. Strange. At any rate, the negotiations went easier after that, as Mohira, Sheyanan, and Dumbledore discussed the details of Tobias' schedule, and nothing else. Dumbledore was quiet, for the most part offering only advise on Hogwarts' schedule without trying to control any of the decisions made. Tobias found himself feeling somewhat useless, as he understood little of the discussion - what the hell was Deportment, and what was so important about it? - and so could only make the occasional comment about Mo's sleeping habits and his own preferences. Finally Mo rescued him, fussing continuously until he had to leave and get her lunch and a nap. I could eat, too, he realized as he left. The drama since the monarchs had arrived had already taken several hours, and he only really picked at the lunch Zuka had brought for him. I think I'll skip Transfigurations, just this once, he thought. I've bloody well earned it.