of a rent, he didn't know what people paid for things like that, it wasn't something he had ever thought about. His phone rang suddenly one afternoon, the shrill ringtone cutting through the quiet in his room. The caller was unknown but he picked up anyways. "Draco Malfoy speaking." He greeted curtly. "Hello?" The other voice was breathy, as if they were running. Weirdo. "Who is this?" Draco demanded. "Oh, sorry, duh. I'm Harry, Harry Potter." The guy stumbled over his words. Good, he was an idiot. "I'm assuming that you're calling about the apartment." Draco suggested. "Yeah! I'm very interested, like very very interested. Can I come by and see it?" He asked cheerily. "How soon can you move in?" Draco asked, he couldn't wait around for this genius to get out of an old lease, he needed them to move in immediately. "Today?" Potter offered hopefully, yup definitely an idiot. "Come over at two today; 223 Fides apartment 27b." Draco ordered gruffly. "Awesome! Oh! I almost forgot, can I get your name? So I can make out the check?" He chirped. "Draco Malfoy. Google it before you come." He snapped, hanging up quickly. If Potter held a grudge against him for his father, he just wouldn't show up and then Draco wouldn't have to deal with it. He'd keep it a secret but then when it all came out down the line, Potter might refuse to give an alibi if Draco's family history was a surprise. ... Harry Okay, so his roommate was a bit of a prick, but there were worse things. Like being homeless. Harry could be civil even when dealing with pricks, it was practically his specialty in high school. He was buzzing with energy as he continued his loop around the park. There was a park here, with people skateboarding, and feeding geese and living, nothing like Little Whinging. It was only noon now but Harry felt like he could run to Fides Street. He was buzzing with joy at his freedom, everything was beginning. A hot dog stand's umbrella spun and a child's soda exploded as he walked by. Oops, he was a little too excited. That wouldn't do. Something told him that super powers weren't a well liked trait in perspective renters. Draco Harry Potter had no social media presence, no newspaper articles written about him, and no apparent connections with anyone. In other words, he was perfect. The knock came at exactly 2:07, seven minutes past when Draco had told him to arrive, but not so grievous an error as to not open the door, not that he'd actually open the door. "Come in!" Draco snapped, focusing on the fake lease he had whipped up in the last few minutes. Potter's rent would be good pocket money during the coming months, not that Potter really needed to worry about that. "Hey, sorry I'm late. Harry Potter." He introduced himself in a rush, adjusting the strap of his off kilter backpack and blowing the untamed beast of a head of black hair out of his face. "Draco Malfoy." Draco shook the outstretched hand and was forced to acknowledge that Harry Potter was in fact, ridiculously attractive. He had bright green eyes and while that mop of hair was horrifying, it was also sex hair, as in, pull on it while he gives you a very enthusiastic blow job hair. His jaw was strong, his nose straight and proportional, and he was actually kind of ridiculously tall. If Draco had a thing for charmingly disastrous twinks, which he didn't, Potter would be just his cup of tea. "You have to pay have rent, utilities, etc. I keep odd hours and if you touch my stuff I'll break your face." He listed brusquely, presenting the lease with fake confidence. He really needed that alibi. "Anything else I should be aware of?" The other man asked, puppy dog eagerness disgustingly present. "You googled me right?" Draco checked, well aware he could be shooting himself in the foot, but he couldn't have this fool finding out later and changing his story, there was too much risk. "Look man this is by far the cheapest, nicest apartment within walking distance of my classes and I missed the deadline for housing, so you could be an axe murderer and I would still sign that lease." Fuck, maybe he lowballed that rent price, it's not like he actually knew how much people paid in rent. "Google me." He repeated firmly. "You know what, no, if it's really that bad, tell me, if not, I don't give a shit if you're technically a sex offender because you streaked at your high school football game." He signed with a flourish, smirking as he did. "That's not it, is it? Because come on, that would be pretty impressive if I guessed it, wouldn't it?" Harry grinned, as if he thought his overeager, puppy like routine would actually work. Not that it was working, at all. "So, when can I move in?" Potter asked hopefully, and that, that was probably going to be a problem. A/N: Hello, so this story just kind of happened. It was inspired by a Tumblr text post that I saw on Cosmo's snapchat story. I don't want to cite it specifically just yet because spoilers but the idea of superhero roommates is not mine. Disclaimer: I have nothing against state schools or frats, Draco will say lots of mean things, just go with them. Some fun facts: 223 is the length of the Philosopher's Stone. Fides is faith in latin, which is vaguely based on how Malfoy means bad faith in French. The cafe is a creation of my imagination that is a combination of a certain university's admissions office and what comes up when you google "hipster cafe." I will try to update again as soon as possible, but reviews definitely feed the muse so drop me a review with your thoughts, I'd love to hear them.