would say. Something that she'd been afraid of. Taking a step back, Aunt Joanne smiled shakily at her. Her eyes were full of tears, making the amber of her irises glow brightly. "I always knew that my time would come." she said. Although her face was distraught,, her voice was calm, serene. Brielle tried to open her mouth to speak but she rushed on. "I'll be okay, sweetie. You'll be okay, you'll survive. I'll be reunited with my sister and the rest of my family. Death is simply but an old friend that we'll all embrace at one point or the other." She swallowed hard. "But you. . .Brielle, remember all that I've taught you. Don't you forget who you are, okay? You will have a complicated future ahead of you and ultimately a difficult decision but you're so strong, so good. You'll never be bad, not like her. I know you'll make your parents proud, wherever they are. Me as well. I'll always love and be with you." She made a claw mark with three fingers out, an old prayer symbol that'd supposedly been in the family, tracing back all the way to the original family member. Aunt Joanne stepped back just as the dark wizards outside attempted to break the door down once more. They succeeded this time. Brielle cried out as the door banged open and in rushed in four figures cloaked in midnight black robes and donning white masks that covered their faces from views. Three of the four figures held a wand in their hands, she noticed. Her blood roared in her ears. A fresh wave of fear assaulted her and she staggered back, struggling to remain upright as she looked at the Dark Lord's people, the ones who had just killed dozens of her friends. The ones who'd possibly even had a hand in her parents' murder. Oh Merlin. Please help me. One of the figures stepped forward and took off the mask to reveal wild, scraggly hair, a cruel face that was lined with cruel hunger, and glowing yellow eyes. Brielle let out a loud, shrill scream despite herself, backing against the window as he grinned, exposing sharp teeth. One of his companions, a female by the outline of a slight body through the robes, laughed sadistically. "Look at her face! Oh, this one, I'll enjoy playing with!" she shrieked gleefully. "Elle, go!" Aunt Joanne screamed, raising her wand and firing off a curse as the man with the cruel face advanced. He snarled. "You will not harm my niece, you bastards!" Brielle shook her head. "No, I won't leave without you -" " Crucio !" the woman screamed, pointing her wand at Brielle. Brielle's eyes widened and it was only the Brielle's fast reflexes that saved her from terrible agony as she twisted her body and rolled away. The spell sailed past her and out the window. A second later, somebody started screaming in agony. Horrified tears pricked her eyes. But no. Right now she had to focus on getting out of here alive with Aunt Joanne. "Elle, please! Go !" cried Aunt Joanne, swerving around the curses thrown at her, firing counter curses with amazing speed, her eyes flashing pure gold. She made a dash for the door when she spotted an opening through the bodies but she didn't make it in time. Brielle could only watch, petrified, as one of the figures gripped her by her hair and shoved her to the ground roughly, laughing. She went sprawling across the floor with a grunt of pain, her wand rolling away, leaving her completely defenseless Just as quickly, Aunt Joanne rose to her feet only to fall to the ground once more as she was hit with a binding spell. When she was placed under "Crucio", Brielle moved in her direction angrily but then threw herself to the side again as the guy, the werewolf she realized in horror, rushed at her. "GO!" The look on her aunt's face broke her heart. Through clear the agony drawn over her face, Brielle saw terror, determination, and love. Aunt Joanne still tried to protect Brielle as one of the wizards aimed a sword at her, which appeared out of its sleeve magically. Somehow, she managed to throw herself in its path and tripping it, even as her body writhed and convulsed. "GO!" "Confundus!" Brielle shouted loudly, and the spell hit one of the Death Eaters, who advanced menacingly towards her, wand held aloft, straight in the chest. "E-Elle - Please ! You n-need to - " A horrible screeching sound ripped from her aunt's throat. Brielle finally caved in to the pleading. It broke her heart but she knew her aunt was right. She knew she couldn't die today. Not until she did what she'd been trained to do. It wasn't time. "I'm s-sorry. I-I'll always love you." She stumbled over her words as she backed away, never tearing her eyes away from her aunt, who stared back at her with a face. For a moment, her gold eyes lost their pain and she smiled proudly at Brielle. But then she threw her head back and howled. The moment was over. Brielle wept openly as she took a deep breath and said the word to activate the portkey that would take her away and doom her aunt to a miserable ending, "Forgiveness." just as the woman who had attempted to torture her in the beginning fired off the killing curse, her face twisted with fury. Her body left the ground. Instantly, the world began spinning as she was tossed and spun around in a cloud full of dark colors. There was a sudden tugging just behind her navel, which made her light-headed and dizzy, but she still heard her aunt's cry of pain and saw, somehow, as a sword was rammed deep into her back, saw her collapse to the ground, as Brielle was magnetically pulled forward, forward- And then Brielle was gone.