his hair to sway in a way most unflattering. He hoped she wouldn't notice… "It's getting quite long again." She grinned. "You remember that time that I braided your hair into pigtails?" She'd noticed. "How could I forget? You put pink bows on me and painted my nails. I looked like the love-child of Winston Churchill and a French callgirl." "Why did you let me do it?" she asked. "All I ever wanted was for you to be happy." And he would protect that happiness with his life. He would protect her happiness even if he wasn't the one responsible for it. Lily deserved the world and more. He wanted to tell her, but he knew he never could. It wouldn't be right. It wouldn't be fair to her. As much pain as it caused him to be looking from the outside into her life, he loved her enough to love her from afar. "That's the little boy that I remember." She smiled. "Remember how you used to chase off my sister when she was being mean to me?" "Ah, yes. I conjured up some large birds and a big toad to scare her away if I recall. How is Petunia these days?" He despised Lily's sister. Even as a child, she'd been a terrible person. "I wouldn't know. We haven't spoken much since my days at Hogwarts. I did let her know of Harry's birth, but never heard back. She has a boy around Harry's age. I'd like for him to know his cousin, but it's not going to happen as long as she's still with that daft husband of hers." She sighed. "Personally I think it's a touch of karma for being so dreadful when we were children." He could see that though she joked about it, her sister's rejection hurt her. "We could always pay her a visit…maybe summon a tiger or two for good measure." He tried to make her feel better. "I wouldn't subject those poor animals, corporeal or not, to the likes of Petunia and Vernon." She did a very good job at masking her pain, but he could tell that her heart was broken. Apparently, so could her son. Harry stirred uncomfortably. He let out a grunt, a forewarning that he was about to give his tiny lungs a very large workout. "Ah, you're alright, luv." Lily placed her hand against Harry's cheek. Harry immediately calmed. "Little fella is knackered. Best get him in before he catches cold." "Mother knows best." He saw the way she looked at her child…with such love and admiration. Her face lit up in a way that touched his soul. In all his years of loving her he'd never seen her as happy as she was looking down at her son. It hit him like a wave crashing against the shore. Her eyes. Her spark. Lily had once been the light of his life. Now Harry was the light of hers. He would do everything in his power to protect her boy. Harry wasn't his son, but he was the closest thing he would ever have to a child. Part of him hated that he cared so much, but all he had to do was look at his former love to remind him that even the darkness in his soul was capable of love. The two exchanged a sweet grin. Lily leaned forward and embraced her old friend in a hug. Snape swallowed a knot in his throat. He did his best to choke back his tears. When she let go he realized that the tears he was holding in weren't from sadness, but from joy. It had been so long since he'd held her in his arms. His memories came back in a flash: the two of them running about in meadows and holding hands. Smiling. He hadn't smiled so wide in ages. If only… He thought. If only he had told her how he truly felt instead of calling her a filthy mudblood. If only he had been smarter…better looking…kinder…a better man. "Lily, about that day at Hogwarts…" "I know." She tried to save him the embarrassment. "You were just trying to help. What I said…I had no right. I'm sorry." He'd never forgiven himself, so he assumed she wouldn't either. He was wrong. "I know. It's okay. That was a long time ago, Severus. We were all different people then." "You were better off without me." He glanced down at Harry again. He was such a happy baby. And why wouldn't he be? His mother was the best person Snape knew. "Severus Snape, don't you for one second think that I don't want you in my life." Lily scolded him. "You were there for me in a way that no one else in my life ever was. You loved me even when I felt unlovable. You were my best mate and my first real friend. And I expect you to be my last, you hear?" "After all this time?" He asked, genuinely surprised by her candor. "Always." She smiled. His heart felt full again. He found himself turning away to hide the blood rushing to his cheeks. After he'd taken a second to compose himself he hugged her again. When he pulled away he saw that Harry was looking at him with wide eyes and reaching his tiny little hand out towards him. Severus gently reached into the stroller and let Harry latch on to his index finger once more. Harry cooed and then his lips curled into a smile. He flailed about in excitement and let out a string of giggles that echoed throughout the park. Lily and Snape said their goodbyes, and for the first time in years…it didn't pain him to watch her leave. He had a newfound hope in his soul as he watched her walk away. He loved her. That would never change. But now he knew that despite everything they had been through…she would always love him, too. END