me Weasley, how does it feel like watching Granger act like a hussy, so different than her usual uppity nature, whenever Potter touches her? I wonder though honestly, what does he have that would make the virginal bookworm abandon her morals and spread her legs so eagerly? Tell me Weasley, you would know, wouldn't you?" He was outright mocking her now. "Or did Potter not offer any of that to you?" He began circling her, caging her there physically. "It must kill you then, that he would prefer Granger over you. Granger whose hair resembles a nest and who has her head so far up in her ass that she can't tell the time of the day." She felt him stop behind her, his front pressing into her back imposingly. Yet she was frozen, unable to move from her position, completely at his mercy. "Look now Weaselette." He grabbed her chin roughly and pulled so that she was now looking at the said pair of lovers. Harry had his head thrown back as Hermione sucked on his neck, their hips still grinding against each other. But it was the expression on Harry's face – mouth hung open, eyes scrunched tight in sheer ecstasy – that made her gasp. He looked so immersed in pleasure, so intense, so unlike Harry that she wondered if he was the same man she used to date once. "Did Potter ever enjoy himself like that with you? Did he lose himself in bliss so much that he was not even aware that he might be hurting you? Look at how he grips her, like she is a lifeline, like he would die if she was taken away from him now. Look at the desperation with which they move. Look Weaselette, look . Look at him come . " Malfoy hissed into her ear sounding not unlike the symbol of his house and she did as he told her to. She looked as Harry groaned loudly, and began to grind against Hermione in fast, quick motions as his whole body shuddered violently. Ginny was bewitched by the way he looked like, so wild, so free. Exactly how she wanted him to be with her. Ginny was not aware of the tears rolling down her cheeks till Malfoy skimmed his fingers there and extracted wetness, his hand hovering in front of her, a specimen of her weakness. Nothing was said between them and the only sounds echoing around were Harry and Hermione's sighs and giggles as they finally broke from their embrace and moved around. Harry chuckled at the wet spot on his pants as Hermione stretched out her limbs and tried to fix her appearance. "What am I going do to with this now, Hermione?" He asked he helped his lover down from her perch on the high desk. Giggling, Hermione grabbed her wand and waved it in front of him and the spot disappeared instantly. "Thank you, love." He pulled her into his arms and kissed her chastely. Ginny almost sobbed at the gentle affection they shared between them. "Hmm…Don't thank me just yet. I think you owe me something." Hermione replied coyly, her fingers playing with his collar. "Whatever that may be?" "I did not get to you know-"A familiar blush spread across the brunette's cheeks. Ginny felt Malfoy scoff at her shyness and mutter something that sounded much like 'fucking prude'. "Oh yes, sorry about that." Harry replied with a light blush of his own as he looked away from her sheepishly. "Do you want me to…?" He trailed off looking thoroughly embarrassed and Ginny wondered how two enthusiastic exhibitionists like them could possibly be so shy to talk about such things. "No. I mean, not now. I have got to finish my Charms essay and study a bit. How about you come to my room later?" Being the Head Girl, Hermione had been granted a personal room. Ginny's heart did a tiny flip, something it did every time she thought about how they both must be having sex, a privilege Harry thoroughly denied her. "Sure, catch you later then." And with that Harry put an arm around Hermione and they both left with secret smiles on their faces which were quite easy to decipher. When they made to pass them, Malfoy dragged Ginny further behind a bookshelf to obscure themselves from their view. His hands were poised on her hips lightly and he held her at a distance. Ginny thought all this sudden charade of chivalry was quite duplicitous as he was treating her roughly just moments ago. "So Weaselette tell me now." He began once he was sure that they both had left, "Do you pretend to not care about it?" Ginny did not answer him at first, letting the tears flow down her cheeks freely. Her chest felt like it would overflow with all the grief she felt at the moment. There was no denying it. It was all futile now. "Yes," she sobbed out, her voice scratchy and thick, "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes !" Her cries came out unbidden now, sounding as miserable as she felt inside. Ginny felt him lean closer to her, the pressure of his hands on her hips increasing in the slightest. He positioned his mouth so close to her ear that his lips were almost touching her skin. She stiffened immediately. "And that's exactly what makes you pathetic, Weaselette. " He chuckled darkly before she found herself being shoved lightly. She tittered yet regained her balance, watching with red rimmed eyes as Malfoy walked away from her, his expensive robes billowing behind him. She let the sobs consume her she fell to her knees on the library floor and wrapped her arms around her shaking body. A/N: Sooooo...? Please hit me up with any queries if you have any. I am more than eager to answer them. And what do you think is gonna happen next? Till next time, Foofs (Don't ask)