the dark lord again and what was he like. Later in the great hall In the great hall. All students are seated, and green banners with snakes on them are around the ceiling. Dumbledore, at the head table, nods to McGonagall. She dings her glass and the chatter stops. Dumbledore rises. " Another year gone. And now, as I understand it, the house cup needs awarding, and the points stand thus. In fourth place, Gryffindor with 312 points. Third place, Hufflepuff, with 352 points. In second place, Ravenclaw, with 426 points. And in first place, with 472 points, Slytherin House". There is immense cheering. " Nice one, mate!" Draco said to Harry. Ron looks over and scowls at them. " Yes, yes, well done Slytherin, well done Slytherin. However, recent events must be taken into account. And I have a few last minute points to award to Mr. Draco Malfoy for the use of cool intellect when his friend was in great peril, 50 points" The Slytherins applauded "And to Mr. Harry Potter, for the best played game of chess that Hogwarts has seen these many years...50 points and for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor house 60 points. I believe that brings Slytherin house up to 632 points a new record for Slytherin". Immense cheering erupts from the Slytherins as they pat Harry and Draco on the back All students stand and throw their hats into the air, except Ron, who smashes his down onto the table as the Gryffindors glare at him accusingly. All rub each other's hair and jump around, cheering and laughing. Harry rose and went over to Hermione and smiled "So, I didn't ask you to tag along with me. I thought that you had enough death defying for one year. Perhaps next year". Hermione through herself at him "Don't you ever scare me like that again Harry James Potter. I'm so glad that you're alive". Harry nuzzled his face into her neck and breathed in her scent "Sorry, mione" He mumbled. He released her and went over to Neville "Hey, yeh Nev". Neville smiled "Hullo, Harry. Glad your feeling better. Did you get the chocolate frogs I sent you?". Harry nodded "Yeah thanks Nev. Remember to write over the summer yeah". Neville nodded. Harry strolled up to his head of house "My gums ache sir," He told the man. Snape rolled his eyes "Then go to the hospital wing. You probably ate too much candy". Harry snorted "I need a particular potion. I smelt something really good and it set my teeth off". Snape eyes widened a fraction in alarm "I though you said, that you didn't need to-". " I know what I said and I don't. But it doesn't stop the cravings". Snape nodded in acceptance "Come with me, Mr. Potter". He gave the boy enough supply to last him a month to take only when he felt like he needed to use it "Keep your temper when your around your relatives. I know Petunia. I doubt she has changed much since I last saw her. You cannot afford to lose control and end up biting her or that cousin of yours no matter how tempting it maybe. If the need arises where you are no longer safe to be around those muggle relatives of yours for any reason. I want you to owl me, Potter". " Yes sir. Do you have a vial I want to leave you my memories of what happened down in the underground chamber. Oh, and I wasn't serious about some of the things I said to You-Know-Who. I was just trying to make him paranoid that I was going to replace him". Snape walked off to his private store and retrieve an empty vial and place his wand tip at Harry's head as he extracted the memories. Harry though in some of the memories of his own future self. Snape calling Hermione an insufferable know it all, Hermione setting fire to Professor Snape robes, Professor Snape showing up Lockhart in Duelling Club, His head of House holding his mother in his arms crying over he lifeless body. What his mother told him the night she was murdered by Voldemort. Neville's Boggart transforming into Professor Snape and then Neville's grandmother. Professor Snape threatening to dose him with veritaserum potion, Cormac McLaggen vomits on Professor Snape shoes. The moment just before Professor Snape casts his patronus charm in Dumbledore office. A hundred Dementors descend onto Harry where he uses his patronus charm. Professor Snape explaining to Harry what Occlumency is. Harry telling his son Albus Severus Potter about his head of house. Harry smiled "I'll see you next term, Professor". The outdoor train station. Students are walking around, getting in the train. " Come on now, hurry up. You'll be late. Train's leaving. Go on. Go on. Come on. Hurry up". Harry hands Hedwig to a train man, and walks to an open door of the train with Hermione. Hermione waves to Hagrid, who waves back. Hermione gets in the train. " Come on, Harry". " One minute" He walks over to Hagrid. " Thought you were leaving without saying good-bye, didja?" Hagrid takes a red album out of his coat pocket and hands it to Harry. "This is for you". Harry opens the album and sees a picture, moving, of him as a baby with his parents. They are all smiling and waving. Harry smiles. " Thanks, Hagrid" He shakes Hagrid's hand, then hugs him tightly. " Oh. Go on...on with you" Harry lets go. Harry walks away, back to the train door where Hermione and Neville are waiting. " Feels strange to be going home, doesn't it?" . " I'm not going home. Not really". The train whistles and they climb aboard. As the train starts to leave and the camera pans up over the whole scene, Harry waves out the window to Hagrid, who waves back and then waves more to other students