with it from him but his words did make sense. It wasn't she who was going to be dancing with him but her daughter, Hermione may have manners and as such respected her elders, even she got bored if it was all strictly business and so nodded slowly, it might work and so allowed it – like she said, it wasn't her who was dancing and he was far closer Hermione's age then he was her own. "Alright, Ruud " He smiled and took a step back allowing her to carry on speaking to the younger girl. "As I was saying, he's a professional dancer, having taught many people different styles over the years and it's why I have hired him to come teach you how to dance." She finished looking to the other girl who had her hands on her hips looking from one to the other, his cheerful demeanour and her expectant one before replying. "Might I ask why?" Minerva pursed her lips; the reason was a very good one. Hermione had never danced in her life. She had no idea if she were graceful or not or how her feet were – the other cause was one she couldn't say and so merely shook her head. "Just getting some life lessons, you never know when they might come in handy one day." The cryptic remark did nothing to lower the level of suspicion she had, nor did it make her mood any better. She didn't want to dance, what good was it going to do her? Was it a new lesson they had to take? Something the head added to the curriculum? If that was the case then she knew where he could stick that lesson. The same place she put Divination. Before she had chance to make a retort, the older woman clapped her hands together and took a step away from them as Hermione followed her movements back to the door where she was clearly making her exit. "Well, I think I will leave you to get started. Remember, no cheek or any smart comment's I will know." She gave her one last look before turning and closing the doors behind her. Hermione watched her go and sighed, before turning back to him. "She will you know, find out – that is, it's like a superpower of hers" He looked at her blankly for a moment before chuckling once more as he shuffled a little. "Right, well, welcome to lesson 1 of dance. The first style your Mother wanted me to teach you, was the waltz." Something that suspiciously sounded like her soul, shattered in her psyche and she closed her eyes in resigned defeat. He saw the look and let out another low chuckle in mirth before turning to the small CD player on the small table. He might have been a pureblood but he didn't in any way believe all that supremacy stuff. He liked Muggle technology, used it even when he gave lessons and so smiled as he pressed the button. So much simpler then taking out his wand and flicking the large grammar phone to life as he held out his hand for her to move into the middle of them room. Stepping up, he held out his hands for her to take which she did slowly and squeaked a bit as he pulled her closer. A slight rose tint coloured her cheeks which he smiled at but made no remark before getting into proper dancing mode. "In order to perfect the art of the waltz, you first must get to know the music. Are you ready? And one, two, three…" Pushing on the door to her room Hermione ambled in with the smallest steps she could muster without whimpering, that she thought – was torture. She had no idea what she had done to earn such a horrid punishment but the hell if it wasn't affective as she made it to her bed and just toppled over. They had danced for three hours solid, the only time they stopped was when she got thirsty or she needed to go the bathroom. Blasted slave driver, may have been pretty but he was a tyrant underneath those eyes and cheekbones… Chiselled muscles… NO – Hermione… Focus, evil remember, mean Mr. Ruud, lulling people in with his smiles and talks of being friends, she knew better. And what was worse, he was coming back! Minerva had come in just as she collapsed on the conjured sofa and nearly flipped her off when asked if she was ok. The older woman had the gall to laugh, at her, she laughed and just said if he was free the same bloody time two days from now. If that was the case for the future then she would be running away from home she knew her uncle lived at the school pretty much all year, so she could go there and pled sanctuary he wouldn't turn her down, hadn't been able to for years and so with the starts of what seemed like a good plan A in mind, she rolled over with effort and lifted herself up. She was going to get dressed into her pyjamas everything else be damned. And get some sleep, just until tea was ready, but maybe even then… Her feet and legs really were killing her, she winced as she pulled off her yoga pants and reached for the sleep ones on the other side just as she undid her shirt and pulled the night top over her head. Groping for something heavy she launched it at the wall in aim of the light. It took four goes but finally she got it on the fifth as her room was bathed in darkness and she settled into bed. Closing her eyes she would pick up what she threw later on when Crooks came in. Right now she was too busy dying to think of anything else. Hope everyone liked. :)