replied. "I am," he replied. "Which school are you representing?" she asked, somewhat annoyed by his short answer. "I'm representing Insula Dracorum," he replied. "Island of Dragons? I haven't heard of that school," she said. "It's not very well-known. I'm one of the only students," he said, chuckling to himself. Then he continued, "I have some other business to attend to, but best of luck in the tournament, Mrs. Malfoy." He smiled and extended his hand for a handshake. "How did you know my name?" she asked, shaking his hand. He looked at her curiously, then answered, "It's monogrammed on your robes." Grace blushed and looked down to where her name was indeed monogrammed below her school crest on the breast of her robes. When she looked back up, the stranger was gone. After leaving my breakfast with Mrs. Malfoy, I wandered around the alley some more in search of a wandmaker. Although I do not usually use a wand, I decided it would be prudent to have one in case I was asked about it or I needed to actually learn spells. I can usually complete tasks by manipulating my innate lightning magic, but some things require the finesse that is provided by a wand. I reached an old and dusty shop. The walls were piled high with long, slender boxes. I rang the bell at the counter and waited. After a few minutes, an old man walked up to the desk from behind what looked like a bookshelf of wands. "How may I help you?" he asked. "I find myself in need of a wand," I replied. "Of course you do sir, or else you wouldn't have come here. Have you had a wand before that you would like me to replicate, or will this be your first wand?" he asked. "This will be my first," I replied. "Very well," he said. He set a magical laserpointer to take a multitude of measurements by itself as he rummaged around his shelves. Eventually, he produced a wand that he said should get a feel for what I need. When he placed it in my hand, it shattered. "Curious, most curious," he said, and continued searching through wands. Eventually we got to a few wands which did not shatter, but none were the right one. The wand chooses the wizard, after all. Eventually, he reached a wand, which I knew would be the match before I even touched it. It was made of a dark ivory, and had spirals carved into the outside. When I grasped the wand and waved it, silver flames shot from the end. "Interesting," said the wandmaker. "Full disclosure, when I made that wand, I doubted I would ever sell it. It is made from the horn of a hungarian horntail dragon, and has a thunderbird feather core." "That is interesting. How much is it?" I asked. "Same price as any of my other wands," he said. "It is unique, but I still offer a fair price to all customers. Seven Galleons." "Thank you sir," I replied, and handed over the money. I had just one destination left in wizarding Boston before I made my way to Ilvermorny. I walked around, searching for directions, until a man stopped me and asked if I was lost. I asked him where I could find the nearest wizard blacksmith and enchanter. I promised myself when I left the Dragons' Island that I would buy a new sword upon arrival in America. Though I had multiple swords, all soulboud so I could summon them as needed, I still reveled in the novelty of acquiring a souvenir. I reached the blacksmith shop and was greeted by a blast of heat from the flaming runes used in the blacksmithing process. A stout wizard was waving his wand at a molten mass of metal, elongating it into a sword and levitating it into a large tub of a strange potion. When it came out, it was braised with a beautiful golden aura. The blacksmith then turned to me. "Can I help yeh?" he asked. "I hope so," I said, smiling. "I was hoping to acquire a souvenir for my time in Boston. I was thinking a sword would be just perfect." He looked me up and down. I was well trained in swordfighting, and my frame showed it. "A sword as a souvenir, eh?" he said. "What specifically are you looking for?" "I was thinking a one-handed longsword of some kind. I'm looking for slashing power and the ability to parry well, so something heavier would be best. Nothing extreme though, probably medium-heavy weight class and enchanted not to break or scratch. Maybe a self-cleaning enchantment if that's possible." I said. The blacksmith seemed impressed by my knowledge of magical swordmaking. "Sure thing. Yeh want to watch how I make it?" he asked. I nodded, and he began to work. He levitated a mass of bubbling metal, and cast some charms into it. Then he elongated the mass of metal and dipped it through a sequence of potions. The finished product was a long, shiny silver sword with a forest green hilt and crossguard, and gold filigree laid into parts of the crossguard and pommel. He handed it to me, saying all it needed was a name. I flipped it in the air, testing the weight. It was perfectly balanced. "Defensor," I said confidently. I paid for it and strode out of the shop. I approached the docks with my larger-on-the-inside-trunk, containing anything I might need at Ilvermorny. Someone bumped into me as I watched the waves. "So sorry," they said. I turned to be greeted by a pretty face with blond hair and blue eyes, whom I recognized as Grace Malfoy. "No harm no foul," I said. "Are you taking the ferry to Ilvermorny?" "No, I'm actually taking my family's yacht. Would you like to join me? It won't be as crowded," she replied. "Sounds great," I said. Ilvermorny here I come.