brought her out of her musings. "If you want to. I don't want to take you away from your other friends." Harry laughed at her making her wonder what she could have possibly said to warrant this reaction. "How many times do I have to say it Hermione," he said shaking his head as he gazed at her amusedly "My mates are alright and all that but I'd pick you over them any time. It's laughable that you think otherwise." It was Hermione's turn to shake her head as she looked at him incredulously. "I just don't understand why you do. I'm hardly what you would call fun… I had to just wake you up, didn't I? Why wouldn't I think you would rather choose your mates over me?" "But you are fun, don't you see? You blush at a drop of a dime and you react to everything so cutely—" "You make me sound like a pet," she mumbled, fighting not to blush. Harry smirked. "You're way cuter than any pet, Hermione. Much more clever too which makes you a hell of a lot more funner." "Funner is grammatically incorrect." she said deadpanned. Harry laughed and pointed at her. "And that! I positively love it when you do that?" he said as she just raised an eyebrow at him and grabbed onto his finger. "Are you saying you like it when I act like a swot and correct you?" Harry's grin grew slightly perverse as he gazed at her heatedly. "I love it," he purred, making a shiver travel down her spine suddenly. Despite knowing that he was teasing Hermione couldn't help the excited feelings in her stomach at his words. Her eyes fluttered as Harry reached out and trailed a finger down her check and the length of her neck. "I also love how mysterious you are and how you react only to me. I know that's very greedy of me to want you all to myself but.." Hermione slowly raised her eyes to his, feeling something deep in her respond to his words. She found the thought of his greed alluring for some reason, like if he wanted her for himself then it made it okay that she wanted him all to herself too. "Well, I guess it's lucky for you that I so happen to hate everyone but you so you can be greedy with me all you want." Harry smiled, this smile different from all the ones she'd ever seen before. It was almost— no very , sexy. She didn't even know people could smile in a sexy way until Harry did. It made her body hot all over and again that questionable feeling stirred in between her legs. She knew what it was though, now. Arousal . She felt embarrassed even just thinking the word, felt embarrassed that it could even happen to her. Yet here she was, wet and positively quivering to be touched. All from just one smile. I'm in trouble, she thought happily as Harry leaned in closer to her, his face just a hairs brush away from hers as his eyes roved her face. "Merlin, I love this too." he whispered as her eyes naturally gravitated to his lips. "You should see your face right now." Harry licked his lips and again she caught a flash of that pink wet tongue. She swallowed thickly as she looked away, back up to his eyes that stared down into her own, darker than she'd ever seen them before. "I don't want term to end. I don't want to be apart from you." Hermione suddenly confessed, overwhelmed by the heady tension surrounding them. Harry closed his eyes, taking deep breaths as he leaned his forehead against hers. When he opened them again, they were clearer than before but still intense as he dominated her vision. "Come stay with me then." Hermione's eyes widened comically. "But you're a boy," she stated dumbly, just imagining how appalled her parents would be. Harry leaned back and laughed, mumbling about how "too cute" she was under his breath. "I'm sorry but I know my parents won't let me. They'll think it horribly improper if I even ask—" "So then lie." he stated simply when he calmed, making her blanch. " Lie ! I can't do that! I'm terribly horrible at it and I'd definitely get caught and besides I hate liars and—" "Whoa, whoa. Calm down, Hermione," Harry said raising his hands to her shoulders. "It's not that hard. You just tell them that you made a new friend at Hogwarts and that you want to stay with them for a little while. There's a ton of excuses you could use as to why it would be academically beneficial for you to stay at a wizarding home." Hermione bit her lip as she considered. "And what about your parents?" She asked after a pause. "They won't mind if I come over?" A strange smile came over Harry's face then, another one that she'd never seen before but unlike before, she didn't like this smile. Not at all. "Don't worry about that. So you'll do it, right? I'd hate to not see you for two months straight." At the reminder of going two whole months without one another, Hermione's heart gave another painful lurch in her chest. She found herself nodding in her next heartbeat. "I'll try my hardest, Harry." she promised making a brilliant smile light Harry's face. "Thank you, Hermione. Strange that he's thanking me, she mused as they cleared up their table and headed down for dinner holding hands, I'm the lucky one. There's nothing to do here So just lie and complain In bed at the hospital Coming and going Asleep and awake In bed at the hospital I've got one friend Laying across from me I did not choose him He did not choose me We have no chance Of recovering Laying in hospitals Joy and misery Joy and misery Joy and misery