in her chest soothed a little under the influence of the melody. It wasn't a happy song, but it gave her enough distance from the roiling emotions on the edge of her consciousness to focus on more important pursuits. She didn't have time to panic, and she couldn't afford to break down when so much relied on her success. With the comforting strains of Pink Floyd filling her ears, Lily turned to her project of the day. She left the cosy confines of her sitting room, rounded the base of the stairs, and continued down the short hallway to the study. Cardboard boxes lay stacked in the arched entrance, overflowing with parchment, office supplies, odd instruments, and books whose threadbare, cracked spines had seen better days. The office itself, a large rectangular space featuring a dusty wooden floor, burgundy-draped windows, and dirty bell-shaped gas lamps, lay empty of other furnishing despite having quit her job ages ago. She had been putting it off its furnishing and organisation in favour of preparing her child's nursery and conducting research in a London library with an undetectably expanded bag full of books charmed to look like physics text to anyone save herself. A sweep of her left hand banished the layer of fine grey blanketing the floor, and a jab of her wand in her right cast a scouring charm at the dark-stained wood. A somewhat squeaky sound followed, leaving the floorboards gleaming in the dim light. She continued the cleaning with the lamps and curtains, until the room again looked as it had when they moved into the homey little cottage. Lily padded into the room and turned, casting a critical eye over its architecture. She worried her lower lip between her teeth while considering her options. The space needed to remain relatively open for experimentation purposes, but the books and things in the hall needed to go somewhere. She also needed a place to write. Her mum would have known what to do with the place. She always had excellent taste in furnishings and an eye for efficient design. Lily pushed the errant thought aside. A flick and swirl of her wand made the wall groan. Its surface warped and creaked, the molecules making up the wood panelling flying apart and reassembling behind the dark green wallpaper, until wall-to-wall shelves burst through to stretch from ceiling to the floor, leaving wide spaces in between. The wallpaper's ragged edge healed wherever it touched the newly formed risers. In the background, the music morphed to something funkier, full of wah-wahs, overlaid by screaming guitar, and underwritten by a faster, jazzy beat. "I hope you get my LPs," she said suddenly, directing the commentary at her baby. "If you don't, I'm sure you'll get to appreciate Floyd, anyhow. Oh-" She smiled, stepping aside to allow her books to float from their storage boxes to arrange themselves on the new shelving. "You'll love Led Zeppelin, too. Your dad took me to see them for a date one year, when we were still in school," she reminisced. "I still can't believe I let him sneak me out like that. I would have hexed him for suggesting such a thing just a couple years before that." The redhead snorted and shook her head as she turned her attention to the wall facing the study's entrance. She began transfiguring a long Murphy desk behind witch she created a recessed glass cabinet for potions ingredients and other small storage. "Imagine, your mum, Head Girl and everything, wandering around after hours to go to London in the middle of the afternoon." A high-pitched ringing sort of screech accompanied the formation of glass-fronted drawers with little round pull handles. She again stepped out of the way for the boxes sliding into the room, from which phials, jars, and beakers danced to find spots in their new home. "He got me high, too, the arsehole," she laughed. "I couldn't stop laughing, I was so loopy, and I was still gone when he apparated us back to Hogsmeade. We ended up sleeping in one of Rosmerta's rooms." "Bless her-" Lily jumped and spun, her wand pointed at the source of the voice only to find her husband leaning casually against the wall, grinning at her as mischievously as always. "It's good she was always the discreet sort," he continued, holding up a plastic sack through which the tempting label of her favourite creamery teased her. "Otherwise we would have been in loads of trouble later that morning." "Lucky she's a shameless romantic, you mean," Lily huffed. Her heartbeat slowed again, but the weight in her belly cartwheeled. "Did you get me a spoon, already?" she asked a little testily. James pushed away from the wall to lope toward her. The cold bag swung and bumped against the back of her thigh as he wrapped his arms around her waist, and she flinched away from the sensation with a glare for her husband. He continued grinning unapologetically. His hands slid from her lower back and waist up her sides, skimming the sides of her heavy breasts, over her collarbone and throat until they cupped her face between his broom-calloused palms. She felt her cheeks heat, and her eyes closed as his lips found hers. He pulled away only when both were breathless and gasping. The glint in his eyes made her abdomen clench and a shiver shoot down her spine. She took a deep, steadying breath. His eyes flicked to her chest. His grip tightened on her hips. Without another word, he bent, swung an arm under her knees and the other under her shoulders, shot a cooling and stasis spell at the ice cream, and a moment later bounded up the stairs. The rest of the study went unfinished for the evening. James held her captive in their bedroom, and she had no desire to escape from the all-consuming heat of his worshipful adoration, nor from the brief reprieve his love afforded her.