what is demanded of them. No matter if I advance it or not. If they do not possess that capacity they do not belong in our school" he said it with a tone of apparentness, and he seemed utterly convinced on the subject. It made Helga understand, now more than ever, how unlike they were from one another. "You and I are very different." She said after staring valuably on him for a while, then she glanced down and observed her own hands which were still laid upon her knee. Salazar began to smirk at her valuation, a devious smile which was as smooth and dangerous as the tone of his voice as he spoke: "Indeed we are, Helga." Helga looked up and into his eyes which rested upon her. They were grey and cold in an exclusive way, yet they still beheld some warmth somewhere, Helga could spot it deep in the core of them; beneath the surface and inside his very soul. Was it true what she was seeing or was her kind-hearted mind fooling her into believing? After a minute of silence had passed, while eyes in contact, Salazar straightened his posture and discretely cleared his throat as he looked away. "I believe it is time for me to go to my own chambers." He said and then looked at her again, now with a less penetrating gaze. "I will leave you to your sleep... and your dreams." Helga suddenly blushed lightly, she did not know why entirely. Was it the silky tone of his voice, his piercing gaze or his choice of words? She felt foolish to even be affected by such manners. What could he possibly mean by it? The woman nodded understandingly. "Yes." She said while avoiding his eyes. "Good night, Salazar." "Good night." His voice slithered its way to her ear as a snake and his words lingered in the room even after he had gone. His steps could not be heard and she wondered if he really had. Helga rose from the bed and looked out into the other room merely to make sure that he was no longer present. He was not – to her relief. Although, after she had gone into her bedchamber again and gone under her covers to sleep she felt as if he was still there. His presence lingered on. She did not want to think of him, yet she found herself unable to stop. Salazar had laid down on his own bed. His bedchamber was dark, and at this moment only merely alighted by the sea which it was surrounded by. The whole wall was a window to the surrounding scenery, he could shield it and close the view out whenever he wanted by making some large curtains cover it. The green light shone in on the man. Salazar thought of Helga, a woman he had never fully understood. Godric and Rowena he could figure out, he could understand their actions and principals – but not hers. She was so different from himself, which she had pointed out and what he had known from the moment he first met her. Although he had never thought that he would have such a hard time figuring her out. The more he dwelled on it the more obsessed he became with the thought. Should he use his skills on her? - it could be very useful for him if he attained the knowledge he felt the need of having, the need had become more urgent and desirable for him now. It was very, very tempting for him to use legilimency on her, right in this moment when she slept in her bed; When her mind was the most vulnerable. How tempting it was for him, he did not seem able to push away the thought since he did not really want to, he was restless and all alone with this thought in his bed amongst the darkness. What would he find in her mind right now? In her dreams? Salazar resisted the urge somewhat, yet his need of knowing was bigger than the belief that it was low of him to do it to the woman whom he had joined with the others, when creating a school they all cherished. They had known each other for years now, and he had never used magic on her for this particular purpose before. That was right, he never had. Perhaps a minor trespassing was not considered such big of a deal. The man closed his eyes. Slowly his mind wandered off into a bedchamber somewhere else in the castle. He easily found her, yet he hesitated before entering her mind. It felt too easy, he thought. She was by now soundly asleep and her dreams had begun to form into colourful ones. He felt a warm presence when entering her mind, slowly he became surrounded by it and he felt it grasp him gently yet it felt fully consuming. There were feelings so warm and thoughts so gentle that he had never in his lifetime felt such a presence when penetrating someone else's mind. She was fully in touch with her emotions, emotions which Salazar had put away into a dark small place in his mind where he would not be bothered by them, or he had even crushed some into oblivion. Helga's mind was fully draped in such feelings he had tried thus hard to neglect. It became too overpowering for him, too intense to survive it; he had to escape or else he felt as if he would seize to exist as emotions consumed him completely. He opened his eyes wide as he slipped out of her mind's regions. His body was sticky from cold sweat as he took a deep breath. It felt as if he had stumbled and fallen headlong down a cliff. Shocked, he sat up in his bed and swallowed hard as he felt utmost confused by what had happened - he could not understand.