her through the horrible institution. "You and half of Wizarding Britain," she replied through lightly clenched teeth. She might see the compliment in the statement, if not for the overwhelmingly insulting notion that housed it. They continued the rest of the way in silence. She tried hard to ignore the occasionally brushes of cold and sorrow that flitted through her whenever they past a patrolling Dementor, though, the sting of Voldemort's tight, bony grasp on her wrist was a marvelous distraction. To the Warden's office, she was dragged along. Through the door, and past the desk of a man who she swore must be the product of Kreacher bedding a female troll. "My Lord," he said with a bow of his head as he opened an ancient and cracked ledger in front of him. With a wave of his wand, he turned the pages, before lifting his quill in gnarled fingers to make a notation. "Hermione Granger . . . . Won't be sorry to see this one go." Voldemort did not join the man-creature in his chuckling. "I gathered. Her reputation quite precedes her." The fearsome Dark Lord's bored tone almost made Hermione laugh. Apparently, even he could get irritated with lame jokes from wizards desperate to ingratiate themselves. Though, she was certain that had more to do with the lame joke, and less the ingratiating wizards. There was almost nothing he seemed to like more than people groveling for his attention, after all. That, and she was pretty sure this increasingly dire and very real predicament from which she could not escape might have caused her to go a touch loopy. Voldemort activated the Floo in the hearth, stepping through He yanked Hermione so hard to follow that she stumbled across the threshold between the linked fireplaces. She managed to stop herself from colliding with him by a hair's breadth. The luxurious office she found herself in could only be the office of the Minister of Magic. But the dark, twisted feel of that luxury told her one thing—the creature tugging her on hurried footfalls through the room had taken that post for himself. Not that she was much surprised—why waste time pulling a puppet's strings when puppets could fail you. As they barreled out the door and along through the main floor of the Ministry, everyone who saw the serpentine wizard coming their way backpedaled and bowed their heads. Some went the extra mile and gave deep, sweeping gestures of fealty. No one seemed to care, or even pay mind, to the witch he was dragging behind him. She could only guess this wasn't the first such spectacle they'd witnessed. If they weren't in such a rush, she might have the presence of mind to roll her eyes. She also refused to pay too much attention to her surroundings; Hermione was certain she did not want to note the changes Voldemort's reign had brought to the Ministry's once bright and gleaming interior. It wasn't long before she recognized the path along which he pulled her. She was being taken to the Wizengamot chamber. The reality of her situation settled on her once again, making it difficult for her to breath. The well-fitted dress suddenly strangling and confining; every other sound died away as her own footfalls and the beat of her heart pounded in her ears. She could feel the weight of the air pressing against her skin. Two wizards stationed outside the chambers opened the doors for them. She was startled, but oddly relieved to see that there was no audience for this travesty. Yet, at the front of the chamber, she spied a familiar head of pale-blond hair. She gave a start as she met the familiar grey eyes of Draco Malfoy. He mirrored her reaction at the sight of her, immediately shaking his head. His eyes wide, he pointed to himself and mouthed the word witness. Then, he nodded to one side of the chamber. As they reached the center of the floor, Voldemort finally relinquished his grip on her wrist. "Do not move," he said as left her to move unto the dais and continued on, seating himself at the Minister's bench. Clasping her hands tight to keep herself from fidgeting, she finally made herself look to place in the grand chamber Draco had indicated. Thorfinn Rowle and Antonin Dolohov stared back at her. She couldn't stop the startled gasp that choked out of her as she backpedaled, nearly stumbling over her own two feet. Antonin Dolohov—the man she'd had nightmares about chasing her through the Hall of Prophecy, the man whose mysterious attack spell had nearly taken her life at sixteen years old—winced at her reaction. Odd, but it could not register on her, just now. Thorfinn, who'd been an absolute menace to her during her first year and his seventh, who she last remembered tossing her over his shoulder to bring her to Azkaban, scowled unpleasantly. Raking a hand through his long, golden hair, he shook his head. "We're not any happier about this than you are, Princess." Hermione tried to control her breathing, tried not to panic as she thought back. She'd been so sure she'd misheard Voldemort, so she'd written of that one word that shouldn't have been pluralized, yet had been. Not to worry, dear. You will meet your grooms when we reach the Ministry. Blinking hard to keep tears of shock and rage and, yes, even fright, in her eyes where they bloody well belonged, she turned her gaze on Voldemort as she fought to breathe. That smarmy grin from earlier had returned to twist his lips, and she realized . . . . This was the reaction he'd wanted to see from her. * personal assertion, not necessarily canon, as there is no mention of out-of-wedlock births to be found (you'd figure if anyone would be a bastard , it would be Voldie, but even his parents were hitched [despite the less-than-favorable circumstances of said hitching]).