the corner of the room but not really seeing it. He simply started into recollecting his past and thinking about what might have been. But he broke himself from his reverie and began to speak again. "They were also some of my best friends. I would have gladly given my life for them. And they would have done so for me… There you have it though. That is why people look at you like that. Because you have the legacy greatest witch and wizard of a generation and also of destroying the most powerful Dark Sorcerer of the age." Harry sat in stunned silence. The cigarette was still smoking from where it lay in between his fingers. He thought about it. More responsibility on his shoulders. But wasn't that part of it? If he wanted revenge for himself why not take revenge for everyone else. What would people expect of him? "Don't let that get to you though." Lupin said as he stepped out from behind the door. "What do you mean?" Harry asked surprised by this sudden entrance. "Your parents did have their faults. Don't look at me like that Sirius. He deserves to know." Lupin said as Sirius glared at him. "Harry your parents were amazing people. But do not think that them and the Order were the best people during the war. We committed numerous atrocities in the name of freedom. We could not shy away from violence. We had to stand and fight. Somethings we had to do out of necessity. I will not elaborate but know that war brings out the darkest demons in all of us." Harry nodded. He sat in silence slowly drawing on his cigarette thinking about what Sirius and Lupin had told him. The day they left for Hogwarts was the same level of chaos and confusion as it always was. Quickly things were packed and last minute possessions were thrown hastily into large trunks. Harry was pretty much packed and ready to go. He dodged the Twin's trunks as they hurtled down the stairs and winced as he heard someone yelp on the bottom landing. Finally the group was ready and they managed to file out the door. On the street outside they ran into Tonks who was standing on the sidewalk with bright blonde hair. She tossed her cigarette and fell into step next to them. After a few moments they heard a door open and then a series of loud barks as a big shaggy black dog charged out after them. Harry laughed as the dog jumped onto Harry before running in circles, trying to catch its own tale. Molly hissed something at Sirius who simply barked at her and continued frollicking. She rolled her eyes and kept on walking. When they reached the next street Molly stuck out her wand arm and with a bang a large purple bus popped into existence in front of them. The bus ride was chaotic as always. Harry watched Sirius play around on the bus while he sat laughing. This was the first time Sirius had gotten out of the house in months. It was freedom for Sirius. The large dog yapped at passengers and laid its head on Harry's knee. Getting through the station was no problem. They reached Platform 9 ¾ and slid through the barrier as muggles on either side of them looked right by. Harry, Ron, Hermione, hurried onto the train with their trunks and quickly found an empty compartment. They stowed their luggage before returning to the platform. Students everywhere were saying goodbye to their parents and relatives. Harry spotted Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan, their fellow Gryffindors, as well as Angelina Johnson and Katie Bell. Several people waved to him but the majority of people stared and whispered behind their hands. Harry ignored them. He knew what they were saying. He held his head high and kept walking. He saw the black dog off to the side of the group. It turned around and walked into a waiting room near the platform. "I'll catch up with you guys… Go on." Harry said and followed the dog into the room. As Harry closed the door behind him, Sirius transformed back into human form and waved his wand at the door, locking it. "I had to see you off. I couldn't let you go without a proper goodbye. And some advice." Sirius said reaching out for Harry and pulling him into a hug. They stood there for a few moments. Finally Sirius released him but kept his hand on Harry's shoulder. "This is going to be a tough year. Write to me. I'm here if you need me." He said. Harry nodded without speaking. There was a lump in his throat. "I wanted to give you something. It belonged to your father. He gave it to me a few nights before he died because he told me I needed it more than him. I left it in a safe house after his death. I picked it up when I stopped there on my travels." Sirius said. From his pocket he pulled out a muggle lighter. It was scratched and battered. On one side it was perfectly smooth. On the other was an engraving. It read: The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death. "Why this engraving?" Harry asked. "I don't know. Your dad never told me." Sirius replied, shrugging his shoulders. Harry stood there for a moment turning the lighter over and over. He flicked the lighter open and sparked it. It lit up. "You will never have to care for it. The lighter will always burn. Unless it's destroyed. But your dad layered enough enchantments on it that most things won't destroy it. Only scar it." "Thanks, Sirius." Harry said pulling his godfather into a hug. They heard the whistle from the train. Harry looked up at Sirius. "What advice did you have for me?" he asked. Sirius smirked. "Give them hell." End Chapter 1