about a mile, so when you think you're far enough, Disapparate. Anywhere far from here." Hermione nodded. "Thank you, Ryan." Nodding, he granted her a quick, charming grin before he darted back into the pub. She tried to breathe, slow and deep between numbers as she counted. Tried to calm herself and center, focus on nothing else but running. And going left. With trembling fingers, she withdrew Bellatrix's awful wand from its hiding place. " . . . Sixty." Before she knew it, her legs were moving, carrying her down the other side of the alley. Despite the rush of the wind and her own pulse pounding in her ears, she could hear some type of commotion from the front of the pub. For a brief, glimmering moment, she thought her escape went unnoticed. "Someone's in the alley!" She definitely heard the sound of heavy, rushed footfalls moving after her, then. Hermione took the first left, and the next and the next. All the while, her pursuer kept pace. Her stomach lurched as she ran, but she couldn't stop. At this rate, she was never going to shake them. And she didn't have the strength to run hard like this very long. A few more lefts and she wasn't certain she was putting any distance between them, at all. Her mind whirled into action as she listened to the footsteps behind her. They took the turns after she did, they had clearly worked out the brilliant Go Left scheme. Ryan had all but begged her to keep moving left, but they were going to catch her at this rate. At the next opening, she shot right. In the alley she turned down, an open doorway beckoned. Dark and quiet as she neared it, she bolted inside. Before she even caught her breath, she eased the door closed. She didn't hear any footfalls. Just barely managing to keep her meal in her stomach, her legs gave out from under her and she found herself sitting on the floor. Hermione had no idea where she was—the back of a shop, some Muggle's basement, didn't matter—it was dark, and it was quiet, and she couldn't hear anyone coming for her. At the moment, that was all that mattered. As the adrenaline drained from her system, her weariness combined quickly with the simple, wonderful fact that it was warmer here than in her miserable tent. Before she could realize what was happening and snap herself awake, her head had dropped onto her knees and she drifted into a fitful slumber. Thorfinn couldn't help a triumphant smirk as he carried the dozing witch from her hiding place. He couldn't help but find the situation wildly amusing after all those times she'd caught him in inappropriate situations during his last year at Hogwarts, and her first. Honestly, ever since she'd stumbled over him getting sucked off in the library, it seemed the little bitch had set out to catch him every bloody time he got up to anything with some pretty, willing witch at school. She'd made his last year hell . But none of that came close to the incident in the Muggle café. He didn't think he or Dolohov would treat memory charms as flippant things, ever again, thanks to her. Not when the only way to break them was excruciating suffering. Oh, but the look on her face when she woke to realize her predicament. . . . That was going to be good . Hermione was warm. And oddly comfortable. The unfamiliar sensations almost made her want to snuggle up and drift into a deeper sleep. Yet, just how unfamiliar those sensations were startled her awake. The first thing she saw upon opening her eyes was strands of golden hair. With a confused frown, she followed the locks up to the face above her. The blue eyes of Thorfinn Rowle glanced down to meet hers a moment. "Morning, Princess." The shock of realizing that comfort had been the Death Eater carrying her against his chest set her off. She kicked and shifted, struggling in his embrace. He tsked, moving her in his arms to toss her over his shoulder. Runcorn snickered as he walked beside him. Angered by her new, vulnerable position, Hermione scowled. "You must be joking!" Her wand was gone, they'd obviously snatched it up when they grabbed her. "Behave yourself, and I won't make this anymore embarrassing for you. A courtesy I don't recall you ever showing me." "A courtesy—? I assure you, there is nothing more embarrassing than being carried over some hulking wizard's shoulder like a sack of potatoes!" Again, Runcorn snickered. "She's certainly a chatty thing." Brows lifting, Thorfinn nodded. "You wanna bet, Princess?" Hermione uttered a small growl-like sound in the back of her throat. "And stop calling me—" Her words were cut short by one, large hand swatting her bum. The surprised squeak that came out of the witch amused the Death Eaters a great deal. "Oh, just hand me over to your Dark Lord, already, and let him kill me." She was hardly welcoming death, but she didn't understand the delay. And really, wasn't it better than being subject to the whims of these two? "Hand you over?" She was jostled carelessly as Thorfinn pulled her back over his shoulder. His hands under her arms, he held her up so they were eye-level. Hermione forced a gulp down her throat—she didn't have to look to know her toes dangled several inches above ground. Thorfinn Rowle grinned, the expression a bit feral as he held her gaze. "You're not getting handed over." Somehow, the idea of not dying at the hands of Voldemort had never seemed so dismal. "Then what—?" "Suppose this news is going to be a bit of a shock for you, Princess, but . . . ." He let his gaze rove over her features for a quick moment before returning his attention to the feisty witch's eyes. "I own you."