Louis more or less walked holding his stomach while laughing uncontrollably. "Oye,I'm glad our circumstance gives ye a kick ya twit" Rory groaned as Louis whipped the tear from his eye and helped Rory up,much to his surprise, Elliot was helped up by Carter who had ran up once he saw who had collided. "Oh haha Rory,it does haha it really does" Louis said trying not to laugh,doing a horrible job,Carter picked up Rory's hat and handed it to him "many thanks,Caster" Rory said tipping his hat. "Now why the bloody hell were ya in such a dam hurry?!" Rory yelled into Elliot's ear holding him by the collar,Charlotte grinned before biting Rory's back he started to laugh "I was wondering when ya were gonna show your loony face, Galloway" he said laughing hugging the girl. She commandeered his hat putting it on her head backwards,she shrugged "Well I thought it would be better if I hung with Amelia a bit, I mean after Elliot's sorting there was a lot of juicy gossip I wanted to hear" she said before noticing a swift Blackledge try to tackle her. "They don't need to know about our privet conversation!" Amelia said red faced trying to Rangel her more agile friend,it was rather amusing seeing Amelia try to run down Charlotte who had more fun teasing her with phrases like "what? They can't know the good bits?" Or "oh come on,their gonna find out eventually". Laughing to himself,Rory put his elbow on his shoulder leaning on him "Sooo,you were hanging out with those two?" He said raising his eyebrows in a stupid way that accused him of doing something sinful,while Louis mirrored what Rory did but on his right "Also,how'd you're date go? You were gone for a while" Louis added with a stupid grin glued to his face. "I'd rather not talk about it, now can we just play Quodpot?" Elliot groaned shaking loose their elbows before completely unknotting his tie and untucking his shirt from his black dress pants. Louis laughed "we'd better wait for John,the lad loved playing the game, however the same can't be said for Rory though" Louis said while giving Rory a sly grin. Rory hissed "oh shut it ya git, the game makes as much sense as Galloway and Amelia being best mates" he said crossing his arms. The sounds of Blackledge trying to capture Charlotte soon came to a halt when Rory made his comment, she griped Elliot's guitar slightly the tension in the strings caused by this made them glow dimly. She turned it up-side-down and held it like a battle ax as she took a few steps towards Rory "Wooooah, now the guitar didn't do anything" Elliot said trying to calm Amelia by slowly reaching at it taking vary slow steps in a wide stance almost like the movement of a crab. She winded up as if she were about to strike when Charlotte exclaimed "Oye! Is that what all the girls were going crazy for?!" She asked or rather screamed as she pointed at Elliot's guitar. Taking this opportunity Elliot slowly reached for the instrument and took it away from Amelia who looked at charlotte with a confused expression "yes, remember when I got up from our compartment? That's when I told this Pratt and MacAlister to keep it down." She said as Charlotte put her right palm to her face and groaned,Elliot confused slowly walked away letting the two girls sort it out themselves. Rejoining Rory and Louis he asked "so, how was the game?" Rory rolled his eyes "We played with teams of five,not every one participated." Louis said pointing to some new Pukwudgies more interested in a news paper that's front page said "Chuddly Cannons take down Landover in improbable come from behind victory". Rory groaned "The whole game was terrible, not to mention the bloody bloke who checked me while I wasn't looking" he said narrowing his eyes at Louis who whistled looking away from the Irishmen. Laughing to himself Louis pointed at the pair of Horned Serpents walking towards them "I wanna hear a tone!" Charlotte screamed as Amelia slapped her hand to her forehead. Rory chuckled ,clapping his hands "Well go one Stoneguard,we got time till John returns with a nurse" he said talking a seat on the lowest row of the bleachers. Sighing,Elliot smiled "Okay,alright I brought the thing to play In-between matches anyhow" he said taking a seat next to Rory resting the instrument on his thigh. Charlotte clapped her hands sitting next to Elliot, it still came as a surprise to him as to how on earth someone like Charlotte could be this close to Amelia. Choosing to save his questions for another time Elliot cleared his throat, strumming a cheerful chord combination by hand rather than with a pick. "Wake up Maggie! I think I got somethin to say to you! It's late September and I really should be back at school, I know I keep you amused…But I feel I'm being MAGGIE I couldn't try any mooore" Elliot sang tapping his foot to a beat while Rory began tapping and hitting the wood on the bench adding to the rhythm. Louis started a clap to the rhythm and quickly got Charlotte and a few other Pukwudgie to join along as Elliot continued with his ballad "you leave me away from home, just to save you from being alone. You stole my heart and that's what really hurts.". The song went on with everyone having fun singing,surprisingly Amelia as well, though it took some persuading from a malevolent Charlotte. Once Rod Stewart's ballad was over Elliot let off one more strum letting the final note fade out before being confronted by a polite applause from the gang. Charlotte clapped the loudest whistling "Now why did you want him to stop? He's amazing!" Charlotte asked or rather yelled at Amelia who groaned "Oh shut up you were getting annoyed too!" He yelled back.