Harry!" "Quiet, Potter." The women continued to glare, tension rising by the second, but the stalemate was abruptly broken by Harry shoving his wand from his hand and diving under the bench. " Hit the deck!" The walk down from the Headmaster's office was tense. Professor Umbridge, her pink blouse still covered in the mysterious blue paint that had erupted from Harry's runaway spell, had stayed just long enough in the doorway to level a glare at both him and Hermione that sufficiently described the oncoming doom facing them in the future. Hermione, helping no one, had also seen fit to ask Professor Umbridge to walk down the stairs faster, lest they waste more daylight. So, yeah. Tense. "One week should work adequately." The brunette witch declared as the duo made their way down the corridor. "I was hoping he would spring for two, but I suppose we shouldn't question providence. We'll need to get started as soon as possible. If we can be gone before tomorrow ni -" With a sharp glare, Hermione gave Harry a quick elbow in the ribs. "Are you listening to me?" "Of course, dammit." Harry barked back, flinching away from the witch. "I'm just…thinking." "Heavens," Hermione said, sarcasm dripping from her words. "God forbid you think and listen to me at the same time. What on earth about?" "You think he figured it out?" Harry asked, stretching his arms behind his head as the two returned to the common room. Hermione, her nose buried in a notebook, shook her head. "Not likely." She idly noted, "He's rarely that discrete when he does." "Suspicious, at least?" Hermione rolled her eyes with an exasperated sigh. "When is he not suspicious?" she countered, "And why are you being so jumpy about this?" Harry stretched as they rounded a corner, shaking out his arms anxiously. "I'm always restless when we start." "It's exhausting." Harry grinned cheekily. "Well take a nap, then." Hermione snorted, flipping a page in her notebook. "Oh? And I suppose while I'm napping, you want to be the one to finish these calculations?" Harry didn't have a comeback, opting instead to make a series of strained, gagging noises at the prospect. Hermione gave a triumphant smirk. "I didn't think so." "Feh," Harry waved a hand dismissively, his wand suddenly snapping into his palm and twirling effortlessly between his fingers. "But, we'll be ready to go tomorrow?" "Should be," Hermione said thoughtfully, "There are a few things we won't be able to do until we get out of England, but nothing too major outside of stopping by Gringotts..." Harry groaned, dragging his feet. "Gringotts?" he bemoaned, pitifully. "Do we have to? "Oh, stop your wining." The witch snapped, "You know it won't take long." "Just please tell me it's only my vault." Hermione didn't respond, and Harry gave an additional groan. "Really?" he begged. Hermione's voice held no pity for Harry's complaints. "Not unless you want second rate transportations options." She snapped, "Because I am certainly not riding coach." Harry gave a scowl, begrudgingly conceding to the witch's logic. "Fine." He spat quickly, "But we're in an out. I'm not going to let them freak out again." At this, Hermione adopted a pitying look, reaching a hand over and rubbing her companion's shoulders. "Poor Harry," she said slowly, "I'll protect you from the big, bad, greedy, goblins." Harry shot his accomplice a withering glare. "You're not the one they bloody fixate on." He snapped. "They take one look at that vault and spend the rest of the time giving me that creepy goblin-smile that makes me think they're going to eat my skin." "Wittle Harry," Hermione consoled dramatically. "Overwhelming wealth must be such a burden for you." "Spare me your pity, witch." Harry snapped, but his brooding only pushed Hermione into full blown giggles at his misery. He prepared a scathing remark, but was suddenly cut short by a call from behind. "Harry!" came the unmistakably timid voice of Neville Longbottom as he rushed up the stairwell to catch the two. "Hey, Nev." Harry responded warmly, "What's up?" Neville, slightly out of breath from attempting to catch up, fidgeted awkwardly. "Did you talk to Ron today?" he blurted out, immediately backtracking from such a forward burst. "I just, he had been looking for you and Hermione but I still haven't seen her and I just wanted to be sure. I told him you went to the Great Hall but I just didn't- " Harry laughed brightly, saving his friend's derailing train of confidence. "Ron? Oh, yes! I talked to him earlier today in the Great Hall. Thanks for that!" Neville beamed, happy to have been of help. "Good!" he said, a little more loudly than he intended. "Was Hermione with you? I still haven't seen her, yet." "I'm right here, Neville." Neville blinked, his eyes suddenly turning to the dark-skinned witch standing next to Harry. "Her—" Neville began to stutter around the first syllable of Hermione's name as his brain seemed to fizzle in confusion. Hermione, with a slight laugh, offered Neville a warm smile before turning and tapping her pencil to her paper, silently telling Harry they needed to carry on. Nodding in understanding, Harry clasped his arms on Neville's shoulders and gave his friend a smile. "Ah, well listen. Great to see you, Neville." Harry said happily. "When we get back from suspension, we absolutely should hang out sometime!" With one final grin, Harry patted Neville's shoulders and turned away, he and Hermione quickly rounding up a nearby staircase and disappearing around a corner. "Her—Her—" Neville froze as head tilted in utter bewilderment. His face, if possible, became even more confused. " Suspension!?" When it rains, it pours. This seems fun. I look forward to y'all's feedback. Pardon the typos, engineering's the game, not grammar. None of my personal friends know I write fanfiction, so it's difficult for me to ask people to proof read. My apologies if it's too egregious! Thanks for reading!