up with the Headmistress. I can assure you that Minerva McGonagall does not play favorites and would not have hired me if she did not believe me competent enough to hold this position." "You don't sound like Harry! Where the bloody 'ell have you been for the past two years?" Seamus yelled from his place next to Dean. Harry blinked and his nostrils flared. Seamus, Dean, and most of the Gryffindor seventh years looked around with wary expectation. That expression on Harry's face usually meant involuntary magic, but the lights didn't flicker, the windows didn't rattle, and nothing exploded. "Seamus, I have been fighting the war. You were expecting an outburst of my wild magic. I can see it in your face. If I was as undisciplined now as I was the last time you saw me, we would all likely be dead. Or living under the rule of the Dark Lord. We are not. I have spent the last two years, slowly and steadily winning this war. With the help of many, many others. I cannot give you much more detail than that. I don't sound like I used to? I am not who I used to be. Being on active duty at the center of a war for two full years without reprieve changes you. I am not who I was, but I would not change who I am. The boy I was when Hogwarts closed could not have done what needed doing. So, no. I don't sound the same. I don't act the same. I am not the same. Because that is what war does." "Well said, Harry." Minerva said, as Harry retook his seat. "I ask you to refrain from anymore questions tonight. There will be more than enough time tomorrow. Voldemort is dead, that particular threat has passed, but for those who fought on the front lines, the war is not over yet and might never be." She paused and took a breath. "Now, for those new to Hogwarts…" Harry let the sound of her voice wash over him without really taking any of it in. When the food appeared on the table, he let the noise of dinner cover the sound of his voice. "Was I so out of control back then, that such a small comment would have triggered me?" Severus snorted. "Yes." Harry exhaled slowly. He truly was a different person now. He hardly remembered how to react as he had before the war began in earnest. So much had happened. The boy he'd been didn't seem to matter now. Someone at one of the student tables dropped something and it shattered. Harry flinched hard, fists clenched on the table top, and fought the need to draw his wand. Severus cut his dark gaze sideways at him, face blank and no doubt hiding concern. "Harry, you need to get that under control." Harry was quiet for a moment, just breathing, before he pointedly loosened his fists and relaxed. "I realize." He swallowed. "I just…It hasn't been so very long. And Minerva was right. It's not over yet." Severus nodded once and let his eyes slide back to his food. The rest of the meal passed in relative quiet. They were far enough from the students that the muted din of their conversation never resolved into actual words. Harry himself was too busy dreading the end of the meal and Severus could never have been described as talkative. The Headmistress was busy talking to Aurora, who was, as Deputy Headmistress, seated on her other side. Once the meal was finished, Minerva stood again to give another set of instructions, this time to the first years. Harry ignored them. "So," he said conversationally, pushing back his chair. "How long do I have before Ron, Ginny, and Hermione accost me and demand answers?" Severus eyed the students in question for a moment before turning back to Harry. "Five minutes, if you wish to be optimistic. Likely considerably less." Harry sighed, standing and turning to lean against the table. "Can I come hid in your rooms?" Severus snorted. "No, you may not. But I will accompany you to your own, if you wish." Harry grinned, feeling a measure of the tension in him recede. Even if he and Severus were no longer what he wanted them to be, it did not mean that the man was any less his friend. "You just don't want me giving things away." Severus sighed dramatically. "You think so little of me." Harry laughed, which had probably been Severus' intention. "I should have figured this out before. I just…I didn't want to think about it. What exactly should I tell them?" "You should tell us what you think you're doing and where you've been for the past two years." Hermione's voice said tightly from somewhere over his left shoulder. Harry tensed automatically and couldn't overcome his instincts this time. His wand dropped out of its holster into his hand before he realized that he'd even moved. Severus's hand darted out and snagged his wrist, bringing his attention to it. Harry took a deep breath, re-holstered the weapon. Severus gently released him. Harry exhaled and deliberately shook away the visible tension in his shoulders, turning. Ginny, Neville, Luna, Cho, Fred, George, Ron, and Hermione were all clustered in front of the High Table, gaping at Severus. Harry smiled tightly. "I'm sorry. It's really not a good idea to come up behind me like that. Severus was just attempting to prevent…an incident. I tend to curse first and ask questions later. Souvenir of the war." Hermione shook away the shock first. "Thank you, then, Professor Snape. Harry, I want an explanation." Harry's smile didn't falter, but he ground his teeth. "You'll get at least some of one. Why don't we all have a chat in my rooms? Severus?" "Lead on." Harry smiled down at him. "Thanks." Severus stood and followed Harry out of the Great Hall. Harry's friends trailed behind, mouths agape again.