he turned around to walk in the direction of the irate monster. Dumbledore could clearly see the dragon's building breath, due to the red glow blooming from its stomach. The Elder wand thrust into the air, a powerful cooling spell on the tip of Albus's tongue, when a bright and charming voice boomed across the space. "We come in peace! Great master of the mountain! We come in peace!" Both Headmaster and dragon whipped their heads towards the voice, the dragon causing a large whip like crack in the air. "Great master of the mountain!" Hagrid practically roared, "you need not fear a visit from us!" "Rubeus!" Dumbledore hissed to himself, hoping Hagrid would somehow hear his voice "you'll get yourself killed!" there was no way he could communicate to Hagrid to retreat or hide now, and shouting would draw the attention of the dragon back to him. " And why is that, giant? " The Headmaster's head was practically on a swivel, because it instantly spun back to the dragon, looking down his half moon spectacles in shock. Hagrid was still slowly approaching the dragon, who still had its eyes narrowed on the groundskeeper, but the glow of fire had disappeared. "Only half! On me mother's side!" Hagrid boomed back happily, his face and walk the epitome of calm, "But to answer your question, great master! We're looking for something far more precious to us than gold!" The dragon snorted, striding across the gold on all fours towards Hagrid. It stopped just before him to inspect him with its head still held in the air imperiously. " More precious than gold… I do not believe in such a thing " it said in contempt, but with a lack of venom. "Aye, to you great master, it should have little value" Hagrid bowed, "but to myself and my companions, it means a great deal" The snout of the dragon moved right in front of Hagrid, who was standing off to one side of the path, suspended a good 50 meters into the air above a sea of gold. It was face to face with the creature that Hagrid could see the only wound on the immaculate dragonhide. To the giant, if a creature like this had survived the full wrath of Gringotts magic and support, than there was little out in the known world that could cause such a large scar on its head. " Tell me of this treasure half giant, and if it means as little to me as you say, keep it !" Hagrid did not skip a beat before his humble request. "We're looking for a child. A boy of dear friends. Our magic and spells led us to this location" Only the sound of the dragons breath permeated the chamber. It cocked its head sideways, eye's slowly moving out of the scowl. " You " a claw rose up slowly to gesture at Hagrid, then Dumbledore, " and them " the claw swept across the chamber to where the others were, " are here for the boy ?" It was at this point that Dumbledore's brain became very clear. The facts as it were: Harry is in the mountain. Harry is in the largest pile. Harry is still alive. The Dragon knows about Harry. The Dragon has been here a very long time. The Dragon does not take kindly to wizards. The Dragon is very powerful. And of course the two facts which sealed the deal. "Green eyes and a lightning bolt scar" Dumbledore gasped at the implications, he quickly strode to Hagrid, who was still conversing with the fantastic beast. "So you 'ave heard of him? He's a short boy, black hair, and a great big ruddy scar on his-" "Head" Albus finished, apparating next to Hagrid. The dragon didn't even seem to react to Dumbledore, aside from its gaze shifting slightly to him then back to Hagrid. " And why do you want the boy, half giant? " "Well uh, I think it best for professor Dumbledore to explain" Hagrid stepped aside, to forcibly move the proverbial spotlight to Albus. "The young boy, Harry Potter" Albus stressed the name, and enjoyed how the green eyes of the dragon twitched, "has recently been deemed of age, to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. We would appreciate it, if dear Harry would attend the very same school that his parents went to. He belongs back in the community with his own people" The silver grey highlights under the dragon's' eyes crinkled in a frustrated twitch. " You must think you're so smart " the dragon bit back rather rudely, and seemingly… childish. Dumbledore gave the great beast a slight smile, his eyes twinkling like mad. "Turn back to normal, and then could we please talk" Everyone in the space blinked aside from Albus and the dragon. " Fine " And the body began to shrink. With a small leap, the now smaller figure landed on the stone walkway, crooked glasses forming out of its white indications under its eyes. Long matted black hair dominated its head, but the ever famous lightning bolt scar was still visible on the boy's forehead. Harry Potter had his arms crossed with a scowl across his eleven year old face. "What do you want to talk about?" the boy almost snarled, his lip curling as he spoke. "Many, many things" Dumbledore smiled. Somewhere a few hundred meters away, McGonagall fainted. To those that follow me: So yeah, this is my first update in awhile. I know I've probably pissed off more than a few of you. However with this post comes the promise of more free time. I've finally graduated, got my grades, have my gap year planned, and I'm looking towards a very positive holiday! So expect to see updates to my main three stories on this account, Strength, Seal Master and probably Apex. This is Freedom, all grown up and having a swell 4am. Peace out :D