emeralds, full of power and ambition. Mcgonagal could only gape at boy as he finally noticed her and raised an eyebrow at her attire. "And who are you Miss?" he asked. There was a sigh from Petunia, drawing Harry's attention. "She's here to talk to you." She began. "She's…." And there was a noticeable hesitation in her tone but she pressed on. "She's like you." The silence that followed was a lot more oppressive than it should have been. Harry and his cousin both suddenly pierced her with their stares. They were inquisitive, a million questions already swimming in their gazes. Then the moment was over and Harry's face transformed into a look of confusion. "You said she's like me?" Before Petunia could answer, Mcgonagal took the liberty to explain instead. "Mister Potter," she began, ignoring petunia's outraged glare. "My name is Minerva Mcgonagal. It is as your aunt has said. I am like you. I am a witch. And I have come to personally escort you to get your school supplies. If you woul- "eh!? Wait, wait back up! What was that you said about being a witch?!" "Huh? But you just aparated! How do you not…?" She turned an accusatory glare upon the dursleys. Vernon shrugged. "Hey we knew what the boy was. It does not mean we had to tell him." Mcgonagal was scandalized, and went to show the Dursleys just what she thought of this whole mess. "W-What kind of irresponsible-!" Only to be interrupted by the muggle boy. "I knew it!" he yelled almost at the top of his lungs, pure joy radiating off of him as he turned a suddenly smug look upon his cousin. "I knew you weren't all that special! Hah!" Harry was suddenly in his cousin's face, magic swirling around him and a very disturbingly haughty, superior look formed on his face, causing Mcgonagal to barely with hold a gasp of horror. She recognized that look. But to see it on the face of the boy-who-lived?! "Special or not, dear Duddy-kins," began Harry, his voice just oozing superiority. "I'm still leagues above you in the evolutionary ladder. In fact, I would say that the fact that more people like me exist is absolute proof of this." It was like a stab to the heart, hearing Harry bloody Potter spouting of the same sort of nonsense a pureblood supremacist would spit out. She turned a scandalized look to the Dursleys. How the bloody hell did this happen?! But then something else happened to shock her motionless. Dudley, instead of being cowed by Harry's display of magic, actually stepped closer to his cousin, his face showing an equal amount of the self-assured superiority. "Your "witchcraft" is a crutch, a tool you evolved to assist you because your kind was too weak to survive on its own without it. Evolution my butt, you're nothing but prey with a fancy self-defense system specifically designed to keep my kind at bay, lest we sweep you away." He reached into his pockets and pulled out a handful of marble looking spheres holding them in between his fingers with a grin. "I mean, the fact that your kind is in hiding is proof of THAT fact." Harry's smug look grew more intense as he pressed his forehead into his cousins belligerently, his eyes actually beginning to glow. But by this point, Mcgonagal was already glaring towards the Dursleys who had looks upon their faces that she couldn't quite place. She couldn't form the words to voice her absolute shock, horror and the numerous other emotions the last several minutes had envoked. Petunia seemed to sense this and gave a deep sigh. "So there you have it," she said, while gesturing to the bickering boys. "THIS is what we've dealt with for the last few years. This is the sum of the relationship between dudderkins and Harry." "A constant argument as to which is better," muttered Vernon. Mcgonangal was forced to look at the boys again as Harry's magic pulsated and the boy abruptly apparated to the end of the room to the doorway linking the kitchen and the living room, barely avoiding Dudley's thrown marbles, which exploded into a bright yellow cloud of gas. She had no time to react as Vernon and Petunia exploded into motion, moving even faster and more graceful than they had in the yard, Vernon snatching the befuddled witch by the waist as he dodged the gas cloud and weaved under and over trip wires, Petunia close behind. It all happened in a blur to her. The environment seemed to fade away into indistinguishable shapes and colors for a second as she was pulled along, before, with a blink, she realized she was in the dining room. Before she could gather her wits about her, Petunia spoke. "A never ending bid to outdo one another," she said with an indulgent sigh. "A constant contest to see which is better…" "Magic," said Vernon with just a barest hint of hostility as he pierced Mcgonagal with his eyes. "Or science," finished Petunia. The slightly frustrated yet energetic cries of conflict echoed through the house as Harry and Dudley…fought. Mcgonagal could feel the magic responding to Harry's will, directed in ways that no child had ever been able to before. How…how was she supposed to deal…with this? Petunia gave a sardonic grin. "I hope you've brought something interesting to the table," she began. "Because if Harry doesn't think he can obtain anything that will help him against Dudley, you won't be able to convince him to go with you." Because all he cares about is proving to his cousin, the superiority of magicals over Muggles. Yes. Minerva understood the message loud and clear. She just wasn't so sure she wanted to be the one to have to tell people that the boy who lived had such a mindset. "Yes…" she began wearily. "I hope so too." AN: And here ya go! Tell me what ya thought!