day. I don't know. Perhaps the Creeveys gave me a bad reference." "Rubbish." He shook his head, though he seemed rather absorbed in eating as he spoke. His lack of etiquette made her sigh, despite that it was a somewhat adorable trait to which she was well accustomed. "You're a fantastic teacher, and Ginny says you are amazing with her nieces." Hermione strained to keep her eyes from rolling. She adored Ginny, but this was not the time for Harry to take yet another opportunity to fawn over his fiancé. "I don't know," she said again. "Ginny's practically family. She could only be doing me a kindness by saying such things." "Hermione," Sirius called as he stepped into the dining room. "You have a tele—" "Oh, thank you!" She was out of her chair and across the room so fast, Harry swore he blinked and missed her movements. She took the telegram from Sirius hand, bouncing on the balls of her feet as she opened it. Sirius watched her as she read the message. It didn't escape Harry's notice that his godfather looked . . . nervous, somehow. He couldn't quite put his finger on it. "It's a position in the country! I'm requested as governess at the Riddle Estate? Where is . . . ?" Her voice trailed off as she noted the name of her prospective employer. "Lord Thomas Riddle?" T.R.? That charming—if rather intense—gentleman from the park? Well, he had known she would be out of work now, and had her full name, due to Colin's impatient wailing. Had Tom . . . . Thomas , Lord Thomas Riddle , she corrected herself, requested her, especially? She didn't know if the giddiness in her stomach was relief after thinking she might not find work any time soon, or something brought on by the thought of seeing him, again. The latter part she ignored, for— as her employer—that was quite an inappropriate reaction for her to have toward him. Her eyebrows shot up as she looked up from the message. "I'm expected to arrive by this evening! Oh, I must go pack my trunk." Sirius smiled as she bounced up to plant on a kiss on his cheek. As she whirled on her heel and dashed up the stairs, Harry observed how Sirius' cheerful expression melted, leaving behind a pained grimace. He opened his mouth to ask, but his godfather was already walking out of the room. After a moment, he heard the grating of metal against stone. Brow furrowing, he pushed back his seat and stood. "Uncle Sirius?" By the time he reached the sitting room, Sirius was kneeling before the fireplace. He'd pulled away the screen and was watching something in the flames. "Uncle? What are you doing?" Sirius shot to his feet as he jerked his head around to look at Harry. "Nothing," he said, swallowing hard as he shook his head. "It's clearly isn't nothing." Harry stormed across the room to see for himself. There, in the fire, he could make out the blackened curling of paper . . . . Here and there, lettering. He was able to piece together enough words to understand what he was seeing. "Telegrams from Hermione's agency?" Harry glanced over his shoulder at his godfather, his throat so tight with anger he wasn't certain he could get the words out. "She's been going mad for weeks believing no one wanted to employ her! Why would you do this?" Sirius only shook his head again, his blue-grey eyes watering as he stared into the fire. Harry followed the man's gaze. He saw one paper, different from the rest—a letter that had yet to be wholly swallowed by the flames. "Harry, don't ," Sirius said, even as the younger man bent and snatched the letter out of the fire. Frowning, Harry waved the paper gently to extinguish the burning edges. Ice churned in the pit of his stomach as he read aloud what was left. ". . . Granger. Deliver her and the debt of the Black family shall be paid in full. Yours, T.R .." His brows drew upward and he shook his head in disbelief. Lord T homas R iddle, as Hermione'd read from her new employer's request. Forcing a gulp down his throat, Harry looked to the fireplace, the remnants of the telegrams now nothing but ash, and then to Sirius. "I don't understand." He paused a moment to force a breath, his voice thick. "Uncle, what have you done?" With a mirthless grin, Sirius took the smoldering paper from his godson's hand and put it back in the flames. Straightening up, he shook his head, a tear escaping to roll down his cheek. After a moment of attempting to compose himself, he finally said, "I've protected you and your fiancé." And your future children , but he left that unsaid, assuring himself that Lord Riddle, and his ward, would treat Hermione well. Before Harry could inquire about this last part, Sirius turned sharply and clamped his hands over Harry's shoulders. "Whatever you think, you mustn't say a word. For your own sake, and Hermione's." Harry didn't know what to think as he looked from his godfather to the ceiling. He could only imagine how excited Hermione was, as she fluttered about on the floor above their heads. Packing to leave for the Riddle Estate . . . . But he couldn't stop wondering. Debt? What debt? Since when did the Black family owe any thing to any one ? He was even less certain now about what was happening than he'd been a moment ago. Unless . . . . Exactly how old was this debt the Lord was claiming? And why was Sirius honoring it? He knew Sirius wouldn't give him an answer, but Harry had a suspicion. "Will we ever see her again?" Sirius met his godson's gaze, his voice slipping out in barely audible whisper as he shook his head. "I don't know."