feeling daunted, he packaged up the leftovers from the previous night's dinner and, at twelve thirty precisely, placed a tin on her desk before settling down to eat his own lunch. At first she ignored his offering, continuing to scribble frantically on the parchment in front of her, but as the smell of chicken curry began to permeate the room, she cautiously reached out and opened the box. He smirked as she began to eat, pausing only to cast a warming charm over the food. Lucius was surprised when she flicked her wand in his direction and his own previously cold food began to steam gently. By the end of November, Lucius faced another problem. His wardrobe was extensive, not inexhaustible, and he was running out of clothes. His attempts at handwashing had not been particularly successful and even the clothes he had managed to clean were now creased and stiff. Girding his loins, he placed the remainder of his roast dinner onto Miss Granger's desk like a sacrificial offering and hovered over her. "Yes, Mr Malfoy?" She looked up, her expressive brown eyes considerably softer than they had been three months previously. "I wonder, Miss Granger, if you could tell me how Muggles wash their clothes?" Her gaze flicked over his body and he forced himself to stand proudly under her scrutiny. He was reasonably well presented after having remastered the art of shaving, hair care, and cravat tying but he was not the pristine figure he had once been. "They use an electric device called a washing machine." She tapped her lips speculatively. "Arthur Weasley has adapted one to function in a magical home. I'm sure if you spoke to him…" "Never use my name and his in the same sentence," he snapped. "Ever." He returned to his desk and to his own food, which he noticed Miss Granger had already re-heated. Two days later he sought out Arthur Weasley and, after a surprisingly well received apology, convinced the congenial wizard to assist him with fitting a washing machine at the manor. One the twenty-second of December, the last day the Ministry would be open before the Christmas break, Lucius rose at precisely seven A.M. He quickly showered, shaved himself without incident, and cast a wandless drying charm on his hair. Dressed only in his underpants, he padded down to the kitchen and boiled water for his morning tea, whilst scrambling eggs and making toast on the old fashioned range. He briefly perused his correspondence whilst eating his breakfast, then placed the dishes to soak before making his way to the adjacent laundry room. There, he whistled tunelessly whilst he ironed a fresh shirt (Arthur had arrived with the iron a few days ago and Lucius was most pleased with the device). Upstairs once more, he dressed quickly, expertly tying his cravat and fastening his buttons with a wandless charm. He flooed into the Ministry but, instead of heading directly to the lifts, he left the building and made his way to the Starbucks two streets away. The barista greeted him with a cheery smile and set to preparing his order without being asked. Lucius handed over his Muggle money and selected a packet of the caramel waffles he knew Miss Granger particularly enjoyed. When he collected his order, he noticed that, along with his name, the barista had scribbled a series of digits on his cup. Back at the Ministry, he placed one of the steaming cups, along with a waffle, at Miss Granger's elbow. She smiled up at him gratefully. Forty minutes later, she was swearing and destroying the carefully arranged order of the filing cabinets. Lucius looked up from The Prophet . "If you are looking for the dossier for your meeting with the Goblin regulation committee, I placed it on your desk yesterday evening." He gestured toward the manila folder which had sat in front of her all morning. "Thank you." She picked it up and gave him a sheepish smile. "On your return, there are papers to sign relating to the werewolves rights bill; we should owl them out before close of business today." She gave him a harried look. "Fine, just put them on my desk." She swept out of the room in a whirlwind of curls. Lucius smiled faintly and went back to his newspaper. "What are you doing?" She paused in the doorway of her office, taking in the crisply ironed red tablecloth spread over her desk, along with the sparkling goblets (which contained pumpkin juice) and the fine china plates onto which Lucius was serving up their lunch. "It's Christmas dinner." Lucius avoided her gaze. "There seemed little point in cooking only for myself tomorrow, so I decided to cook for both of us today." He politely pulled out her chair and gave a secret sigh of relief when she sat. "This is delicious." She beamed at him across the table. Her eyes flicked to the side and her smile faltered a little. "What's this?" She reached into the wastepaper basket and retrieved his paper cup. "It's a coffee cup." "With a phone number on it." She tapped the digits with her small finger. Lucius frowned, not understanding. "It means the barista wanted you to ask her out." Comprehension slowly bloomed. The girl who served him every morning was certainly very friendly, and rather pretty. He took the cup and regarded the digits for several moments, before he dropped it back into the bin. "Is it because she's a Muggle?" A frown marred her expressive face. "No." Lucius looked away, feeling his cheeks heat. Miss Granger took a deep breath. "You know, Mr Malfoy; I don't really have any plans for tomorrow." She looked up at him and then quickly glanced away, her cheeks flaming. "I would be happy to cook with you, if you would like." He fumbled with his napkin, his heart pounding riotously in his chest. "Thank you, Miss Granger. I should like that, very much."