be heard, and then there was another short blast. Fleur stood up, silvery robes falling around her, and she strode with carefully calculated steps to the entrance. And then it was the same thing over again. Screams, boos, roars; all shadowed by Bagman's occasional comments that made Harry's hair on the back of his neck stand up. And then Viktor was gone, and only Harry was left. He was much more aware of his body, of the tingles that had spread down his arms and legs and of the tremors that wracked his chest. He was beyond nervous. I have a plan. I have a plan . And then there was another short whistle cry, and Harry stood up to face his dragon. The walk was short but Harry's legs were marshmallows; shivering, shaking, quivering. He pressed one hand to the tent flap and pushed it open. His holly wand - faithful companion - was already tight in his grip. It was like an odd dream. Thousands of faces he couldn't pick out stared down at him, framed by the blacks and browns and blonds of hair. The stands stretched well above his head, well above his sight, well above the world; all filled with people. Right across from his was a stand where several people sat, and he could make out the blinding yellow of Bagman's Wasp robes. And then there was the Hungarian Horntail. A massive beast with the same dark red scales and pale wings. It was crouched over a depression in the field, where Harry could see a glint of pale yellow eggs. Then there was a flash of bright gold, the egg he was supposed to collect. But the dragon looked well able to defend itself; the crown of spikes were long and glistening, fangs bared. Its spiky tail was rattling over the ground, leaving meter-long marks over the soil. It hissed at him, black eyes furious. The crowd hushed as he walked forward, legs still shaking. He saw the Horntail twitch slightly forward. He had barely a second to dive for the nearest rock before a blast of fire three meters wide torched the ground where he had stood. "Oh, that was a close one!" Bagman bellowed as the crowd cried out. "Can't wait to see what our youngest champion tries!" Crouched behind a boulder, legs quivering, the smell of roasted rock filling his nose, Harry Potter did not feel like a savior. I have a plan. I have a plan . He raised his wand. He pressed it to the hollow of his throat, the holly tip digging into his skin. The crowd was silent, watching, waiting. "Sonorus!" He cried out as loud as he could. The feeling hit him the same, but Harry tried to force it off. But the cold threads were still cold and the chill it left was still there. But Harry could deal with it. He could fight. Harry coughed loudly. The sound echoing around the crowd, who had recognized what Harry was doing. They were whispering to each other, the sound as loud as if they were screaming. The sound was magnified, louder than any human had done before without the spell. Up in the stands, Hermione gasped. She had been carefully watching Harry, had seen him put his wand against his throat. Had known exactly what they had planned on. But it all seemed to be going wrong. The Hungarian Horntail didn't seem to be distracted by the loud sound. It just hissed, a thicker trail of smoke slipping out from its nostrils. It's snake-like head inched closer to the rock Harry was behind, black eyes searching. Flames flickered up between its teeth. "Watch out Harry!" She cried, but she knew she was too far away. Harry listened as the crowd talked faster and faster, then fell silent as he stood. He was short enough and the rock tall enough that he was still hidden from the dragon's view. He began to speak. "I am 14 years old!" Harry bellowed, his voice hitting the crowd like a physical wall. He could see Dumbledore, the man wearing electric purple robes, whisper to the people surrounding him. He bet the man hadn't seen this coming. "I am a Fourth Year at Hogwarts." They knew that, and now the crowd was whispering again, hissing like a bunch of snakes. Harry gave a soft smile at the irony. "When I was barely a year old, a madman snuck into my house and gave me my scar. Killed my parents first." "Because of this, I am called the Boy-Who-Lived. I am treated a wizarding savior, the go-to man for everyone's problems." "But do you-" He roared at the crowd, spreading his hands wide, "expect me to survive a dragon? I am only fourteen years old. I am not Merlin." He gave them a sad smile. "I am an orphan, not a savior. Get someone better to do the job." Bagman was quiet, the crowd was quiet. There was hardly a sound except for the Horntail's hissing. "Because I would rather die than have everyone expect me to save them." Harry leaped out from behind the rock, wand falling from his hand. It clattered onto the stone at Harry's feet. The Horntail's gaze snapped to him, smoke trickling out from its mouth. And then a searing blast of dragonflame hit Harry full on. There was a muffled pause as the fire roared over the arena. But when the dragon finally moved back, all that was left of Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, was a smoking corpse lying on the ground. Don't kill me… So this was an idea I had. That a Harry is so fed up with being the Wizarding World's scapegoat that he decides to end himself. But since he's Harry bloody Potter, he goes out with a bang. If I get enough people telling me to, I will continue this story with the aftermath. Please read and review! Frost OUT!