him to enter. He scanned the throng for his target. There she was, talking to Potter - of course, why would things be easy? The Boy Who Lived noticed him first and inclined his head just enough not to be rude. "Mr Malfoy." "Mr Potter." He returned the only-just-not-rude head nod. Miss Granger turned wide eyed to stare up at him. She was wearing a green silk dress, the coweld neck draped artfully across her bosom, her neck and arms exposed. She looked beautiful. "Miss Granger." "Mr Malfoy." She smiled but her eyes were tight with anxiety. "Miss Granger I wonder if you might do me the honour of this next dance?" Her eyes widened to saucers and she glanced quickly at her friend. "Go on Hermione," Potter looked surprisingly unconcerned, "I'm sure he won't do anything worse than stand on your toes." Miss Granger still looked unconvinced but placed a delicate hand on his proffered arm. They moved onto the floor and he wrapped her in his arms holding her body close against his. It felt like the most natural thing in the world. Miss Granger still looked bemused. "I can't believe Harry just let me go with you, you could have all sorts of nefarious intentions." He looked down into her caramel coloured eyes. "Oh I assure you I do." He glanced over towards potter who was chatting politely with the minister for magic. "I believe Potter has finally learned the necessity for diplomacy over violence, at least in my case." Miss Granger pursed her lips. "Perhaps." They danced in silence for several minutes, she followed his lead without complaint, her soft body pliant against his. His erect cock pressed against her stomach. She looked up again. "You do realise that this is the longest we've ever touched without…." Her voice tailed off delicately "Fucking?" He smirked at her and began to steer her towards the door. "That can easily be remedied." "Stop Lucius!" It was the first time she had ever said his name. He stopped. "I can't leave." "Why not?" He pressed his cock just a little more firmly against her, she bit her lip. "Because I have to give a speech." "What about?" "About the werewolf rights bill, it was passed today." Her face broke into a proud smile which he struggled not to return. He hadn't realised that the bill had finally cleared the Wizengamot. It had met with serious opposition and Lucius had had to use all of his not inconsiderable influence and some of his even greater fortune to ease its passage. This was because he had many friends who were werewolves, he told himself firmly. It was not in any way because Miss Granger was the author and main proponent of the bill. "Miss Granger." They were dancing again. "Yes." "I would like to have dinner with you tomorrow evening." "You've eaten dinner at my flat every evening for the past fortnight, I've been considering charging you rent." Her eyes were sparkling, he thought she was amused. He cast his mind back, had he really spent every evening with her? It didn't seem like it, he had thought he was playing it cool. He cleared his throat. "You misunderstand me. I would like to take you to dinner in a restaurant." She tripped over his feet, he tightened his grip to prevent her from falling and his cock bobbed in approval as her body slid against his. "You want to take me out for dinner?" "Yes." "In a restaurant ?" "Yes." This was becoming tiresome, wasn't she supposed to be the brightest witch of her age? "A wizarding restaurant?" "Miss Granger, I can hardly see myself in the muggle world can you?" "Hermione." "What?" "My name is Hermione." "Very well." They danced in silence for almost a minute, not that he was counting the seconds. "You haven't given me an answer?" "I haven't decided." "Surely it isn't that difficult a decision to make." "Will you pull out my chair for me?" "Of course." "Will you place my napkin in my lap?" "That's really the waiter's job but if it makes you happy then yes." "Will you explain the dishes on the menu I don't understand?" "Yes" "Without rolling your eyes?" "Possibly." "Will you let me order whatever I want even if you don't approve?" "Yes." "Will you let me chose the wine?" "Of course not!" She smiled brightly at him."Will you take me back to Malfoy Manor when we're finished and fuck me senseless?" He felt a burst of warmth somewhere in the region of his heart. Aside from their first two couplings all of their trysts had taken place in her home. He was always the one to come to her and he had begun to fear that perhaps it being the site of her previous captivity and torture had put her off his ancestral pile. If she was willing to overlook these obstacles then maybe she really had come to care for him. He realised she was still waiting for his answer. "I'm afraid not." Her brown eyes widened with shock and disappointment. "Why not?" He bent his head so his lips were almost touching her exposed ear. "Because," he breathed, noting the goose bumps which formed in the wake of the warm air, "You don't fuck on the first date." Hermione Granger giggled. Then she pulled him to a stop and stood up on her tiptoes. She had to extend fully, her body pressed against his from thigh to chest and even then she had to pull his head down to hers but finally their lips were within touching distance and she kissed him hard on the mouth in full view of the great, the good and the disreputable of the wizarding world. "I think." She said, her lips still touching his as she spoke, her tongue flicking out to run along his lower lip, "that in this one instance I may be able to make an exception."