Granger and the window. The quadrangle below was filled with students, all of whom seemed intent on setting either each other or the castle on fire. There was no way he and Granger could make their way safely through. Which only left... Before he could talk himself out of his reckless plan, he scooped her into his arms and dove through the open window. She screamed as their bodies became insubstantial smoke and Severus gritted his non-existent teeth in irritation. A few students fired curses at them, which he easily avoided and, moments later, they crashed through the window of the potions lab. He landed hard on top of Granger who, instead of releasing him, wound her arms more tightly around his neck. "Oh Severus," she breathed. "I'm so glad you're here. I knew you would come for me; I just knew it." Severus was quite undone by the pressure of her soft mouth against his and he kissed her back, their mission entirely forgotten. It became imperative that he let her know how he felt; he couldn't contain the words a moment longer. "I would never let anything happen to you." He tangled his fingers in her horrible hair; it really did feel like a brillo pad. "Without you my life would mean nothing." He kissed her again, revelling in the sheer glory of her lips against his, until he realised she was pushing him away. "Severus, stop." He drew back, dazed. "Don't you see, it's the hysteria! We're feeding off each other!" She held his face in her small hands, warm brown eyes pleading with his. "You don't have much time. We have to stop this. We have to save the students." He began to brew with more speed, accuracy and dramatic flair than he had ever previously exhibited. Granger watched, sometimes giggling coquettishly as he wielded the stirring rod particularly flamboyantly or when he tossed a beaker like a barman with a cocktail shaker. In no time at all, the potion was ready and she tilted her head back seductively in order to take a few drops from the pipette he held above her plump lips. The effect was nearly instantaneous. She gave a shriek of horror and clutched at her throat, emitting horrific gasping noises, her eyes streaming with tears. Finally she raised her head. "Oh my god," she whispered, looking down at her bare midriff. "What in Merlin's name am I wearing, and who on earth pierced my belly button?" Harry Potter flipped closed his Aurors' notebook with an officious snap. "I think I have all the details I need. Hermione, Severus." He nodded at them both. "There have been a few more outbreaks across Europe, but with your antidote we've managed to contain them. It was a stroke of genius to convert it to an aerosol form." "Do you know where the curse originated from?" Severus still found Potter's admiration difficult to accept. The boy nodded. "It was developed by a Bulgarian ex- Death Eater. His son was part of the Durmstrang Tri-Wizard team and was already infected when he arrived at the school. It was a good thing that Minerva sent you in, Severus." He smiled across at the headmistress. "The Dark Mark appears to confer immunity. Without it you wouldn't have been able to stay sane long enough to brew the antidote." Time stood still for Severus as a thousand horrible realisations hit him at once. He was immune. Everything he had done, everything he had said…He looked at Granger in horror. Dressed once more in her voluminous teaching robes, she was staring at him open-mouthed. Without a word he stood and billowed out the headmistress's office. "Professor… Severus… Wait!" He ignored her, almost running. "Severus, please stop." There was a little break in her voice that he couldn't ignore. She came to a halt in front of him, breathing heavily, her eyes wide. "I really did know you would come for me." Her voice was small, but certainty blazed in her brown eyes. He stared at her wordless and terrified. She reached out and tentatively touched his hand. "Did you mean it?" she asked. "Mean what?" "That your life would mean nothing without me." He clenched his jaw and his fists, contemplating running once more. Could he really admit to her that he, too, had been worried when she disappeared, that he had manipulated Minerva into sending him after her, that the thought of anything happening to her had made him feel physically sick? When he had thought himself under the influence of the curse it had been so easy to let his feelings out, but now he couldn't risk her rejection or her ridicule. But she was still clutching his fingers and looking at him with such warmth and anxiety and… hope . He couldn't be responsible for dampening that flame. Almost as if of its own volition, his head gave a brief nod, and suddenly his arms were full of the warm, wriggling witch as she peppered the parts of his face she could reach with kisses. Nine years later... Severus joined his wife at the window and together they looked out over the rolling lawn, littered with glittering fountains. In the distance, Madame Maxime and Hagrid strolled together. The sound of muffled laughter floated across the warm air from the dormitories where this year's Tri-Wizard competitors were too excited to sleep. "Are you glad you came back?" He rubbed his nose against her familiar brown curls. She turned to smile at him. "Yes, and I'm glad I came the first time. If it hadn't been for my cursed trip, I wouldn't have you." She raised the hem of her blouse giving him a mischievous smile. "Or this." A tiny green-eyed snake nestled in the hollow of her still-pierced belly button. He brushed his fingers across the ornament. "Who knows what might happen this time?" She gave a contented sigh and leaned back against him. "The possibilities are endless."