them have ever seen before so they just let him be. These days it was easier just letting James have his space than trying to talk to him about anything so eventually they just stopped trying. Remus paused to look up at Sirius who was arguing loudly with Arthur Weasley, sitting across from him at the table while Peter snickered at their antics. The portly boy seemed fairly oblivious to James' sudden changes and never asked about them either, then again, Peter's been oddly absent as of late. He always had something to do elsewhere and since Peter never really seemed to contribute much to their little group ignoring his absences was easy. Sirius on the other hand was a different story completely. Despite the fact that the animagus put up a good act and never showed any signs of pressure, Remus could tell that he wasn't himself, that James' changes was effecting him as well. But there wasn't much they could do about it if James wouldn't talk about it. If he'd just tell them what was wrong, or if they could just get through to Snape for even a moment maybe they could find out what was wrong and help James get back to normal, but as things stood there wasn't much that they could do. It was right then that Remus looked up over towards the Slytherin table and frowned when he didn't spot Snape anywhere near it. He wasn't in his usual spot beside Rosier, Mulciber and Wilkes or even sitting by himself near the far end of the table the way he sometimes did during meals. The Slytherin was nowhere in sight and Remus frowned when the doors to the great hall suddenly opened and he looked up to see a sight so shocking, that the other students that caught sight of it immediately paused and stared in confusion. "Prongs?" Sirius asked as he looked up at the two quickly making their way across the hall. James walked into the great hall in a hurry, almost running as he dragged a lankier raven haired teen along behind him. The entire hall gradually quieted down from its loud chatter that started at the beginning of dinner to just stare as the Gryffindor captain dragged Severus Snape along behind him, his hand was locked tight around the raven's wrist as he made a beeline for the table where the teachers usually sat at the front of the hall. It seemed like Snape was trying to get away from the other as he repeatedly tugged on the hand around his wrist and tried to stop multiple times, growling and hissing at the hazel eyed wizard all while James just continued to drag him forward. The professors immediately took note of them with Dumbledore frowning at the two while professor McGonagall immediately got up from her seat and scolded "Mr. Potter! What is the meaning of this?!" James stopped in front of his professors and the students watched in anticipation as they waited to see what would happen next. Snape tried to yank out of James' grip again only for the other to grab a tighter hold of him, pulling the Slytherin into his side with one arm around his waist. Snape seemed to hiss something at the other, only this time there was no glare in his eyes, only a pleading stare as he tried to tug out of his grip again. James seemed to swallow hard as he stared into the Snape's eyes when McGonagall spoke again. "Mr. Potter. I don't take kindly to being ignored. Now let go of Mr. Snape this instant." James looked up at the woman and his eyes hardened in determination as he spoke, "No." "No?" McGonagall asked incredulously and James could see her eyes narrow down into a glare about to unleash all her fury on him but he spoke first. "I have a request to ask of the head master." "And this couldn't wait until after dinner? Without Mr. Snape's presence." Slughorn suddenly asked and James eyes flickered over to the man for a moment before looking back to fix his gaze on the headmaster, "N-No… no it can't." The transfigurations professor opened her mouth to speak only for the headmaster to speak before her. "It's quite alright, Minerva. It seems the boy has something important to say." The man said with a small smile, setting his goblet down as he laced his fingers together before putting his joined hands on the table, "Exactly what request would you like to make Mr. Potter." "James, please don't…" Snape whispered, but with the hall being so quiet the words carried over across the room and many frowned at the Slytherin's choice of words. Remus and Sirius watched in complete and total utter confusion as James looked down at Snape again before Dumbledore spoke again. "Mr. Potter?" "I-…" James cut himself off as he took a deep breath staring into Snape's eyes before he let go of the teen and stepped forward with his shoulders squared, feet apart and chin up as he spoke loud enough everyone in the room to hear perfectly clear. "I wish to be resorted." Remus's eyes went wide and Sirius gaped, the entire hall seemed to fall into an even more pronounced silence than before, almost as if not a single soul were breathing while Dumbledore stared at the teen in shock and McGonagall couldn't help but stutter out. "I-I beg your pardon?" "I want to be resorted." James said clearly without so much as a blink of an eye, "Right now." It was then that Sirius suddenly shot up from his seat and screamed, "ARE YOU INSANE?!" And just as quickly as it had dropped into silence, the entire hall suddenly rose in a roar. A/N: Again this is an experiment. I'm working on something, but I want to see how this works out first. Tell me what you think so far. Till next time. Please review.