steward of sorts, who collected rent for the lord of the manor. This rent was paid in the form of grain, usually, and stored in a granary. The name comes from Anglo-Norman, that mix of French and English that became the language of England after William the Conqueror conquered England in 1066. My family is originally Norman French, too, Draco, just like yours." "That makes sense, actually," Draco said, marveling at how his witch's tendency to sound like a textbook no longer irritated him, but rather drove him wild. "What makes sense?" "That your ancestors were among a group of people who were in charge of making sure that the lowly peasants did what they were supposed to, as in paying the lord of the manor rent. Perfect practice for you, their descendant, for keeping Potter and Weasley in line." Hermione huffed. "That's not the point, Draco. The point is that my ancestors were farm workers—not common laborers, no, but their occupation, what they did, gave them their very name. But at some point, one of those Grangers had to decide that they wanted more than to work on a farm, even if they did have some power. They kept their name and set themselves on a new path. You can do the same thing. You already are." It was quiet for a few minutes while Draco mulled over Hermione's words. She then broke the silence while placing her hands on his cheeks. He leaned into her touch while she spoke softly. "Draco, I love you. I love you so much. Make the others see that it would be bad for anyone not to have faith in a Malfoy. Make them see what I see—or at least some of what I see." He had closed his eyes as soon as she had touched him, and now he opened them to look into her loving gaze. "I love you, too," he whispered. "So much." Hermione smiled. "So, what was that question you were going to ask me?" "You still want to be asked? Even after everything?" "Of course, Draco. If you're planning on asking me what I think you are." He breathed in deeply, then rose from the couch and got down on one knee, taking her hands in his. "Hermione Jean Granger, I love you. I love you more than you'll ever know. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me. You mean the world to me and I can't imagine life without you by my side. I want to love you, challenge you, and yes, annoy you for the rest of our days. I'm yours, always, if you'll have me. Hermione, love, will you marry me?" He reached in his pocket and pulled out a small box, opening it to reveal a white gold ring with a princess cut alexandrite in the center. "Yes. A thousand times, yes, Draco!" Hermione exclaimed, sliding off the couch and throwing her arms around him. He pulled back so he could kiss her deeply. His beloved witch. His fiancée. "I know it's not a diamond, but I think it fits," Draco said when they were finally able to pry themselves apart, sliding the ring on her finger. Hermione looked at the swirling shades of red and green encapsulated in the gem. "Red and green. Gryffindor and Slytherin. It's us," she said. "It is. At times the gem will look more green than red, and vice versa. Much of the time, though, the gem will feature both colors circling around each other." "It's beautiful, Draco. I love you," Hermione said, drawing his lips to hers again. They lost themselves in each other for a little while, and then Hermione pulled back to look at her ring again. "Don't you want to know its history?" At the mention of new knowledge, Hermione brightened. "Oh yes, please!" Draco chuckled. "Well, while my family has been pureblooded for more generations than have probably even been recorded, a Gryffindor did marry into the Malfoy line once before. One of my ancestors, Octavius Malfoy, back in the 1700s, married a Gryffindor witch, and by all accounts they were very happy. This was sometime before the Dark Arts became normal for the Malfoys—while most of them did dabble somewhat, there were others who did not, and Octavius seems to have been one of those few. I found this in the Malfoy vault at Gringotts and have been holding onto it in hopes that my own Gryffindor witch would agree to marry me." "And she did. Wholeheartedly." They kissed again, not able to keep themselves from each other. When the need for air became evident, they reluctantly pulled back, Draco pressing a chaste kisses to Hermione's lips, cheeks, and forehead before looking at her. She had a beatific smile on her face, and he thought she had never looked more beautiful, with her lips red and swollen from his kisses, her hair and clothes mussed from his hands, and his ring on her finger. She opened her eyes. "You said that you wouldn't expect me to change my name to Malfoy if I agreed to marry you. Well, I had already decided a few months ago that if you ever asked, I would hyphenate my name for professional purposes. Hermione Granger-Malfoy has a nice ring to it, don't you think?" He wholeheartedly agreed. "But even if my legal and professional name is hyphenated, well, I can't say that I wouldn't like it if you did call me Mrs. Malfoy in private," she said, winking and blushing at the same time. "Mrs. Malfoy," he drawled, trying out the name. His surname, so fraught with problems and past sins, sounded so much better when his witch was associated with it. "Sounds wonderful, darling," he purred. "I may just grow to like my name after all." Hope you enjoyed! Please let me know what you think! Hit that little review button or Draco will let his father know about it. ;)