a gently lapping motion until she was writhing under him, longing for release. She tried to buck her hips up towards him but he pressed his arm firmly across the lower part of her pelvis and bent his head once more to his task. Now she felt his tongue slip between the folds of her sex. She hoped he was not disgusted by how wet she was. He didn't seem disgusted, in fact she was pretty sure she had just heard him moaning with pleasure at the taste of her. Now he was thrusting his stiffened tongue in and out. She wondered if he was mimicking what he wanted to do to her with other parts of his anatomy and her sex clenched wildly at the thought. He replaced his tongue with a finger which he moved shallowly inside her as he rubbed his tongue against her clit. Hermione suddenly understood. She understood all the giggling behind drawn bed curtains, all the scrutiny of girly magazines, the circulated romantic novels, the late night film sessions. She finally understood why woman were so bothered about sex because what this man was doing to her was without doubt the best thing that had every happened in her entire life. He added a second finger but they were only just inside her. She longed to tilt her pelvis up and have him fill her. He was sucking her clit now, his fingers rubbing against the front walls of her vagina and without warning her orgasm hit her. She had orgasmed on her own before of course but nothing had prepared her for this. It was like being hit by a train and deprived of oxygen all at the same time. Her hips arched mindlessly up against his restraining arm and her fingers scrabbled against the desk for any sort of purchase as she came hard her whole body jerking with the force of her contractions. He waited until she was still before pulling her back up into a sitting position. Her body felt curiously languorous, sated even but as soon as his lips returned to hers she could feel her internal fire beginning to stoke once more. She could taste herself on his lips. She had thought it would disgust her but on the contrary it excited her. She eagerly sucked his tongue into her mouth and licked at his mouth. Now it was her turn to undo his buttons although she was not nearly as dexterous as he had been. Eventually he helped her and she pulled open his robes to move the sides of his shirt apart spreading her hands over his chest with a contented hum. She pulled away from him for a moment to gaze at his chest. It looked exactly how it had felt pressed against her in the library. Strong and muscular but not overly so, the pale skin gloriously smooth. She ran her hands over it then down to his stomach. His breath hitched as she stopped at the waistband of his trousers. Their eyes met briefly, his dark and shadowed before he took her hand in his and pressed it against the bulge in his trousers. Hermione gave a soft squeak. It was huge. Even through his trousers she could tell it was much larger than those she had seen in her anatomy textbooks. She gave it an exploratory squeeze through the fabric and Lucius inhaled sharply. "Did I hurt you." She looked at him filled with remorse but he shook his head. "Quite the opposite." He reached between them and undid the placket of his trousers, pulling down at his boxers his cock fell out into her hand. Hermione gazed at it in wonder. It was hot and hard but the skin was strangely soft. She tentatively ran her fingers over the shaft. Lucius groaned and, emboldened by his obvious approval she encircled the whole thing in her hand and brushed her thumb against the tip. He groaned again and leaned in to kiss her once more as she fumblingly stroked his cock. By the time she felt his fingers once more at the juncture of her thighs she was beyond coherent thought. She eagerly parted her legs even further and tilted her pelvis up a little to allow him easier access. He slid two fingers inside her once more and she whimpered with pleasure, all the while rubbing her hand softly against his cock. "You're so wet little mudblood." He had dragged his lips away from hers. "So wet for me. Tell me you want me." She heard a voice that sounded nothing like hers pleading incoherently with him. "Oh yes, I want you so badly, please….." then she stopped because he had suddenly frozen. His fingers had moved a little deeper and now they were motionless inside her, his lips still and his free hand no longer caressed her breasts. "Lucius?" She asked tentatively. "Go." He pulled away from her leaving her exposed on the desk her legs spread her dress unbuttoned and her shoes on the floor. He reached for his cane and with a flick withdrew his wand and summoned hers. He placed it on the desk next to her. "The chimney is connected to the floo network, go anywhere you please. Just go!" With that he righted his clothes and stormed out of the room slamming the door behind him. Hermione took a moment to collect herself. Pulling down her dress and doing up the buttons as quickly as possible. She couldn't quite believe what had happened. And what had not happened. She had been so willing, so wanton in his arms and then….he had just stopped. She rubbed a hand over her eyes before hopping off the desk and replacing her trainers. Her hair was a disaster and she quickly re-did her bun before making her way to the fireplace. There was no sign of Lucius but even so she whispered "The Burrow." Before stepping into the flames.