pomegranate seeds. Draco's expression was a strange mixture of defiance and anticipation as he awaited his father's response. Lucius felt his heart constrict, his son expected some sort of scathing put down at best, but he was still willing to risk his father's condemnation on the off chance Lucius might accept his offer. "I would be delighted." He saw the mudblood - No. Hermione, widen her eyes in response to his words, but she quickly set about preparing a third plate and brought it to the table along with some cutlery. She slipped onto the bench next to Draco and opposite Lucius, unconsciously shifting a little closer to the boy and avoiding Lucius' gaze. None of them spoke, and Lucius realised that both he and Draco were waiting for Hermione to start eating the appetising, but strange looking, concoction in front of them. She picked it up with both hands and took a delicate bite from one corner. Father and son immediately followed suit. Lucius could not quite believe that he was sitting at the scrubbed pine kitchen table in the bowels of Malfoy Manor, eating Israeli street food with a muggle born witch and his son. It was a situation both surreal and fantastic. His father would have turned in his grave at the sight, and Narcissa? Well, he had no idea what Narcissa would think. "This is amazing, Hermione." Draco appeared to be the least affected by the other-worldliness of their experience. He had a smear of sour cream on his chin. "Thanks, Draco. You have a little..." She gestured at his chin and he dabbed at it ruefully with a napkin. "I'm sorry, this isn't the easiest meal to eat." She looked down at her plate, her lower lip briefly compressed between her teeth. "Maybe I should have taught you to cook something a bit less messy." "Oh no, this is perfect." Draco paused in the act of taking another bite. "Messy is good, I want to show Astoria that I'm not some formal, stuck-up pureblood who only wants to marry her for her pristine bloodline." Hermione's cheeks turned the same colour as the pomegranate seeds, and Draco's blanched as they looked up in unison at Lucius. The girls' shoulders visibly relaxed as he said mildly, "I didn't know you and Miss Greengrass had renewed your acquaintance Draco." The colour slowly returned to Draco's face. "We've not been seeing each other for long. I didn't want to tell you and mother until things were a bit more serious." "And this is not serious?" Lucius' hand gesture encompassed the meal and the evidence of its preparation which littered the kitchen. The girl smiled and elbowed Draco in the ribs. "I suppose it is a bit serious." He returned her smile and avoided his father's eyes. They ate in silence for several a minutes. Lucius forced himself to concentrate on the food in front of him, which was delicious, and not on the girl who sat opposite. The table was narrow and he swore he could feel the heat of her legs only inches from his own. "You are an excellent cook Miss Granger." She startled at his words, the fork she had been using to eat her salad falling to the table with a clatter. "Thank you Mr Malfoy." Her voice was steady, but her tongue flashed out to moisten her lips, and her soft brown eyes were uncertain. He picked up the fallen fork and proffered it to her, unsure if he was amused or saddened by her discomfiture in his presence. They both jerked back, as if stung, as their fingertips brushed. Draco appeared unaware of the entire exchange. "Do you think we should put more mint in the tzatziki?" he asked. Sticking a finger into the sauce in a manner Lucius found most uncouth. He hoped that wasn't how his son behaved around Miss Greengrass. "I'm not sure." Miss Granger's voice was uneven, and she swallowed hard, her eyes flickering once more in Lucius' direction. "Draco, I need to go. It's getting late and I have work in the morning." It was not yet 8 o'clock, but neither Malfoy challenged her in her lie. Draco stood politely. "No problem Hermione, thank you for all of this." "It was my pleasure." She looked around her. "Do you need help clearing up before I go?" "I will assist Draco with the tidying." Lucius was as surprised as the other two at his own words. He too stood. "I'll walk you to the gate," Draco offered. "No really, stay here and finish your meal." She hugged him quickly then backed away, almost running out the room now, her eyes wide, reminiscent of a startled deer. "Goodbye, Mr Malfoy." Her eyes did not meet his. "It has been a pleasure, Miss Granger." Before she could anticipate his action he caught her hand in his, and brought it to his lips. Her skin was warm and soft, he resisted an almost overwhelming urge to run his tongue over her knuckles. "She left in a hurry." Draco shrugged in an unconcerned manner, already returning to the table. "Would you like some more Father, there's plenty?" Lucius was still staring at the kitchen door which swung back and forth on its hinges, the subtle scent of Miss Granger's perfume lingered in the air and he breathed deeply as if trying to capture the last of it. "Yes Draco, I believe I would like more." He retook his seat at the table. "Much more." A/N I don't think there will be more of this though. I have two half written multi-parts on my laptop already and not enough time to write. Plus I'd have to extricate Lucius from his marriage and his state of ennui, explain what went wrong with Ron and Hermione and navigate Draco's date with Astoria. I think it's better that we just imagine that Lucius and Hermione somehow found their way together via the medium of Israeli street food.