on her brother's shoulder. "She can't hear you, but we'll figure this out." It was then that Professor McGonagall returned to the room with Pansy. It took everything inside of Fred not to jump up and tackle the girl. She did this to Hermione. He didn't know how but she did something. "We will all sit here and listen to Miss Parkinson before jumping to any conclusions." She conjured up enough chairs for all of the children. Fred didn't want to sit down but one stern look from the professor and he found a seat. Everyone stared at Pansy while she held an expression of unhelpfulness. "Look I don't know what happened. Why don't you ask him?" she pointed in Fred's direction. Fred felt a rage build up in his chest. "How dare you think I would harm Hermione!" George and Ron grabbed their brother from either side to keep him from attacking the girl. Pansy chuckled. "Well looks like either it worked or she didn't need it at all." The level of confusion in the room rose. "Miss Parkinson what are you talking about?" Professor McGonagall rose to stand next to the young girl. "Look I overheard her one night talking to that one," she pointed to Ginny, "whining about how she was so in love but thought he didn't notice her. So I decided to help her out from the goodness of my heart. I gave her a potion that I had used myself to help her out." She pulled out a vile from her book bag and handed it to the Professor. "Velit Ut." "Dear heavens Miss Parkinson. Do you know what you've done. Did you even think about the consequences? 50 points from Slytherin and detention for a month. I will be having a discussion with Professor Snape as to further punishment if we cannot wake up Miss Granger. Miss Brown, Miss Parvati, please escort Miss Parkinson back down to the great hall. Breakfast should be just about over. Potter, Weasleys, you may stay. Ginny darling I will need your assistance. Please return to the girls' dormitory and look for a pouch under Miss Granger's pillow. Bring it back to me here. Fred may I have a word with you privately." Everyone jumped up to follow the orders the Professor had given. Fred followed her to the corner of the room. "Why, Mr. Weasley, is it that Miss Parkinson believed you would know something about what happened to Miss Granger?" Fred tried to rack his brain, trying to figure out he possibly could have done anything. "You had quite a reaction to that statement earlier. Is there maybe something you're holding on to? Perhaps you are the young man Miss Granger as talking about to you sister." "NO!" Hermione wanted the professor to stop talking. "PLEASE STOP! CAN YOU HEAR ME!" Fred looked straight at the Professor. "You had to have heard that! I can hear her voice. It's like she's in my head." Just then Ginny came running in with the pouch that the Professor had asked for. The professor took the pouch and opened it revealing a small piece of parchment. "I wish to know what Fred really thinks of me." "Well Mr. Weasley it appears that we have an answer to who Miss Granger was talking about." Fred walked over to Hermione and placed a hand on hers. "What do I do?" The rest of the children came to stand next to their friend as the Professor continued to think. "Well you see Mr. Weasley. The thing about this potion is that you have to be very precise with your words. Miss Granger wished to know what you thought of her. You said you could hear her voice in your head correct?" Fred looked frightened for a moment. "Professor, you don't mean to say, that is….Hermione is actually in my head?" "Lumos" the Professor said softly as she rose her wand to Fred's eyes. The light from the end of the Professors wand was blinding. Hermione threw up her hands to block her eyes. Would they be able to see her? "Ah hello Miss Granger. There she is Fred. Right behind your eyes. Seeing everything that you see. Seeing all the reactions that you have had to her situation." Fred looked down at the beautiful woman lying on the bed. "What do I do Professor?" Professor McGonagall gave the young man a gentle smile. "It's very simple. You have to be truthful about your feelings. Does anyone in this room, besides, perhaps, your twin know of your feelings for Miss Granger?" Fred hung his head and then looked around the room at his friends. They all looked shocked. He hadn't told any of them. He was too scared of their reactions. He dropped to his knees beside his beloved's bed. He whispered into her ear, "Mione, please wake up. I need to hear that beautiful laugh. I need to see that beautiful smile. Please wake up. I love you." Everything went black again. But this time was different than before. Hermione felt like she was swimming through the darkness. She felt lighter than air. Then she felt herself begin to lose so-" Hermione cut him off with a kiss. "None of that matters now. I am awake. I am here and now we both know. After all, people do crazy things when they're in love."consciousness. Suddenly, she could feel the bed underneath her. She was back in her own body. Her eyes opened slowly and she saw the face of the man she loved. She reached up to touch his face and saw the tears welling up in his eyes. She sat up and wrapped her arms around him. She turned to apologize to her friends but Fred wouldn't let her go. "I am so sorry that I never told you how I felt. I'm sorry that I made you feel like you had to use some dumb potion to find out. I'm