would be how this new, Muggle-friendly government would see to their needs. Harry tried very hard not to notice that during the remainder of the discussion, Hermione and Sirius seemed to forget they were still holding hands. "This is Selwyn Hall," Sirius finally explained as Harry and Hermione gaped up at the enormous estate, looming ever closer as they passed through the gates and started up a winding drive. "Selwyn?" Hermione couldn't deny the sense of alarm that washed through her at the name. She could still recall Augustin Selwyn among the group that had come to get her, Harry, and Ron from the Lovegood house. If Ron didn't have his hands full trying to keep George from missing Fred too much, he'd probably be standing here, telling them how stupid they were all being for even setting foot here. Selwyn . The sneer twisting his handsome face, the cruel gleam in his blue eyes . . . . Oh, yes, she remembered Augustin Selwyn quite well. Only . . . . "I thought he died in the Battle of Hogwarts." Sirius glanced over his shoulder at her as they climbed the steps to the massive front doors. "After conferring with Kingsley about the death toll, I am afraid you would be correct." "Then—" "You would be correct about Augustin Selwyn. We are here to speak with his brother, Corvus." Hermione and Harry exchanged a look. "I wasn't aware he had one," she said. In fact, she was certain he had been the last of the Selwyn bloodline. Sirius pulled the antiquated chain to ring the bell. "No one who is not a pure-blood would be. As happens with impending war, some families hide away their heirs to protect them. Corvus was the elder twin, so, as the heir, when the first War came, the family allowed Augustin to enter into Voldemort's service, while Corvus was kept here." He paused, glancing up at the doors. "Practically a prisoner in his own home. Can't say I do not sympathize. We met a few times when he was escorted to visit Augustin in Azkaban." "And you're sure he won't just toss us back out of his house once he hears what you have to say?" As the door opened and they found themselves being scrutinized by a house elf who could pass for Kreacher's brother, Sirius held up his hand. Turning his attention to the gnarled, diminutive creature, he said, "Please tell your master that Sirius Black is here to see him." The elf narrowed his beady eyes at them, before poofing away to find his master. Dropping his hand, Sirius turned his head to meet Harry's gaze. "From what I overheard of their discussions, it is safe to say Augustin and Corvus are alike in appearance, only ." "Sirius?" a voice called from somewhere inside the massive structure. All three people at the entrance leaned around the open door to peer in. Hermione almost jumped at the resemblance to Augustin— of course, twins, hello, Hermione! —but she could not respond as the man rushed to the door. He immediately threw his arms around Sirius in a very un-pure-blood hug, practically dragging him into the foyer. "It is so good to see you outside of that horrible place! I thought you died!" "So did a lot of people," Sirius said with a chuckle. "But, if you do not stop squeezing me, I may do so now from suffocation." Laughing, the taller wizard released Sirius. "My apologies. It just . . . ." Swallowing hard, Corvus fought to keep his jovial expression in place. "It feels as though there has been so little good news since my brother died." Hermione frowned. Though, now she understood why it was so hard to imagine that Augustin and Corvus were related. The smiles and friendliness Corvus displayed with ease were such a stark contrast to what she witnessed from Augustin in the short time she'd been in his company that thinking they were even from the same family, let alone the same egg, was a feat. But how could Voldemort's fall not have been good news if things were as Sirius said? "Sirius? Didn't you tell us he and Augustin didn't—?" "They're still brothers, Hermione," Sirius said with a shake of his head. "When you lose someone like that, it is difficult to appreciate even the best circumstances coming about." Oh, God! She'd been so thoughtless. Of course, Sirius would understand what Corvus was feeling. How grey his world must've been after Regulus' death, and here she was being so insensitive! "I'm sorry," she said, holding Sirius' gaze for a long moment before turning her attention to Corvus, still hovering just beyond the threshold. "I'm—I'm really so sorry, I didn't mean to be so callous." Corvus forced a bright grin, though the expression did not reach his eyes as he shook his head. "It's, um, it's fine. It's just still a bit of an open wound. You are, then, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter?" They nodded. Giving himself a sobering shake, Corvus stepped back and swept his arm toward the interior of the mansion. "Please, come in. I'll have Bodin put something on for everyone." Hermione and Harry accepted the invitation, followed by Sirius. As they made their way across the gleaming marble floor toward the sunroom Corvus had indicated, Hermione had the oddest feeling. She could hear hushed conversation between them, just beyond her range of hearing to make out any words. Unable to focus on the opulence of their surroundings, she turned her head to glance back at the pair trailing them. Although they each just as quickly looked away, giving her reason to think it could've been the simple coincidence of passing gazes, she could not shake the sensation that Sirius and Corvus had been watching her as they crossed the house. Could not shake the impression that whatever that hushed discussion had been about, it had something to do with her .