of being hexed or cursed before Snape suddenly seemed to remember himself and all hell broke loose. Merlin, he really is frustrating. "He really does hate me doesn't he?" James tried for a smile, "If it makes you feel any better he probably hates me just as much as he hates you." Sirius gave a snort, "At least you still have Evans to fall back on." "You're hardly one to talk with all those girls you date." "That's different." "Different how?" "They aren't Snape." James let out a sigh, "Neither is Lily." Sirius turned his head towards his friend, "I'm sorry about what I said too and I suppose, I just thought that since you started dating Evans you were over him." "Well, it wasn't fair of me to try and hold onto him while I'm with her. Can't have everything I want can I?" Sirius laughed as he looked back up at the ceiling, when James spoke again, "Do you think I should break up with Lily?" Sirius frowned, "What on earth for?" James blushed and Sirius let out a heavy sigh, "Oh you have got to be kidding me? What happened to sticking to the promise?" "Well I was thinking, it might not be so bad sharing Snape, as long as it was just with you." James said that last part quickly when Sirius' eyes went wide. "You can't be serious." "Well I'm not but you are." James said with a grin and Sirius couldn't help but let out another laugh this time groaning as it caused a pain to ache in his ribs, "He'd never agree to that." "Won't know until we try. So how about it, shall we make a new deal?" Sirius stared back at his best friend for a moment before a wide grin broke out over his face, "Definitely." "Good, now I just need to figure out a way of breaking it off with Evans without upsetting Snape." "Wait." Sirius started as he turned his head as far as it could go to face his friend, "How is this going to work anyway? Do I get him Monday through Wednesdays and you get him the rest or-" Just then the door to the medical wing opened and both wizards froze as a lanky, pale dark haired boy slowly walked into the room. The two almost flushed as the Slytherin looked up at them with an arched brow as he stepped into the room, before letting out a snort. "I see your skills in potion making are finally paying off." Sirius couldn't help but growl at the comment, "Sod off, Snape." Old habits die hard. James bit back a sigh, while Severus just smirked as he walked further into the room and stopped to stand between their beds where they were levitating, "I have to say, I'm a little curious to know what it was that had depleted your attention span even more than usual. Some of the students seem to think that you were arguing over something. Trouble in paradise?" Sirius paused as his flush got darker when James quickly spoke, "You sound worried Snape, is that why you came in here; to check up on us? I have to say I'm touched." Snape sneered, "Don't flatter yourself Potter; I didn't come in here to grace myself with your presence." "Then why are you here?" The Slytherin opened his mouth to speak when another voice suddenly came from the bed on the other side of the room that had its curtains drawn. "Severus?" a head of tawny blonde hair suddenly appeared behind the curtain and a very weak and sickly looking Remus appeared. Sirius' eyes went wide at the exact same time as James' when they suddenly remembered that the night before had been the night of the full moon and they totally missed it due to the accident. The marauders were about to apologize to their friend when something so shocking happened that they were both rendered speechless. "What do you think you're doing you stupid dog?" Snape hissed as he rushed over to Remus' side and caught him before he could stumble as he stepped forward carrying some of his weight as he pushed the curtains away with his free hand and helped Remus back into the bed. "You're ill; you shouldn't be out of bed right now." "I heard your voice and I wanted to see you." Remus said with a tired smile as Severus put his feet up on the bed and pulled the sheets up over the wolf, "I missed you." Snape did what James and Sirius used to think was impossible, when his cheeks suddenly flushed in a dark blush but still managed to glare as he eased the wolf back onto the bed, "For all you claims that you're not a dog you certainly behave like one." Remus frowned, "Are you saying that you didn't miss me?" Snape's blush went one shade darker and he just let out a frustrated sigh as he leaned down to press a lingering kiss on the werewolf's lips, "There, does that answer your question?" A beaming smile broke out on Remus' face, "Not really, you should probably give me another just to be sure." Severus rolled his eyes, "Honestly, you're just as insufferable as your friends." "But you still love me more right?" As the two continued James just stared at them at a complete loss for words until Sirius spoke, "Did-Did we lose to Moony?" James didn't know what to say, until Severus went down to pick up Remus' tie which had fallen off the side table beside the bed when the werewolf suddenly looked up at his friends and gave them a wink and the hazel eyed wizard couldn't help but gape. "That sneaky bastard." Severus stood back up and Remus' face became the picture of innocence when the other sat down on the bed beside him. "He really is just like us." The End A/N: Please review.