her, she finally—reluctantly—decided. As they climbed the familiar grey stone steps, she busied herself with checking over her schedule. Unfurling the scroll in her hands, she nearly tripped, again, at the first words her gaze landed upon. Advanced Transfiguration . . . . Professor Sirius Black . Sirius? He was alive ? Forcing a gulp down her throat, Hermione counted her blessings that she'd not stumbled again. She closed the scroll as they reached the landing and started down the second floor corridor. Okay, Hermione, this . . . this makes sense. Just calm down and think it through. Yes, of course it made sense. If . . . if there was no Second Wizarding War, then Voldemort had not risen. If Voldemort had not risen, the Death Eaters locked away in Azkaban had never broken out. There'd been no battle in the Department of Mysteries. Bellatrix Lestrange hadn't been roaming free to cast the hex that knocked him into the Arch. She was so happy tears blurred her vision before she managed to blink them away. But wait. If there'd been no battle in the DoM, then did she no longer bear the scar from Antonin Dolohov's mysterious curse? The motion was involuntary as she raised her arm to press her fingers just below her collarbone, where the scar started. It ran across her body to the opposite hip. She'd become quite accustomed to the sight; the mere notion of checking to see if it was still there when she had some privacy felt strange. Lucius noticed the movement and turned his head to look down at her. "Miss Granger?" She dropped her arm back to her side and lifted her gaze to meet his. "Hmm?" "Something wrong?" "Oh, no." He tipped his head to one side, rather eloquently conveying his disbelief. Hermione did not elaborate, but was aware of her brows drawing up her forehead in slow, pained increments as they stared at one another. He uttered a small hmph as he smirked and shook his head. "Have it your way." Just when she thought she could take no more of his unbearable kindness, and the even more unbearable pleasantness of being pressed to his side, he turned toward a classroom door. Hermione hadn't even stopped to consider that he'd been leading her up stairs rather than down to the potions room in the dungeons. But hadn't he said he was taking her to Professor Snape's class? This . . . this was . . . . He opened the door and ushered her inside. A tall, slender figure with longish jet hair—yes, that she quite recognized—was turned away from the class, scribbling madly on the blackboard. She read the information as it flew from his hand, but . . . this was Defense Against the Dark Arts? Snape was the DADA professor? At the sound of Lucius closing the door behind him, not only did the class turn toward the sound, but Severus Snape whirled on his heel in an impatient gesture to face the interruption. Hermione was so startled by what she saw she was surprised she managed to remain rooted to the spot where she was. Instinct screamed at her about how wrong this was—but then, what was new today?—and that she should backpedal. When she didn't, and her second option became hiding behind Lucius, she dug her fingernails into her palm to ground herself. Definitely, she had definitely gone mad. The man standing at the front of the classroom, writing in Professor Snape's hand, wearing Professor Snape's typical black robes, with Professor Snape's lank and mussed black hair hanging in his eyes . . . was not a man she recognized. Unlike the mostly unchanged faces of Lucius Malfoy and Madam Pomfrey, he was a stranger to her. Yet, the way his eyes—blue, she could see from here, not the dark eyes she remembered, at all—darted from Lucius, to her as his face twisted into an unpleasant expression was painfully familiar. But that face, itself, simply was not. "Lucius, explain this interruption, and my student's tardiness." "That would be why I'm here, Severus." By some miracle, Hermione managed to keep her eyes from widening at the acknowledgement as Lucius led her to the empty seat beside Harry. Lucius leaned across her—apparently not one to care about invading personal space, now—to whisper something to Harry. She could only assume he was filling in the younger wizard about her head trauma. Giving her a parting nod, Lucius straightened and walked to the front of the room to engage Professor Snape in a similarly hushed discussion. "What happened to Professor Snape?" she asked Harry in a whisper before she could stop herself. "Why does he look different?" Harry flicked a glance toward the front of the classroom before whispering back. "Now I know you hit your head. Charm backfire?" She only blinked, her expression blank. "Reconfigured his face?" Still, nothing. Harry let out a quiet sigh. "Took him weeks to recover, and then he was more intolerable than usual for a few more weeks on top of that because he couldn't recognize himself. You really don't remember this, do you?" "Sorry, it's . . . ." Swallowing hard, she shook her head. "It's all a bit fuzzy." A charm backfire that took such a toll sounded awful. What he looked like now was probably the end result of a very painful process. How unfortunate for him. Although . . . . She could not take her eyes off that unfamiliar face, even as Harry tugged at her sleeve in an attempt to regain her attention. She'd always considered Severus Snape strangely distinguished looking. Yet, now, the man standing there, his gaze leaping to her every few seconds as he spoke with this bizarrely kind Lucius Malfoy . . . . Well, he was really rather dashing, wasn't he? She felt the faintest tingling of warmth flood her cheeks and had to remind herself to breathe. Oh, bollocks.