long the ceremony would take. Would she have to answer questions in front of the whole school? Would she have to perform magic already? Cedric had never really told her anything about the sorting ceremony, neither had their parents. "Now, if you would please form a line and follow me," Professor McGonagall suddenly said, interrupting Evie's train of thought. She got in line behind Ginny and followed the professor back into the hall and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall, where the other students and teachers were already waiting. Evie swallowed as she took a quick look around, and suddenly she espied Cedric's brown shock of hair as he was giving her the thumbs up. He was sitting amongst the other Hufflepuffs, golden plates and goblets in front of him. Professor McGonagall led them up to the table at the top of the Hall where the teachers were sitting and they came to a halt, facing the other students. All eyes were on the first-years now. Professor McGonagall turned and placed a stool in front of the first-years on which she put a pointed wizard's hat. Evie stared at the hat and then it suddenly twitched, and it began to sing as a rip near the brim opened wide. The hat recited an introductory song, but before Evie had the chance to get lost in its melody, the hat had finished and the whole Hall burst into applause. Professor McGonagall stepped forward again, holding a long roll of parchment. She looked at them sternly, but not unfriendly. "When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," she said. "Avery, Matilda!" A plumb girl with black hair shuffled out of line, put on the hat and sat down onto the wooden chair. After a moment's pause the rip near the brim opened again and the hat shouted: "SLYTHERIN!" The table second from the right clapped and cheered as Matilda took off the hat and walked over to the Slytherins. Evie's hands had begun to shake. "Brady, Ethan!" "RAVENCLAW!" the hat shouted this time, and it was time for the table second from the left to clap this time. "Cambron, Susan" then became another Slytherin. "Creevey, Colin!" Professor McGonagall called, and the mousy-haired boy with the camera stumbled forward, slightly bumping into Evie on his way to put on the sorting hat. Colin , Evie thought as she narrowed her eyes at the boy whose head got completely swallowed by the sorting hat. She could only hope they would get sorted into different houses. "GRYFFINDOR!" screamed the hat after a while and it was time for the table on the far left to explode with cheers. Colin ripped off the hat and staggered towards the Gryffindors who welcomed him cordially. "Diggory, Evangeline!" As Evie stepped forward, she could feel her legs and hands shake. Before she put on the hat and sat down, she could see Cedric crane his neck to get a better look at her, but then the hat dropped over her eyes and blocked him from view. "Well, well, well," a small voice said in her ear. "I see a brilliant mind, very talented. Cunning, too, oh yes. You have the courage to achieve great things, yes, yes. So where shall I put you?" Evie scooted forward, her hands sweaty. "Well," the voice continued, "it better be ... GRYFFINDOR!" The last word was shouted to the whole Hall and Evie took off the hat with shaky hands to walk towards the Gryffindors, who were cheering loudly. Before Evie sat down next to Colin, she turned around and saw that Cedric was grinning from ear to ear and gave her the thumbs up again. Now it was finally time for Evie to grin back at her brother and she waved at him. "Welcome to Gryffindor!" two redheads called at Evie from across the table and she recognized them as Ginny's brothers and, hence, the mischief-makers from the train who had thrown the dungbombs. Colin was also beaming at Evie with bright eyes while "Lovegood, Luna" was declared a Ravenclaw. After quite some time, there were only five people left to be sorted until it was finally Ginny's turn. When the hat finally shouted "GRYFFINDOR!" Evie couldn't believe her luck and she clapped loudly with the rest as Ginny sat down next to her. "Well done, Ginny," another redhead said. Evie assumed him to be Ginny's oldest brother at Hogwarts. He had a shiny badge with a large 'P' pinned to his chest and seemed to be very proud of it. "Where are Ron and Harry?" asked Ginny in a whispered voice as she looked around the table. Headmaster Dumbledore had gotten up from his seat and was welcoming everybody and Evie suddenly remembered that she now shared a house with the famous Harry Potter. She also took a good look around, but couldn't find him. One of the twins just shrugged and began to dig into some of the food that had suddenly appeared in front of them. "Last time we saw them was back at King's Cross," he said. "Do you think Harry will give me an autograph?" Colin suddenly asked, his voice filled with hope. "Yeah, if you kiss his feet first he probably will," the other twin mused, stuffing mashed potatoes into his mouth. The other chuckled. "Fred, stop it," the oldest sibling reprimanded his brother and looked at Colin, whose whole face had fallen, with pity. "I'm sure Harry will sign an autograph if he gets asked nicely." Colin's face lit up again and Evie rolled her eyes. When she looked up, Cedric was smiling at her proudly, and Evie finally felt at ease for the first time in weeks. Some of the lines you might've recognised, mainly McGonagall's speech, were taken from Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone . Please read and review; it would mean a lot to me :)