of time for questions later, we need to get them upstairs." Molly stood up straight and immediately pulled out her wand, "Tell your father, Bill, Fleur and Charlie to come out we need to put up new wards." The twins nodded and Molly started walking towards the edge of the Burrow, ignoring the shocked screams and gasps of protests she heard from the house mere moments later. Before she heard Arthur running out to catch up with her along with Bill, Charlie and Fleur. "Molly. Molly! What in Merlin's name-" "There's no time to explain. We need to protect the Burrow." Molly said quickly just knowing that if she tried to explain she'd find a way to talk herself out of the absolutely insane decision she decided to make on a whim. Damn Alexis for corrupting her so easily! They set up the new wards working as quickly as possible while still managing to make them strong enough to keep any unwanted guests at bay in case any more Death eaters decided to show up on their doorstep. In a move that admittedly surprised even Molly herself, she agreed to Arthur's suggestion that the wards keep out any and all intruders, whether they were light or dark. Including Albus Dumbledore, she wasn't sure why, but she knew that Albus couldn't find out about this, not if they were all going to stay at least moderately safe. On the way back to the house both Arthur and Bill drilled her on what was going on and why the Lestrange brothers were taking up residence in their house. Molly just sighed and said that she couldn't turn Lee away. Surprisingly enough Arthur smiled and they quickly made their way back to try and get some answers from Lee instead. Only when they got back the house was quiet, with nothing more than Lee's sobs filling the otherwise silent house. As they made their way up the stairs towards the attic where the twins used to sleep they found various members of their family standing around the door with shocked expressions. Arthur frowned as he paused beside Fred to ask, "What's wrong?" Shockingly enough the twin was rendered speechless as George just pointed into the room. Ron stood by the door with Blaise standing beside the teen with his arms around the redhead and they both just stared at the two on the floor in the center of the room. Harry was on his knees, with a strange looking book lying open beside him as he let out heavy panting breaths. Lee was on the ground with him. He had his arms wrapped tight around the younger man's neck as he cried and sobbed into his neck. "Thank you Harry, thank you so much." "What's going on?" Molly asked as she entered the room giving Ron and Blaise a glance causing the redhead to look away before she let out a soft sigh and looked over towards the beds. Rodolphus lay on the one to the right and Rabastan on the left. Dudley seemed to be at Rabastan's side, healing his many cuts and bruises while Alexis stood leaning over Rodolphus as she inspected his left arm carefully. "Incredible." The woman said in wonder as she dropped the man's hand and rushed over to Rabastan to inspect his arm as well, causing Dudley to pause as he just watched her. Molly's frown deepened, "Zabini what-" "The marks… they're gone." Lady Zabini said softly before she stood up straight to turn towards the others. "Harry got rid of them… he removed the dark marks." Molly's eyes went wide. So much can change in six months. But what changes isn't what's important. What's important is how it starts. One event leads to another which leads to another and so forth and so forth. A chain reaction of unforeseeable events This chain in particular started with a simple ride on a broom. "Relax." Ron blushed at the deep sultry voice that spoke against his ear, silently praying that the Slytherin standing right behind him couldn't see the red that was slowly spreading over his face. The redhead took a deep breath of the cool night air and wrapped his hands around the broom he stood over as he cursed himself for agreeing to do this in the first place. He bit back a squeak as two arms went around him from behind while a hard chest pressed against his back to hold the front of the broom. Ron tried to ignore the heat of the other body that was slowly seeping through his clothes and into his skin while warm breath brushed up against his neck, making the redhead curse himself some more for agreeing to get on a broom with Blaise Zabini of all people. "Tell me again why it is that I have to sit on the front." Ron growled in annoyance when Blaise suddenly moved forward and spoke right against his ear, resulting in an involuntary shiver to go speeding down his spine. "Because I drive better from behind." Ron's blush instantly darkened at that and he was about to tell Zabini off when the Slytherin suddenly kicked off the ground and they went shooting up into the sky. The night was not going the way he'd planned at all. He was just going to go outside the castle, get some fresh air and clear his head. That's all. How on earth did things get so screwed up?! A/N: So just to give you guys a heads up so far the pairings are like this: Ron/Blaise, Rodolphus/Lee/Rabastan, Harry/Severus (Top Harry/bottom Severus, cause that's how I roll), Luna/Theo, Pansy/Neville, Viktor/Dudley, later Charlie/Dudley, Sirius/Arthur (maybe) However these pairings may change at a later date Haven't decided on what I'm going to do with Remus, Lucius, Narcissa, Draco, Percy, the twins, Bill and Fleur yet. The next chapters are not going to be as long as this one, this was just the intro. Anyway please review