on him when she said it. Narcissa's eyes narrowed down at her sister, "We don't know that he's pure Bella." "Cristea is a pureblood name." Avery suddenly said from his seat across from Severus, "Actually, from what I understand, the bloodline died out decades ago. Apparently they still had an heir hiding away somewhere." The group stilled when the blonde finally reached the table, with some eager faces near the group of fourth and fifth years moving a bit to the side to make some room while others attempted to watch the young man discreetly as they ate. To Severus' complete and total utter shock lord Cristea was walking right towards him and the Slytherin couldn't help but glance at the empty seat beside him. It was always empty, the only ones that sometimes sat beside him at meal times were Narcissa, Regulus, Lucius when he was still in school and Rosier when it seemed like he and Avery were at each other's throats again. His blood status usually made the rest of his house mates stay away. Severus tried to take a deep breath to calm his nerves; he couldn't be coming over to sit beside him. He wouldn't. "Is this seat taken?" Severus almost froze at the voice that spoke up beside him and he looked up at the older teen through his hair to find that same slight smile on his lips. "I wouldn't do that if I were you." Bellatrix suddenly said twirling a spoon between her fingers as she kept a steady gaze on the blonde with her eyes flickering to Severus for just a moment, "It's not exactly the cleanest seat at the table, if you get my meaning." Narcissa glared at her sister and Severus fought back against the heat that rushed to his cheeks in humiliation when the teen spoke surprising all those that heard him. "It looks absolutely perfect from where I'm standing." The blonde said as he slid onto the bench and his smile grew a little more as he held out his hand towards the boy beside him. "Lord Sebastian Sorin Cristea the fifth, and you are?" Severus just stared at the hand in surprise before he took it and gave it a shake, "Severus Snape, it's a pleasure to meet you lord Cristea." Before pulling back or rather trying to pull back as the hand around his own suddenly tightened. Cristea smiled "Severus Snape, the pleasure is all mine." The blonde said as he raised Snape's hand to press a kiss on his knuckles and Severus couldn't stop the hot blush that suddenly spread over his face at the action, "Please, call me Sebastian. I have a feeling that you and I will become good friends Severus. May I call you Severus?" Severus just stared back at the other, at a complete loss for words until he suddenly heard Narcissa giggle quietly behind him and he quickly cleared his throat, "Severus is fine." "Then Severus it is." Sebastian said pressing another kiss on the boy's hand before letting go and turning back to the food spread out on the table. The raven quickly looked away, brushing his hair behind his ear when he felt Narcissa nudge him as she whispered. "Good friends, hmm?" "Shut up." Severus hissed back at her and his eyes briefly caught Bellatrix scowling at him from her seat while Narcissa just smirked. Unbeknownst to any of them three pairs of eyes were watching the scene across the hall. One brown, one blue and another amber gold. Sirius was scowling at the scene repeatedly stabbing his bacon with a fork before he finally spoke, "What the hell was that?" Remus glanced over to his friend before letting out a sigh despite the way his hand clenched around his goblet as he spoke, "Sirius don't start." "Start with what?" "You know what, its Snape's right to make friends with whoever he chooses to be friends with." Remus said trying to take a deep breath before looking down at his plate of French toast. While Sirius growled, "That didn't look like a friendly gesture to me Moony." "It's none of our business." "The hell it isn't!" "Why do you care?" Remus suddenly hissed looking up at his friend with a glare, "You hate him remember?" Sirius stuttered for a moment before he managed to pull himself together to answer, "Of course I do." "Then why do you care?" "I don't." Sirius said defensively as he shoved a piece of bacon into his mouth, "It just figures that lord Cristea would be a slimy snake, he's probably a death eater too. No wonder Snivellus is the first person he talked to." Remus sighed again as he glanced over to James who was sitting on his left and frowned at the way the Gryffindor's jaw seemed to have clenched and his eyes had suddenly darkened. "James, are you alright mate?" James seemed to blink as he looked back at his friend in surprise. "What?" "I asked if you were alright." Remus explained with a tilt of his head, "You've been glaring at Slytherin for ages." James quickly cleared his throat and sat up a little more in his seat, "It's nothing. I'm fine." "Are you sure?" James gave him a smile, "Positive." Remus watched his friend for another moment before going back to his breakfast. James on the other hand just lifted his gaze so he was looking across the hall all over again. Bright hazel narrowed down in anger as something unpleasant stirred in his chest as he watched Cristea lean in to say something to Snape, the raven's cheeks colored with a light rosy flush as he nodded his head before answering and that feeling in his chest got even stronger. A/N: Yeah. Two chapters including this one. This was meant to be a one shot but it sort of got out of hand, so I'm not going to draw this out too long. Anywho, please review.