down to rub at her clit and she almost drew blood as her cunt began to contract around him, her hips bucking helplessly as she came. He fucked her relentlessly through her orgasm, as she whimpered and writhed and finally squealed in his arms. His own climax was ripped unceremoniously from him. He had wanted to draw out the enjoyment but it was simply too much. Her mingled sounds of her pleasure and pain gloriously combined with the tight wet heat of her sex and the stunning visual of her bouncing breasts and stretched cunt was more than he could take and he thrust himself hard inside her for the final time feeling the end of his cock bounce off her cervix as he followed her into oblivion. He clung to her, panting, his face buried once more in her hair. For a few seconds he allowed himself to revel in the extraordinary feelings she inspired in him before he forcefully suppressed them. He relaxed nonchalantly back into his chair reaching for her discarded and forgotten brandy glass. She remained sprawled across him in a state of inelegant dishabille. Tendrils of hair clung to her chest and neck, her bruised nipples still standing to attention despite the warmth of the fire. She smelt of aroused woman and perfume and sex and he breathed in the heady combination, enjoying the contrast with the rich scent of his brandy. Her head lolled back against the curve of his neck and it was several minutes before she spoke. "Lucius?" Her voice was soft, tired. "Mmm?" "Don't you think we should tell him?" "Tell who what?" He allowed his fingers to drift back to her inner thigh. "You're being deliberately obtuse." Her soft gasp of pleasure as his fingers explored the love bite he had just discovered belied the irritation in her voice. "Am I?" "You know you are." He allowed his fingers to drift a little higher to where his seed was trickling from between her legs. He swiped his fingers though the moisture, drawing it upwards towards her clit. "He's your best friend." The words came through gritted teeth. "Who is?" He gently circled the little bundle of nerves, keeping his touch whisper soft. "Severus!" She arched her back against him as he deliberately pinched her clit. "Ah yes Severus." He went back to his gentle teasing, splaying his other hand across her belly to keep her pelvis still. "Of course he's my best friend, that's why I let him fuck my wife." He felt himself begin to stiffen again. Such a feat shouldn't even be possible at his age. She was going to be the death of him. He struggled to concentrate on her words as he slowly increased the pressure of his circling fingers. "But he feels so guilty Lucius." She shifted against him giving a soft gasp of pleasure before she shook her head and resolutely continued. "Every time he begs me not to tell you what we've done. He tells me how much he cares about you, what a wonderful friend you are and he swears it will never happen again. But it always does, the guilt is killing him!" Lucius snorted even as he ground his erection against her backside. "Considering you are married to one Slytherin and conducting an affair with another you remain painfully ignorant regarding our nature." Her body stiffened. He could feel displeasure radiating off of her at the implied insult to her intellect even as she continued to respond to his dexterous fingers. "Well please enlighten me Mr Malfoy since you consider me so ignorant." Her haughty tone and half-hearted attempt to pull away from him was entirely negated by the moan of pleasure she gave as he scraped the nail of his thumb over her clit." He nipped at the side of her jaw, his hand leaving her belly to once more pinch her sore nipples. "You see my dear," he kept his tone as patronising as possible. "The only thing that turns me on more than the thought of you fucking dear Severus is imagining the cataclysm of guilt the action causes him. The thought that every time he comes into your perfect little cunt..." he paused to press his thumb more firmly against her clit and she sobbed with pleasure, "...he suffers the terrible agony of betraying his best friend, the man who saved his life. It's exquisite don't you think?" "You're sick." She whispered the words against his neck, her hips bucking helplessly as he kept her just on the edge of orgasm. "Perhaps a little." He shifted his aching cock against her. "But if it makes you feel any better my darling, soft hearted wife, I can assure you that our mutual friend revels in the sweet agony. Imagine, Severus Snape cuckolding Lucius Malfoy with none other than the Gryffindor Princess, Hermione Granger, Harry Potters' best friend. Imagine his excitement in believing he has lured you away from me, that you are willing to risk everything I have given you just for the privilege of a few minutes of his cock inside you. He was whispering directly into her ear, his tongue flickering against the sensitive skin. His hardened cock pressed insistently against her backside. A trickle of sweat slithered down between her breasts to her abdomen and she writhed against the pressure of his thumb on her clit. "You're obscene." Her accusation sounded more like a compliment. "I know." He shoved two fingers deep inside her leaking slit and she screamed as she came hard around them. "That's why you love me." "Yes!" He wasn't sure if her cry was in agreement with his statement or a plea for him to continue finger fucking her but he hooked his fingers forwards mercilessly stimulating her G spot and intensifying her orgasm. "Yes what?" His voice was like steel as he bit her neck, adding his mark to the patina already there. "Yes that's why I love you."