so far away though and to somebody else. She waited patiently for it to be over. Dimly though the doorway of her safe room she heard Lucius speak. "I believe that is enough Bella, it is bad enough to be married to a mudblood don't leave her an imbecile too." The pain receded and Hermione gradually allowed her consciousness to slip back into her body. She was curled on the floor, her knees drawn up to her chest, small crescent shaped indents on the palms of her hands where she had clenched them in agony. "It didn't scream." Bella was pouting at Voldemort. Lucius was staring fixedly ahead. Hermione braced herself for another blast but Voldemort seemed disinclined to allow Bellatrix to play further. "I'm sure Luciusss will find a way to break her sspirit, my dear." He looked down at Hermione who had made no effort to rise. "You will be married at the ministry of magic in one month's time." His red eyes turned towards Lucius. "I suggest you make sure she is more docile by then Luciusss." He rose and left the room his entourage filing out behind him. Hermione remained on the floor, breathing slowly, mentally assessing her body. Her muscles were fasiculating wildly she noticed with some interest. Her increased muscle tone rendered her less quick to recover from the cruciatus than before. What an unpleasant side effect to physical fitness. Somewhere above her Lucius Malfoy cleared his throat. She looked up to see that he had extended his hand to her. It was large, the fingernails neat and well manicured. Several rings adorned the fingers. She considered ignoring it but then decided there was little point in spiting him. Her body ached and it would be easier to rise with his help than without. She placed her fingers in his and allowed him to pull her to her feet. "That was either very brave or very stupid," he remarked, averting his eyes as she leant on the table breathing heavily. The world spun around her. "You think I should not aggravate your master?" she asked breathlessly. "Not if you wish to live." She straightened up meeting his grey eyes squarely. "Living is not particularly high on my list of priorities." He regarded her silently for a moment before dropping his gaze. "I will show you to your room," He turned and swept out of the room, clearly expecting her to follow. She considered the wandless stupefy again before remembering that she could barely stand, let alone stun anyone. She followed him as best she could on her trembling legs until they came to a large and rather grand staircase. Malfoy started up it but turned halfway when he realised that Hermione was clinging to the banister only three steps up. She refused to look at him, angry at herself for showing any weakness, angry with her body for letting her down so quickly. He muttered something inelegant under his breath before he descended the stairs and lifted her into his arms. "Put me down." She struggled against him. "Be still you little fool." He shook her hard, as one might shake an errant kitten, and to her own surprise she stopped struggling. There seemed little point in protesting, her muscles were too weak to fight him. She might as well preserve her strength. He carried her easily, as if she weighed nothing and after a moment she rested her head against his chest enjoying the warmth he emanated. Cold had been her constant companion in the dungeon, only kept at bay by hours of exercise. Starved of physical contact for so long she was acutely aware of the touch of his body against hers, the beating of his heart, the slow inhalation and exhalation which seemed unaffected by carrying a dead weight up a lengthy staircase. Lucius Malfoy was carrying her up the stairs of Malfoy Manor. She was living the romantic dreams of a hundred Slytherin girls, she almost laughed at the thought. He did not set her down when they reached the top of the stairs, merely shifted her weight in his arms and carried her to the end of a long corridor. "This is your room." He kicked open a door and set her down carefully just inside it. She clutched his arm feeling her legs about to buckle, but quickly pulled away as soon as she was able to take her own weight. The room was a vast improvement on her cell. In fact it looked like the bedroom in a muggle regency novel. The walls were lined with heavy cream paper with a busy blue floral pattern, the large bed was covered in a matching blue and white bed spread and a pretty white dressing table and vanity mirror stood in one corner. A large floor to ceiling window faced out onto the grounds of the manor and, forgetting herself for a moment she crossed to the window and pressed her hands against the glass staring out at the expanse of lawn, at the sun, at the sky. "I thought the world was gone," she said to herself. Malfoy cleared his throat and she spun to face him, wondering if he was about to begin her subjugation. He was simply staring at her, his head tilted slightly to one side. "I suggest you bathe and change." His voice was expressionless, "You may go where you please in the manor with the exception of my chambers. I would ask that you do not attempt to escape, the wards are most powerful. You may summon an elf if you require assistance, however they have been instructed not to allow you to leave." She nodded her understanding as he began to withdraw. "Dinner is at seven." "Wait!" He paused in the doorway. "You want me to eat with you?" He didn't reply immediately, his face cold. "Dinner is at seven." He repeated before he closed the door and she was left alone.