his fingers through his longish black hair in an exasperated gesture. "You're chained and unarmed and I have a wand. I've got a job to do. Now come here, or I'll make you." Surprising her, she heard Fenrir Greyback whisper, "Go." There was a note of warning in that single word that prompted her into motion. She moved on reluctant footsteps to stand before the Death Eater. Never had she been this close to him, and she didn't want to be, now. The memories of his attempt to end her life sent little, flitting sparks across her chest and stomach, running along the path his curse had taken when he'd struck her with it in the Department of Mysteries. For a few, strained and uneasy heartbeats, he only stood before her, holding her gaze. Clearing his throat, he gestured into the area where she'd woken, once more. "Go on." Hermione didn't want to turn and look. She didn't want to see the things she'd thought were scattered around that portion of the chamber. Steeling her nerves, she pivoted on a heel. There was an ancient-looking bed, some equally antiquated bedroom furniture, a short stack of shelves stuffed with books. She felt her gut churning. She'd known she was a prisoner . . . but the clear evidence that Harry meant her to live here for who knew how long turned her stomach inside out. Yet, none of that was as terrible as the other side of her room. Before her was an apothecary station, exam table, and crates filled with all manner of potions ingredients stacked neatly by a cauldron. "Why you?" she asked as she moved to the exam table. Hermione turned back to face him as she lifted herself up to sit. The expression pinching his features was strangely thoughtful as he frowned, his head tipping side-to-side as he followed her. As he extracted his wand from the inside pocket of his robes, he shrugged. "If I had to guess, I'd say it's probably the medical knowledge I've acquired through my work with information extraction." She recoiled on the table. "I think you meant to say torture ." Again, he shrugged after another moment's thought. "Potato, potah-to." He stepped closer and she recoiled, further. "I . . . you're not going to make me undress or anything, are you?" Antonin eyed her for several seconds. "That won't be necessary, unless you feel it would make the examination more thorough, somehow." "Certainly not!" He actually smirked. The predicament she'd woken to, and he was laughing at her. She tried to keep her words to herself as he closed the distance between them to start scanning her limbs and torso with his wand. She didn't like that he was so close his hip occasionally bumped her knee. She didn't like that even though she wasn't looking at him, she could feel the weight of his gaze on her face. He was trying to unnerve her, and she knew it. His hand brushed her throat as he swept her hair back to examine her neck and shoulders. She tried not to shiver as he reached around her to cup the back of her head, his fingertips sinking into the wild, golden-brown tangle to rub her scalp in search of any bumps or gashes. Having his hands on her as he stood so near that she could feel his breath on her made her want to jump out of her skin. As he finished the examination, she hissed out the words, "God, I hate you." He backpedaled half a step and then braced his palms on either side of her upon the table. Holding her gaze with narrowed eyes, he asked, "Do you really?" Forcing a gulp down her throat, she nodded. "Good." His lips twisted up at one corner as he flicked over her with his eyes before returning them to hers. " Keep that fire. You'll live longer." He moved back from her then, and she felt the oddest sense of cold in his absence. Ignoring it, she watched him walk away. At the entry to her spacious stone alcove—she couldn't try to trick herself into thinking of this as a room—he glanced back at her over his shoulder. Nodding toward the bed, he said, "You should get some rest. Someone will be down to bring you something to eat and take you to wash yourself up, soon enough." "Wait." The word was out before she could stop it. But he was still looking at her, so she pushed herself to ask, "What is it Harry wants with me?" "I'm not permitted to say." After a moment—and with a bizarre sense of what she thought might be sympathy—he tacked on, "But I can tell you you're going to need your strength. So, do as I say and rest up." And then he was gone. Several pained and quiet heartbeats passed before she managed to pull herself down from the exam table. She could hear Fenrir's pained and shallow breathing in the distance, though it sounded a bit slower, a little less labored. He'd probably managed to fall asleep, somehow. Glancing out the high, narrow window, the setting of night peeked through the bars. She should rest, too, she supposed. There was nothing else to do, after all. They weren't likely to have her stashed away any place where unwanted parties might be able to hear her scream. And she'd woken with a deep sense of exhaustion she simply could not shake. Making her way to the bed, the events that ended the Battle of Hogwarts played through her head, again. She pulled back the covers and shook them out, relieving them of a covering of dust—the pillowcase and sheets shockingly pristine, in comparison. Crawling beneath the blankets, she pressed her cheek into the pillow and closed her eyes. Though, it wasn't long before the wretched memory of watching her best friend die saw to Hermione Granger crying herself to sleep.