off alarm bells, and she turned quickly to its source, to the man standing stockstill by the open arched doorway, several feet in front of her. His eyes were wide and brown, pupils blown out almost completely. "Goodness, George, you look an absolute fright! What are you doing here?" she asked, leaning forward over the table to scrutinize him. "Are you ill?" For his part, he did look rather poorly, pale white and visibly shaking. He didn't seem aware of the tremors in his own hands, though, busy as he was staring at her. Gaping, really, looking more than a bit touched in the head. Hermione rose swiftly from her chair and moved over to him, staggering for a second as she stood, her feet not quite used to her weight after sitting for so long. But it was only a moment, and in the next, she was right in front of him. Reaching up, she placed the back of her right hand on his forehead, then copied the gesture, putting the back of her left hand on her own forehead, like her mum used to do for her. George flinched at her touch. Then he opened and closed his mouth like a sputtering, freckled fish. "I'm - You're -" "Hold still a moment," Hermione cut him off, leaning into his stocky form and pressing her fingers more firmly against his forehead. His skin was clammy, and her brows knit with concern. "You don't seem to have a temperature," she said after a beat, dropping both of her hands. He swayed toward her as she removed them, forcing her to reach out quickly to catch him by the shoulders. Maybe his fever was just starting out? Or ending, possibly? Either way, he was certainly unwell and should probably be put to bed as a precautionary measure. She bit her lip to keep her face from showing any obvious displeasure. Weasleys were horrible, stubborn patients, and George certainly wasn't an exception. If anything, he was the rule. "Hermione?" George repeated in a soft, pained whisper. "Is that really you?" What? She jerked back and tilted her head up at him. "Yes, it's me. Are you..." She narrowed her eyes at him. "You are, aren't you? You're on something!" She scowled and would have crossed her arms if her hands weren't busy holding George up. She dug her fingers into the tendons of his neck, just a little. "You know I hate it when you and Ron and Lee test on yourselves. And why you've gone and done it just before your date with Angelina, I have no idea." George just stared at her, deaf to her scolding. "You're here. You're -" he stopped, choked, the words caught deep in his throat. Hermione sighed and waited for him to figure himself out, but he didn't say anything else. Instead, his dark brown eyes searched hers in a way that was becoming more and more unsettling with each passing second. Just as she was about to say something to break the uneasy silence, George leaned forward and reached out to her, his hand hesitating and tentative. As if in slow motion, his hand came closer and closer, and she watched its trajectory, rooted in place. His touch, when she felt it, was light, tender. His fingers trailed over her cheek, tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, curled softly down her jaw. With a slow, aching gentleness that hitched her breath, he tilted her chin up so all she could see were his bright brown eyes. She swallowed thickly. Whatever was happening felt strange and strong and intimate. Like something that didn't belong to her. Hermione flushed, immediately retracting her hands from his shoulders and taking two quick steps back. After a deep breath, she rubbed the back of her neck. Glanced down at her shoes and the floor and anywhere but straight ahead. "I—sorry about that, but you really do look unwell. Madame Pomfrey was here earlier taking stock of the Hospital Wing's stores, I think, so I'm sure we'll be able to find you a potion that will... clear up whatever's going on. I'll walk you. I'll just—let me go straighten my things, George, and I'll—" George caught her arm as she tried to move by him, cutting her off with a slightly unhinged laugh. "I can't believe— Fred ," he said abruptly, with fierce clarity. Hermione froze. Looking up at him, tense and fairly certain she hadn't heard him correctly over her own whirling, consuming embarrassment, she chose her next words cautiously, carefully, as if on tiptoe. This was dangerous, delicate territory, as she well knew. "I'm sorry, George, what was that?" " Fred ," George repeated, turning his head and pointing at himself. Well, at his ear. His wholly intact freckled left ear. "Oh." Fred. Somehow, she found it in herself to move her gaze from his ear to his eyes, to look at him, this dissonant creature, but she couldn't seem to do more than that, her brain suddenly vacant. Merlin, the useless organ wasn't even instructing her body to breathe properly, her chest was so tight—her entire body stiff and still. Fred. If this was a joke, it wasn't very funny. The Weasley in front of her shook his head slightly, as if dislodging the last vestiges of the stupor he'd been clutched by these last few minutes. He stepped toward her, catching her hands in his. His larger hands gripped hers tightly, tenderly, like he was holding a bird or a snitch, something small and precious that might flutter away given half a chance. He needn't have bothered. She couldn't move. Hermione blinked up at him stupidly, her heart caught in the vacuum of her throat. "Fred?" she asked. Her voice was weak, whispered. Barely there. And Fred—he laughed , his face splitting in a wide and wondrous grin. He pulled her closer, looking like he might cry. "Hermione," he said, " you're alive! "