looked up, would that be what he saw? "Okay." Harry looked up and met Professor Flitwick's eyes. They were filled with nothing except powerful, raw determination- so far from the emotions inside Professor McGonagall's eyes. "Mr. Potter, I will request you meet with me tomorrow at 5 o'clock - I believe you have a free time then?" At Harry's nod he continued. "I will do everything in my power to stop this, Mr. Potter. Trust me." Harry didn't. Oh, how he wanted to, wanted to trust everyone person that asked him to, but with everything from the Dursleys to Parseltongue to the stupid Triwizard Tournament to even Umbridge, he just simply couldn't do that anymore. But he hoped . Oh, he hoped with all of his heart and mind and whatever soul he had left. A few minutes later, Harry left Professor Flitwick's office, slightly dazed but happy. He held a pass from him explaining why he was out after curfew so he couldn't get detention, and he was out late enough that both Ron and Hermione had fallen asleep. He wondered what Professor Flitwick was going to do. The next day dawned bright and early, and Harry quickly got dressed. He only had breakfast and Transfiguration today, and then it was lunch and then it was town for him to meet Professor Flitwick again. He found himself unable to wait, quivering in both excitement and far. Would it be over soon? He found that he was up so early that even Hermione was still in her bed, so he walked down to the common room and hung out for the next couple of minutes. He spent most of his time tapping his fingers up and down the backs of the chairs and trying to casually wave to any other Gryffindors leaving the common room. But finally Ron and Hermione came down the stairs, nearly at the same time. "There you are!" Hermione exclaimed, darting toward him. "How did it go?" Her face was a bit pale from sleep, but her energy levels were as high as ever. Harry grinned despite himself. "Later, Hermione," he said. "I'll tell you about it over breakfast - I'm starving." "I'll agree to that, mate," Ron grumbled, rubbing his eyes. He already had his bag of books for the day, and Harry cursed and ran back upstairs to grab his. Hermione laughed. They walked together to the Great Hall, Ron and Hermione laughing and joking together. Harry didn't join in. He didn't find many things funny nowadays, more happy to stay in the backgrounds. While it had only really started this year, Ron and Hermione seemed to have adjusted to it, and for that he was grateful. Breakfast was rather simple, just pancakes and sausage and bacon. He ate quickly, but found that his stomach was nearly already full. He pushed it off as nervous for getting on with the day. Hermione prepared her barrage of questions for how his talk with Professor McGonagall went, and had asked the first question when Professor Flitwick stood up. Harry fell silent immediately, ignoring Hermione's confusion. He only had eyes for the professor. Standing barely changed his height, only boosting him a tenth of a meter. But Professor Flitwick didn't care; quickly, he stood up on the table, quickly drawing attention from every student and teacher in the room. "I have an announcement to make," he declared, voice strong and confident. He saw, in the corner of his eye, Harry Potter looking up at him with something unreadable carved into his face. He ignored his friends, focusing only on the Charms Professor. Hermione looked even more confused than he did. "It has come to my attention that there are certain teachers at this school that are willing to use illegal and dark objects on our students." There was a gasp that rippled over the room, whispers and murmurs and hisses rising and falling like tides. But Flitwick noticed Professor Umbridge sit ramrod-straight up in her chair, fixing him with a glare strong enough to melt stone. He grinned, just a little. "So I have decided to contact the necessary Ministry forces needed to stop this. Please, if any of you students have experienced torture under the hands of this teacher, come to my office. I can arrange an anonymous interview or simply get you the healing you need." Professor Flitwick inclined his head to the Great Hall, but Harry could see it was aimed at him. "That is all." Then he sat down to the rumors of the students to the panicked silence of Professor Umbridge to the confused looks from Professor McGonagall. Harry felt the edges of his lips twitch up. Though his hand still stung painfully and his friends were demanding answers from him and Professor Umbridge looked like she was planning his funeral, he was happy. Harry Potter met Professor Flitwick's eyes, and they both shared a smile. Hello ! So this is an interesting ( I hope) idea I had for a rather long fic. It explores a bit more of a depressed Harry, one who is quickly deteriorating with Professor Umbridge's detentions. Then he stumbles into Professor Flitwick and bam! The story is born! You probably noticed how Harry is thinking a lot differently. That's because he is a bit more clinically depressed and even a bit suicidal. If you notice something ok writing or doing wrong, please tell me! I'll fix it, because I want to make this as correct as possible. So anyway, I hope you like the idea. A bit policital, a bit depressed, a lot co fused, and one lone little Harry wondering what he's going to do. I'm not sure how often I can update this, as I recently had my school computer taken away (I wasn't in trouble, the school year is just the over). So I'm pretty much writing everything here on my phone. My poor fingers! But anyway! Please read and review! Frost OUT!