The Ministry, I'm sure, is going to want to hold some kind of celebration for the first anniversary of the end of the war. I just think we need something to distract us from all the sadness and pain. Yule and Christmas are times to celebrate—times to celebrate family, friends, good food, and light coming back into the world. And maybe it will help us come together as one. We've all lost someone, whether it was a family member, a friend, a professor, or even simply a classmate. We need to realize that what unites us is much more than what divides us—what has divided us for so long and brought us to war." He cocked his head, thinking. "It's a good idea, provided you plan it correctly." "Correctly?" He nodded. "Some people might put all the focus on all those who fought for the Light. Not you, Granger," he quickly clarified, seeing her glare. "Others, though, who are less…forgiving, I suppose, wouldn't even stop to remember that those on the other side lost people too. It's not that the contributions or sacrifices of the people on the Light side aren't meaningful, maybe even…well, more important, I guess, in some ways. But those on the Dark side—even those who defected—lost family members, friends." "That's exactly what I'm saying. We are united in loss, in our magic, in the opportunity to move forward. Or at least we should be." "Were you wanting to get most of the school involved, or just the Prefects?" "You mean involved in the planning? I think it would be a good idea to get as much input as possible. I don't think we'll invite first or second years to the ball, but they could have a feast or something to take its place." "Will you invite everyone back who…participated in the war?" "I would like to. It could be a chance for those who fought to see that Hogwarts has been repaired, that the castle is buzzing with activity, learning, and new friendships. It would also give everyone a chance to see those they haven't kept in touch with as well as they probably should have. It can serve as a reminder that we are looking towards a future where blood status doesn't matter. I'm sure that not everyone who fought will want to come, but for those who do want to attend, I don't see why they shouldn't." "Do you think they would allow my mother to come?" Draco asked softly after a few minutes of silence. Hermione felt herself soften at his question. "I'm sure Harry would put in a good word—I know he credits her lie as a big reason why he's still alive today." Draco nodded again. "Thank you," he said quietly. Then, with a smirk returning to his face, he tried to lighten the mood. "I'll get Blaise and Theo to help plan. Blaise's mother used to throw parties all the time. Can't let you Gryffindors throw red and gold all over the place and call it a party. Plus, Granger, I'm sure you'd try to hide all the Firewhiskey, and then where would we be?" She huffed. "I'm not sure a bunch of sloshed wizards and witches is a good idea, Malfoy, especially when a lot of them don't like each other." He just waved her off. "I wonder, if we slipped some Firewhiskey to Filch, whether he'd get so drunk he couldn't patrol. And can you imagine a tipsy McGonagall?" The thought of an inebriated Professor McGonagall was just too much, and Hermione started to laugh, the last bit of the terror from her nightmare washing away. She saw Draco grin slightly, apparently pleased he'd gotten her to laugh, and laughed even more. Who would have thought she would be sitting with Draco Malfoy in the middle of the night, laughing as she hadn't laughed in years? X.X The months flew by, and all too soon it was time for the Yule Ball. Nearly everyone from sixth year and above had offered their help or input into putting the event together, which Hermione was all too thankful for. There was so much to do that she felt she was being stretched at the seams. It seemed that studying for N.E.W.T.s and recovering from the aftermath of the war was enough to draw at least the eighth years in a way that would have been unheard of during their previous years of school. There were still some people who didn't get along, and would probably never get along, but for the most part, cross-House friendships had become the norm for the oldest Hogwarts students. Draco had drawn his two best friends, Blaise Zabini and Theo Nott, into Hermione's group of friends, saying that the Gryffindor bunch needed a Slytherin influence. Hermione had countered that maybe the Gryffindors would instead influence the Slytherins, which had sparked yet another debate. Hermione liked Blaise and Theo, however; they told funny stories about Draco's childhood and made a good addition to their study group—when they could be prevailed upon to study, that is. They were no Harry and Ron—no one could replace her boys—but she liked them all the same. Harry and Ron, for their part, got along with the Slytherins better than she thought they would—they had bonded over a love of Quidditch and making fun of Draco. She even got along with Theo's girlfriend, Daphne Greengrass, fairly well, but Pansy Parkinson, Blaise's on-again, off-again girlfriend, was a different story. Hermione could never quite forget that Pansy had wanted to turn Harry over to Voldemort. The eighth year thus settled into a routine of studying, Head duties, arguing with Draco, trips to Hogsmeade, and researching ways to break the memory charm on her parents. She was exhausted much of the time, but she would rather take this kind of exhaustion over battle and war weariness any day. Hope you enjoyed the first chapter! Please leave a review and tell me what you thought!