he knew that Dumbledore was keeping from him but wouldn't tell him for some reason. Of course Harry was keeping a few secrets of his own. He'd been holding back over the past few months, it was mostly due to the fact that he was getting sick and tired of the entire Hogwarts student body staring at him like he was some kind of infallible Greek god and really didn't want to give anyone any more reason to go traipsing along after him like a pack of stray puppies begging for scraps. When Harry first arrived at Hogwarts he was excited to finally have a place where he fit in, where he could feel normal and not like a freak of nature the way that his aunt and uncle treat him. Instead he was treated like a celebrity, which was actually worse since there were all these expectations he was suddenly had to meet. So when he did start getting stronger Harry tried to hide it as best as he could. He spent months in the library going through every book he could find until he finally found a method that would help him keep his secret. It worked so well that even Snape didn't notice a thing. Although, at the time, Harry still had an immense amount of respect for Dumbledore so he never once thought of betraying the man. Harry just wanted to feel normal for once in his life. But now, to have Ron's memories erased and suppress his abilities? Harry wasn't sure what to think anymore. When Ron got out of the infirmary Harry tried to tell his friend the truth, but of course Ron didn't believe him. It wasn't until later, after Sirius escaped from Azkaban and they saw Remus transform under the light of the full moon for the very first time that it happened again. The charms broke all over again, apparently Ron had been getting a lot stronger than both Molly and Dumbledore had realized and this time Ron didn't pass out. Just stared down at his hands and marveled at the bright purple flames that burned on them without causing any actual damage before looking up at his best friend, at a complete loss for words since he finally realized that Harry was right. It took a little longer for Ron to learn to hide his abilities from both his family and headmaster, many many weeks of checking his temper and making sure that he didn't accidentally set anything on fire and in that time both he and Harry became disenchanted with Dumbledore and all of his teachings. Ron's attention shifted from Hermione to Blaise and they both became disgusted with their own dorm; the supposed great and noble Gryffindor house. Gryffindor, the great lion's den, where they claim to be unbiased and accepting of all they meet except of course if you just so happen to be sorted into Slytherin. In which case you're a racist, self-centered evil cur and will therefore be treated like one. Harry resisted the urge to growl at the thought. Merlin they have no idea. None of them have any idea how hard it is for Slytherin students in this school, they put up a good front and never allowed themselves to show so much of an ounce of weakness, but of course Harry knew the truth and so did Ron. Of course Harry's the one that actually had firsthand experience in that. That happened a few months ago, when Dumbledore sent him on a mission he believed that only Harry could accomplish and the boy went. At the time Harry still had some hope left that his headmaster really wasn't as bad as he thought he was. That there was indeed a reason for the things he did and the secrets he kept. Then he went on the mission and he finally saw Albus Dumbledore for what he truly was. But you know what's funny? Despite what happened and all that changed because of that one mission, Harry didn't regret a bit of it. After all, if he hadn't gone on the mission… well saying that he wouldn't have had a snowballs chance in hell at having Severus would be the understatement of the year. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Severus kept his head down as he made his way down the empty hallway. Dinner was still going in the Great hall, but there was a book on charms that he needed to get from the library and the slytherin knew that he'd end up missing curfew if he wasted too much time at dinner. So he ate a few bites of food, if only so Liam wouldn't go whining about him missing a meal yet again before heading out. The raven's face caught in a light blush and his lips twitched up in a smile as he thought of the older boy when he suddenly walked right into someone and he went tumbling into the ground. Severus hissed at the slight ache of pain caused by the collision, cursing himself for being so wrapped up in his own thoughts that he didn't see someone coming when the figure he walked into suddenly spoke. "And just where do you think you're going Snivelly?" Severus let out a low hiss of annoyance when his head snapped up and he found himself faced with James Bloody Potter. A/N: Yeah, only two chapters. The idea behind this is basically like, it's a continuation of this other thing of one-shots I did called Werewolf chronicles so it basically would've been the third chapter of that one but at the same time like a prequel to the alliance. Honestly though you can take it any way you like. In case you haven't noticed it is a timetravel fic, I've been writing a timetravel fic for Severus and Sirius but that one's really complicated so I haven't posted it yet. But this is a fun idea so I just went with it. Please review