their glasses. Draco gulped the champagne down as he once again tried to ignore the sensation of eyes boring into the back of his head. He looked at Pansy who gave him a soft smile and a nod mouthing that was beautiful. He nodded to her and looked back at the couple now walking to the dance floor. As soon as the music started up couples swarmed onto the floor swaying and dancing to the beat. Draco stayed behind talking to people, he chatted with Neville some more about his research, then spoke to George about the joke shop, the redhead asking him if he would like to contribute on some potion based products with the shop. That was interesting and a change to his normal practice. He chatted a bit with Arthur and Molly, they thanked him for the wonderful speech and they could not ask for a better one. It was an hour later that he found himself face to face with the one he had been avoiding all night, "Can we talk?" the brunette asked tentatively. "I have nothing to say to you." Draco said as he started making his way through the crowd to the exit, it was his best friend's special day he did not want to make a scene. The other man right as his heels heading him off right before he reached the exit. Draco scowled at the green eyed man. "Malfoy, please." Draco had to look away at that, he could not stare into those green eyes like ocean pools that would look at him pleadingly, he would break if he did. He would give his soul if the brunette asked him to. "I missed you." Those words came on a whisper carried by the soft breeze that caressed Draco's skin like millions of tiny sharp knifes breaking his very skin and plunging into the depths of his aching heart. "Well I don't give a shite about you, you can shove off for all I care." Draco said trying to push past HIM. His breathing was shallow and his heart was beating too fast, the nausea was back and Draco could feel the stirrings of a panic attack once again. The green eyed man grabbed onto his wrist, "Draco, please", Draco felt the electricity rush through him at the touch, skin tingling and burning as fingers held tight onto his wrist, but worse was the sound of his name on those sinful lips and the pain was too much breaking the strings that were holding him together. He whirled facing the brunette "DON'T TOUCH ME!" he hissed with as much hate as he could wrenching his arm out of the tight grip, "Don't you dare touch me," he was aware that a few people were no looking at them, "you have NO right to touch me. Or to say my name like it matters. Like I MATTER." He practically cried out that last part. His emotions were like an uncontrollable storm and he couldn't rein them in. "I…" HE tried again, but Draco interrupted him by shoving him, "I don't care. You can fuck of to wherever it is you came from. Or stay. Just don't you fucking dare come near me." At that he turned and walked out into the cold air, Pansy right at his heels. She caught up with him, "Darling?" it was a question, and he answered, "I'm fine. I just need to go home. Can you tell Blaise for me." "Do you want me to come with you?" "No. there's no need I'll be fine. Enjoy the night Pans. I'll see you." He kissed her on the cheek and apparated home. "Draco Wait!" but he was too late as he watched Draco disapparate. Harry passed his fingers through his hair, and watched as a rather irate and quite angry Pansy walked up to him. "What the actual fuck Potter?" "I just wanted to talk to him." "A little too late don't you think?" "What exactly is going on?" Ron asked as he and Hermione reached them, Blaise close behind. Pansy looked at Blaise and shrugged, he nodded his understanding. "Harry I thought you and Malfoy were like on good terms before you left. What happened?" Harry looked at his feet in shame. No one knew, except it seemed Pansy, "They do not know?" oh and Blaise. "Know what? Harry what have you done?" Hermione looked at him as he closed his eyes willing his tears not to fall. "You fucked him up that's what you did you absolute twat!" Pansy was fuming, "I don't care if you're the saviour of the bloody world if you come near him again I will destroy you." No one said a word, the sound of music from inside the marquee was so in contrast to the tense bubble of silence that surrounded them, "I just… I was scared, I didn't know what to do." "So you fucking took off without a single word to him? Not one word in seven months! He waited for you. He fucking waited for something. ANYTHING." Harry felt the tears fall. "So you just decided to fuck him then fuck him over? He got nothing, not even a goodbye?" she whispered and Harry heard Hermione gasp and Ron's "Fucking hell Harry." He looked up to see Pansy looking at him, her rage did not abate as she glared at him. She walked past and back into the tent. "He was a right mess Harry." Blaise added, "It's not my place to tell you how he felt about you but I think you know too well." Following Pansy back inside. Harry felt Hermione's arms encircle him as he fell to his knees tears falling freely. He searched the world for seven months, trying to find himself. And it took him just as long to realize what he wanted, was the very thing that he was running away from. The one person that he was running away from.