did she realize her mistake. The next morning, Hera woke up dreading a howler. Her Mum used to tell her about how her Uncle Ron got a howler from Nana Weasley when he and Uncle Harry drove the Weasley car all the way to Hogwarts only to get smashed by the Whomping Willow. Aunt Ginny reckons it was frightful and embarrassing. "Merlin, please don't let Mum send a howler." She prayed. Hera arrived at the Great Hall earlier than Prima, as usual. She doesn't quite understand why it's so hard for her friend to wake up on time. "Is that a French thing? You waking up earlier than literally everyone?" Prima once asked. "Madame Maxime doesn't tolerate tardiness." "Neither does McGonagall." "You should really work on that." Hera said, pertaining to Prima's sleeping habits. "I should." Breakfast came and owls started zooming into the Great Hall in search of their receivers. A snowy white owl found Hera and surprisingly, it did not carry a howler. Instead, it carried a parcel that looked like it might be pieces of clothing wrapped in a neat bundle. She opened the parcel to reveal a set of dress robes with matching shoes. It looked like her Mum had it made. A note fell on the table beside her soup. It read: "There's a ball in the Ministry if you should like to come. Professor McGonagall has been notified of the occasion and I heard a lot of kids from Hogwarts are coming with their parents. You should come too. I want you to meet your Uncle Harry and Uncle Ron. There's a designated teacher to accompany students to the Ministry. The meeting time is 5, at the entranceway. Don't be late. Bring a coat with you. Love, Mum" "Hey Prima!" She called out to her friend who had just now arrived to the Great Hall. "Yeah?" "Where does your Mum work?" "Ministry." "So you're coming to the ball?" Just then an owl carrying a similar parcel arrived and dropped the package on top of Prima's head, which Hera caught because the latter's reflexes are still asleep, apparently. Prima opened the parcel revealing a note and a set of dress robes. She looked at Hera's parcel and shrugged. "I guess we both are." At five, the two ascended towards the entranceway of the castle and made for the small of group of students gathered around Professor Longbottom. Hera noticed that Albus and Daisy were there as well so she waved hello. Prima, on the other hand, stared at the two with a smug face. As soon as they arrived at the Ministry, Hera made to flick her wand so her hair becomes an ombre shade of silver and russet. No one noticed because they were all preoccupied with looking for their parents. Prima bid Hera a temporary goodbye as she made her way towards the table of the Department of Law Enforcement, and she herself started to walk towards the table of the Department of International Magical Cooperations, where her Mum sat. "Ah! My daughter's here." Hermione stood up to welcome Hera, who has now taken off her coat so her satin black dress with thin straps showed her collarbones and toned muscles. The dress was a simple mermaid cut that runs just below her ankle, paired with pearl earrings and a locket. She hadn't worn the gloves her Mum gave her along with the dress, but she did paint her nails so it shows the color of her Hogwarts house, and she wore her grandmother's watch. She had changed the color of her eyes into grey prior to approaching the Ministry gateways, but it was night and the lights made her eyes appear bluish green. Hermione noticed this and smiled knowingly. As she led Hera to her seat, Hermione flicked a finger so the ombre disappears and shows instead a pure russet hair. Nobody noticed of course, as Hera's hair was swept backward and Hermione made sure to interrupt the lighting somehow. "Everyone, this is my Heléna." Hermione announced proudly. Hera noticed that she's the only kid in the table whereas the others had four or five. And then she noticed that her Mum was the youngest of the crowd in front of her, which means that their children were probably old enough to work for the Ministry themselves. She smiled and nodded politely. Her grace was received by the elders with much awe and doting. None of them seemed to care why she's fatherless, which is great, because it saves her from leaving the comfort of the table. Finally, the moment she's been waiting for came and she was introduced to the rest of the legendary trio. The lightning scar on Uncle Harry's forehead is indeed a sight to behold, and she now has an idea why Uncle Ron and her Mum broke up. Aunt Ginny is mesmerizingly beautiful and she thought she caught a whiff of raspberry and spring in her hair, just like how she smells crushed pine needles in her Mum's hair. Overall, they turned out to be really great people, and she can't wait to meet more of her Mum's friends. "I can't believe they're your Uncles." Prima said, when they had returned to the Slytherin common room. "They're not, biologically, but yeah. They are my Uncles." "They're Aurors!" "Yes, well. You can be one too if you want to." "I know that. It's just, you got to talk to Aurors!" Hera laughed. She had no idea Prima had an obsession with Aurors. "Heléna, do you want to come over on Christmas break?" Prima asked while they were walking towards Hogsmeade the next weekend. "I'll ask Mum." "Alright. There's Quidditch tryouts next week by the way, have a go. They're looking for a Seeker. You must have big guts to be able to ride a Lightning Bolt." Hera laughed, remembering how her Dad basically paid the Slytherin house so he could get in. "Yeah, I might have a go."