real careful child, this is importan'. Yer secon' life ain't gonna be normal in th' sense tha' you'll be able ta see t'ings you'd never seen before. You'll see the deaths of people in a'vance, but only if their death ain't natural. They say that there will be triggers, learn'em an' use them to yer advantage. I know tha' you have more questions darlin' but it's time fer you ta go." Rosie blinked rapidly, you couldn't just dump that kind of news on someone and expect them to be fine, "Nana! Wait, what do ya mean?" she asked her confused as the old woman began to push her into the direction of the window where a bright light shone beautifully, despite the fact that the sun had already set. "Oh, bef're I forget. My sweet lil' flower, you need to 'member this: you are not 'lone." She told her sternly before she pushed her out the window. "Wha-! Nana!" she screamed in fear as the warm light enveloped her ethereal body gently. "Goo' luck baby girl." The old woman said lovingly as Rosie's vision turned black and she knew no more. Translate: "¡Está perdiendo mucho sangre!" "She's lousing too much blood!" "¡Doctor! ¿Qué está pasando? ¡Que le va a pasar a mi esposa! ¿La bebe… como esta mi bebe?"" "Doctor! What is going on? What is going to happen to my wife! The baby… how is my baby?" "La vámos a perder!" "We're gonna lose her!" "¡Señor Santos! Tu esposa está perdiendo mucho sangre… no creo que vamos a poder salvarla." "Mr. Santos! Your wife is lousing too much blood…. We're not going to be able to save her." "¡No! Porfabor no! ¡Tiene que haber algo que podemos hacer! ¡Te lo ruego!" "No! Please no! There has to be something that can be done! I beg you!" "Ricardo. Sabiamos los riesgos. Porfabor, Ricardo, déjame ver mi bebe mientras tengo la fuerza." "Ricardo. We knew the risks. Please, Ricardo, let me see my baby while I still have the strength." "Ángela… No sé si lo puedo hacer sin ti." "Angela… I don't know if I can do this without you." "Mi bebe…" "My baby…" "Felicitaciones Señora Santos, es una niña. Se ve muy sana también." "Congradulations Mrs. Santos, it's a girl. A very healthy baby too." "Mi amor, se ve completamente preciosa. Tiene tus rulos y tus orejas, incluso tiene las marcas de belleza como tú tienes." "My love, she's completly precious. She has your curls and your ears, she even has beauty marks like you do." "Si, y tiene tu nariz y boca… la forma de tus ojos también." "Yes, she also has your nose and mouth, even the shape of your eyes." "Jeje, mi preciosa bebe…. La vas a cuidar con tu vida verdad, Ricardo? Ella y Luka son mis tesoros. Las pruebas de nuestro amor." "Hehe, my precious baby… You'll protect/care for her with your life right, Ricardo? She and Luka are my treasures. The proofs of our love." "Ángela, te lo prometo. Te lo prometo amor." "Angela, I promise you. I promise you my love." "¡Gracias! Gracias Ricardo, por convertirme en una mama… la única cosa es que lamento no ser parte de su vida, pero yo siento que puedo morir en paz porque tú vas a estar aquí para ella." "Thank you! Thank you Ricardo, for making me a mother… my only regret is not being able to be a part of her life, but I feel like I can die in peace because you will be here for her." "Ricicardo… Su nombre es... Nicolasa, Nicolasa Candelaria Santos….Mi preciosa Niki….. te amo. Dale un abrazo y un bezo a mi Luka… dile que mama le ama con toda de su corazón." "Ricardo… Her name is…. Nicolasa, Nicoloasa Candelaria Santos…. My precios Niki….. I love you. Give a hug and Kiss to my Luka… tell him that mama loves him with all of her heart." "Ángela, gracias por entregarme este regalo precioso… gracias por casarse conmigo, por ser mi amante esposa y por darme una hermosa hija para amar…. Gracias por amarme. Ángela, te amo." "Angela, thank you for gracing me with this precious gift… thank you for marrying me, for being my loving wife and for giving me a beautiful daughter to love… Thank you for loving me. Angela, I love you." "Yo también… te amo Ricardo….." "Me too…. I love you Ricardo…." 3969 Words Authors Note: For those of you who are new to my stories, I'm sorry for the recent lack of updates. This particular story has been in the works for a really long time, since 2015 actually. It hits particularly hard for me as I began writing it when my depression hit an all time high and I was extremely suicidal. I cried a lot writing the scene where Rosie died as I poured a lot of myself in this particular story. A lot of thought has also been placed into it. I really hope that everyone reading it enjoys it very much and that Nicolasa and Luka don't become Mary and Gary Sues. I will admit now that the chapters of this story are really really long, so the updates will be somewhat far apart. About every two to three months depending on the feedback I get from you guys. Good news is that I do have a couple of chapters already written and I do have a clear idea of how this story is going to go. (For example the Harry Potter book series didn't exist in Rosie's/Nicoasa's universe but the events that originally go down in the HP series won't be exact) Please review! Ii would love to hear everyone's thoughts on it! I apologize in advance if the subject is heavy or triggering for some of my viewers. I'm not going to lie, it's going to get bad before it gets better. Anyway I hope you all enjoy my little Hogwarts Wallflower. Love, Mara-Chan (o l l o)