for performing better than his dim-witted Muggle cousin? What this reporter learned was disturbing. A young boy, kept in a cupboard, forced to work long hours, punished for exceling, clothed in practically rags who had no knowledge of the magical world or his place in it. Are there other war orphans similarly placed or was it only the savior of our world that suffered this way? Although Gringotts representative refused to give any details about the current location of Harry Potter, it was announced that per the Potter Family Charter, the young scion accepted his position as Head of House, which immediately emancipated him. As an emancipated Head of House, Harry Potter is considered by law to be a legal adult. The Gringotts representative also implied that the young peer may seek his education outside of Great Britain. We call for both the Wizengamot and the DMLE investigate the circumstances of Harry Potter's Muggle placement and upbringing. See Page 3 for the story of outraged readers returning their "Harry Potter" books to Flourish and Blott's and demanding refunds See Page 4 for a proposal from Deputy Undersecretary Delores Umbridge that Harry Potter's emancipation to be overturned and that he be made the ward of a pureblood family OoOoOoOo While the wizarding world in Great Britain roared in outrage over the treatment of "their" savior, Harry was pleased to discover that the goblin healers were able to repair much of the damage the years of neglect had done to him over the years. They also discovered some type of parasite they called a "soul leach" clinging to him, but were able to remove it while he was unconscious for other treatments. He shuddered at the thought of a parasite and was very grateful to the goblin healers. He also experienced a growth spurt that left him aching, but worth every gold coin he was charged. For two days, he rested in a small apartment, as he healed. During that time, he reviewed the information Sharpaxe had given him regarding magical schools that accepted human wizards. There were both day schools and boarding schools. Harry reviewed the curriculum each school offered. Some made it clear what careers their schools could help the student achieve. In addition, the goblin provided information on home-schooling through the use of tutors, and a list of currently available tutors. Two days after the completion of his medical treatments, Harry met with Senior Healer Graspclaw. "One final examination, Mr. Potter," the goblin said, motioning him to lay down on the examining table. The healer uttered what Harry had learned was an incantation in his own harsh guttural language. An image of the boy's body emerged above him and several notations in a language that Harry couldn't read also appeared. After studying them for a minute, the goblin nodded. Although not as abrupt as Senior Manager Sharpaxe, Senior Healer Graspclaw was still rather brisk. "Curse scar is healed, vision is repaired, bone density is improved and height is appropriate for your species and age." With another wave, the images dispersed and another appeared. A small smirk teased the goblins otherwise taciturn features. "The removal of the soul leach has had another benefit," he stated. "Yes, sir?" Harry was just happy to know that the parasite had been removed. He found the concept very disturbing. "Your magical signature has changed," replied Graspclaw. At the boy's uncomprehending look, he repressed a sigh. It wasn't the human boy's fault that he had been raised so ignorant, he reminded himself. "Magical beings have magical signatures," he explained. "When you use magic, it can leave a slight residue that can be read with the appropriate spells. The residue is what is called your magical signature and is unique to each being." Harry thought about that. "That makes sense," he said. "Why is it changing a benefit for me?" "Because anyone attempting to track you based on your use of magic will be looking for your old signature. They won't know your new signature. Therefore, you can use your magic without concern for being discovered." The goblin could tell when the human boy understood, as a smile broke out on his face, although he showed too many teeth. "That means that Dumbledore can't find me?" The healer nodded and accepted the boy's accolades for being "brilliant". His fees were more appreciated than the praises, although both were generous. Later that day, Harry sat in the office of Senior Account Manager Sharpaxe again. This time, he was well-dressed and healthy. He had read a small book that he had been given that described goblin customs. He inclined his head to the goblin, keeping his eyes on the other being's eyes. He immediately stated his business, so as not to waste the goblin's valuable time without unnecessary small talk. "Senior Account Manager, I would like your assistance in applying to Shuyukan School in Fukuoka, Japan and if accepted, helping me arrange to travel there." The goblin decided to test whether his young client had considered his choice carefully. "That can be arranged. What caused you to choose that school?" "They are ranked in the top ten according to the ICW rankings. They hold both magical and non-magical classes and permit year-round boarders. Attending there will give me a high quality education that can be used either in the magical or non-magical world. Lastly, they accept all races and species, which will help prepare me for working with all manner of beings." His Senior Account Manager nodded once, and Harry hid his relief at the goblin's apparent approval. One day later, he was accepted into the Shuyukan School. With another fee to the goblins and a subsequent three-day headache found him fluent in Japanese and ready to start a new life. Sharpaxe arranged a series of port-keys for him to reach the school for another small fee. In mid-August, Harry found himself in Fukuoka, well away from Albus Dumbledore, a man he hoped he would never meet. OoOoOoOo