of the UK and Ireland in 1994 is roughly seventeen thousand. Almost seven thousand witches and wizards want Tom to win, just two thousand are trying to prevent it. To explain; 20% of the population are actively fighting for Tom to win, 20% are silently supporting, 50% are hoping for the best, 10% are actively opposed, what do you think is going to happen, we're un-bloody-bleavably fucked." "You want us to give up!? Like cowards!" Cedric cried out innocently. "The magical population of the world is just over fifteen and half million and in over 90% of my experiences we eventually lose, badly. Tom has a huge support base already staged and silent backing of most of the world. So we do something that has never been done before, a tactical retreat to an unknown location if the worse does happen. His strength is in guerrilla tactics and strong arming a weaker opponent with superior numbers in random locations with tactical precision and goals. The only things we really care about are our friends, family, and our culture. If we can achieve a retreat that accomplishes that, fuck the 40% left behind. Let them become the work force of his agenda and let the infighting begin." "Quite an endeavor you're proposing there Harry." "Realistically more than you think, it's called pulling and piling your resources. And I'm not just talking about sentient beings, but all magical resources withdrawn; everyone being asked to join us in a uniformed withdraw. To preserve your culture, take everything that you care about, for you have no regrets in what's left behind." "Am I correct in assuming magical species and ingredients are included in your proposal?" "Anything magical that can decide for itself is given a choice, if unable to voice that choice or make that decision they are brought with us and given sanctuary. Better minds could work out the details, I'm just providing a theory. Consult with the goblins they're geniuses in figuring out future events and consequences." "Since most of his supporters have no contact or understanding of the muggle world, muggle integration could be for the best." Albus commented "Give the humans advance warning, let them decide and break the statue of secrecy. The ICW would be breathing down our necks within a week. Maybe quietly contact the PM, about something in the air. Then we could still maintain the illusion of separate but equal to appease those in power." Harry advised. Albus sighed heavily "That would be for the best." "Are you actually agreeing with this crazy scheme Dumbledore?" asked a flustered Maxime. "Not yet, but the idea does have merit, with research" Albus left the insight dangling there as he moved on. "It could be possible to rent a few ocean liners to carry supplies to an island that is not approachable by any magical means including apparition, the islands around Tristan da Cunha or even Gough Island come to mind, very isolated and could only be accessed through physical means. With proper warding against house-elves travel, Oakshaft 79 broomsticks or other magical means of travel Gough Island would be near impossible to breach and would be perfect for goblin terraforming." Harry looked at the Headmaster like he had stole a cookie "You did bring them up Harry." "Why not ask the goblins?" inquired Diggory. "You vant to share this type of secret, this type of idea vith a goblin of all creatures?" Viktor incredulously asked. "Viktor you might just want to keep those type of thoughts to yourself" Harry emphatically stated "We are all creatures to someone else." "Yes, exactly Harry. Now to address the issue, it is better to already be in place and useable than just a dream outside of grasp." Dumbledore reasoned out loud, calming the assembled group. "I think it's brilliant, could you setup a meeting with them, sir. For good measure, I would gladly throw everything I own at it." At the assembled looks he explained "I know I have some money in the bank, goblins would like to see a profit. I'd rather have something that we don't need than need something desperately but no longer have access to it." He added as an afterthought "Oh and we would need some kind of travel between the two points that only we could control or access, like maybe two huge vanishing cabinets." "And why so large?" came a skeptical question from Madam Maxime, thinking an insult was implied. "Well first it would be to move large groups just in case of an expedient withdraw and second for bigger items, like trees and such... that's why." Harry calmly explained. "Your godfather would have to be made aware since he is your legal guardian as you are still technically a minor." The Headmaster added. "Would Potter be the ruler since he would be the procurer to the land and this outlandish idea." asked a snide person of potion pursuit. Harry nipped it "The sentients that choose to come, can band together to form their own type of government. I'm an enforcer, a sharp stick if you will, point me in a direction and I'll clear a path. Planning is better left to those with the expertise. My goal is to see you all safe." "Sensibility from a Potter, the world is truly near it's end." was the hooked nosed man's response. "Praise from a Snape, we're there." Harry rebuked. "So are we thinking of doing this, or are we doing this?" "That is the dilemma, but there's no sense standing while we talk some more about it." Albus conjured some chairs "Shall we?" A pensive came into view and expectant look was shot towards a green-eyed teen. "Fine." Harry mumbled grumpily "But don't say I didn't warn you." It was many hours later before a single person left the dark room, a new dawn had already arrived by the time they had stepped out into an empty hall, void of any students or faculty. ~x~x~x~