barely contain myself. "Headmistress, I think, for the time being. And who is this young fellow?" She smiled at me. "This is my brother, Matthew Boot." "Matthew. You look a little young to be a Hogwart's student." "He's not a student, he's only ten," Mum said. "What a brave lad, I hope to see you next year in my house." She smiled and walked off. None of us bothered to correct her. The truth would have out soon enough, I suppose they figured. But in that moment I realized I never wanted anything more. I had to find a way to get into Hogwarts somehow. I was a Boot, afterall, I could get this figured. I threw myself into my studies even as my parents began the process of enrolling me into a muggle school. Terry was accepted into the Department of Mysteries. Given that The Ministry of Magic had lost a fair number of its employees in the last year most of the student's who desired a position found the doors wide open to them, particularly those who had fought in what was now commonly called The Battle of Hogwarts. Many of Voldemort's followers were still at large and Aurors were in great demand. Both Harry Potter and Ron Weasely, household names by now, joined the aurors. I wanted to join them and fight the remnant of death eaters as well. I wrote to Terry about my dream. That there must be some way for a squib to get into Hogwarts. He tried to dissuade me and, finding that I would not be discouraged, he finally gave me the name of a girl he had known in school, a Hermione Granger, who he said had done a lot of work fighting to get equal rights for House Elves. He said he doubted there was anything she could do, but if anyone might even listen to my cause, it would be her. By now the first year was almost over. I found school boring and dreamed of nothing more than defeating death eaters. Izzy grew tired of playing death eaters and wizards with me. She was getting too old for games now. The only freedom I found was when I was flying between quidditch goals. We had increased the height so they were almost regulation sized. I had been inspired by a Chinese gymnast in the circus and learned how to leap from pole to pole, shimmy up and sliding down as fast as a breath. I waited to write Ms. Granger. I can't say why. Perhaps it was her fame that frightened me. Perhaps I was just afraid she would say "no". But finally, after months of procrastination, it turned out Terry had done it for me. He handed me the letter. Dear Terry, I don't know that there's anything to be done, but I'll look into it. Hermione I read the letter over and over again until it was practically falling apart in my hands. Another letter came a month later, Dear Terry, Well, I've spoken with the Minister of Magic and Headmistress McGonegal. The minister is skeptical but Prof. McGonegal thinks there might be a way. I'll tell you more as soon as I here. Hermione And then a third almost a month later. This would be the answer, I knew. I could not open it. Fortunately it was not mine to open, Terry grabbed it from me and opened it, mumbling as he read, "Dear Terry, It is with regret I inform you that the Minister of Magic does not support sending a non-magical person to Hogwarts under any conditions, however," Terry's voice rose steadily as he continued. "However, he has agreed to defer to Prof. McGonegal on this matter. She has decided if Matthew can show extraodinary talent in areas other than preformative magic he can join Hogwarts as a student! Matthew!" Terry shouted, hugging me. "All he has to do is achieve an Outstanding the written portion of the OWLS in seven subjects..." his voice slowed again. "Seven subjects." He shook his head. "Including History of Magic and Potions." "Don't worry, Terry, I'm a Boot. We're practically the heads of Ravenclaw." "Seven is a lot though, you've never even made a potion. And you'll have to sit for the OWLS next year." "You can teach me. Please Terry, I can't give up now! We have to try!" Terry seemed to consider this, "Fine. I'll teach you everything I know." And so we worked for hours every day after he came home. I spent day upon day with my nose pressed into his old textbooks. When I had them almost memorized he brought books from the library. He drilled every potion into my head until I could almost make them with my eyes closed. Finally the day came. Terry took me to London with him where we came to the Ministry of Magic. A rather unremarkable building, to my thinking. Ms. Granger, soon Mrs. Weasely, met me just inside. "Good luck, Matthew," she said as she closed the door in the little white room, bare except for my own desk and the desk of the examiner who sat across from me. I took OWLS for every subject possible that day. I could not say how I managed it. A month later an owl from the ministry arrived. In that moment I was certain I had failed them all, that I would be relegated to the life of a muggle forever. That the only way I might get into Hogwarts was as the caretaker. Terry and I opened the letter. Nine Outstandings. Including History of Magic and Potions. I was going to Hogwarts. I hope that answers your questions. If you have any more you can send them to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where I will be residing as of tomorrow. Sorry for the late reply, as you can guess, I've been a bit busy. Your loving relation from across the pond, Matthew Boot