into laughter while Hermione blushed and trailed off. "Snape is the worst. I don't know why he hates you and I so much." Harry offered as the laughter subsided. "He likes every Slytherin but he seems personally offended that you ended up in his house." "Yeah, A few slytherins are to be honest. Malfoy definitely doesn't appreciate it. He calls me "blood traitor Black" at every opportunity. But we aren't here to complain about students!" Ella quickly changed the subject. "Have you heard that Snape used to work for You-Know-Who?" "Dumbledore hired him though. He can't still be evil though right?" Neville asked. "Probably not. He's still a git though." Ella responded. "How about Quirrell, he a strange one right?" "OH I can't believe I forgot this!" Neville shouted. "Remember when Ron and Hermione and I got caught in the hallways, we overheard the two of them talking about the third floor wing and getting past the defenses." Harry raised an eyebrow, "Oh, do tell more." Neville shrugged, "I guess I don't really have more, but it was definitely weird." "Ohh I wonder if they are after what ever Hagrid got out of Gringotts." Ron offered up. Everyone turned to Ron with confusion. He seemed just as confused by everyone's confusion, "Oh, I guess I didn't say anything about that. A few weeks ago Hagrid mentioned being stressed out about an errand for Dumbledore. Something about a package from Gringotts. And then he did that thing he does when he's said more than he should." "Since when do you spend time with Hagrid?" Neville asked. Its not that he was jealous, he just didn't think anyone but him enjoyed Hagrids company. "I like his cookies?" Ron said. "You like those things?!" Hermione scoffed, having been the only other person to have tasted Hagrid's attempts at baking. Harry seemed lost in thought "What if Snape and Quirrell are working together to steal it?" "It would be helpful to know what 'it' is." Ella equally lost in thought. "Oh wait, I remember, Hagrid said something about poor Nicolas… Nicolas Flannel? I don't know" Ron recalled. "Flammel?" Hermione asked, "as in Nicolas Flammel creator of the Philosopher's Stone?" "Sure?" Ron confirmed. "How cool would it be if that's really what it was!" Ella offered somewhat dreamily, that is until he caught the eye of her cousin. "Harry, are you thinking what I'm thinking?" "You know what, I think I am…" "No. No you are not. I won't allow it." Hermione demanded. Ella rolled her eyes, "And what are you going to do about it?" "I… I'll… I'll tell Dumbledore!" Hermione stuttered. "What are you even planning?" Neville asked. "I think we try to find out what's on the third floor wing." Harry said. Hermione crossed her arms and huffed. "I want no part of this." "Fine with me, lets go." Ella stood up and gestured, "Boys?" The four of them headed toward the third floor. They were met with a poorly lit corridor with a solitary door at the end. The creeped towards the door, expecting something to jump out at any minute. When they reached the door, they glanced back and forth among themselves, trying to decide who should be the one. Ella finally grabbed the door and muttered something about "so much for Gryffindor courage" as she yanked it open. They were met with the hot breath of three heads. Before they even got out a shriek, the slammed the door shut and bolted down the hallway. They managed to end up just outside the library, despite all taking slightly different routes. Panting, they discussed the fact that SOMETHING was up in there. After several more weeks of speculation, wild theories, and half hearted attempts to glean information from either Snape or Quirrell, the group had almost lost interest in the forbidden corridor and the three headed dog defending it. That is, until Quirrell burst into the Great Hall shouting about a TROLL IN THE DUNGEON. Harry and Neville immediately thought of Ella and the Slytherin dorm. But before they could take off to find her, they saw Snape head towards the third floor wing. Wordlessly, they decided to split up, Harry would look for Ella, and Neville would follow Snape. Ron and Hermione ended up following Neville towards the third floor. They saw a flourish of robes disappear behind the door, convinced it was Snape after the stone. Ron and Neville knew what lay just beyond the door, and gulped as they slowly pried it open. An enchanted harp played in the corner and the beast snored away. Beneath a paw, they noticed a trap door, and down the Trio went. When Neville Longbottom showed up at Hogwarts, he never expected he'd end up being the temporary owner of the Philosophers stone, or that he'd end up defeating You-Know-Who all over again. But, the year was coming to a close, and that was indeed his year. He also found a group of friends, true friends. They had managed to snag the house cup, for what apparently was the first time in quite a few years. Probably thanks to the Weasley Twins. He would be leaving in a few days, a full year of schooling behind him. He didn't want to face his Grandmother. He wanted to stay here, but that just wasn't possible. So home he would go. Unfortunately, home was still the states, so he knew he would be spending the summer far far away from his new found friends. He promised to write them, and they promised to return the favour. Neville was finally beginning to know who he was, where he came from. And he wasn't going to let living with Augusta change that. He hoped so much that she'd start to be honest with him, but he didn't have very high hopes. Not to mention, he wasn't so sure the damage wasn't already done. In less than a week, it would be time to find out.