Potter, or any other savior to save us, Draco. The world might need him, but we both know that the power to save us lies within ourselves." Her voice stayed calm and broken, but she let her eyes smile. Draco Malfoy had never looked more lost than in that moment, and despite the fact that she was locked away in his basement far from her father and her girlfriend, she couldn't help but feel sorry for him. "You, you don't know what you're talking about, Lovegood! You're just a, just a stupid blood traitor!" Despite his harsh words, Draco spent a little bit of every day down in the Manor basement, and though most of that time was spent in silence, sometimes it wasn't. Eventually, his visits to the Manor basement stopped and Luna assumed that he had gone back to school. She was left to her corner of the cell, and gradually the darkness and silence of it all turned her dreams into nightmares and her sparkling blue eyes dull. It was the thought of Ginny, brave and loving and kind, that kept her going in those darkest of days. She would close her eyes and imagine her friend, smiling and happy and safe inside Hogwart's walls where nothing bad could touch her. I love you, Ginny Weasley, she thought, as she closed her eyes to sleep. I will find you again. Neither girl knew that the other spent their days in the darkness, not seeing the light of the sun. Neither one knew the pain and horror the other girl was going through. Neither one knew that the other girl was kept alive only through thoughts of finally being together again. The next time they kissed, it felt like goodbye. Painful and desperate, it tore Ginny apart only to put her back together again. Their hands gripped each other's clothing in a desperate attempt to hold onto something that was quickly being tugged away from them. Ginny forced her hands through the quickly closing portrait hole, trying to touch as much of Luna as she could, fingertips tracing over every inch of warm skin they could find. "I love you," she whispered against the blonde's lips. "I love you. Promise me." "I promise, Ginny, I love you and I promise." And then the portrait was shut tight, and people were preparing for war, and Ginny wasn't sure if the promise had been about having fun or about surviving. Either way, she knew she would fight; alongside her family, alongside her friends. Alongside Luna. "Luna? Luna!" Ginny ran through the wreckage and the rubble, dodging people both fallen and standing, searching for a flash of blonde hair or indescribable blue eyes. "Luna, where are you?" Her mother caught her by the arm as she ran past and pulled her into a hug. "Ginny, thank goodness you're safe." Molly Weasley was sobbing and shaking, her face buried in her youngest child's hair. "Sweetheart, I love you, don't you ever scare me like that again," "Mum, Mum I love you, and I'm sorry," Ginny hugged her mother back briefly, before gently removing herself from the hug and stepping backwards. "I'm sorry, Mum, but I have to go." She turned away, but before she could restart her search for Luna, she tripped over a piece of marble and fell forward into someone. Ginny scrambled back up and apologized, even while her eyes were searching the Great Hall for her best friend. "Sorry, I'm sorry, I have to-," The arms holding her up tightened around her. "I kept my promise." Letting out a gasp, Ginny whipped her head around, and her heart stopped when she saw who was in front of her. "Luna," she whispered, feeling wrecked completely and utterly. A soft hand rested against her cheek, and as she leaned into it Ginny's heart began to beat again until it was beating twice as fast as normal. Luna smiled, and despite the smudges of ash on her cheeks, the strands of charred hair upon her head and the tears in her clothing, Ginny had never seen anything more beautiful. Her arms unfroze from her sides and she launched herself at the other girl, and the tears she had forced back earlier spilled over. "I though- I couldn't find you, Luna, and I didn't-," Ginny sobbed incoherently, her thin body shaking, and Luna ran her hands through Ginny's hair slowly, and closed her eyes. "Shhh, Gin, shhh, it's okay. Darling, it's fine, I'm fine. I love you, I love you, I love you." Luna's voice was like a lullaby, and gradually Ginny stopped sobbing and calmed down enough to lean back. She saw that they were surrounded by a small crowd of people, including both their parents and most of her brothers, although she couldn't see the twins anywhere. Luna tilted her head to the side a bit, and Ginny refocused. They looked at each other for a moment, and everything around them fell away. Ginny spoke suddenly. "Luna." Luna's lips curled upward slowly, almost as if she knew what Ginny was going to say next. "Ginny." She inclined her head slightly. Ginny swallowed past the lump which had just appeared in her throat. "I love you. Marry me," she said, her arms tightening around Luna, and she heard someone from the crowd around them gasp. She ignored them and leaned a tiny bit closer. "If I could, I would marry you right now." Luna's response was frank and full of honesty, and it made Ginny burst out into laughter before leaning forward to kiss her best friend, her girlfriend, her fiance. Her Luna. AN/: I may eventually write an epilogue (or a sequel!) to this story, because I really love it so far and feel like I could add more. Until then, however, this is it. I hope you liked it, and please leave a review! If you have any fic requests just PM me, and I'll see what I can do:)