take the picture. Picking up the picture, he ripped off the right end of the picture, and incinerated with his wand. "Black?" McGonagall's voice echoed from down the steps. "Black for goodness sake! I save you from the dementors and then you run off?" "Sorry, Minnie," He yelled from the room, putting the picture back down before going down the steps to see her holding a one year old in her arms. He was awake, trying to get down onto the floor to play. "Pa'foo! Pa'foo!" The boy said, recognizing the man. "Mum? Dad?" Sirius rushed the the boy, sweeping him up into his arms and holding him a little too tightly. "Harry! I'm here. I'm here Prongslet. I'm here." He reassured the child, tears in his eyes. "Miss Jones is the only one available to come help you until we can find Mr. Lupin. I assume you will be to take care of Mr. Pot-Harry until she arrives?" Sirius nodded, letting Harry wiggle out from his tight hold and onto the floor to play. "You go grade your papers, Minnie, Prongslet and I are good." He said, wiping his eyes. "Black! Black, where are you?" Hestia Jones was not in the mood to babysit. She's lived in Gryffindor Tower for six years with the Marauders and wasn't looking forward to what she assumed would be the unpleasant task of raising both Sirius Black and Harry Potter. "Black, for the love of Merlin, answer me!" "Up here, Hestia! We're in the bath!" was the reply. Hestia chose to follow the giggling sounds she heard until she found the 'bath' that Sirius had occupied. She was not prepared to find a half naked Sirius in the bath with baby Harry. Hestia Jones was made of stern stuff- had to be to survive the war- but she wasn't immune to hormones. At that moment, her hormones were greatly attracted to the sight of a healthy male taking care of a child, and doing it well. "Judging from the look on your face, you forgot that Prongs and Lily were cooped up alone for over a year. The only time they got out was when Remus or I would babysit," Sirius explained, blatantly ignoring Peter's role in the first year of Harry's life. "There were several nights a month that Remus or I would have to get little Prongslet here ready for bed all by ourselves. Just like we are tonight, right Prongslet?" "Pa'foo!" Harry said, dumping water onto his head and giggling. "I suppose you lot have eaten, then?" She asked, confused at the responsible Sirius in front of her. Things were going to have to be re-evaluated and she wasn't sure how that made her feel. "Yep, had Aida the house-elf make up some spaghetti. That's why we have to have a bath now, isn't it? Got it everywhere, didn't we?" Sirius asked Harry, who laughed. "I'll just… what room should I take. I assume you'll need help for at least a few days and I've got nothing better to do." She said, still confused by the fluttering in her chest. "Well, Harry's in Prong's old room," Sirius said pulling him from the tub. "So, pick one of the six others." "Will you stay in your old room?" She asked hesitantly, not wanting to open old wounds. "The Potter's room isn't- yes." He whispered as Harry shook his moppy head, splashing water. "I'll just use the one downstairs then. Keep a watch out for anything out of the ordinary." She told him, looking down to the floor and walking out. "Hey, Hes," Sirius said clearing his throat. "Thanks for coming." "Yeah," She nodded. "Once you finish with Harry, you can find Moony and everything will be better. Speaking of Moony, do you have any idea where he might be hiding?" "I sent an owl to find him. My guess is back to his parents old house. They built a little cottage for him in the woods before they passed." "It's late, maybe you should wait until tomorrow?" Hestia suggested, grabbing Harry from him with a smile. "Hi Harry, remember me? I'm Aunty Hestia." Harry stuck out his tongue and made a spitting noise. "Did Uncle Pads teach you that? I'll be forever cleaning up after him, making sure you have some semblance of manners!" She said, negating the statement by sticking her tongue out at Sirius. She was only 20, after all, and not a bit prepared to be even a part time mother. "Pa'foo! Pa'foo!' Harry cheered, wanting the black haired Marauder back. "Come on Prongslet. Let's get you to bed." Sirius said pulling him from her arms. "Leftovers are in the kitchen." Sirius threw Harry up in the air and catching him before leaving the bathroom and Hestia in their wake. The next morning, Sirius woke up to the smell of something wonderful. He pulled on his sweatpants and walked down to the kitchen, following his nose. "That smells glorious, Aida." He said before entering the room and seeing Remus Lupin standing over stove with a chocolate chip pancake in his mouth. Hestia was sitting at the table, reading the paper, a piece of bacon in one hand, a pen in the other. Harry had chocolate smeared all over his face. "So glad of you to finally join us," Hestia commented without looking up from the paper. Remus, who had been staring in disbelief, finally registered exactly who was residing in Potter Manor. With no thoughts of the tot next to him, he crossed the room and punched Sirius Black in the face. "Well, it wouldn't be the first time you needed one of those," Hestia shrugged, her eyes never leaving the paper. Kat: Hey readers! Gabs and Kat here! Gabs: This is how the story should have gone. With common sense. Kat: J.K. Rowling still owns all of the characters, the main plot, yada, yada, yada… That still doesn't mean we don't like comments! xoxo Kat and Gabs