Tugging and pinching them. Sometimes squeezing a little harder than normal." She did just that and the painful movement sent electricity through her. Her eyes closed and lights flashed behind her eyelids, her finger spasmed around her nipple again, and her toes curled just a little bit as her pussy clenched around his cock and she slid up and quickly dropped down over him again. Neville's fingers tightened on her hips, possibly tight enough to leave bruises, as his orgasm finally hit him. His back arched as he held her to him and shot his seed deep inside her. Once his orgasm subsided, he lay there eyes closed with a goofy smile on his face as the tension left his body. After a few moments, he opened his eyes and looked up at her. She had a tired smile on her face, but he could tell she was once again teetering on the edge. "Come here." Neville reached for her wrist and tugged on her arm, intending to give her her third orgasm of the night. "I don't know if I can," Hermione countered. While her body was nearly wound tight enough for another round, she was sore and sensitive and didn't know if her body would allow another in such a short period of time. Neville looked into her eyes. "You can, I know you can. I'll make it good, I promise." He tugged her hand again. "Now, come here." The headed look in his eyes and the sinful sound of his voice washing over her propelled Hermione into crawling towards his head. And true to his word, Neville made her come a third time, but he took his time and slowly licked and suckled her clit, lapping up his own release that was mixed with hers. He used two of his fingers to steadily pump in and out of her, curling against the front of her pussy. After wave after wave crashed through her, he used his hands to steady her and keep her from falling over. When she finally came to, after nearly blacking out completely, he held her close and rubbed her back with one hand, while he used his other to card through her wild curls. Her eyes opened and she looked at him sleepily, a smile tugging at the one corner of her mouth. "Hey there." Neville returned her smile. "See, I knew you could do it." Hermione gave him an unladylike snort and shook her head, her smile never leaving her face. "You were bound and determined to make me come again, weren't you?" He chuckled. "Yes, I was, but I knew you could handle it." She hummed in agreement. "Mmmm, I guess so." He kissed her forehead. "Shall we go to bed now? The rest of your studying, that you don't need to do, can wait until morning." "That sounds like a wonderful idea." She slowly stood up on wobbly legs. Hermione looked around and grimaced. "This place is a mess." "Nothing a few well-placed spells won't fix," Neville said as he stood up with her. "Accio clothes." He gathered their clothes in his arms while Hermione quickly packed up their bags. Neville grinned. "You know, you can leave all that there. No one is going to bother it." He spotted his boxers under the corner of the sofa. "Accio boxers." Hermione shrugged, her tits bouncing as she moved. "I know, but what if someone wants to use the table in the morning?" "Then they could use one of the many tables we have here," Neville suggested. "Well, I'm almost done." He shook his head. "Okay." He waved his wand over the sofa and the floor where they had been and muttered a few cleaning charms, removing all evidence of their time alone in the room. "Done." Hermione handed him his bag and he took it from her. He nudged her towards her room, where she had the space to herself since Lavender was still recovering from her mauling during the battle and Parvati was sharing a room with her sister, Padma, since they didn't want to be separated from each other. They could've gone to Neville's room, but why sleep in a room with two other wizards when they had her room to themselves. Plus, everyone in their dorm, knew Hermione and Neville were together, so it wasn't like they had to hide anything, it was just that privacy went a long way in a co-ed dorm. Once the door to Hermione's room closed, a figure slithered out from the shadows, throwing a glare at the pair of kickers forgotten underneath the coffee table. "Damn bloody hippogriffs," the figure snarled as he stormed over to the door to his bedroom. Although, if the young wizard took a moment to think about it, he'd realise that it was quite the karmic justice since he was the one to almost get Buckbeak executed. The fact that Draco Malfoy just played voyeur to Hermione and Neville was further proof that Hermione wearing yellow knickers with hippogriffs on them was appropriate. Suddenly, the door to Hermione's room cracked open again and sent Draco sprinting the last few steps to hide behind one of the dark grey wingback chairs. He poked his head around the edge to see a wand appear in few inch gap that appeared in the doorway. "Accio knickers," Hermione's voice whispered. Bright yellow knickers zipped through the air and disappeared into the Gryffindor's room. The door quietly clicked closed behind her. Not wanting to risk getting caught, Draco quickly made his way to the room he shared with Blaise and Theo. He took a moment to collect himself, but the images of Hermione's smooth, alabaster skin and bouncing tits and the rigid planes of Neville's sinful body blew any thoughts of relaxation out of his mind. Draco smirked. He had a wicked tongue and he knew just how to use it to get what he wanted. And he wanted Hermione and Neville.