sneering his signature at Harry's discomfort. Harry stumbled through the woods, unsure of where he was or where Malfoy had gone. His memory had lapsed for a moment in a cloud of pain, leaving him confused and scared. He could feel a warmth clinging to his leg but a cold gripped his heart and a blackness edged through his vision. Slowly but surely Harry slumped to the ground, passing out and bleeding freely into the needle-carpeted forest floor. Hours later Harry woke to a haze of pain and static sounds. Dimly he was aware of screams and a green glow but mostly he felt the absence of his friends. Here he lay prone and in pain but his friends had abandoned him. Groaning, Harry sat up. The blood had caked on his leg and felt crusty as he tried to move his leg. "Shit. That hurts. Ouch." Harry thought. He bit his lip and began to crawl his way towards the sound. He had barely reached the forest edge before a huge blur fell from the sky a hundred meters from him, almost directly on top of a vaguely familiar crowd of cloaked figures. Screams and swears became suddenly prevalent as a huge dragon began to rip into the crowd, slaughtering them but leaving the floating figures untouched. A moment passed and all fell silent, the floating people having been lowered to the ground by the beast. Harry recognized it as the… is that the Irish mascot? Now that he saw it up close it was vastly more impressive. It was coal-black with rough, shiny scales. Huge clawed wings extended from a spined back that ended in a long spear-ended tail. The drake's head was broad and proud, with thick spiraled horns like a brutal antelope. Its eyes were intelligent and penetrating. Beyond all of that was its size, it stood at least 50 feet tall at the shoulder. Harry felt tiny. The dragon was very clearly identifying him. Its eyes were focussed on him, intentions firing through surface of its eyes. He recognized some of the expressions from a brief section on reading magical creatures from his Care class. Respect and fear brushed the muscles contracting directly below the scales on its face. Harry saw the dragon's chest swell and knew he was a dead man. Flames exploded from the mouth of the dragon, Harry thinking all the while that he would be roasted alive. Pain washed over him and the world went black. o0O0o Harry woke some time later as the sun began to crest the English hills. He felt dirty, coated with ash and blood. His lips were cracked and his eyes so dry it hurt to see anything. Something black and vile had exploded from his scar, which was scabbed and numb. His voice was gone and his throat raw from screaming. Regardless of his injuries, he felt… cleansed. Like there had been an evil removed from himself. He rose and began to make his way to a large tent with the words "Emergency Aid" emblazoned on it. Upon entering, many heads swiveled to see him. He was a sight with his ashen clothes and bloody face, but he was unmistakably Harry Potter. A reporter dashed towards him only to be blocked by the scariest thing Harry had ever seen. Madam Pomfrey was glaring at Harry, an arm outstretched beckoning him to a bed. Her expression read very clearly, along the lines of, "Harry James Potter, what in Merlin's name have you gotten yourself into?" Obediently cowering onto the bed, Harry began to think of what had happened. He'd gotten into a duel with Malfoy, lost, then been attacked by a dragon. Harry checked to see if he had all of himself intact. He started with his face, working his way down. He noticed a distinct lack of something: he couldn't find his wand! He reached into the pocket he kept it in and his spirit sank as he felt nothing but ashes. He pulled out the remains of his wand, loss overwhelming him. His wand had been with him since he first stepped foot into the magical world. It had been a part of him and now it was so many ashes. Harry felt tears prick the corners of his eyes, staring dully at the pile of ash and feather. Harry gathered the remains and placed them into his pocket, the only place he could. Pomfrey looked him over, healing as much of the damage as she could and lecturing Harry on proper care of oneself. He didn't hear a thing. What felt like hours passed before his friends showed up. Ron and Hermione seemed pretty shaken up, they'd been crying. Hermione latched onto him breaking down into his shoulder and whispering,"I'm so sorry Harry. I'm so, so so sorry and I shouldn't have left and I'm lucky you're alive and-" she cut off whimpering. Harry hugged her back and gave Ron a meaningful look. He forgave them for running off without him but they shouldn't have done it. The rest of the Weasley family rushed into the tent led by a sobbing Molly, fat tears running down her face. "Harry!" she cried, charging to his side oblivious of Madam Pomfrey's disdainful frown. Harry stood as she approached, being virtually thrown into the ceiling by the force of Molly's embrace. Harry could hardly breathe, he was sure he felt a rib or two crack. Molly didn't notice. Not long after the Weasleys were reunited with Harry did they leave. Hours later, Harry sat in the living room, pondering the events of the night and the last day. He was still in shock as far as he could tell. He hadn't cried or yelled at anyone like he normally would have. But somewhere deep inside Harry, he knew he'd changed. He'd seen people dying before his eyes. He had had a taste of war, and he was determined to keep it from his friends and family.