tongue sliding into the warmth of Harry's mouth, wet and familiar, mingling with the taste of precum on his tongue. Severus continued to thrust harder and faster while he stroked Harry's cock gently and slowly; it was difficult keeping up two separate rhythms, but he managed because he knew it was what would bring Harry to the brink of madness the quickest. When he could feel Harry teetering on the very edge, he thrust once more and used his hand to tap gently on the slit of Harry's cockhead. Harry tensed and screamed his name as he began to climax, his cock spurting out a veritable river of cum, exploding all over the both of them. "SEVERUS!" At the sound of his name on Harry's lips as he came, and the muscles in Harry's arsehole clenching as he orgasmed, Severus felt his own climax hit and came with a shout, spilling his seed into Harry's hole, filling him to the brim with cum. Harry's legs dropped back to the ground as they both stood there, Severus leaning bonelessly against Harry and Harry leaning bonelessly against the wall behind him. The were panting for breath and covered in Harry's cum, and Harry could feel his hole leaking the cum Severus had put there already, dripping down his bare legs. He slowly straightened up enough to reach for the wand in Severus's robe pocket, and he flicked it to clean both their shirts and the floor. Harry grinned a cheeky grin as Severus rolled his eyes, plucking his wand from Harry's grasp and spelling his clothing back on. Once they were both dressed properly, and their silencing spells removed from their corner, Harry stepped forwards to press a gentle kiss against Severus's lips and moved towards one of the many windows which decorated the long hallway. Outside the moon shone in the sky and the stars twinkled brightly, and Harry could see the trees in the Forbidden Forest sway in the summer breeze. Harry turned to look at Severus, standing bathed and beautiful in moonlight spilling from a window and smiled. "God, you're beautiful." Severus blinked at him in astonishment. "You can't be serious." "I am. I think I would like to expand this beyond sex. What do you think?" He felt shy and hopeful because truth be told he'd been wanting to expand what they shared past sex for a very long time. "I'm old enough to be your father." Severus's voice was hesitant and stuttering, his chest rising and falling rapidly beneath the layers of black cloth he wore. He could see the disgusted faces of each and every one of Harry's friends when they found out; and they would eventually find out, it was inevitable. How could he allow that to happen? Harry stepped forward and smiled softly. "I know." He took another step forward. "It's hot." Harry grinned and moved closer in quick steps, causing Severus to move backward until he was pressed against the wall. "Really, really hot." "I-I'm your Professor. It's not appropriate to- you're just a child!" "I'm seventeen and legally an adult. And I'll be graduating in a few weeks. Besides, you weren't complaining about propriety last year when you had your fingers up my arse and your cock in my mouth." Wide-eyed and blushing, Severus tried to brush him off, but Harry wasn't going to be deterred so easily; instead of stepping away like Severus wanted, he shuffled even closer. Now pressed chest to chest, Harry tilted his hips up until his cock was pressed against the man in front of him. "This is what you do to me," he whispered against the other man's ear, his tongue flicking out just the slightest bit against the pale earlobe, causing Severus's breath to hitch and his eyes to close. "Potter," Severus shuddered as Harry's tongue moved down to flick against his throat, and continued in a slightly breathier voice. "Harry. You're a teenager; it is merely your hormones acting up, I promise you. This...thing you have for me, it won't last. It cannot." Harry retracted his tongue and tilted his head back slightly to look Severus in the eye. "No. No, it's not. Let me say it again." He reached down to grab one of Severus's hands and pull it against the front of his trousers, grinding his erection against it obscenely. "This is what you do to me-" he leaned forwards and let his eyes flutter shut as his lips brushed lightly across Severus's mouth. " -D addy." With a sharp intake of breath, Severus's lips parted and he let his tongue ghost over Harry's lips as they rested ever so lightly against his own. "Alright," he whispered against Harry's mouth, before surging forwards to press the shorter man against him, wanting, needing, to feel every inch of him, to make sure he was real. "Alright, Harry." Harry grinned and placed a decidedly filthy open-mouthed kiss against Severus's lips. "Take me to your bed." Harry's words were confident but his tone was pleading and hopeful. His eyes held uncertainty, and the same sense of wonder that Severus had seen in them since that very first time together on Christmas. Severus let himself smile and pulled Harry forwards toward his rooms. "Yes." For the first time, Severus was 100% content with the fact that the only thought his brain was capable of having was PotterPotterPotterPotterPotter. Happy Christmas and New Year, indeed. AN: I just want to add that even though Harry is only sixteen when he first begins having sex, and has his first encounter with Severus, 16 is actually the legal age of consent in the UK, (or so I'm led to believe) which means that everything that happens in this story IS LEGAL. Unethical, yes, because Severus is Harry's teacher...but still legal. So, don't get pissed off about it, just because you don't live in the UK and your legal age of consent is like, 18 or whatever. Thanks a bunch! Toodles;)