Charlie. "And how many for you, Charlie?" "Same as Bill, none." "There you go," Hermione replied. "The fertility rituals used for Beltane can do unexpected things when the fates decide to get involved." "Fates?" Charlie questioned. "I thought you didn't believe in Divination?" Hermione laughed. "I don't, but I've learned over the years that just because I don't believe in something, doesn't mean it's not true." "Wait," Bill said, grasping one of her hands. Charlie and Hermione turned to look at him. "You said one or both." Hermione nodded. "Yes." He squeezed her hand. "Does that mean you're. . ." A hopeful expression lit up his face. "We're having twins?" The brilliant smile that she directed at Bill answered his question, but she replied anyway. "Yes, I'm pregnant with twins." "Did you hear that, Char?" Charlie laughed at the awed expression on his brother's face, knowing that he had a similar expression. "Yes, I did." Bill leant forward and captured Hermione's lips in a searing kiss. Charlie watched his brother and Hermione for a moment and smiled. Bill may not have been ready for children two years ago when he and Fleur split, but that didn't mean that he didn't want children at some point. And if Charlie was honest with himself, he'd never really thought about having a wife and kids, since he enjoyed the bachelor life he'd led for the last ten years, but with the right witch, it was becoming more appealing by the moment. "What's with the goofy smile?" Realising that Bill and Hermione had finally come up for air, Charlie shook his head and replied, "You have a goofy smile of your own, brother, but to answer your question, I was just thinking that it never crossed my mind about settling down with a witch and having kids." Hermione frowned. "I thought you were happy, Charlie. Is this not what you want?" Charlie brushed his thumb across her cheek. "I guess I didn't say it before, but yes, I'm very happy. I may not have ever thought about having kids of my own, but I'm not going to deny that the thought of you pregnant with my child is a very heady one." "I agree with Charlie wholeheartedly," Bill added. "Although, I do have to admit that my inner wolf has been very at ease with everything that we've done. He looked at his brother and Hermione watched as the two eldest Weasley brothers shared a silent conversation. "What? What are you to up to?" She huffed. "You know I hate it when you do that." Bill broke off his conversation with Charlie and returned his attention to Hermione. He grasped one of her hands in both of his. "Hermione, we have a question for you." Charlie grasped her other hand in both of his calloused ones. Hermione darted her eyes between both of them, studying their serious expressions. After a moment, her eyes widened and she pulled her hands from both of theirs. She laid her hands against her cheeks. "Oh, Bill, Charlie, please don't." Their faces fell at her words. "No, wait a moment and hear me out," she pleaded. "It's not that I don't want to marry either of you, I just don't want either of you to feel obligated to marry me because I'm pregnant. I can take care of myself and any children I have." Charlie cupped her hand and grinned. "Do you honestly think either of us would feel obligated to marry you just because you're pregnant?" "Oh, um," Hermione said, not sure what to say. "We were actually going to ask you to make things official with us and become a triad." "We can figure out the logistics later," Bill continued, causing Hermione to turn to look at him, "but Charlie and I have been discussing this for the past couple weeks and while it's only been a month, we agree with what you said the other day. We want to see where things go." "Okay," Hermione murmured, a confused still etched upon her features. "So, you don't want to marry me?" "Not now, no. It's way too early and we don't want to marry you just because you're pregnant. We want to come out to our family with you, not only as a triad, but the mother of our children." Hermione squeaked. "You want to talk to your family?" "Of course," Charlie replied. "Yes, there will be some surprise from most people, but we don't want to hide from them." "Surprise is not the word I would use to describe how your mother will react," Hermione told them. "Or how your youngest brother will react." "Yes, well, we're all consenting adults and they'll just have to get over it," Bill retorted. "Did you and Ron ever date?" Hermione shook her head. "No, Charlie, we never dated. Yes, we shared a kiss during the final battle and I know Ron wanted more, but I wasn't in a right frame of mind at that time." "Is he expecting you to return to him whenever you return to England?" "I hope not," Hermione replied. "I never gave him any indication that I wanted him to wait for me." "If that is the case, then Ron can't complain." Hermione laughed. "Good luck with that one. Ron is just a stubborn as the rest of you." Bill shrugged. "It's a Prewett family trait." "When do you want to tell everyone?" Bill and Charlie thought over her question. "Well, you're only a month along and while I want to tell everyone right away, because I'm so excited. I think maybe we should only tell them that we're in a triadic relationship." Bill nodded. "I agree with Charlie. The three of us together alone will be enough to cause some tempers to flare." He placed his hand over her abdomen. "Let's just keep these two between us for right now until we find your parents." "Okay." A knock drew their attention to the door.