waist as he readied himself for Apparition. Instead of the spell however, the only sound she made was a gasped, "Oh!" They'd come out of the trees, nearly a dozen poachers. Charlie's " Protego !" fended off three spells, but not the one that struck Hermione from behind, knocking her forward. With one strong arm, he dragged her up against his body and hesitated for only a second. A dangerous, foolish second. Then he tamped down on it. Years had passed since he'd had any trouble with Apparition. Another spell narrowly missed his head and Hermione wound her arms around his neck, shooting off a hex from behind him. He held on tightly and Disapparated them. They reappeared on the sandy soil just outside Shell Cottage, and Hermione's grip loosened, but she didn't pull away. "All right?" he asked. Her arms went completely slack around his neck and she started to fall. He saw the blood as he started to lower her, soaked into his sleeve where his arm had been pressed against her side. "Shite!" He lowered her to the ground. It could have been the hex, or it could have been his fault. He pulled open her coat to find her shirt soaked through, the vibrant stain on the pale blue fabric rising and falling shallowly with her quick, panting breaths. "BILL!" Charlie bellowed, tearing off his coat and pressing it to her side. "FLEUR!" It took them so long to get there. So long. A lifetime had passed before he heard the door open, Bill's racing footfalls coming up the path. Her face was so pale. And then Bill was finally there. Bill, with an arm around Charlie and a low voice in Charlie's ear. "What happened?" "I-Poachers and it was... A hex or-I dunno. Splinching maybe." He felt like an idiot. He'd warned her about the danger, but he hadn't really thought that she'd get hurt. Not with him. He didn't let these things happen to the people on his watch. Not after Fred. "Who did the Apparition?" said Bill, and when he received no answer, "Charlie! Who did the Apparition." "I... I did." "All right," Bill said, and he conjured a stretcher. Charlie should have thought of that. Hadn't he done it a dozen times at the sanctuary? "Fleur saw all the blood from the window. She's making an emergency call to the nearest hospital. Let's get her inside." Charlie nodded and watched Bill levitate her onto the stretcher, then guide it to the house. As they passed through the door, Bill said, "You all right, mate? Is this shock or did you take a hex?" "I... Uh, didn't get hit," said Charlie. Everything went slow and fuzzy then, sounds all blending into a low constant ringing. Someone wrapped a blanket around his shoulders. A mediwitch stepped through the crackling green flames in the hearth and Fleur ushered her to the room where Bill had taken Hermione. He didn't know how long had passed, Fleur curling his fingers around warm cups of tea that went cold between his palms. It could have been the lack of sleep, or the fear that this had been his doing, but he could only sit there blankly, watching Bill and Fleur fuss around the kitchen, then disappear into Hermione's room. Charlie stood up, walked to the window, found that he couldn't see anything outside but that spot in the distance where Hermione's blood soaked the ground. Someone should clean that up, he thought. Can't just leave it there. When Fleur surfaced ahead of Bill, she didn't look Charlie in the eyes. "Charlie, mate, sit down," said Bill. Fuck. He shook his head no and braced one hand on the table. Bill frowned, but didn't push, only looked at the table as if he were concerned Charlie would break it. "Look," he said, "the hex they hit her with, it looks like it was supposed to be a pretty serious dark spell, but the wizard who shot it off was an amateur. The impact was minimal, but it's going to require some special care. We can't move her to St Mungo's right now because... Well, that's the other part. All that blood." He paused and pressed his lips together. "That was a splinching injury." "Fuck." This time out loud. "Charlie, you can't blame yourself. Anyone would've been under a fuck-ton of stress in that situation. You did the best you could, and you got the two of you out of there." Charlie ran a hand through his hair, fingers curling into a fist at the nape of his neck. "How long have you two..." Bill let the question trail off. "Been on the dragon's trail? A little over a week," said Charlie. "No, not that," Bill said. "I meant... You and Hermione." His gaze darted away. "We're not-We haven't been. I kissed her once, Bill. And I know I shouldn't do it again, so you can spare me the lecture." "It's fine." Bill was still looking at his feet. "What?" "Charlie, it's fine. Really. Ron, he just wants her to be happy. And I just want you to be happy." He caught Charlie's gaze as he spoke, his eyes all sincerity and hopefulness. After a moment, Charlie nodded. "Thanks, Bill. I don't know what's going to come of it. I'm in Romania, and she's... Well, fuck. She's unconscious in a bed in there because I fucked up." "She's going to get better," Bill said. "The mediwitch is very optimistic. She said she knows a healer who specializes in this sort of thing, reversing the effects of dark magic." "You said we can't move her," said Charlie. "I did." Bill smiled a little now. "But I'm not convinced that will be a problem. I'm going to have a little talk with the bloke, see if I can't talk him in to making a house call." "You know him, then?" "We all know him," Bill said. "In name, anyway. It's Draco Malfoy."