for attention but Harry thought if he took one rebellious act at a time then they would realize that this was truly him and how he really lived. Harry began to lose focus and thought all together when he felt a strong sense of worry and lust come from Draco. He mumbled to himself that he wasn't sure if he quite liked the perk of knowing his boyfriend's feelings or not. Harry looked back over at Draco and Draco's expression filled him with such amusement that he watched Draco literally pout. This was new foreign territory to him, but he figured if they kept at this slow playful pace that he could easily become used to it and be less awkward in his movements. Neville and Harry walked alone as it seemed that the two were now being singled out from the rest of the house. Fred and George had already left school to run their business otherwise they would have been on side with Harry. No one ever talked about it, but Hermione and Ron practically ran the entire Gryffindor house. They were manipulative and hateful but they put up good fronts so no one ever knew how they treated Gryffindor students. Just as Neville had said, Herbology was an exciting period and went by fast. When the class ended, Harry ignored his friends and went straight to Potions. As he was walking down the dungeon he got tugged into an alcove. Without any notice, the person was kissing him. At first he freaked out until he realized it was just Draco. He kissed back hard as he fisted Draco's robes. They pulled apart but they were still filled with lust. Draco began kissing Harry's neck as he put his hand down Harry's pants. As Draco fondled Harry's cock, Harry could only focus on trying to breathe for the immense pleasure from such a simple action was leaving him breathless. "Dra…Draco… stop…" Harry whined even though he still wasn't stopping him. Draco seemed to take that as a challenge and starting sucking on the base of Harry's throat as he left a dark purple love bite. Draco pulled back to look at it and he grinned at the hickey feeling quite accomplished with himself. Harry's face was flushed as he panted and glared at Draco. "What?" Draco asked innocently. "Damn you.. how am I supposed to go to class like this?" "Mm… we could just skip." Draco murmured as he tried to get closer. Harry pushed the blonde away. "Oh no you don't. Just because this connection is so strong doesn't mean you can just jump me in the corridors!" "C'mon Harry its just this one class." Draco said with puppy eyes. Harry shook his head, "No. Potions first and sex later." "Why the hell would you rather be in my godfather's class than being with me?" "Because he has information I need and if I'm not there I won't get it. If I can get on that bat's side things could be easier." "Harry what's going on?" Draco said, now worried. "The Gryffindors are turning their backs on me. I need to be able to survive when they do." "Huh. I swear you sound like a Slytherin." "Well I am one. The sorting hat told me I would do great things in Slytherin but I begged to be put into Gryffindor." Draco's eyes widened, "Wait what?!" Harry smirked, "It's time for class love." Harry darted out of the alcove before Draco could catch him. He went into the Potions classroom and sat near the middle of the room so that he would be able to pay attention and also so that he was away from Hermione and Ron whom were sitting in the back of the class. Pansy whistled at him for the hickey. "Looks like someone's fucking the saviour." Pansy teased loudly. Harry turned around with a smirk and said, "Wouldn't you like to know." "They should already know since you're fucking one of them." Hermione said coldly. Harry turned and gave Hermione a cold stare. A stare that was so infamous that even Professor Snape was impressed. Hermione shut up instantly and Harry turned back around as he began to pull out parchment and his textbook. Professor Snape looked over his class and was surprised at what he saw. It would seem that the Gryffindors broke down into ranks and that Potter was becoming an outcast yet surprisingly he still held power. Professor Snape was unsure if this would be worrisome or not within the coming months. In the end the class settled down and they began the task of creating the Draught of Living Death. The class passed by slow and quiet as the students feared the wrath of the professor. However, once they were dismissed it became chaos. Hermione tripped Harry and due to Draco's instincts, Draco ran right over and just barely caught Harry in mid air before the Gryffindor could fall to the floor. "That was unnecessary Mudblood." Draco growled. "Heh would you look at that a death eater captured Potter. I wonder why." Hermione said with a smirk. There were murmurs amongst the students. "Potters turn dark..." Even though the Slytherins were shocked by it all they proceeded to stand up for each other. If Malfoy was helping Potter it had to be for a good reason. "Or maybe it's because his own fucking house is against him." Blaise Zabini snarled back. "What would you know of any of this Zabini! Do not comment on something you know nothing about." Hermione snapped. To Be Continued Author Notes: I wanted this to be longer, but right now I've hit a road block and can't seem to get anything out. Hope those who have read to the end of this chapter love it and if you have any ideas or scenes that you think would be perfect for the story just jot them down in a review so it can spark my muse.