I thought, why not give it a go! I did give it a go and I used Albus as a patient, you see, Professor, Albus was feeling a bit depressed one day so naturally, as the kind and caring brother I am, I offered him sessions as a Psychiatrist. Laughter is the best medicine so i did that. Albus is very ticklish in the stomach, so I strapped him to a chair and poked his stomach all day long! Original, eh? He laughed so hard that he got sweaty a bit so I splashed water on his face occasionally- and know what? He was cured! He was laughing and laughing and laughing away- well, he was cursing me between his fits but, I chose to ignore it- he can get rather senseless that boy can… Albus got really angry after that, you see, he ran after me all day long- well for a week really- ripping me to shreds and stuff, so I came to the conclusion that he was ill and needed treatment. So I concluded with my ingenious brain that Albus needed Anger Management! I strapped him to a chair in a white room and then I took out a book and Rory started reading to him, you know how Albus loves his books, so, I thought that that would calm him down But he kept interrupting and screaming more and insulted me a lot but as the caring Doctor I am, I ignore it- well, not really, I kind of screamed back at him but moving on I came to the conclusion that Albus was mental. If his anger wasn't treated then there must be something wrong with his brain! So, I thought about the offer of becoming a Brain Doctor! I read a few books on surgery- well, not really- I mean it couldn't be that hard, right? All I had to do was chop off the person's head and say 'Reparo' to the brain and Tah Tan! He's fixed! So, I suggested this to Albus and he threatened to throw himself off the astronomy tower! I mean come on? The usually composed Albus was turning to Rose! It struck me! My Cousin was missing so I took matters into my own hands! I heard that muggle Please-men looked for missing people and tracked bad guys so I wanted to become a please-man! I wore a coat and made a search part of First Years- in the command of Rory, you know how much he looks like a first year, so he gets along with them well- and stuck posters on the wall! IMPORTANT NOTICE! MISSING CHILD! HAVE YOU SEEN THIS BOY GIRL? "Picture of Rose" IF SEEN, THEN REPORT TO JAMES POTTER AND RORY PATTINSON AND CLAIM YOUR PRIZE! Prize: a chocolate frog. I'm a poor guy Professor, I don't have much money, you see because mum and dad keep cutting off my pocket money since i keep getting into trouble at school. So anyways, every ten seconds a person would come in carrying her on their shoulders. Of course, as a Please-man I had to go and inspect if she was Rose and not someone in Polyjuice. Well, the guy was quite rude really,i will not tell you what he said! Then, I saw a clear artifact that he was indeed not Rose! He was her dorky little brother- Hugo Weasley, man, those two look so alike it's kind of scary. So, yeah, that situation happened over and over again, every time the poor bloke walked out of the common room he was carried back by a different group of Gryffindors. So, I told them that I didn't want the little pesky freak and I wanted ROSE. So, they tried removing his clothes so I wouldn't see the Slytherin colour… wow, all that for a chocolate frog, I know! But then, with my overly-amazing- talents, I found Rose! She was taking a bath in the bathroom… well, the job was too easy for me so I declined the offer, but then I found out that the picture I put in the posters was indeed Hugo and not Rose, but- I, um…the reason was- it wasn't a mistake! I was looking for an assistant of my qualities to join me in my please-man-hood! So, I found there was none, so, dismally, I continued my journey… alone. Then, the thought came into me! I wanted something that wasn't too easy yet something that I won't get in trouble with... I want to be... to be... A TEACHER! You'll always see my face Professor, even AFTER I graduate, isn't that great! That way, you won't miss me and I'll pull as much pranks as I can and NOT get detention! Ingenious isn't it? Expect me for the rest of your life Professor! Professor Potter… it sure does have a nice ring to it- and, so my darling Jennykins won't miss me, she can become a Professor too! Isn't that great, I took on the duty of making her choices? Right? I'm such a selfless soul, I know! So, no need to tell me goodbye Professor when I will graduate with flying colours, since I'm going to apply first thing the next day! You'll never have to shed a tear and I can take care of all the sneaky Slytherins for you- see, even more selfless! Your Sincerelly James Sirius Potter J.S.P I mean it is obvious that he rushed that and wrote down the thing words that popped into his head, so please i beg of you, controll your son, and try to get him to study more like your other son Albus Potter, Thank you for your time Yours Sincerelly Minerva Mcgonagall M.M After no 130 i added add lot since it came up to 350, i was bored and decided to add more, so if you haven't read the ones after no 130 then please do so, I also edited a few words, enjoy :D