"What was that?" asked George. "..." Harry repeated. "Harry, you okay mate?" Fred asked, concerned. Harry muttered something. "What was that?" "I think he said, 'tumbleweed'." Fred looked around, quickly spotting the rolling bush. "Oh, so there is. What about it, Harry?" Harry whined, "W-why?" It sounded pretty pathetic. "Oh, I think I get it. Relax, Harry. There's a perfectly rational explanation." "...?" Harry asked. "Indeed. The train brings them in." Harry's face appeared to be stuck in a horrifying half grimace. It was starting to freak the twins out, wizards and foxes alike. "Uh... yeah..." Fred said in what he hoped was a comforting tone of voice. "See, sometimes tumbleweeds get stuck on the Express. Then it drags them along. When it gets to the station, they fall off. Then they kind of blow around, 'cuz that's what they do. See? Perfectly reasonable." Harry blankly gazed through George. Not at him, through him. It was as if he was looking at something fifty feet behind George's face. The redheads were pretty sure that wasn't a good sign. "...scotland..." Harry protested. "What was that, Harry!" "The train goes to Scotland." "Yeah, that's right. Hogwarts is in Scotland. The train goes to Hogwarts. So the train goes to Scotland to get there," said Fred. He spoke very slowly, as if explaining something to a small child. " THERE ARE NO TUMBLEWEEDS IN SCOTLAND !" Harry screamed. He slumped heavily to the ground. The poor kid. His reality check had just come back with the words "Insufficient Funds" stamped on it.. A bell rang, drowning out the sounds of the busy platform. "Oh! Look at that! The boarding bell! Looks like we better get on the train, eh Fred?" George proclaimed, relief evident in his voice. "Right you are! Come along, Harry!" responded Fred. He grabbed Harry by the back of his shirt and began dragging him towards the train. "Don't worry, Harry! I've got your trunk!" exclaimed the other twin. The twin headed for the train, dragging both Harry and his trolley in their wake. As they passed the crumpled forms of Ron and Draco, George suddenly stopped. "Wait a minute George!" he shouted. "We can't just get on the train!" "Why not? It's about to leave. And little Harry isn't looking too good. Might be best to get him somewhere he can have a good rest." "Ron, George. We have a little brother, remember?" "Unfortunately I do. And here I had just managed to forget," George frowned. "Don't worry about it. Mum will take care of it." "She can't. She had do something, remember? She seemed to be pretty wound up about something. Didn't even come through the barrier... Something about a 'horrible abomination'..." Molly stared at the frying pan, wand out and ready. The frying pan stared back. She silently swore that she would respect 'use by' dates in the future. It just wasn't worth the hassle to save a bit of money. She lunged forward. The yellow and white mess in the frying pan screamed a battle-cry. "Oh dear. I do seem to remember something of the sort. Yes, we'd better take care of them, hadn't we?" He gently set Harry on the ground and strode towards the comatose boys. The second warning bell rang, prompting the twins to turn from their work. Fred quickly reclaimed Harry's trolley, while Fred tossed the small boy over his shoulder. "Murgle," said Harry. "Is... is he going to be okay?" "I certainly hope so. I don't want to be responsible for breaking the boy-who-lived-and-defeated-the-dark-lord-but-went-nuts-because-he-saw-a-tumbleweed-and-is-now-drooling-on-my-back." "Yes, I suppose that would be pretty bad for our reputation." "Yes, we'd be the-horrible-redheaded-twins-who-broke-the-boy-who-li-" "I'm pretty sure I get the idea. No need to drive the joke into the ground." "Have you ever wondered why we like hyphens so much?" "I always assumed it was because hyphens are just incredible. Everyone loves a good hyphen." George shrugged. "Well, brother of mine, here's hoping for another entertaining year," He said cheerfully. He threw his free arm over his brother's shoulders. "Indeed," Fred agreed. "Ah, George? You know that whole bit earlier? You do know I was just kidding around, right?" "Of course! Why, what sort of a fool do you take me for?" "So... you do realize that there's no need for any sort of embarrassing and potentially painful payback, right?" "Oh, brother, sometimes you say the funniest things..." The arm around Fred's neck tightened noticeably. "The funniest things..." muttered George ominously Retroactive Author's Note: So, if you're reading this, you're probably new to the story. Thanks for giving it a shot. I hope you enjoy it. If you're still kind of undecided after this chapter, I'd like to ask that you give me one more chapter to grab your attention. Looking back, I'd have to say this is the least entertaining of the lot. Not exactly the best way to start a story, I know, but going back and rewriting it just doesn't appeal to me at the moment. For now, I've decided to go back and fix a bunch of errors I noticed after posting old chapters. I've also decided to add these notes to chapters that didn't already have them, for no apparent reason. I guess you should feel special, because people who already started the story didn't get to see this random drivel? Anyway, if you're just starting and like it so far, I hope you enjoy the rest. The main intention here was to write something that was a mixture of semi-crack humor, serious business stuff and an actual plot. I'm proud to say that after 13 chapters and 100,000 words I'm finally getting to the meat of the plot. Between here and there is mainly a bunch of minor set up, some character-building and a lot of words that I really hope will make you laugh. So, sit back and enjoy the show... story... whatever. You don't even have to sit back if you don't want to. I won't make you.