container and It placed the vial inside one of Its many pockets. "You will insert it, not I and before you ask, my Master, he will not retain his appearance but would take much of yours." "What do you mean I will implant the soul? And perhaps you do not know, but we do look very much alike." Much to Ginevra's horror. He could still remembered when his features had started to change after he had hit his 17th birthday. Only the youngest Weasley knew whom his features were turning into, and it had freaked her so much that she almost drove a stake into his chest when he was having a sleep over at the Burrow. "Indeed I do know, as well as to the reason why." He made an irritated sound and huffed out in frustration. It has been so long since he showed any emotion other than boredom, rage and bloodlust freely. In just over an hour, Death had already accomplished the things that even his Parasite toys had failed to do. Death stared at its Master as he continued to mumble out incoherent hisses. "What about his memories?" The man finally huffed out. "All are intact." "Would that not mean he will remember his life… and death?" "Indeed he will." "He would kill me once he finds out I was his killer." "And he would not succeed." The man sighed. He knew that even with the soul's memories intact, he would still out-power the soul. He was a monster in human skin after all. A man-made monster. "Should I have a need to apparate all the way to –the ruined– Gringotts for gold?" "There would not be any need. Death's Vault has always been everywhere and … untouchable." "Excellent… Will I be getting my own name?" "If you so wish to." "Finally I get to choose a much better than my current mundane one! Perhaps –" As they continued their discussion, the scarlet eye man had thought about the things he would be doing in the near future. The pros definitely exceed the cons. He would've killed himself if he continued to live… no, survive in the world he's currently in. The problem was that he was just unable to remain dead for long. Oh he tried killing himself plenty of times. From slitting his throat to beheading himself. From holding his breath to drowning himself. From setting his body aflame to throwing himself into a pit of lava. Everything he tried had failed. When his limbs (and head) was cut off, they would reattach themselves –he doesn't even know how– even after he was halfway across the world. They would just pop up the next day or something. The first time he had to reattach his limb, he had screeched like a little girl in the face of a pedophile. It was that painful. All the skin and veins and nerves and muscles and bones and… everything, connecting forcefully into one. He had gotten used to the feeling with time and now he would just feel an odd sensation if he were to accidently cut his fingers on accident. Perhaps his reactions and feeling to pain were numb and void. Perhaps he had acquired a medical condition called congenital analgesia. What the medical crapping name means is that the person cannot feel physical pain. He would only feel an itch or a blunt force like when your friend pokes your sides. Other than re-attaching limbs, if his lungs were filled with water, they would force him to puke everything out, even his stomach contents. It was unpleasant but bearable. The most hated was his skin. His burnt skin would drop off, alike a snake during their shedding. It was awfully itchy and would lead to him scratching his skin off –which was counterproductive. Not tickly itching, it was itching that you need to scratch to satisfy yourself. It took a lot of control, but he managed after a few month of being a no-skin human. After finalizing everything to the tiniest details to avoid any potential danger to his new identity, the scarlet eyed man narrowed his eyes as he stroke his pet's head. "When will we be leaving?" "Now if you so wish it." It held out Its hand, waiting for the man to accept it. The man tilted his head towards the window and removed his glasses as he fixed his gaze at the polluted green sky a last time. The sky was one of the first things that changed after the air was polluted by poisonous chemicals and gasses. Humans were forced to wear masks to avoid would not miss such a sight. He placed his smaller, scarred hand upon Death's bigger and pallor palm. As soon as the entity's fingers entwined with his, he felt his body shudder. His scarlet eyes widen and brightened to crimson in unmasked pain. It was a feeling he had become unfamiliar with. Excruciating pain that he once felt when his equal tortured him, when Parasites experimented on him. He felt his bones, organs, innards and the like, melt and he couldn't help but scream in distress. It was unbearable as he felt his skin tighten, blood boiling, and muscles forcing themselves to break apart. His vision started spinning with rainbow colored laser beams, everything became blurry as tears trail down his slowly fattening cheeks. Just as inky black spots appear, an arm hooked around his waist and he disappeared. On the year 2157, Harry James Potter vanished, leaving only a snake lying on a still warm throne. A/N My inspiration for writing this fic is due to: The beginning to the beginning by HuskyWalker. For those people who love reading TMR/HP time-travel fic, read it! I recommend it! And please bear with me, the other chapters would be longer and less boring. It will get better \(OwO)/ My apologies for grammar mistakes and spelling errors. My first language is not English. Rainbows and sunshine, GenderlessPerson