Diggory. The girl's hair and eyes have changed as well. I think the shape of her face is even different," Mary whispered. "Those are just changes , Mary. They are completely natural," Amos started to get cross at the inquiries as a knot a fear began twisting in his stomach. Mary Ferguson puffed out her chest in annoyance. "Mr. Diggory, I might be young but I've watched over lots of children and I know tha's not how changes work. The girl can' have auburn hair so red it's nearly copper one day and nearly completely brown hair the next. Please don' treat me like I don' know wha' I'm talkin' about. What happened to Evie?" "Ms Ferguson, you would do well to remember that I am your employer," Amos snapped, unable to answer her. "Now, I've got to go or I'm going to be late." Mary watched him disappear into the flames in absolute shock. Amos Diggory had always been the nicest employer she'd ever had, and she had very nearly considered him a friend. He was not the type to snap at anyone, let alone attempt to put her in her place, as it were. Rattled, but still having a job to do, Mary turned to the children with a bright smile. She felt bad for forgetting they had been standing there waiting for her to hear about their holidays. "Well now, weren' you goin' tah tell me all about yer Christmas?" There was a hesitant moment before her reassuring smile sunk in for them and the flood gates of information started pouring forth. Amos walked quickly into work and straight to his office, closing the door behind him with barely a wave towards his coworkers. Inside, he finally let the panic settle in. His hands shook as he thought on what he could do to end Mary's questions. Finally the answer churned in his brain, and though he was hesitant to ask for any help after what the necklace had done, he knew how dangerous it could be if he didn't. Sitting at his desk resolutely, Amos pulled out a piece of parchment and a quill. He worded his letter carefully, making sure to express both his gratitude as well as his predicament. When he finished, he read over it three times before becoming sure that it was good enough. Closing and addressing it, he exited his office once again. Paula, the office secretary, looked up from her desk when his door opened."You alright there, Amos?" "Just a little trouble with the nanny," Amos sighed as he started towards the Owlery. "How are your boys?" "Just fine, thanks. Can you believe they'll both be at Hogwarts next year?" "They grow up too fast, if you ask me," Amos chuckled. "Don't I know it. You cherish these times, Amos. They'll be over too soon," Paula sighed and looked at the picture on her desk which depicted younger versions of her two sons, hardly a year apart in age. "I will Paula. I've just got to mail something out, if anything comes in for me while I'm gone, just set it on my desk, will you?" "You want me to handle that?" She offered pointing to the envelope in his hand. "No, that's alright. It's a bit personal, you understand?" "Say no more," the woman smiled and Amos realized that her too bright red lipstick had found its way onto her teeth. He almost said as much, but decided against it. The older woman would be in the bathroom for the next hour if he did. Amos spent the rest of the day waiting for a reply, which never came. He was quick to pack up and head for the Floo Stations, something that was rare for him. Amos was often one of the last to leave the office, but he was hoping the reply was waiting for him at home. Once he thought about it, it was much safer than sending one to the office where anyone might accidentally see it. "You've got a letter, Mr. Diggory." Mary replied as soon as he stepped out of the flames. Her voice was different- cool and distant- and though Amos did feel guilty for what he'd said to her, he knew it was necessary. "Thank you, Mary." He replied, hardly looking at her as he took the letter baring the Hogwarts crest and opened it, reading through the frustratingly short reply. Dear Amos, The situation will be handled by tomorrow before you have left for work. Do not worry yourself, and if there are any more issues do not hesitate to write. It was not signed but he knew it had reached the right hands. Sighing, he knew he was left with no choice but to trust that the situation was indeed handled. He supposed it shouldn't be hard, but if things did not work out he could lose his daughter, and that was what truly worried him. The next morning there was a knock on the door as Amos sat wiping the food from Evie's face. Glancing up in surprise he waited, thinking perhaps he had imagined it- after all Mary would always floo in. When the knock sounded again, he stood and instructed his children to stay seated and finish eating their breakfast. At the door was a woman with graying hair pulled into a tight bun. She had dull blue eyes; the kind that seemed to have once been vibrant and full of life, but time had taken its toll on them. She was older than Amos by possible ten years and had the wrinkles to show for it. She carried a bag of bright paisley print and she smiled warmly, despite what the rest of her appearance might lead one to expect. "Um…hello?" Amos greeted in confusion. "Good day, Mr. Diggory. I am Ilsa Darby." Amos continued to stare at her in confusion and Ilsa just smiled kindly at his ignorance before explaining, "I'm your new nanny."