they asked him about five years ago," McGonagall muttered as the two of them came to stand next to Poppy Pomfrey. "But to have her simply walk away at the mention of it..." "Was that really the potion that they got doused with?" Flitwick asked as they watched Umbridge walk around the corner at the end of the hall and further into the castle to harass someone else. Poppy quickly cast a privacy charm around them before answering. "No, Severus stopped some young fools trying a ritual the other night, getting caught in the backlash for his trouble. I've no idea what happened to Mr. Potter just that he has grown fangs and now has some type of pouch on the roof of his mouth but otherwise seems fine. We needed something to tell her and decided it would work best if I secluded both and said they were caught in a potions accident, which included a misfired spell, that took a while to show symptoms. I've got their skin charmed blood red at the moment for one of their 'symptoms'." Poppy admitted. "There's too much risk of her forcing them to sign something or decide that they need to be arrested for using Dark Arts or some other such nonsense without a plausible excuse. Like you, Minerva, I know that the infertility solution is something Severus has been working on for quite some time. I can always say that as a medi-witch I failed to recognize the potion they were doused in if some other potions master refutes my diagnosis. Especially, since its supposed to be an experimental one contaminated with a miscast spell in any case." "Well, we can claim that Severus is probably punishing Mr. Potter enough for whatever happened if she decides to push or assign him mock detentions until the end of the year. That woman keeps targeting him and we can't keep her from focusing on him for too long without risking being able to protect as many of our students as possible," Flitwick pointed out despairingly. "The only other alternative I see is assigning select students to tutoring other select students and possibly setting a prize for the most inventive prank pulled on the woman. It might even bring some of the Slytherins back from her horrid grasp, especially if we make that squad a secondary target." "I'll start with the Weasley twins. If you would be so kind as to find me a copy of the list of Mr. Potter's defense club and anyone else you think might be helpful I would appreciate it Filius. I can go over it when you speak with Pomona about her contribution. I also see no reason not to offer extra credit or points for spells from their lessons submitted to us that they have practiced out side of the classroom, provided they have not actually harmed anyone." Minerva McGonagall suggested. "I don't think we should include Slytherin house in the... extra circular activities unless they approach us, at which time we can explain why before offering them a chance to help if they can prove themselves. It will be a good lesson and doesn't necessarily violate any of the rules that disgrace of a teacher had put in place. Or at least none that the students aren't already violating to one degree or another." "Just be certain that woman only gets those who volunteer to go to her detentions and the rest of you take everyone else. I don't know what she's doing to them but I've seen students crying or in pain and with the writ of authority she waves around I've been banned from helping anyone unless they come to me or one of you sends them to me. It worries me, especially since she threatened to send any student I helped to Azkaban if I didn't obey," Poppy admitted, tears of frustration and pain in her eyes. "At least it doesn't have to be the hurt person asking for help, someone else can ask on their behalf." "When did this happen?" Flitwick asked in shock. "Beginning of October. I think she was supposed to use the writ for something else but instead she used it to stop me from healing them unless asked and to keep my silence," Poppy told them. "It makes me wonder if we wouldn't be better submitting to the Dark Lord, provided we could get him to leave the students alone." "Inform Severus of this development and Poppy? I am asking you now to help any and every student or staff member barring Umbridge and possibly Mr. Filch unless helping them would put them in danger. I would prefer that they don't prank the rest of the staff or put other students in danger but we can take a hit as cover if needed," McGonagall instructed bruskly. "Particularly the members of Mr. Potter's defense club and the Weasley twins." "Gladly, I am quite sick of people trying to interfere with my job. First it was Albus forbidding treatment in certain cases to Mr. Potter, which I ignored, and then there were the times he tried to keep me from seeing to Severus after he came back from one of those dreadful meetings. I'll not stand for this any longer!" Poppy growled before turning on her heel and stalking back into the hospital wing, leaving behind two very startled professors. "Albus? Albus interfered?" Minerva asked the air in shock. "It appears that we have been duped," Flitwick said grimly. "I'll owl my relatives at Gringotts, heaven help that man if he's been stealing from Hogwarts and the students. Perhaps we can make a deal with the Dark Lord? Or at least offer neutrality of the staff in exchange for the safety of the students?" "The next time I see that man he will wish he had never set foot in these halls," Minerva growled as she stalked away, breaking the privacy enchantment, to see a ghost about a prank.