a very disturbing wink, which Harry hoped to never see again. "Who's the highest ranked female?" Harry asked innocently, pleading silently that it wasn't Millicent Bulstrode or Eloise Midgen. Diyader only smiled. "You know, I just can't seem to remember. I suppose you'll find out for yourself." Harry shook his head and left, closing the door behind him. It always had to be him, didn't it? Ron would have a fit when he heard the news. Maybe they wouldn't declare the ranks of everybody, and Harry could remain anonymous. Probably a long shot, but maybe he could convince some of the people in charge. It sounded like he already had one girl who he would do...things...with. He didn't want swarms of them coming after him, which now was even more likely. Harry certainly liked girls. He was, after all, a horny male teenager. However, he didn't like the idea of just doing...things...with every girl he met. What would that do to friendships? Sighing, Harry continued to follow the directions he'd been given to his quarters. When he reached his destination, he found himself standing in front of a portrait of a banana bunch around the corner from the Common Room entrance. Tentatively, he held out the key to the portrait. Suddenly, one of the bananas stuck out of the painting and grabbed key. The portrait swung open, and Harry was left wondering how he'd get in the next time. Harry walked up some stairs until he found himself in his new quarters. He had to admit, if Diyader and his staff were trying to bribe Harry through nice stuff, they were doing a pretty good job. Harry explored the quarters and was quite pleased with what he found. There was (awkwardly) one bedroom, but it was quite large. The bed looked extremely comfy, and it had to be at least a King size. There was a closet in it, filled with nice clothes and robes, that Harry could have was large enough to store an elephant. The bathroom was huge too. It had a large shower, mirrors all around, an intricately carved stone sink, and a large jacuzzi tub. Finally, there was a room similar to main area of the Gryffindor Common Room. It had a fireplace, two comfy-looking chairs, and soft couch, and two desks to use for studying. After exploring a bit, Harry decided that he needed a bit of relaxation after all the excitement of the day. He sat down in one of the chairs, pulled a red and gold blanket over top of him, and nodded off into dream world. Hermione was standing in front of him. For some odd reason, her robes seemed to be much too small. Harry couldn't help but glance at Hermione's smooth, soft-looking legs that her short robes so easily revealed. He wondered what it'd be like to feel them. Red-faced, Harry quickly shifted his gaze to her face. She was smiling happily. "What's the matter, Harry?" "I, uh, I was just, well…" Harry could feel a certain bodily appendage growing, demanding to be appeased. Mortified, he tried to shift so that it wouldn't be so obvious. "Oh. Is it my robes?" Hermione looked down at herself. "I don't like them either. Too tight. Plus they sort of restrict your view of me, don't they?" With that, Hermione unclasped her robes, letting them fall to the floor and displaying her fully naked body. Harry's eyes slowly moved down from her face to settle upon the two beautiful twins in front of him. Hermione didn't have huge breasts like Lavender Brown or Susan Bones did. Those, Harry thought, were almost too big. Hermione, though, boasted a pair of nice, perky B-cups. Big enough to be grabbed and squeezed, but not so big that they sagged. Now free of their bonds, her breasts sat serenely in the open air. Her pink nipples, due to the quick change in temperature, were now standing at attention, just asking to be felt. Harry tore himself away from Hermione's boobs and continued downward. He slowly looked down her smooth abdomen until his gaze settled right between her legs. Cleanly shaven, Harry could only stare at the beautiful, glistening slit that he swore was almost beckoning him to come closer. By now, Harry Junior was fully awake and demanding some attention. "It looks like you like what you see, Harry," Hermione smiled. "Perhaps you'd like to slip into something more comfortable. Maybe me?" SLAM! Harry practically jumped up in fright, suddenly awakened from what had quickly become one of his best dreams ever. He'd been startled by a slamming noise, probably the portrait slamming closed. It seemed that the girl he'd be sharing the room with was here. Looking down, Harry sighed in relief. The blanked adequately covered his physical response to that amazing dream. He'd been dreaming more and more of Hermione like that. It felt weird, since she was his best friend, and now he could barely look at her without thinking about her differently. Ever since he came back from the graveyard, he'd started to notice that Hermione was, indeed, a girl! Sighing, Harry decided to just sit in the chair and wait for his room mate to enter. If he got up, he might show off a little more about himself than he'd like. He listened, hearing footsteps coming us the stairs, trying to figure out when the girl would see him. "Harry? What are you doing here?" Standing in the doorway, in her arms a parcel just like Harry's, was Hermione Granger. /:Note:/ Holy crap! This chapter went way longer than I was intending. Don't expect them to all be that long. Sorry if this got a bit boring, but I felt compelled to have some sort of setting and background. Just fyi, the pronunciation of Harry's helper is "Randy Aider." If you cringed while reading that, I'm not sorry. Anyway, I'll try and post the next chapter soon. Hope you liked it!