maybe that's how boys flirted here. But even though Paul was attractive, she was not looking for a boyfriend or anything. The instant of hesitation cost her dearly and before she knew it Ernie had locked the door and Paul was reaching for the girl's thigh. Marie Josephine wanted to scream but Paul's other hand stopped her from it. Squirming away from his grip, she reached for her wand and pulled it out. "IMMOBILUS!" she shouted. The four boys immediately stopped moving. Marie Josephine looked at them for a second and then gestured for the door to open and threw the four boys in the corridor with a wave of her wand. People came rushing out of their compartments at the sound of their bodies hitting the wall. "You witch, how could you?" Paul growled standing back up. The first spell had worn out. Marie Josephine walked back into her compartment but before she could close the door, Paul grabbed her wrist. She punched him with her free arm and kicked his shin as hard as she could. The boy fell to the floor cursing Marie Josephine with all his life. Before the girl could breathe Samuel threw himself at her. She sidestepped and he ran into the train window at the end of the compartment. She kicked him hard in the groin from behind and he fell too. Turning her attention to Rupert who had now joined the fight, she skived a punch only to receive another one in the ribs. Groaning, she threw herself onto Rupert's back and began hitting his head. The boy tried getting rid of her but she was faster and jumped onto the seat. Using her height, she kicked him to the ground. Finally, Marie Josephine turned to Ernie, who just picked up his friends and ran away. "What in Merlin's name was THAT?" a voice called. Marie Josephine stuck her head out of the compartment only to see Fred and James standing bewildered in the corridor, looking at Paul and his clique run away. "Did you just, forgive my words, kick their ass?" Marie Josephine couldn't help laughing at her friends' faces. She shrugged and went back into the compartment. She felt her ribs and tensed when her hand ran over the place where Rupert had punched her. She was sure it was going to bruise, but nothing appeared broken. Thank God they hadn't hit her face, it would have been hard to explain to the Headmistress she had already gotten in a fight before even arriving to school. "Well, Marie Jo, I'm impressed. You have yet to prove that there is something you can't do." Fred mused entering the compartment. "Yeah well, I hope they don't get me in trouble. I haven't even set foot in Hogwarts and I already got in a fight." "Nah, I mean they're the ones that'll show bruises so I don't think they'll want to go around saying they got beat up by the new chick." James replied. "Anyways, we'll be arriving soon. We were wondering if you wanted to come over meet the family. They were curious about this new girl we've 'befriended'." Fred made bracket motions with his fingers. "Umm, sure…" Marie Josephine grabbed her trunk and her bag and followed the boys down the carriage. A bit further, two compartments were filled with redheads laughing and chatting loudly. James and Fred knocked on the doors and all the occupants turned their heads and instantly piled up at the door to get a better look at the new girl. "Well, you must be Marie Jo. I'm Roxanne, Fred's twin, pleased to meet you." A girl said extending her hand for Marie Josephine to shake. "Hi." "Hello, I'm Molly, seventh year as well, and Head Girl. Pleasure." "Nice to meet you Molly." "I'm Rose, this is Albus. We're fifth years. Nice beating you gave the boys back there." "Thanks." Marie Josephine laughed uncomfortably. "I'm Dom, sixth year, nice to meet you. Tell me, how did you get these two idiots to talk to you? I mean, them making friends with a girl is… somewhat weird." "I'm sorry, what?" "Well, you see, these two went from 'Ew, girls have cooties!' to 'Let's snog every decent bird in this school'. Making friends with them is nothing short of an achievement." "Oh, I guess it's just that I would have beaten the crap out of them too had they tried anything inappropriate with me." James and Fred laughed heartedly. "I'm Lucy, fourth year. Pleasure to meet you." "I'm Hugo, nice to meet you. Will you teach me how to do that sending people flying into the hallway thing?" "Umm sure, if you want." "I'm Lily, pleased to meet you. Don't let my brother corrupt you, hear me?" "Okay, okay, I won't don't worry!" Everyone laughed at Lily's worried face. They chatted for a little and were interrupted when a loud whistle was heard. "Ah, we're almost there. Grab your stuff guys. I have to go back to the Head Carriage, Albus, Rose, you should get ready to round people up to go to the carriages. I'll see you at the feast, okay?" Molly asked. She grabbed her trunk and headed out. "Small question, what are Heads?" Marie Josephine whispered as soon as she was out of earshot. "Oh, well you see in fifth year you can be appointed prefect. It means you have more rights, as well as more responsibilities. Every year, the Headmistress picks two students, a boy and a girl, to be Head Students. They are sort of the prefect bosses." "Oh, nice, I was a bit confused by what Molly was telling me." They all laughed. The train eventually came to a halt and all the students began filing out onto the platform. It was a mess of forgotten bags, mixed up trunks and what not. Marie Josephine did her best not to step on anyone as she awkwardly carried her trunk out of the train.