was flat against her lower back, pinning her fast to the desk—she couldn't move. "I don't think so." He scolded playfully, and his fingers quickly moved away from her clit, and a muttered lubrication spell was her only warning before he slid two fingers into her ass, the lubrication easing his way past the initial resistance. It was invasively sudden, and Hermione squirmed against the pain of the stretch even if it was translating into something dangerous pleasurable. Draco shifted and scissored his fingers, testing and stretching the give of the rim of her ass, and Hermione hands were gripping the edge of the desk at her hips for some semblance of control. She was trying to form a protest, but all she could manage were gasps and whimpers that only encouraged him. Finally his fingers left her, and she was allowed a moment of frustrated relief before he was muttering more spells—a stamina spell, she thought she heard—and he lined himself up with her ass. "Malfoy—" she managed, but he ignored her, slowly sliding home with an ease that was only possible with heavy lubrication. He could've slammed in, but his slow entrance was more tortuous—making her feel each inch as he filled her. It was his fingers times ten. The burn was worse, but so was the accompanying pleasure, and she was practically sobbing when he finally pressed his hips flush against her. She felt stuffed full , in a way that was so much more intimate than her traditional intercourse. She didn't want to move, every microscopic shift just made it hurt more, but she found herself helplessly grinding against him all the same. Her frustration had built beyond her control, and even her dignity, and she wanted to beg him to move—regardless if everyone in the Ministry heard her, even if she had to scream it, her colleagues be damned. And he knew it too, "Is there something you want?" he was mocking her, still as a statue, refusing to give into the tears that were welling in the corners of her eyes. "Please—Malfoy, please fuck me! Merlin, please!" The only indication of his wavering self-restraint was how quickly he gave in—she knew he could've dragged out the teasing, but he was rock hard within her, and she knew his stillness was giving him some grief as well. He started with slow, deep thrusts, forcing her to take him flush each time. But then his hands were bruising on her hips, pulling her against him as his pace increased and he was fucking her with vigour, forcing sounds of Hermione with each slam home. The heady mix of pain and mind-melting pleasure had Hermione feeling dizzy, but her clit was still woefully neglected, so she teetered painfully on the brink of orgasm—tears of frustration spilling over her cheeks in earnest despite the world-class fucking Malfoy was treating her to. It wasn't just the sensation however—it was the feeling of being filled up and used so roughly that had Hermione's whole body thrumming, desperate for the orgasm she was being deliberately denied. It was when Malfoy's thrusts grew even rougher and a little choppy that he muttered something else—a spell she didn't catch—and it felt as though something invisible was vibrating furiously against her clit. That was all it took, and Hermione came with a silent cry. Draco's body pinned her down as she shook—her nails digging so sharply into the wood they were sure to leave indents. But she was completely encompassed by the long-anticipated flood of relief, and her body keened with it, leaving her jerking and shivering on the desk's surface. Not until she arched against Draco, as he came deep inside her—a possessive and primal move—did she come back to herself, with a fluttering calm that was unparalleled by anything else. She felt entirely sated, and secretly lived for the seconds between an orgasm and when the ache of rough sex would inevitably set in. "So that was how you pictured it?" Hermione asked in a business-like tone, buttoning her blouse. Draco grinned like a cat that got cream, already lacing his boots in the armchair, "Darling, that was it and more. You were wonderful." She tried not to blush, but she had prepared carefully for the role, trying to walk the careful line between innocent reluctance and refusal, "You just like the idea of me being your secretary, because it would never happen in a million years." She said primly, watching him stand and walk to the desk drawer. He huffed in amusement, as it was a well-rehearsed squabble between them, "Well, I keep offering you a position at Malfoy Corp, and you keep refusing me. We'd do well with your mind on board, love, and the pay would be completely negotiable." She tried to bite back a teasing smile, "I don't know—I heard the boss is a right sleaze." His smile mirrored hers, "I heard that he's tied down now, and that wife of his is a proper ball and chain." Hermione tried to look offended, but he'd pulled something out of the desk drawer, and threw it towards her. She caught the platinum rings out of the air, slipping both on her finger. "I suppose it is good having you at the Ministry—" Draco allowed, sliding his own platinum ring back on. "So I can orchestrate your nefarious plans of world domination?" she was finished dressing now, and was pulling her hair back into a sloppy bun, if only it would comply. "I was talking about using your office on Sundays for roleplay, but that works too." She grabbed her wand from her pocket, changing the décor back to its red accented norm. Draco made a sound of disgust. "It's my turn next, then." Hermione watched her husband cross the room towards her. "Any ideas?" he held his hand out for Apparition, she grabbed it. "Maybe the injured Quidditch player and the strict nurse?" Draco winked, "Sounds good, Nurse Granger."