note and clamped it in the Owl's beak and threw it out of the window, into the storm. He made it seem normal as talking on a telephone. "Just wait right there," Uncle Vernon panicked. "He isn't coming to that stupid freak school, and nor is she." Hagrid grunted. "I'd like to see a great Muggle like you stop them." "What's a muggle?" Harry asked curiously. "A non-magic folk, not like us. But in Hogwarts, nobody's a muggle. And under the training of Albus Dumbledore, he'll be a fine wizard. And you will be a good witch, Emery." Hagrid added. Uncle Vernon still wasn't giving in. "I am not paying some old crackpot to teach him some magic tricks." But Uncle Vernon was pushing his luck too far. Hagrid grabbed and pointed his pink umbrella and pointed at Uncle Vernon. "NEVER INSULT ALBUS DUMBLEDORE IN FRONT OF ME!" He roared, and a jet of light from his umbrella came from his umbrella and then a flash of light of purple light and followed by Dudley squealing in pain, clutching his butt. Uncle Vernon gave a glare us a mix of fear and anger, and he pulled his family into the other room. After he left I stared laughing loudly. "Shouldn't lost me temper," He smiled at me," But it didn't work anyway. I meant to turn him into a pig but he was so much of a pig there wasn't much in him anyway." I smiled and remarked, "You should see how much he eats!" He cast a grin at me and looked at Harry. "I'll be happy if you don't mention to anyone at Hogwarts." "Ok," Harry answered. "Alrigh', tomorrow's going to be a big day so try to get some sleep."Hagrid said, and me and Harry curled up on his coat. The next morning, I woke up feeling dazed and confused. Was I just dreaming that a giant came in and said that we were a wizard and witch? No, that wasn't possible, The dream was set n the morning and it seemed very real. As I sat up, I realized I was right. A giant brown coat was covering me and Harry, and we were in the same Hut as before. "Harry," I whispered, and gently shook him awake. He blinked and sat up, putting on his glasses and looking around groggily. "Was it all a dream? No wait it wasn't...It was real, wasn't it?" I punched him playfully on the shoulder. "Of course it was! What do you think Dumbo?" Suddenly a knocking sound was heard, and I went to find it. I almost fell over when I saw what it was. There was a barn Owl knocking on the window! I shakily opened the window, and it swooped in and started attacking Hagrid's coat. "Wait, stop," Harry tried to shoo the Owl away. "Don't do that." "I think he wants something." I remarked pointing it the coat. "It's probably from the coat." Hagrid started to wake up and grunted "Yer right, Emery. Pay him." "What?" "The Owl wants money for delivering the letter." I explained and rummaged through the pockets of his coat, trying to find something that looked like money. I eventually found a bag full of coins. "How much Hagrid?" I asked, and held up the bag. "Five knuts." "Huh?" "The little bronze ones." I opened the bag and picked out five bronze coins. The Owl held his leg so I could put them into a small leather pouch. I slipped them in, and gave him a gentle pat on his head. The Owl nipped me gently by the ear and flew off. "Wow," Harry observed. "You're good with animals." "I see 10 years of being with me has not been wasted, big brother." I said sarcastically. He laughed and playfully slapped my shoulder. "He's righ', you're good with animals," Hagrid said from behind us. "Hope I'm going to be teacher of the care of magical creatures in yer year. I'd like to teach you." "Thanks," A warm feeling rose from my stomach. "I'm going to take Harry to take to but his school supplies." Hagrid yawned, and stretched his arms. "Oh. Do I have to stay here all of the time Harry stays at Hogwarts?" I said. The warm feeling had disappeared. "I can't do that! Emery's all I have left." Harry shouted desperately, his voice cracking. "No," Hagrid said, "You can stay with your godfather, if you like." "Ok, I will." I answered. "You're going to be Ok right?" Harry asked, placing his hand on my shoulder. I nodded and Hagrid added, "I'll send you to him when Harry leaves for Hogwarts." "Who is he?" I asked. "Severus Snape." When Hagrid and Harry had left, I just sat in silence in the car while we drove back to 4 Privet drive. When we arrived, I just sat in my room, because the Dursleys were so afraid of me. I was glad when Harry had come back, because it was really awkward and Harry also brought a lot of interesting stuff with him. I read a lot of his books, and played with his new Owl Hedwig, for a while. When it was time for Harry to leave, Hagrid came again and used this weird thing called Floo Powder. I t was some kind of Wizard transportation. This is really weird, I thought as I disappeared into green flame, waving back to Hagrid and Harry. I arrived at a big dark house. It looked pretty gloomy in there. Most of it's windows blocked the house's inside. There was thick green ivy climbing up the black stone wall, and the door had two golden handles. I knocked on it tentatively. A House elf got the door (I read about them in one of Harry's books) and lead me to see a man with a hooked nose a greasy black hair with cold, dark eyes. "Hello," He said. "I am your godfather, Severus Snape."