him. "Don't — what are you doing?" Harry hissed, springing up put of his seat in shock— Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage. "House-elves are enslaved, Harry," Nessa spat with disgust. "Anytime they step out of line they're asked to punish themselves or suffer beatings from their masters." She'd only read a little about house-elves that day, but she'd learned enough to be disgusted by their treatment. In some ways, she couldn't believe how accepting the Wizarding World could be, and how they could be so barbaric and oppressive in others. "Dobby had to punish himself, sir," agreed the elf, who had gone slightly cross-eyed. "Dobby almost spoke ill of his family, sir…" "Your family?" "The wizard family Dobby serves, sir… Dobby is a house-elf — bound to serve one house and one family forever…" "Do they know you're here?" asked Harry curiously. Dobby shuddered. "Oh, no, sir, no… Dobby will have to punish himself most grievously for coming to see you, sir. Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this. If they ever knew, sir —" "But won't they notice if you shut your ears in the oven door?" "Dobby doubts it, sir. Dobby is always having to punish himself for something, sir. They lets Dobby get on with it, sir. Sometimes they reminds me to do extra punishments…" Nessa tried to not look at him with pity. Of all of the things that Dobby must want and wish for daily, she doubted it was her pity. "But why don't you leave? Escape?" "A house-elf must be set free, sir. And the family will never set Dobby free… Dobby will serve the family until he dies, sir…" Harry stared. "And I thought I had it bad staying here for another four weeks," he said. "This makes the Dursleys sound almost human. Can't anyone help you? Can't I?" Almost at once, Harry wished he hadn't spoken. Dobby dissolved again into wails of gratitude. "Please," Harry whispered frantically, "please be quiet. If the Dursleys hear anything, if they know you're here —" Nessa tried to soothe the elf as calmly as possibly, despite her own panic that the Dursleys would hear him wailing and forbid them from ever seeing the daylight again. "Harry Potter asks if he can help Dobby… Dobby has heard of your greatness, sir, but of your goodness, Dobby never knew…" Harry, who was feeling distinctly hot in the face, said, "Whatever you've heard about my greatness is a load of rubbish. I'm not even top of my year at Hogwarts; that's Hermione, she —" But he stopped quickly, because thinking about Hermione was painful. Nessa tried not to pity him too. "Harry Potter is humble and modest," said Dobby reverently, his orb-like eyes aglow. "Harry Potter speaks not of his triumph over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named —" "Voldemort?" said Harry. Dobby clapped his hands over his bat ears and moaned, "Ah, speak not the name, sir! Speak not the name!" "Sorry," said Harry quickly. "I know lots of people don't like it. My friend Ron —" He stopped again. Thinking about Ron was painful, too. Dobby leaned toward Harry, his eyes wide as headlights. "Dobby heard tell," he said hoarsely, "that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago… that Harry Potter escaped yet again." Nessa tried not to be annoyed with Dobby's high praise and open curiosity of Harry. As modest as her brother was, she had a hard enough time trying to keep Harry in line without other people showering him with compliments. Harry nodded and Dobby's eyes suddenly shone with tears. "Ah, sir," he gasped, dabbing his face with a corner of the grubby pillowcase he was wearing. "Harry Potter is valiant and bold! He has braved so many dangers already! But Dobby has come to protect Harry Potter, to warn him, even if he does have to shut his ears in the oven door later… Harry Potter must not go back to Hogwarts." Nessa stared out into the night sky, looking out at the stars three days after their encounter with Dobby. Well, looking out at the stars to the best of her ability with the bars that impeded on her ability to see much at all. She could hear Harry snoring loudly on the floor behind her, but her insomnia seemed too strong to pass tonight. She sighed, curling her legs up into her chest and resting her forehead on the cool window. In hindsight, she really should have been faster in grabbing Harry when he'd raced downstairs after Dobby in an attempt to snatch his stolen letters. Really, it would have just been easier for Harry to lie and say that he wouldn't return to Hogwarts in order to get his letters and rid himself of Dobby's pestering. Her brother, though dishonest when it was necessary to tell the truth, also had a tendency to be honest when it was best to lie. Upon the disastrous end of Uncle Vernon's dinner party and subsequent loss of a promotion, the Dursleys had placed bars on their windows, a deadbolt on their door, and a cat flap to pass one bowl of cold vegetable soup through for both her and her brother to share. It had been three days since Nessa had eaten a decent meal and holding her bladder until they let the pair of them out twice a day was beginning to irritate her to an end she'd never reached before. She'd never quite been more excited to return to Hogwarts. And like an answered prayer, she was startled awake moments later by none other than Ron Weasley and his mischievous twin brothers. So, there we have it. The first chapter. I'm not sure when I'll be able to update again, but the next update will feature our favorite twins and we'll get to meet Tori! Thanks for reading!