before she continued. "Then one day I'm magically here at the creek and I knew I'd see you again soon. I knew what you'd done for Harry. And I was so ready to just talk. There was so much I wanted to say. You probably won't believe me but I've thought a lot over the years about what seeing you again would be like." Pausing, Lily smiled tightly at him before wincing. "Didn't happen quite the way I imagined." It never did with them. It never would. The realization sank heavily into his bones. All those years, when Harry was being difficult, he'd lie in his bed and stare at the ceiling imagining this moment. He dreamt of what it would be like if none of the bad things had ever happened. They'd be back to how they were before things got so twisted. But, as it turned out, he had started forgetting long before his death. They had always sniped and bickered and poked at each other until the one of them went crazy. They'd always seesawed back and forth between affection and exasperation. He'd always disappointed her, and she'd never tried to understand his point of view. She had just realized it before he had. "Do you remember that summer before first year?" Lily scrunched her nose. "Vaguely. Why?" "The day before we came to Hogwarts, we sat here. You asked me if I was nervous about what school would be like." "Yeah. You said everyone would remember us." He chuckled darkly. "After that. You wanted to play tag but the sun had already started setting. If I could, I'd go back to that moment and I would do everything differently." "How so?" "For starters, I'd have let you go." When Lily started blinking rapidly, Snape licked his lips. His cheeks were warm and a small part of him wished the earth would crack open beneath him and swallow him whole. "It was all different after third year. If I'd been… better I'd have let you go instead of…" He waved his hand, as if he could summon the perfect blend of words that would express what he meant while preserving his dignity. "Instead of hoping you'd see me as anything more than your friend. And resenting you when you didn't. " The words hung between them, heavy and thick like the air just before a thunderstorm. He'd always suspected she'd known. Every time their conversations skirted too close, every time he worked up the nerve to hint, she'd always steered the conversation back to something safe. And as they grew older, she stopped whispering in his ear or looping her arm through his. Worse yet, he wasn't blind and she was a terrible actress. Her eyes started lingering on James Potter, following him whenever he left the room. And while Snape had always looked back when they said goodnight, Lily had never once done the same. But to finally say it. Snape breathed in the sweet smell of summer grass. It didn't help the dull ache in his chest, but when he finally exhaled, his entire body sagged with relief. "Oh, Sev." Lily's eyes were shut, her lips pursed in a half grimace."I—" "You don't have to say anything. It's fine." To his surprise, it actually was. For the first time in years, he could see her for who she was and not who he wished she'd be. The ache in his chest, his constant companion since the day he first laid eyes on her, ebbed. He doubted it would ever go away completely. Even when he couldn't remember her, the echo of it had still been there. "I forgive you. For that day." "You shouldn't. I don't deserve it." "Maybe not. But I forgive you anyway." And for the first time since the summer before Fifth Year, they sat together in comfortable silence. It was like rereading an old book for the hundredth time; he knew every sentence, every twist and turn of phrase. He knew how this story ended, had always known how this story ended. But for once, he didn't resent his part. "You know," he said, voice trembling. "It's not too late." Lily's head tilted to the side, her brow furrowed. "What are you talking about?" Brushing off the grass from his knees, Snape stood with a new lightness in his limbs. There was no troublesome ache in his neck. His bones did not creak. His back did not ache. The air was sweet with the scent of asphodel and wormwood, and when he looked at his hands, they were smooth. No calluses from years of writing, no scars from broken glass. Most importantly, there was no Dark Mark on his left forearm. He glanced back at Lily and his heart leapt. She looked just as she had before a scarlet train took them to a magic castle in Scotland. Before she was a beautiful woman, back when she was a gangly girl with knobby knees and grass in her long auburn hair. It was the Lily Evans that only he knew—the Lily he loved best. Leaning over, he lightly tapped her arm. "Tag," he said. "You're it." Snape didn't bother looking back as he shot across the field, his feet splashing through the creek as he darted toward home. He'd never been the fastest runner. Besides, he had full faith she would catch him before long. Behind him, he heard Lily's indignant shriek and he pushed his legs to run faster. He didn't know if he'd ever see her again. Perhaps, he was the last person she needed to see before she left for shores unknown. As for him, he had a nagging feeling he wasn't done just yet. But this moment? This he could take with him. A smile spread across his lips as he felt her grab a fistful of his shirt. Laughing, they tumbled down the hill. This was something they could share, if only for a little while.