Rodolphus, but I've heard he's as insane as his wife…" "Not really, Rodolphus is quite a nice person if you get to know him. I agree with you on Bellatrix though… she's horrible to have around. But if you can put up with me , surely you can put up with them ." "But you're different." His breath stopped when Voldemort laughed softly and kissed his temple. He wondered if it was a good moment to faint. After a quick debate with himself though, he decided he could enjoy all this a lot more if he was awake. His mind wouldn't shut up however, contemplating about what it had meant. He had kissed Hermione on her cheek when he was really happy and wanted to thank her, and once even Ron, when he was really enthusiastic because his best friend had risked detention with Snape by getting in a debate with the git about how unfair he was acting towards Harry. And then there was that time when they had won a Quidditch match because of him. This however, seemed different from a friendly kiss...or was that just because he hoped it was? Why the hell did he even hope it was? Argh! He was becoming mad, for sure now. The man walked up the stairs to the second floor. After a few more corridors, he put Harry down –damn-, and opened a door. The interior was really nice, mainly consisting of wine red and wood colours. Harry watched one particular wall in fascination. There were branches with some sort of blossom painted on it. The leaves and flowers rustled in an invisible wind while little birds flew silently through the branches, and their beaks moved as if they were singing, though no sound was produced. "It's beautiful." he said in awe. "This will be your room for the time being. I am glad it is to your liking. I will leave now so you can clean yourself up and change clothing." Harry looked down and came to the embarrassing conclusion he still wore nothing but his pajama trousers. "When you are done, come to me. We need to talk about what to do now." "Uhm… can that wait till tomorrow? I'm kind of tired still." Harry mumbled as he tried not to sway on his feet. "Of course." Voldemort said, and gently smiled at him again. He wrapped his arms around the boy and kissed him on his head. Harry swallowed, gathering up courage, and before the man could pull away, kissed him on his cheek. Voldemort looked at him in surprise and stroked his face. "Goodnight Harry." "G'night." the teen mumbled, trying to calm down both his breathing and the harsh beats of his heart –failing horribly-. In the end, he just dropped himself on the bed and snuggled under the soft, smooth sheets and blanket, soon falling asleep because of the peaceful atmosphere in the room. XXx Voldemort paced his rooms, unsure of what to do, which was a very unusual experience for him. He had never needed to deal with something like this. With... with feelings. When he had first snuck into Harry's room, he had had his wand at the ready. Just two whispered words and Potter would have been done for. And then he had come closer, and his determination had faltered before disappearing into nothingness when staring at the face of the sleeping boy. Now he knew Harry hadn't been asleep at all, but still. He had looked so... he didn't even have words for it. Not peaceful, not at all. He had noticed the sheets which had been clutched in Harry's fists, and the slow, but uneven breathing. Not beautiful either with his underfed body, though the teen was rather handsome now he had healed him and added a few nutrition spells. And still... he had had something untouchable that night and every night after that. He could not find it within himself to harm the raven-haired teenager. He sat down on his bed and put his head in his hands, wondering what he should do about this. He had been shocked when Harry had told him he had been awake, and even more so because the boy hadn't done anything about it. Even seemed to like it... an involuntarily shiver ran down his spine, and he got that strange, longing feeling back. He needed the boy. He didn't know why , but suddenly, he couldn't imagine a world without Harry Potter. Preferably safe in his house, in his arms, in his... Circe, I can't think about that! He groaned mentally in desperation when realising where his thoughts had been going. But that thought certainly brought things into perspective. His odd behavior these last weeks for example. His strange fascination with Harry and the dreading feeling that had developed over the weeks, the anticipation which rushed through him every evening, impatiently waiting until it was safe for him to visit Harry, and also the sensations that went through him when he was able to touch that skin, as if he was touching something sacred. One evening, he had been so lost in, so drowned in his feelings that he had stayed until early morning, and still found it hard to let go. There was no denying it. He was addicted to Harry and cared for his wellbeing, although he had absolutely no clue at all as to why he suddenly saw him differently. It was strange. He had also felt something like this when facing Harry, directly after his resurrection. Not the same, but still an intense feeling. He had assumed it had been hate then, but he knew he had been so wrong about that. What was that saying again? A fine line between love and hate? By Salazar... He needed to speak to Harry. It would have to wait until morning though, pitifully. He wondered if he would be getting any sleep at all tonight. Read and Review! Xx GeMerope.