and George had began waiting for the one, the one who would take them both, at the age of sixteen, not yet knowing how much she needed them. They came to a hurried stop in front of her, their witch, and bowed deeply. It was only when they finished their respectful, near reverent bows, did the notice their mystery witch was on the arm of Master Theon Black. Master Theon Black, the son of their mentor, Lord Sirius Black. "Master Black, it is good to see you again." Fred spoke questioningly, confused as to why his future bonded was on the arm of his mentor's youngest son. Theon smirked in the self assured way he inherited from his father, "Messrs Weasley." he nodded his head, "It is my utmost pleasure to introduce you to my cousin, Madame Luciana Malfoy." The beauty took her arm off her cousin's and curtsied deeply. "It is an honor to meet you, my lords." she spoke softly, smiling nervously. Her magic was singing, rejoicing at finally meeting its destined matches. Her eyes sparkled, emotion breaking through the mask she kept so carefully controlled. Both Fred and George were momentarily taken aback- they had never even considered that their bonded lady would be a Malfoy, a daughter of their family's bitterest enemy. Each wizard felt his magic though, rejoicing at meeting its mate, and the overarching feeling of rightness, and threw all caution to the wind. They had been raised with, and until this very moment held, a dislike of all things Malfoy. Even at school, the Heir Malfoy had been a right terror, and his sister just as bad. Their youngest sibling though, made all those ideas and feelings irrelevant. She didn't have the traditional Malfoy look; Madame Luciana Malfoy was smaller of stature, had the dark hair of the Black family, sharp facial features, and a figure that hinted at future curves. She wasn't beautiful in the conventional way, but Fred and George loved unconventional. "The honor is entirely ours, Most Fair Lady." Fred said quickly, wanting to continue the conversation in any way possible. Madame Malfoy, for he and George were going to do this the right way, as she deserved every courtesy in the world, turned to her cousin, "Do you mind escorting me on a walk with the Messrs Weasley, Cousin?" she smiled sweetly "It would be an honor," Master Black replied, "a pub is not the proper place to acquaint oneself with new associates. Would a walk down High Street do?" George felt a sense of relief sink into his soul; The Three Broomsticks was frequented by nearly everyone, whereas on High Street they could easily blend into the crowd. Neither he and his twin, nor their intended and her cousin wanted word getting to either the Malfoy of Weasley Paterfamilias; something that was bound to happen if they stayed in the crowded pub. (When looking back on the day, years into the future, neither twin, nor their bonded lady, could remember what they discussed as the strolled down Hogsmeade's high street. One memory though, would be remembered clearly, vividly, for the rest of their days. ) Madame Malfoy had just laughed at something George had said; he and Fred and immediately fallen in love with the sound of it. They had past the last shop on the row, just entering the more residential side of Hogsmeade. Madame Malfoy dropped her hand from Master Black's arm and grabbed Fred and George by the hands, pulling them into a side alley. "I want to kiss you, both of you," she said boldly, an indescribable look filling her eyes. George, and his twin, were both speechless. Their lady wanted to honor them with her Maiden's Kiss, so soon? They would hate to deny her. After seeing their surprised, nodded assent, she put one hand on Fred's shoulder, and the others on George's. Standing on her tiptoes while her cousin was intently watching a caterpillar climb across a leaf, Madame Malfoy kissed George, then Fred, chastely on the lips. In terms of first kisses, it wasn't all that skillful, but filled with passion nonetheless. All three sighed a content sigh as two tiny slivers of distinctly feminine magic medled with the two, nearly identical, but still distinct, magical cores of the twins. "There," Madame Malfoy sighed happily, sounding content for the first time in a very long time, "now nothing can tear us apart, not when you both have my Maiden's Kiss." Fred and George looked shocked, their lady feared of others trying to break their bond, "My Lady," George asked, "why such fear?" he only met her half an hour ago, but the love George felt for this beautiful witch would last an eternity, and the thought of being apart from her was unimaginable. "I'm a Matchmaker." she admitted, voice so soft the twins were nearly sure that they heard her wrong Fred looked solemn, "We've waited for you, Most Fair Lady," he said seriously, passionately, "so very long. Merlin himself wouldn't be able to break our bond." Her sacred ability only made her that much more unique, something more to love. Every fight for her protection would be worth it's weight in gold "You have our vow." George stated, wanting to bring her into his arms and never let go, "You will be loved, cherished, protected, everything you could ever imagine, for the rest of your days." Madame Luciana Malfoy cried tears of joy. There were many things she didn't know; how her family would react, what society would think, how they were going to make a triad courtship and bonding work, how her gift would change now that she had a bond of her own. One thing though, she knew for sure; she had two brave, honourable wizards who loved her dearly, and would fight Merlin himself to stay by her side. She only hoped to one day find the words to tell them how much she loved them both.