she's the bees' knees." Georgette shrugged, closer with Magda Urquart than the rest of them, "But she doesn't think that much of them. She's another one looking for the rose petals and candles experience." Rose recognized another dig at Tessie, and she didn't want her hair pulled again, "You don't think someone should have their first time with someone they love?" Georgette snorted, "Sure, if you're into it. But it's just rubbish. You tie all this lovey nonsense to it, and then get all depressed when the 'guy you love' turns out to be another moron. Nothing wrong with 'love', but sex and love ought to be separate, in my experience. In fact, the best emotion to tie to sex is hate. Rough, nasty, angry. And I bet Scorpius—" "Please stop," groaned Rose. "Rose has 'issues' with Scorpius." Tessie explained, "Even if you have to admit, he is cute—" "Stop!" "He's so tall…I bet other parts of him—" Georgette continued, and Rose was ready to bolt from the room. "But he only seems to date pureblood girls." Tessie pointed out, "I mean, have you ever seen him with a half-blood? Or a Muggle-born girl? He's just been all about Parkinson, Macmillan…" "He dated that Nott girl too," Georgette chimed in, "and Alexandra Flint." "What else would you expect from a pureblood snob?" Rose spat, "His family has generations of inbreeding to maintain." She felt Georgette and Tessie meet eyes over her head—sharing a look—which didn't ease Rose's mood. Their conversation was momentarily paused as Magda arrived home, flinging her bag onto the floor and kicking off her shoes—they flew half-way across the room. When Rose had met Magda, she'd been sure the girl had a little elf-ancestry. At barely five feet, her small features and huge cerulean eyes gave her a distinctly pixie look, only exaggeration by the short crop in which she cut her blonde hair. But for her petite stature, it was made up for her general loudness of character, the way her voice carried, and the large and dramatic fashion in which she undertook all things, no matter now mundane—like the simple act of removing her shoes, "Uh-oh." Magda tutted, recognising the look on Rose's face, "Who made Rose angry?" "We were discussing a certain blonde Slytherin." Georgette explained in a bored tone. "That's a taboo topic in this dorm." Magda said in such a serious tone that they knew she was teasing. "For good reason, too." Rose spoke up, embarrassed by her embarrassment, "You know he's horrid. From day dot he decided he hated me, and for—" "No reason, yeah, yeah. We know." Georgette cut her off, waving a hand dismissively, "He's teased you, harassed you, always rivalled you in class. But you know what they say about boys pulling a girl's pigtails in the playground. It's—" "A sexist mode of getting women to tolerate harassment from men?" Rose cut back in hotly, invitation for argument in her tone. Eyebrows rose, and everyone avoided her gaze. "Luckily, I suppose," Magda said lightly, "you know how to give back as much as you get. That boy has been walloped by you more in the last six years than he has in his entire, privileged life." "And you usually kick his ass on the pitch, too." Georgette pointed out. "Let's stop talking about the bastard." Tessie rounded up quickly, and Rose felt a rush of gratitude for the girls in the room. They would, at the end of the day, have her back. Tessie finished off the final braid, and Rose ran her fingers along the ends. "On such topics as hair," Magda said quickly, "Your dye arrived today at breakfast, Tessie. We're just touching up the roots, yeah?" Tessie nodded excitedly, jumping from Rose's bed and pulling a chair to the centre of the room. "I don't understand," Georgette asked from her bed, as Magda transfigured a blanket to a towel, and set it around Tessie's shoulders, "why don't you just charm it blue? You charm it brown for your parents anyway, right?" "It doesn't feel real if it's charmed. I prefer dyeing it." Tessie shrugged. Magda was now mixing two pastes in a plastic bowl. The smell was horribly chemical, and Rose scrambled for her wand to cast an air-freshening charm. "That doesn't make sense." Georgette wouldn't drop it. "It's just… a Muggle thing, I guess." Tessie blushed at the almost discussion around her status as a Muggle-born. Many purebloods—like McLaggen—thought Muggle processes were primitive and pointless. Rose could tell Georgette and Magda didn't understand it—but Rose knew what Tessie was getting at. Hermione Granger had always taken care to introduce Rose and Hugo to the Muggle world, which was such a huge part of her identity. And when magic was so every-day, there was a special novelty to a process without it. Rose particularly liked making cups of tea in the Muggle way, especially late at night when she couldn't sleep. She'd fill the kettle, placing it back on the element and lighting the gas with a match. She'd pick out her teabag as the kettle boiled—sometimes herbal, sometimes Earl Gray or English Breakfast—and steep the bag for a few minutes before adding a dash of milk and half a teaspoon of sugar. The Weasley-Granger household was one of the only magical homes still hooked up to the Muggle electrical grid, possible through a spell of her mother's own invention. "It's more of a 'fuck you' to the Man, anyway." Tessie tacked on, earning a scoff from Georgette. "I'm eager to meet this 'man', you're always on about." She replied. "It's a metaphor, genius." Tessie spat, turning to glare at her dormmate, "and if he was real, you'd have shagged him already." "Jealous?" Georgette quipped, and Rose sighed. Another argument between Georgette and Tessie—all must be right in the world. "Stop wriggling." Magda insisted, "or I'll get this dye all over your ears, and I won't wipe it off!" This ended the argument fairly quickly.