instead of the artificial straight locks she usually wore. "I'm so sorry honey, I didn't know." Mrs. Castlewood sat on her daughter's bed and hugged her with all her might. "Why don't you talk to me, Eleanor?" "Because you don't understand, mum. I'm a witch, I get into fistfights, stupid duels in the halls, detention, I've got the best marks in my year…. I'm everything I'm ever going to be and it's never enough for you to pay attention and actually look at me for the person I truly am, and it sucks! I hate it, so I'm not going to that stupid party." "Eleanor… How can you say that?" "It's true mum… No one pays attention to me… Seven years I've been in that school and no one even knows my hair is bushy and not straight! Because bushy is imperfect and no one needs to see past my perfect little image!" Eleanor sobbed into her mother's arms, tears she had not allowed herself to release for many, many years. "Eleanor, I love you with all my heart, and so does your father, sure.y you must know. We never meant to hurt you." "Oh like when James came over that day?" "Darling, I…" "Don't darling me, mum… It's true and you know it." mrs. Castlewood was speechless. "Go away so I can get ready." "James, I know you're of age, but no magic tonight. This is an important Muggle reception, and Aunt Hermione really needs to settle this agreement with their Prime Minister." "I know, dad." James muttered, staring out the window at the rain. It was one of those strange winters where the snow seemingly never came. Instead, it rained constantly, cold and heavy rain that soaked you to the bones. "What's up with you, James?" Albus asked. "Isn't this the perfect opinion to meet some fancy Muggle girls?" "Shut up, Al." "No need to be rude, James." Ginny told her son. "Though what's wrong with you? You've been unusually gloomy since you got back from Hogwarts." "Ellie's boyfriend cheated on her and James knew but he didn't tell her. So she's pissed at him and his heart is broken." Lily replied smugly. "How do you know that?" James spat angrily. "I might have been in your Common Room at that moment…" "What?" Albus choked. "It was a dare from Hugo. I'm sorry I overheard that argument though. It was funny to see you struggle. She hit you pretty nicely." James winced, feeling the bruises on his ribs and shin. "Yes, well, she'll never forgive me now, and I'll fail Potions and suck at life." "Is Potions really all you need her for?" Ginny asked knowingly. "No… I need her for everything, mum, absolutely everything." Lily and Albus looked at each other uncomfortably. This was way worse than a simple crush they all knew had been there from that very first punch. It was love… He should have known she would be there. A Muggle government hosted party, of course her father would be invited, and she would accompany him and her mother dressed in the most beautiful black dress ever seen, her hair elegantly tied in a most beautiful bun, and her eyes broken and sad. He stared at her all through dinner, aware that she had not spotted him yet. He saw how she nibbled at her food without actually eating anything, how she laughed at the jokes without actually finding funny or amusing because he knew that when she was really laughing, her shoulders would shake and her hair would bounce off of them lightly. He knew her so well and he knew he should have told her but he was scared that exactly what was happening would happen. He was so stupid. Completely and hopelessly stupid. "Albus? Rose? He heard her say when she ran into his brother and cousin. "What are you doing here?" "Mum and Uncle Harry were invited, so we tagged along." Rose replied brightly. "Nice. Is James here too, then?" Albus examined her thoughtfully before replying. "Right over there, by the tables." "Thanks, Albus. Have fun." "You too." She walked over to him, stopping from time to time to greet either an old man, or a young one who would try to make the conversation longer than it needed to be. She would shake them off quickly, though, and keep walking towards him rather resolutely. She punched him. BAM. Straight in the face. "Apologize." "I'm so sorry, Ellie, you have no idea. I never meant to hurt you, I swear." "I know, I'm not mad at you. I mean I am but no more than usual. It's Peter I'm mad at and I took it all out on you." "I deserved it." "Yeah, you're a pretty arrogant douche… Oh crap, let's get away!" She pulled him by the sleeve of his tuxedo. "What is it?" "Ugh, this dude I hate is coming out way. Move!" They pushed a door and fiund themselves outside in the rain. "Brilliant." "What did he do to you?" "Huh?" "The guy we were running from." "Oh he's a pompous and arrogant douche. I detest him." "Didn't you just call me that?" "You don't flirt with me all the time, do you?" "Don't think so…" James blessed the darkness for hiding his blush "Changes everything." They hid outside for a while, catching up on the excruciatingly long week during which they had barely spoken to each other, and eventually headed back inside. Eleanor's bun was destroyed, and so when she cast a drying spell on herself, her hair curled back up into its bushy unkemptness. "Crap." "So you do have curly hair." James said, reaching to touch her bouncy curls. "I knew it." "You did?" "Duh. I know you better than anyone." BAM. She kissed him, in front of all those politicians and her parents and his parents and the Prime Minister and the Minister of Magic and what did it matter anyways? It was love.