has nothing on a thousand-year-old, seventy-foot basilisk. 'Tonks' decides to burst in asking "What the bloody hell is going on?" I turn to her indignantly, never taking my focus or wand off Moody, and sputter "He tried to kill me last year!" I gesture with my free hand in rage with my free hand as much as I can without disturbing Hedwig. Hedwig discreetly nips my ear in affection and folds her wings in. She then turn to this 'Tonks' character and clacks her beak in agreement. (Unknown to me the rest of the group had just relaxed exponentially as I went from glowing, pissed-off slayer of dark lords with murderous familiar to angry teenage boy with motherly post owl.) Remus sighed and dragged his hand down his scarred face. Moody relaxes, causing me to whip towards him at the movement (scary teenager's back) as he releases a barking laugh. I scowl until he laughs out "that wasn't me, boy. Remember, death eater scum disguised as me. Don't call me professor either, never did get around to teaching." My wand arm goes limp and I flush Weasley red (cranky fifteen year old it is.) I stutter out an apology "sorry, I forgot. He looked just like you for a year and I just saw you standing there,and I reacted without thinking, I'm so sorry I didn't mean to threaten you, well i did, but not you you…" "Breath Harry" Remus chuckled, softly and slowly laying a hand on my owl free shoulder. The crazy haired woman giggled a little then froze as she moved on of the broken shards of vase. At that Remus backed up, folding his arms over his chest, and raised an eyebrow at her. She blushed again (hair bubblegum pink now, what) and stammered out "terribly sorry about that. I'm a bit of a clutz and break things all the time. I can pay for that." I look at her, then the vase, then her again. Clumsy, aye? I smirk evilly and nonchalantly say "no problem! Hey, how would you like a tour of the house the boy-who-lived grew up in? It's not a museum so feel free to touch anything you want." 'Tonks' blinks at me in shock as Remus, Moody and the tall black man break out into laughter. The rest of the group shuffles a bit also laughing or smiling. Hedwig ruffles her feathers in amusement and gives me another light squeeze. I fully lower my wand and make to stuff it in the back of my trousers. "Don't put your wand there boy, you'll blow your arse of!" The not-imposter Moody barks at me, causing me to jump. 'Tonks' snorts and drawls "who do you know who's blown their arse off?" Moody glowers at her and snaps "never you mind rookie, it's just wand safety is an important thing, not that anyone ever learns.." He trailed off and I realize I have no idea who these people are. "As fun as this has been, I still have no idea who you lot are or why you're here. I think introductions are in order. I'm Harry Potter. Not that the whole bloody world doesn't seem to know that" I drone out in curiosity, while muttering towards the end. Remus flinches and replies "Where are our manners! Well you already know Moody and I, but next to me is Kingsley Shacklebolt-" Remus gestured to the large black man next to him who bowed a bit in greeting. "Next we have Nymphadora-" " Do not call me Nymphadora . It's Tonks. T-O-N-K-S, Tonks. Remember that." The young witch with now firetruck red hair shouted. "Alright then, next we have Tonks. T-O-N-K-S. Tonks-" Tonks glared holes into the back of Remus's head while Kingsley Shacklebolt chuckled. "And then we have Elphias Doge, Dedalus Diggle, Emmeline Vance, Sturgis Podmore and Hestia Jones." Remus continued gesturing to each member of the group respectively. "Alright, enough with this greeting rubbish. We're off schedule already. Time to bring Potter to headquarters." Moody growled preventing Remus from saying anything else. As if this was the signal the group needed they began going through the house collecting my things. Remus stayed behind and stared at me, anticipating some questions. Never one to disappoint, I asked "What and where is this 'headquarters' and what's it for?" Remus smile and replied "while I can't answer the first question I can tell you we're taking you to the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix. A group dedicated to fighting You-Know-Who and is currently comprised of everyone who believes he's back." Well that certainly made me feel a bit better. So I'm not crazy. Thank Godric's fuzzy socks. I relax a bit and Hedwig starts to groom my hair. I would fight Mouldy Shorts alone, there was just something about the dark tosser that rubbed me wrong way (could be him trying to kill me, could be his boring speeches of vengeance, can't really tell), but it was nice to not have too. I already resigned myself to being the only one useful in the conflict, not that I wanted that. I was fifteen years old! I had to face reality though. No matter what help I got it would always be me and him in the end. Having people to help and support me would be great. All my stuff was gathered and we began our journey. A quick hop, skip, and harrowing flight through london later I was standing in front of… absolutely nothing. Brilliant. Just as I was about to lose my mind at the lack of information a piece of paper was shoved into my hand. I quickly scanned the contents and the most sinister and mean looking building I had ever seen just popped into view. I'm not entirely sure how a building of all things managed to look mean, but boy did it do so with malevolent style. I sighed and prepared myself for the rest of the summer.