wanted to be a professional chef. She told him about her job at the BBC, and her aspirations to move up in drama development, and about her cruel, overbearing sister. He made her laugh, loudly and often. They shared stories about Remus and shamelessly abused him for neglecting to introduce them before. Eventually, she grew used to seeing James Potter's handsome, cheerful brown face every night before she went to bed, and after a month, she could admit to herself that she missed him, on the rare evenings that Algernon didn't indulge in a bout of thievery. So when his wallet turned up in her flat for a third time, one Saturday night six weeks after she and Mary had moved in, Lily decided to just go with it. "I thought we could change things up a little," she said to James when he opened his door, and held up a plastic carrier bag. "Can I come in?" "Er.. yeah, definitely," said James, and stepped back to let her in. "What's that you've got there?" "I come bearing gifts," she said, then cocked her head to the side. "Are you listening to Ed Sheeran?" "Yeah," he said, and ran a hand through his hair. "Sirius hates him, but he's out at an exhibition of depressing Russian literature with some girl, so…" "This is much better than Bublé." She held out the bag and he took it from her outstretched fingers, skin brushing against skin. She felt quite warm. "Here you go." "What's this?" James rummaged in the bag. "A bottle of wine and… " "Surprise!" Lily trilled, as James unwrapped the bacon sandwich. "I felt so guilty about eating yours all those weeks ago, and since Algernon refuses to fetch them for you, I thought I'd make one." James gazed reverently at the treat she had brought him. "You," he said. "Are the greatest woman who ever lived." "Are you talking to me, or the sandwich?" "A bit of both, to be honest." He raised his eyes to hers and grinned widely. "Follow me, I'll get us glasses." Lily did as he bade her and followed him into the kitchen, where he set the sandwich and the wine down on the counter, and rummaged in one of the cupboards. "Where's Mary tonight?" he asked, wine glasses in hand. "Out on a date." "Not with Sirius, I hope." "God, no!" Lily made a face. "He's not her type, and she's had a boyfriend for years." "That's nice. For her, I mean." He set the glasses down next to the bottle. "And, er… what about you?" His jet-black hair looked especially wild today, as if he'd stuck a fork in a socket before he opened the door. "Oh," she said, and blushed. "No. No – which is a good thing, because if I did have a boyfriend, I wouldn't be able to bring you bacon sandwiches on a Saturday night, would I?" "You'd rather be with me on a Saturday night – feeding me bacon sandwiches – than out on a nice date with someone who doesn't have a mad, kleptomaniac cat?" "Yeah, but would they have that great hair? Besides," she added, with an exaggerated sigh. "That mad kleptomaniac has run away with my heart." "And my boxers." She laughed. " They were a treat to wake up to." "Thanks for returning them freshly washed, by the way." At some point, she and James had moved closer to one another, now merely a foot apart, and she suddenly became aware of it, and of something else in the air – something she'd heard talk about, and rolled her eyes at, because it was such a cliché and clichés were stupid, and yet here she was, feeling it anyway. "So," she said, looking anywhere but at him. "So," he said. "What do you want to do? I mean, aside from getting drunk off Mary's favourite wine." Mary would definitely, definitely kill her for taking that wine, but some sacrifices were worth making. He shrugged. "We could watch a film?" "Yes, we could. Do you have Netflix? I – Mary has Netflix, but I know her login details, so if you don't have it I can – oh!" She hadn't seen Algernon enter the room, but suddenly he was behind her, and pushing hard against the back of her legs. She tried to move away without accidentally trampling on his tail, stumbled forwards and ended up… … right in James Potter's arms, of course. "You know what?" said Lily. "I've just realised something." "Hmm?" said James, pressing a warm, sleepy kiss to her bare shoulder. "That I'm the greatest boyfriend ever?" She snorted. "No." "I can let go any time I want." "Don't you dare," she warned. "I meant – of course you're the greatest boyfriend ever –" He kissed her shoulder twice more. "—but I was actually talking about Algernon." "Yeah?" James raised himself up on one elbow so that he was leaning over her in the bed, one arm still wrapped securely around her waist. She twisted onto her back and blinked up at him, face flushed, hair a mess, perfectly beautiful anyway. "What about him?" "It's just," she began, frowning. "Has he stolen anything from you since we started dating?" He rubbed his eyes beneath his glasses. "Er.. no, I don't think so. The last time was months ago, that night you—" "Brought over that sandwich," Lily finished. They both looked at Algernon, who was sitting on Lily's dresser, one paw casually toying with the Christmas lights she had hung around her mirror. He turned his head to regard them coolly with his all-knowing eyes, then flicked his tail once as if to say, took you long enough , which - after preventing James from throwing the stink bomb, buttering Lily up and pushing them together at every possibly opportunity - any reasonable person was bound to agree with. "James," Lily whispered. "Yeah?" "I think our cat is shipping us."