lap and stays there for the duration of their drive, purring happily when she scratches his head. "Algernon likes you," says Sirius, and nudges James in the ribs. "What do you think of that, Prongs?" "Algernon has manners," he loftily replies. "Unlike you." Things don't improve once they get home. James barely says a word through dinner, and when he does speak, it's always to his parents or Sirius, and never to her. He watches her a lot, though. Since she's watching him - she can't seem to keep her eyes off him for an extended period of time, which is very bothersome - it's not difficult to miss. By the time they start on pudding, she's convinced that he's offended by her presence. She goes to her room that night feeling a little disappointed, and annoyed with herself for being disappointed in the first place. She reads a little of her Potions textbook and goes to the bathroom before bed, finds it locked and waits outside until its occupant comes out. After a couple of minutes, James emerges, holding Algernon, and with a fleck of toothpaste on his lower lip. He drops Algernon when he catches sight of her - the cat lands gracefully on his front paws and scurries away - and hurriedly wipes his mouth. "Hi." "Hey," she says, and hugs her arms to her chest. "I was just in the bathroom." "Er, yeah," she agrees, and part of her really wants to laugh, but she holds it in. "I've just seen you come out of there." "Right," he says. He runs a hand through his hair, which doesn't seem to know which direction it wants to travel in. "Well, er... goodnight, then." He side-steps around her and makes for his bedroom, which is next to hers, and Lily should really let him go and forget about it, but she doesn't want to be at odds with him, not when his parents mean so much to her. She clears her throat and spins on her heel, facing his retreating back. "James?" He stops, and turns back around. "Yeah?" "Look, I'm really sorry if you - I sort of get the impression that you're not exactly happy to have me here," she begins, wringing her hands. "And I understand, really, your parents are amazing, and I'm just some strange, random girl who's turned up in your-" "No!" he yelps, his voice rising half an octave, and suddenly his face is the colour of merlot. He moves as if he's preparing to step towards her, but thinks better of it, and bounces unsteadily on the balls of his feet. "Shit, no, no, definitely not. I'm such a - I'm not unhappy at all , promise, and I'm so sorry if I made you feel that way." "Oh," she says. There's a long, awkward silence. "Then..." "You're not going to leave, are you?" She's taken aback by this line of questioning. "Pardon?" "Only that'd be awful," he says, looking at her feet. "For Mum. She really likes you, and I'm not - honestly, you should ignore most of what I say and do, because I'm a prat, and I make absolutely no sense most of the time." "Really?" She raises an eyebrow. "From the way your mum talks, you're some kind of genius." "My genius is specific to, y'know, schoolwork," he says. He still can't look at her. "And plotting. Mostly plotting, with a bit of schoolwork thrown in. What else did she say about me?" "That you're perfect, in a nutshell. You know, child prodigy, handsomest boy on earth, that sort of thing." "Right," he says, and expels a breath. "Good to know she's got a healthy amount of scepticism. I wouldn't want to get a big head." She laughs at that. "You're funny." "Thanks," he says, blushing again. "And you're, er, lovely. You seem lovely." He looks up, his eyes focused on a point near her ear. "I'm really sorry if I made you think otherwise." "Alright," she says, and she feels a little better. She jerks her thumb in the direction of the bathroom. "Well, I'm going to go in here." "And I'm going to go in there," he says, pointing behind him. "To my bedroom, not yours." That makes her laugh again. "Goodnight, then." "Goodnight." She turns to enter the bathroom. "Lily?" She pauses, with her hand on the door frame, and looks over her shoulder. "Yes?" He bounces on his feet again, looking pained, as if he's suffering from heartburn, and when he speaks it's as if the words have been forcibly torn from his lips. "Do you want me to teach you to fly tomorrow?" Then she's right away from the door and standing in front of him, her earlier wariness forgotten, eyes shining with excitement because he's offering to let her fly . "I would love that so much," she says warmly. "You're really good, right? Your mum says you're captain of your school Quidditch team." "I - my house team, yeah." He seems a little confused by her enthusiasm, but rather pleased with himself. "You really want me to show you?" "Yes," she says. "Honestly. All of this is second nature to you, I know, but it's a shiny new penny for me and I'm still amazed by it all so, you know, whatever you want to show me, please do." She spreads her hands wide. "I'll be there with bells on." "Alright. Cool," he says, and slants a smile at her, a boyish, cheeky thing. It transforms his whole face, that smile. His mother might not have been lying when she said he was the handsomest boy on earth. "Tomorrow, then. And I'll think of other stuff, too." "Great. Thank you," she says happily, and then she really does have to go, before she starts dancing to hold it in. "Bathroom, need to go." "Oh, yeah, go and do your thing," he says, shooing her away. "Goodnight." "Goodnight." She has butterflies.