of time." "That's what I did," says Lily proudly, and presses a finger into her collarbone. "I mean, not immediately, but once he made a homophobic comment about the waiter I was pretty done, so I just told him, 'this isn't going to work out, and I'm going home,' because what's the point of faking an emergency or pretending to fall ill?" "You just have to break it off later, anyway." "Or stop responding until they get the message and bugger off," says Lily, and snatches a bottle from the shelf at random. "D'you know anything about wine?" James peers at the label. "Not a thing." "Me neither," she says. "Whatever. This'll do." "Still set on drowning your sorrows?" "Maybe," she says, and tucks the bottle into her shopping basket. "Do you have a better idea?" And there it is. His opening. And he's nervous - terrified, even - but he's got to do it because the worst thing she can do is say no, and if she does, he can move on and spend his Friday nights doing something else, something more productive than chasing an unlikely dream around the fruit and veg section. It's a positive outcome, either way, but he really, really hopes that she says yes. He guessed her name out of thousands, after all. "I have one." She raises an eyebrow. "If you wanted to have, y'know, a nicer date," he continues, carefully looking at the wine bottle in her basket. "I don't have a Mercedes, and my night just opened up." She doesn't respond, so he's forced to look up to gauge her reaction. She's a little stunned, but the second his eyes meet hers, she smiles. "Are you asking me out, Lime Boy?" she says, her voice teasing. He nods, grinning at her, and she smiles more widely than before. "Just like that?" "Well, no, actually," he admits. "In the interest of being totally upfront, I've been working up the courage to ask you out for weeks." "Oh," she says, and looks down at her feet. "If we're being totally upfront, I don't feel bad about admitting that I ran my trolley into you on purpose." His heart gives a whopping great bang against his ribs. "Are you serious?" "You were walking around with your nose in a list!" she cries, looking up at him. Her face is pink again. "How else was I supposed to get you to notice me, or my terrible attempts at flirting?" "You could've - actually, I don't care. It worked." "Best injury I've ever caused, then." "Do you injure a lot of people?" "One or two," she says. "My name is Lily, by the way. Evans. Lily Evans. I'd give you my middle name if I were that pedantic, but I don't actually have one." "I do have one, but I'd need to be really drunk before I tell you," he says, and his cheeks ache from smiling but she's smiling back, so what does it matter? "I'm James Potter, anyway." "James Potter," she repeats happily. "Do you like Chinese food?" "Love it, why?" "Because, now that I've got this wine in my basket, I quite fancy drinking it," she says, with a smile that could be the last thing James ever sees and he'd still die a happy man. "And there's a really nice Chinese takeaway down the road from my flat. We could go there and order in - my car's just outside, and my housemate's at her boyfriend's for the night." Bang goes his heart again. "I thought you didn't drink on first dates?" "I don't invite blokes back to my flat, either, but here I am, taking all kinds of risks." "I'm a real advocate for risk taking." "Well, you're welcome to take one with me, and tell me your middle name, while you're at it," says Lily. "Is your car outside, too?" "Yeah, should I follow-" "No," she says, with that wicked smile again. "You can come in my car, unless you think you'll need to go home tonight." "Do you think I'll need to go home tonight?" "Dunno," she says, with a shrug. "See how it goes, right? Are you in?" James remembers - vaguely - that he's supposed to be getting drinks for the guys, and that Sirius will be furious when he's forced to spend an evening blowing up enemy bunkers without a cold bottle of beer to wash it down. He'll be made to suffer for that when he gets home in the morning. He also remembers that Lily already told one crappy date to get lost, rather than letting him down gently, and that's what could be in store for him if he blows this evening. The thought of that is rather daunting, even though he's got the date he wanted - had the date before he ever met her, if she's to be believed - and that's usually all he needs to muster every vestige of his confidence. Not this time, though. This time, despite her invitation, despite her frankness, despite the fact that she seems to fancy him a lot, he's still unbelievably nervous, and maybe that's a good thing. He's never been excited by a date, not truly excited, the way he's been excited to go to the supermarket every Friday and catch a glimpse of her, this beautiful, witty, fascinating woman who makes him laugh and says exactly what she thinks - and he's only just scratched the surface of who she is. Maybe she'll keep him on his toes. Maybe that's exactly what he needs. Maybe, he can make her smile eight or nine more times before the night is out, or make her laugh even once, or make her happy, in the long run. So he grins at her and takes a risk of his own - her hand, which he catches easily in his, and his heart swells at the smile that steals across her face. "Lime in," he says.