everyone, really. You'd be more help than you know." He smiles at her. "I'm a prat from west London who's had everything handed to him, Evans, hardly the voice of the people." "You're not a prat," she says impatiently. "You're brilliant , and lovely, and the whole country adores you and you worked bloody hard for those medals. You didn't stroll out onto the track and - perseverance, that's what you've got. Perseverance and a thick skin, and they're important, especially when you want to help people because you'll always run into dickheads who want to shut you up." He doesn't speak for a moment, then, "Didn't know you thought so highly of me." "Well, I do, you daft idiot," she says, and gestures toward him with one hand. "And when you, y'know, shake off your fake girlfriend and marry Emilia Clarke-" But James laughs, a quick, sharp burst that escapes his chest without warning, as if she's just told the best joke he's ever heard. "Are you really that blind, Evans?" She frowns up at him, her fingers gripping the edge of his mattress. "What?" "Fuck Emilia Clarke," he says, his voice low, and he hasn't moved away from the dresser but she feels like the room is shrinking. "I've only ever wanted you." Lily's heart seems to stops in its tracks, and then it's pounding . "Me?" she says. "You," he repeats, looking at his feet. "I didn't know-" "I know." "How did you-" "Because I told you I'd only gone to Booth's party because you were there, among other planet-sized hints," he says. "And you laughed." "I thought you were joking." "I thought you were letting me down easy." "I wasn't," she says quickly, and his eyes flick up to her face, albeit briefly. "I didn't plan on telling you this," he says. "But I didn't - I couldn't sleep next to you for a week and not find that too - I mean, not want to touch you, or kiss you, or - stuff you should know before you climb into bed with someone because I can't be that creep, but then I thought, nah, it's alright, as long as I'm not acting on it, but then you come out with that speech and I just - you're amazing ," he finishes, and runs a hand through his hair. "You're smart and you're caring and you make me laugh, and you're beautiful - you always have been." She doesn't realise that she's holding her breath until she lets it out, and the sound of it is audible enough to get his attention. "So, yeah, now you know," he says lamely. "I really didn't mean to tell you." "Were you ever going to?" "Oh, I've told you a thousand times, in my head," he says, with a humourless imitation of a laugh. "I'm a lot more eloquent in my head." She mimics his laugh, though there's nothing funny about it. "I don't know how to follow that up." "Not slapping me on your way out would be nice." "No," she says, her brow creased. "I mean, that was the most romantic thing I've ever heard in my life, and I don't know how to match it." His eyes widen, and it's a look she's seen before, but she finally recognises it for what it is - hope. "Why would you need to match it?" "Because," she says. "I'm bloody mad about you, alright?" He bolts away from the dresser as if - well, as if he's starting a race. "What?" "Well, yes . I mean, fake girlfriend? What is that?" "It was my idea," he says. "And I jumped at it immediately," she reminds him. "Because as I said, I'm mad about you, and repeating myself, and you need to come here and kiss me because I can't-" She indicates to her knees, which feel like jelly. "I think you've actually swept me off-" She doesn't get any further, because he cuts her off. With his lips, which are on hers in an instant. "So," she says, some time later, while James is pressing lazy, delectable kisses to the hollow of her throat, and smiles against her skin when she shivers. "About this fake dating thing." "Stopped being fake a while ago," he murmurs. "Right around the moment we banged?" He stops what he's doing to laugh. "Who uses the word 'bang' nowadays?" "I do. Kindly deal with it." "I'll deal with anything," he promises, and pushes himself up on his forearms, only to lean down and kiss her nose. "As long as I can bang you again." She raises an eyebrow. "Aren't you tired?" "I'm an Olympic medallist, Evans," he says, with a grin that would have left her willing if she wasn't already there. "Stamina's kind of my thing." "I'm hardly going to complain about that," she replies. "Boyfriend." "Girlfriend," says James, swooping down to catch her lips again. "For real, this time." Euphemia is going to be so smug in the morning. So will Mary, and Beatrice, and probably James's mates, not to mention the paparazzi, who'll plague them and hound them and turn on them when they seem too happy. She's sure that there'll be rumours to contend with, and more bullshit 'sources' citing make believe arguments and affairs that never happen. Petunia will believe them all, and she'll be vocal about it, but Lily doesn't care. Not about Petunia's opinion, and certainly not about the gossip rags. The press may have forced their hand, however inadvertently, but what she feels for James is real, and was real, long before her picture was splashed across the front pages. It will be real long after she's faded into memory, when the next scandal of the hour hits the shelves. Rumours merely got them started, but they're not going to end them. Emilia will have to search elsewhere, Lily thinks. There are plenty of fish in the sea, but she's keeping the one she's caught.