NOT ALLOW HIM TO GO WITH SOME FREAK SHOW TO LEARN MORE OF THAT UNNATURAL DEVILISH POWER. HE WILL GO TO PUBLIC SCHOOL AND LIKE IT." Turning Dumbledore raised his wand and pushed the point against the furious man's chest. Dursley paled, turned and walked to the cupboard under the stairs. Throwing the locks open, he pulled the door open and pushed a bedraggled, stiff Harry out of the closet. Looking up Harry, took in the scene before him. A tall elegant man was standing in the middle of the sitting room next to his aunt, a stick in his hand, dressed in shimmering purple robes. Looking at him, Harry felt a calm rush over him. He sensed that this man could be trusted. He felt a hand on his back and flinched at the throbbing pain it created. "Here," came his uncles voice trembling with rage "Take him. Take him to that devilish school. But once he leaves, I never want to see him again." Dumbledore looked over Harry and the feeling in his stomach sank lower. The boy was tall, but horribly thin and malnourished and looked forlorn and unloved. That revelation shook him to his core. The reason the wards were failing was because they were based on love. "Hello Harry, I'm Professor Albus Dumbledore." Harry shook the proffered hand with a small smile. "Pleased to meet you Professor. Can I really leave?" The headmaster returned the smile, his eyes giving a kind twinkle. "Of course," He turned to the Dursleys, his smile turning forced. "I do hope you have a good day." He put a hand on Harry's shoulder and guided him out the door. Once outside and the door shut, he turned to Harry and offered him his arm. "Take my arm Harry and hold on tight." Confused, Harry did as he was told. A second later he felt like he was getting squeezed through a water hose. The next moment he was standing outside a small pub. Taking a moment, he dropped to a knee doing his best to keep his innards in. Standing, he looked around in amazement. He didn't know where he was, but he recognized downtown London. "Sir? How did you do that?" He asked in awe reaching out to touch a sign as if testing to make sure it was real. "Let's go inside, and I'll tell you everything," Dumbledore responded. He opened the door and steered Harry inside. Finding a booth in a corner, the aged wizard sat, motioned Harry to do the same, and waved down a server, asking for a nice cup of hot tea. "Now, my dear boy, has there been any times in your life where strange things seem to happen while your around?" he queried, turning back the scarred boy. "Strange how, sir?" "Things suddenly disappearing, or strange items just showing up right in front of you. Anything, growing unnaturally or dying suddenly." Harry was stunned, not quite sure how to answer. He stared at the twinkling blue eyes, trying to find just a hint of hostility. Finding none, he trusted his gut feeling, and laid out many such incidences. He told how his hair had regrown over night after his aunt had shaved it. He told how cuts and bruises were healed by the end of the day. He also told of the glass at the zoo. Each time, he carefully manipulated the story to keep any form of violence and abuse out. Dumbledore eased back into his seat, a mischievous grin on his face. "Harry, what do you know of magic?" "It's a fairy tale, sir. In bedtime stories, the hero or his companion can manipulate reality through magic, making sure justice is served." Inwardly, Albus was shocked. He had so hoped that Harry's muggle relatives would at least have the decency to tell their nephew just who he really was. "That is not quite true, dear boy." Harry raised an eyebrow at his companion, wondering what he could ever mean by that. Just the mere mention of magic or anything unnatural towards his relatives would have gotten him a beating, making him learn to never believe in it. With a secretive smile, Dumbledore pulled out his wand, conjured a cup, and filled it with water. Offering the glass to the wide eyed boy, he explained, "Magic is very real, Harry. Everyone sitting in this pub is a witch or a wizard. Including you. Every single incident you told me about was you. Your magic caused that. We call that accidental magic. The school I'm taking you to is a place where young witches and wizards like yourself go to learn to control their magic and to use it." "So I'm a wizard?" Harry asked, staring at a man sitting at an adjacent table reading out a floating book, his cup of tea stirring itself. "As were your parents," the professor responded with a kind smile. "M-my parents?" "Your parents were some of my best students, a little mischievous at times though. It was a great loss to many when they died that night." "In the car crash?" came the whispered response. Dumbledore was flabbergasted, "A car crash wouldn't have been able to kill James and Lilly Potter. Who told you such a ridiculous story?" "My relatives." The aged headmaster was furious. He should have never entrusted those pea-brained, short sighted muggles with the savior of the wizarding kind. "Your parents died fighting an evil wizard who was trying to take over the world. That fight resulted in that scar on your forehead, but also the loss of a wonderful couple." Harry stared into nothingness, still processing the information. He was a wizard as were his parents. At first it had been a little hard to believe, but with the proof sitting all around him he couldn't deny the fact. It certainly explained many of the incidents in his life, but then there was how his parents had died. "My Lord Potter."