As she said that she crawled onto the bed, undoing his belt "D-Daphne!" Harry gulped, wanting to pull his belt back on. "I'm sorry master." She asked, feeling as if she had done something wrong "Am I to kiss you before proceeding with a blowjob?" 'Kiss? Blowjob?' Harry blushed, knowing this was the job of a Dropout...but still...this was just a bit fast for him. But...He did want to try this at least once. "Y-Yes...Yes you are." Harry nodded She nodded and kissed him Harry felt Daphne's soft luscious lips on his, her scent and soft hair in his hands, the feeling of her tender skin...The fact that she was his...And he was holding such a soft and beautiful woman in his grasp...He couldn't believe this...His cock grew under his trousers as he held and kissed her gently while holding her there. He held her close, kissing her deeply and wrapping an arm around her waist gently Daphne moaned happily as she felt her master's lips and arms wrap around her. She wanted to please him more but wanted to also obey him. She let him break the kiss and she smiled, crawling down to his waist, removing his belt and trousers to reveal his cock and she smiled. "Master...You're so big." She smiled, praising him "I...I guess." Harry responded, thinking he wasn't big compared to some others. "Yes, it is..." Daphne answered while reassuring him, taking all of his cock in one single motion, making Harry feel the back of her throat "Ah! Oh...Oh god!" Harry moaned, feeling her warm mouth envelop his member. Her moist mouth-pussy was going to make him cum right there. "It...It's so good!" Daphne smiled, making small gagging noises as she had Harry's cock in the back of her throat. "I-I'm cumming!" Harry moaned, shooting his cum into her mouth Daphne swallowed it all, not caring "Oh...My gosh..." Harry panted at that, his first blowjob. "That...was delicious, Master." Daphne smiled, slowly rubbing his cock. "...Thank you." Harry answered, panting still. "Would you like more of your dropout?" Daphne offered. "More?" Harry asked "Yes. More..." She answered, moving her panties to show her vagina. "... How are you so good?" He asked suddenly "I was trained to be so." Daphne answered, lowering herself onto him, letting him feel her warm slutty pussy. "Ah!" Harry moaned "Yes, master. You're in me." Daphne moaned as she gently as she bounced on his cock Harry couldn't believe this, he was having sex with a Dropout...As troubling he thought of this...He didn't deny that this felt amazing. He slowly crawled his hands up to her waist and held her there, keeping him inside her as he upped his thrusting speed making her and him feel good. "Ah! Yes, yes, master! That's it, that's it!" Daphne moaned as she was blushing, feeling her pussy stirred up from this stimulation. "Master...Deserves...on top..." She panted "Huh?" Harry asked as Daphne tilted onto the bed so that she was under him He blinked, seeing the beauty under him... And began to fuck faster Daphne moaned lustfully as she felt her pussy being ploughed by Harry, her breasts bouncing with each thrust until they were freed from their bra, exposing her full bosom and her pink nipples. "Yes, yes, Master!" Daphne panted happily "G... Gonna cum!" He grunted "In me, in me master!" Daphne moaned as she climaxed from his cock as he squirted into her pussy. Harry moaned, cumming Daphne smiled happily as she let Harry fall on her in exhaustion. Daphne smiled, seeing him fall asleep "Goodnight, my master." Daphne smiled, holding him close. *With Hermione* Hermione was in her room with her new Dropout, Pansy Parkinson...Who was waiting to be of some use. As in she was laying on the bed, rubbing her vagina while looking at Hermione with lust and hope 'This...This is barbaric...But...Having Pansy here...It...It...' Hermione was thinking to herself "Mistress..." Pansy looked at Hermione almost hypnotically. She was dressed in a bikini-like corset, like all the other girls but hers was green and silver. She had the choker around her neck with Hermione's name on it. Pansy's cheeks were flushed in a small amount of ecstasy...She wanted her mistress to have her. "You... Slut." Hermione whispered lightly Pansy's eyes widened at her calling her that. Smiling she looked at her mistress with a lustful gaze. "Yes, yes mistress. I am." Pansy panted, almost begging for more. Hermione was so gobsmacked by that, dropping her bag "I am your dropout slut." Pansy begged. Hermione gazed at Pansy, looking at this girl with shaky hands...wanting to touch and taste her. To punish her for all the things that she put her through... She frowned, a determined lust filling her eyes She went down on top of the former Slytherin student and looked into her eyes. "You...Absolute...Slut..." She whispered at her. "Yes!" "You're...playing with your naughty vagina..." Hermione looked at her, stopping Pansy's hand, while sliding her own fingers there. Pansy gasped and moaned, smiling "You...Are my...dropout...My "toy"...Understand?" Hermione ordered lightly, slowly getting into this mentality. "Yes!" "And...You..." Hermione blushed as she was a bit embarrassed at this whole thing, trying to think of the right thing to say. "Yes?" "You deserve to be punished, if you disobey me." Hermione answered, pushing her fingers into Pansy's pussy making the dropout moan heavily. Pansy nodded in excitement, moaning 'Oh my goodness. I can't believe this is happening...I...I might get used to this if I'm not careful.' She thought 'But... It feels... So fun!' "Mistress...I...I'm cumming!" Pansy moaned as she came over Hermione's fingers. Hermione panted in lust, pulling her fingers out of Panty "M-Mistress..." Panty moaned as she looked up at Hermione. 'If...this...keeps up...I may want...to use something more...' She thought. "That's enough for tonight...We'll...do some more tomorrow." Pansy nodded at that, even if sadly "Let's get to sleep...We've got long days for the foreseeable future." Hermione yawned tiredly To be continued If you have any comments please leave them in reviews.