back from the common room, I made enough noise, and when Ron complained, I said, hey Ron, it's Thursday, and there are chocolate muffins for breakfast. He even skipped the shower." Harry laughed, while Ginny grimaced "Yuck!" "I think the Twins are on their way. Let's get out of here until they're in the Great Hall." As soon as Fred and George had entered the hall, Harry followed with Ginny trailing a few yards behind him. "Hey Harry, polite people say good morning when they meet a friend." Ginny made a show. Harry turned, "Oh, sorry Ginny. I didn't see you. Good Morning to you, too." They took the two vacant seats opposite to Ron. Since Ron had already polished the bowl of chocolate muffins, they filled their plates with smoked salmon, buttered their toasts, and started eating just when Hermione reached her usual seat next to Ron. "Morning" muttered Hermione, pulled a chess piece, a White King, out of her bag and sat it on the table right in front of Ron. "Do you recognize that?" she gave Ron a questioning look. "S'mine, Mm'ione" Ron choked out, the last muffin in his mouth. "What did you say?" Hermione gave him a disgusted look. "Oh, thank you so much, Hermione. Where did you find it?" Ron answered in a second attempt, after swallowing down the rest of the muffins, emphasizing every word. "Oh, where do you think you lost it?" "No idea, really!" "I've found it in my trunk, just between my knickers" she starred at Ron, and continued "I'm still wondering if the White King is the pervert, or its owner. What do you think, Ronald?" Ron, however, red-faced and tong-tied, didn't answer. "I insist on an explanation." Ron became deep red and stuttered with a side view on the howling Twins "I…I have no idea…Hermione. Really!" "Ronald, this isn't over!" Hermione scolded, taking her seat next to him. "I want to know how you managed to get into the girls' dorms. According to 'Hogwarts, A History', it's not possible for boys to enter the girls' dorms without triggering an alarm." Hermione sent him a final glare, and filled her plate. The breakfast at the Gryffindor table continued in splendid mood, except for Ron, who was hardly able to cope with all the teasing. Harry gave Ginny an admiring look, whispering "You're so bad!", but couldn't help but snigger. Ginny murmured in response "That's the best blackmail material ever. The next time Ron tries to tell me who I can date, or not, I can easily refer to strange chess pieces wandering all over the Gryffindor Tower." Shaking his head Harry took another bite from his smoked salmon. Fifteen minutes later, when Fred and George got up from the breakfast table, another roaring laughter burst out at the Gryffindor table, the tables nearby joined only moments later. Ron couldn't hold the eggs and bacon he had as dessert, when he started laughed out loud. Ginny noticed McGonagall narrowing her eyes, and looking for the cause of the turmoil. With open mouth, the Head of House stared at the bare-naked backsides of Fred and George Weasley. Apparently someone had made the effort to turn the backsides of their robes transparent. Just as she tried to restore the order, the Twins turned and George noticed Fred's bared posterior, and called out. "Oh, my dear look-alike. I… Methinks someone here is begging for punishment!" Pointing at Ron, Fred yelled "Oh, dear brother of mine, methinks the miscreant is sitting right in front of us." Reaching for his wand, he added with an accusing glare, "On the pretence that he has lost a chess piece, he rummaged through our Wheezes stock and stole our vanishing solution." With wide eyes, Ron jumped up as he recognized that his brothers were approaching him. "What? I've done nothing!" Ginny giggled when she looked at Harry who was watching with amazement as he noticed how a very quiet Hermione kept levitating a piece of parchment towards Ginny's bag. It was the very moment she realized that they'd pranked the wrong person. She reached for her bag with one hand, for Harry's arm with the other, muttering "Harry, come! Now!" and dragged him out of the Great Hall. She hurried through the corridors with Harry on her tail, looking for a deserted classroom. As soon as they entered the room, they looked at each other and started laughing loudly. Ginny reached into her bag and pulled out the piece of parchment, holding it so that Harry could read it, too. Ginny, I need to see you. Meet me at 9 p.m. tonight at the Astronomy Tower. Harry "Merlin, Hermione! It was Hermione! The ever so prim and proper Hermione." Ginny got the giggles. Still laughing, she looked at Harry. The two of them laughed for several moments when Ginny suddenly stopped, and instead noticed the strange look on Harry's face. The very same look she'd noticed again and again over the last weeks. Her heart suddenly pounded louder and faster... "Harry? What is it…? " Harry made a step towards her "Gin…" "Yeah…? " "Gin…" Harry froze. "Yes, Harry?" "Have I ever told you how much I love to see you laugh…?" Ginny noticed a single tear in Harry's eyes when he took another step closer. "Harry?" Taking two steps to close the distance, Ginny looked in Harry's eyes. When she felt that Harry was looking for approval she closed her eyes and leaned in. When she felt Harry's arms around her, and his lips on hers, the world around her slowly ceased to exist. *** The End *** Sorry, Ron the poor sod got more than I've ever planned. Please let me know if it was at least a wee surprise that Hermione was the culprit, or if it was obvious. I can very well imagine Harry's revealing the truth about this incident at his wedding, as part of his toast, under the heading Our First Kiss.