seen Tonks ever since the night of the battle, he still couldn't stop thinking about her. He had tried to forget her. They spent all this time, months even, avoiding each other, trying to move on with their lives, but it just wasn't possible. She still felt the same for him and still insisted to be with him, no matter what. Tonks didn't care about the fact that he was dangerous, or poor or even about what other people might think of them. She just wanted him. And he wanted her. Molly had told Lupin that being too rational wasn't always a virtue, sometimes people should listen to their hearts and, in that moment, that was exactly what he was doing. Arriving at Hogwarts for Dumbledore's funeral, Lupin spotted her, just after the gates, making her way to the rows of chairs set out near the lake, where the funeral would be held. She was wearing a black dress for the occasion under her grey cloak, but still wore the boots she loved so much, her hair down with the sad color it had been since they fought at the Grimmauld place. They were early for the funeral, so there wasn't a lot of people there, just a few also making their way to the chairs. Lupin took a deep breath and, determined, started to walk faster so he could catch her. "Tonks!" He called her when he was near enough for her to hear. She stopped walking and turned around, confused, only to get even more surprised when Lupin suddenly grabbed her by the arm and pulled her to the side of the castle, where there weren't any people watching. "What…?" She questioned once he stopped in front of her, not understanding what was happening. But, before he could answer, Lupin fiercely grabbed her by the waist and joined their lips. With one hand at her lower back gently bringing her closer to him and the other on the back of her neck, he kissed her without a care in the world, like that was his only goal in mind. Tonks kissed him back, opening her mouth and letting him deepen the kiss, her arms making their way around his neck, bringing their bodies even closer, like she wanted to end every little space there was between them. She spent too much time away from him and wishing for this moment, she wouldn't waste it. Only separating their lips when they were out of breath, Lupin and Tonks stayed with their foreheads touched, regaining their breaths and giving in everything they had to that moment, not caring about where they were or who was passing by them. After a while in silent, enjoying being in each other's arms, Tonks was the first one to talk. "So, does this mean…?" She looked up to his eyes, her face still close to his, not completing the sentence, since Lupin knew exactly what she was asking. "Yes. Let's be together." He smiled at her, caressing her cheek with his thumb. After Dumbledore had died, the only thing in his mind was that this was it. They had no protection anymore. The war was imminent and it was coming faster than they had predicted. There would be an end and they had no idea which side was going to win and who was going to survive it. So, he couldn't just keep himself from being happy in the meantime. That wasn't rational. Tonks smile grew wider, from ear to ear, and, without even making an effort, her hair suddenly changed to bubblegum pink, her and Lupin's favorite hair color. "I love you." was the only thing Tonks was able to say, her heart pounding in her chest as she was still wrapped in Lupin's embrace, holding his face in her hands. "So much..." Lupin smiled, remembering what Molly had said about Tonks' Patronus changing to a wolf. There was no doubt in that. She really loved him. It was a pure feeling that he had never imagined someone having towards him before. How could a creature so awful, dangerous and ugly like a werewolf be loved? He had never expected it, never kept his hopes up, keeping in his mind that his goal in life was to help Harry, Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix. And yet, there it was. Love. He was granted love even if he didn't deserve it. And God, how he loved this woman as well. She was everything to him and, right now, he couldn't imagine his life without her. Then, all of a sudden, a feeling of impulse took over him. The war was coming. Many people were going to die, that was a fact. And he wanted to have it all before it ended. With the woman right in front of him. Life is too short. "Marry me." The words left his mouth without him even thinking, his voice sounding almost as if he was begging her. Lupin had never been reckless, everything in his life was carefully thought over since becoming a werewolf, which had been the most shocking thing to happen in his life. So, added to the sudden loss of his friends, he was terrified of not having hold of the future and not planning every single thing that could happen. But this was different. They didn't know if there was a future, if they were gonna make it until tomorrow. And even if they did, the only future he could imagine himself in was with her, Nymphadora Tonks. So, there he was, being reckless. Asking her to marry him. To be with him. Until death do us part. And her response didn't come verbally. Lupin saw the widest smile he had ever seen cross that face before, accompanied by her eyes shining with happiness and even two little teardrops daring to fall from them. And, with a kiss, a smiling kiss, Remus Lupin knew he had his answer. She said yes.