I will. I'll be sick, but I'll eat." "Wait," he turned her around. "What do you mean you'll be sick?" "I mean I am used to eating once every week. When and if I ever eat more than that, I get sick." "We'll have to go into this further later. Here," he pulled out a potion. "Drink this. Three mouthfuls every meal that you don't eat. It will not make you throw up, it only gives you the nutrition you miss. Will you drink it for me, sweetheart?" "Yes. I will." Rose did drink the potion he handed her. She did not make a face at the taste like everyone he knew, she swallowed it as though she knew it was going to taste god-awful. "Rose, have you drank bad tasting things before?" "Uncle Vernon made me drink cleaner when I tried to eat any of their dinner that I made," she said evasively. "I don't want you cooking dinner here then." Severus was very quick to say it. "I want to, sir. It doesn't give me bad memories or anything. I promise." "Stop with the sir. And alright. But what are you going to do while Jade and I eat?" "I'll figure something out." "Alright." "Daddy, why doesn't Rose eat?" "Her relatives starved her, sweetheart. Her uncle fed her cleaner. Her aunt, the one that contacted me, was scared to do much to help her. She gave Rose what she could." "Oh. What's she doing?" "I have no idea." Rose entered her bedroom and cleaned it so it shined. Then she did the same to Jade's. She entered the library and put away the books that had been left out. She went into the spare bathrooms and bedroom and cleaned until they shined. She straightened the living room and the formal dining room. She went down to the pool area and cleaned it up. Then she cleaned the rest of the rooms. Entering the kitchen, she made a magnificent looking dessert that didn't really have a name. She quickly served it to Jade and Sev and then left the room again. She cleaned the kitchen so that she could see her face in the tile. Then she walked back into the dining room where they were eating. "I am going shopping for some groceries in the muggle world. Does anyone need or want anything?" "Gum," Jade said. "Let me go with you." "Have you never heard of the men relaxing? You're supposed to go read or something after dinner. Now go. I'll take Narcissa. Jade, I do believe you have an essay you are supposed to be writing. Get on that. I'll be back shortly." Rose, with that, went through her little continuum and over to the Malfoy's. "Narcissa, will you go shopping with me?" "Of course, dear." "Sev, I'm back." Rose heard a thump and headed toward's Jade's room. When she entered, she tossed Jade her gum and took the offered essay. She left the room, went back down to the kitchen and put the groceries away. She made tea. Then, on one tray she put a small pot of tea and a cup along with some biscuits. On the second, larger, tray, she put a larger pot of tea, and some more biscuits. She carried the small tray to Jade's room. Jade was in the shower, so Rose cast a wandless warming charm. She left the room and brought the larger tray to Severus. "Here, Sev." "Thanks, beautiful. You better be joining me." ( I thought about changing that compliment, but then decided if there are that many pervs that read my stories, I don't want them sticking around anyways.) "Can't. I'm a bit busy." "With what?" "Planning," she said softly. Rose headed back down the stairs and into the kitchen. She began to prepare mounds of food. She had decided to host a party of sorts with Narcissa. It was Jade's birthday party. The formal half of it anyway. They wanted to try doing it the muggle way. Sort of. Minus the house elves. Rose was in charge of food. She cast a wandless preserving charm over everything, knowing only what she wanted to happen as usual. Rose popped over to the Malfoy's and stood beside Narcissa. "Food's ready." "Good. So are the decorations. Now, we need to make a list of people to invite." Soon they had invited all the pureboods and the powerful halfbloods. There were plenty of kids that would be Jade and Rose's age there. "Okay. Tomorrow night then. Everyone has said they can attend. We will see you for breakfast as six. Then we will take Jade out and get nails, hair, makeup done for all three of us. Then we will get dresses." "Good. I'll make sure she thinks we just want to have a girl's day out. Lucius will take care of Sev, right?" "Yes. As well as Draco. He loves scaring Jade half to death." Rose smiled as she shook Jade awake. "Jade, wake up. Get dressed. Five minutes." Jade groaned, but sat up, not wanting a repeat of the day before. Rose grinned. "Jeans and a cute top." Rose ran down the hallway and woke Severus before going to get Lucius, Narcissa, and Draco. AN: I actually originally wrote this several years ago and just found it, and several other stories I started, but totally forgot about, on a flash drive. I'm going to post the ones that have a completed chapter 1 and work on any that I can find a muse for again…if this gets at least five reviews I promise to have the second chapter up within a week of the fifth review. I'm only posting this right now because, well, it was over 4000 words. That is the second longest chapter I've ever written. Please keep in mind that I wrote this in 6 th grade and the only change I made to it upon find it is this author's note. Kitten xo