said Theo, his own eyes flashing as he folded his trousers before packing them in his trunk. "The die's been cast. I'll be marked before end of summer as the sacrificial penance father pays for failing the Dark Lord." "Wasn't Malfoy the pawn, the sacrifice?" "No," said Theo bitterly, "The Dark Lord is furious with Lucius, but father held the Dark Lord's true esteem and was the ultimate failure by not containing the situation before he was exposed. Draco's currently not important enough." Theo's mouth twisted. "Mi vuoi bene?" "Not fair! Of course I do, but I'm trapped. You're not, and I refuse to be your anchor, your cage." Blaise grasped Theo's icy fingers and watched the shutters fall in front of the glittering onyx orbs. His heart constricted. "I can feel you pulling away, but there's still a chance. Please, don't give up on us, don't lose hope…" Whispered Blaise, and despite their hands remaining clasped, Blaise felt Theo retreat even further. "I'm going to fix this, caro mio. " Blaise whispered fervently. He leaned in and planted a firm but hasty kiss upon lips chapped from wear, stroking his fingers down a cheek that bore the barest hint of stubble. "I promise." x-x-x-x "Albus, I told you earlier! I'm searching for…" The door was thrown open at his knock and Blaise found himself staring at the pallid face of his Head of House. The momentary look of surprise at seeing an errant student instead of the anticipated visitor quickly morphed to a mask of suspicion. "Mr. Zabini," Professor Snape snapped, "School's been out for half a fortnight. Enlighten me as to the reason you've deigned to honored me with your presence?" "My apologies, Professor. I require your council on a matter most urgent." Professor Snape's eyebrow raised slightly as he steadily regarded the typically poised pupil standing in the corridor; a student out-of-breath, sweating, and disheveled. Blaise suffered the vague impression of his consciousness being gently nudged, though he might be confusing fatigue for his side-along apparation by House-elf with illegal legillimancy. The Professor stepped aside and indicated Blaise enter before closing and warding the door behind them. "Sit, Mr. Zabini," said Professor Snape, indicating a vacant chair in front of the stoked fire. Blaise sank into the chair's surprising comfort, though barely registered the luxurious coverings in his frenzied state. "It's Theo, Professor. He's to be marked before end of summer, and used to punish his father." "Some might consider this the highest honor." Professor Snape said, regarding Blaise with a unwavering, penetrative gaze. "I know you are Death Eater sir, one of the inner circle. I hoped." Blaise gulped, and raised pleading eyes to ones as blank as new parchment, "I hoped you'd be able to sway the Dark Lord. This isn't the path Theo wishes to follow. Neither of us do." "You risk much, Mr. Zabini, in coming here." "I know sir." "This betrayal of the Dark Lord… you realize I could kill you here and now, with no one the wiser?" He ran his fingers down his chin in contemplation, the taut silence mounting and Blaise did all he could to not tremble. "However," drawled Professor Snape, "I agree with you that Mr. Nott does not deserve — nor is he suited for — the life and expectations of a Death Eater being thrust upon him." Blaise's heart raced slightly in hope. "Convincing the Dark Lord away from a path already chosen, however; is foolhardy to the extreme, and comes at great personal risk." Professor Snape folded himself out of his seat and began pacing. "Leave this with me, Mr. Zabini. There are various angles to consider. I will need some time." "Thank you Professor," breathed Blaise, rising to leave. "Oh, one more thing." Blaise turned at the door toward the Professor's voice. " Obliviate ." x-x-x-xP "I still don't understand it… one moment I'm being summoned back to Nott Manner to prepare for the Marking ceremony, the next I'm being ordered to stay at yours… and the summer goes by and… nothing!" Theo murmured between bites of roast lamb. "I don't either." Blaise whispered. "When I visited, Professor Snape said it was the highest honor to be chosen and that the Dark Lord had made his decision. That I was a fool to request otherwise, and I'd receive no interference from him with you taking the mark." "Then why—?" "— is Malfoy's suddenly spouting off about a 'task' and keeping his left arm covered and protected? It's obvious, he took the mark instead of you, but what I don't know is why . Nothing about this makes sense. But I'd stop complaining, Theo, or one might begin to think you regret missing out." Theo leaned in close, the warmth of his breath caressing the edge of Blaise's ear, causing him to shudder. "I may be confused, Blaise, but I'm definitely not complaining." His tongue darted out to flick against his ear. "Nor am I missing out. I'm still me — whole and unmarked. I'm still free. I'm still…" "Doing your best to drive me mental," Blaise bit out as Theo bit his earlobe. His smirk betrayed his contentment at Theo's proximity. "Get a room," snarled Parkinson, her eyes pining after Malfoy. Theo pushed away from the table and stood, his former ascetic comportment having restored itself upon being spared the shackles of the Dark Lord's brand and punishment. "I have revising to do, join me?" Theo said, holding out his hand as mirth danced in his eyes. "With pleasure," replied Blaise. They ended haphazardly entwined upon Theo's bed, school books and parchment littering the bedsheets around their cooling bodies. "I am always up for revising," smirked Theo, snuggling into Blaise's side. Blaise chuckled smugly, running his finger along the outline of an intimately placed souvenir of his enthusiasm. "And here I was, under the impression you were against being marked." "Not if it's yours," Theo affirmed, before drifting off into a contented slumber.