She wrinkled her nose at the unpleasantness; it smelled like something was burning! As she got closer to the large doors, she noticed that they were open a crack. Unable to contain her curiosity, she edged closer to see inside. She spotted Draco through the opening, as a small part of her had suspected she would, but instead of receiving a weekly potion like she had begun to think he would be doing, he was holding his arm out to Madame Pomfrey, who was bent over it with her wand out. This confused Hermione greatly. She had begun to accept the idea that Draco was sick. After all, he walked around like a ghost most days, pale and gaunt. Even his eyes looked less blue… Most worryingly, the only times he tried to antagonize her these days was when they inevitably crossed paths outside of the infirmary. But this….this made no sense. What on earth was she doing to him? His leg was bouncing up and down as he glanced at the watch on his free arm. She wished she could see what Madame Pomfrey was doing to Draco's arm with her wand! As she inched closer, straining to see more through the small crack, she stopped concentrating on balancing her sizable pile of textbooks. With a moment of sheer panic, Hermione tried and failed to correct the imminent collapse. She watched in horror as a few of her books cascaded toward the floor of the corridor, the health of their bindings for once the least of her worries. At the sudden and startling noise, Draco leapt from the stool, ripping his arm away from Madame Pomfrey and whirling to face the large doors. Hermione jumped back quickly, trying in vain to still her pounding heart and praying that Draco hadn't spotted her looking. She didn't know where this sense of urgency and fear came from, perhaps it was the enraged look in his eye as he had spun around? She heard quick, heavy footsteps and knew a fight was coming. She felt the familiar weight of her wand on her thigh and briefly considered a quick Protego, just to be safe, but her arms were still full of books. She decided that her best chance would be to just play it casual, like she hadn't seen anything at all. One moment she was staring at the stone wall across from her, flickering orange and red in the torch lights, as she worked to slow her breathing. The next she was face to face with a furious Draco Malfoy, staring into his icy eyes framed by rage-knotted brows. "And what, exactly, do you think you're doing spying on me, mudblood?" He was practically seething, spitting each syllable of the horrid name at her with venom that could surely rival a basilisk. She ignored the burn of his words as she once again tried to calm her racing heart. "You think you're so special, don't you, Malfoy?" She ground out, her anger overcoming her fear. "You think that the entire world is obsessed with you and every little thing that you do. Well, I have got some news for you: nobody cares about you or anything that you do, least of all me!" Her voice grew in volume as she reached the end of her sentence, the last word nearly a shriek as she clenched her fists tightly; she fought the urge to hurl her remaining textbooks at him, her high regard of their material only barely stopping her. If Draco was offended by her words, he made no indication. "I know you think you saw something, Granger. I bet that's why you just 'happen' to be here every single time that I am. Well guess what? I have nothing to hide." Hermione's eyes narrowed in suspicion, "You sure act quite guilty for someone who professes he has nothing to hide. Why would you assume I'm spying unless there's a reason to spy?" Draco straightened up, regaining his composure. He looked down at her, regarding her as one would a piece of gum stuck to their shoe. Typically Hermione Granger wasn't a violent human being, but if her hands were free she doubted that she would be able to refrain from raking her fingernails across the snivelling prat's handsome face. Merlin, she hated him. "So then, why are you here?" He asked snidely, "it seems far too convenient that you just so happen to follow me here every week without fail." Hermione's face burned a bright red-her mouth dropping open-unable to give a decent answer. There was no way she would ever tell Draco Malfoy that she was there because of her menstrual cycle. After a moment of tense silence, the blonde boy nodded to himself. "That's what I thought," he said, glaring at her menacingly, "stay out of my business, Granger." With that, he spun around, robes billowing as he strode down the hallway without another look at her. Hermione sagged against the wall, feeling very much like she had just run a mile. This was most likely due to both the blood loss as well as the adrenaline still pumping through her veins. After allowing herself several long moments to breathe, Hermione pulled herself together as much as she could. She would tell Harry and Ron about this later, but now she had to focus on fixing this blasted potion before she hemorrhaged to death! A/N: I had a sexy dream about Draco and Hermione a few days ago and it was so good and sexy and beautiful that it stuck with me and I wrote like 7 thousand words of this fic in the first 24 hours of waking up after that fateful dream….. So that's what you're getting yourselves into…. A sexually frustrated 21 year old girl…. With too much time on her hands… …...Ur welcome… I hope this concept hasn't been done before. REVIEW IF YOU LIKE IT AND TELL ME IF YOU WANNA READ MORE