on the other breast before dragging himself away to instruct her to remove her panties. She started to remove the dress but he caught her wrist. "Not the dress," he growled, "I want to fuck you in that dress." Surprisingly, she did what she was told, removed the panties and left the dress. She then dropped to her knees and crawled up to him, placing her hands on either knee. He thought he might explode when she submitted to him like that, staying on her knees before him to remove his belt and pull his pants down, letting his erection spring free. He was so hard for her. She smiled fiendishly as she leaned forward and took him into her mouth. He threw his head back and let out a grunt as he felt her take his entire length in her mouth and begin sucking. She removed his length from her warm wet mouth only to run her tongue up and down his shaft. As she sucked him, she made circular movements with her tongue all around him, which was slowly driving him crazy. He used his hips to thrust himself up onto her mouth. "Fuck, Hermione..." he breathed, pulling her up by the hair. He didn't want to explode into her mouth this time. No, he wanted her to ride him. He had fantasized about himself in Potter's place for years and now he was going to have her, just like that. Instinctively, she knew what to do next and straddled him once more. This time lining herself up with his rock hard staff and crashing down onto him. She started slow, her movements were deliberate and torturous, taking all of him and then removing him almost entirely. She felt heavenly but he was impatient, he wanted to fuck her hard like Potter had – at this point he needed to. He put his hand on the back of her head and pulled her down into a deep kiss as he started to push up into her aggressively. She responded by increasing her pace and the ferocity with which she impaled herself onto him. Draco reached down and massaged her bud with his thumb to increase her pleasure as she took him hard and fast, just like he had always wanted. He covered her neck in kisses and massaged her chest with his free hand. She looked like a goddess as she took him closer and closer to what he was sure was going to be the most intense orgasm of his life. He felt her pussy clench and vibrate around him as her own release built. He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her lips back to his so he could kiss her while she came. He felt her moaning into his mouth as he relentlessly raised his hips to meet her, plunging his large member as deep into her core as possible. She took all of him into her dripping wet womanhood as she moaned with what sounded to him like complete pleasure and abandon. Malfoy pulled her closer so they were chest to chest as he felt his own bliss building. By the time he exploded inside her she was moaning loudly and much to his delight, saying his name over and over again. Not Malfoy, but Draco. They stayed there, in the chair for quite some time, kissing gently and exploring each other with their hands. He brushed her hair behind her ears and kissed her jaw, her neck, and her collar bones. He wanted to kiss every part of her at some point. He could have done it forever. Eventually, the kiss broke and she told him she needed to have a shower and clean up before going back to the reception. She was one of Harry's best friends so she could not simply disappear and they had already been gone too long. "How about you let me shower with you?" he asked, trying not to sound like a desperate lovesick puppy. "I thought, given your record with women, you would be out of here by now Malfoy," she said seriously. He wanted to be offended but she did have a point. 'Well Granger, you're not just any woman now are you? So how about that shower… I rather fancy cleaning myself up as well," he responded. She walked back towards him, her dress now completely discarded and took him by the hand, leading him into the bathroom. She removed his shirt which had somehow managed to stay on during their frenzied romp and pushed his hair from his eyes before planting a sweet kiss on his chin. In the shower he made sure to cover her in body wash before pushing her against the wall and sliding his fingers into her wet heat from behind. She moaned as he added more digits and began to pump into her roughly, keeping in with the theme of their frenzied lovemaking. He pressed himself behind her so she could feel his breath in her ear. "How long have you wanted me to do this to you?" he whispered. "Since I saw you watching me and Harry in the library three years ago…" she said breathily. He stopped for a moment, stunned that she had known all along. She had let him watch her. When she came with Potter's hand over her mouth – she bloody knew he was there. "You threw a fucking drink on me Granger!" he exclaimed loudly. Her response was to giggle. "I'm rather a good actress Malfoy, it got you up here didn't it?" she said sweetly as pressed her body into his. "From now on, I'll be the only one fucking you and I'll be the only one watching you, got it? Now take your punishment like a good girl" he growled before slapping her soapy behind and moving to slam his throbbing staff into her. "Yes," she moaned, taking all of him greedily for the second time that day.