wand that drew the same circle in the air. "I was going to talk about something else, but I'm changing my topic slightly." He looked around at the segregated room. "This may not seem to make any sense, but I promise, I have a point. Each house has both good points and bad points, yes?" There were nods. "Right, so let's go through them, shall we? Anyone can answer, but be careful of your prejudices." If Severus had taught him anything, Harry knew it was that you couldn't take any of the other houses at face value. He had despised Slytherin house and look at what had happened now. He no longer despised Severus. In fact, his feelings right now were anything but that. "Okay, so let's start with my house, let's start with Gryffindor," he said. "Give me three good traits. One at a time, please." There were a few nervous hands around the room. He picked one, a small Gryffindor boy. "What's your name?" Harry asked. "Roger Markson, sir," he said. "Gryffindors are brave." Harry nodded and made two lines in the circle so that there were four equal sections. In one of them, he wrote the word 'brave.' "Yes, that they are. Another one." Two more traits were given - chivalrous and courageous, one by a Hufflepuff and the other by a Ravenclaw. "Now, only three will do. Now, for the negative traits. Again, be mindful of your prejudices." He was trying to call upon someone from each house. This time, he called on a Slytherin, who answered with reckless. Another Gryffindor and a Ravenclaw came up with the other two negative traits that Harry had asked for - arrogance and immaturity. Harry went through Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff next. For the Ravenclaws, the students came up with intelligent, creative, and witty for the positive traits. For the negative traits, they came up with arrogant, self-absorbed and skeptical. For Hufflepuffs, the good traits given to him were loyal, just and hardworking. The bad traits are given to him where that they were pushovers, passive-aggressive and stagnant. Harry knew that he had annoyed each of the house when he had gone through their bad traits. "Keep in mind that this is stereotyping," he said. "Not everyone will have these traits, of course, but with good traits comes bad, just like there are two sides of a coin." This would be the hardest one, which is why he had left it for last. "Now, for Slytherin house - and I do not want to hear the words bad or evil or anything come out of anyone's mouths. Do you hear me? I know for a fact that there were Death Eaters from both Gryffindor and Ravenclaw, so let's not go there." He was liable to start yelling if they did, and that was probably not the best thing to do right now. There was some silence in the Great Hall before the students started giving out the good traits - cunning, resourceful, and ambitious. Then, Harry asked for the bad. Again, there was silence, but distrustful, power-hungry and selfish were given to him. "Now, I'm sure by now you are all wondering what in the bloody hell I'm getting at." There was some laughing around the hall. "I said I had a point, and I do. So, when you're fighting the Dark Arts, you need different kinds of people. I'm sure we can all agree on that. Everyone brings something different." Harry turned slightly towards his floating circle. "Okay, let's go with something that might be a bit easier," he said. "Say, let's get rid of the Gryffindors. What you would be losing?" A Gryffindor, who looked to be about fifth year, answered. "The fighters, those willing to go out to the front lines." "Yes, exactly," Harry said. "What about Ravenclaws?" As expected, it was a Ravenclaw that answered. "The planners. Without them, you don't have a plan, and everyone is just rushing in." Harry nodded. "Yes, very good. What about the Hufflepuffs? What do you lose?" A small, Hufflepuff girl answered. "You would lose the glue, to hold everyone together," she said. "Someone has to keep everyone going." "Yes, very good," Harry said. "Now, what about the Slytherins?" He heard 'nothing' from somewhere. "No, now that's not true! You do lose something. Now tell me what it is." It was a Slytherin boy, a sixth or seventh year, that answered. "The spies," he said. "The one to do the dirty work that the others afraid to do, and get on the other side." Harry nodded. "Yes. You may think that you can do without any one house, but you need the traits from all the houses to defeat the Dark Arts," he said. "You have to have everyone together. Without one part, it's not whole, and it becomes a lot harder to get everything done. You need all different types of people, not just the Gryffindors or the Ravenclaws or what have you. You need everyone to do it. When you shut people out, you're only making it easier for people like Voldemort do what they did. Don't think just because he's gone that it means there'll never be another Dark Wizard. You can't have good without evil, and when it does come, remember that you need everyone to succeed." "I know for a fact that I couldn't have done it without various kinds of people," Harry continued. "And that includes Slytherins." He had answered a few questions before the lecture was over, and people started to go back to whatever it was that they were doing this Saturday afternoon. The entire thing had gotten him thinking about Severus. He knew that he couldn't give up on him. He could be a persistent bastard when he wanted to be. He would find a way to make him see that, somehow. He just wasn't quite sure how to do it or when and if he would make it happen yet.