it'd be best if I could go with them. They won't tell anyone what the mission is about, but I could protect them and…" "Are you mad?!" She looked at him like he was insane. "You don't know anything about what they're going to do and you just wanna take off with them for God knows how long?" "Well, that's the point." He argued calmly, trying to make her see that it made sense for him to join them. "They're just kids, they didn't finish school, it's too dangerous for them…" "I think you're underestimating those three, you were their Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and you know very well what they're capable of. They're not 'just kids'." Tonks put more food in her plate, not agreeing with him. "Yes, I know, but this is Voldemort we're talking about. They're the main target of the Dark Lord and his many Death Eaters. We're dealing with powerful magic here, things they weren't prepared to deal with in school." He argued once again. Looking at his wife and, seeing she was getting annoyed, Lupin added. "In the meantime I'm there, you could be at your parents' so you won't be alone." "Wow, thanks for thinking about me." She said with irony. "Dora…" He was going to defend himself, but she interrupted him. "Are you sure that's the only reason you want to go with them? To be of protection?" She asked, a serious look in her eyes as she stared at her husband. "What do you mean?" "Well, you barely even talk to me anymore unless it's something related to the Order, you get constantly lost in your thoughts..." Tonks listed what she had noticed of Lupin's behavior lately. "You're unhappy, Remus. Ever since I told you about the baby." She affirmed. "What? No, I don't…" He began, but there was no discussing that. Tonks knew she was right. "You just go, then." She said harshly, getting up from the table and ending that discussion. They didn't talk much for the rest of the evening, Lupin clearly noticing his wife was mad at him. When he went to bed, that night, he found her already asleep and tried to do the same. However, Lupin kept turning on the bed for hours, a million thoughts in his head making it impossible for him to fall asleep. Turning on his side, he opened his eyes and looked at Nymphadora sleeping peacefully on her back, her chest slightly moving up and down as she was caught in a deep sleep. He watched the serene expression on her face, which was turned to his side next to her left hand on the pillow, locks of the long and wavy blue hair she had chosen to wear that day hanging on her cheek. He wished it could be easier. All of it. Lupin loved that woman more than anything and he wished he didn't have to leave her, that they could just have a beautiful family together and have a happy life. But they couldn't. Maybe, if the situation was different, if the wizarding world was safe and everything was normal, he was normal, maybe they could have that. It was all he ever wanted. And it wasn't a matter of choice. It hurt him to even think about leaving his wife and his child, who - he couldn't deny it - Lupin already loved so much, but he simply had to. He shouldn't have done that, Lupin shouldn't have married Tonks, he was sure of it. He did it by an act of impulse and selfishness, wanting more than anything to be with her at all times but, by doing that, he had destroyed her reputation in the wizarding community. She was now 'the woman who had married a werewolf', a joke. And he knew her parents didn't approve of that marriage. They had never said or reacted in any way, always being kind to him, but he was sure that deep down, they had wished a lot better for their daughter. And he did too. He wanted more than anything for Tonks to have the best life she could have, she deserved it. An amazing Auror and witch, a beautiful, funny and kind woman with a huge heart deserved much more than what he was giving her. And now he had condemned her life even more by giving her a cursed child with huge probability of having his lycanthropy genes. A life of moving around all the time and living on edge, without knowing what your child is capable of doing, a risk to everyone. He remembered really well how his parents had suffered to try and give him the best life he could have. Looking at Nymphadora's belly, he noticed the growing bump just above her belly button, being noticeable even under her pajama shirt. Slightly pulling the fabric away, he put his hand over her bump, carefully caressing her skin with his thumb, so he wouldn't wake her up. Even if the child wasn't a werewolf, a life with Lupin as a father wasn't something he wished to it. That innocent child deserved better than being ashamed of its own dad and that's what he was going to give them. A better life, without him. That was their best option in that moment. He had already made enough damage. Taking a deep breath, he got up, seeing it was starting to dawn, and, as silent as he could, packed a few of his stuff with flicks of his wand. Only the necessary, though. Changing into his traveling clothes, he picked up a piece of paper and wrote a note to Tonks, leaving it on her bedside table. I'm really sorry. You deserve better than this, than what I gave you. You'll be better off without me. Please, go to your parents' place, you'll be safe there. Remus Giving one last look at the peacefully sleeping Tonks, he turned his back and left.