is the meaning of this? Don't you know who I am?" he asked indignantly. Draco heard a feminine giggle before a small voice uttered " Lumos " in order to provide light to the small area. Draco blinked to adjust to the light and was promptly met by a sight of a face that was familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. "Hermione Granger?" he breathed quietly, "What on Earth are you doing here? That bastard Marriage Act is yet to be repealed. You could get yourself thrown into Azkaban or WORSE, married to me!" he snapped. She looked at him impassively for a moment before responding. "Pleasure to see you as always Malfoy…I see you've not changed. Arrogant and bossy as always. If you must know, I am simply here for a conference. Don't worry, I keep myself glamoured when in the wizarding public. No one has the faintest who I am, hilarious really," she rambled. "The Ministry will have your magic tracked…" he reasoned, shaking his head. He was shocked to hear her snort. "Don't worry about that Malfoy," she said, as though he was an idiot. He took the moments of uncomfortable silence that followed to have a quick look at her. It had been seven years since he had set eyes on her and she had changed a lot. Gone was the bushy unkempt hair, instead replaced by luscious golden brown waves cascading down past her chest. She wore a high wasted pencil skirt and a deep purple blouse, both of which he knew to be of fine quality due to the many hours he had spent shopping with witches who loved his generosity with his ever expanding Gringotts vaults. As she absentmindedly brushed some hair that had fallen into her face, he couldn't help but notice her bracelets and rings were all of equally fine quality. Her nails were manicured and when he looked to her feet he saw her heels were tall and obscenely expensive. Did Granger have money now? How? "What kind of conference?" he asked, wanting to break up the awkward silence and also to distract himself from dwelling too much on the fact that her hourglass figure and her mysterious appearance was making him feel hot under the collar. "The less you know the better Malfoy. I just pulled you back here because I happened to see you and couldn't resist my curiosity," she said earnestly. "More like an excuse to molest me between these dusty old bookshelves Granger… then again, you always did like libraries didn't you? If you wanted it you could have just asked... This is probably making you…." his lewd goading was cut off as she cast a silencing charm on him. '"Really Malfoy? We're twenty five years old now, I would have thought you could behave yourself for five minutes, but clearly not," she said in a bored tone, rolling her eyes. He shot her a threatening glare. Nobody ever silenced him when he spoke. Who the hell did she think she was? Just because she had some fancy clothes and a nice arse. The nerve of the woman! She looked away for a while, clearly thinking about what to say. He noticed her blood red lips and immaculate cheekbones. Had she always been this attractive? "I just wanted to see if you were happy… if you got to do what you wanted finally, not what you were forced into… after… you know…" she said quietly, casting her eyes up to look at him. Now a man, he towered over the petite witch. Draco softened slightly. Somehow, no matter how badly he treated this witch, she managed to be kind. Annoying little goody two shoes, he thought to himself without any malice. She waved her hand and removed the charm so he could respond. He narrowed his eyes. "Life has been good to me Granger… now, are you going to tell me how the hell you are performing magic in wizarding London without any Ministry knowledge of it?" he asked bluntly. Draco swore he saw her eyes sparkle as she responded. "Well, you were meant to be almost as bright as me in school Malfoy, I would have thought you'd have worked it out by now," she began in a familiarly haughty tone, "they never could track Voldemort or the Death Eaters could they? Why was that I wonder?" she asked, smirking. He felt her hand leave his arm abruptly as there was a sharp crack and she disappeared. As quickly as she had arrived, Hermione Granger was gone. Stunned, he became aware of his wand having returned itself to his pocket. He barely had time to register the fact that she had just alluded to the use of dark magic before he was called by a familiar voice. Hermione must have heard her coming and made a quick getaway. "Goodness Draco! I have been looking for you everywhere. Honestly! I have no idea why you come into this horrid shop with all of these dirty old books when you have a perfectly good library at home.." rambled Astoria as she pulled him along, Rudimentary Body Potions book still in hand. He kicked himself mentally for not suggesting they conceal themselves. Hermione's appearance was the most interesting thing that had happened to him in years. Against his better judgement, he would have liked to have talked to her some more. It would be two more years before he would get the chance to see her again, under entirely different circumstances all together. What has Hermione been up to all of these years? Could it be that she and Draco are going to cross paths professionally? Is she going to come back for good? What will that mean for Draco? What happened to the rest of their classmates? Is this muggle boy still in the picture? SO MANY QUESTIONS…. I may have some answers *wink* That is it for now. Let me know what you think guys!