to return to the snake den with mask intact. I'd just entered the charms corridor when light footsteps approached. Before I could slither into the shadows, she appeared. Typically, students react one of two ways when they meet a Slytherin alone in the corridor; with aggression or with fear. I was prepared for either, though how she reacted to me that day I will remember until my dying breath. That was the moment my ship crashed ashore, barreling straight into her luminescence and hurling me prone atop the proverbial rocks —" A severe coughing fit commandeered Blaise's lungs and the next twenty minutes were spent clearing his airway and wrestling his breathing under control. More potions were administered, temperatures taken, and finally, the two men were left alone once more. "Never a dull moment with you Zabini," the man said softly. It was all Blaise could do to not cringe at the pity leaking from the Auror's eyes despite the friendly smile. "Glad… to entertain." Blaise rasped dryly. "Now, as I was saying… She wasn't most people, though I'd already determined that. Upon crossing paths that night in the deserted corridor, Luna walked right up to me, sure as steel, and asked me in her soothing lilt why a Blue Tristis was hovering around my head." The man chuckled. "A Blue Tristis, those hadn't even been acknowledged by the ministry then…" "Exactly." Blaise said, "Most would have thought her off her rocker, and had I not just spent the year before observing her I might have too. Sure enough, three years later the world now acknowledges that Blue Tristis do exist… I was in a right foul mood that night and she saw what others tended to overlook. Even when her claims sounded outlandish, I didn't ridicule her or condemn her as ' slightly touched '." "S'more than most did," said the man sadly. "I just nodded and attempted to continue on. As I mentioned, I didn't want the intrinsic anchor of my house and lineage to even touch her by proxy. But she was a force unto her self. She had actually noticed me noticing her over the past year, and as I slunk by she grabbed my hand and held fast. We spent the following hours of the night walking, Luna listening to words I'd never been able to previously vocalize outside of my head." Blaise sighed. "From that moment on, she was a tangible constant. In the library, in the corridors, in the courtyard… she had the uncanny ability to infer when I'd be alone and when I'd need a shoulder or an ear. Someone I could converse with without the weight of the mask we all typically don." "She's a natural at exposing the superfluous." Nodded the man. "Over that year, as Draco continually cocked up his assignment and Potter dogged Draco's steps in his overzealous and completely obvious obsession, and Granger and Weasley provided us all with their tediously amusing dramatics, Luna and I became closer… much closer." "She never said a word," whispered the man, looking distraught and rather annoyed. "Why would she?" Asked Blaise simply. "You lot weren't the most tolerant to those outside you own, and the lines you drew didn't account for shades that fell between hard black and white. Those of us in the grey didn't stand a chance of being accepted… we were tarred with the same brush as those who you outright opposed, no quarter given." "That's not —" The man began, but stopped short at Blaise's raised eyebrow. "What? Fair? True ? Of course it is, it's just a hard potion to swallow. Viewing memories through the distorted lens of time discards truths. History is written by the victors after all, and no one likes to admit to their own fallacies and shortcomings." Silence settled in the room once more, this time heavy with friction from years of mutual distrust and recent civility. The man picked up his quill rather stiffly. "Please proceed." "Her warmth and acceptance were balms against the chaos, and it was tempting to remain here with her, as we were happy… She ultimately convinced me to leave the continent my final year. The war was ramping up, she knew as well as I that if I didn't escape Voldemort's clutches then, I never would." "So you left her behind, unprotected?" "She wasn't unprotected Longbottom, you wanker, we stayed discretely in —" A convulsing fit overcame him, one so violent, blood wrenched itself free of Blaise's mouth. His pallor leached saturation until he appeared almost translucent against the beige sheet below him, a stark contrast to his ebony hue of a day earlier. "I'd just returned when I saw her in Diagon Alley… we'd just locked eyes… and then … I thought with the war won and done months ago, we were all in the clear…"Blaise said, a tear rolling down his cheek. "We're doing our best," Neville said softly. "Well, your best didn't save her … and now it's killing me." Tilting his head toward the photo propped beside the potions vial on the bedside table, Blaise said quietly through heavily labored breaths, "Please… Longbottom… tell the healers that the two pain potions… when taken together, actually negate the effects of the other… since I also couldn't save Luna, I don't want my death to be completely in vain." "Wait! You don't know ?!" Neville asked incredulously, straightening. "Know… what?" Neville closed his book quietly, the parchment with Blaise's statement written upon it now for Luna's eyes instead of his own case file. "You did save her Zabini! The curse that's killing you… Your spell intercepted it and changed its course, unfortunately, onto yourself. Yours, I'm pleased to say, took down the Death Eater responsible." "She's… alive?" Blaise croaked, tears falling freely. "She's unconscious, an echo of the curse still transferred, but yes, she's alive." Blaise's last breath expelled through lips frozen in smile, while the woman in the photograph began to weep.