in New York harbor, When they surround our troops, They surround our troops, When they surround our troops…. And we're getting to boring, James inwardly grumbled. Honestly, if this was the song Lily picked for him, he wasn't seeing the appeal. As a kid in the Caribbean I wished for a war, I knew that I was poor I knew it was the only way to RISE UP If they tell my story, I am either going to die on the battlefield in glory or RISE UP…. Why am I getting a serious Uncle Oliver vibe right now? James chuckled to himself, taking a quick look at the clock to make sure he was still good on time. But seriously, he could almost imagine his godfather saying the words that were being sung. I will fight for this land But there's only one man Who can give us a command so we can RISE UP Understand? It's the only way to— RISE UP! RISE UP! Here he comes! Okay, now it's getting interesting, James perked up as the tempo picked up and the beat seemed to change. Here comes the General! Ladies and gentlemen, Here comes the General! The moment you've been waiting for! Here comes the General! The pride of Mount Vernon… Ugh! Seriously, did this general really come from a place that shared the same name as Great-uncle Vernon? I feel sorry for the place, James thought, shuddering a bit as the thought of his Great-Uncle passed through his mind. Here comes the General! George Washington! We are outgunned What? Outmanned What? Outnumbered Outplanned, Buck, buck, buck, buck, buck! We gotta make an all out stand Ayo, I'm gonna need a right-hand man. James shut his eyes and began to relax as the song progressed. 0000 "James, it's time to wake up," Ginny shook her son awake a couple hours later. James groaned as he woke up, his neck stiff from having it rest on his headboard. Looking down, James blinked as he saw that the two lines that had appeared when the music was playing was now back to the triangle button. "Sorry mum," James gave her a half smile. Ginny shook her head. "Bet with your sister?" she asked. "How—" "I'm the youngest of seven, James," Ginny said as she walked out of the room. "I know when people do things they don't normally do, it's either because they're trying to impress someone or they lost a bet." James stared at the doorway his mum walked out of and then shook his head. Nothing seemed to get past his parents. Jumping off the bed, James looked at the odd music device once more. It was strange, but now that he'd heard a bit of the music, he wanted to hear more of it. Maybe he'd ask his dad for one of the strange music devices for his birthday. "So, how was it?" Lily's voice echoed from the doorway and James almost jumped out of his skin. "Merlin, we need to put a bell on you!" he exclaimed, turning to face his little sister. "Sorry," Lily giggled. "But dad says we're leaving for the Burrow now so you're to get your butt downstairs." "Did he say that last part?" "It's dad," Lily said, turning her back on her elder brother. "What do you think?" James shook his head in amusement and followed his baby sister downstairs where the family was waiting by the Floo powder. "I hate Floo powder," James heard Lily mutter as she grabbed her handful from the flowerpot. "Me too. Just once I'd like to make it without breaking my glasses," James muttered back to her and chuckled as she flushed; clearly not expecting a response. The five of them quickly made their way through the flames, where James thought himself very mature at not laughing at his dad's stumble out of the fireplace. His uncle Ron, however, had no such control. "Defeat the darkest of wizards, can't manage to exit a Floo without falling," Ron chuckled before coming over to help Harry up. "Happy Birthday mate." "Thanks Ron," Harry nodded and James quickly broke away to find Fred or Louis. Lily had found Hugo and the two of them were off in a corner somewhere. Well, that's what he thought anyway. What else could explain Lily's sudden disappearance? "Madame Hamilton!" "Monsuier Lafayette!" Oh wait, there she was. Palling around with Louis, off to the side where the grownups couldn't find them. "Louis!" James called. "James!" his cousin looked up and grinned. "Did you get them?" "Oh merlin! Is that all you're going to talk about? At least Quidditch was somewhat interesting!" Lily griped and James smirked. "Yeah, seeing as you're thinking of going out for the team," he teased and Louis shot her a shocked yet excited look. "Lily! That's great!" he exclaimed. "You'd be a great addition to the Gryffindor team. I didn't even know you played Quidditch." "Louis, I don't even know if I'll get on the team," Lily stated. "Whoever's captain might not want not want me on the team." James rolled his eyes. "Well, I want you on the team—and it's the whole team's vote. Not just the captain. Besides, where would I be without my right hand witch?" Lily froze and began to turn around. James had never seen his sister's eyes shine with such excitement before. "YOU DID LISTEN TO IT!" "Merlin Lily!" James rubbed his ears, aware of everyone staring at them. "Not so loud!" Over the din of all the party guests, he somehow heard his aunt Angelina sigh. "How'd she manage to ensnare another one?!" Lily, though, hadn't noticed as she was hunting down Hugo for their little gathering. Hopefully, James thought as he watched his little sister drag her cousin into their little circle, the rest of the family would get on board the Hamilton train. It honestly wasn't that bad-and he really needed to listen to the rest of that song again!