closer his circles became to the edge of her suit bottoms. She squirmed in acute anticipation. He was so close – so close to where she needed him to be. Her body thrummed with need. With heat, with desire. And all of it was directed at the two wizards currently treating her to the most exquisite caresses; who up until a week prior she had never fully entertained thoughts about; romantic, sexual or otherwise. How things had shifted! George reached his hands inside her suit top, running his thumbs over her bare nipples as Fred's index finger stroked along the centre of her bottoms, straight between her thighs – then working his fingers under the band to stroke her directly. So close, she was so close! She let out a sound she was sure she'd never uttered before – past the point of caring what she looked like or how she sounded. George was working magic on her breasts, his mouth on her neck and Fred – oh how she didn't want his fingers to ever stop his exploring! Then, just as George bit down hard on her pulse point below her ear and Fred's thumb ghosted over her most sensitive nub, she felt a sensation – like a powerful sneeze – overtake her. Squeezing her eyes shut against the new pressure, she felt the sneeze-like sensation again – her head jerking forward momentarily, though the force she felt pressing behind her sinuses didn't manifest. Opening her eyes, Hermione realized many things, rather quickly. She was alone. The water was now tepid, and the bubbles had all but dissolved. There were no Fred or George, and no indication they'd been there at all. She was still naked, and no suit was anywhere in sight. And the daydream had, in fact, worked –boy had it ever! She could still feel her body's response to the twins' attentions in her dream. She let out a frustrated, thwarted cry – Bloody hell was she turned on! – more than she'd ever been before. And now she was left to her own devices – which, compared to how talented Fred and George were – according to her subconscious anyway – she found herself sorely disappointed. As her body continued to hum, however; with no indication that anything but full release would suffice, Hermione realized that she really would need to take care of this herself before she headed back the common room! ' What a bloody brilliant piece of magic' , she repeated to herself, after she took matters into her own hands, bringing herself down from her mountainous build-up of need. The transition between reality and her subconscious had been so seamless, so fluid, that she was in awe of their magical talents. She really had misjudged them academically before now, much to her chagrin. She was also extremely thankful for the twins suggesting she try her first "Daydream charm" somewhere comfortable and private. She couldn't imagine how humiliated she would have been had this occurred in front of Ron and Harry – or even worse – in class ! She shuddered at the possibility. Then she realized something that gave her immediate pause, something her mind had repressed until it felt she was ready to acknowledge it – she was attracted to not only one , but to both men – she wanted them both – when did that happen? And, more importantly – what was she going to do with this newfound information? She knew the twins were anticipating a review, and from their behaviour when they sold her the product, she hoped they'd be receptive to her response. But, oh honestly, how could she let on that they were the featured stars of her experience? That she was so blown away because of their presence in her sub-conscious foray that she had experienced one of the best orgasms of her life – just at the thought of being with the two of them? Now that her brain had engaged in contemplating this new attraction from all angles, Hermione realized with dread that the mutual attraction felt in the dream was just that – a dream. ' What if they don't feel the same way as I do for them?' she thought, her earlier confidence receding into her typical, self-conscious thought pattern. 'Or, what if only ONE likes me and the other DOESN'T…. or, even WORSE, what if they both do, but don't want to share…?' Hermione's mind started to thud and ache at how complicated could this get. Her body was fully sated, but her brain now vibrated with anxiety, confusion and hope. Knowing she needed to head back, so as not to arouse suspicion or questions from Ron and Harry, Hermione decided she'd sleep on this whole conundrum and decide how to proceed the following day after a good night's rest. 0-xxx-000-xxx-0 Sleep that night was nigh impossible – Hermione tossed and turned, her body still reliving the deliciousness of the dream while her mind went over all possible outcomes and ramifications. Blearily, Hermione made out the hour on the ancient grandfather clock in the corner of the girls dorm. Well, she thought, 'Dream me did say she'd deal with the consequences later… I guess now's later… I need to send them a letter…' A resigned sigh escaped her mouth as she pulled herself out of bed, readying herself for the inevitable trip to the owlery. But first, the common room. She had a letter to write and that was the best place to do it. ' They aren't going to know what hit them,' she thought a bit later, envisioning Fred and George's reactions to the letter she had just finished writing. She felt a bit proud knowing that she – bookish, rule-abiding, prefect that she was – would be knocking them sideways with her very words. 0-xxx-000-xxx-0 A/N: Thank you for reading! Hope you enjoyed Hermione's little daydream detour... Up next, her letter to the twins ;)