He's just doing it because I'm Ron's younger sister, and he thinks I'm likely to tell Ron, which would make Ron lash out him and get him into trouble." She fiddled with her hair nervously as Harry still looked murderous. She wished now that she hadn't told him and she asked shyly, "Harry...you can't tell anyone ok? Please promise me you won't?" Harry sighed and nodded, "Fine, but if it happens again Ginny, you tell me straight away ok?" She nodded and smiled shyly, "Deal! Thanks Harry!" and she hurried off to her dormitory. Once she was in her bedroom, Ginny turned to her diary to recall the evening's events and ask for some much needed advice. The diary told her that it wasn't a good idea to talk to Harry about such inconsequential details, and that Harry wouldn't care if Draco Malfoy was harassing her. According to the diary, being a second year, Harry had more important things on his mind than her trivial affairs. The diary had suggested that she rely solely on its help for everything. She didn't need Harry at all. She hadn't expected such a harsh response. The diary was usually kind and understanding and she had come to rely on it a lot for moral support. Such a harsh response didn't seem so characteristic of the diary at all. Time moved on, but it felt like something was missing. There seemed to be gaps between periods where she couldn't remember what she had done! And she didn't want to tell anyone in case they thought she was mad, so instead she took to the diary more and more, hoping it wouldn't be so judgemental of her. It was its kind, usual self and said that it would always be here for Ginny, especially when she felt like no-one else was, which turned out to be quite often these days. Ginny suddenly woke up, stared around in a panic stricken way and realised immediately where she was! In the chamber of secrets! Harry was holding a bleeding arm in front of her and she sat up and gasped at the sight, "Harry! Your arm!" Ginny exclaimed worriedly. He shook his head and replied, "It doesn't matter. Ginny, get yourself out . Follow the chamber, and you'll find Ron." She watched Fawks descend and Harry said sadly to the Phoenix, "You were brilliant Fawks, I just wasn't quick enough." Fawks dripped tears of healing power onto Harry's injured arm and Harry looked at her with a brilliant smile, "Of course! Phoenix tears have healing powers! Thanks!" he said to Fawks. Then he turned to her, "It's alright Ginny. It's over, it's just a memory." Ginny stood awkwardly and helped him slowly to his feet. She stared at him morbidly and whispered mostly to herself, "I can't believe I did this." Harry turned sharply then as Ginny stared at the dead Basilisk which stretched for miles within the chamber. Harry shook his head and turned her to face him as she stared at the ground, "No Ginny, you didn't do this, Tom Riddle did." Ginny nodded but couldn't seem to accept anything he said. Then silent tears fell down her eyes and understanding hit her, "D...Harry...you didn't kill the Basilisk did you?" Harry smiled sheepishly as they began walking down the chamber and whispered, "Well if I hadn't, it would have killed you." Ginny shook her head in dismay and replied, "You probably should have let it kill me instead." Then she swallowed and realized what she had said. Harry's eyes widened and he responded slowly, "Ginny...don't you ever say that. This isn't your fault ." Ginny shrugged her shoulders and avoided his green gaze, "Believe what you want Harry." Harry pulled her to a stop with his stronger hand and forced her to look at him as he said loudly, "Ginny, you cannot think liked that. I don't know what that diary has told you, but you can't believe it Ginny. They were all lies!" Ginny bit her lip and retorted, "Except for the part about how pathetic I am for..." she stopped mid sentence and then realized who she was talking to. She had been about to say, 'For fawning over you when you show no interest,' and then scolded herself for thinking out loud. Harry was looking at her curiously, "For what? I'm sure whatever the diary told you was rubbish." Ginny shook her head, "No, Riddle got one thing right." Harry sighed, realizing that he wasn't going to win this argument with her. When they reached Ron further along in the chamber, he flew his arms around her the minute she climbed through the rock mountain and he clung to her tightly. Eventually she murmured, "Ron, I can't breathe," and he let her go immediately. She saw small tears fall down his nose as he whispered, "Oh Ginny, I thought we had lost you. Really I had. I'm never letting you out of my sight again!" Ginny rolled her eyes and smiled, "That's virtually impossible Ronald, but if you say so." Then when he had made certain she was OK, he hugged Harry and whispered, "Thanks mate, for saving her life." Harry smiled bleakly and replied, "I would have done it for any of you." Wow, way to make a girl not feel so special, Ginny thought bitterly to herself. Then she scolded herself for even thinking such thoughts when the boy had just saved her life-her own personal knight in shining armor! She couldn't help but blush at the thought as they walked with Lockhart to Dumbledore's office and Harry and Ron filled her in on what had happened in her absence. When Harry finished, Ginny shook her head in wonder. She even giggled and said, "I swear you're the Boy Who Has A Billion Lives." Harry chuckled halfheartedly, and then they had reached the stone Phoenix which lead to the office as Harry replied, "Believe me Ginny, I wish I wasn't."