mom is a Potion Master and a paranoid one, she always had a backup if something bad going to happen," well in that case, who is he to refuse the gift. "Thanks," "Make sure you give it to our leader," "I will," XxxxXxxxXxxxX Seamus watch with alarm as Harry fall down on the ground, looking like he is having a seizure. He tries to reach him, but the students who watch the Weasley twin's fireworks keep push him to the back. By the time he got there, Harry, Ron and Hermione are no longer there. He let out strings of curses that cause most of the students look at him with shocked. He completely ignore all of them before runs back inside the Hogwarts and find a seclude place before pull out the map. His eyes narrow as he watches the dots moving slowly moving toward Umbridge office. He quickly folds the map and runs as fast as he can to the Gryffindor Common and the dorm. The trio are going to do something reckless. He kicks his trunk open and grab the utility belt and boots before throw it on the bed. Something that going to get them into deep trouble. He crouches over the bed, quickly grabbing the present he get at Christmas. Dumbledore won't help them, knowing Umbridge, that bitch probably going to use dirty tactics on them. He quickly wears the utility belt, boot and fills the pouch with his presents and his school robes. He checks himself in the mirror to make sure the belt properly cover before going out. This is going to be blast! XxxxXxxxXxxxX Hidden by the stairs, Seamus watch silently as Umbridge walks away with Harry and Hermione. He once again opens the map and show how many people inside Umbridge office. Ron, Ginny, Luna, Neville and Draco with his half brain goons. He sighs before settle down, he can go in and help them out but he knows they can handle those idiots by themselves. XxxxXxxxXxxxX "Ron! Neville!" "Seamus! Did you see where Harry and Hermione go?" "Yes, this way! Let's go," XxxxXxxxXxxxX "Whoahh... that quite heartless coming from you Harry," "She deserves it..." "Yeah.. I know, wonder what the centaurs will do with her," "Beats me.." XxxxXxxxXxxxX "Ministry of Magic?" "Yes," "We're going to break into Ministry of Magic," "Yes. Got a problem with that?" "Yup, when we're going?" "Now," XxxxXxxxXxxxX "Hold on..." "What's now Seamus?!" "Stop growling at me Harry... just hear me out, five second only," "Fine, four second now," "Fine... When I said INCOMING, close your eyes as close as you could, all of you. Understand?" "YES," "Good... let's go now," XxxxXxxxXxxxX Turns out Sirius Black been torture was a fluke after all. They had been ambush by senior Death Eaters and end up running away. But not before completely destroy the Hall of Prophecy. Still it is impossible to outrun a professional Death Eaters. Seamus growls at the Death Eater as he been drag into the Chamber with stone dais in the centre. He looks around and saw all of them had been capture and be held at wand point by the Death Eater. He looks at the center and watch Malfoy Senior stand in front of Harry with a smug and arrogant look on his face. He tries to move before the Death Eater (he will call him the Troll) pushes the wand point harder at his throat. Seamus can't help but roll his eyes at the Troll. The Troll doesn't even bother to search or stun him. Oh well... lucky him then. With a little movement, Seamus grabs his belt buckle and pulls out the knife. Grips it tightly, he raise the knife before shove it into Troll thigh and twist it, just like his Dad teach him. Troll howls painfully and release him to hold his thigh but not before Seamus bash his face with the back of his head. Disoriented, the man staggers a few steps behind. Seamus took that opportunity to grab the silver cylinder from his belt, pull out the pin and throw up into the air as hard as he could. All of them look at the item even Troll, Harry and Hermione eyes widen in shock and look at him questionably. He grins at them. "INCOMING!" BANG! "ARGHHH! MY EYES!" "ARGHH!" Seamus grins never falter as he grabs Troll who in turn tries to choke him blindly; he hits him with another silver cylinder repeatedly until the Troll unconscious. It takes him a while to recover, but when he can see properly he saw all of Death Eaters are down and a group of Aurors already round them up. XxxxXxxxXxxxX "I can't believe you use a flash bomb!" "It's a present from my dad," "What kind of Dad gives you weapons as a present?" "The best and the insane one," "..." "..." "Hey, I never claim my dad was normal anyway," "Still... flash bomb," "Yeah I know, it was blast isn't it," "You're crazy," "Say the guy who breaks into the DOM with a no plans," "..." "He got you there Harry," "Shut up Ron," "Well... let hope this will be the last time you break into any building," "You just jinx it Seamus," "Neville...," "Harry probably tries to break into Gringotts," "Ginny..." "Hmm... and succeed too," "Not you too Luna," "If you break into it, make sure to check if the rumors about the dragons are true," "I HATE ALL OF YOU," "Yeah... love you too Harry," XxxxXxxxXxxxX "Welcome home son," "Good to be home, hey dad," "So anything fun happen at Hogwarts this time?" "Ah dad... I had so much fun with your present," "Really? Details son, detail," The plot bunny come from watching Deathly Hollow clip on Youtube. The "Proclivity for Pyrotechnics" make me wondering where the hell he got the love of explosion come from. And I suddenly remember that his dad was Muggle and ta-da! the plot bunny was born. Please Review!