She felt her heart squeeze and fall through her feet. "Madeleine," he replied simply, looking at her with an emotion in his eyes that had her heart thumping; it was one she was familiar with, and one she knew the meaning of, but one that had never been said out loud. She smiled in response, and they held each other's gaze for a moment; then he turned away. "What if it's a boy?" she called out before he had a chance to apparate. He turned to face her, an enigmatic smirk on his face. "It's not," he denied easily. With a twist and a pop he was gone, and she was left alone in the cool night air, placing a hand on her stomach as she looked up to the stars and dared to hope. oooo So many were dead. But more of them were alive – more than she had expected. Voldemort was dead. He would come back in a few years, as he had before – they had not destroyed all of his horcruxes – but for now he was gone, and his vile group of followers had scattered like roaches, all sense of unity lost now that their leader was no more. They would reunite, yes, and the war would begin again, but for now…for now, it was over. She sighed in relief as her comrades and friends began to pop back in, bedraggled and bloodied and exhausted, cradling broken bones and sporting tattered clothes. She smiled fondly as Ron pouted, holding the two pieces of his broken wand in his hand, staring at them forlornly. Remus kissed Tonks, and Harry knelt by Ginny's bedside, smoothing her vibrant red hair back at the temples. George had Fred in a tight embrace, and both wept over their fallen older brother, Bill, whose still body was laid out on the sandy lawn outside, looked down upon by his parents and a weeping Fleur. Charlie sat in a chair in the corner, his t-shirt torn, drinking firewhisky from the bottle. Sirius stood on the front porch with a dazed Neville, squeezing his shoulder in comfort as Luna's body was levitated to lie in between Dean and Flitwick. Padma was kneeling on the sand next to her sister, watching in horror as two Healers and Minerva tried to keep Parvati alive; when her twin took her last shuddering breath, choking up blood, Padma wailed and rested her head on her dead sister's stomach, closing her eyes as wretched sobs wracked her body. Moody's crumpled form lay off to the side, hidden by shadows and undisturbed. What was left of Lee Jordan was burnt beyond recognition, and Lavender Brown's face, once so beautiful, had been clawed down the middle. Hermione was a patient woman; so she waited, pacing through the house and around the yard, until the sun broke over the eastern horizon. She heard laughter from inside, heard glasses clinking together. Anxiety clawing in her belly, she stepped inside. People turned to look at her. She caught Harry's eye, and he looked away quickly. "Have you seen Malfoy, Harry?" she asked nervously, her hand automatically going to her stomach. "He hasn't come back, and I just thought maybe you saw him…" She trailed off lamely. The room had gone quiet. Harry would not meet her eyes. No one would meet her eyes, actually. She looked around frantically. "Where is he?" she asked shakily, her voice breaking. "What happened?" When no one spoke, she exploded. "ANSWER ME!" she screamed, tears now pouring down her face. Finally Sirius stood up from his seat at the kitchen table, stepping forward with drink in hand. His eyes were grim, his mouth set in a hard line. "His cover was blown," he said gently, meeting her gaze. His grey eyes vaguely reminded her of his cousin's; of her lover's. "I saw him dueling Bellatrix, but…" He cleared his throat. "I'm sorry, Hermione, I don't know what to tell you. I didn't see what happened to him." Numbness overtook her, spreading throughout her weak body. Her normally bright eyes, glittering with intelligence and life, shone dully from beneath eyelashes weighed down with salty tears. For the first time in years, her whirring mind came to an abrupt stop. "Didn't see," she asked softly, "or didn't care?" Sirius looked away. Remus was frowning, staring at the hand on her stomach. Harry's eyes were far away, haunted by the memory of another place and time. "Hermione," Remus said slowly. "Are you…?" She stared at him in the eye for a long moment, knowing the confirmation he sought, but she did not dignify him with a response. Her heart was shriveling within her chest. Turning on her heel, she walked through the house and out the front door, disapparating on the spot and leaving the guilty consciousnesses of her friends behind. The door to Number 12 Grimmauld Place was unlocked; the house was quiet and dark. Walking down the dusty hallway to the kitchen she pulled open the liquor cabinet, stared at the half-finished bottle of Ogden's on the shelf – and then closed it regretfully, rubbing her stomach with the heel of her palm. In lieu of whiskey, she made herself a cup of hot tea. She took the bottle of firewhisky from the cabinet anyway and set it down on the dining room table with a glass. Pulling her hair back, she sat tiredly, slumping down in the wooden chair as she sipped her Earl Grey. She stared through the open doorway of the kitchen and into the hallway, looking directly at the front door. If he were going to come back to her, he would come looking for her here. And so Hermione Granger sat, alone, at the table where she'd fallen in love, and thought about all the things she wished she'd said to the complex, beautiful man who she may never see again. And there she waited, waited, waited… …with insomnia her only company. Fin