his mouth to say something, but quickly shut it again. The argument with Snape wasn't worth it, for once. Harry sat down in one of the chairs that had been tucked neatly under the mahogany table. His eyes scanning the room, before they rested on her. "Who are you?" he asked with curiosity. He couldn't understand why anyone in their right mind would want to be trapped in a locked room with Snape, but he was skeptical of her appearance. He had never seen her before, and that worried him. Paranoia set in. What if this woman was here to hurt him? To trick him? To— "My name is Ariana Nikiforov. It's a pleasure to meet you, Harry." She got up from her chair, and held out a pale hand for him to shake, but when he didn't make a move she withdrew it quickly as if nothing had happened. "I believe you probably know my daughter. She transferred here from Ilvermorny. Her name is Maria Ravenswood." Harry's eyes lit up slightly at the mention of Maria's name. She had hit the jackpot. Maybe this would at least get him to open up alittle, and talk to her. She knew Maria had tried out for the Gryffindor Qudditch team. She had played back at Ilvermony, instead of playing Quodpot, which happened to be the most popular wizarding sport in America for some odd reason. Perhaps he would talk to her without that look of mistrust plastered across his face. She supposed it was better than the sadness that had shone across it earlier. "She tried out for the Gryffindor Qudditch Team as a chaser." Harry knew exactly who she was. He had watched Maria try out for the team he was now captain of. He has been impressed with her skills. She was far better than any of the other chasers that had tried out, and was better than the ones that were already on them. Harry had been thankful that his team had gotten some talent. Maybe they still had a shot at the cup this year. "She's a brilliant chaser…" "She played at Ilvermony too. She must have gotten her Qudditch skills from me." She said with a sly grin, "I played back in my day at Hogwarts." "What house?" "Slytherin. You must have inherited your father's skills. He was magnificent on the field. It was always hard to trick him, and get the quaffle away." Ariana closed her eyes and thought back to her time at Hogwarts flying on a broom at the Qudditch pitch, quaffle under her arm, dodging bludgers… "You knew my father?" "Not really. We were in the same year, but we were in completely different circles…" She looked over at Snape who was busy pretending he was reading the parchment that laid in front of him. Some spy…she thought to herself. His eyes weren't even moving. "He was a fantastic chaser though. Even though we never really liked each other, or even knew each other well. We still practiced together sometimes in secret. Sirius always over watched us. I guess he thought I was going to curse James into oblivion or something." She said with a slight laugh. Severus looked over at her questionably, even he hadn't known that Ariana had spent some nights alone with his mortal enemies. This was news to him, and he couldn't help but feel slightly betrayed by her secrecy. When had she had the time to sneak off with them anyway? How close had they gotten? She said she wasn't close with James, but had not said the same for Sirius. He had spied to the two in dark corners together, and occasionally coming out of the Forbidden Forest, but he always figured she was threatening him for bullying him. Could there had been something more between the two? Harry opened his mouth to ask more questions, but the tapestry across the room turned gold, and let in a pack of Weasleys followed by the majority of the Order. Harry closed his mouth, distracted by everyone, and by McGonagall and Molly who were busy scolding the Weasley twins. The twins must have held everyone up with their usual antics, but everyone deserved a good laugh. —Especially in these dark times. Ariana gave Harry a smile, before mouthing "we'll talk later," and turning toward where Severus sat in the back, gliding her way back to him. She settles herself beside him, she could see a bit of anger and confusion in his eyes. She knew he'd probably start trying to probe her mind to find a weakness in the walls there, but she was an Occulmens, and a Legilimens just like he was. She locked eyes with Mad-Eye for a split second, his eyes were about to bulge out of his head. She kept her hand on the handle of her wand. Ready to draw it at the sign of a fight. She knew Mad-Eye would not want her there. Another Death Eater in the Order Ranks. She was someone that he couldn't trust, and someone he would never trust, no matter how much she proved herself to him. "Let the games begin," she whispered to Severus as the last of the Order filled in the room. She averted her eyes from Dante, and kept the glued to Dumbledore, who had taken his place at the head of the table, ready to start the meeting. Ariana reached down, and grabbed Severus' hand, and held it tightly for reassurance. Ariana knew this was going to be rough, especially with Dante here, his eyes boring into her, as if he wanted to set her on fire. She had too many secrets…too many dark secrets that might be exposed by her attending this meeting, and by her joining the Order. But she wanted to make a difference. She wanted to stop this war. –To stop the Dark Lord, and this was the only way she knew how, by completely exposing herself.