be curious about her. "Why do you keep an apartment here?" he asked, genuinely interested. She appeared to pick up on his sincerity and rewarded it with a serious answer. "To get away from everything," she said flatly. He really had never noticed how lovely her almond shaped eyes were. He always thought blue eyes to be the most beautiful but he made an exception for her. Her brown eyes seemed to have depth in them that went on forever. Her eyes complimented her blood red lips, which were succulent and kissable. He dragged his eyes away from them and continued to question her. "What is everything?" he asked, taking another step closer to her. "The constant media attention since the war. My job. Even Harry and Ron can be a bit much sometimes," she confessed. "Plus, I know you wouldn't understand but… being muggle born – this is my world as much as the wizarding world is yours… coming here is like going home and getting to be myself," she finished. She seemed unsure of why she was being so truthful. "So this is a vacation from your life?" he asked frankly. "Sometimes I think Hogwarts, the war, my job at the Ministry… I feel like all of that is not really my life. That this world, the muggle word, is mine. Other times, I feel like I am a stranger here and it's not really my life at all. I think perhaps my truth is that somehow I live in the in-between," her honest response slipping out quite involuntarily. He noticed her flush, widen her eyes and bite her lip, seemingly shocked at her own candor. She looked beautiful out there, shivering in the moonlight. When he went outside he was expecting to be immediately put off by her terrible personality. How wrong he had been . He always thought that she would be boring, bossy, bookish, holier-than-thou and a range of other negative impressions he had got from their years at school. But they weren't at school anymore. It was refreshing to hear her admit that she had doubts. That she was not the perfect Gryffindor Princess people thought he to be. That he had thought her to be 30 minutes prior. He wondered if her brilliant mind was whirring at the same rate, thinking the same kinds of things. Wondering why he was taking an interest in her life. Wondering if he was playing a game with her, it certainly would be in line with the guy she had come to know him as. Was she curious about him in the way he was curious about her? He couldn't help but run his eyes across her figure hungrily. Shamelessly. There was no way she didn't see the way he looked at her. He was a Malfoy after all. Malfoy's always go after what they want – with no shame about it. He saw no need to look away. He didn't care if it made her uncomfortable. He wanted her to know what he wanted to do with her. The impact those damn jeans had on him. Rather than recoiling or shivering under his gaze she met his eyes defiantly – inside, he felt himself burn like the sun. They continued their staring contest, even as the heavens opened and the London rain began to fall. Neither willing to give up the challenge, they continued their relentless observation of each other. He noticed her shiver, her exposed skin now covered in droplets of freezing rain. His inner gentleman won out and he removed his jacket and wrapped it around her. He couldn't well stare at her until she had hypothermia. "I should go home soon," she said softly. "Yeah, it's getting late," he concurred, devastated that she would soon be gone. "You know you can come with me," she said carefully, not wanting to make a fool of herself. He was Malfoy after all, the Prince of Slytherin. He seemed genuine but she knew he could have an ulterior motive or an angle. That he could be waiting to humiliate her. Who knew with him? Her offer hung in the chilled night air. "Yes please," he said, masking the unadulterated delight he felt at her offer. His intense gaze settled on her blood red lips. Oh, how he longed to reach out and touch them. How good they would look stained with her own blood from the bite he was desperate to give them. He stepped forward, their bodies almost flush against each other now. He was well aware she tensed at his sudden entry into her personal space. He reached his hand around under the jacket and placed his hand gently on the small of her back, feeling the exposed flesh between the waist of her jeans and the thin top she wore. The curve made him groan internally. She was dangerous in that outfit. He began to guide her back into the club and towards the exit, feeling a mass of nerves grow in his stomach as the realization dawned on him that he was soon going to have her alone. A smirk graced his lips as he considered his luck, of all the grotty muggle clubs to lower himself to he came to Granger's local hideaway. The Gods really had smiled on him tonight. Finally he would get his release with a witch worthy of his attention. From the corner of his eye Theo Nott noticed Draco Malfoy leaving with Hermione Granger, his hand placed possessively on the small of her back. Her body was clad in his expensive jacket. Of course he had known she would be there. She was the perfect specimen for his friend. Boy needed a push in the right direction , he smiled to himself. "You're a good mate Nott," yelled Zabini in his ear. "I would have taken her for myself," he said with a wicked glint in his eye. Theo smirked at his successful, albeit manipulative matchmaking.