Sirius Black falsely." "And what makes you say that?" It was sharptooth who spoke. "For one he went through magical means and did the Godfather oath which means he wouldn't be able to do anything to hurt her and he went through blood adoption which means the same." Amelia gasped slightly. "We need to fix this." "Yes. You do. I expect my godfather released and fully pardoned and compensated no later than noon tomorrow. Realize that I am good friends with the Malfoy family and both the Malfoy family and houses of Potter, Black, Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin will bring their full weight to bear upon the Ministry if that does not happen." Amelia just nodded and apparated away. Amber smiled brightly at the goblins and plopped into a seat, waving Draco into another who took it nervously. "So…my ladyship papers?" The goblins both started laughing uproariously. She knew how to play these people like a fiddle! Amber and Draco fell through the fireplace, him dragging her to the floor with him as he fell. She huffed and got back up. "Never take a lady down with you!" "Yes ma'am." A musical laugh filtered into the air around them and Amber looked up to meet the eyes of a woman who had to be his mother. "Narcissa Malfoy, dear. Draco, I like her." Draco rolled his eyes good naturedly and got to his feet. "Are Blaise and Luna here?" "In the lounge, dear." Narcissa turned from her son and, with a quick order to an elf to bring her things to a bedroom, wrapped an arm around her shoulders and began walking her to the lounge leaving Draco with no choice other than to follow. Amber looked at the three people that were in the lounge as they entered. One was Draco's father again whom he had told he was named Lucius. There was a boy and girl whom she assumed to be this Blaise and Luna. They both stood as they entered and Amber went directly to Blaise, offering her hand knuckles up. "Amber Potter Black Hufflepuff Ravenclaw Gryffindor Slytherin." From behind her, Draco laughed and Narcissa and Lucius both smirked. Blaise bowed slightly in respect and grazed her knuckles with a kiss. Then she went and greeted Luna, kissing both cheeks. Draco had run her through proper pureblood introductions. "We should all get to know each other a little better," Blaise said as soon as the two adults left the room. "I'll start. My name is Blaise Adrian Zabini. I'm eleven and Italian in blood. I will be a Slytherin at Hogwarts and look forward to seeing this engagement through to the end to see how it all ends up." Luna stood. "My name is Luna Selene Lovegood. I live near the Weasleys. My father is never home as he is always looking for creatures that don't exist. The Weasley children call me Loony Lovegood because I make them believe that I believe in the creatures too. I'm ten years old and I'm excited to be going to Hogwarts a year sooner. I want to be in whatever house you three end up in." Draco smiled at her as she sat down. "My name is Draco Lucius Malfoy, eleven years old, future Slytherin. My name means Dragon and my family is originally descended through the Blacks. Sirius would be my mother's cousin." Amber stood, the last to speak. "My name is Amber Juniper Rose Potter. Today I found out I was related to and took Ladyship of Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. I found out I own the school we will be soon attending. I was raised by my muggle relatives and I absolutely hate my uncle. My aunt isn't bad when she's not near him. I am extremely interested in potions and the Dark Arts." The four looked appraisingly at each other as Lucius and Narcissa stepped into the lounge once more. "I see four future Slytherins. Two of you have shopped and two have not. This means another trip to the alley is in order. I'm not even going to ask why a snake, owl, AND cat and assume it was Amber who did it. I also assume she can get her snake off of my waist because it's very weird" Lucius stared at her. "Also, Luna and Blaise will also be staying here for the forseeable future." "No problem Mr. Malfoy. What is your name, beautiful one?" " Azura." " Then Azura, can you please remove yourself from my…mate's father?" " Yes mistress." Azura slid immediately down and over to the four children and she curled up on Luna's lap who was nearest the fire. "Better, Mr. Malfoy?" "You're a parselmouth?" "Uh, yes?" "Of course you are." Lucius started mumbled to himself while his wife and the four kids all just started laughing. Narcissa finally called another house elf when she calmed down. "Dobby, show the other three to their rooms. They are by Draco." The house elf nodded and the four kids stood up and Narcissa kissed the cheek of each one. "Breakfast is at seven, we will leave for the Alley at nine." The four kids all nodded and followed the elf upstairs and said their goodnights to each other. As Amber laid down for the night, she smiled to herself. She would never be beaten by her uncle again. It was a lot better than any dream she had ever had. Azura was under the blankets on one side of her, stealing her body heat. On the other side was her cat, whom she had name Starlight and sitting perched on the headboard was Hedwig the owl. AN: One chapter down, hoping to get another one out soon. However, my internet will be turned off in the near future and I'm not quite sure how long it will take for me to get it back on. Please don't give up hope, I will be working on it as quickly as possible!