books she had read, she knew she could take up the head of her family as the last in the line. Technically she could also do a lot of other stuff after she did that. Like magic. She could marry too, not that she had any plans on doing something like that just yet. Or even any time in the future. She couldn't see herself as someone's wife when she had never even dated. The goblin nodded to her and led her down a long hallway. She followed silently. He led her to a door and knocked before entering. A second later he was showing her in. She nodded a polite thanks before entering and crossing the room. "Nicola Potter. May your gold always flow and enemies drop at your feet bloodied by your sword." She saw the shock on the goblin's face immediately and smirked. That's right. I've done my research quite well. "I am Ragnock, Miss Potter. May your gold flow free and your enemies tremble in fear of your name." She smiled politely and sat in one of the chairs before his desk. "Thank you. I know I'm set to inherit the Potter Estate and can take up the head of the family now that I have turned fifteen. I would also like an inheritance test." Ragnock nodded and was already pulling out a bowl for her test. He offered her a dagger and she wasted no time in slicing her hand open and holding it so her blood went into the bowl. It only took two minutes before he lay a parchment into the bowl and it soaked up the blood. He lifted it back out and handed it to her once the blood was completely soaked up. Name: Nicola Violet Potter Parents: James Charlus Potter (deceased) and Lillian Marie Evans (deceased) Godfather: Sirius Black (blood adoption) Inheritances: Potter Black (blood adoption) Slytherin (conquest) Gryffindor Ravenclaw Hufflepuff Le Fey Blocks: Mind Magics (100%) Parseltongue (50%) Magical Power (75%) Multi-animagus (100%) Dark magic (100%) Nicola sat there gaping for a moment. "Can you remove these blocks?" She asked, handing him the parchment. Ragnock read through it quickly, his eyes steadily growing wider and wider. At the end he just nodded slowly. She was back in her room at the cauldron four hours later. The blocks had been removed and the goblins had even gotten the horcrux, she was later told what that was, out of her scar, causing said scar to start healing. Apparently now that the thing wasn't in there it would heal-just a bit slowly. Nicola had decided she needed a break and lunch before doing the shopping she had planned on. The goblins had set her up quite nicely with a blood keyed bag for taking money out and a gringotts card for the muggle world. She grinned at Hedwig as she held out a letter for her owl. "Feel like visiting Ced, girl?" Hedwig hooted, took the letter in her beak and flew out the window. Nicola knew it wouldn't take long. It only took two hours from Surrey for her to go and return and now she was a lot closer to where he lived. She smiled and ordered lunch so she could eat while she waited for a return letter. Hedwig flew back into the open window and deposited a letter nearly in Nicola's lap. Nicola smiled and ripped it open. Nicola Violet Potter! Uh oh. There's no "Dearest" or "Nic." I've upset him….somehow. How could you leave your horrible relatives and not come here first thing! Well…yeah that would upset him. Ooops. You have until dinnertime to sort out whatever you're doing before I come and drag you back through the floo myself. On a lighter note, mum and dad are happy to have you for the rest of the summer if you like. Personally I think they're at least partially in the mood to stick it to Dumb-as-a-door that you chose us over the stupid bird watching club. On a side note, Sirius and Remus are also totally allowed to visit you here. Luna and Neville are here. Luna came yesterday, going on in her usual cryptic manner…you know I have no idea what she's saying half the time. Anyways, she made Neville come and told us three to pack. Something about a manor and better wards. She said you would know what she's talking about. In any event, Neville's grandmother pulled his parents from St. Mungo's and they and Luna's dad are holed up in "someplace safe". Whatever that means. Therefore, we are packed and ready to go whenever you get that lazy hot bum of yours here. Hurry it up cause I was serious about the dragging you through the floo bit. And you know I will do it if I have to. Stay safe. Love, Ced. Awwwwww. "Hedwig, fly back to Ced and stay there. Hang on." She shrunk Hedwig's cage and her trunk and stuffed both in an envelope, addressing it to Ced. "Take this with you please." Hedwig hooted, took the envelope once more in her beak and then was gone. Nicola headed downstairs, settled her bill with Tom, applied a few glamour charms and was back in the alley in record time. Cedric had his arms wrapped around her before she even fully left the fireplace. He was quite effectively cutting off her air. "C-Ced. Air!" He chuckled and put her down lightly on her feet but still held her. "I was so worried!" "You literally only knew I wasn't where I was supposed to be for a few hours." He hugged me tighter. "I was worried before that." I rolled my eyes but finally relaxed into his embrace. AN: I don't usually write with Cedric involved. This will be a first for me so I admit to finding myself curious as to how it will go. However, I have high hopes considering this chapter was over 3000 words. Yay me! Kitten xo