not enter you into an arrangement. The golden color is what we are looking for." He looked up at Hermione, "Miss Granger, you next." Hermione nodded and held out her hand. She also hissed out of surprise as the incision took to her palm and several drops of bright red blood pooled at the cut. "Now yours should be the same golden color." Mister Stebbins instructed. She tipped her hand over the parchment and the blood soaked into it. A bright blue hue began to shine from the parchment and Mister Stebbins looked confused as the words began to form on it: Name: Lyra Capri LeStrange Parents and Familial Blood Houses: Rodolphus LeStrange of House LeStrange and Bellatrix LeStrange of House Black Blood Status: Pureblood Arrangement Status: Pre-arranged; September 19th, 1979 Binding Status: Pre-arranged; September 19th, 1979 Marital Status: Bonding in process. Must be completed by twenty fifth name day of youngest bonder. House to be Bonded to: Thorfinn Rowle of House Rowle Hermione paled immediately, looked over at Ron's shocked blue eyes and fainted straight away. Ron just stared at the parchment as the bright blue hue began to disappear and he continued to look at the bright red letters where Hermione Granger should be and instead saw the name of a stranger. OoOoOoO "'Mione, 'Mione, come on wake up," Hermione could hear Ron's voice far off. Further in the distance, she heard a Pop! Hermione began to open her eyes, her vision blurred. Hermione followed Ron's voice and focused on him, he looked concerned. Hermione frowned, why was he upset? "Missy Lyra, Missy Lyra! Oh I knew it just had to be you that called for Cheeks! Oh how I've missed my Missy Lyra!" A little elf with the biggest cheeks Hermione had ever seen was standing next to Hermione's head. "I'm sorry," Hermione said confused, "What did you call me? My name is Hermione, Hermione Granger." The little elf shook her head excited, "No Missy, you are Missy Lyra! I knowz it, I felt your magic call me. I haven't felt my Missy since I left you…" The little elf's big eyes began to tear and she wailed, grabbing hold of Hermione's jumper and shrilly talking into Hermione's chest. "I left you! I didn't want to, I tried to disobey, I loved you so much! But My Missy told me to keep you safe and I have to do it! I had to keep my Missy safe when Missy Bella and Master Roddy did not come home. Cheeks is so sorry, Missy Lyra, forgive me!" Hermione awkwardly patted the little elf on the back, "Um… it's ok… Cheeks? Is that your name? It's okay, please stop crying. Who did you say you belong… YOU'RE THE LESTRANGE ELF?!" Hermione began to pant, not getting enough air down into her lungs, she was on the verge of passing out again when Ron yelled at her to snap out of it. Focusing on Ron, she began to breathe in time with him, while Kingsley yelled at someone to get her a calming draught. Before the assistant moved, Cheeks had popped in and out returning with one. Hermione, refused to take it, Cheeks, narrowing her big elf eyes, "Missy Lyra, you drink this down now or I will bind you. You need this calming draught." "Hermione take the draught." Ron agreed, Hermione stared at him like he grew a second head. "Elves cannot poison you. She says she is your elf, she seems to know you, take the draught so we can figure out what is going on." Mumbling something about if she died, she was going to haunt him forever, she drank the blue potion, feeling immediate relief and the ability to breathe again. Cheeks smiled at her, happy that her Missy was okay. "Ron," Hermione whispered, holding his hand. "Ron, what is going on? What does this mean? My parents never told me I was adopted." Tears formed in her eyes, "What are we going to do, I mean, this is crazy! Can it be some sort of mistake?" Ron looked at the women he loved sadly, he wanted to tell her they would be okay, they would figure it out and get married anyway, but he knew they couldn't; at least not the next week. Kingsley had already sent orders to the wedding planner to hold all plans for now. He had also forbid the reporter and photographer from releasing anything they witnessed today, punishment resulting in a stay in Azkaban for as long as was in his power as Minister, to inflict. "No, Hermione, there is no way this can be a mistake," Ron whispered, rubbing the back of her hand, trying to soothe her. "I don't know what we are going to do, but I do know we can't get married next week." Hermione pulled her hand away, her breathing becoming erratic again, "You don't want to marry me because of who may or may not be my family?" This could not be happening to her. Ron gave her a small smile, "No, that is not what I meant. I don't care who your family is, you could be the love child of Voldy himself and I still wouldn't care. We can't marry because you are betrothed." Hermione stared at him not understanding. "You are bonded to another wizard. Since your birth from what I can see. That can't be a bond easily broken." "Ron, Thorfinn Rowle is in Azkaban!" Hermione argued, "I can't be expected to marry him, he's incarcerated. There has to be a loophole. I will find it. We will get married next week." Looking over at Mister Stebbins and Kingsley, "What do I have to do to get this bond broken?" Mister Stebbins mentioned something about talking to her parents and Hermione paled. She would have to go to Azkaban… to see her parents… The LeStranges… Bellatrix, who tortured her at Draco's home, was her mother. That would be a cozy reunion.