across the alley. Beside it stood a scrawny young man who looked to be about Astrid's own age. He was shouting at a busty and smirking older woman who had her own cart in its upright position. "You set that right!" he was saying. "That's my property, it is! I'll sue you for damages!" "Oh, you will, will you?" the woman replied. "I told you, you're in my spot. You need a permit to park 'ere! You need a permit to sell 'ere! So you can clean up your own stuff and move out of my way." "Look at you, then! You're so high and mighty." He began to circle the woman, flapping his arms in an exaggerated manner like a bird. When he spoke again, he had lifted his voice to an absurd pitch, mocking her. "I own the alley! Look at me, everyone! No one come near me! I can't stand the competition!" Astrid giggled and instinctively threw her hand across her mouth, though no one would have spotted her from her window above. Shaking her head, she stepped back and pocketed her wand before grabbing her handbag and a large notebook and going to the door. She kept a hand on the rail as she descended the uneven stairs leading from her flat to the street below. "It's not my mess," the woman was saying. "I'm not cleaning it up!" "Well, you made it!" said the young man. "Oy! Keep it down!" came a new voice. Astrid looked up to see an angry man in a nightshirt leaning out of an upstairs window. "Some of us are still trying to sleep!" Astrid approached the woman, who smirked again at the other vendor, and ordered a gillywater and a pumpkin juice. As she fished for the correct change, a law enforcement official approached to ask about the disturbance. The woman hurried through the exchange with Astrid, apparently eager to tell her side of it, and Astrid left them to it, heading down the street in the direction of the Daily Prophet . She stopped on the stoop, taking a swig of pumpkin juice and a deep breath. "This is it," she muttered before turning the handle. "Time to show them all what you're made of." The world inside the Daily Prophet was in stark contrast to that outside in the alley. Employees who appeared to have been awake for hours bustled about in a frenzy, bumping into each other in their haste to arrive wherever they were going. Paper airplanes whizzed by her head, reminding her of visits to the Ministry of Magic to visit her father. She could hear the steady hum of a printing press, and then a low blast from a distant wand caused her to jump. Astrid shrank into her clothes, trying to make herself appear smaller, although no one seemed to have noticed her. She wasn't quite sure what to do or even who to ask for directions. She had met with the editor only briefly before and knew how very busy he must be; it would be improper and downright embarrassing to go to him for help. A tall, thin woman with her face buried in a piece of parchment bumped into her. "Watch it!" the woman said in an irritated tone. "Sorry," Astrid said instinctively. The woman hurried on without acknowledging her again. "Astrid?" came a male voice from behind her. Filled with relief at having been spotted, she flung around. "Adrian!" she said, recognizing an old school chum. Adrian had been a few years ahead of her, but she had seen a great deal of him in the Slug Club. "I heard you were starting today! Old Sluggy came through for you, did he?" "Yes, he was very helpful. I wouldn't be here without him." "Who will you be working with?" "I'm...not entirely sure." Astrid flushed. "Oh!" Adrian looked confused. "Well...come and meet me on your break if you'd like. No sense going out alone, times like these. I sit over there." He pointed to a vague spot in the middle row of desks. "Right. Thanks. See you," said Astrid, already peering around again for anyone else who might recognize her. She stood for another minute until a woman resembling a pin-up star from the 1950s approached. This woman wore high heels and bright red lipstick, and kept her platinum-blonde hair short and curly. A heavyset man carrying a camera followed closely behind her. "Miss Featherlight?" the woman said. "Featherley," Astrid replied, "but Astrid is fine." "Quite." The woman held out her hand. "Rita Skeeter, Gossip Correspondent." Astrid reached out to shake her hand; Rita had a very stiff handshake. "You'll be working under me. This is Bozo," she said, jerking her thumb toward the photographer. Astrid shook hands with Bozo, who held on just a fraction of a second too long and stared into her eyes in a way that seemed somehow invasive. "Hello," she said. "I'll show you where you can place your belongings," Rita said, walking briskly to a desk in the far corner of the room. "Quickly, quickly! We have very little time before the day's first interview." She pointed at an empty desk. "This will be your desk. No one will disturb your things. And...," and here she peered around as though seeking something. The desk was bare but for some abandoned, impersonal office supplies, but amongst the clutter, Rita spied an ugly paperweight shaped like a fat black rat and smiled, scooping it up. "Ah," she said. She held the rat in one hand and produced a wand with the other. " Scriptorio ," she said, pointing the wand at the rat. Astrid watched as shiny gold lettering reading 'Astrid Featherly' appeared across the side of the rat. "There's actually another 'e' in Feath-," she began, but Rita interrupted, setting the makeshift nameplate atop Astrid's new desk with a clunk . "No time, no time," Rita said. "We'll get you a new one later."