reeked of sex. Who cared? Yes, he had climaxed at least once, she was certain. The hotel's reception night clerk was the start of bad omens. "Yes, you have one message, to Mr. Potter?" Harry read it quickly, crumbled it, and threw it in a waste basket. Whatever was written, started sobering up the one BOY-that-was-randy very fast, but he kept his mouth shut, he knew no to ruin the best night of his life. It was the sudden sickness that destroyed any chances she might have had. It started at the lift ride, the pull at the start, made Hermione want to die. Holding her mouth, kept nodding her head to Harry who kept trying to get in her pants, all she wanted was to run and throw up. The night could have been hers, if not for the liquor. Hermione should've known better, mixing drinks never agreed with her. And instead of monkey sex, her night was spent back at her own room holding a waste basket, not being able to locate the sobriety potion. It could have been the sushi, or was it the nachos, or the empanadas? Or the mojitos, cosmopolitans, and long island ice teas. Go figure, she only had a couple of each. Next day was, "Don't cry for me Argentina" at Broadway, which Hermione was dying to see. She was singing all the songs softly, making Harry chuckle more than once. They held hands all evening, you know the dark. He even wiped her tears, whispering thenprophetic, "Don't cry for me, Hermoine," and he smiled. He nuzzled her neck hoping for a replay of the night before. The entire day he had been playing with her hair, holding her hand, but keeping a little distance. This was the big chance. But maybe there was some truth in omens and divination; his words would become reality sooner than she could have ever expected. They went to a cozy Mexican restaurant right off Broadway, and after two gold tequila margaritas premium, they were feeding each other bites, and their knees would touch. They were debating about dancing, but the mix of the food and tequila, made Hermione reconsider. She decided to go back to their hotel to "talk about their plans". Which really meant, not more playing, let's do it. Tonight she was wearing very skinny silk and wool stretch pants, with a wide belt scripted with runs, and a buckle made out of half of a horse shoe, flattened and enameled in a crystalline colour, a fitted mid hip matching jacket with a leather collar matching the belt, clingy old rose low cut silk top, flat shoes, and leather and stone jewelry. She looked amazing; he knew that, he could see many heads turning, a feat in a city so full of beautiful, nice dressed people. In the taxi to the hotel, once again Harry's inhibitions had lowered, tequila and darkness, a deadly combo. He sat glued to Hermione. He grabbed her leg and threw it over him while rubbing it, close to the juncture of her thighs. He kept imagining those breasts all night. He could see her nipples through her thin bra, at the restaurant, could not wait to feel them once again. He also remembered her sweet juices, but looking at her trousers, he knew it was not to be. At the hotel, yeah, he could wait, but her little hand, yes, oh Merlin. The ride was longer than last night, he had figured at least 30 minutes. One arm snaked around her shoulders, and brought her head to rest on his chest. His hand went under her shawl, and his fingers leisurely touched and massaged her nipples, that felt as round pebbles. He slowly grabbed her hand and urged her her pull his zipper down; he hissed softly when she reached in for him. She played with him the entire ride, oh yes, indeed. His eyes stayed closed until they arrived. Her pants were white, and she wondered if they would appear wet since pressed against her, and she wished for a shawl. She pulled her hand out when they approached the hotel and also pulled up his zipper. He held her hand and kissed it with great tenderness, "Thanks, love, in a minute I want more than my fingers inside you, a payback with interest. I can barely wait," he whispered, his voice hoarse and sexy. Ginny and Ron were in England, and he was right here with her. Something was changing, and he liked it, all of his bits liked it. The message had said in three to four days, and he was afraid of Hermione's reaction. He was desperate to be inside of her, his body was all want and need. We could see her face as he entered her, gods, he was about to push her against a wall. Tonight he didn't care about anyone else, his eyes had opened; he could see her crystal clear, and damn them all, she would be his tonight. Arriving at the hotel, they stopped at the lobby for messages, about their travel. They waited for news for a change in plan to leave first thing in the morning. Harry, knowing bad news would arrive if they didn't leave. So he had proposed for a change of plans. He was getting smarter, maybe? "Ah, Mr. Potter, yes, here is something with your new travel arrangements; they were brought by courier early. Ah, someone is waiting for you at the sitting room to the left of the elevators. I have here, a note, he read it aloud, Your Friends, SURPRISE!" His heart nearly came out his mouth...BUGGER, he wanted to run. At this Hermione's hopes went down the drain, she had a feeling of doom spreading from her head right down her toes. And judging by Harry's now greenish complexion she was right. "Harry, Mimi, SURPRISE". Four ginger heads turned towards them, Molly, Arthur, Ron and Ginny. Hermione fainted. A/N Oops.