he removed his fingers and lathered his cock with lube. "You ready?" he asked, lining up. Harry nodded eagerly. Draco smiled and smoothly slid in. He stayed still once he was halfway in for a bit, allowing Harry to get used to the fullness he was now feeling. When Harry tried rocking his hips further back, Draco continued in until he was all the way in. He again paused until Harry groaned. "If you don't hurry up, I will flip us over and take over." Draco chuckled and started moving. Harry gripped the bed sheets and tried holding in moans. He didn't want to make too much noise and alert the Malfoy's he was there. Even though he knew the most threatening member was dead (Bellatrix) he also knew Lucius wouldn't be happy. But he knew he would have to speak to Narcissa. Thank her for lying to Voldemort for him. But anyway, that wasn't important right now. What was important was the young Malfoy pounding into him. "Harder, please," he whimpered. Draco was all too happy to comply. He started pounding into him at full throttle. "Let me know if I'm going too hard, though." Harry nodded. He was panting. Both boys could feel them getting closer to climax. Even though he didn't need it, Draco reached under Harry and started jerking him off. Harry arched his back, sticking his ass further out and gave Draco more room to move his hand. When Harry finally couldn't hold on any longer, he let go and came all over Draco's bed under him. Draco wasn't far behind him and came all in Harry's ass. They both fell, Draco lying on Harry's back and Harry lying in the puddle of cum. They laid there until they had recovered and when Draco removed from Harry's ass, Harry turned over so he was facing him. "That was great!" Harry exclaimed. "Thank-you for teaching me." Draco smiled. "I just can't believe I took the great Harry Potter's virginity! That's something Ginny Weasley can no longer claim." "I'm glad I waited. I'm glad I was too busy to even think of doing anything like that until tonight." Draco leant down and kissed Harry again. "Anyway, I think we should clean you up. You go into my bathroom while I change the sheets. I'll be in there very soon." Harry nodded, gave Draco one more kiss before doing as he was told. The bathroom was pretty big. Well, as far as ensuites go. It had everything in it. Shower, bath, toilet, basin. Before he could finish looking around, Draco was in there. He definitely used magic to change the sheets. Why bother doing things manually if you could use magic for them? "You like?" Draco asked a smile on his lips. "As far as bathrooms go, this is pretty good." "Pfft. Of course it's good. It's a Malfoy bathroom. Anyway, I do believe someone needs some cleaning." The two of them got into the shower and they both cleaned away the only physical evidence of the earlier events. They would never forget it though and even though neither of them said it, they definitely wanted to do it again. Half an hour later, they got out, dried each other and then walked back to Draco's freshly made bed and got into it. "Are you sure it would be okay for me to stay? I know your parents don't like me." "I don't think my mum has much of a problem with you, and she's really the only one I care about." Harry nodded and cuddled up to him. They spent the night cuddled up to each other and talking quietly. Harry must've turned over in the night because when he woke Draco was spooning him. He awoke with a headache and a fuzzy memory. When he opened his eyes, he immediately didn't recognise the room. It was weird, because he was used to the tent. The walls being made of material. The bed being low to the ground. Not having a body pressed up to his. It took him a few moments to realize he was naked and on top of that, so was the other body. He tried thinking back to the night before. He remembered the one drink he was supposed to have, turned into more. He remembered Ron and Hermione ditching him to spend time together. He remembered looking for something to do. What fun was sleep when you were drunk? He then thought harder. Who was the body behind him? He didn't want to turn over and look in case he woke them. He looked down at the arms wrapped around him. The hands holding his. They didn't look that familiar. And they also didn't look like a female. They looked manly. Judging by the room, this person was well off. Who did he know that was wealthy? Well, there was Malfoy. It wasn't his room, was it? No, it couldn't be, could it? Just then the body behind him moved. He was squeezed harder and a face was nuzzled between his face and shoulder. "Morning," a voice he recognised cooed. It was Malfoy! This should have repulsed him. What he had done while he was drunk, but it had the opposite effect. He suddenly remembered everything he did last night. He remembered and smiled. "Good morning." He turned around to face Draco and kissed him. It was a different feeling when he was sober, but he liked it. "How'd you sleep?" "Oh great. Especially since you were here. I'm glad you're not repulsed now you're sober." "Well, it came as a surprise when I woke up. I didn't know where I was and who was behind me. I didn't want to turn around and find out in case I woke you up. But now I remember everything that happened last night and I don't mind. Really. In fact, I'm glad everything happened." Draco smiled. "We'll have to do it again, soon." "Definitely."