thrown him to the dementors. His Dad was pointing out that they could just not kick down suspected Death Eater's doors and the two of them were soon at it. "Max" Jexica said from where she was buttering her toast. "Argue after we've seen Theo off" Jexica Reynolds was universally viewed by James's family and most of the wizarding world as fucking terrifying. Theo for the most part was engaged with Teddy once again speculating weather Teddy getting the head boy badge this year was part of an elaborate ruse of Professor McGonagall's to get him to accept responsibly for a prank they had done last year which had ended up with Hogwarts accidently being set on fire. James ignored this entire conversation and tucked into his toast and the hash potatoes, the bacon, eggs, sausage, beans, black pudding, mushrooms and tomatoes that had been magicked onto the table. When Molly Weasley cooked for many, she cooked for many. They flooed their way to the London Underground by stopping at the Leaky Cauldron on the way. The group consisted of Teddy and his four friends, Victoire and Molly, James, Freddie and their friends and their parents, Max, Jexica, Sean, Dean and Seamus who said their goodbyes at the pub in order to get to work before the chaos of both the bank and the ministry got too much. Alina pulled on her dark hair. She had plated two strands of it but most of it was hanging lose and she was wearing her new robes almost before they had left the station. With their trunks and James's owl, Nix, Nikki's cat, Tab, Alina's cat Almond, Charlie's two cats Eran, and Amon and Freddie and Aidan's owls, Socks and Rixon respectively not to mention the strange plant that Frank was carrying they made quite the sight to the muggles. That was without counting on Theo's owl and Victorie's owl as well not to mention the three broomsticks. But James didn't care about that, he cared that they were going to Hogwarts. The train was still scarlet and gleaming. The last time James had been here he had been sending Teddy off last year for his sixth year not that James suspected his godbrother remembered that. Teddy's sixth year had been what he called his rebel year following the stress of his OWLS. Now he was going on it with his friends, once they went to Hogwarts all doors were open. He gripped the wand in his coat pocket they had gotten from Diagon Alley a week previously. It was thirteen inches dogwood with unicorn hair and was bumpy like his fathers but of a lighter wood. Nikki was already on the train, Freddie allowed his mother to kiss him and his father to clap a hand on his shoulder and then was following, Charlie helped Frank with his man-eating plant and then he and Aidan loaded their trunks. Teddy had allowed his grandmother to kiss him and had hugged James's Dad and then disappeared into the crowd of students with his friends. James took this moment to turn to his father. "You will write, won't you?" "Oh, as much as you want, every day if you like." his mother said smoothing down his dark hair, James didn't know why because it never lay flat it stuck up just like his father's. "Oh, not every day" James said hurriedly "Teddy says it's undignified if a man gets more than three letters a month from his family." Both his father and Max Rankin who had known Teddy since he was five and had a son who had also been a first year once both snorted in unison. "Really" his father said raising an eyebrow so his scar was covered by his hair. "Because if I remember correctly I wrote to Teddy three times a week in his first year" James made a mental note to kill his godbrother the second that he saw him at Hogwarts when the train whistle blew. Alina who had finally finished saying goodbye to her father stuck her head out the nearest window. "Frogspawn" she said without warning "Get on the train otherwise it's going to go without you" James hugged his mother and his Dad again and then hopped on the train after them. "I'm writing in the next week" he shouted over his shoulder. His Dad waved in response smiling in that soft way he reserved for his children, him, Albus and Lily who were probably now in the Ice Cream Parlour in Diagon Alley ordering post September 1st chocolate-nut-fudge sundaes. It was kind of sad really, he would never get to be that kid anymore. Now he was a student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He was James Sirius Potter. James sat back onto the seat as the train began to move and his mum an dad became tiny specks and the nothing at all. Frank was still playing with his plant, Charlie and Aidan had begun a game of Exploding Snap, Freddie meanwhile had opened his bag and was now checking that all off the brand-new merchandise that he had been given (by Uncle George) to try out at Hogwarts and to give a monthly review based on chaos that transpired and Alina who pulled out her copy of Hogwarts, A History. He sat back and watched as London turned to the green fields of the countryside and stretched his legs out so they hit the table his combat boots resting on it. He was going to Hogwarts. Maybe he'd do what his Dad couldn't do, what his Dad didn't have. Maybe he'd have a quiet year at Hogwarts. Yeah, and let me know what you think. Next Chapter-(if you guys want)-There is another point of view, James and his friends are sorted, their is a new teacher but not for Defence Against the Dark Arts, a delegation is coming and Teddy Lupin pulls of the welcoming pranks to end all pranks.