as far as my life is concerned; otherwise, I got in plenty of trouble as you well know. You know what? I will do it, I can always divorce him." She smiled triumphantly. Both looked concerned, "Hermione, you forgot, there is no divorce for us, only if a spouse is not loyal, or the marriage was forced; if you do it, you would lose your wand," Ron told her. While he waited, he wrestled with his thoughts. He was already resigned to the idea, but a part of him, the hidden one that would always love her and miss her, was total opposed. Notwithstanding, Lucius had already told Lydia that it was Hermione or nobody else, and if she couldn't brokerage the contract, he would find someone that could. Ron had no doubt that he would. He knew that Lucius was still dark, powerful, and dangerous. Hermione was already his; it was a fact. He had gone to plenty parties with Liddy's crowd, and had attended many outings with his former enemies, and now understood that Malfoy was their uncrowned ruler. They spoke of him reverently. His tragedies and sorrows were felt by all; hell, Lydia wasn't any different. He had been mad at Lydia for her ill thought scheme; they had been fighting for days, and the last hour had been a nightmare; he had nearly walked out, for good, hell with the wand. He remembered, "You like it, of course; let's face it, you grew up in a Death Eater's home, where Lucius' name was revered, and I've heard your acquaintances plenty of times. He is your uncrowned Prince; why, he even has Muggle tittles, I am not deaf. You have a picture of his family over our mantle, you and everyone of your friends. I imagine, no, I know that you are proud to have found his bloody majesty a bride. But to sacrifice our true heroine, our princess to him, how could you, maybe it is true, that you used our friendship to get to her?" He had truly regretted marrying Liddy since she had told him about her "coup." "So you still see me as a Death Eater? I did it because that is my job, and I truly think that he cares for her. All right, I think he is special, and yes, he is. His family were and are the most powerful and richest of all of us, since ever, read our history. I never denied it … never mind, you knew who I was. Or is it that you never got over her, and I was second best?" He was so angry that he hadn't answered for a while. Sadly, although he loved Lydia, there was more than a grain of truth, Hermione was…hmm, whatever, but not for him; besides he was happy with his wife and child. Hermione was…well…best put away forever; otherwise the pain would damage him and a chance for a good, happy life. He'd been an imbecile, his own doing. Ermi woke up crying. The cries of his child made him back up. He had acquiesced, and he had made peace with his wife, his life and his future, mostly anyway, as much as he could ever have. It'd always hurt once in a while, it was a fact of life. Didn't everyone have something to hide? Even his dad; when he was eight or nine, he had caught his dad crying, not crying, more like sobbing, while looking at old pictures that he put away behind a box. He saw them later, pictures at Hogwarts of a young couple in love; a young Arthur kissing the young witch's cheek, kissing Bellatrix Black. And after the battle, after taking care of Fred, he had picked up her body. Ron had spied, his father was sobbing when he closed her eyes. So there, life wasn't perfect. Maybe he was wrong, maybe they could have fought Lucius, but why not let it go? Lucius was going to get his wishes, so might as well that Lydia was the broker. His friends, his parents, and all his siblings, were already mad at both, so much that they hadn't been invited to a dinner party at Harry's, two nights ago. The gossip rags, worldwide, agreed that Ron had not only married a Death Eater but turned into one. His shop was deserted these days because of the gossip about Hermione, and how Ron's wife had gotten Lucius and Hermione together, as a favor to their uncrowned prince. Harry had yelled at him, "What is wrong with you? He is the most dangerous of all wizards alive. He is rumored to have secret powers beyond Voldie's. We are lucky that he hasn't tried to lead another movement, he is rich and powerful, and he could do it. He is revered by all those jerks. Did you know many have his portrait in their homes? Wait you have one, better said, your wife has one. He only has to say the word and they'll follow him like sheep. Is it the money? I'll give you half of mine, today, so just stop this, tell your Death Eater wife to drop him. How could you allow it? Or is this revenge because she wouldn't have you?" Harry was an ass; hadn't Harry ntold him to cool it with Hermione? Harry'd confronted him when he found out that he was with Hermione, the fucking traitor. "No, she is mine, so let her go gently." He had cooled it, and it had been heart wrenching, and true enough, he'd lost her; and to date Harry hadn't made a move. 'Harry the damaged' always twisted the truth to suit him; always deciding that he owned Hermione. Gods, what a bloody mess. "Ah, I see." She was quiet. A/N so? We will see if this story is too your liking. It was too mine. Let me hear from you. By the way, I decided to give Ron a break.