with one hand, and with the other he pointed the knife to keep her sisters at bay. They ran to get their parents. With great speed, sensing that his time was short, he chopped a piece of her robe, right close to her neck. Her neck smelled of marzipan, one of his favorite sweets, also of some other fantastic fragrances, and of a rich heady aroma, a little like blood. Lastly, he kissed her ear and realized what he really wanted to do. He lashed his strangely sharp teeth onto her, sinking them just at the base of her ear, barely touching her neck. He wanted just a taste of her. Hopefully, it'd not leave a mark that would later mar her beauty. The ear sounded a safe place, it was just a little of her neck. No, it was a little corner of the ear and mostly her neck. He went a little crazy and bit her with all his might. A stream{{ of her blood flew into his lips, it was delicious, and he drank it with relish. He licked any blood left around the ear and her neck. Darn, he had done a lot of damage; he had actually dug a big hole right on her neck and damaged part of her ear. There was blood all over both of their clothes. Andy had fainted at the sight. As he licked the bite, it started to heal, the wounds disappearing on contact. That was unexpected, a bonus, no way, the blood on their robes was all gone, and he felt joyous. How? He still didn't know to this day. It must have been part a result of the magic made to protect his kind. The elders just Apparated, and found Narcissa sitting on the floor crying. Andy sat by her in an attempt to console her. Bella was Bella; she was relating her own version. Lucius stoically stood by his father; however, all his insides were churning. He wasn't repentant, only annoyed to have been caught. He still wanted to take the girl home, but knew better than to ask and to stay quiet. The message in his father's eyes and his mother knotted eyebrows, was loud and clear, "Stay quiet or we will kill you." However, with no evidence of blood, no visible wounds, plus he had hidden the hair quite well, and the scissors had restored the cloth, who could say if he were guilty as accused. Hence without any evidence, they had to let it go. The Black parents were mad at the girls for lying. Druella was less convinced, but there was little that she could do. Besides Cygnus wanted the union; he wasn't a good father and could care less if something had happened. The girls were just a material commodity, one to be bartered and traded. The contract was going to be signed, and that was all he cared about it. The House of Black needed the Malfoys' fortune, and that was that. Abraxas knew better, and was looking at Lucius with wonder and apprehension; hence, he insisted they left for home immediately. The Malfoys were glad to leave; well not Lucius, who would have preferred to stay there with Cissy. His father was quite upset, and his mother would not look at him for days, she thought Lucius had sprouted horns. His great grandfather, Serpens, came to see his father the night of the incident. He stopped by Lucius' room on his way out. The miscreant had been sent to eat in his room for one fortnight. Serpens hugged and kissed the young wizard. "Your grandfather Octan would've laughed at your antics today. You'd have made him proud. One day your father will tell you, it is his choice, I cannot do it. Everything will be fine; something tells me you have taken care of the situation on your own." Lucius still thought that it was too bad he had never met Octan; he had died before he was born. He did ask a few days later to go back, he wanted to approach the subject of bringing her home; however, his father's look told him that it was better to let sleeping dogs lie. This was when Lucius made a decision; he was smarter than the Black girls and would back out, he was too young. He had tasted heaven and was ready for more, all true but he could wait. He did not quite understand what had happened, or whatever it was that had made it possible and right. A few days after, his father made the marriage contract without saying another word. Cissy had refused to come down for the small celebration afterwards. The Dark Lord and several wizards from the inner circle attended. Bellatrix had played the piano and Andromeda the violin. Cissy finally came and also played; but, never, not once she looked towards him. Once it finished, she left once again. Actually all the girls had been sent out, and he left with his mother a few minutes later. Cissy was still a bit put off when reminded of 'the day.' She would, however, laugh when he teased her about her early love for Rodolphus. Invariably, in between kisses, she would tell him that after that day there was only Lucius in her heart. How the night the contract was signed, she was hiding behind a curtain, where she stayed looking at him the entire time. Lucius was never at ease whenever the Lestrange brothers were around Cissy. She might have put it behind, they hadn't, a fact that was always obvious to him. He didn't like any males getting too intimate with his mate. She never failed to smile when she saw how the tall, powerful wizard glared with great distrust at the two brothers. Years later, their bond with Cissa would be their salvation, and their intervention would be the ruin of their worse enemy. Next: A Malfoy Tale of the Mate-Kind