friendly, they got along well. Or they used to get along, until now. His mouth was twisted in a rictus, he was seething in anger, disgust. She swallowed rather loudly. She had told Draco she was quitting today, and he had booked them a trip for the next five days. She told him that she would meet him for lunch, to tell him how it went; before he paid for the trip. She didn't want Mr. Malfoy mad at her. They had made so much progress, than in a week, they were planning to go to the abandoned building, of the Center for Alchemy Studies. The center was now located in a small island. And, honestly, she had asked for something, but not with the intent of making him so angry; and she could see him where he sat. Lucius sat with the glass on his left hand, and the letter opener stabbing the expensive wood, damaging the priceless blade, an original 16th Century beauty. Yes, he was mad at her. "What I meant to say is that I wasn't sure of what I was doing, or if I wanted to resign." She was tapping her foot on the floor. Lucius stood up in one swift move. "Well until you are sure," he pointed his index finger, a long flame burst out his finger, and carbonized the scroll. She had seen actual fire come out his finger, was that even possible? She did a double take, he didn't acknowledge it. "Mr. Malfoy you have no right to burn my resignation, I had it authenticated at my solicitor, at Mr. Nott; and how did you do the finger thing?" He waved his hand dismissively, it was none of her business. Now to answer her argument. "But I do have the right, we are in the midst of finding the manuscript of the The Three Rules for Perfect Magic, and I cannot do this alone." He sat back on his desk. She thought they were looking for something else, the three rules; they didn't exist or did they? His great aunt, must have used them to transfigure all the copper and brass into pure gold. "Now, go home and pack. I changed my mind, the trip we had planned in two weeks, has changed. We are leaving tonight, after dinner. You go and inform Draco. Bring your cat and Axel will take care of him. Bring clothes for day wear, and formal for the evenings. We will be gone for around six to eight weeks. " She stood there rooted. He kept stabbing the desk, not friendly, and looking at her as if she were on the execution stand. "You cannot make me stay, I promised Draco." "What did you promise him? And my dear Miss Granger what would your friends, and your dear Draco will think of you, when you have to spend a season in Azkaban for a breach of contract?" His elbows were on the desk and his face rested on his hands, while the fingers tapped on his check in annoyance. His hair was starting to fly around his face. "You wouldn't, the engagement party is in two weeks." Her eyes filled with tears. "Try me. Before you came I had already invested fifteen months in this project and getting nowhere; and now, we work perfectly. Thus, I won't tolerate your personal problems destroy my efforts, or should I say our efforts. And be forewarned, don't try to influence me with Draco, albeit he is my heir, he doesn't rule my life. When I hired you I explained my reservations. Not about your talent or ability to do the work; I know my son, and his wanting to control you." He stopped, and again wandless, "Accio, Granger, Interview, dated…" "Mr. Malfoy, " she heard her voice, he had recorded their meeting. He would never change; he had made a record of the interview without letting her now. "You don't need to worry and can count on me. I will never let my personal relationship with your son become an issue." She was irate after listening. "It is illegal to record without advising me first." He ignored her, as if I care about rules, pifff. "Besides you signed a five year contract, you should have read it more carefully. Be back in two hours sharp. Let Draco know whatever plans you have with him are cancelled. You can use the Floo connected right into his office. My former office, but that could also change in seconds; if he is out to destroy my research, I am not above taking his place away from him." Draco She did just that, threw the Floo powder in anger and was in Draco's office. Where was Draco, she smoothed her dress. The one he had asked her to wear. She heard noises in his dressing room where he kept a couch and a couple of changes of clothes, she was going to call him again, she heard other voices, she tiptoed to the room and using her wand casted a concealment charm, her radar was telling her something was wrong. There in the couch lay Draco, not a couch, a bed, Pansy was naked riding him, and Blaise was behind Pansy by her back entrance. Draco looked bored, yet he was hard enough for Pansy to shag him, with his finger he called Blaise, who left Pansy and bent to kiss Draco's mouth, just to make Pansy squirm. Hermione was transfigured, stuck on place. Her heart was bleeding, shattering in pieces, her Draco, having a fling. She knew he had been lovers with Blaise for a short while, he called it experimentation. But this, what was it? Her tears streamed down and her heart felt ready to burst out her chest. A/n yup Draco isn't nice, sometimes my Draco is a very damaged, dark soul. The nephew of beautiful Bellatrix,… One more short chapter, and you read the drill above. Let me know