on his quest. With Harry no longer in the picture, no need to be jealous, besides her marriage to the pompous Zach had turned into a good thing. He was haughty with others, and funny and warm in their home. He was a good lover, no, he was an excellent lover, plus he was unselfish, and worshiped the ground she walked. She was Ginny Smith, not Mrs Potter; and they were established and very rich. Best, she didn't have to worry about the legion of admirers and fans after Harry, and she was #1 in Zacharia's heart. Zacharias had not told anyone, that he suspected the father was Voldemort, which turned out to be a good thing. There were already enough Death Eaters that would be vying for her hand, well, for Tom Riddle's daughter's hand. And Ron, what happened to him? Well, that was a tough call. He had thought Harry foolish on his quest, and he remained friendly with Hermione, yet, he kept his distance, or at least it look that way. He had recently taken a sabbatical, because he was "busy" on a project. A project financed by unknowns, but he wasn't telling anyone. Lucius and the request . "Mr. Malfoy, I am going to give you a last chance to address me properly, or I will have you detained for disrespect to a Minister and continued alluding to racial slurs." He stood and banged his fist, "You won't do such thing, I haven't alluded to any names. Prove it." "I heard you," Smith dared him. "As I did," Cubent corroborated. "This is a conspiracy. Miss Granger," he spitted the words out his mouth. "Much better Lord Malfoy. How do you take your tea?" She pulled the tea cart that had just appeared in the room. He was too angry to answer and dismissed her with a wave of his hand; but when she placed a couple of the tiny Muggle choco-chip buscuits on his plate, he accepted it just to be gracious. "As I was saying, I need one from a noble house to accompany me to the negotiations, a former Dark Wizard, as you so claim to be. Draco was filling the spot, but now he is gone, you fit the bill perfectly, besides they like your Dark reputation." "Is that so? Why, because I am Draco's father, a worthless Black he turned out to be. Could you pass some more of the chocolate biscuits?" Everyone ignored his remarks. "You see the Malfoy's have been so tooted, that only you would do." "He can go with you, if you would care to tell me, where you have stashed Draco since he decided to stand against me! I have feelers, and some said Draco isn't with them. But wherever he might be, is because you told him to do so." Lucius's arrogant voice made her want to hex him. Damn though Zacharias, as the tips of her hair turned bright red. A good thing she had worn her camouflage glasses. "I didn't do such a thing, what he did is not of my business, we dated and then we didn't, not that is any of your business. Furthermore, if anyone has him stashed somewhere, hmm, let's see, that would be you. I am onto you, believe me. I also have the same information, and I believe you took him. Why would he have gone nearly ten months after the others?" "Nah, no, he is with Mr. I-am-the new-coming. What a brainwashed fool, to turn back to the old religion, going to be in a mission as a healer, what a sad fool. A vow of poverty and celibacy, is he an idiot or what, and to drag his brain dead mother, who dared to divorce me to follow his pimply behind. He just waited to go with them. I hold your responsible, your fault, they are polluted with your Mudblood ideology, you, Miss Muddy who would never understand." Bloody mercies, her finger had burnt a hole in the cushion in the expensive chair in the Malfoy parlor. Zacharias was ready to guffaw. "You are fined 10,000 galleons. For the racial slur, we all heard it, and one month in Azkaban." Mr. Debeat who was the facilitator/Auror, happily declared. "I didn't, it might have sounded like that, but I mean—" He was irate, red splotches running across his face. "Enough. Smith, please accompany Lord Malfoy to his rooms, at wand point, make sure he packs a the appropriate dress robes, and the required sports attires. You are dismissed. Is either this or Azkaban, or this and Azkaban, take away his wand as well, and I 'll manage it." "Ah for sake appearances we will be sharing the same suite. You suppose to be my current love, the group we are seeing will trust me more if I am going out with you. This way the Aurors coming with us, will only be guarding one suite, they will stay in one of the rooms." Her face was no longer angry, but mischievous. "You may have to hold my hand and whisper sweet nothings, and maybe an occasional snog or two. You haven't have a date in nearly one year, it might be good." She winked her eye to Lucius Malfoy, who looked in the verge of bursting an artery. Smith and Cumbent had to hold their lips tight not to laugh; a thing of beauty, now Malfoy looked ready to barf his stomach contents. She noticed and smiled to them, and Floo to her house to change. When she arrived she found an owl. "There is an island that belongs to Malfoy, I am trying to hire a wizard who brings supplies ocassionally. He asks for 500 Galleons but will take Muggle Euros, around 100, 000. I'll need you to ..." She danced a little happy war dance. She hoped they were on the right track, she missed him so. A/n let's hear from you, this makes three.