And he's always taking a fancy toward dirty-talking and slut-shaming during the deed itself also, something that annoys the hell out of her. It's his MO. But he's good in bed. He knows it. She knows it. They both know it. She leans further into the cupped stool, crossing her legs, which is unbearably hard in her skin-tight dress, before saying, "Care to teach him a thing or two about time management?" Flint downs his drink in one gulp, and she watches a drop of amber liquid slip down the muscles in his throat. He leans in and whispers, "You betcha." She grabs onto his wrist softly, dragging him back into the storage room marked for staff near the edge of the room, where the light barely shone on the walls. She doesn't need light; darkness is always following her, anyway. Pansy makes the mistake of looking up briefly toward the birthday boy's table — which she had abandoned nearly an hour ago in the possibility of chatting up the staff for a free drink — feeling Neville's white-hot gaze on her face, his blank eyes betraying no emotion. He barely flickers over Marcus before staring at Pansy again — right through her, heart and soul combined. Like Longbottom knows something about her. Anything . And it burns at her skin like an off-brand bottle of lotion bought in Knockturn. Marcus sloppily leans over her, gripping onto her shoulders a little too tight with his grimy nails, and Pansy continues on her trek to the back, her face bursting into flames of embarrassment. She imagines him to be thinking about how much of a strumpet she is. It's not something new that she's heard. It's typical. Common. Unoriginal. And it fuels her flames even more; she knows for a fact how much the blood pumping through her veins courses with intent after that. She needs Marcus. Now . Quickening her steps, Pansy pushes him into the dark room, her hands searching for a light switch before flicking it on. He gives her a single sultry look; she is fucking wrecked . His hands tangle in her already mussed up sex-hair before attacking her mouth, all teeth and nose and tongue in one. Single. Go. He slams her into the wall, located in the seedy room in the back like they're some cheap teenagers clawing for some privacy away from their stick-up-the-arse parents, lights dim and humming with the wretched smell of alcohol acidly burning at her nose. His calloused hands run down her inner thighs, and his mouth latches onto her neck, sucking the sliver of skin taut. Marcus tears her knickers down her legs, gives a single stroke of his fingers on her cunt, and enters her with one thrust. He groans, and she gasps. Their sounds are droned out by the rattling of beer bottles on the shelf near them and the harsh slapping of flesh. "How many times," he breathes out, dank air hitting the spot by her jaw, "have you imagined this ? My fucking cock"—a wheezy, drawn-out breath mingling with hers—"in you. You goddamn whore . Filthy, fucking slut—" "God — I hate you," she groans wantonly, slamming her head back against the dingy wall. She grips onto his muscular shoulders, practically skinning him by digging her nails ferociously through his t-shirt. His hands palm gruffly at her skin; her thighs, her breasts, her calves. It's animalistic. Fierce. Frantic. Ferocious. And it's fucking — "Then it's okay if you're thinking. . . about someone else," he rasps into her ear suddenly, thrusting with every other word; she lets out a tiny moan and wraps her legs tighter around his slim waist, digging her heels. She shifts her hand between them to move herself along. "I am — too . God , I am—" Sleazy. Cheap. Trash. Bastard. Marcus fucking Flint. All interchangeable. But then there's always that cynical and self-deprecating voice purring in the back of Pansy's mind — spread your legs just a little wider and let them take what they want . Then at least, they give back and manage to hold you just for a little bit after. Boys will always do that, she learned. You give, they'll take. And then they'll kiss you a couple times. Fill you up to the brim with warm touches for a fleeting moment. Wrap you up in their arms until they take you again. And maybe that's enough. She's so empty, so hungry , for love that the brief bout of affection leaves her satisfied for days to come. Marcus growls with every slam, every grunt, and Pansy thinks that if she stopped squeezing her eyes so hard and used her hand to touch the hills of her cheeks, she would feel hot tears slipping through the cracks of her fingers. He's close — she knows it. He's panting. And rough. And shaking. And her mind lingers on everything except Flint to get off and— Then somewhere, somehow , in the back of her fuzzy mind, she sees him . His hot stare on her as she practically leers on Marcus like the trollop he probably thinks she is. His hazel-green eyes and blond hair looming above her instead of the dark hair and whiskey eyes in front of her. She's thinking about him . Imagining what it would be like to have his head of hair somewhere between her thighs till his lips are swollen and hurting; and imagining his white-hot gaze on her breasts, and her stomach, and her pink flesh. Pansy comes undone in a burst of bright stars behind her eyes near seconds later, gasps of air undulating out of her warm mouth before she can finally catch her breath. Marcus shoves his tongue in her mouth one last time as his release seeps down her thighs; it's the affection she's been waiting for. And she drinks it up like a thirsty kitten waiting for warm milk on a stormy day.