as well." She looked away from him shyly for a moment, the wheels in her head clearly turning. Harry watched her, and felt more uneasy. She was really close to him now, practically leaning over him. "Don't worry about it. I'll see you plenty at Hogwarts, right? You have to retake your sixth year so you'll be coming back as well. I'll be happy that at least some of the members of Dumbledore's Army will be back at school." Hannah wasn't listening to him, even though her eyes were now gazing into his. Then she whispered. "Be quiet for a moment." Harry swallowed and nervously stared at her. She closed her eyes and leaned her face into his. The next moment, her lips were pressed against his in a soft kiss. It was a good kiss, but shocking at the same time. Harry would have backed away, but he already was leaned against a brick wall. When he pulled back, she just pushed forward, making the kiss more intense. When she pulled away, both of them were out of breath. "I'm sorry I just did that." She said, looking down his front. "No… it felt good." Harry told the truth, even if he felt strangely scared. It was true that technically he wasn't in a relationship at the moment, but he still felt himself connected with Ginny Weasley. Did that kiss count as cheating? He wasn't sure. Suddenly he felt something rubbing the outside of his pants. Wide eyed, he looked down to see Hannah's hands massaging the bulge that had apparently sprung during the heated kiss. "I guess it really did feel good." Hannah whispered again. "Hannah…" Harry felt extremely embarrassed. "I… I didn't mean…. it kinda just…" But Harry forgot what he was saying when he saw her unzip his pants and reach a hand inside. Her hands delicately found his manhood from within his boxers and lightly caressed him. Harry felt powerless. He wanted to push her way and run as fast as he could, but she had him, holding on to him lightly in his most sensitive area of his body. Her fingers danced slowly around his shaft, causing pleasure jolts throughout his body. Some wicked part of him didn't want her to stop. "You're getting really big." Hannah observed. The blonde lightly freed his penis out from his clothing from the hole provided by his downed zipper. She stared down at it protruding out, then softly wrapped all her fingers around the base. Then the girl moved her hand forward slowly until it reached the tip, then reversed her course and went back down. Harry shuttered with pleasure from that movement, all willpower completely dead. "Does it feel good?" She whispered in his ear. Harry couldn't answer her, his whole body so sensitive that her lips brushing against his ear lope felt good. Hannah didn't need a response. Her hand set to work. At first slowly she moved her hand back and forth, occasionally letting her finger nails lightly skim the bottom of his member. As she sensed that Harry was getting more into the motion, she firmed up her grasp and increased her jerking speed. Harry's body seemed to turn to jelly and stiffen all at the same time. His toes were curled up as far back as they could go, anticipating the ultimate release that would come if this action where to continue. "The sounds you're making are really cute." Hannah told him, not breaking stride. Harry wasn't aware he was making sounds. For a brief moment he tried to pay more attention, but only heard his labored breathing. He soon forgot this as he felt her hand stop moving. Earlier he wanted nothing more than to run away from the situation, now all he wanted was for her to continue. It was the only thing he could think of. She was looking down at his penis, and at first Harry wasn't sure what she was doing. Then he saw a small stream of clear liquid escape her mouth. The hot saliva dripped on his member and coated around making it extremely wet. "Round 2." Hannah announced playfully. She continued her fast paced motion, moving back and forth, but this time on a slippery surface. Now Harry heard himself groan lightly as a squishing noise came from Hannah's hand moving up and down his member. It was like his whole body was in a pleasurable electrocution. Whenever it seemed like the lubrication was drying, Hannah supplied more. She wasn't content with watching his penis anymore, she stared at his face, proud of her work, willing for him to finish because of her efforts. She was not disappointed, Harry wanted the same thing. In fact it was the only thing he wanted. He felt as if he were about to burst. Sensing this, Hannah stroked him faster. How she could move her hand so quickly, Harry didn't know. She whispered in his ear again, but he was beyond understanding her. His body felt as if it was going to explode. "Do it!" Hannah ordered, more loudly. "Cum for me!" Harry hips lurched forward at her request and did as he was ordered. He sprayed his seed in several spurts, feeling blissfully drained. Hannah handled him delicately for a moment, allowing him to recover, then cleaned him up and placed his humming manhood back inside his trousers. She gave him a playful smile and turned to leave. "H-Hannah-" Harry blinked a few times, his brain still sluggish. "Thank you, Harry. Thank you for saving my life." And with that she left him in the alleyway. "You're welcome." Harry muttered breathily. Note: Since there is no telling if this story will deleted, it can also be viewed on FictionPad and Archive of our Own . Just search for the title of the story or my username Glee-chan / GleeChan. Here is the url, as best as I can give on FFnet: archiveofourown dot org /works/9531002/chapters/21551309 .