in contact with dementors again, I would never have to hear them. Apparently, the universe is out to get me." "Oh Ron, Harry. If everything works today, no one will ever have said those words. We can save all of them." Hermione crouched down in front of them, trying to look into their eyes. "But that won't stop me from remembering it, Hermione." Ron's voice came out muffled from behind his hands. "I'll still hear him, see his face, every time I go to sleep. I'll still remember Mum crying every night. Still remember Percy not even coming out of his room for the funeral. Remember George. All alone..." His shoulders shook, and sobs wracked his body. Harry put his arm around his shoulders, and Hermione put hers around his waist, both of them holding him till his sobs subsided. "We can always wipe your me-" "NO! Hermione, can you hear yourself? As much as it hurts to remember, it would hurt even more to forget. Because then I wouldn't know why." Ron's voiced broke. "If you don't want to go, I'll understa-" "I may not want to forget their deaths, but I still want to see them again, Harry, so don't give me that. You've heard worse things than me, though mate. Why are you freaking out?" "Sort of used to it, aren't I? It's not really the first time I've heard their voices. Not even the first time today." Harry looked away from the pity in Hermione's eyes, and stood up. "There is no use dwelling on it, and the longer we stay here the higher the risk of getting caught. We should move." "Harry..." Hermione tried to reach for his hand, but he moved toward another door. He wasn't trying to push Hermione and Ron out of his problems. He actually felt better after talking to them. Right now though, he just didn't have time to break down. He had a job to do. He had to save the people he loved. Harry pulled open the door, and saw dancing silver lights. "This is it." Hermione and Ron stepped up on either side of him, and peered through the door. "Great. Another place we almost died." Ron deadpanned, before pushing his way past Harry and into the room. "So... where are we supposed to find a Time Turner? Didn't we destroy all of them three years ago?" "Yes, Ronald. But they do have the abilities to make more, you know." Hermione said as she started opening cabinets. Ron rolled his eyes and mouthed her words mockingly to himself. "Found them!" Hermione exclaimed. Harry and Ron exchanged "Of Course" looks before rushing to her side. "Wow. That is bigger than the one you had, Hermione." Harry commented. "Well, mine was used for going back short periods of time, like three hours. I think this one, maybe, goes back further. That is why it has to be so big. Or wise it wouldn't be able to have all of the number combinations required. Years, and months, and days, and hours." Hermione said, pointing to each corresponding ring. "I don't think I can lift this myself. And besides, we'd have to all be holding it anyway. Everyone pick a side." Hermione grabbed one side, while Ron and Harry grabbed the others. "Alright. We should drink the potion before we leave, we don't know how long we will have before someone finds us. It is still and time of war there after all." Harry said, digging in his pocket for the vial of potion. Hermione pulled out the others and handed one to Ron, popping the lid off the other one. "All at the same time?" Ron suggested. Harry and Hermione nodded, and lifted their vials to their lips. "One..." Ron started. "Two..." Hermione breathed. Harry took a deep breath. "Three." The all downed the potion and gasped as heat flooded their bodies. They could feel their bodies shrinking, their hair getting longer and shaggier. Hermione and Harry could feel their clothes get baggier, while Ron's just scrunched up at his ankles, and hung over his hands. All of this happened in a matter of seconds, leaving the trio gasping for air. "That was..." Hermione, for once seemed at a loss for words. "Intense?" Ron suggested. Hermione nodded, her hands moving up to her hair, and she moaned in anguish. Harry looked at his friends, and took in how they looked at fifteen. They looked... young. It is hard to believe all of the things they did at that age, and younger. Hermione seemed to be thinking along the same lines as she glanced back and forth between the boys. Ron, on the other hand, appeared to be holding back laughter. "What?" Harry asked him. "What is so funny?" Ron doubled over as his laughter rang through the time room. "I-I never realize how funny you looked when we were fifteen Harry! You look like a stick figure with crazy hair. Knowing how you look now, and seeing how you looked then. Its just really funny." "Ron, you're ridiculous." Hermione shook her head, and lifted the time turner higher. "Are we ready?" Ron nodded, his face sobering up. "Yeah. Set it for July thirty-first, nineteen-seventy-five. That is the summer before their fifth year." Harry looked between his two best friends. "Ready." "Ready." They chorused. "Three." "Two." "One." Hermione flipped the time turner, and it started spinning, slowly at first, but gaining speed. The space around them began to blur. Harry started to get dizzy, and he felt like he was floating. He closed his eyes, and clutched the time turner tighter. Their feet slammed into the ground, and they crumbled to it. Gasping and aching, Harry pushed himself to his feet. Looking around, he barely noticed any difference. The tables were in slightly different areas, the cabinets a different style, less artifacts. A major difference soon made itself clear. Harry, Ron, and Hermione all jumped when the intruder alarm started wailing.