spell and pop she was gone. Forever and ever, she had Apparated out her human family's lives, without as much as a good bye. She left a broken wizard and a broken son. Mr. Hagrid's heart gave up in despair; he could not live without his beloved. He died in less than one year after she had gone. *a/n The rest is one sad tale. So much for my promise for happy endings; halt, stop, please wait, dear reader, I see one extra paragraph. Mr. Hagrid is dead, so I am not sure how this can turn into a happy ending . Happy ending after all The happy ending came about, the day the giantess died. For several weeks now, she had been mourning over Mr. Hagrid, and the sorry giantess she had been. She still had their wedding picture, and during her life she often would pull it out and cry for hours. Nobody knew, but she had come back one year after he died. She was looking for him, and what she found was a grave, in a way she was relieved and left to try for a giant to make her happy. Or so she told herself about being relieved, she wasn't. She would miss their married time for the rest of her life. Giants were not gentle creatures, and did not treat their females with any kindness, caresses, kisses or such. It was exactly two days after Hermione had visited Hagrid and had left with a broken heart. She went to her parent's muggle church, the one of her childhood. In there, she prayed for something to give hope to Hagrid. Although, she knew he was soon marrying Madame Maxine, Hermione wished for some kind of message to Hagrid so he would know that his mother had loved him. She promised that she would raise her children to be considerate and think of others with love and understanding. In that frame of mind, she left for the Ministry to see if she could find out, where Hagrid's mother was. During that same morning, Hagrid's giantess mother, after abandoning three lovers, one beloved husband, and two children, was dying all alone, inside of a collapsed building. She realized, as many humans and giants, alike, do during those last minutes, how much she had loved her Mr. Hagrid. Nobody had ever made her laugh and be so happy. The married-bed was never again so intense, so loving or so very satisfying, once she had left her true love. Her other sorrow was for her gentle Hagrid, such a good son, what had she done? Hiding it from her proud family, she had often disguised herself as a passerby, who happened to be walking by his hut. Not even once, she had failed to see her petite son being gentle with all kinds of creatures; he was after all Mr. Hagrid's son. More than once, she had wanted to run and tell him how much she had loved him, but was afraid he would reject her. She went at least once per month, to an old grave in a small Wizarding cemetery, and dropped a daisy, his favourite flower. He called her, "My sweet daisy, as beautiful as any perfect flower, my only love." In her last seconds, or after, a dashing wizard appeared in front of her eyes. He wore the hat and robe of her Mr. Hagrid, and said, "My beautiful and beloved wife, I have been waiting for you for a while. I have a spot of nice tea and scones waiting for you at our cottage. Let me escort you." No recriminations, no questions, just a wizard with eyes full of love for his wife. She looked at herself, the rubble was gone, and she was not longer a giantess, just a few inches shorter than her Mr. Hagrid. Her earthly pains forgotten, gone in a flash of time, "Yes, my love, lead ahead. Let us have some love and married-time while we wait for our son. Let's hope that Hagrid waits to come along in many, many years." He said pinching her beautiful bum, "I have calculated all the married-times we have missed and we have a lot to make up." And with that, she took the hand being offered to her, and they walked, stopping occasionally to exchange a sweet kiss. Hagrid was petting Fluffy outside of his hut, just there yonder from where his parents had walked; a gently warm breeze mussed his hair; out of nowhere he felt small kisses, one on his forehead and each cheek, and a hand ran through his hair, just as when his parents used to love him before she had left. He heard a little whisper, it was her, "Rubeus, be a good little giant, and take a long while, so your parents can have their nice share of married-time." His heart felt lighter, happier, "Fluffy, let's run and have a spot of tea with scones with Minerva, it feels like a homecoming day." For the first time in years, he felt his family was one again, forever. Hermione left the ministry just a little sad. It seemed that Fridwulfa had disappeared a long time ago. She was walking all upset, Poor Hagrid, I couldn't do much for him...When suddenly a breeze touched her, She lifted her face, and she saw in the distance a tall wizard and a very curvy and tall witch, they were holding hands, the sun was blinding her eyes, and when she could see again, they were gone. Hermione was wise beyond her years; someone had answered her prayers, and had a good feeling that Hagrid had also felt this. She could not wait to get home and get ready for Harry; she wanted some married-time with her love. The end. Fin. Note: JKR has so many sad stories; it makes me a little sad. I tried to make it as nice as possible, and I hope you all liked