on them. She looked around for her little brothers, and sighed, they were surely doing something bad with the Potters, she knew it; those boys were nothing but trouble. Two more caretakers came out to help with the bunch and she sighed in relief. He turned his head around and looked at the Burrow, not the one where he grew up, that one had burned down; it did not look like the first one, not exactly. The new Burrow had a new name and exuded the same air of prosperity of the garden prepared for the party. It was now called "Weasley-Granger Manor." The name was displayed at the entrance, but invisible to Muggle eyes. Amazing what eleven and one half years could do. The dead were always missed, but he had visited with them no long ago, courtesy of his talented witch. He now knew, that they were sitting and watching; they must be laughing at the new traditions at the Burrow born out the growth of their one mixed glorious family. He knew they could occasionally see them and were happy and waiting for them, but not too soon, there was still a lot to be done. He kissed his love, his witch, his friend and mate, his reason for breathing and living. However, his heart ached at the thought of loosing her, a possibility that was never far. The danger was still there. It was the reason why the Manor was protected with state of the art Muggle security and with the strongest of wards. All friends, family, and allies were welcome; after all, everyone's blood was red. And if Weasleys were now a reckoning financial and political power, it was as because their tolerance, their love for the new, their acceptance of the Muggle world, and their tightly knitted allegiance. All the Weasley children but one, worked in the corporation, and Arthur didn't, he was still at the Ministry in charge of the new Ministry for Muggle affairs. Their unconventional families all united by their love for each other, were unbreakable thus their strength. The Manor was really a large luxury apartment's compound, the bottom floor had large meeting rooms, and hotel sized kitchen, a large nursery for daycare, and a library that would compete with the Malfoys. Because of the repeated threats as their fortune grew, during a family meeting, a unanimous decision to reside by each other was made. Although a somewhat medieval living arrangement, the structure had been built in way to afford great privacy Each house had its own Floo connection and its own entrance to the outside world, and each fostered privacy. Nobody barged into anyone's house, and they all had to announce and ask before they came over. No exceptions to that rule. Childcare was centrally provided, and many other fringe benefits were available. They had the best of both worlds. Privacy charms were imbedded in the dividing walls, further enhancing independence. They had developed internal policies and lived in peace. Being able to share some duties and to help each other, when needed, was just great. Nobody was asked to partake of parties or activities; it was all 100% voluntary. This had all been made possible due to the fact that Molly had her own set of problems, and no time to get involved in their individual lives. The complex had Muggle electricity, central heating, solar panels, insulation, all magical green construction, and also Muggle phone service. I was connected to cable and satellite connections for the telly, and to the Internet via heavily shielded cables against magic frequency waves, another invention of 'Layers.' However, it also enjoyed of all Wizarding advantages, a marriage of the best of both worlds. It boasted of a large lift for access to the upper floors; each floor was divided in three 5-bedroom flats, bathrooms with kitchens, sitting rooms etc. I had a total of you guess, nine flats. Not all the flats were occupied, but available when the renegade family would decide to come back into the fold. Maybe after today, his brother would bury the hatchet, as his wife's yank relatives often said. There were ten individual guest rooms, all found in the first floor. A hidden room with the house-elves cupboards, for the free-elves, who would refuse to have more than half day a week off, and they would usually spend it playing with the children. They just didn't get the concept of freedom such is life. Then attached to the Manor was 'Layers,' their business Headquarters, where top management worked. The wizard looked at his witch with his heart full of gratitude and love. He missed Fred, even if he knew what he did; they all had seen the same. He wished that his brother could have partaken of this golden age. At least his parents had lived to see this, and were rewarded for all their love and hard work. Fred had died to protect his witch; she wouldn't be with him today if not for Fred's valiant sacrifice. He kissed her sweet head, and she looked at him with so much love that his heart seemed to bleed, a little. He felt a tear rolling down his cheek; she noticed and dried it up with her lips, "He can see us love, my father, Sirius, all the ones who left us too soon. At least our losses were minimal, don't cry." Then a feeling of joy fluttered inside the wizard and melted the pain. He felt Fred's presence all around them; he knew his scent, Fred's. Kissing her husband's cheek, she held on to him tighter, and she rested her head on his chest. The moment was perfect, a feeling of completion suffused his very being and filled him entirely, then closing his eyes he remembered, the day when he almost didn't get his witch. Note, all chapter will be reloaded in the next days. Once finished, I will leave the story online for a short while.