squared, Weasley squared," he greeted them, stiffly. "Hannah had us called," Harry replied, without returning the greeting. "We were already on our way when Hedwig found us." "Flint is here too," Ron explained, when Draco gave Harry a curious look. "He was brought in about 10 minutes ago." "What's wrong with him?" Draco asked. "Poisoning," Harry replied. "I'll explain later. What happened to Hermione?" "She just passed out," Draco told them. "She wouldn't wake up." "Here comes Hannah," Ginny said, gesturing toward the desk. Hannah approached the group with a grim look on her face. "Both Hermione and Flint are critical," Hannah told them. "Flint's organs are failing rapidly and he's essentially draining the life out of Hermione." "What caused this to happen so fast?" Draco asked. "According to you, we still had another couple of weeks before Flint died." "I can answer that," Ron chimed in. "The reason Harry and I couldn't let you into the Lestrange home is we'd closed in on who was poisoning Flint. Unfortunately, that person managed to slip him a large dose right as we got into Flint's cell." "So this person was targeting Flint and not Hermione?" Draco asked. "Right," Harry replied. "He had no idea that Flint's life was tied to Hermione's. He just wanted revenge." "Who was it?" Draco questioned. "Dennis Creevey," Ron told him. "Who in the name of Merlin is that?" Draco asked, exasperated. "His brother Colin was our year at Hogwarts," Lavender chimed in. "He died in the Battle of Hogwarts." "Apparently someone remembered seeing Flint around when Colin was killed," Harry explained. "Whoever it was told Dennis and Dennis saw his chance when we hired him as a guard for Azkaban." "Leave it to a Gryffindor to royally fuck up killing someone," Draco said, menacingly. "You better put Creevey somewhere I can't get to him." Before anyone could answer, Neville appeared near the front desk. "Hannah, we need you NOW!" he shouted, louder than Draco had ever heard him yell. "They're both coding." "What the hell does that mean?" Draco demanded to know, keeping pace with Hannah as she rushed back into the main part of the hospital. "It means we're running out of time," Hannah told him, pausing only to throw him a pair of sanitary robes. "So if you've got a way to sever the tie between them, now is the time to do it." Draco quickly threw the robes on, pausing only to withdraw the translation notes from his pocket. He stepped into the emergency room where he saw not just Hannah and Neville but a full team of medi-wizards working to keep both Flint and Hermione alive. Draco returned the notes to a normal size and quickly found the pages that he and Hermione had been reading. He focused on Hermione's neat handwriting, blocking out the chaos that was going on around him. He silently read over the notes once, then twice before Hannah shouted to him. "Malfoy, we can't keep Flint alive much longer," Hannah told him. "It's now or never." Draco tucked the notes back into his pocket. He rubbed his thumb against his wedding ring before pulling out his wand. "Focus on Flint," Draco instructed. "Let me take care of Hermione." "Do what he says," Hannah snapped and the team of medi-wizards immediately stepped back. Draco took a deep breath and moved next to Hermione's bed. "I love you," he whispered. He raised his wand and began the incantation of the paper. He got the last words of the spell out when a loud beep filled the room. "We've lost him," Hannah said, wiping her brow and moving over to Hermione. "What about Hermione?" Draco asked, clutching his wife's hand. "I don't hear anything." "We didn't hook her up to that machine," Hannah told him, sliding her hand up to Hermione's neck. Hannah kept her hand on Hermione's neck, slid it around a little, and then left it in one spot. "She's alive," Hannah told him, tears in her eyes. "She's alive." Draco dropped his head onto Hermione's stomach and let out the breath he didn't even realize he was holding. "I'll go tell the others," Hannah said, slipping out of the room with the rest of the people following her out. Draco simply laid his ear against Hermione's chest, listening to her heart beat strong. What felt like an eternity later, Draco felt those familiar tiny hands running through his hair. Draco looked up and silver met brown. "Flint?" Hermione asked. "He didn't make it," Draco told her, pointedly not looking over at the covered body that was in the next bed. "Thank Merlin you did." "Thanks for making sure I didn't die," Hermione said, giving him a small smile. "You're welcome," Draco choked out, with a half laugh. Hermione slid over and patted the bed. Draco slid in next to her and wrapped his arms around Hermione, pulling her so that she lay at his side with her head on his shoulder. They lay there quietly, with Draco placing light kisses on Hermione's forehead every other minute. Hermione lifted her head and Draco leaned down to give her a long kiss. "Let's go to France," Draco murmured. "Join the kids and my parents. Take a week all together." "Okay," Hermione replied, laughing when Draco looked down at her in surprise. "What?" "I thought that was going to be an argument," Draco replied with a laugh of his own. "Only for a week," Hermione reminded him. "Then we have to come back and go back to the firm." "Yes dear," Draco murmured, giving her another kiss, his mind already working a mile a minute trying to figure out a way to extend the vacation longer than a week. He'd come up with a way, he thought. Hermione settled her head back on Draco's shoulder and he linked their hands, smiling as he saw their rings next to each other. Now that was a tie he never intended to sever.