at the bound and gagged intruders, and the tick became a hammer that pounded recognition to the front of her mind. A predatory grin slowly grew onto her face as she carefully set her drink down and rose to her feet, stalking over to the edge of the rune array. "Oh, Luna-dear" Hermione called melodiously to the perky blonde, her grin never once wavering. "I believe we've caught ourselves a pair of traitors. Would you be a dear and get Harry for me? I don't think he'd want to miss this." "What? Oh, sure. Noddy?" Luna asked distantly, gently swaying back and forth to the music emanating from the enchanted tape player. An elderly long-eared house elf, dressed smartly in a well fitted black and white suit and tailed coat straight out of the 17th century, pop -ed off to Luna's right and gave a small bow. "Mistress called for Noddy?" the house elf asked promptly. "I need you to go get Harry, please." Luna ordered the elf. "You also might want to warn the other elves away from the Landing for a few hours too. I wouldn't want any of you to get hurt." "Tilsy is keeping watch and caring for Master Harry, Mistress. Should Noddy be telling Tilsy off?" Noddy asked carefully. Luna picked up on the underlying insinuation for what it was. "Oh, no! No, of course not. Look, um, just – just tell Tilsy that we need Harry and he'll be fine in whatever condition he's currently in." Luna sighed in relief as Noddy bowed again and pop -ed away. She'd misspoke once before when dealing with the elves and they'd punished one of their own on her perceived orders. Hermione had found out, and unleashed her fury on the unwitting culprit. Luna absentmindedly rubbed her rear tenderly. She'd been sore for a fortnight and been banished from the bedroom for half of that. It would have been longer, but Hermione grudgingly acquiesced when Harry mentioned that Luna's absence was punishing the both of them as well. Luna blushed as she recalled her return to their bed. Hermione was still in a 'punishing' mood, and had made that abundantly clear when she and Harry both took her that night. She leaned back into her lounge chair and closed her eyes as she fell into the pleasant memory, one hand moving up her chest, caressing herself softly while the other slowly slid down her slightly exposed midriff and past her waistband, creeping slowly and methodically downward until – "Luna!" Hermione shrieked. "Here? Did you forget we had company?" Luna's eyes snapped open and she blushed furiously, having the good sense to look both abashed and horrified, withdrawing her hands and placing them gently in her lap. She glanced around, taking in the six pairs of eyes that were once again focused entirely on her, although Hermione also had a light blush on her cheeks that paired prettily with her shocked expression. "Um, kinda?" Luna said meekly. Hermione quickly recovered from her shock at seeing Luna about to pleasure herself in front of five strangers, no not just strangers, Death Eaters , and pinched the bridge of her nose, huffing loudly. She heard a whimpering coming from the captives. "Aaaarrrggghh!" she screamed. "We'll just have to start over. Sominus, " Hermione gestured vaguely across the rune array and five bodies fell limply to the floor, the two red-heads snoring loudly. She drew her wand and pointed it menacingly at the newly offending tape player. " Quietus," Hermione intoned and the organ music ceased. "Luna," Hermione stated, clearly annoyed as she ran a palm through her hair and down her face, "I need you to try and focus. They only come four times a year, so we have to get as much information as we can out of them, ok?" Luna's face fell. Her bottom lip began to quiver and moisture gathered in her silver eyes. "I'm – * sniff * – I'm trying Mya. I want to help, but it's hard for me to keep on task." Hermione's face softened as she walked over to her friend and lover and knelt down in front of her. "I know, hon," she said as she patted Luna's knee gently, "I know. I just need to you try really hard for me, ok?" "I am!" Luna emphasized. "I just – I feel like such a burden to the both of you. I know you both love me, but I don't like being broken." Luna's hands raised to cover her eyes in a fruitless attempt to stem the flow of tears. "I don't want to be broken, Mya. Why do I have to be broken?" Hermione's heart broke. She ran her hand over the top of Luna's head and down the side of her face, caressing her cheek lovingly. Lightly grasping Luna's hands in her own, she lowered them onto her lap, leaned forward and placed a feather-light kiss on her lips. "Luna. Oh, Luna," Hermione said delicately. "We're all a little broken. That's what war does, and that's why we have each other, so we fit together, broken pieces and all." Hermione took a steadying breath, calming her shuddering emotions. If she had to be the glue to hold her broken family together, so be it. She placed a quick kiss on Luna's temple and withdrew, looking kindly into her eyes. "Why don't we go find Harry?" Hermione suggested. "The house elves should've been back by now, so he's probably being stubborn." Luna giggled, her returning natural glow filling the depressed mood surrounding the pair, and wiped the last few remaining tears from her red and slightly puffy eyes. "Well, we did turn him into a unicorn. Maybe being a stubborn ass is more in his nature than we thought?" A/N: Thanks for reading! Reviews, follows, favorites, annoyed ramblings, I want it all, so please take the time to leave at least a small note for me before you go. Thanks!