since the neo's arrest" Harry laughed "maybe later, I meant with us" Oh, time for the talk, Severus sighed and sat down "Harry I'll be whatever you want me to be in your life, I just want to be a part of it". Harry's grin got impossibly wide at that, "I'm going to end it with Ginny later, we're not making each other happy and it's probably best for the kids not to get caught up in that, they're smart they'll understand." Harry paused to think and Severus wondered where this was heading, he couldn't help but feel hopeful. "Severus" Harry started and Severus felt the need to take Harry's hand again "those few months where we were together, I never felt that happy, well apart from well, my kid's being born, but you know, I've never been that content with anyone before, we feel right together, don't we?" Harry suddenly looked unsure, and Severus couldn't hold back any longer, "So very right together Harry" and he lunged in for the second kiss of the day. With a strong sense of de ja vu, the door once again banged open and in marched Mrs Potter. This time without so much fury and a look of resignation and regret, "Snape, are we done with my husband yet? I need a word" Severus bit back a sarcastic retort and instead nodded and made to move away, "With both of you first, if you don't mind" Severus hid his surprise and nodded again. Ginevra seated herself in his chair and started "Harry, we both know we haven't been happy for a while, I hoped it was just a blip and we could get past it, for the sake of the family anyway. Another part of me was hoping for this" she gestured around and then snorted "well another woman at least" she smirked at Severus who once again held his irritated tongue. Harry looked confused "you wanted me to be cheating?" Ginny looked a bit guilty then "I wanted an excuse for myself Harry, somewhere our passion just died and I just wanted to feel desired by a man and you just never showed that towards me anymore, now I know why" another smirk at Severus which he this time returned. "Gin, I never meant to hurt you, I just wish we'd spoken about this before and saved a lot of heart ache" Ginny laughed again "yeah I wish you'd told me you were gay too" Severus was about to leap to Harry's defense when Harry laughed and playfully swatted Ginevra's arm, "If I'd have known, I'd have told you, I'm sorry" they were both giggling now, "always a bit slow on the up take weren't you Potter?" Severus coughed lightly, "I'll be outside when you're done, I'm sure you've got things to discuss in private" Harry smiled gratefully at him. "Snape, I hope you can make him happy, from the secret smiles I saw him glance your way at Hogwarts, I think you already have, but do not hurt him, Harry will always be my family and he's a lot of brothers" Ginevra gave a sarcastically sweet but menacing smile and Harry groaned in embarrassment. Epilogue- The most wonderful time of the year Harry glanced out his bedroom window down at the snowy streets of Hogsmeade. Even living here for the last nine months he never got sick of the view, the cheery lights of Hogwarts glinting in the distance. His boyfriend groaned and rolled over in the bed behind him. Harry grinned and pounced. Severus let out a yelp as he suddenly got a lap full of Harry. "Merry Christmas to you too" Harry laughed, "Oh I'd say it's not that merry yet, you might have to give me a present first" Severus wiggled his eyebrows and Harry wasted no in locking lips with his boyfriend. Within minutes they were a writhing mess of too hot limbs and wandering hands until, there was a pounding on the stairs up to their attic bedroom. They quickly broke away and had just sat themselves up, when the door burst open and in jumped an exited 9-year-old. "Daddy!" she yelled and threw herself at the foot of their bed, "Father Christmas, has been, I got 6 big presents and a whole stocking full and under the tree is full too!" the girl was so busy gushing excitedly she didn't notice the frantic straightening of pyjamas under the bed spread. "That's great pumpkin, can't wait to see you open them all" Harry enthused, as Severus slipped out from beneath the covers, "Uncle Severus, he left some for you too!" and Lilly launched herself up and followed him out the door. Harry smiled to himself, Lilly used to follow him around like that, he didn't mind in the least though, they'd all accepted Severus into their lives and he was grateful. Later in the day around the Christmas dinner table, once Ginny and the man from the paper, Simon, had arrived. Harry sat back and enjoyed the family atmosphere, he couldn't believe how well his family had adapted to having two new 'parents'. James loved talking quidditch with Simon and Albus had never been as talkative than he was with Severus about school and potions. Lilly just seemed happy that her parents were happy again. When the guests had left and the kids were tucked up in bed, Severus clicked their bedroom door closed once more and, this time, remembered the locking wards. "No more interruptions tonight Potter, I've been waiting all day for my present" Harry smirked innocently back up at him from his position in bed, "no you haven't, I got you those dragon hide gloves, that potions manual and some vintage scotch" Severus shook his head slowly "no Harry, not those presents" and with a stealth that belied his age, leaped up onto the bed. "Oh, you mean this present" Harry smirked as he grabbed Sev's head and brought it down to his.