pain. Pain and memories. His mother is angry. Her flailing arms cause him pain. His father is not pleased. Andy isn't there and he can't stop crying (God, why can't he stop crying?!). Mother and Father are angry at his tears. Crying is not polite and Blacks are polite. Blacks do not cry . The News comes, again and again. Mother is angrier and angrier. Regulus must not turn out as his brother has. She and Father make that very clear. Too clear. This time there is no Sirius to play the hero. Sirius' disgusted expression follows him throughout the school. The Night plays on repeat. Crying for hours, sinking to his knees. The bed is empty. The closet is bare. The window is open and there are footprints in the mud. Crying, he can't stop crying ( Blacks do not cry ). A wand presses to his left arm and he grits his teeth. Think about what you're doing, Reg (I am, I am, I am). Bella's smirking face won't stop staring at him. Cissy's cool mask haunts him. He doesn't run to her arms this time. The girl, the shopkeeper, and the parent are dead and lifeless and won't leave him (their eyes are hollow and emotionless, just like his). Another mind is in his, searching for betrayal. He puts up walls of defenses but the fear still protests (he knows, he knows, he knows). Kreacher's sick and barely alive form stumble into view (it's my fault, it's my fault, it's my fault). He's lost in the wandering corridors and dark corners. He's all alone in the too big, too empty house (Good God why did you leave?!). All alone, all alone, all alone. It stops. The pain ebbs away, leaving thirst in its wake. He can't continue on, but he does. Regulus puts the locket in Kreacher's small hand, orders him to switch them. Kreacher does it without hesitation. Regulus holds the Horcrux in his hand. He can feel the evil in it, feel Vol-Riddle's soul pulsing. He doesn't want to give it to Kreacher, doesn't want him to feel this evil. Kreacher takes the locket. Regulus' orders are clear. He knows that Kreacher doesn't want to follow them, but they both know he must. He mustn't tell Mother or Father. He mustn't tell Sirius or Cissy. He mustn't tell anyone. Regulus does not know if Kreacher can destroy it but he orders him to. He must try. Kreacher is protesting, saying that he can take Master Regulus home. Regulus tells him to go. He yells and screeches and screams. Kreacher's eyes are downcast for a split second. And in that second Regulus knows he can leave. He can grab Kreacher's hand and the two of them can apparate away. He can go to Dumbledore or to Sirius and divulge this information. He can go into hiding, find a safe house and help end the war from there. Or he can become a spy, transferring information from one leader to another. He doesn't have to die here, his logic tells him. Yes he does, he tells himself. Regulus tells Kreacher that he must not come back here. Kreacher promises that he won't. And Kreacher always keeps his promises. And then Regulus is alone. All alone in the too dark, too cold cave. He's thirsty. Very, very thirsty. He knows that he shouldn't but he goes to the edge anyway. His hand reaches into the water and a hand reaches up for him. It grabs his wrist and drags him into the water where more hands find him. The hands of the Inferi (Regulus has read about them in a book) take hold of anything they can, his body, his clothes. He closes his eyes as his head is dunked under. The beech wood wand that means he is wise beyond his years (he believes it now) slips from his fingers and falls through the water without him. He does not think of what his parents want. He does not think of what Sirius would think. Regulus does not think of what he wishes he could have done and what he could have been. Because he does not wish for anything but this. His mind is not filled with thoughts of his family. It is not filled with fantasies of Sirius finally being proud of him. It is racing, as it always has been. And his logic is racing faster. If he were to live than all of this would not matter. If Kreacher told people of his fate than all of this would not matter. Because Regulus was not doing this for praise. Not for affection, or redemption, or forgiveness. He was not doing this to regain the love from those he had never been able to hate. He was doing this for himself. Secrets, as Regulus has learned, are not defined by what the secret is, but rather by the fact that you do not share it. Regulus does not share any secrets, for they are the only things that are his. He has not shared this secret with anyone. Professor McGonagall and Professor Slughorn will never discover this one. His parents will never punish him for all the rules he has broken, some rules can be broken, as long as no one knows you broke them, and Mother and Father will never know. Riddle will never search Regulus' mind for treachery again, and he will never know of his betrayal. Sirius will never know that Regulus has finally played the hero, Regulus never gets to play the hero, it is a silently agreed upon decision. Sirius is the hero and Regulus is whatever his brother needs him to be. And right now he needs him to be the villain. Not even Kreacher shares the entirety of this secret with him. For this is Regulus' secret and his alone. Only Regulus will know. And for the first and last time in his life, Regulus is enough.