going to hurt,' the man thought. "Only if you don't relax pet," Harry said as he crawled back over Lucius and grabbed the jar of lube from the bedside table. Pushing the man's thighs apart he knelt between them and pushed two fingers in. Lucius moaned and pushed back down onto the fingers. Quickly Harry pumped them in and out loosening the muscles, "More, please," Lucius begged. Happily Harry obliged pushing in a third finger. Leaning over he breathed into the man's ear, "You have three fingers in you now, do you like the feel of them pumping in and out, stretching that tight arse?" Lucius moaned, "yes, more please," he pushed down hard onto the fingers trying to get them deeper. "Ah, ah, ah patience pet, you're not ready yet, it will hurt," Harry began scissoring the fingers, the moment he felt he was stretched enough he pushed a fourth in. Lucius's breath hitch slightly but he still pumped back on the fingers. Harry grinned but he was getting impatient, quickly he pulled his fingers out and began to lube his cock. Lucius moaned, and wiggled. "Hold still," Harry snapped as he pushed the jar to the floor, its lid on. Grabbing Lucius behind the knees he pushed them up and further to the side and positioned the tip of his cock against the stretched hole. Quickly he pushed in, ignoring the pained gasp from the man and the winces, until his hips rested against the man's arse. Looking down, he saw tears in the man's grey eyes and he was whimpering. Opening his mind he heard Lucius's thoughts, 'Oh god, it hurts, he too big, he hurts, please oh, god.' Harry began to rub Lucius stomach, "Hush," he whispered, he pulled back slightly and thrusted back, Lucius moaned more in pain than pleasure, but Harry continued each thrust getting harder and longer. Soon he was pounding in the man so hard the bed was bouncing, by now Lucius was moaning along with him. "Master, I ne- ah- need to cu-um," he panted. Harry gave an extra hard thrust, "You aren't to cum, the ring stays on." Lucius whimpered as Harry started to go even harder, his own orgasm coming soon. Sweat poured from their bodies as Harry's grip tightened on Lucius hips, leaving bruises. Giving a low moan he came inside the man, pumping his load in deep. Shuddering he collapsed on the man, his arousal digging into his stomach, finally gaining his breath he sat up, his cock still in Lucius arse. Grabbing the man's knees he pushed them forward, making's the man's arse rise into the air. "You will hold yourself in this position until I plug you," Lucius nodded and grabbed his knees holding himself there. Harry pulled out making Lucius feel suddenly empty. He began to tremble his erection red between his legs. Harry returned with a new butt plug just smaller than his cock, not even bothering to lube it he pushed it inside the still loose hole. "You may relax pet." Harry chuckled as he saw the large red cock, straining to be free. He opened his mind again this time to Severus. 'So fucking hard, I wish I could cum, DAMN IT,' the man roared. "Severus, come here," the man looked up suddenly and crawled over from the dog bed to Harry's side. "Up here pet," Harry petted the bed covers and Severus climbed up into place, his own erection standing to attention. Harry laughed as he lounged back, "Suck Lucius off and swallow and I will allow you release." Harry reached over and undid the cock ring and immediately precum appeared on the tip. Severus crawled between Lucius's legs and began sucking. The man gave a slight groan and thrusted up into Severus's mouth. His tongue dancing over the tip as his hands massaged Lucius's balls. His lips sealed over the tip and began to move down, by the time he reached the man's hilt, he was coming inside his mouth. Swallowing the salty liquid, Severus sat up saliva making his lips glossy. "Come here pet," Harry said, patting his knees. Severus crawled to him and Harry positioned him so his he was facing him, on his knees one spread each side of the man. Leaning forward, Harry slipped his hand between them and began to fondle the man, still not releasing the cock ring. "Master please," Severus whimpered as he leaned against Harry's shoulder. He felt the man's body vibrate as he chuckled. Severus felt a hand slip down and around him and grab his butt plug and pulled till the tip was just inside his entrance before it was pushed back in again. Severus started to mew and Harry chuckled again and he began to pump the plug harder and his fingers began to work again against the hard flesh, until Severus was rutting against him. Quickly he released the cock ring and slammed the plug back in again, "Come pet," he whispered into Severus's ear and the man came over his hand with a loud moan. Severus began to collapse, but Harry stood so he fell onto the carpeted floor, gasping he looked up to find his master placing his hand in front of his face, his own cum sliding down his arm. Wide eye he glanced up at the man and shivered, Harry's eyes held no sway no give. Wincing he opened his mouth and began to lick away his own seed, grimacing at the taste. Finally his hand and arm were clean. Grinning Harry stood and with a flick of his hand, cock rings were back around the two men's members and he pushed a still quivering Lucius off the bed. "Go to bed, and sleep I do not want to hear a peep out of you and you have better hope that you don't snore." Harry watched the two men crawl into the bed and grinned as he went to the bathroom and showered.