both to the world when he had known that their photo would be taken and plastered all over every paper and magazine in Wizarding Britain. He had planned this knowing that his father would find out about them. "I will admit, this was not Plan A, or even B, but Hermione and I-" Harry cut him off, "Wait, you were working with Hermione?" "Of course I was," Draco told him, as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. "I know these old families and laws better than any of us. I thought we might find something, but there was nothing. It's solid. If they want to force this, even now, they will be able to." "But, you don't think they will." Harry said, sure that had been the motive behind all of this conspiracy. "No. The reaction was already bordering on outrage, and we just added a bit of Fiendfyre to the mix," Draco's smirk widened. "You are evil," Harry told him, but he couldn't help feeling happy. "Kingsley is going to get torn apart over this," he added, not sure how to feel about that. "I know you like him, but he shouldn't have gone along with this." Draco turned away from Harry and began to move through the house. Harry followed, a frown on his lips. "You asked him for a damn match of your own. You practically salivated over Astoria Greengrass." "Well, I needed to play my role convincingly." Draco shrugged as they entered the kitchen. "Your role? This was our lives! I thought …" Harry lost his steam then, simultaneously ashamed that he had been so sure that Draco wanted to keep him a secret and angry that the other man had guided him to those feelings. "It's fine, Harry," Draco kissed him softly. "I don't know if I ever would have had the courage to do this if the Ministry hadn't forced my hand. You are … but I … I couldn't ever imagine telling him. He … He's still so broken from the war, and I just thought we could keep on the way we were, but I knew it was killing you. It wasn't fair." Harry leaned against him, holding him for several long moments until the rush of his Floo startled him back from Draco. Hermione climbed through his fireplace a moment later, a broad smile on her face. She leapt at them, her arms outstretched as she squealed in a very un-Hermione fashion. One arm wrapped around either of their necks and she pulled them into a hug. She released them after several squeezes to kiss Draco on the cheek and then hug him tightly again. "You did it!" she finally shouted. "What?" Harry asked, lost. Ron, who Harry had just noticed behind Hermione, said, "The press decided the two of you are a proper love story. Started destroying the Ministry on the spot." "It's not official, of course," Hermione told them, trying to compose herself, "but, I'm fairly confident they will be backtracking from this whole thing." "What about the marriages and the children?" Harry asked. "I'm not sure on that either, but I think having a conversation about it was a start. Ron and I knew that Draco had this planned, and we still eloped," Hermione admitted. "Realized it was mad not to," Ron gave them a lopsided grin. "Of course I want her forever." Hermione shook her head as if Ron was ridiculous, but she was smiling as a blush creeped up her cheeks. "I know several other couples married too, and I suspect other will follow suit, even without the law. It won't be forced, but no one wants our magic to die out. People will start having children again. I think the Ministry were overreacting. They have no faith in the community, and were trying to force us to do something that many of us already plan on doing. Now we just might move up the time table," Hermione insisted. "And you were in on this the whole time?" Harry demanded, suddenly remembering that she had been shattered in his kitchen just weeks ago. "Draco didn't tell me that he had a back up plan until a week ago," Hermione told him, her mouth suddenly a tense line as she looked pointedly at Draco. "I couldn't have you finding out," Draco told Harry without a trace of regret on his voice. "You Gryffindors are worse than my mother and her friends. You tell each other everything, as loudly as you can, and at the worst possible moment. It's a miracle you all survived the war in the first place. I only told her so she could not marry Weasley if she didn't really want to." "What?" Ron snapped, his head moving quickly between Hermione, who was still glaring, and Draco, the focus of her anger. "Draco," she groaned. "Well, obviously she married you, mate." Draco clapped a hand to Ron's shoulder. "Now you know she really wanted to." "I knew she really wanted to before." "Sure, sure," Draco nodded in agreement. Harry grabbed his hand, pulling him back. Draco started to pull his hand away, and then stopped, staring down at their entwined fingers. He looked up at Ron and Hermione, and Harry watched him smile in realization that they had nothing left to hide. Everyone knew, or would by the following morning, that they were together. Without warning, Draco closed the gap between them and kissed Harry softly, not bothering to care that their friends were watching. A/N: I hope that you enjoyed this One Shot ! It was my first step into the world of Drarry and Slash writing, so I was a bit nervous. Let me know what you think in a review, and it's sort of, maybe posible I might add more Drarry OS, maybe related, maybe not, to this story so if you liked this and wanted to follow it that wouldn't be a terrible idea. XOXO Meg