in my mind that he knew I was Harry Potter, and he held my life in his hands. He delayed the calling of Voldemort and saved my life, so that I could carry on to be your Chosen One." Potter spat the last three words as if each person in this room had personally selected him for the role, and he believed they were each truly vile for it. "As for the imprisonment and torture of innocents in his home... You were not there. You did not see what I have seen. What Hermione Granger and Luna Lovegood have seen. There was no denying Voldemort. There was no casting him out of your home. Draco Malfoy did what he could to protect himself and his mother. He was a child being forced to make adult decisions. We were all children forced to fight a war, and I will not stand for you locking him away and robbing our society of a man who could be redeemed, who could be changed, who, when it really mattered, dropped his wand and could not murder someone. Who, when it really needed to be done, lied for me, and saved every single one of us." Potter's voice was hard and cold. Draco had never seen him this way before. Never watched him so sure, so clear about his words. He was terrifying, if truth be told. "Draco Malfoy is not my friend. He has never been kind or giving or generous to me, and I have nearly killed him myself in the past. We have both made mistakes, but his have landed him here and mine have landed me a position in the Auror Department. I challenge you to see that he does not deserve to spend the rest of his life rotting in Azkaban because he had the unfortunate luck to be born into a family of Pureblood purists. Do the right thing, and give him a chance to make his own decisions." Draco stared, open-mouthed, at the unruly black hair before him as Harry Fucking Potter tried to save his life. He didn't understand. It didn't make any sense. It didn't even begin to make sense. What the hell was he playing at? As Potter walked back to his seat without even a glance at Draco, murmurs of conversation struck up around the room. Kingsley cleared his throat loudly. "We may continue this trial as anticipated if necessary, but I have an alternate solution for this case. I have heard the evidence and pleas of Harry Potter, a man I trust and look up to as a hero and a leader in our world, and a friend. Taking his word into consideration, I suggest a sentence of Probation for Draco Malfoy to be served for one year. This probationary period would be lived out at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where Draco Malfoy will enroll to complete his interrupted seventh year of schooling. Draco Malfoy will be required to take Muggle Studies during this year and must pass the Muggle Studies N.E.W.T. at the end of the year. He will be prohibited from using his wand for any reason outside of classwork, and his wand will be checked weekly by the Headmistress for any signs of magic outside of the classwork. In one year, we will reconvene to hear testimony of the efforts made by Mr. Malfoy to become a productive and healthy member of our society. The end of his probation or readmittance to Azkaban will be entirely up to him and his actions." Draco listened to the man telling him that he was sending him back to Hogwarts and his heart thudded wildly in his chest. They were … They might just let him go. "Mr. Malfoy, do you find this plan acceptable and yourself capable of carrying it out." Draco stared at him. What the hell other option did he have? "Yes." "All those in favor of the plan laid out before us for Draco Malfoy." He closed his eyes again. He couldn't bear to look. "All against." There was a rustle and sounds of movement. "This plan for probation has passed. Mr. Malfoy should be taken to retrieve his belongings and brought to Hogwarts immediately. He will not be permitted to stay in his mother's home until the end of his probationary period." Kingsley stood, his words still hanging in the air, and left the room. Draco felt the restraints around his arms and legs shake, loosen, and fall away. He also stood, confused and afraid to turn around. His mother, however, didn't seem to have the same issue. She flew into his arms, wrapping her own tightly around him. "Draco," she sobbed into his shoulder. He clutched onto her, breathing in her clean scent, so different from his own smell of filth and despair. "Mum." He choked on the word as a sob rose up from his dry throat. Draco felt a hand on his elbow. It was time to go. "You have to pass that class and stay out of trouble," his mother told him quickly. "Don't worry about me." She pulled back from him and the hand at his elbow was pulling at him. He had let it move him a few steps before he realized he should say something to Potter. He spun around to face the black-haired wizard, but he was already gone, as were Hermione and Luna. A/N: This story has four chapters written and ready to be posted, and it is pretty far into the planning phase. I can't make any promises about how often it will be updating. It will be back burner while I work on Starting Over. I am very invested in it, so it will get updated, but only when I have the time to devote to writing it the way I want it to be written. Thank you for reading, and I hope that you will let me know if you enjoyed this. XOXO Meg