away. It was hot, undeniably burning hot. The room felt like fire was scorching the walls and licking every surface surrounding Hermione, when in fact, it was. She wasn't sure what she was supposed to think, and actually didn't have time to do anything but jump unto wobbly feet instantly finding herself much shorter than she last remembered. Unable to process much else aside from the burning building Hermione made a mad dive for the doorway before the flames could reach her, only to stumble over something soft and unmoving. It's so hard to... breathe. Ignoring her chin slamming on the floor Hermione hastily looked over her shoulder to see a women lying on the floor staring at her with unblinking eyes, bloodshot, and very much dead. Scrambling to her feet Hermione got away from the dead women only to let out a small shriek when the ceiling collapsed in front of her. Wincing at the flames that just nearly grazed her cheek Hermione spun on her hell and immediately darted through the closest hallway and sprinted across the burning wooden floors hissing through her teeth as bare flesh tapped gently over flames. A cry suddenly broke through the air causing the witch to pause and look around quickly for the source of the sound. Silence met her ears at first and a thought registered that if she waited like this any longer the whole place would fall over her head, but she wasn't just going to leave someone alive in here. It'd be worst then the cruciatus curse: she'd never forgive herself. "Where are you?" Hermione yelled, instantly finding her voice unlike her own. What's happening? A cry and a shout before being followed by a scream to which Hermione responded with a full-out sprint down another hallway where flames were started out small on the walls but would no doubt grow in seconds. She knew there wasn't much time. Hermione found herself at a door where little hands were desperately poking out from under the door where flames lit the door from the back. Hermione desperately began to wiggle the door nob and tried to break it down with her shoulder but nothing was working. "Hold on!" She called feeling suddenly hopeless before an idea bolted through her in realization. She was a witch for crying out loud! "Alohomora!" A click sounded and suddenly the door was swung open and Hermione saw the soot covered faces of three little children, all whom were crying, and now staring in shock at Hermione with newfound hope in their eyes. "We need to get out of here!" Hermione told them before darting to the side, looking back repeatedly to see if they were following her. In truth she had no idea where they were going, she was just trying to find ground that wasn't thick with flames, and by the cries behind her she knew the flames were becoming too much. Hermione could hardly breath as it was but she wouldn't let these kids die, not like this. Suddenly sunlight caught her eye that led to a window beside a staircase and Hermione knew they found a way out. "Come on!" Four pairs of feet thundered through the building and quickly made it to the stairs. Hermione saw a door to outside just past the bottom of the stairs and stayed behind making sure the three kids got through. After the second boy got to the bottom of the stairs suddenly fire spat down from above them and Hermione barely had time to grab the smaller girl before throwing herself away from the incoming flame and watched as the staircase went with it. Damn. The little girl in her arms squirmed and sobbed no doubt seeing their last escape gone. "We need to get out of here!" Hermione told the girl only to receive no response from the sobbing girl. "It'll be okay, come on!" With a deep breath Hermione picked the girl up and rushed to the window as the flames quickly approached them. She put the girl down and glanced out the window to see a group of children and women below, two boys having been the one's she helped escape, along with a firetruck. Suddenly the window shattered and Hermione quickly shielded her face with her arm before looking down and seeing it was at most a twenty-foot drop. "Scar-" The little girl gasped causing Hermione to spin around and find the girl with her eyes shut and breathing very shallow. Suddenly the flames were to close and Hermione couldn't breathe, backed up against the window feeling the glass cut into her shoulder and back before looking down to see the flames seconds from touching the little girl. "No!" Throwing her hands out Hermione's vision was suddenly lit in a brilliant blue as the red and orange flames were pushed back by her own bluebell flames which protected them like a cloak. Hermione kept one of her hands up as she pulled the unconscious girl close to her chest before backing up to the window and with all her courage gathered together she let herself fall backwards. The last Hermione saw was the building collapsing down with them, and the many sounds of screams as she fell. With a final thought as the witch held tightly to the child tucked to her chest she whispered: Arresto Momentum This story has been one I've been wanting to publish for awhile and although many people probably won't like the relationship pairing, I hope the story will at least be given a chance. I had to resist a Fleurmione but we'll save those two for another story, another day. This may appear to be a godlike Hermione by first looks but I had to keep it real knowing Hermione would recall everything from the future for to use now in the past. I'll try to keep the story updated frequently, and hope you guys enjoy the story that follows. -Gothic Rain