doors to greet them cheerfully. He was tall and nowhere near pudgy as he once had been. He had rather neat dark brown hair and amber eyes, his round face was very welcoming. "Hello first years, I am Professor Longbottom," said Neville happily and ignored some snickers, "When you walk through these doors you'll see four tables, but before you join your classmates... You will be sorted by the sorting hat where it best thinks you should be. Now follow me." "Remember, no matter what house," said Scorpius, who was shocked at his own words. "Yes, no matter what house," said Albus as he glanced James and Fred whispering with some of their friends, he swallowed hard. "Good," sighed Scorpius as he glanced his sister, she was giving him a confident smile. He sighed and looked at the hat sitting upon the stool, what house would he be in. Scorpius often stuck out in his family. He knew he was smart like dad, but that really was it. His sister often said he was more like their mother than anything, but she was much bolder than he was. Nancy had taken a lot after their father, more than their mother; clever, smart, attention seeking, and confident. Scorpius mostly kept to himself, he didn't like conflict. He really didn't like getting people mad, but sometimes it just happened, he didn't know when to stop talking when he started. He supposed this was mostly due to having sisters, often forgetting when to stop talking but trying to stop the fighting at the same time. He almost leapt out of skin when he heard his name; he'd been so deep in thought he'd forgotten about the sorting. He walked up to the stool and sat down nervously, his heart was racing as the hat covered his eyes. "Oh? Another Malfoy. Well I see now. You're not much like your father at all... Hmm.. Your mind seems to show me that you are a bit of a sore thumb in your family; always the rebel in a way, ay. You have a thirst to prove yourself however, but you're loyal. Smart too. Ah, but I see who you truly are. Underneath all that worry and shyness, beats a strong mind, personality, and heart. Easier then I'd have thought. I have the perfect house for you. GRYFFINDOR!" yelled the sorting hat. Scorpius felt his stomach drop, and his eyes widened. As the hat was pulled off his eyes, he saw Professor Longbottom's fading shocked expression into a smile. The hall seemed silent, then slowly a few claps came from the Gryffindor table. He nearly stumbled as he left the stool, he glanced towards his sister, but he couldn't see her in his sprint towards the Gryffindor table. He froze, not sure where to sit, no one had really moved. To his shock, it was James who slid over and indicated next to him. James looked to be in his glory as he stared right towards the Slytherin table as Scorpius sat next to him. He looked to see the horrified face of his sister staring back. As was probably appropriate. The only Malfoy in Gryffindor. "Whoa," said Rose in shock, "I can't wait to tell dad this. He's going to lose it…. Brilliant." "Great, I'm up," said Albus with shock, he wanted to be in Gryffindor so bad; he crossed his fingers as the hat was placed on his head. "Ahh... Potter? Let's see. How strange, you seem so timid and shy but you have bravery deep within. Hmm, how strange, but I see where you want to go, and perhaps it'll help you find your strength. But I also see something else, maybe Slytherin… hmm. Very hard, but where shall I put you," said the sorting hat. "Please, Gryffindor, please," thought Albus, he really wanted to be there. "Oh, I see. Choosy are we, just like your father, I see. very well GRYFFINDOR!" said the hat and applause greeted the group, Albus ran to sit next to Scorpius. "Brilliant! Where in the same house!" said an excited Albus, which Scorpius smiled in response, though not as boldly as Albus. "Rose is up," interrupted James. "Okay, your fine," she smiled to herself as she sat on the stool and the hat flocked over her eyes. "Well now! Definitely smart. Ahh a Granger and a Weasley. Witt, brains, bravery, and quick tongue. Hmmm, where to put you. Well my dear, that's easy. How about GRYFFINDOR!" yelled the sorting hat. "Oh this is going to be great!" yelled Albus happily as she sat on other side of him, "Think about it!" "My parents are going to pass a cow," said Scorpius with a smile, "Yours?" "Well, It's not like we've created some weird vortex or blown up the castle," said Albus in defense. "To our parents, we might as well have," said Rose, "My Dad's going to flip when he hears Malfoy is in the same house as us." "With you two? Those can all happen," muttered Fred as he shook his head, "I'm pretty sure the three of you might just put that to an actual test. Haven't properly introduced myself, Fred Weasley. Cousins, with this lot." "Well, honestly going to say I'm actually a little more satisfied to say this than I should be," smirked James, "Welcome to Gryffindor, Malfoy." "I can't wait for class tomorrow," said Rose cheerfully, completely engrossed in what possibilities her first day of class might be. "Prepare yourself to hear that phrase over and over again," said Albus in a whisper, Scorpius really didn't get it, but as Rose started listing off their first classes and a little about them, he thought he might. "Noted," said Scorpius as he glanced over to where his sister had once been sitting, he grimaced, he knew exactly what she was doing, "I wonder if I should even bother writing my parents about this, looks like they'll know within the hour." TO BE CONTINUED