stance near the door and her heart pounding nervously. She couldn't place the point at which things had got weird between them, when they had stopped marching into each others rooms without needing a reason, when they'd stopped being able to ramble on for hours to each other about the silliest things "Hi," he greeted tentatively. "Hi." "Do you... have everything you need?" "Uh, yeh. Yes." "What about tea or coffee? Maybe lunch? You must be hungry, I can get Kreacher to make something." Tea or coffee? What was this, a business meeting? "I'm fine," she smiled, plopping back onto the bed. "Okay. Well, I just wanted to let you know that – um – Scorpius is coming over." "Oh." So it wasn't James coming round for dinner. "Well…that's fine." Fine. What a horrible word. "He's staying over," he said again, "For about a week." "Okay, Al," she said slowly with an exaggerated smile. "I just wanted to check if you're okay with that." "He's your friend. This is your house – you can have whoever you like over." Was it her or was Albus acting a little weird? Granted she wasn't close with Scorpius Malfoy but they vaguely acknowledged each other's presence and she could generally get on with most people. Certainly be cordial enough to get through a week in this massive house, they could have separate floors for themselves. "I just wanted to make sure you were okay with everything," Albus said uncertainly. "Okay," she smiled, "Well I am." "Okay." He was leaving and she was gathering up her book from her bed when she suddenly thought – "Albus… Why wouldn't I be alright? What do you know?" "Know? Me?" That face was a dead giveaway: stoic and expressionless, as if he was schooling his features. She rolled her eyes exaggeratedly. "You're a terrible liar for a Slytherin, Albus Potter," she said with a pursed lips and a raised eyebrow "That's not true, I lie to my parents all the ti – " "Well then just remember I know you, Albus." She wanted to remind him about all the times the two of them had played pranks on their family when they were younger and blamed in on their other cousins. "I know when you're covering up something… Oh Merlin. You know , don't you?" He paused for a split second, probably to weigh up his options, and then gave a resigning sigh. "Fine. Yes, I know... Emery's in my Astronomy class and he was – you know – showing… people." Albus admitted with a wince. "Oh God." Rose buried her face in her hands. "Oh God !" She threw her hands back off her face in exasperation, her wild red curls springing back. "Did you see?" "What? Ew! No! " Albus shook his hands frantically at her, his eyes stretched disturbingly wide. "Wow, thanks Al…" "You know I don't mean it like that, Rosie – It's just – " "I know…" She moaned. "Ugh, did Scorpius Malfoy see? Is that why – " "No, he didn't look. I mean, he knew Emery was passing round a… revealing photo of you but he didn't look." "Really?" She asked sceptically. In her experience of teenage boys none of them were usually so honourable as to miss out on chance to see a girl naked, if not for wanking escapades then just to objectify, compare and contrast with what other girls would probably look like naked. Emery Littlewood being case in point. " Really ," Albus insisted, taking a further step into the room, "He's decent, you know?" She didn't know what she was really meant to say, she hardly knew the guy afterall and with all those letters she'd got yesterday she was starting to think decency was hard to come by. Her major concern though, was that this photo thing was a much bigger issue than she had originally thought. It wasn't just her group of Gryffindors who knew, it had reached other houses and Emery had been sharing it around in his classes like a bowl of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans. The prick. "Anyway…" Albus finally said after her long silence, "I was just letting you know so you could prepare or whatever." Prepare? What did he think she could do? Go back in time and slap some sense into herself before she took the darn photo? Run away? Make herself invisible? Wait. That last option was quite feasible what with Uncle Harry's Invisibility Cloak. "Yeh," she replied quietly, her eyes directed at nothing in particular. "And if you want to talk, you know... " He shrugged, uncertain whether he would really be of any comfort to her but she appreciated the gesture. That was the other thing about Albus, he never forced his way into a matter and foisted unsolicited advice upon people, but then again that was a distinctly Gryffindor trait and he was not a Gryffindor. Rose watched him as he began to slink away unassumingly. "Thanks Al," she called after him, and he simply gave her a trademark lopsided grin before he closed the door and left her to her ponder what a mess she had got herself into. - x X x - A/N: Hi all, this is my first piece of fanfic so be easy on me ;) but constructive criticism is most welcome! As you can see, it's going to be a multichapter coming of age drama and so I'm aware that Rose may not be the most likeable person but I hope you can still sympathise with her in some way. At the beginning of the chapter I wrote the 8 types of love that the Greeks distinguished between and I want Rose to learn about each one of those at some point in the story, not just romantic love or lust. Anyway, I'll let the story speak for itself so thanks for reading my first chapter and let me know what you think in the reviews!