on his chest. The sensation of her was perfection. The image of her above him, in that bloody tie , her face full of emotion and satisfaction was even better. She bobbed on him, moving quickly, bouncing her body up and down in a rhythm that made him crazy, pulling him closer and closer to his release. From this angle, it was all too easy for him to move his hand between them, his thumb on the bundle of nerves that made her tremble atop him. "Draco," she murmured as she moved, and he loved the sound of his name on her lips. "I'm, oh …" And then she was shuddering uncontrollably. He pulled her down to the bed, kissing her hard through the waves. When she was done, looking up at him with wide, satisfied eyes, he began to move, sliding inside of her again. He pumped quick and steady, his own release beginning after three short movements. She dug her nails into his back as he clenched his eyes shut and emptied inside of her. "Fuck," he said again, rolling to his side. "You are amazing. I love you." The words slid out easily, and somewhere in his mind,he knew that he should be nervous. He probably shouldn't have said them after this, but he didn't care. "I love you, too," she told him, and that voice instantly vanished. XXX It was Teddy's birthday again. They were there together on the sofa. She had her legs over his, and they were watching Teddy chase Victoire around the room. She had stolen the Viktor Krum doll that Ron had bought Teddy. The man had smirked at Draco as soon as the boy had opened it. Draco had glared back pointedly, unamused. They had run into Viktor at a game Harry, Ginny, Ron, Oliver, and Draco had drug Hermione to just last month, and Draco had not been amused by the way the man had held onto Hermione or the way his eyes drank her in. Ron had spent the rest of the night laughing about it. Draco leaned over towards her, and Hermione met his lips with a sweet, soft kiss. He still had a hard time believing that this was his life now. He was in love with this woman, this brilliant, beautiful, muggleborn. "Let's take a walk," he suggested when the party had all but ended. The stragglers were close family who had shifted from celebrating Teddy to catching up. They wouldn't be missed. "Okay." Hermione let him take her hand, and he led her out the door into the garden. They walked the stone path as they refused to let go of each other. When they reached the shed, Draco moved off the path to walk around the back where they wouldn't been seen from the house. He kissed her hard and she clung to him tightly. She let him push her back up against the shed as his hands roamed the skin under her shirt. His lips moved from hers to brush lightly against the sensitive skin below her ear. "You look so bloody good in this skirt." "Draco, this is Teddy's birthday party," she reminded him. "I don't care. It's basically over. Besides, you shouldn't have worn that damn skirt. You know what it does to me." "Maybe I wore it on purpose," she suggested, her eyes dancing with mischief. "You little minx," he growled. "You love me," she replied. "So much. I can't wait to get you home and rip this damn thing off of you," Draco told her. She moaned at the suggestion and pushed her hips back against him. "Fuck," he whispered harshly in her ear. "We're going to have to celebrate up against the door, and on the counter, and the floor, and the sofa, and maybe, eventually, we will make it to the bed." He kissed her with every new suggestion. "Celebrate what?" she asked, her voice husky. "We will have to practice for making our own little terrors that will need to have annoying birthday parties which you will no doubt insist I attend." "What?" Hermione's voice was serious now, her shock apparent. They had never talked about this. She had hinted, tried to determine if he wanted children, but he always joked his way out of the topic by poking fun at their many, many experiences babysitting Teddy. "If you're going to be my wife, we will have to have at least two of the horrible things. How could we deny the world such beautiful specimens? My good looks and your brains?" He pulled back just enough to see her face. Her mouth had fallen open, and her eyes were wide. "Your... what?" she finally sputtered. "My wife, of course." Draco repeated as he reached into his pocket, grabbing the loose ring waiting within. "Oh my ..." Hermione watched his movement carefully, following the small circle as he moved it closer to her hand. His other hand cupped her chin, pulling her face up to look at him. "Marry me," he said as he held her gaze. "Yes," she replied as she felt the band slide down her finger, magically adjusting to her hand. "I love you," he whispered, moving his lips back to her ear. She wrapped her arms tightly around his neck and pulled him against her as she cried softly. "I love you, too," she choked out. They stood there, against the shed, hiding, kissing softly, memorizing the moment for a long time. When Draco leaned in to whisper in her ear one last time,he felt her relax again. "I finally surprised you. I'm totally in charge tonight," he told her, his hand snaking up her thigh. "Oh, Draco," she grumbled, slapping him away. She marched off back towards their friends and family, grinning as she heard him race to catch up behind her. A/N: I hope that you enjoyed this OS ! Please follow for more Dramione goodness as inspiration strikes. XOXO Meg