ran his hand over the fabric, feeling the thickness that he so desired at this time of year, running his hands over the ornate silver clasps. "And what charms would those be, my love?" Hermione's hands joined her husband's as they traced the intricate stitching. "Well," she explained, "I know how you get so focused on your potions, so I added stain-proof and burn-proof charms from top to bottom. And here-" she touched the clasps, her fingers tracing the serpents that were etched in the metal- "I made the clasps open with a simple push of magic. You can be free from them with the tiniest of touches." Severus covered her hand in his, and met her eyes with desire. "You would like that, then?" he smiled. "You would like me free of my robes? In mere moments? " He felt pleased that his words garnered a slow inhalation from his wife as her eyes drifted towards his soft smile. "The faster the better, my love," she whispered, leaning forward to plant a kiss on his lips. He pushed into the kiss hungrily, wrapping his arms around her and digging his fingers into her robes. She mimicked the action to the front of his chest, pushing up onto her toes to return his passion. The two might be modest in many ways, but in their kisses, they burned red hot. Tea with Hermione had grown to be a near-daily occurrence. He had noticed, with annoyance, that her visits to his home were quickly becoming the highlight of his day. When she failed to show, it was often with a heavy disappointment that he partook alone, glaring at the paper or into the fire. He had long abandoned his home in Spinner's End, and was pleased to find immense comfort in his new place of residence, so it was with a less than pleased attitude that he admitted that on the days without Hermione pestering him, the house would stifle him with unbearable quiet. He fought the urge on numerous occasions to seek her out, instead opting to fill his time pacing in front of his shelves, pulling book after book from its place and tossing it aside once the pages failed to hold his attention. When at last it was time for him to return to his potions, it was with a sort of relief. Sometime in June, Hermione failed to show for an entire week. It was all Severus could do to stay put, to not reach out to her. " It was about bloody time the woman realized the sort of company she kept," he muttered to himself as he set to do some housework. " Imagine what I can get done now without her many distractions. I might finally manage to have a thought to myself from time to time." Despite his harsh words, the moment his floo was activated he hurried to the hall in hopes- no, just simple curiosity- that his visitor may be someone overdue for tea. Surely enough, Hermione Granger stood in his living room, a smile on her face and a bag over her shoulder. " Miss me?" she asked cheekily. Ignoring the pleasant bubble of emotions rising into his chest, Severus leaned against the doorframe and raised his eyebrows. " Were you gone? I haven't noticed." " You're grinning," she laughed. " You did miss me!" Plopping down into her usual spot on the sofa, she waved him to his armchair. " I missed you, too. Shall we have tea?" Annoyed, but only just, he summoned the tea things and began fussing over the pot. " And what, pray tell, has kept you from my company for so long?" he asked, eyes on the tea tray. " I was sent overseas," she replied. " My advocacy for the House Elves has made me quite a popular woman these days, it seems. I've been involved in contracts and treaties all over the magical community. They wanted me in Egypt. Egypt! Have you been? It's so lovely. We should go! Though you might burn up in their sun," she added, leaning forward to see him better under his curtain of hair, "with that dungeon master complexion you still seem to favor." The tea was brewing. He sat across from her, noticing for the first time how her skin had tanned to a nice warm amber, and how her hair seemed marginally lighter in color. " Did you just return?" he asked, motioning to the large bag she had set by her feet. " Straight from Egypt to the Ministry, straight from the Ministry to you," she smiled. " I'm exhausted. International Wizard Travel is almost as tiring as Muggle travel." Severus frowned. " And yet you haven't gone home? Why are you here, instead of in your bed?" " I wanted to do something I have missed so dearly," she explained, and he noticed with curiosity that a blush formed as she met his gaze. " Have tea with my good friend." He found himself at a loss for words. The teapot whistled, and he made himself busy preparing the cups. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Hermione fidget in her seat. He added a touch of cream, a sugar cube, a quick stir, and stood to hand her the cup. He jumped- she had stood to meet him. Her hands joined his on the saucer. " I did miss you," she whispered, staring up at him. His heart skipped a beat, and he could feel his face flush. Her body was so close… " I missed you, too," he returned, unsure why he said it but knew it to be the truth. Her eyes lit up, and Severus was lost in the chocolatey orbs. She smiled, and his eyes drifted to her lips, seconds before she leaned in and kissed him. Hermione pulled back from his embrace, pink cheeked and breathless. "Happy Valentine's day, Severus." "Happy Valentine's Day, Hermione."