moved so that Shadowpaw was no longer underneath him. Padfoot attempted to communicate with Shadowpaw, but all he heard were whimpers, that could almost sound like a baby's cry. " Why can't I communicate with him, Moony? " Padfoot was worried something had happened to Shadow's mind during the transformation. " The cub is a newborn. " Moony stated matter-of-factly. " Newborn? But how? The boy has had fourteen years of life. " Padfoot was exceedingly confused. " In human years, yes. " Moony stated, crawling forward on his belly in order to get close to his cub without scaring him. " However, this is his first transformation. Thus, he is a newborn in mind until the moon falls. " Padfoot gently pushed Shadowpaw forward, towards Moony. " How long will this last, Moony? " " He shall retain his newborn state of mind for a year of transformations. As a human newborn advances, as will my cub. " Moony took Shadowpaw by the scruff of the neck and settled him down next to him, wrapping around the pup protectively. Moony grimaced. " The potion is starting to work, Mate. " " One more question, then, Moony. Will the potion work on Shadowpaw at all? " Padfoot shifted from paw to paw. " No. Not until his thirteenth transformation. " And, like that, Moony's mind was replaced by Remus' " Well, what'd I miss, Puppy? " Padfoot sighed. " It's a long story, Beautiful. " He groaned as he laid down next to Remus on the opposite side of Shadowpaw. Padfoot grinned in a dog sort of way and flicked his tail over Shadowpaw's nose. He kept on doing it until Shadowpaw started biting at it playfully, making cute little playful growling noises. However, Shadowpaw never moved from where he was laying. Padfoot stopped playing with Shadowpaw and licked his face in a parental gesture. Padfoot then began to explain what Moony told him. " So, we can't communicate with him? " Remus questioned, staring down at the pup who was watching him avidly. " You can try, Beautiful. But it's as effective as having a full blown conversation with a newborn baby. " Remus nodded then stood up and walked to the other side of the living room. Shadowpaw started whining and Remus heard that it did indeed sound like a baby crying whenever Remus probed his mind. " Shadowpaw, " the werewolf pup looked up. " Come to Mama. " Shadowpaw blinked and attempted to stand on very shaky puppy legs. He was about to fall when Padfoot caught him by the scruff of the neck and set him right. Shadowpaw then took his first tentative step forward. All the while, Remus and Padfoot were remembering when they first taught Shadow to walk. Remus had gone to the other side of the room while Sirius stayed over with Shadow. Remus coaxed the boy to stand and before the baby could balance himself, he started to fall over. Had it not been for Sirius catching hold of his hand, he would've landed on his bottom. Remus was snapped out of his memory when he felt Shadowpaw nuzzle him. The pup yawned, an adorable sound to the two adults. The pup curled up between his Mama and Dad and fell asleep. Remus and Padfoot shrugged and laid down on opposite sides of the cub, deciding to follow Shadowpaw's brilliant example. Chapter Twenty-Two It was odd for Shadow to think about all that had transpired in just a years time. He was happy that it happened though. He was even happier when he was told that while he was in his wolf form, he would have an infant's state of mind for a year. He found this gave his parents time to do things they didn't get to with him; a second chance at raising him, if you will. He had decided to not tell Ron and Hermione. He felt that it should be a family thing. And, as much as he loved Ron and Hermione, they weren't family. It was very weird to go around the school and everyone know his identity. He wasn't Harry Potter, boy-who-lived anymore. No, now he was Shadow Remus Lupin-Black, smartest and most devious boy in their year. Both of his parents were proud of that. However, his Mama could've done without his mischief and Sirius could've gone without the smarts. Sirius was always proven wrong by both his husband and son, and quite frankly, he felt like a right idiot whenever he opened his mouth around them. But, he loved the brainiacs anyway. Shadow wasn't sure if it was discovering he was the offspring of two men, or if it was seeing his Mama and Dad together, but Shadow was one-hundred percent sure he was gay. Shadow was contemplating his newfound sexuality when he felt an arm shoot out and pull him into an alcove. He stared up at the person and sighed when he realized it was Malfoy. "What do you want, Malfoy?" Shadow sighed. He didn't like how short he was compared to Malfoy now. Granted, he was roughly the size of a twelve year old now, but it still made him very vulnerable. "What's your deal, Lupin-Black?" Surprisingly to Shadow, there was no malice in his voice. "What do you mean?" "I mean, what's your preference? Blokes or chicks?" "Umm..." Shadow tugged at his tie, loosening it. Did it just get hot in here? he thought. "Blokes, I suppose." Malfoy smiled. "Great. I'm taking you to Hogsmead next weekend. Meet me at the Entrance Courtyard at nine o' clock tomorrow." Malfoy turned to leave. "Oh, and you can call me Draco from now on, Shadow." Draco winked and left, leaving a confused Shadow behind. Merlin, if I thought last year was odd, I don't even want to imagine this year! Shadow laughed to himself and went to find his Dad to see if Sirius wanted to help prank Remus before dinner.