on her hands but she still couldn't get past the stupid invisible barrier. It clung onto her skin like nothing she'd ever seen . "There must be another way of getting out of this, surely!" Ron exclaimed, running anxious hands through his hair. "Well," Hermione said hesitantly, "It's mistletoe, remember," she gave him a look which told him he should be picking up on a hint. He remembered his parents putting it up above the front door at the Burrow so they had an excuse to kiss every time one of them came home- "Nooo," Ron gawped, "really?" Hermione straightened up, having cowered slightly at breaking it to him. "Indeed." "Well," Ron blushed, "it's not that bad I suppose! I'm glad it's you and not Harry." They laughed nervously and Hermione rocked on the balls of her feet. "And you're sure?" "Ron," Hermione grimaced, "we have tried literally anything we could think of." Ron considered the situation. Truthfully, the more he considered it, the more he enjoyed the idea. It was Hermione. After realising at the Yule Ball the previous year that she was, in fact, a girl, he had considered this fact more and more, and perhaps he had noticed that Hermione had been doing the same in acknowledging that he was male, and not just a silly child. He had caught her once or twice looking at him a certain way, and he had often been made too many glances her way to go unnoticed. They laughed at the things the other said, and found a mutual ground somehow. It was not forced, and Ron couldn't help but find this more and more attractive. He stepped forwards to make himself accessible, though cringed intensely as she stared, terrified. "Come here then," he laughed. Her face changed from fright to indignation in a split second, but he could see a little smile. "Oh, alright then, Casanova!" Ron snorted. "Do you want to get out of this corridor or not?" "You're so utterly charming," she said, voice dripping with sarcasm. "What, you want me to get down on one knee?" "Just get it over and done with." "Now look who's the hopeless romantic..." he opened his arms in a gesture for her to join him. "It'll be like when we hug but just a little more awkward than it already is." Hermione laughed and walked up to him. "Come here and I'll hug you first to make it less painful for you," he joked, trying to be as chivalrous as possible, even though his insides were burning and he could see the colour was high on her cheeks. Seeing her flushed didn't help anything. Bloody uncomfortable. He wrapped his long arms around her and felt her shaking slightly. Was it really that awful to kiss him? "I'm glad it's you and not Harry as well," she muttered into his shoulder, "I don't know if you've ever seen him eat spaghetti but it's off-putting." Now it was Ron's turn to laugh. It wasn't that bad kissing him, then. "Ok, let's do this then," she said with a nervous exhalation, and he did. It wasn't anything that crossed boundaries, no inappropriate hands or anything overzealous. He just leaned down, put a hand on the back of her neck and kissed her for a few seconds. Respectfully. Hermione did not react, but felt the silver dust particles on both of them begin to lift off their skin, suspended in the air. Ron drew away slowly and noticed that they were now surrounded by a cocoon of dust. It was ever so slowly floating upwards. He grinned. "I think we did it," he smiled, his voice weak. Hermione nodded and regarded the scene curiously. He still held her gently. She smiled. "Thanks, Ron." She had kissed him one other time in their lives, and it had been on his cheek. This time, the thrill was far more intense and cemented her in his arms, as if she never wanted to move again. It was a revelation: is this what she wanted? Is this what he wanted? "We shouldn't tell Harry about this... he'd rip us to shreds," Ron suggested. Seeing the deflated look on her face, he added "not that it wasn't enjoyable." "That's fair enough," she agreed, "no one would let us live it down, especially not him or your family." They knew who they were thinking of: his mother and the twins. "Mum would cry. She'd plan the wedding and all." They both looked alarmed at the mere thought. "Come on, people will get ideas if we don't get back before dinner." Hermione siphoned the rest of the dust from Ron's levitating robes, just in case the magic it held hadn't worn off. The hand he had on her neck previously went to her shoulder and she led the way through the secreted little tunnel back to the common room. They avoided eye contact like anyone would, but walked with less space between them than usual. Fred knew. He must have known. As soon as they walked in past the Fat Lady his ears seemed to perk up and he nudged Lee Jordan and George who were fiddling with a skiving snackbox that had glued itself shut. Hermione had neatened herself up to an obsessive degree and Ron had suddenly distanced himself from her. He noticed his brothers staring and mouthed ' what ?' but they merely shrugged. Just as they strode past them to the fireplace where Harry sat puzzling over a chart from Trelawney, Fred stood up and called "Hermione!" They both froze like rabbits in front of a fox. Fred grinned. "You've got a bit of dust just there," and he gestured at the side of his nose. She glanced at Ron who gave her a startled look of recognition. Hermione scrubbed at her nose with her sleeve and walked away to sit with Harry. Ron looked at Fred who said "the Juggling Jester and I are good friends."