be ready to fully admit it to herself, she knew it wasn't working. She could pretend that this was a professional interaction (and that was a real stretch), but that didn't stop her heart from thrumming faster in her chest. It didn't slow the racing blush that spread across her cheeks. The only thing that her war-tested willpower could do was minimize her leaning into his touch. "Our first date, our first threesome, meeting each other's parents, the first time either of us gives the other a foot rub, spending the night in each other's beds, the first meal we share. All of the important things, you know." Draco whispered the words into Hermione's ear, and she decided that he must be purposely talking lower. His voice wasn't usually so deep, and dare she say, sexual. "Any others coming to mind?" Hermione could feel herself losing her ability to think with every whispered word and heated touch. She wanted to pull a quip out of her pocket, to show to Draco that he couldn't beat her. She searched her mind for some mindless small talk topic, but her thoughts keep coming back to how much she enjoys the feel of his lean physique just short of touching her. Hermione knows that when she fails to respond he will leave, and she will be tortured with this back and forth again. This push and pull that Draco instigates seemingly at the drop of a hat. She's tried to track the days it happens so she can find the pattern he's following, but even that proved futile. There was no specific time that he chose to grace her with his presence, it was entirely at the random chance of his will. The game of dice that her time at work had become was fraying her nerves, and she needed an end to these weeks of teasing torture. So close and yet so far. Waiting for the initial disappointment, she savored his breath against her neck while she was still given it. However, it never came. Hermione had failed, allowing the banter to fall short, not returning his taunt with one of her own, and yet he was still there. "Had I thought far enough ahead, I would have gotten a photo of myself sliding in and ou-" And with that, the coil of lust and anger that had been residing within Hermione finally snapped. "Draco!" Hermione shouted, slamming her hands flat atop her desk. "I get it! I overreacted, is that what you want from me?" Draco was still standing behind her, and in her anger she had bent herself back against him. This was all too familiar. With the sandalwood cologne and the teasing reminders and his powerful presence looming always nearby, she could never escape their night together. She would be forever haunted by Draco Malfoy and what they'd done. "I shouldn't have called the meeting, I shouldn't have brought it up, I shouldn't have even said anything! I get it!" Hermione spun where she stood, looking straight to his grey eyes. She had guessed that by now his face would be shining with the gleam of victory, and she was right. "Yes, Granger, that is exactly what I've been looking for!" Draco's voice was only too pleased with her break, and it had risen slightly from the seductive charm it had held moments ago. Hermione was displeased that she knew his voice well enough to tell when it was different. "That meeting was bloody stupid, and you know it." "Draco! That meeting was the appropriate response to the situation, whether it's what you wanted to hear or not." One of Hermione's palms held onto her own hip, raising her nose only slightly at him. Draco rolled his eyes, smugly grinning with the mirth of having finally gotten the satisfaction of truly winning. "Maybe a passing remark or a congratulations were due, but I absolutely did not need a bloody meeting for you to tell me that we needed to forget our fruitless indiscretion." Draco took the time to make what Hermione determined was a rude pantomime of her words during the meeting. " I had no need for you to alert me of the need for a calm rational step back and how we mustn't threaten our careers over a passing romance ." "Do you find any of that not true?" Hermione ignored the rolling of Draco's eyes. "All of that was accurate and rational." "Granger!" Draco stared into her brown eyes for a moment, seemingly shocked that she was still looking to defend her previous stance. "I didn't propose to you in front of the floo; we fucked! I can assure you that I've slept with plenty of witches here in the Ministry and not a single time have I lost my bloody mind and ability to function just over that!" "As sordid and diverse as I'm sure your history of companions must be, Draco, that is not the point of this discussion-" " This is a row, Granger." "The point is that I did not want the hard work being done here to be affected by a momentary slip up. Both of us needed to act with purpose and thought-" Draco's lips slammed onto hers, tired of watching her dig her heels ever deeper into quicksand. Hermione still fundamentally disagreed with his defense and his actions for the last few weeks, but was wholly diverted by the sweet release of Draco's lips on hers once again. She had tried to pull away when he pushed, to escape his teasing and his flirting, but she had seen how absolutely maddening that had become. It seemed all she could do now was push back. With his body finally pressed against her again, with his palms on her hips, with his mouth on hers, it was exactly what she had been missing since the first time. "The point is that you are bloody infuriating, witch." He growled into Hermione's mouth