said, his eyes going red. "Then I will be in power, forever." Ginny woke up, turning around in her chair to see Harry shaking. He looked as white as a sheet. Blood was pouring out of several cuts. "Leave her alone!" Harry shouted, the shakes getting more violent. "Let her go Riddle." Harry was tied against the tree. Voldemort had Ginny bound, his wand against her neck. Harry tried to get away from the bonds that prohibited his escape, but every time he tried, he couldn't. He was trapped, unable to protect Ginny from Voldemort. " Leave her alone!" Harry shouted, worrying about Ginny. "Let her go Riddle!" He felt the side of his pocket and remembered that his wand was there. He tried to get it out, but the top of his pocket was covered with the ropes bonding him. Avada Kedavra" Voldemort aimed at Ginny, killing her instantly. "You lose again Potter." He laughed maniacally, dropping Ginny to the floor. " You killed her!" Harry shouted, summoning every ounce of strength that he had, reaching into his pocket for his wand. Eventually he managed to reach it, muttering a spell to release him from the ropes that Voldemort had created. He ran to Voldemort, aiming to get a good shot. "You killed her Riddle, and now it's your turn!" " Harry," he heard. It sounded like Ginny. "Harry, you can beat him." Next thing Harry knew, everything was black. Ginny leaned forward, placing her hands in his. "You killed her!" Harry shouted, fighting against Ginny. "You killed her Riddle, and now it's your turn!" "Harry," Ginny said, putting her head next to his. "Harry, you can beat him." She took his hand and held it in hers, hoping he would wake up soon. She felt him sit up, gasping for air. Harry turned to Ginny, his eyes opening, taking in her eyes. "Harry, I'm here, and Riddle is dead. You've had a nightmare, I helped you get out of it." Ginny said, standing up. "I need to get Madam Pomfrey. She needs to look at you again as you're bleeding." "I'm bleeding?" Harry said, reaching for the source of the bleeding. Suddenly a pain rocketed to his chest. Ginny sat down, noting his face, scared at what was happening. He moved his hand from the source of the blood to his chest. "Yes, your head is bleeding from where that git of a brother stunned you," she said, wrapping a new bandage round his head. "You hit the fire in the common room and went unconscious. "I dreamt that we were near the lake, by the tree, but he had you, and he killed you." Harry said, crying, "Why does it feel that every time that I sleep, I end up back against Riddle? I am getting fed up of this, these nightmares." "Harry, remember that you had part of him in you." Ginny said, her hands showing no release from his, "When I got possessed by him in my first year, I ended up getting haunted by nightmares of him. I still do, but I've learnt to think of you and me, by the lake." She turned around, reaching for a goblet that was left by Madam Pomfrey, handing it to Harry, urging him to drink a Dreamless Sleep potion. She lifted her wand and muttered a few spells, making sure that all the cuts wouldn't bleed any further. Hospital Wing, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 03 May 1998 Molly and Arthur Weasley rushed into the Hospital Wing that morning to see Harry still laying on the bed, his hands entwined with Ginny, their hair tangled together. They looked at them, a glow on Arthur's face. "Look at them," Arthur said, crying at the sight of his daughter. "Does that remind you of anyone Molly?" Yes they do." Molly said, pulling a tissue from her pocket. "Young James Potter had got engaged to Lily Evans and they were in St Mungos. That was the night my brothers were killed. James had been injured by a cutting curse and Lily was with him all night, lying half on the bed, half in a chair. Harry is just like his father, loving redheads!" "It still pains me to remember that night dear." Arthur said, crying, "You were in tears over it all. Charlie was only a couple of months old at the time. To think that out of all the people our age in the Order, me, you and Kingsley are the only ones left." "I know. Its pretty sad really that Harry has lost so much of his family," Molly said, crying, "I made a promise to Lily that I would look after her son if I can, and I will do, even if he becomes a stubborn so and so like James was." "I think we ought to let them rest dear." Arthur said to his wife, cuddling her, "And have words with young Ronald." "Indeed," Molly said, walking out of the Hospital Wing. "They're only young once." -After The Battle- The sun rose over Hogwarts, engulfing the room with brightness. A man wearing a dark robe over his head walked into the Hospital Wing, edging towards Harry and Ginny. Suddenly he saw a red light hit him, and darkness claimed him. -After The Battle- A/N – Story based on characters and storylines introduced in JK Rowling's Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. All rights to their various owners/creators. Some of the text was from JK Rowling's Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. The Confessions series poll results will be announced on the Facebook page on 12th April 2016. Just like "GryffindorTom" on Facebook to get all of the latest news, bits I'm working on, story updates and much more. Coming Up in Chapter 2 – Does Harry make it to the Memorial? Does Harry discover one of his worst fears? What causes a ruckus in the Hospital Wing