" Enough ." And then as if a starting bell had rung, the two warriors lurch toward each other with expert form as Lily readies herself to enter the fray. She catches James' eye from within the cave once Lucius has backed away, a grimace on his face at the duel. Taking a deep breath, Lily leaps from her hiding place, wielding her sword without hesitance and Riddle produces a second weapon seemingly from nowhere. Still his attention is divided enough that Lily is able to squeeze the blood from the slice on her palm and intone the words, forma excudo – and a tremor runs through the grassy landscape, almost imperceptible. But apparently not to Riddle, who shoots her a deadly glare as he advances toward her. "Foolish girl. I planned on letting you live." In a flash, all his attacks are focused on Lily; any other attention is simply parrying James' attacks. Despite his best efforts, James can't break into the fray before Riddle's blade pierces Lily's shoulder in a clean shot. She tumbles back with the force of it and Riddle's about to deal the deathblow when James finally wedges between them and absorbs the clash with his shield, thrusting Riddle back with a desperate shove. Lily's injury aside, the divided fight does knock Riddle down to one sword, making James' final assignment that much easier. Still, James' attention is half on Lily where she's dragged herself to the side of their makeshift arena. Lucius' attempts to finish Riddle's kill are halted when shots ring out from the trees, bullets spraying dirt and rocks up near his feet. When James' attention drifts to her prone and bleeding form again, Lily shuffles into a sitting position and shouts across the distance. " Do it , James!" So he practically shouts the words, rolling off his tongue with a familiarity he still hasn't achieved with English, despite his relative fluency. " Saxum fissure detergeo ." It grinds across the distance with a deadly accuracy and Riddle is stumbling again, but his rage intensifies in the face of impending defeat, and soon James' sword is knocked away. He manages to do the same to Riddle, and then he's abandoning his shield and they're scrabbling in the swaying grasses with grasping fingers and seething expressions. Desperate, Lily's making her way back over, sword dangling in her weaker hand, until James sees and shouts, "Go Lily! I'll hold him off. Make this worth it." Riddle's got a dangerous looking knife at James' throat now, just barely slicing his skin when he growls in his ear, "I'll kill you first Iacomus , make her watch and then she will be next and get her next – you will die knowing your sacrifice is for nothing, fool." Gritting his teeth, James feels the blade stab into his belly with a burning slice as he snarls, " You are the fool if you think I'd let you disarm me by accident." Before the taunt can register with an already boasting Riddle, James' golden dagger finds its home between Riddle's ribs and straight through his heart as James spits, " Saxum fissure detergeo ," and barely rolls out of the way before Riddle's turning to marble and crumbling away to dust. Then Lily's running over, her wound just starting to clot and silvery tears rising in her eyes. "You were not supposed to get stabbed, James." James coughs a laugh. "I've never been one for sticking to plans, cara ." She can't hold back the tears as they rise over her lids, a devastated chuckle scratching out of her throat. "Well you promised me a date." Shirt half shredded from Lily's attempts to make a bandage, James lifts a shaking hand to her cheek. "Don't hate me if I can't deliver, eh?" "You can bet I'll hate you," Lily growls as tears track down her dusty face in salty torrents. Sirius and Remus arrive quickly enough, taking James' legs and shoulders respectively and Sirius sends Lily a comforting smile. "How about we move this party to the doctors?" And then, for James, everything goes black. It's late morning when James finally wakes and Lily nearly jolts out of her chair, wincing as she upsets her sling. "You're one for dramatics sir – depriving me of proper sympathy because ' James is in a coma.'" Despite her laughing tone, her eyes are watery and James is reaching for her free hand as he asks softly, throat dry and scratchy from disuse, "Has it been long?" "Nearly a week." He squeezes her hand gently. "You alright?" Lily shrugs, grimacing when the habit jostles her injury. "Aside from my shoulder and a few bruised ribs, yeah." Eyeing her shoulder and side worriedly, James decides to get the truth from Sirius later. "And my prognosis?" She's grinning playfully now, more real than before. "Everything's back inside where it belongs." "Lily I-" Before he can finish, Sirius and Remus are storming in like a couple of bulls, door slapping shut behind them. "You may be my sister, but that doesn't mean you can disregard my explicit instructions to be notified of any changes in our hero's status." Rolling her eyes, Lily drawls, "Can't a woman have a moment alone with her beau?" Remus smirks at that as he settles in a cozy chair near the unlit fireplace. "I believe the correct answer is no . But technically she's not really your sister." Sirius gasps, scandalized. "And what is that supposed to mean, Lupin?" James laughs and tugs on Lily's hand, drawing her closer. "They'll be at it for a bit. Fancy a 'glad to be alive' snog?" Lily leans in, skipping his lips and breathing into his ear, "If you ever pull a stunt like that again, I'll kill you myself." Nuzzling her cheek, James manages to maneuver so her lips are hovering over his when he asks, "And if I promise to behave?" "I'll make it worth your while." "Deal."