a Gryffindor. I almost groaned out loud when Lavender Brown waved me over. Scratch my earlier statement, any other Gryffindor. My immediate response was a look of fear, which I then had to mask with a smile. So that's what screwed up my chances of pretending I hadn't seen her, and was why I forced myself to keep my smile as I walked numbly over to her. "Hello!" she said cheerfully. I saw her lip curl up a bit as she saw what I was wearing, but she pushed it down in no time. "Hi Lavender…" I tried to say with enthusiasm. Least be known, I failed epically. She didn't even flinch at my tone. "So how's everything going? You and Ron an item yet?" She said the last sentence like how I greeted her. "Um, no, I don't think so… It's complicated," I muttered and scratched my neck. Lavender's face shone with true happiness. "Pity! Maybe it'll happen tonight," she said over-enthusiastically. For some reason I had an inkling that we both had our own versions of 'it.' I gave her a farewell smile and looked around, noticing that it was packed. I made my way through the tables, this time looking for the one with my name on the chair. I found my seat at the front with Harry, Ron and Ginny already there. Neville and some others were at a table next to ours. Harry was still acting as before, but Ginny just looked all out depressed. "Welcome, welcome!" Kingsley's voice announced through his wand. "Would everyone please find their seats so we can get started?" There was a murmur of agreement over the crowd and a bit of shuffling as everyone was settled. Harry glared at Kingsley as he took in a breath before he spoke. "Perfect, now, this evening we will be having a three course meal, - " Ron's face lit up. I rolled my eyes. "- then there will be an auction where all proceeds will go to restoring the Wizarding World to its former glory." Kingsley suddenly became very weary. "And at the very end of the night I will be making an important announcement that will apply to everyone . Enjoy!" A buzz filled the room as everyone began talking, whether or not it was about the announcement, everyone was talking. Well, everyone but our table. Ron seemed to be spacing out while Ginny and Harry were silent, as they have been - mostly - since I got here. You know something's wrong if Ginevra Weasley has only said three sentences to you in the course of fifteen minutes. I decided to entertain myself as we waited for the food to come. My eyes fell to the tables around us, and that's where I saw a group of Slytherins in the back. The blonde caught my eye, and I scowled immediately. What the hell are they doing here? What the hell is he doing here? I guess the rich will always have their advantages. Lousy rich people, barely working for anything in their lives. Sure some are nice, but the lot of them are rude and arrogant. A prime example of what could go wrong is Draco Malfoy, the spoilt little brat he is. My glare ventured to his face on its own accord, and I didn't hesitate to strengthen it when his eyes met mine. He didn't glare back, like I thought he would. Instead he smirked at me playfully with a twinkle in his eye. My face blanched of its own accord, and he openly laughed at me from across the room. I crossed my arms over my chest and turned my red face away from the table of Slytherins. Revenge is too immature for something as immature as this, but if, and I mean if I were to get revenge, I'd definitely do it later. This room is too public for my liking. The feast was spectacular. The cook must've been Italian because it was noodles after pasta and noodles and cheese and cheese and cheese. Not that I'm complaining, though. It was bloody delicious. After the last plate was taken away - surprise, surprise, it was Ron's - the tables vanished and a band appeared. And like most bands do, they started to play music. At first I was hanging out with Harry, Ron and Ginny, but they were all still silent and/or sulky, so I decided to go and mingle again. I probably should've stayed where I was, but I was at risk of boredom killing me. Nasty little wanker boredom is, that one. Walking around seemed to be even more boring than standing still. Now I had to think of things to say to boring people that couldn't take a hint. I would've left by now, but I'm strangely interested in what Kingsley has to say at the end of the night. But then McGonagall saved me. "Miss Granger," she greeted. I smiled brightly. "Hello Professor," I said. "Congratulations on making Head Girl. You and Miss Quirke will do a great job this year. I trust that you will work together equally in your duties," McGonagall said in the stern but trusting way that only she can pull off. This year two Head Girls and two Head Boys were selected; one from each the returning 7th years and from the new seventh years. "Yes, and I'm sure Anthony and Damian will help also," I said, remembering the Head Boy's names from the letter McGonagall sent me with only slight difficulty. Our conversation soon turned boring, and I was sincerely disappointed. Can no one entertain me? :(:):(:):(:):(:):(:):(:) A/N: Word count: 4,045. So, what do you think? I promise it gets better. Nothing here should be taken seriously, I warn you. I'm writing this with my inner child in the driver's seat. Should I continue? I probably will anyway. If you don't like this one, check out my other story. That one's completed. Until next time, -GG222