last name and people will think I'm as evil as they were? Wh-" I was cut off by a pair of lips crashing into mine. All of the hairs on my body instantly became electrified. "I'll be there," Ron said breaking the kiss. "What?" I said completely oblivious to having asked a question in the first place. Ron just grinned and gently kissed me this time. I pulled him in closer, deepening the kiss. I leaned back, taking him with me. Something poked me in the back, "Oww." I squealed pulling something out from the cushions. It was a book. I turned it over and saw that it had my mother's name written across the middle of the cover. "What would something that belonged to my mother be in my father's childhood home? I was always told that their families hated each other." I opened the book and realized it was a diary. September 1st, Today would be my last train ride to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I was to be Head Girl. I was so excited I barely slept. My mother was so proud of me. Now, all I needed to know was who was to be Head Boy with me. I hope it's someone from Ravenclaw, so our house has double the pride. Just as long as it's not someone from Slytherin. Her train of thought must have been interrupted because the next entry was from later on that night. Bedtime It's not really bedtime, but I'm hiding in my room in the Heads quarters. My worst nightmare, Lestrange is my fellow Head. Why did it have to be a Slytherin?! And then like a page of what I'm guessing were wizarding cuss words because Ron snorted. I turned to look at him, "What's so bloody funny?" I noticed I was picking up on their sayings already. "This entry reminds me of my best mate's parents when they were in Hogwarts." I skipped a couple of pages in the diary October 31, Halloween The headmaster has allowed us to have a Halloween Dance. I'm excited. I had jinxed my robe to rotate colors of the rainbow and my hair did the same. I sprinkled on some glitter to make me shine and started to head to the dance. I ran into my mortal enemy and he reached out to keep me from falling. My skin burned where his hands touched the bare flesh of my arms. Not in a bad way either. I continued out the door, stepping into the prefects bathroom to write this. What was that? Not that we touch a lot, I try to avoid it at all cost, but anytime we've touched, nothing abnormal happened. Oh MERLIN! Why didn't I think of it?! We never had skin to skin contact. Bloody hell?! The entry ended. The next was dated around Christmas. December 22, I'm home for the holidays, I would have never thought that I would have fallen for someone from Slytherin, much less a Lestrange. I had asked mum about the touching thing when it happened and she refused to talk to me until I got home. She pulled me in her room, sealed the room so no nosy creatures could eavesdrop. Now, who is this boy that's gotten you knocked up?! Were her first words. My jaw dropped. How? I asked her. The burning sensation? Our family, the women only, and their respective mates, always feel it whenever they touch their soulmate I stopped reading. "That's not possible," I said in disbelief looking at Ron. He grabbed the diary and I ran into the bathroom, locking the door. "This is MY life!" I screamed. "Destiny and soulmates don't exist!" I cried my eyes out, more out of the secrecy my parents had, than the fear that the man I was meant to spend the rest of my life with, was in the other room. "Kyleigh?" Ron's voice was hesitant as he stood on the other side of the door. I knew he could unlock the door, but he was giving me privacy. "I feel it too," he said softly. Almost too soft for me to hear. I waved my wand, "Alohomora." The bathroom door was unlocked and Ron was opening the door. He stood on the outside of the door, not wanting to come in, but at the same time, I could see in his eyes that he did. "Why you? Why now? Why like this? Why didn't she tell me?" the last came out hoarse, as the tears threatened to spill out again. Suddenly, Ron was crossing the room and scooping me up in his arms. "I'll do whatever you want, give you whatever you want. Space. It's yours. But, I can't tell you that what I feel is some predestined MERLIN shit. I thought I was in love with one of my best mates. After we defeated the Death Eaters and Vol-vo-" Ron gulped. "Voldemort. We kissed and it was amazing. We went on a date and we realized that we were making a mistake. Harry, our other mate, was always the glue that kept us together. When I kissed you back there, I knew it was the right thing to do. Not because of the soulmate principle, but because it felt right in here," he jabbed his chest above his heart. I looked at our reflections in the mirror and our bodies were glowing. I looked into Ron's eyes, "I haven't even known you for a full 24 hours, but I feel like I've known you my whole life. I don't understand. It's like something clicked in me, you ARE my other half. But, it's too soon. Damen's so young and impressionable." I pulled away from Ron, our bodies glow, fading with each step. I turned and fled the bathroom and Ron's hurt face at my rejection. I drew the curtains around my bed and cried myself to sleep. It felt like I was ripped in half.