silkiness of his voice warned of danger. Voldemort flicked his wand. Several seconds passed before a bird-like object flew from a broken window of the castle. A swish of Voldemort's wand sent it straight for Neville. As the misshapen object neared, he finally realised it as the Sorting Hat. Upon reaching him, the Hat he recognised from his first year was forced onto his head, and he gulped as his fear started making an appearance. He didn't let it overwhelm his senses, but the silence in the crowd unnerved him. They stood, waiting for something to happen, knowing that Voldemort intended to punish him for his attempt to humiliate him. No one can oppose Lord Voldemort. Another wave of Voldemort's wand set the Sorting Hat alight, it's flames burning what small amount of hair he still had. Neville screamed in frozen agony, unable to move due to the body bind, but able to feel his skin melting away. The blaze was worse than anything he'd ever felt. A quick flash of movement had him doing a double-take. Neville was as shocked as everyone else when Harry leapt to life, causing enough of a distraction for the chaos to erupt around them again. Grawp came lumbering around the side of the castle yelling "HAGGER." The giants supporting Voldemort answered his cries, heading straight for him, but not out of the kindness of their hearts. They were surrounded by the sound of hooves heavily thudding toward Death Eaters, aiming their bows and arrows toward all who stood alongside him. As Harry disappeared under the cloak, Hell broke loose. With all the strength he could muster, Neville broke free of the body bind securing him to the hat. Feeling threatened by its flames, he summoned enough magic to free himself, releasing him from the clutches of the now charred sorting hat. Reaching to remove it, he was unaware of the hats contents but his curiosity got the best of him, when his eyes caught the reflection of a glittering, silver object with an encrusted ruby handle. Nagini was approaching Neville in a slithering, hissing blur of speed, the crowd was cheering as flashes of light emitted from Harry and Voldemort's wands and the fight escalated. Neville was full of sheer determination as he heard a voice in his head he couldn't ignore, "kill the snake!" He looked to his right and caught the familiar eyes of his beloved. Never before in his life had he felt so courageous and worthy of being a Gryffindor. He owed it to her for teaching him to believe in himself. Her owed her his confidence...if it had not been for her, he wouldn't have stepped outside his shell and made a conscious effort to apply himself. Without her he wouldn't have learned to forgive his parents, for she showed no malice towards Amycus Carrow, and when she'd had an opportunity for vengeance, she had left it to the fates to decide. Everything echoed in his mind on repeat. His heart was pounding so wildly in his chest, each beat of the muscular organ was like a knocking on the door of a prison cell. Inside his caged ribs begged the heart of a lion, desperate to be exposed. It was real. Neville had just pulled from the Sorting Hat, The Sword of Godric Gryffindor. The blade of the sword gleamed in the moonlight as he lifted his arms, swinging down in one fell swoop as Nagini aimed to strike him. The great snake's head spun through the air, landing on the floor with a loud thump. Neville felt as though every eye was focused on him as a tormented scream sounded, echoing through Voldemort. Neville's hands shook with the raw force of what he'd done. Nagini, Voldemort's beloved snake was dead - because of him. He felt the weight of the Sword of Godric Gryffindor in his hand, the powerful magic vibrating through every fibre of his being. It felt light as a feather. He felt like he could spit fire. Peering at the blade in front of him, it shimmered with the blood of Voldemort's pet. Nagini's head had been sliced clean from her body, killing her instantly. As her life ended, Harry finished Voldemort's after winning the loyalty of the Elder wand, giving him the power to truly defeat the darkest wizard of all time, once and for all. Once the smoke had cleared, the air became easier to breathe. The Wizarding World had been saved, and the only worry left in Neville's mind was finding Luna. He felt a light tap on his shoulder, turning around to discover her periwinkle eyes before him. Still holding the Sword of Gryffindor in his hand, he wished for just a bit more of the courage he'd used to kill the snake but it was gone. His heart skipped a beat as he suddenly found it hard to breathe again. He stuttered trying to say the words. "L-Luna, I -" Luna smiled warmly at him, the twinkle in her eyes could charm even the Dementors. A light peach blush tinted her cheeks as she licked her lips. Without warning she kissed him on the cheek. Her gesture took him by surprise, making him feel all giddy inside, and rendered him speechless. "I know, Neville," she chimed happily. "I've known all along. And yes, I do, too," she said with a definitive smirk. He still didn't know where his courage had gone, but the lion in his chest was purring. Without a word he took her hand in his, and they strolled through the rubble across the grounds to find some quiet. If Neville could have predicted things turning out this way, his Hogwarts experience would have changed dramatically from the start. He had no regrets, however, because this journey has shaped who he became. For that, he was grateful. Life would certainly be more interesting now. With his past behind him, his future has never looked so bright.