it." The next time we turned I notice a lone man standing taller than those around him. He was tan with sandy brown hair. Although he was tall, he seemed lanky and aloof standing alone. "Oh Will, you're paranoid. He looks like a very nice man." He doesn't say anything, but I can tell he doesn't feel comfortable with that man. "Every woman in here is watching you, should we assume they're up to no good?" He looks down at me and relaxes, "We know they're up to no good. They're all trying to think of ways to get me to marry them. But there is a man walking towards me, and I am sure that he intends to ask for a dance. I met him this morning and think his name is Diggory. What shall I say?" "Oh he is very handsome and kind. Tell him I am to be leaving soon, but can have a dance. I am very tired Will." He nods and I feel his presence nearing, "You're Majesty, may I cut in?" I turn to see Amos Diggory bowed, waiting for the reply, and oh so handsome. His brown hair is tied back and his brown eyes are searching mine in a way that I find myself blushing. He is a wealthy merchant I have met at other functions, but he stands out among the others with his dashing smile. "You are quite lucky you have asked so quickly Diggory. Miss Evans will be leaving shortly," Will answered as he kissed my hand and walked away. I smile, because Will made my get away much easier. Amos takes me into his arms, and begins to waltz, "I am very lucky indeed since you are leaving soon. You look so beautiful Miss Evans, I find it hard to believe you are not feeling well." "I have a headache from the long day I've had," I blush and look around the room to avoid his stare, and find that lone man looking directly at me. How odd. "I see. I had been hoping to see you down by the docks this afternoon to greet your cousin." He smiles down at me. "I wanted to, but my father did not approve." "I must agree that it is not a safe place for a maiden so beautiful, but I will admit that I was disappointed that you were not there," he said with a charming smile. "Really?" I ask him, surprised by his bold compliments. "Really Miss Evans. Would you allow me to call on you sometime this week? I would like to get to know you," He asks hopefully, but also with a bit of arrogance. "That would be nice, but I shall be very busy with William in town. I do not see my cousin often." I say as the song ended. He nods with a smile, "I understand completely Miss Evans." I step back, "I really must be leaving. Thank you for the dance Mr. Diggory." He bows, but keeps his eyes locked with mine, "Until next time Miss Evans." I walk over to my father thinking about everything I had heard tonight, "Father, I have grown tired with a headache. I wish to return home." He looks at me with concern, "But of course. I have much business to attend to. Please have Will escort you. If he cannot, please come find me." I nod and hurry away. I stop by the dance floor, and wave to William as he dances with a beautiful blonde I recognize from town. He looks like he wishes to follow me, but cannot leave during the middle of a song. I hurry up the stairs and out the door. I am perfectly capable of returning with the coachmen to escort me. Once I'm safely in my carriage I finally breathe freely. I'm finally free from that stuffy room full of people trying to impress each other. In some ways it's not as bad as England functions with the court, but it still is rather boring and suffocating. I look out the dark window as the carriage carries me home and can just barely make out the outline of the trees along the road. Fall in the colonies is beautiful. The raw beauty of nature with the changing colors of the leaves makes me miss my mother so very much. Fall was her favorite time to have a picnic in the meadow by our manor. All of this talk from Will about her death being a calculated murder worries me. Edgar greets me as we arrive home, "Will you please inform my father I made it home safely? Try not to bring up the fact that I arrived alone. Good night Edgar!" I call as I hurry up the stairs with a guilty smile. As I near my room a soft thud sounds nearby. I pause to listen, but hear nothing and decide my senses are just on high alert because of the news I received this evening. I continue on and hurry into my room. I fumble to light a candle, because the fire in my room is nearly out. I move the candle to my bed side table and begin to undress. "I wouldn't go much further with that if I were you, but if you insist. I won't protest," came a deep voice from the shadows across the room. I take a step back and scream. The stranger walks closer to me, "Now, now. I would never hurt a pretty little thing like you. No need to scream." he says with an arrogant smile, and that's when I realized how dashing this man was. Long black hair tied back with gray eyes and handsome features. I gasped as he smirked and took another step closer. "Well, well, who would have thought Lady Lillian Evans, Daughter of the Governor of Connecticut, and niece of the King himself would be so breath taking?" Please give me some feedback! ~Grace