to Harry. "I can't help it! He looked so deathly ill!" He defended himself. Harry rubbed his face and found himself bubbling over with laughter. He almost felt like saying, 'where is the real Snape, and what have you done with him?' Instead, he asked, "What… really… is going on?" Abraxus regarded Severus a bit before saying, "I trust you will tell him all he needs to know, including his new alias?" "Yes, Uncle." Severus nodded, making his longer hair flit this way and that. The older Malfoy smiled and excused himself, gently closing the door behind him. Severus started chatting away, beaming excitedly as he rattled away about magic, that they were wizards, and what school they were going to go to. Harry let the refreshing chatter wash around him, feeling calmer than he had in over seven years. It felt good to have someone happy talking to him about something. True, he'd had Hermione and Ron with him for so long, but their focus for the past few years was how to destroy the Horcruxes and what to do about Voldemort. It felt humbling sitting there, listening to Snape's voice, even if it was heightened by excitement. "Now, I have heard that Durmstrang has four houses, just like Hogwarts and Beauxbatons. If I were to pick a house, I would be in Wyvernspire. From what I've studied about the school, that is the best house to be in!" "Houses?" Harry asked, hating that he had to act like he had no clue about anything magical. "Oh, Merlin's beard, I keep forgetting that you've been raised by muggles." Severus sighed with exasperation, before he hopped off the bed. "One minute. I'll be right back." As he left in a hurry, Harry gave into letting a bemused smile grace his face. He had to admit, this energetic, happy Severus was likeable. Maybe he wouldn't ever see Ron or Hermione or any of the others again, but at least he had Severus. And that was something he found he could take comfort in. A few minutes later, after a house elf popped in with breakfast, Severus came bolting in with a huge book, looking like it weighed more than himself. He put the book down on the bed and turned it to a page half way through the book. "Here we are. Um… you can read, right? Those muggles at least let you learn that, right?" Harry nodded and pulled the book up so he could look at it while munching on an omelet. Severus plucked a few grapes from the tray and popped them in his mouth, before pointing out some more information on the school they'd be attending in the fall. Feeling as though he was sitting next to a person who acted like both Hermione and Ron with Snape-ish humor, Harry delved into the book, not noticing that Snape had fallen silent. Then he found himself drawn out of the book as he felt gentle fingers push back his untamed hair from his brow. Harry turned to look at Severus with an arched brow, noting the way the other boy snatched his hand away in embarrassment. "What?" Harry asked softly. Severus blushed slightly and mumbled, "Your hair has a mind of it's own, doesn't it?" Harry laughed at that. "Yea, I can't ever seem to tame it." "Well, now that you live with the Malfoys, I am sure they can figure out some way to get it to stay put." Severus pointed out before taking another grape from the tray. "You really like grapes, don't you?" Harry smiled. The dark haired boy nodded. "We hardly ever get these at home. So, I sort of splurge when I'm here." "Do you spend every summer with the Malfoys?" Harry asked, curious. "No." Severus' eyes turned shielded, and Harry regretted asking anything that would upset him. "Just this summer I was allowed to, since my father was away on business. Uncle Abraxus offered to take me in until school and my father agreed. But now father is back and wants to see me. I can't think why. He absolutely hates my guts." Harry nodded, totally understanding that statement. "My relatives act that way too. They don't care whether or not I live, and yet they still want me there." "It's so frustrating!" Severus bit out, and then sighed, his eyes softening. "When mum was alive he was nicer, if not strict. But, when she passed away two years ago…. Things got worse." Harry reached out and brushed Severus' hair out of his face, marveling that it was so silky, and not slimy from potion fumes. "I don't want to go back." Severus mumbled, drawing his knees up to his chest. Harry sighed and tried to think of something to say. "Just think of it as a vacation to Hell, and that you will be over it in a few weeks. Then you will be in Durmstrang with me and won't have to worry about your father for almost a whole year." Severus smiled slightly and gave Harry a quizzical look. "You are one strange wizard, Harry Potter." You don't know the half of it. Harry shrugged. "So, what's my new name going to be?" "Gabriel Magnus Asher. Uncle has all your papers set and ready to go. What do you think?" Severus asked with a grin. "Gabriel Magnus Asher. It has a nice ring to it." Harry returned his smile. He couldn't help it. Severus' grin was infectious. And so was his laughter. *Ok, I know that Severus-the-boy is very happy, and very energetic in this chapter. Due to circumstances in the next few weeks with his father's abuse, Severus will slowly become more reserved and stoic. But, only around Harry will the thunderclouds over his head lift temporarily. I wanted to show how light and happy Snape could have been, had he lived in a different household, even if it was the Malfoys. I hope that explains things a bit.*