maths instructor when she cuts off abruptly, "I think your friends are staring." James blinks dumbly for a moment before he catches her topic change, then twists suddenly, only to find the trio studiously not looking. He turns back to Lily, who's stifling a smile, "Sorry they're a bunch of – " She rolls her eyes but pats his hand kindly, "They're sweet in their own – way." James just looks at her hand, since she hasn't pulled it away, and then at her face, finding her smiling encouragingly. "Lily I – " Whatever he was going to say, it never happens, because a rather horsey looking blond storms over, arms folded. "I have a date." "Bully for you," Lily grumbles, her hand clenching around his. Petunia quirks her brow imperiously at Lily and snarls at Sirius proffered hand before sweeping from the shop, only pausing at the door to gesture to her watch angrily. Sirius blows her a kiss and she nearly screams. "Well, that's my ride lads," Lily sighs, thumb rubbing James' hand absentmindedly. She turns toward him, a bit hesitant. "Maybe we could get together again before break ends?" James' eyes widen behind his round glasses and Lily gives him a small smile before scribbling her number across a clean napkin and pressing it against his chest and vanishing out the door, all four boys gaping behind her. Later that night, after supper, they snatch some of Mr. Potter's whiskey – he narrows his eyes but lets them pass – and lounge about in James' room in their newly acquired skirts. Sirius seems particularly invested in his, modeling it shirtless in front of the long mirror on James' wardrobe. "Mine is entirely too long, it's unbecoming." From the window seat, Remus lobs the whiskey cap at Sirius, going wide by half a foot. "Sirius no one cares." Sirius rubs his stubbled chin, "Well I'd wager they can be shorter – you know who would know?" James drops his football. "No." "She would." "She gave me her number not you – you – wanker." "He was there too," Peter pipes up from the floor, and if the spiteful look in his eye is anything to go by, James can bet the treachery is largely because he swiped the last slice of treacle tart at dinner. Moving entirely too quickly for someone who claims 'lack of athletic ability' as his reason for not going out for football, Sirius snatches the Lily napkin from James' nightstand and the phone is ringing before James reaches the wanker. By the time someone answers, James is on Sirius' back like a koala, grabbing for the phone desperately. "Evening Evans. This is Sirius Black," Sirius pauses, "Oh, this must be Petunia. We exchanged heated glances at the ice cream parlor this afternoon," he gives Remus a thumbs up and switches hands as James makes another grab, "Is your sister around?" James freezes when he hears Lily's on the line, can hear her confusion, and hopefully a little bit of laughter as she answers, "Evening Black. Didn't know we were so close. How can I be of assistance?" "How short can girls make their skirts without getting written up?" Lily coughs and starts to answer, but James has finally managed to wrench the receiver away, "Sorry Evans, we'll talk soon, yeah?" But they don't. James is too riddled with embarrassment to even think about gathering up the courage to call in the span of a week – half of which is spent actively giving Sirius the cold shoulder. And then they're back at school, and if James' spirits lift along with Sirius' skirt as a particularly strong back draft gusts through Hogsmeade Station, who could blame him. Still, the surrounding students share a good laugh, and a few girls send Sirius the type of flirtatious glances he's continually oblivious to. Luckily, or unluckily for him, James doesn't see Lily on the train at all. Which is at least in part because of the pats on the back he's received from a number of classmates, either catching on to the whole 'hot as hell we need to deal' motivation or assuming they're making some sort of gender equality statement. Either way, he's alright enough that the occasional jeers from sweaty jerks don't make much of an impact. In the end, Lily spots him first, once they're all herding toward the Great Hall for dinner. He's just about to slip in behind the other three boys when a playful voice calls out, "Fetching knees you've got there, Potter" James' heart thuds and he feels the heat rush to his face as he turns, ruffling his hair, "Back at you Evans." She's close – entirely too close, and yet not close enough. But her eyes are crackling and her teeth are glinting in the low light. "Really? Kinda thought you gave me and my knees the brush off." Spluttering, James grabs her forearms, as if he's afraid she'll float away. "No! I just – Sirius called and I was embarrassed and then – " And then Lily kisses him. He stumbles a bit, half with the force of her kiss because wow and half because Lily Evans is kissing James Potter and she started it. But he catches on soon enough and his arms are banding around her waist and her lips parts under his. After some giggling and maneuvering, they end up nestled in a secluded alcove off the main hall and James is pressed into the wall, stone digging into his back almost painfully but he can't seem to care when one of Lily's hands is in his hair and her nails are scritching at his scalp just a bit while her other hand is rubbing random shapes into his lower back. Then it drops just below his waistline, and James nearly dies, so he pulls away, grinning cheekily, lips red and cheeks flushed, "No hands up my skirt until at least the third date, Evans."