question and despite the dim lighting, James doesn't miss her colored cheeks. "Perhaps you think I look devastatingly handsome," Lily scoffs and James ignores her, "and can't bear the thought of me without my new accessory." "Well I never ." "You think I'm dashing and you love my glasses," James teases, standing and offering his hand to Lily. Lily stands and they begin the walk toward the house, hands swinging between them, "Shut your mouth." James pulls her against his chest and leans against one of the smaller saplings and murmurs, "Or what?" "I can be pretty persuasive when I put my mind to it," Lily answers, straightening his spectacles while her forearms rest against his chest. Humming, quiet, James takes her lips with his, warm and heady, the kiss sending her pulse thrumming. When she pulls back, breathless, Lily can't help the chuckle that rises in her throat. "You're pretty proficient in romance for a former statue." "Over two thousand years of experience," James says with heavy cheek, trailing off meaningfully so Lily shoves his shoulder, grabbing her abandoned boots with her free hand. "You'd better not have two thousand years worth of experience, sir." He kisses her forehead, short and sweet, before pulling her into the living room, lit with a welcoming golden glow from scattered lamps. After getting a small fire going, James settles in on the dainty couch, pulling Lily close. "In all honesty, I've not got much experience at all. Spent most of my life with too much responsibility hanging over my head to really consider any… carnal interests ." Twisting, Lily tilts her head toward him, a playful glint in her eye, "So I pique your 'carnal interests' do I?" " Provocateur ." Lily grins and twists so she can rest her feet on his lap and James glances at them with faux distress before picking stray grass and leaves from the soles. After wriggling her toes playfully, Lily's smile fades into a contented expression, silence falling between them apart from the crackling fire. Despite his completed task, James' hands rest on Lily's exposed ankles, his thumbs rubbing small circles as they each drift off on their own thoughts. "I never really did either," Lily says after a time, voice soft. James blinks, a little sleepy, "Sorry, I've not kept up with your thoughts." Sighing, Lily drops her head against the plush cushions that back the couch. "I've not been one to get much chance in the 'carnal interests' department, either." "How presumptuous would it be to say we could learn together?" James asks, a hesitant smirk tilting his lips. An answering smile rises on Lily's face. "Very," she pauses for drama and waits just long enough that James nearly thinks he's gone too far, "But I've never been a fan of overdone standards of propriety," she puts on an exaggerated posh expression as her voice rises a few octaves, " Oh dear the girls these days – white stockings after St Crispin's Day – how inappropriate. " James's laugh rises loud and strong before he recalls the hour and quiets, eyes still wrinkled with joy as Lily's hand finds his. "I honestly did mean what I said, Lily. About us." Her gaze doesn't waver so James assumes this is an invitation to continue. "The timeline for us is really entirely up to you. I'd have married you the moment you bested me with your sword that afternoon." "I would've said yes to pretty much anything you asked the after the day you massaged my neck in the library," Lily answers, light, but her gaze is warm and steady. The moment settles into a not unpleasant heaviness, unbroken until James clears his throat and lets his eyes drop to his lap. "Forgive me – I – forgive an old man," Lily's lips quirk as James breathes out a steadying breath, "If I've misunderstood this – Are you genuinely saying I can – " "Are you going to propose soon, dearest? Not all of us have thousand year lifetimes." James narrows his eyes, playful for a moment, but his face soon melts into that strong look of determination like she'd really seen only once, that day with Riddle. "Will you?" "Will I what?" Lily asks, resorting to cheek to disguise her thudding heartbeat. " Evans ." " Iacomus ." His expression turns from teasing indignation to something almost child-like in its innocence, and he looks at her with more love than she'd ever thought possible. "Marry me, Evans?" Lily surges forward, knocking James back against the tufted arm of settee and murmurs a private 'yes' against his lips. It's not much later when they've settled comfortably with each other – watching the fire burn as James fiddles with the sparkling ring he'd seemingly pulled out of nowhere and slipped onto Lily's finger – that Sirius saunters in, taking in the tableau and lets out a groan. "Oi! Remus! They're going to be insufferable now." It's over a celebratory supper specially prepared by James the following evening – with an assist from his sous chef Remus – that Sirius finally sheds some light on his recent secretive behavior. "You're not going to be one of those husbands who only wants a home-maker wife, right?" James simply looks affronted while Lily scoffs around a forkful of roast, "I certainly hope not. Or this will be the shortest engagement in history." Ignoring Remus' eye roll, Sirius straightens up in his seat. "Excellent. Then I've got a job for you," he takes a bite out of his roll, "for all of us really." Each of them pause over their dinners, Remus' hands hovering comically over the roast, until he finally gest his head together. "What kind of job?" As Lily and James nod, Sirius grins triumphantly, knowing he's already won. "What do you know about ancient Sweden?" A/N 2: as you can see, I left room for a continuation of this bit, so let me know what you're thinking!