a pain in the ass that Mum won't get off my back about it though.' With that last thought Harry drew back the curtain and started his shower. Harry walked out of the steaming bathroom shirtless, and proceeded into the kitchen where he found Bill muttering curse words under his breath, Neville was looking at Bill in quiet bemusement from his spot on the couch. Harry raised an eyebrow in questioning at the scene and grab some orange juice out of the fridge. "Hey, Harry?" Bill called from the couch. "Yeah?" "What's the application of the Dagaz rune in conjuction with a Fehu and Gebo Rune on a overlapping double triangle relay ward?" "So, there's nothing else in the question but that? That's not much information. Does it say it say what the formula is?" "Yeah, Dagaz is before the Gebo Rune, but after the Fehu. However, it also says that in between the Fehu and Dagaz is-" "One of the points on the triangle? Yeah-wow that's some dark magic warding they are covering. The Fehu is easy, it's used to strengthen the ward's base. The other two get trickier. Gebo usually means the it's used to take away one's soul or magic depending on what you plan on setting as a sacrifice in return. If you want to drain someone's magic within the ward, your magic would henceforth be taken; Like wise with the soul. That kind of stuff." Harry paused a moment to take a drink from his glass of orange juice. Neville looked up from his book in intrigue at Harry's impromptu 'lesson'. " However, with Dagaz in front, it reverses the effects of the Gebo. So, instead of taking-" "You'd be giving." Bill looked disturbed for a moment, seems his mind had finally caught up with what Harry was describing. "That's- Harry is this an Inferni Trap Ward!?" Harry raised his glass in a salute to Bill, most people wouldn't deduce the effects of giving your magic to someone. "Bingo. I belive it's called the ομάδα-στόχος or Group Target ward. The Greeks were the first to use it in war and they weren't the last that's for sure. I'd imagine that if the Prof. had put more description into the ward you'd find four more runes and seven sacrificed lambs at each intersection within the triangles themselves. Oh, and crushed black rose petals at each point as well. The other more common runes to use are usually Laguz-Trick runes to pass the sacrifice unto one of the unlucky members of the target group Neville-, and the a fire spell triggered to go off when nothing 'living' was still in the circle to ensure no one or nothing in this case escaped afterwards. Very nasty stuff that, but it's definitely an ingenious design. Not something I'd enjoying going against." Bill ran a hand through his hair after Harry's explanation. "Well, while I wasn't expecting such a terrifying answer for such a simple question, I do appreciate the help Harry." Harry hummed his acknowledgment around his glass of juice. He glanced over at the oven clock and nodded to himself, before covering his lean muscle with a tight, dark grey polo. "Alright mates, I'm gonna head over to my parent's. I'll be a little over an hour, hour and a half at the most." "Yeah," Bill sighed, stood up and stretched his legs a little. He made his way over to Harry and bumped the offered fist from his friend. "I'll try to keep the house from burning down. Say hi to your family for me, will ya?" "Right." He remarked dryly. With a look towards a smiling Neville to show he wanted him to look after Bill, Harry made his way to the door. Neville stood up and called to Harry. "Hey, try not to piss your brother off, yeah? And say hi to Lily and Ash for me!" "No promises and will do." With that final goodbye, Harry walked out the door, and proceeded to apparate to his parent's manor. Harry stared up at the large, but comely home. The house was just the way he remembered. Except for the newly painted front door. It really had been to long since he'd been here. But that wasn't all his fault! His father had been rather adamant on Harry focusing on his studies and now James had completely switched his view on the whole situation. 'Though, Mom probably had a lot to do with that situation.' Which was almost always the truth, she could be rather scary when it came to her 'babies' even if the only baby of the house was his 9 year old sister, Ashley. He sighed and leisurely walked up to the door. "Time to get this over with." A/N: Alright, first off this section will be used to answer any reviewers questions for future chapters. However, due to the fact that I have no reviews I will go over the first chapter to alleviate any confusion. First, Harry and Neville are older, are they the only ones from there age group? No, but I won't say who. You will find out if not next chapter then the chapter after that. I'm sure you've noticed that, they are also going to a University for magic. This is where my imagination came in. It's already been established that the Prime Minister knows of the Magical Community so I could see there being (For the more prestigious and well-known Universities) another division of the school primarily used as a magically school. Diagon Ally is hidden by a wall. I'm sure you could manage to hide other classrooms. I don't see why wizards don't have some form of secondary education or maybe they do and it was never covered by J.K. Rowling. In any case, there is higher education requirements for certain jobs in this world, which we will be covering next chapter. That should about cover the basics right now. So, until next chapter friends.