behind his back. Also, there was the concern that you were once under the Imperius Curse and may still be under control, though you have already cleared all tests for mental alteration. We're offering this to all of Delta, and reorganizing those who are willing into one squadron. If you accept, you will be commander of that squadron," "…I see," Jake began thinking about who in his squadron would be willing to become a werewolf. Because it was more than simply enhanced physical attributes and magic resistance. "I've told you the benefits – now I must tell you the price of becoming a werewolf," The general leaned forward, his fingers laced over the desk. "You will be more prone to anger, especially as the full moon approaches. And when angered, you will begin to transform. Transform fully, and you will lose all control of yourself, and attack every living thing in sight. On the full moon, you transform fully regardless, and have to be locked overnight in a reinforced strongroom. Finally, you can forget about marriage or having children. You will be feared by your friends, family, and other soldiers. You will be a monster to both humans and wizards," "Both?" Jake echoed softly. "Yes. Even wizards are terrified of werewolves. At half-morph, you can face one, even two wizards on your own. A werewolf's abilities are fuelled by his anger – it's possible that we don't truly know how powerful one can be," Jake remembered the night he killed his own squad mates. He remembered that fight several times a day, and now the memory rose vividly to him; his weakness, the shock and confusion in his friends, staying on their faces as they died, and the man with the lightning-shaped scar who couldn't die. "…I accept," Lieutenant General Anson leaned back in his chair. "Take some time to think it over. The curse is irreversible," "Frankly, general, it doesn't sound like much of a curse," Immense power and magic resistance at the cost of alienation and being locked up once a month? It sounded like a decent deal. "I think so, do you?" The general murmured darkly. "Out of the classified number of men we've given this curse, ten have gone berserk and had to be put down by their own teammates. Most of them prefer to stay locked up in their bunks between deployments. Some of them refuse to see their own families ever again. All of them volunteered to wear ankle monitors while on leave, prepared to inject them with basilisk venom if they ever fully transform," The general pulled his chair forward and stared directly into Jake's eye. "When I say you will be more prone to anger, I don't mean PMS-level testiness. I mean who you are, right now, will cease to exist. Once you become a werewolf, managing the monster inside will be the only thing you ever do with your spare thoughts. This is a curse we are offering only to our most disciplined operators. To be honest, you almost didn't make the cut, Jake," Jake met his superior's withering gaze with perfect stillness. "I've made my decision, general," said Jake firmly. "I'd like to begin learning to control this power as soon as possible," "Very well," The general pulled out a knife in a leather sheath. The cross guard and pommel were silver with dark brown leather grip. It looked like an art piece compared to Jake's tactical-style cold iron knife, but Jake did not doubt its viability. "This goblin silver knife is currently imbued with werewolf saliva. You can keep the knife, imbue it with something else," The general stood up and offered Jake the sheathed knife. "Remember to always keep your anger under control," Jake stood up, accepted the knife and unsheathed it. Unlike the black finish of his cold iron knife, the silver blade gleamed like a mirror. It had the exact same bowie-knife profile as his cold iron knife; the goblins who forged both knives for the military clearly intended them as part of a set. Jake thought about what he had to lose by taking this curse. He couldn't come up with anything. Any friendship or relationship he had, he had lost after that night; he cast them away and shrank into himself. He was the perfect candidate for this curse. I have nothing but my life to give. He sliced open his left palm. Jake had every bone of his ribcage broken once and contracted dengue fever during an exercise in Thailand; what he experienced now was like both at once, multiplied by ten. His blood was boiling under his skin, his bones creaked and twisted, the room spun and swirled. Jake staggered on the edge of falling over. He felt something inside him – his soul maybe – warping and mutating, changing forever. He looked at his palm and saw only blood on unbroken skin. He ripped off his eye patch and picked up the Foe-Glass – his broken eggshell of half an eye was mending; it was fully healed a second after he held up the mirror. He was growing taller, lankier, but his muscles felt a hundred times stronger; he could break the artefact in his hand with two fingers, which were now clawed. His hair was turning grey with more growing about his face; his teeth had become pointed. The general looked shaken, Jake could smell his trepidation – had he never seen a transformation before, or never seen one like his? There were more shadows than before inside the Foe-Glass; they swarmed and filled every speck of space behind his reflection. And not just wizards, but humans as well. Soldiers, civilians, politicians in suits. Everyone. Now the whole world was his enemy. But that didn't matter to him. There was only one enemy Jake had in mind. If it's the last thing I do, I will kill you, Master of Death. And when he did, he will be extremely thorough.