from Severus one more time, he swore he would drown the slimy man. "I shall see you tomorrow evening. Prepare yourself," Severus instructed, a bite of irritation in his tone, before dismissing Draco with a well-practiced wave. Draco walked bitterly back to the room of hidden things, his personal purgatory. He felt that she should be groveling at his freshly shined, dragonhide boots for the amount of effort he was putting into her safety. He was sure that if it wouldn't save himself, he wouldn't have put up with Severus' lessons. He groaned that he didn't need this on top of the cabinet which he had hardly made any progress on. It was absolutely fabulous. No sleep tonight if he had to make up time fixing that damned cabinet. () "Why her? Why the bloody hell did it have to be her?" Draco screamed over and over kicking an already broken dining chair in the Room of Hidden Things. He didn't make any progress on the cabinet that night. It was past midnight, and Draco was taking out his frustrations with the world on an innocent piece of furniture. First, his father had to join a bloody cult, then piss off the seemingly all-powerful cult leader. Kick. Second, Voldemort, said seemingly all-powerful cult leader, decided to give him an impossible task knowing that he would most likely die in the process because his father botched the mission to retrieve a goddamn crystal ball. Kick. Third, the powers that be decided to screw him further by throwing Granger, the person he was suppose to hate the most in this world, into his life in a new light and labeled as 'the person he is most attracted to'. It just had to be the one girl that possessed an exceptional ability to get him and his entire family killed instantly if the Dark Lord found out. He was really and truly fucked. (-) "I hope she's suffering just as much, if not more," he grumbled as he limped back to his common room. He knew he would get three hours of sleep at best. Slumber did not come easily to those who participated in the activities the Dark Lord deemed 'fun'. Stepping silently into the Slytherin common room, he was greeted by Pansy who was draped over the couch by the extinguished fire snoring softly. Despite her annoying nicknames and clingy nature, she was a fairly faithful friend, and he was grateful. "Pans," he whispered, lightly shaking her awake. "Let's get you to bed." She limply nodded, still mostly asleep, and leaned her entire body weight against him as he lead her towards the girl's dorm. "Ugh. Millicent," she whined through closed eyes as they neared the door to her room. Deep snoring could be heard through the solid oak door. Merlin knows how loud it will be in there. How did a human being make that much noise just sleeping? He turned back towards his own room, ready to leave Pansy to perform her own silencing charm, only to he remember that she must have stayed up hours to wait for him. Sighing, he reluctantly turned back, at the risk of sparking her obsession with him again, and lead her towards his dorm. She followed drowsily and fell into his bed, dead asleep, as soon as she touched it. He stifled a chuckle and put on his pajamas. Pansy was the first to go to bed; 'beauty sleep' she called it. But really, she had no tolerance for staying up late. After he was in his emerald green, silk night pants, he tucked them both in and drew the curtains. "Goodnight, Pans," he murmured and kissed her forehead. When she gave no sign of acknowledgment, he turned his back to her sleeping form and fell into a fitful slumber. () "So, have you talked to him?" Luna asked after cornering Hermione between classes the next day. "No," Hermione sighed. "I will after dinner. I have prefect rounds, so I'll to try to find him. What do I say?" She was stressed enough with N.E.W.T. classes and Harry's mission. Draco Malfoy drama wasn't helping her keep the level head she desperately strove for. "Tell him how you feel, and live happily ever after." "It doesn't work that way. It's much more complicated." "It's only complicated if you don't have the intelligence to fully understand it," Luna stated simply. "Getting any deeper into this could get us killed!" Hermione screeched, anger simmering inside her at the thought of her wit being questioned. A few students, mostly non-Gryffindors who were not used to her banshee like screeches, turned and stared at her outburst and began whispering about it to their friends. Hermione groaned and turned her attention back to Luna who, as usual, remained unfazed by the spectacle. "Maybe, it'll give you a better reason to live," Luna winked and carried on to her next class with a small waved to a stunned Hermione. "Her approval of this situation is very disturbing," Hermione grumbled as she stomped off to her last lesson of the day. She needed a strong focus for her Apparition class, so she began reciting the ingredients to Polyjuice to clear away her worries. "3 measures fluxweed, 2 bundles knotgrass, stir..." () She managed to banish all thoughts of Malfoy for the entirety of her class and didn't get splinched- something that could not be said for the other half of her class. However, no sooner did the lesson end and thoughts of 'The Amortentia Incident', as she dubbed it, came flooding back like a tidal wave. In desperation for a sense of mental order, she began to mentally prepare her talk with Malfoy later that night. Surely nothing could go wrong. A.N. As I noted in the beginning, I am currently editing this story, so chapter releases may be a bit more sporadic. I am not giving up on this story, I promise, I was merely getting annoyed by it.