able to make it through this encounter whole. She's trying so hard not to look at Remus, not now, not when she is this close. If she looks at him now she knows everything will break. "It's fine Hermione. Well, - It's not fine. But, you know." She doesn't but she pulls him in to a hug in lieu of a coherent answer. She can feel Harry breathe, sigh, shudder in her arms. She wonders morbidly how long he will be having nightmares for. Harry in the hug, momentarily pulls her tighter and she hisses at the pressure on her abdomen. "Are you alright?" he asks, quickly pulling away from her. "Just a small curse, Harry. I'll be sure to pay Dolohov back, the next time I see him." She smiles. "Is Ron ok?" She sees Remus twitch out of the corner of her eye at mention of the curse. But this time it's not something small and subtle, but huge. Or it seems that way to her. It was probably nothing. Harry notices it. "Are you alright Remus?" he asks. "Quite alright Harry," Remus bristles at the question, she forces herself to look at him and he looks so deeply tired. "I'm as well as can be expected after the exertion of yesterday. The full moon is still someway off thankfully, but I am not as young as I once was." He smiles kindly. She wonders when he gave up on the anger and the fire that she had witnessed, but then decides not to dwell. Harry wrinkles his nose a little and pats Remus on the arm. And Hermione watches the movement with something akin to longing. "Ok, I'm going to go see Hagrid for a bit, I'll see you both later? Right?" He holds Hermione by the arm and keeps eye contact with her, looking for some sort of answer in her eyes. Whatever he was searching for he found because he nodded slightly. "Of course, Harry. I'll see you later." Hermione's voice is too cheerful. It doesn't convey the desperation of not wanting her friend to leave. She doesn't want to face Remus alone. She's afraid. She is terrified. Her mind is suddenly flooded by everything that he has gone through running up to this point. All the years of hurt since she had last set eyes on him. Hermione's mind is still racing and Harry is becoming smaller on the green horizon as he ambles slowly towards Hagrid's hut. They stand for the longest time at the edge of the lake in silence though the thoughts sound so loud rushing in her ears. She considers things she had never thought of before. Every encounter they have ever had in this timeline and the hope that Remus must have felt wondering if this was time she remembered, and every time - until now - the swift destruction of that hope. She's still thinking when Remus nods with an air of finality and turns away. She stops thinking when she realises that this is it . She can't let him go one step further. She cannot destroy that hope again. This would be the last time. "Remus." It's a quiet murmur, he hears and he stills but doesn't turn to face her. She is almost certain that she has never called him by his given name in this time. Then she realises the two times are not separate they are the same stream running forward always into each other. She clears her throat and tries again. "Remus. Look at me please." She can hardly believe that she is begging but it works because he starts to turn. "Remus." Quieter now, more pathetic. "Can you forgive me?" It's the green eyes and the collar that is ruffled even if it's not tucked into his jumper in the same way it was then. It's in the sandy-brown hair that moves slightly in a gentle breeze. She inexplicably finds herself fixated on his watch strap again, because it is easier to look at that than look him in the eyes. She thinks for one horrible moment that he's going to pretend. That he might ask what she needs to be forgiven for. And then he's on his knees in the wet grass, he's shaking and crying. And she's kneeling in the grass too, in front of him. In front of Remus Lupin. Nothing feels more right in this moment. "You're here" he just about manages to say. He's holding her hands and she can't remember him taking them. She wants to stop his crying, a part of her brain demands that she say something to stop his tears, she doesn't want to see him like this, but she can feel the same tears rolling down her face. "I'm here." she whispers. "I'm here, I'm staying, I'm here, always." "You're here." He repeats, gasping around the words. He's no longer holding her hands, instead his arms are around her, his face is pressed to the crook of her neck. She can hear and feel his deep inhales. She turns her head towards him, resting her cheek against his hair. "I am. I'm here." There's nothing else to be said. The grass beneath them is dewy and damp and their faces are just as wet. A/N: Disclaimer: I own nothing here. I am never fully convinced by time-travel fics when I read them. Now that I have written one, I'm still unconvinced. This has been sat on my computer for 2 years now. When I opened it last Wednesday it was only 8,000 words. A stripped down version of what you see now. Then I read it again, and started adding bits. This happened. The title is borrowed from Eavan Boland's 'Listen. This is the noise of Myth.' which contained some beautifully apt quotes for this story. The woman and the willow tree lean forward, forward. Something is near; something is about to happen; Something more than Spring And less than history.