to lose what you treasure most simply because I wasn't brave enough to go against the rules." Fleur was about to protest the 'little boy' comment when she realized some of the undertones in the comment he just made. Being under pressure and failing to rise to meet it is a hard lesson to learn, one she had to know far too early, even before her attempts at making friends in her first year failed. She knew most witches and wizards didn't learn that lesson until much later in life, mostly due to the convenience of magic. If Harry had learned such a lesson at his age, then he was something indeed special among his peers. She only hoped he didn't really possess the true depth that knowledge required, as it was a heavy burden to bear. "I want to explain that I know what it is to feel like you are powerless. Like you have failed to meet expectations. When I got to Beauxbatons, I was isolated because my veela heritage had begun to emerge. I am not powerful like my grandmother, nor do I have as much conscious control of my allure, which is thankfully weaker than her or my mother's. By the age of 13, I was the most sought after girl in the school, and by the age of 16, I was inundated with marriage requests. I politely but firmly turned them all down. I would not become a tool for a man I did not love, and even now I must fight off suitors. There are very few people who are immune to a Veela's allure, and so I must slog through the crowds every time I walk the halls of the school. I hope to one day find someone who will love me for me." Fleur was reluctant to reveal all her secrets atonce, but sensed that Harry knew how it felt to be on the outside of your school, and she hoped to help him deal with some of the stresses involved in that. The next day, Harry entered the Great Hall for breakfast, and everyone started gossiping and whispering. But for the first time, Harry didn't care. He was oblivious to the world around him, seemingly pondering on some deep inner conflict. In reality, he was thinking about last night, Fleur, and their talk. He thought back to after Fleur went silent. They had avoided looking into each other's eyes, each having seen something they hadn't seen before. Harry had been the one to break the silence this time. He struggled to find the words, but eventually settled on simple truths. "I was raised by my mother's muggle sister and her family. They dislike magic in a most profound yet ignorant way. Petunia, my aunt, hates magic because it stole her sister from her. I learned from a young age that the fact I existed was a personal slight in her eyes. To Vernon, I exemplified everything he would never be: special. And he hated me for it. Dudley was a simple child who reveled in his parent's love and learned that hating me and hurting me made them proud, so he did his best to make his parents happy. "When I was 3, I was physically abused for the first time. Nothing serious, just a whack to my head to 'keep my freak hands away from Dudley's toys.' It got slightly worse each time I did something wrong and escalated quickly if it was at all magical. "At the age of 5, I first learned my name when the teacher called the roll and told me to raise my hand when "Harry Potter" was called. Before that, I thought I was called 'boy' or 'freak', and for many years after that, I still answered to those names. "By the age of seven, I would cook breakfast, clean the downstairs, eat a small snack while fixing lunch, then begin gardening. I would work till Vernon was home, then start on dinner. If I was lucky, I would eat after they had finished, clean up the dishes, and then quietly clean the upstairs. I would be in my cupboard by 10, and be up by 6 to start all over. Harry sighed, and leaned forward, their eyes connecting, blue starting to shine from unshed tears and green hard as emerald. "I'm telling you these things so you know I can understand. I see it in your eyes, that you realize what it really means when I say I lost my childhood a long time ago if I ever had it." Harry leaned back, breaking the eye contact. Fleur blinked a few times, wiping her eyes. "It is my turn to say I'm sorry. I thought you were a little boy when now I see you were never given the chance. I'm sorry 'Arry." Harry shook his head, clearing it and bringing his attention back to the Great Hall. He looked around, realized he had eaten on autopilot and that the Hall was beginning to empty out, the students going back to their dorms or out onto the grounds to enjoy the snowfall. He looked up as a figure moved over to him, and smiled as Hermione sat down. She had spent the evening with Krum and come back late to the dormitory Ron had told him, and she had been slightly flustered, but very happy. Harry grinned at her, "Enjoy your evening?" "It was very nice if you must know," Hermione blushed. "Viktor and I spent the evening talking, and we came to the decision that we would see where the relationship would take us. We kissed, and it turned a little heavier. He was a perfect gentleman, though, and backed off even before I really began to feel uncomfortable." She blushed again. "I really like him, Harry." "I'm glad." They sat in companionable silence, each trusting the other, but each lost in their own thoughts on the events of the previous day.