warapped snug against his frame and the silky artifact allowed him to move unseen in the ancient castle. He had abused his champion status and opted out of attending any classes under the guise of preparing for the second task but everyone knew it was because he was hiding from the masses. No one knew where he went off to and few even cared. He ate strictly in the kitchens were the house elves were more than happy to help while he spent days either lounging invisibly at the Black lake's shore or within the bowels of the Chamber of Secrets. It was a sad existence, he mused, and was a far cry than the one he had imagined at the beginning of the year. So lost in thought, he hadn't realized that he wasn't the only one who had entered the Mrytle's bathroom until the person spoke up. "I know you're here, Harry," Spooked, the child hero of Britian spun quickly, tripping over his cloak and tumbling to the floor. The cloak had ridden up in his fall and exposed his legs while his soft groan of pain were proof of his presence. H elaid there on the ground wallowing in self-pity until he heard the tell-tale sign of laughter at his plight. Pulling the cloak off his form, he glared up at the intruder. "It wasn't that funny Hermione," he hissed at the girl who immediately covered her mouth with her hands to stifle her giggles. "Oh Harry, I didn't mean to laugh at you," she apologized, offering a hand which he promptly took. The boy grumbled under his breath at her words before taking a brief look around. "How did you fins me anyways?" She shook her head, banishing the lasting mirth she felt. "It was so obvious, I wondered how I hadn't thought of it sooner. Only a parselmouth can open the chamber which meant it was the only place you could be alone. And with your father's cloak, no one could see you sneaking about. I just decided to wait until I saw the door opening on its own before following you in," the girl explained proudly. She seemed honestly delighted in finding out his little plan and Harry had to hide the well of feelings he felt inside. "Well -" he tried to explain and was immediately cut off as the booksmart giel jabbed a quick finger to his chest. "And just what were you thing Harry?" she accused sternly. "Didn't you stop to think I would worry when you suddenly disappeared? I thought something bad had happened to you!" Harry quickly back-pedaled to gain space, but was rebuffed as Hermione only stepped closer menacingly. "What do you have to say for yourself!? I've searching this castle for days now looking for you and did it even cross your mind to at least tell me you were okay?" "Of course it did!" he defended. She huffed in frustration, crossing her arms across her chest. "And why didn't you?" Harry felt the fight leave him and his shoulders slumped. "I didn't want to get you in any more trouble," he whispered. "What?" He glanced back at her, meeting her brown gaze. "I didn't want to get you in any more trouble," he replied firmly. "I heard what the girls were saying to you, Hermione. They're bullying you because of me. I don't want you to get hurt," He was surprised when she grabbed his hand. Absentmindedly, he realized her hands were smooth and so much smaller than his. He coiled his fingers to wrap around her. "Oh Harry, I admire your bravery so much but you can be really thick sometimes. Do you think I care about what the other girls think? They weren't the ones who rushed in to save me from that troll in our first year Harry, you were," "But what about -" She shushed with a glare. "No one else matters Harry, and no one can stop me from being at your side. Not Ron, not McGonagall and not Dumbledore," she grinned. "Now come on you, we have things to get ready," Harry didn't protest as she led him out of the bathroom, though he was quick to grab the cloak and stuff it in his robes. He pulled a face at her words. "Get ready for what?" She shook her head, causing her mane of a hair to bristle at her movements. "Well dancing lessons of course. I assume you don't know how. Honestly Harry, I won't have you stomping on my feet all night, y'know," He flushed under her implications, his cheeks a bright shade of red. "W-What?!" He could make out the hint of a blush on her cheeks as well and suddenly realized she was as embarrassed as he was. "I'd turn down Victor Krum because I'd wanted to go to the ball with you. I'd thought it was a good idea for the two of us to go together. A-As friends, of course. It's not like we're dating or anything so you don't have to go with me if you don't want to. I-I mean, if you already had someone else in mind then I wouldn't want to intrude on you two... " Harry squeezed her hands (which he realized he hadn't released since she first grabbed his hand) and gave her a shy nod. "Iwantogototheballwithyou," he sputtered. "What was that?" "I want to go to the ball with you," he replied. "I'd love to go to the ball with you," she answered. * Censuring -(not sure if this is an actually thing that can be done but I had seen it in a fanfic once and fell in love with the idea. Basically, the members of a house can vote to effectively boot someone out of the house for an extended period of time. The person would have to wear a blank tie and be stripped of the house crest. Pretty brutal and humiliating right?!)