you won't believe" Albus warned his brother. "You're just a good for nothing snake head," James taunted, knowing that magic wasn't banned on the train. "You won't be a Gryffindor anyway!" " Sternumenta Vespertiliones " Albus said, his wand having been pulled out of his pocket, making his brother realise that he meant business. Everyone pointed at James and laughed. "You deserved that." he told James, laughing. "Rose, can you lift this off me?" James said to Rose, bats coming out of his nose at high speed. "I'm off to see cousin Fred to see what he has liberated from his Father's shop and I don't want to have a Bat Bogey Hex as lethal as Mothers annoying me!" Rose said the counter-curse, stopping the Bat Bogey Hex. "Now get lost" she said to James, clapping the shoulder of Albus. Scorpious turned to Albus and said, "Anyway, before we were interrupted by Bat-Face , my Father, and all his ancestors, was in Slytherin, I would love to be the one that was different, as in getting housed in Gryffindor." "For me, being the 18th generation Potter, Gryffindor is a dead cert! Although, having mothers brains, Ravenclaw might be a chance." Rose said to Scorpius and Albus, "I think Mother should have been a Ravenclaw because of her brains, but she was a Gryffindor too. Where do you think you'll go Albus?" she asked her cousin, unaware of James taunting him all the time. But Albus didn't respond as he was thinking. Thinking of what his brother said. James was stood in Albus' bedroom doorway at Number 12, Grimmauld Place, laughing at his brother and how he had adorned his bedroom with posters of the Chudley Cannons. " Snake head" James said to Albus, laughing at his brother, "When you get sorted, you'll be sent to Slytherin, no passing go, no collecting 200 Galleons. You're not brave enough to go in Gryffindor!" " But...but...but I am brave!" Albus stammered, shaking at what his brother said, "I'm as brave as Father! You wouldn't be saying it to Lily but you do to me! What is your problem with me?" " Look here," James told his brother, "You're just a little squirt who will end up in Slytherin, just like all the bad eggs do. You're just like that waste of space of a teacher that you were named after" " Severus Snape was a brave man who protected Father" Albus said, "Didn't you read a book at school? He spied on Voldemort to protect Father and his friends. He stopped the Death Eaters hurting Mother too much. " Severus Snape was a good for nothing waste of space who worked for Voldemort," James told his brother, leaving the room, laughing his head off, leaving Albus crying in his pillows. It wasn't fair. "You ok Al?" Scorpius asked Albus, "You looked distant" "Yeah, I'm fine. Just thinking really about things. I really want to be in Gryffindor but my brother thinks I am going to be in Slytherin, just like one of my namesakes," Albus said. "But Father told me something that I didn't know before about the Sorting Hat." "Either way, we will still be friends Al," Scorpius reassured him, "You would make a great wizard either way." "Thanks Scorpius" Albus said to him, "You are full of sense." He turned to Rose, "I wonder what we will learn this year?" "Levitation I think," Rose replied, "Plus I think we will learn to fly, even though you will ace that! I wonder when the trolley will come?" "I wonder if that was what James was referring to when he said he was off to see what Fred had liberated from the shop," Scorpius said, remembering what was said earlier After what felt like ages the trolley came along the train, with Rose and Scorpius just buying Chocolate Frogs and Albus buying some Bertie Botts Every Flavour Beans to go with his chocolate frogs. Eventually the train pulled into Hogsmeade, when a sudden bang came from the engine. Everyone rushed to the platform to see what had happened. "JAMES POTTER! FRED WEASLEY! GET HERE NOW!" The Head Boy shouted to them. "One of the 3 W's exploding coal blocks," Fred said to Albus, Arthur, Rose and Scorpius, "That's what Uncle Ron and Dad was working on!" "Firs' Years! Firs' Years follow me" came Hagrid's booming voice over the sea of Hogwarts student's. He saw Albus and waved him over. "Yer dad said you wer' worried." Hagrid said to Albus, ushering him, Rose and Scorpious into the front boat with him, "Yer brother playin' yer up again?" "Yeah, but Mother and Father sorted him out," Albus replied to the half giant. "He's a good man, Harry is." Hagrid said, "He taught Defence Against the Dark Arts here years ago and he helped me wi' t' school. Yer shoul' be proud o' him." "I am, I am," the reply came. The boats pushed off from the station to make their way across the lake. The new school year was about to start. -The New Batch- A/N – Firstly, I'm sorry to those readers of the Fake Professor storyline. I just couldn't find a way to work it all in to my headcanon with the Christmas at the Burrow one shot that I have in the works along with an addition or three to the Confessions storyline I'm plotting and some other bits and bobs. I might, if I get chance, upload it as an alternative storyline. Story based on characters and storylines introduced in JK Rowling's Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. All rights to their various owners/creators. The Confessions series poll results will be announced on the Facebook page on 12th April 2016. Just like "GryffindorTom" on Facebook to get all of the latest news, bits I'm working on, story updates and much more. Anyway...Coming up in Chapter 2 – We get into Hogwarts for the Sorting of Albus, Rose, Arthur and their friends…