splayed across his scarred chest. Folding her hands over his sternum, Ginny lets her chin settle on the cushion of her fingers. "Nah, just think we need a couple addendums ." Harry strokes up and down her spine with deft fingers, hands landing to stay on her shoulder and lower back while he mulls the idea over. "I was disappointed I didn't figure out how to incorporate 'monthly treacle tarts.'" Ginny places an errant kiss on his chest. "Well if we're picking vows for each other, I want foot-rubs on demand." "Maybe I should shoot higher with mine if I've got to smell your – " His jape gets cut off by a pillow to the face and when he reemerges, Ginny's looming overhead. "Care to rephrase before you continue?" Her hands trickle up his sides so his muscles loosen, and in a flash she has his arms pinned near the headboard. Harry shifts slightly, testing her grip – which is as strong as he expected – and twitches his brows at her. "So far I'm not getting much incentive to change my tack." Bending low, Ginny lets her fingertips drag down his arms and skates her lips over his honeyed skin, toward his ear where she murmurs, "You know that feeling, where you almost win the game, but the other team gets the snitch a split second before your hand closes around it?" Harry drags his hand up her thigh, only half comprehending her, and whispers back, "Yeah?" And in a flash, Ginny's flopped on her side of the bed, an arm's length of space between them and a victorious smirk on her face. "It'll be ten times worse." Silence falls and stays, comforting and casual, while Harry's hand finds Ginny's on the bed, both without a stitch of clothing or anything else aside from their rings and Harry's glasses. Thumb rubbing across the back of Ginny's hand, Harry sighs, happy and content as the night settles around them. "I love you." After a moment, Ginny lifts their joined hands, tracing the veins in Harry's delicately. "When did you?" Harry twists his head on the pillow, glasses pinching his temple until he readjusts, switching which hand is in Ginny's so he can prop himself up. "When did I love you? It's still ongoing," he smirks, "Thus the wedding." Ginny shoves his shoulder, then shifts to mirror his position. "Don't be difficult. You know what I mean." He hums, fiddling with her wedding rings. "I think – it's hard to say an exact moment I felt it. But I know when I was sure." It's quiet for a moment, only broken by the calming sounds from beyond the French doors at the far end of their suite. Squeezing her fingers, Harry starts again, quiet but sure, "I – you know what happened in the forest," Ginny nods and Harry does the same, somewhat jerky in his movements, his eyes downcast, "Well, my last thought before. It was you ." Her grip on his hand tightens but she nods again and lets him continue, brown eyes warm and comforting in the dim light. "I don't know that I fully realized it until months later. But that's when I was in love with you. That last memory – the promise that it could be real again – it had a hold on me, I wanted it to be real." Apparently, Ginny's self-restraint has run out by this point, so she shifts close until her face is snug against his throat where his pulse thrums, steady and familiar. "Mine's going to sound shallow now." Harry's laugh is a low rumble, deep and encouraging. "If you gave up every time I bested you – " "Are you sure you want to finish that sentence, Potter?" Ginny growls, nipping at his jaw. They get off track for a bit at that, Harry returning the favor and then some until they're breathless and flushed and Harry's head is pillowed on Ginny's stomach while she scratches at his scalp. "If I wasn't in love with you already, that would've done it." Harry snorts, blowing a raspberry somewhere in the vicinity of her belly button, before settling back down to wait for her to get back around to an actual answer. With a light sigh, Ginny begins, "It was gradual with me, being in love with you. It's hard to tell exactly when, because I was transitioning from my tongue-tied crush, to friend pretending not to have a crush, to well." He kisses her, short and gentle at the base of her rib cage. "You remember that Slug Club party, my fifth year?" Harry laughs. "Hermione took McLaggen." "That ponce was a terrible Quidditch player. No sense of sportsmanship," Ginny grumbles, before getting back on track, " You took Luna." His fingers trickle along her sides, grazing in barely there strokes. "That I did." "I loved you for that," Ginny murmurs, brushing his fringe back, "She was so lonely. Hardly complained but – I knew. Had to tell off ponces who thought 'Looney Lovegood' was the height of humor more than once." "You love me because I took Luna to a Slug Club Christmas Party?" Blowing past his dry recap, Ginny sighs, "I love you because you're far kinder than anyone will ever know, and care for people who may never be able to pay that favor back." Harry's neck heats and he doesn't answer for a handful of moments, the night dark and inky as it reaches its peak, the moon hidden behind gauzy clouds. When he raises his eyes to hers again, they're wet at the corners, but he sniffs and slides up next to her so they're level once again. "Way to show me up, Weasley. Now it just sounds like I fell in love with you 'cause you're a good snog." Ginny yawns and tucks herself against his chest, legs tangling with his beneath the tufted blanket and silken sheets. "That's Potter to you."