to the ribs. His agony seemed to last hours. He could do nothing to protect her or lessen her pain. All he could do is listen, and listening tore his being apart. Only when Dobby had managed to get them to Shell Cottage, courageously sacrificing his own life, did the agony lessen to anguish. After he buried Dobby, he finally got a good look at Hermione. Her eyes were dead and her arm was still bleeding, covering the word carved into her flesh. He would sit at her bedside while she slept fitfully, comforting her in the few ways he could. Her nightmares got worse before they got better. Every muffled scream reminded him that her suffering was his fault. He knew any chance of a romantic relationship was out the door, but focused instead on keeping her as a friend; a healthy one at that. If only Rita Skeeter found out that the Boy Who Lived preferred to be Hermione's nurse. () The war was finally over. They found the horcruxes. Ron gave Hermione an untimely, awkward mid-fight kiss. Harry had Snape's memories to process; he was still unsure how he felt about the man. And Harry survived the killing curse for the second time to defeat Voldemort once and for all. The trio was sitting under the tree near the Black Lake in silence. It had been two days since the end, and between repairing the castle, caring for the wounded, and burying the dead, they hid themselves away to breath in the comfort of each other's company. Finally, one of them spoke. "Ron, can I talk to Hermione for a bit?" Harry asked, looking at his best friend with a concerned expression. He knew that Ron was sensitive about Hermione and his relationship. However, without hesitation, Ron nodded and quietly got up from their tree and headed toward the other red heads nearby. Hermione looked up at him with a questioning look, but said nothing. Seeing he had her attention, Harry began, "I'm sorry I've been a rubbish friend. I should have taken your side when Ron came back. I forgot my promise to thank you more. Thank you. Thank you for risking everything for me, and keeping us safe even when we didn't appreciate it. I lead you into danger, let you risk your life for me-" "I'd do it all over again," she interrupted sincerely. A familiar look on her face sparked an older memory. He smirked and decided to have some fun. "You know," he started with a playful grin. "You never answered me that day." She looked briefly puzzled, but with a blushing smile, she a knowing look dawned on her face. "Well," she began slowly appraising him and seeing his jovial mood. "I would say that you need to talk to Ginny first," she replied, a devilish smirk gracing her features. Despite knowing his friend was joking he frowned. He had been avoiding thoughts of his inevitable talk with Ginny. Seeing his abrupt change in mood, Hermione began apologizing. "I'm so sorry. I was trying to joke. I didn't mean to upset you," she gushed, but he stopped her by laying a hand on her arm. "It's okay," he reassured her, "it just reminded me that I have to have an uncomfortable talk soon." He sighed. "You're going to break it off for good?" she asked, her face carefully blank. Harry ran his hand through his untidy hair and let out a 'it's complicated' sigh. "I think so." He paused and let out a breath, then began to explain. "I love that she made me feel like a normal guy, but there was always an underlying Boy Who Lived admiration with her. When she tried to make me jealous by dating Dean, I didn't know it at the time, but I wouldn't trust her fully after that. Then, when we were on the run, I missed her a bit, but not as much as I should have." He finished with a huff, happy to have let all of his thoughts out. "That sounds like a fun," Hermione said sarcastically, putting her arm around him in comfort. Leaning into her embrace, Harry asked the question that had been nagging him for a while. "What about you and Ron?" It was Hermione's time to let out a sigh. "I thought I liked him, but he's not good for me. We're always fighting. He takes advantage of everything I do for him and doesn't seem to appreciate it at all. Plus, how can I be with someone who believes my intelligence is bad unless it saves him?" It was Harry's turn to comfort his friend. "Looks like we're both single," he commented with a smile. She looked up at him with a faint smile and a glimmer of something in her eye. Harry was curious. "Harry?" She asked quietly. "Yeah?" "Have you ever thought of me as a girlfriend?" She ask, barely above a whisper, her face flushed. Harry couldn't believe what he was hearing. He gave up a while ago on the thought that Hermione might like him as more than her friend, but his affection never ceased. Her simple question was enough to make his heart soar. "More than once," he said, smiling. "And now?" she asked breathless. "I'd give anything for you to think of me the same way." Hermione threw her arms around Harry pulling him into a sweet embrace. "I have for years. I just never wanted to seem like some Boy Who Lived fan girl," she said with a dry laugh, joy in every tone of her voice. Harry was happier than he had ever felt. Hermione's arms around him felt perfect, a combination of warmth and never ending devotion. "You're perfect," he professed into her shoulder. "I'm yours," she whispered back. Harry Potter felt complete. A.N. Happy Holidays! I hope you all enjoyed this short happy story. More updates to main stories soon. Working without wifi right now.