first time the woman who had quietly come to lean on the open doorway to their cubicle. Whoever she was, she was obviously talented and batted away Magus's hastily fired spell. It lobbed away over the top of the offices and landed somewhere faraway with a flash and a muffled scream. Magus smiled a cheeky grin that light his face up like nothing had since the start of their meeting. He tried valiantly to twist his features into something resembling innocence, but he couldn't quite manage it and a twinkle of mischief broke through in the corner of his lips. Feigning offence, Magus deftly tucked his wand back into his belt and approached the pretty young woman with the cute elfish face and short black tom-boy haircut. Paige realised it was the same girl he had been talking and laughing with when they had approached him earlier. "Me? I'd never do something so cruel!" Magus exclaimed dramatically. "You wound me, Dawn," He added, holding a hand to his chest like he was impaled. "Mean Magus McIntyre.." The attractive young woman, apparently named Dawn, rhymed in disapproval, like she had said it plenty of times before. "Be nice, it's her first day." She reprimanded him, jabbing him in the chest with a pointed finger. "Fine.." McIntyre groaned, making like it was a big effort and now a personal favour. He threw an arm around the slight girl in a friendly fashion and turned back to face Paige. "This is the Dangerous Dawn Dennison, the most beautiful face you will ever forget." He dramatically introduced her, much to the humiliation of the girl under his arm. "Stop it." She hissed, slapping him in the chest playfully. "I'm an Obliviator." Dawn explained rolling her eyes at the idiot leaning on her. "So you must be Paige, the new girl. Welcome to the MAC." She continued, poking Magus in the rib and dancing out from under his arm to sit on the now clean desk to face the new girl. Dawn glanced around seemingly impressed by the cleaning job too. Paige smiled, a genuine smile for the first truly friendly person she had met since her arrival that didn't seem completely insane. "Thanks, it's not exactly what I expected.." She admitted and this was reinforced as Magus returned from what appeared to be a muggle fridge under his desk, with three bottles in his hand. Incredulous, Paige watched as her new mentor held each bottle in turn and used his thick wand to strike the lid off of the bottle. Each lid in turn sailed off into the air over the office with the force of a bullet. From somewhere else in the office they could hear someone that sounded a lot like Bryce swear loudly, having been struck by one of the projectiles. "Well we work pretty hard when we are called out here in MAC, so they pretty much leave us to our devices the rest of the time." Dawn shrugged, accepting a bottle from Magus. Magus passed the next one to Paige and held aloft his own to the others for a toast. "To Paige.. What was your last name again?" "Calamisi." "Did you say calamari? Like the squid dish?" "Calamisi!" Paige said again a bit firmer. "To Paige Calamari, may she survive her first week in the MAC!" Magus toasted, ignoring the evils he got from Paige. "Here here." Dawn snickered at his antics and the three took a big swig of their drinks. Paige immediately gagged and spat a mouthful of the bitter liquid on the already heavily stained office carpet. "Easy, New Girl! I just cleaned up in here.." Magus teased with a smirk and a wink at Dawn. In horror Paige lifted the bottle up to examine what she had assumed was butterbeer. It was not. The label read Casa Especial. It was not butterbeer, but regular beer. Muggle beer. Imported none the less, but still very muggle. Neither Magus nor Dawn seemed bothered by her reaction and continued to sip away, unconcerned that it was only 0900 in the morning. The pair had sunk into respective seats on the two desks and had moved onto discussing Quiditch. Dawn jabbed her bottle at McIntyre's chest to get his attention as she suddenly remembered something important. "Oh yeah, I meant to warn you. Angus is looking for you." Magus winced and his eyes darted as if this new man may have been hiding behind his thoroughly disused filing cabinet. "Damnit, is he still miffed about losing five gallons to me? That dunder head shouldn't have bluffed on a pair of nines!" Dawn gave him a patient look, as if waiting for him to find the answer himself. "No?" He checked, doubtfully. "I think it had more to do with suction spell you left on his toilet before you left his place on the weekend." A guilty, yet in no way apologetic smile found Magus's face. "I had forgotten about that.." He chuckled, indeed given the consumption of the night he had forgotten most of what he had done. Paige looked at the pair like they were mad, she had put her beer carefully on the desk and had a mouthful of mints in her cheek to try rid the foul taste from her mouth. Their conversation was disrupted by a loud shrill beeping from somewhere nearby. Paige nearly leapt out of skin at the piercing noise, before realising the beeping was to the tune of the song 'Tequila!'. Magus on the other hand seemed less concerned, almost bored, with a sigh he stood, tipped his bottle up and chugged the last of his beer. Lifting his left wrist, Paige saw the chunky watch on his wrist flashing orange and emitting the beeping song until he swatted it irritably. Magus burped loudly and Dawn wrinkled her nose, she had gotten up too. Paige caught her mentor's eye and he nodded. "Alright New Girl, let's go to work." He muttered.