being on herself and Harry. "I don't have expectations, but I do have needs, as does Harry." "Ew! I don't want to know that!" Scoffs Ron with distaste. Hermione shakes her head. He's always been a prat about his sister dating or kissing anyone. It comes as no surprise to her that he's disturbed by their conversation. "When did you become so cold-hearted?" He asks, with a soft look as though he's genuinely wanting to know. Hermione can tell by the way Ginny's eyes begin to water that she's trying to be strong. It's obvious she's holding back her emotions, despite spilling her honest thoughts on the subject. Staring Ron directly in the eyes her voice cracks, breaking with the raw sting of her words. Her gaze shifts from him to the floor in defeat of revealing her vulnerabilities to him. Ginny stands in contumaciously, her frailty disguised by vacant body language, and she pauses with a stoic disposition. Turning to Ron, she divulges the truth as she see's it. "When I realised the world I grew up in no longer existed. When Death Eaters invaded Hogwarts and killed my brother, Tonks, Remus and everyone else I've known or cared about. When Harry decided to reject me out of fear for my life to be noble." "I get what you're saying, I just can't be like that," admits Ron while extending his hand to her arm, placing it above her elbow to comfort her. "I can't sacrifice being with her. I love her." Ginny's face hardens, clearly not considering the consequences of what she's about to say. Exhaling a deep breath, her candour shows lack of regret as she dispassionately expresses resentment of her and her brother's situation. "Then it's going to hurt when she breaks your heart." "Do you think she would really do that? She cared. In Hogwarts she really cared." "Hogwarts days are gone, Ron. The war has affected us all. She did care. But everything's changed now. School crushes die hard. Hermione's too focused on setting the Wizarding world right to be entertaining the notion of love, let alone fall in it. She's far from foolish. I'm sorry, Ron. I just see the shades of grey. If you know her as well as you think you do, open your eyes and see the bigger picture." The guilt is infecting Hermione like an incurable disease. Hearing him say that, seeing his face as he said it… hurt. But it isn't the kind of hurt you feel when you realise you are wrong and desperate to try make things right. It's the kind of guilt you feel for having no control over robbing someone of something very important to them. In this case she's stolen his heart, and she doesn't really know how to give it back. Ron looks like he's having a mental war within himself. Hanging his head low, his sister's words burrow deep enough into his skin, and Hermione can almost see the moment he feels the rawness of the burn. He looks like he's been singed in the worst of ways, the impact from the toxicity of Ginny's truths consume him, piercing him deeply. Hermione feels clueless as to what to do next. She's always been difficult, but she has her reasons. Having her fair share of battles and not being understood is pretty much the center of them. Questioning why things have to be so complicated, Hermione wishes she was back at Hogwarts. Back then they experienced a lot of things kids shouldn't go through, but they always came out on top. That is, until Voldemort won. Lately, it's been a battle up shit creek with no paddle. Now they are drowning in a river of their own blood; their days are numbered as Death himself drifts afloat, waiting patiently to take them all. Hermione hears Ron's honesty play in her mind. Harry is right. She has to be truthful with him. After all, they are first and foremost best friends. Ron doesn't need a reason to hate her, so she shouldn't give him one. It'll be hard, telling him the truth, but at the moment he's going to have to wait. They have more pressing matters on their hands. Just because Harry says she can't go on the mission doesn't mean she won't; he's a fool for thinking he can trust her to stay behind. Despite his wishes, Hermione is going to destroy the Ministry tonight. She will deliver the maps to Harry and stay long enough to suss out his plan, offer ideas, play the supportive friend. Any foe who gets in her way will be damned if they do because she is in the mood to let off a little steam. Maybe her friends aren't safe with her too? What they don't know won't hurt them. She'll be as stealthy as they come and back by the time they've accomplished the task. Besides, it'll benefit everyone having her as an extra pair of eyes on the lookout for anything useful to them. If she comes across anything, then she'll come clean and confess she was there. Until such a time arises, she'll stay under the radar and pretend to be pissed off for staying, even though she is most definitely coming along. Besides, what harm can come from an early attack at the heart of the chaos? It's a risk she's willing to take. Little does she realise with risks, comes consequences. One would think this out of character for Hermione. If she is honest with herself, it is, but she's Gryffindor at heart and they are known to be clouded, reacting emotionally and irrationally when triggered. You don't win wars against evil by playing by the rules in the devil's playground. Nothing is going to be easy, but everything she does is for a purpose. Tonight, she's going to release some pent up frustration - brewed by hate and anger - at the Ministry. The real war begins now.