came to visit us. Mama had gone out to do the grocery shopping when the witch arrived, so it was only Mum and I at the house when she knocked on the door. Mum had gone spare in an effort to keep it tidy, and getting possible snacks for our potential visitor. Mama pointed out that even witches wouldn't want to eat spiders, when Mum started getting carried away. When Mum and I met the witch at the door, I was prepared for the pointed hat, and heavy green robes that the severe woman would be wearing. Mum wasn't, and I could sense her blanching at the weird looking clothes. Mum likes to keep up with fashion, and feels uncomfortable around people who don't. I know her well enough to tell what she's doing, and how she's going to react next. Thankfully, I was quick enough to take over before mum could point out that this is the 90s, not the 1600s. "Are you Mrs McGonagall?" I ask. Her sharp eyes found me, and I had to resist the urge to flinch. It was almost like she could see through me. "Yes I am, Mr Song." She confirmed, before asking; "May I come in?" Mum remembered her manners, and ushered McGonagall inside, and out our soft, cream coloured sofa. Our home was decorated in various shades of cream and gold. "For aesthetic," Mum would say, when I asked why. "Would you like anything to drink? Tea and biscuits?" Mum asked, and forced a smile to hide how anxious she is. "Yes please, Mrs Song." McGonagall replied, and I was left alone with her, whilst Mum practically fled into the kitchen to regain her composure. "Don't mind Mum," I tell the witch. "She's a bit nervous, we've never met a witch before." I explained, and frowned. "I heard that witches had green skin, and warty noses, are you sure you're a witch?" McGonagall coughed, before saying; "Yes, I am a witch. Do you want proof?" "Yes please!" I reply, and then call out to Mum; "Come and see this Mum, Mrs McGonagall is going to prove she's the real deal!" There was a clatter, and Mum rushed into the room as McGonagall raised her wand. The witch pointed at the coffee table, and it wordlessly turned into a cat. Honestly, seeing it for real after such a long time was really amazing. A sense of bittersweet swept over me, and I had to resist the urge to cry. "Th-that's a cat!" Mum stuttered, and her legs shook as she said, completely resigned; "My son is going to do that, Dear Lord." "Do you need a moment, Mrs Song?" McGonagall asked kindly as I made my way over, and grasped Mum's hand to steady and reassure her. "Y-yes," the kettle whistled in the background. "I'll just make the tea." She wandered off, and I reluctantly returned to McGonagall and sat back down with her. It's rude to leave a guest on their own, and I know Mum needs a bit of space right now. "What other things can witches and wizards do? Where do they live? Are vampires real?" I asked question after question, and the deputy head mistress answered them all patiently, even smiling a little when I asked a particularly difficult question. Once all my questions had been asked, did Mum finally come in with some tea and biscuits. McGonagall didn't say anything about it, and gracefully accepted a cup of tea with a bit of milk, and a rich tea biscuit. "Since you missed most of the discussion, Mrs Song, I'll explain what you need to know." McGonagall offered. "I understand that this is all very new and stressful, so I will keep this as simple as possible." Mum almost sighed in relief. Wow, she really must be stressed to almost willingly discard her manners. "Thank you." "Magical folk live almost entirely separate from Muggles, non-magical folk, and have our own currency. Most Muggle wages will cover the equipment needed for school, however, it won't cover for the tuition itself." The witch explained as she sipped at her Earl Grey tea, and nibbled delicately at her biscuit. "However, Hogwarts does offer scholarships to Muggleborns, magicals born within a Muggle family, on the condition that the child reaches at least Acceptables in all their classes." Mum nodded, talking facts like this instead of purely magical things was helping her to relax. "What's the currency rate?" So they talked about the finances, of what I would be learning in school, and an address for us to meet up at where we, along with other Muggleborns and their families, can meet up for a tour of the magical shopping district. Before McGonagall left, she provided a pamphlet for us to look through about magical culture, and recommended places I could take my Muggle parents. Mama arrived ten minutes after McGonagall left, and was fascinated with the moving pictures on the pamphlet I showed her once we told her what happened. "It's like a TV on a piece of paper!" She commented later on. Good old Mama. Oh christ, will the Potters recognise me?! Author's notes : I had Vincent born 30th September 1980, 9PM for a good reason. The astrological placements really help me to keep him realistic and in character for the role of the scorned sibling. For anyone who's curious about his placements, here they are: ascendant in Gemini, sun in Libra, moon in cancer, mercury and mars in scorpio, and venus in Leo. The scorpio and cancer placements are perfect for a character who's likely to want vengence, lash out at people, and hold grudges. The sun in Libra and mars in scorpio helps hide those feelings so that they can hide their true intentions until it's too late for other people to realise what's going on. This chapter's incredibly messy and rushed, but the next chapter hopefully won't be. Please let me know what you think so far.