presence. Hermione stands behind Draco, causing a jolt of nerves to course through his body as his heart rate increases ten-fold. He harshly exhales as she places her hand on top of his shoulder. Her actions cause him to stiffen at her unsuspecting touch. He doesn't know what to expect from here as her hand sweeps from his shoulder to his arm while her delicate fingers brush down to his hand. She grasps the top of if it. With unparalleled ease, she peels his hand away from the arm of the chair. Her intense gaze pierces him, and for a minute Draco is frozen by her influence. Not wanting the moment to end, but too proud to implicate otherwise, he stays still, waiting for her next move. She holds the strange quill at his pointed digit, and he notices it's inscribed with ancient runes...the end of the quill is sharp. Without warning, Hermione penetrates his skin with the pointed blade, and it's apparent the quill is using Draco's blood as its source of an inkwell. Once she removes the quill, she guides his finger to the enchanted scroll and smears his bloody fingerprint on it. Hermione hands him the quill and urges Draco to sign it. Draco steadily plants his finger on the scroll, and it leaves him feeling as though he is signing his life away - but nothing can be worse than his marriage to Astoria, so he puts his faith in the club. Puts his trust in Hermione. Her demeanour has a calming effect on his nerves. He doesn't realised the initiation is over until she swivels his chair around and he finds himself almost nose-to-nose with her. In most cases he would feel uncomfortable, but in this instance, he doesn't. His nerves try to get the better of him, but he ignores the urge to gulp. Hermione smiles, and Draco feels an unwarranted flutter in his chest. Suddenly, this feeling is a bit more bearable, so he smiles back at her - not a smirk, not a sneer, but a genuine smile, and she radiates something that just pulls him in. She speaks clear as ever, and what she says astounds him. "So, Malfoy. I believe you have a predicament regarding the impending divorce of your wife." Draco can't find the words, so he merely nods - a positive response to the obvious. For a time, Draco hears nothing, but he see's seduction oozing from her lips as she says innocently, "I can take care of that for you." The way her lips move to form each word beckons him. The delicate swipe of her tongue is unnerving and threatens to challenge him in ways he's never known possible. He didn't know he needed her until now. He imagines her unexpectedly taking his bloody finger, edging it toward her mouth. Draco's face is flushed as he feels a raging pulse in his cock at the thought. Hermione licks her lips nervously as they remain silent. Draco's daydream continues... Hermione slips his finger into her mouth—her tongue swirling around it. The inside of her cheeks enveloping his finger. Draco exhales a long breath. Fuck, Granger, that'd be so fucking hot. He is completely caught in up in the pleasantries of his thoughts. She was never one for sly innuendos, and he feels himself wanting to lose control, all because of some fucking fantasy. He envisions how dirty she'd look sucking his finger and chuckles aloud in response. Keep doing that, Granger, and you'll have something else thrust into your mouth. I don't think that's the kind of business we came to discuss, he says to himself silently. Hermione tilts her head questionly. "Private joke," says Draco with a smirk. "Let me fix that for you," suggests Hermione, looking at his bleeding finger. Draco quirks his brow at the offer, agreeing to let her fix it, though he wishes she was doing something else. He focuses on her lips as she repairs his finger and escapes to his fantasy once more. He imagines the hollow of her cheeks as she pulls his finger from her mouth. Her wet lips smack against his finger in doing so. She leans over, clears her throat and says, "I handle all of my business with the best intentions—to the best of my ability. I know you do, Granger. Draco's lips curl into a wicked smile. His stomach is in knots but his head feels fuzzy. He could swear what she said was real. She just sang, and it was music to his ears. Feeling a little daring, Draco pulls her onto his lap and she straddles him willingly. He allows his hand to grip her neck, holding her in place while his lips brush her earlobes; hovering for a moment, Draco allows his breath to echo in her ears. And he feels a magnetic pull to her it's unapologetically—overwhelming. Before he gets a chance to act, she whips her arm around, swiping his grip away from her neck. Hermione pins Draco with her body, so he indulges her. This is new territory for the both of them, but Draco cannot deny he's more than mildly enjoying it. He feels her lips graze his cheek. and a rush of air brushes his face as she whispers, "We own you now, Malfoy." Draco feels her breath on his face and he forces his eyes open. "Draco, are you okay?" she enquires. "What?" he asks, feeling a little discombobulated. "Umm, you smiled all of sudden and then fainted. It was only a little bit of blood," she chuckles. Draco attempts to get up, but she quickly pushes him down. "Oh, no you don't. Let me help you," orders Hermione. Draco feels confused and light headed. What the Hell just happened in my head? From that moment on, Draco isn't sure exactly what he's gotten into. And if it has anything to do with Hermione, he sure as Hell is going to have fun finding out.