was laughed out of the station." He said with disdain. "I noticed after I visited the station though I felt like I was being followed so I left my enquiry. But I just couldn't…" He paused, he seemed to lean harder onto his walking stick as he felt a little unsteady. Lily gestured for him to sit and he waved her of. "I'm fine." He said, although the scared look he had as he glanced back towards the house was reason for Lily to believe this had really shaken this man. A man she could tell just from this short time, was not easily shaken. "So that's my story. I don't want my name in the paper and I don't want any money. I just want someone to… well someone to believe me." He said earnestly. He straightened his perfect tie uncomfortably and waited for Lily to speak. "Mr Dawes that is quite a story." She said at first scratching her head, feeling perplexed. He frowned and looked annoyed. "If you don't believe me then don't waste my time." He said gesturing for the door. Lily turned to look at the door and was ready to get out of there but then she turned back to look at him. "I believe you." She said and she could visibly see his relief. "You do?" He asked. "Yes I do, now I have a few questions…" She said turning over a fresh page of her notepad. "I almost thought I was crazy at first." He said. "I've got two PHDs and a doctorate so I am hardly a foolish man. I am a man of science not of imagination. I couldn't have made this up myself if I tried." He said finally taking a seat next to the telescope. Lily took another nearby seat and she asked her questions. They sat and she got more details about the event from him for the next half an hour. He was certain about the details of the dome of light and he also gave extra detail to say the cloaked men's masks were silver. The most disturbing details came with the description of the man he saw taken from the home. Mr Dawes described the man as in his late 40s, he wore long blue robes similar to his kidnappers but without the hood up. He said he had a distinctive mark on his face, a large purple blotch on his cheek that could have been a birth mark. He had what Mr Dawes described as a look of extreme terror on his face just before he disappeared. "He looked like he was screaming, I obviously couldn't hear but I could just tell he was screaming at the top of his lungs in fear. His face was red and his eyes crazy. It haunts me." He said solemnly. "Mr Dawes, Can I ask you one last question before I go?" Lily said looking at him. "Why did you call the paper? I'm not sure how we can help if the police don't take this seriously." Lily said. "I had to do something. A man is in danger." He said with an air of surprise at the question. "A man's character is built around his actions and if I do nothing I will be a coward." Lily nodded. The whole conversation had made her feel the chill of old memories. The event he described undeniably interlinked with her old magical world, a world she had left behind. A hunger in her stomach to find out more now ravaged her body but she also felt the pull of safety, of her easy, boring life. "Thank you for your time Mr Dawes, your story is very disturbing and I need to get my head around it. I suggest you keep the details of this event to yourself and I'll have a dig around to see if anything comes of it." Lily said standing and again offering her hand out to him. "You must find the culprit!" He said passionately jumping out of his chair and again ignoring her hand. "I'm not a police woman Mr Dawes. I report on the news. I'll check and see if there's been any missing reports though and see if there's anything…" She didn't get to finish as he waved his hand and dismissed her words. "You clearly don't have what it takes to be an investigative reporter Miss Evans. This needs an in depth investigation. Something very dark is afoot!" He exclaimed waving his walking stick again. She didn't know what to say so she just nodded and then he led her back to the front door and gave her a very curt goodbye. She left him with her home phone number as a parting gift and told him to call her if anything else came to mind. She secretly hoped he wouldn't call though as she wanted to forget this whole event. Lily walked back to her car and got in, before she started the engine she let out a breath she didn't know she'd been holding. She couldn't believe the story he had told, it sounded crazy, but Lily knew that the description he gave matched up with the wizarding world. The breaking of the concealment charm, the cloaks the assailants wore and their instant disappearance was obviously them apparating. The parallels were obvious but yet she still felt like going home and hiding until she forget all about it. The old Lily would never have been this cowardly but she was not the same person as she was. The ten years since Hogwarts had taken its toll on her character and she simply wanted a quiet, unspectacular life. This event sounded like something that would take her in the wrong direction completely. She reached into pocket and pulled out the piece of paper Gina had given her. She looked one more time and then crumpled the paper up and threw it to the footwell of the passenger seat.