was trying to mug her he'd of done it by now. " Don't follow the pattern and I'll surprise him. Thereby taking the power back." She glanced over her shoulder again. He had disappeared and she stopped walking in confusion. "Where did-" " Ha! " Hermione whirled around. Appearing from a side street, the man approached her with a sickening grin. " Petite fille ," he reached out to her. Closer up she could see he was younger than she had thought but covered in a thin layer of dirt and sweat. But it was his face that drew her attention. His pupils were dilated and slow, but his leering gaze still roved her body. " Non! " Hermione screamed. She backed up but he lunged forward and seized her forearm in a vice grip. He pulled her forward and threw her down the side street. It was darker here and damp. Hermione scrambled to her feet but he was already there to push her back down. Hermione crawled backward and he said nothing as he stalked forward. " No, no, no, no, " she thought desperately. She was almost blind with terror. Her vision was blurry and all she could smell was the man as he bent down and grabbed her arm again. He rasped, " Une jolie f-fille, petite fille." Hermione couldn't help but think, why? Why me? He stroked her face and Hermione closed her eyes in revulsion. " Non," she whispered. He chuckled, " Oui." " Non!" she screamed. Her eyes flew open as he drew back to slap her. With furrowed brows she screamed again, "No!" Her magic reared up to answer her call. A crack! rang out and the man was thrown backwards. Hitting the ground hard he rolled into the wall. Sparks of light snapped and splintered off into the air. As soon as it came, her magic left her. She stumbled, weary, to her feet but the man's pained moan drove Hermione into action. She ran forward and around the man, sprinting back into the main street. Something yanked her ankle and she hit the brick hard, scraping her hands and knees. The man let out a low guttural noise that struck fear into the witch's soul. She struck out with her other foot and it connected with a snap! on his face. He screamed and clutched his face, curling up in pain. Hermione scrambled to her feet once more and, with a new fury, she drew back and kicked him once, twice, three times in his stomach and face. Each connected with a dull thud. With that, she took off back down the street the way she came. She ran hard, her feet pounding, sending pebbles flying. She never turned back, but her ears strained for the sound of following footsteps. The girl didn't dare turn around until she was once again surrounded by people. She glanced behind her and looked through the tourists, he wasn't there. " Mademoiselle? " "Ah!" Hermione spun back around. An older French women stood, taken aback by Hermiones scream. " Are you alright?" She questioned kindly. Hermione felt her lower lip tremble. " Non. " She promptly burst into tears. The older women, whom later introduced herself as Theresa, led a near hysterical Hermione to the police station. There her parents were contacted and Hermione calmed down enough to make a statement, telling them and an officer what had happened (minus the magic). Three hours later she sat in her room in her family's vacation home. The shock had long warn off, her scrapes were disinfected, a bruise was forming on her side where he had thrown her, and her parents had explained to her that this was in no way her fault. She sat on her private balcony and stared out onto the azure sea. Its shining waters calmed her down enough to think. She supposed her parents were explaining to the Granger family that she had fallen ill (Hermione had chosen to keep things quiet) and they would be cutting their trip a little short. Hermione pondered her day and wondered what would have happened if her magic had not responded in the miraculous way it seemed to do only for her (she would have to ask McGonagall about that). If she had been left to her own devices, essentially muggle, what could have happened. " He could have killed me." she thought. Her eyes watered but she kept her tears to herself. Hermione knew that she needed a solution. She had believed that she could think her way out of any situation. It had always worked for her in the past. But Hermione had just learned a very valuable lesson. Sometimes, when the cards are down and shit hits the fan, action- immediate, swift, deadly action was all that could save her. She thought about learning how to fight, martial arts or Jiu-Jitsu, but quickly dismissed that. She wouldn't have a teacher at Hogwarts and that took years, if not decades to master. What she needed was a wand without the Trace. One not subject to the Statute of Secrecy. She had read once that witches used to carry two wands. It fell out of practice in the sixteenth century. Perhaps Ollivander would be willing to sell her a second wand. " Yes ," she thought, " that's what I'll do . I won't let myself be defenceless again. " With that, Hermione left her balcony, latched the door and crawled into bed. Ready to settle into a well deserved sleep. She did her hair into a tight braid, her nightly ritual to tone down the next days frizz. She paused when a flashback of being thrown into the brick raced bast her eyes. She shook her head and determinedly continued to braid her hair. " But maybe," she thought, her hands shaking as she tied off her plait, " a little bit of muggle self-defense classes wouldn't be a bad idea."