her up from her chair and tight into his bare chest, her flyaway hair tickling across his arms. "Alright, Weasley?" Ginny chuckles a tad shakily as she burrows further into his embrace. "I'm alright. Nice way to take the edge off. No wonder you went into law enforcement." Harry buries his nose in her hair as he murmurs lightly, "Too right. I've got seventeen years of angst to work off." They're wrapping Artz in magic bonds and stowing his frozen body against the wall when Harry freezes, brow furrowed as he stands straight. "How did he know – " Before he can finish the thought, Ron's silvery terrier bursts to life in front of them and Ron's voice practically shouts something about a turncoat and an attack before it cuts off into a plume of dust. Harry blinks twice and mumbles, "No loose ends – " before he's grabbing Ginny and Artz's prone form and dragging them toward the property line. They've just crossed over when the charges go off and the cottage explodes behind them in a plume of smoke and fire. Abruptly, he turns to Ginny, both covered in sooty black streaks across their faces like tiger stripes. "We're not safe here." Ginny shoves his arm. "No shit, Harry ." The first spell comes from the treeline and Harry throws his body over Ginny's as he answers with four of his own, three finding their mark if the dull thuds are any indication, but the fourth goes wide and crackles through the trees. As the remaining back up emerges from over the hills, five pops sound and Ron appears with four other Aurors and he barks at Harry, "Get Ginny and that scum bag out of here. We've got this." Harry fights the impulse to stay and wraps one arm around Ginny's waist, the other hand grasping Artz roughly as they disappear with a quiet pop and reappear in the Auror Office, which is in a state of chaos. An Auror, Thompson he thinks, shoves past before he realizes the nearly naked man standing in the middle of the Ministry at four in the morning is in fact Harry Potter and more importantly he's dragging the most wanted criminal in the wizarding world at the moment. Harry waves away the blustered apologies and asks for Robards who is apparently injured – but in his office. Remarkably, he's not too concerned that he's living his 'I went to work in only my pants' nightmare and Ginny seems eager to stick close to his side so they make their way toward Robard's office and find the man in question slumped back in his leathery chair, a bloody cloth held to his forehead. He eyes Harry in his state of undress. "Yes, we all know you're in better shape than me Potter. No need to rub it in." Harry snorts but doesn't linger on pleasantries, setting Artz down as he places silencing charms around the office. "We have a mole. In the office." Robards scowls but doesn't question the truth of his statement. "Who?" "Someone who could find our secret location." "You think the requisition officer? Walsh?" Ginny chews her lip before she cuts in, "It was the officer – from MLEP. Or isn't it strange that he just happened to be there when Artz was taking that hit out. And that he was so hesitant to let Harry Potter in on the witness interview," she pauses, "Plus, he lingered close enough when we got the portkey that he could've read the paperwork." Robards glances at Harry, who nods shortly, and sends an urgent missive to the MLEP office two doors down before triggering something beneath his desk that sends a palpable thrum through the room. Robards grunts, "Ministry lock down – can't have that bastard getting away. Assuming he's still in the building." Harry nods. "He's likely not figured we'll have caught his trail this quickly." The first Auror arrives from the cottage, dragging one of the attackers into lock-up and Robards looks Harry and Ginny over. "You two should get out of here – away from people who actively tried to kill you in the last hour," Harry nods and Robards shoos them out the back door, "And find some clothes too, Potter. Never wanted to be this close to you." Harry snorts and sneaks with Ginny toward the Department of Magical Law Enforcement emergency apparition point, and every time they hear someone barreling down the corridor, they slip into the shadowy alcoves. Unlike his daydreams, which generally involve having Ginny shivering in his arms in shadowy corners for more enjoyable reasons. At the last turn before the apparition point, Ginny pulls Harry back and presses him flush against the wall. "Before we get out there and you start being all gentlemanly telling me to go back to my flat, I'm cold and tired and not afraid to say a bit shell-shocked from recent events. And I'd like you to take me home," Harry nods readily but Ginny realizes he's likely misunderstanding, "Home with you . To your flat." He nods slower this time, and Ginny clarifies again, "To your bed. That we will share ." A smile rises on his lips. "Anything else on the itinerary, Miss?" Ginny pinches his bare side and their shared laughter echoes in the marble hallways, reminding them both they aren't in Harry's cozy flat where no one can see them. So he leads her toward the apparition point and gathers her close. "Ready then?" Her answer comes with a blistering kiss that sends Harry's heart racing so that he has to pull away. "Don't get me all distracted before Apparition. Have to remember the Three D's." Nodding in understanding, Ginny puts a bit of space between their bodies, eyes sparkling mischievously. "Ah yes, must remember the Three D's to protect the Fourth D." Harry gapes for a moment and Ginny tosses her head back in laughter. "Well, take me home then, Potter."