And I started to panic. What else could I do? Be over the moon that I was suddenly being handed a small boy to look after and we'd get on perfectly and it was only nine weeks, nine weeks , practically ten, practically a quarter of a year, nine or ten weeks of my life (however nonexistent it was) was going to be wasted in taking care of a spoiled brat. Perhaps I could sneak one drink, just the one─ Oh god, this was going to be absolute hell, this was more of a hell than I was already in, torture (well deserved but that's beside the point). Was this some small scrap of karma? Did it even matter to find it some sort of reasoning? I had spent the whole day trying to put the task in the back of my mind even while I prepared for it and I still wasn't sure I had everything. I did not own toys, games, anything of the sort. Why hadn't I bought any of that while I was out? I was pacing the sitting room, biting at my thumb nervously. Muggle living, muggle clothes, I was accepting of but a small gremlin running around everywhere and getting into things and crying every few moments and stomping their feet and whining? I would go mad; I was going to go mad before the summer was over. I would die; I most definitely was going to die. I wouldn't stand for disobedience, that was one thing I knew for certain and I would not hesitate to put my foot down, to teach the child proper discipline, manners, respect. Yes, I was the one in control here, not the child, I just had to keep repeating that to myself like a righteous mantra and I would do an exemplary job. A four year old was not stronger nor smarter than me, I had the upper hand and I was a sharpened expert at gaining others attention and having strict order and being flawlessly organized no matter the nights where I became utterly inebriated and talked to myself and to books and threw things around and practiced Feng Shui though in reality I would somehow wind up moving my sofa into my kitchen and my bed in the sitting room and many other variations of oddly positioned furniture and it was deplorable behavior but it was just who I was, and at least I did it in private though I did have many black out nights that could be up for debate. And at exactly one in the afternoon there was a knock on my door and my heart sank to my arse and my mind was wiped clean of all logical thought, though perhaps it had already been the moment I heard Dumbledore's words: "Severus, I need you to take care of Harry Potter for the summer." I tried to breathe but it was getting wedged in places and the floor felt like sand when I walked across the short space into the entry hall and I could see Dumbledore's form through the stained-glass window and my deadened arm reached up and it felt like a stranger's hand that took hold of the door handle and I was opening it and the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was standing outside in a vibrant muggle suit that didn't match his green dress shoes and he carried an old satchel of sorts as well as a small blue suitcase. Those eyes were beaming behind those half-moon spectacles and he was giving me such a hospitable smile and the summer day was blaring outside, the crooked street much livelier than usual, cars parking and children skipping rope and shouting with glee. Only the old coot was in view for I did not move closer, I couldn't. "Severus, my young man," Dumbledore greeted and the sound of his voice was much higher. "It's a pleasure to see you. And here we have..." the old wizard posing as a very flamboyant muggle with ghastly fashion sense had turned to his left, bending down somewhat. "Come now dear Harry, there's no reason to be shy; you're a very polite boy, aren't you? Introduce yourself." I hate children, I do, abominably so, I hate their laughter, their snot filled noses, their persistently sticky hands, their god awful tantrums, their drunken-like appearances, their stunted speech, their inability to control the volume of their voices, their cheek, their teeth missing grins, their rosy faces, their overly imaginative brains, their lack of situational awareness, their piss poor immune systems, their clumsy hand eye coordination, their crybaby attitudes, the fishbowl worlds they lived in, I hated it all with every inch, every fiber, ever cell of my being. And despite all of that, despite everything, the little timid thing that shuffled into view to stand outside my front door was the most adorable child I had ever fucking seen in my entire miserable life. A/N: Ok, I hope this was enjoyable. The next chapter will probably be up in a few weeks since I am finishing other chapters of my 2 other stories and it has been forever, literally, since I have updated those but they are almost finished. Let me know if you look forward to reading more of this story please. This is my opinion of how a younger Severus would be before the start of Harry's school years at Hogwarts. He's very sarcastic, grieving but not showing it, self-loathing, short tempered, cold hearted, vindictive, a dark sense of humor and very tired of life already. *The image used is one I have made myself though I wished it turned out better but I will probably redo it when I have more time. Please review if you have the time. Thank you for your support : ) Questions, comments, concerns, complaints? Don't hesitate to PM me. I apologize for any errors I may have missed. I hope everyone is well.