Just not said personality. Bellatrix chuckled three notes or four. The Mudblood always had a fine and wandering mind. Granger had been arrogant as a child and the woman wasn't any less. Her mouth twitched, enjoying Muddy's haughty chin. Much more fun that Lucy's peacocks. "Testy, are we Prime? And here I thought you enjoyed our discourse." Bella's eyes glinted and she extended her hand, royal sigil crowing her finger. "Either way, Muddy, you fail at etiquette." Despite herself, Hermione flushed as she bent at the order. She hated how those dark eyes glinted with more than simple evil. Her lips brushed obsidian and pale skin, and queer warmth pushed through her body. Bellatrix pressed closer to supplicating-Hermione and resheathed the witch's wand in holster. Perhaps she meant it as amicable, but the motion startled the Primer and without thinking Hermione slapped the empress' face. Overkill. Snarling, Bellatrix assailed and slapped her right back. The sound lent well to acoustics and Hermione gasped out something between odium and combat. Too chummy with the shelves, Hermione hadn't the room to negotiate escape or personal space. The empress yanked her braid and bared Hermione's neck painfully. Hermione definitely kicked her in the shin. Bellatrix hissed approvingly and thumbed the Primer tattoo with interest. The clever artist had made a ligature of the 1 and the U, the 1 serving as the leftmost U stroke. "He had more talent than me," The royal drawled unkindly, fingers brushing along her handiwork of a decade earlier. "What can I do you for, Empress, chitchat isn't your strength." Hermione snarled and pulled her arm away. She gritted her teeth at the uncomfortable angle and perusal. Bellatrix had branded nightmare upon her skin and the land. She fascinated Hermione all the same, like glinting beetles and funeral dirge. "You're boring, Granger," Bellatrix whispered precariously. "I had hoped for something less predictable." "So sorry to disappoint, Trixie, but if harassing a mudblood before breakfast isn't regaling, then your frivolities are fucked." Punishment was swift and Hermione swallowed a scream as her scar seared hot and raw. Bellatrix shoved her hard against the end wall and whispered breathy Crucios in ear. Trembling, Hermione dropped the Occamy jar and silver dust filled the air, coating their corner and the empress' hair. "You waited," Hermione gasped between waves, "eleven years for round two and pick a frigging potions shoppe?" The Empress stopped for that, sinister at the prey. Hermione had learned there were worse things than death and didn't mind tempting mortality. But the silver dust was lovely against those black curls and her mind was wide at the horror of that. "I wait for nothing, Muddy." Bellatrix considered several impossible things, as it was before breakfast. Her face was impassive and statues were proud. "See yourself to the palace by Moonsday. You've been commissioned into the lower court." "You're batshit out of mind if you think I've serving you or the snake. I'm Prime, not suicidal." Hermione lost any sense of prudence and gaped at the witch, fairly certain that this entire exchange had been far too friendly. Bellatrix kneed her in the side, smirking hate. Hermione sagged against her and mocked embrace. Bellatrix's arm about her waist was steady and Hermione's head tucked into her neck. Her legs wouldn't work and the Empress cooed in her ear, whispering unhelpfully. "Pity. The dead serve for eternity. Moonsday, Muddy, or Minerva in your place." The threat was unnecessary, but Lestrange had always enjoyed going above and beyond. "Caste, can't," Hermione rasped, words working hard for lungs. No one below Gentry served in court or cabinet and Granger was phenomenally glad for her status at the present. The hand thumbing her lip was unexpected and Hermione hitched breath. Bellatrix cradled her face and tilted Hermione's head sideways, exposing mark. The empress kissed the brand and sucked softly. Hermione didn't mean to sound, didn't mean to clutch fire at the witch's hips. But she did, desperately keening past and present. Without thought, her hands rose and tangled in those black curls. There wasn't a conscious effort to action, only the iron branding in her veins. Bella's stroked Hermione's cheek, alarmed or pleased by the fervor. Hermione's magic flared a harmless glow, sealing the spell, and glinting on spilt silver. The witch was struck by surrealism and wrenched Bella's head away. Legs still unruly she tripped and nearly fell into Bella's mouth. The Empress caught her, eyes unreadable and hard. They stared uncomfortably at each other. Bella's curious smirk combed Hermione's face and neither had much to say about that. "The hell, Bellatrix," Hermione raged unwisely, eyes wild and unwilling to settle. The whole of this felt off. "I would have preferred your knife." The spell hadn't exactly been painful, but her organs weren't happy with the sudden blight. Bellatrix propped the witch back upright, using the wall for brace. She stepped back, any sense of emotion or benevolence wrung out. "Moonsday or doomsday, little Mudblood." The empress turned on her heel and stalked out the row. She turned back to Hermione, smirking a debased grace. "Citizen Gentry and Primer, my congratulations. You've leveled up." Sure enough, Hermione fingered the raised welts on her neck. She didn't need a mirror to realize that a capital G (much like the former U) had commandeered the 1, stealing it for its tail. Fuck. She now outranked Minerva. Hermione kept her spot on the wall for a good ten minutes after, needing her heart race to calm or win. When neither appeared timely, she brushed herself off and tugged her robes back to shape. She almost made it out the doorjamb but startled as Bevans caught her arm, her parcel in hand. Back at the Burrow she found the Occamy jar, this one perfectly formed and unshattered. Silver, glinting like black curls in a shoppe. Author's Note II: R & R. This one took on a life its own. One-shot for now, but I am considering expanding.