leaving a note in a fake replacement locket. Dumbledore died later that same evening, never knowing that we had failed. Kreacher had finally run out of steam and stood sobbing with his head hanging almost to the floor. I knelt down in front of him. "Regulus would be extremely proud for all you have done, Kreacher. I found something of his that I know he would want you to have." I held out the locket Regulus had left in the cave. He stared at it in shock, before bursting into a horrible wail. "Kreacher failed his master! Kreacher is a bad elf!" He turned to fling himself at the wall, but I had anticipated this and caught his arms. "Stop, Kreacher! You are not to punish yourself for any reason. Regulus would not think you a failure, because you tried to complete his task with everything you had. He did not know that the enchantments were beyond the knowledge of house-elves, and he would want you to have this as a reward for your excellent efforts." He finally calmed somewhat and reverently took the Black locket in his hands. "Kreacher does not know what to say. Master is too kind to Kreacher, to give him something of good Master Regulus." I spoke more quietly. "I want to see Regulus' task completed as well. I know how to destroy the Dark Lord's locket from the cave, if you can help me find it." "Master Harry will help Kreacher if Kreacher helps Master Harry?" he croaked. "Yes, Kreacher, you are indeed a worthy elf." He gave a long sniff and swiped his arm across his face before bowing to the floor. "Kreacher is ready to serve." "Thank you, Kreacher; you honor the Ancient and Noble House of Black." I was laying it on a bit heavily, but I really needed to get this done, and I couldn't very well take the time to plan an infiltration of the Ministry of Magic as told in the book. I was in a hurry. "I know the locket was once at Grimmauld Place, but I believe Mundungus Fletcher stole it. He might still have it, but he was going to sell it to Madame Delores Umbridge, Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic. She probably has it by now. I need you to retrieve it without getting caught. Create a fake one to replace it if necessary. Bring the locket to me when I am alone. I repeat – you must do this without getting caught . Let no one see you." Determination covered his features. "Kreacher will do it." I nodded with a smile, and he disappeared with another loud crack. Operation Locket was underway. o o o 1.02 0805 WEDNESDAY "Put that back, boy! That's more than you're allowed!" I'm embarrassed to know that I am the same species as this man. Honestly, it was one fried egg on toast. "Uncle Vernon, I cooked the same amount for you that I always do. I'm hungry and I have a lot to do today if my idea is going to have a chance." The redirection seemed to work. "So we won't have to leave after all? We can stay here and you'll be gone with those freakish friends of yours and leave us alone?" "No guarantees, but I feel pretty good about it." I took a bite before he could yank away my meager rations. Aunt Petunia and Dudley stared as if they never seen me eating a real breakfast. Come to think of it, they probably hadn't. I swallowed before continuing, "You need to proceed with the original plan, just in case the mission isn't completed fully. If everything goes as I hope, unpacking will be no big deal. In the event I fail miserably, then you can probably stay anyway. It's unlikely they'll come after you once I'm dead." Aunt Petunia recoiled. "That… man… who killed Lily?" I looked at her and nodded. "Some stupid prophecy made before I was born said I'm the one that punches his ticket. Ironically, he's set himself up so I can. And I plan on making it happen." Talk of confrontation piqued Dudley's interest. "You can really take this guy? Isn't he supposed to be like super powerful?" "Yeah, he's powerful, but your Aunt Lily did something really amazing by giving up her life for me, bestowing upon me a power greater than he will ever know – the power of love. It sounds corny, but it was the reason I beat him as a baby and again in my first year at school. And it's kept me alive the other times we've met. It's also what has protected all of us here in this house, because Professor Dumbledore made sure that power would work through her blood relative, your mum. Unfortunately, that protection expires next week as soon as I come of age in our world, which is why all the escape planning." The light seemed to come on in Dudley's eyes, but Uncle Vernon remained unconvinced. "Pure stuff and nonsense," he muttered. o o o 1.A A/N: This all began when I read a "Harry Potter goes back in time" mirror moment, and I tried my hand at the same thing except that the character was instead a Harry Potter fan, and although this might appear at first to be a self-insert, it is definitely not. I apologize in advance if you dislike interweaving real-world references into the HP world. I wrote half the story and left it for several years on my laptop; deciding that the 10th anniversary of the DH release was as good as opportunity as any to finally get the full version of this fic out to you readers. I plan on publishing 10 chapters over the next 10 weeks. I hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: I claim nothing of the Harry Potter universe; this is a transformative work solely for entertainment purposes and no galleons (or other denomination) were transacted. o