choices. Choices which he ultimately regretted now. He regretted letting the darks arts became his haven when he was bullied, letting it seduce him with promises of retribution. He regretted falling in with the unsavory members of his house, letting them twist his mind against his best friend, the only person he loved. He regretted calling her that awful word. He regretted serving the Dark Lord, telling him of that prophecy. A prophecy that seemed to be playing out before his very eyes. He had gone with the headmaster to visit the boy that was the remains of all that he cared for. What he saw terrified him. The boy wasn't evil, he wasn't sadistic. No, he was a young, intelligent and socially awkward boy. One who was capable of magic far beyond his years. That's what worried Severus. The boy had more power than any child ought. Harry may not have been conjuring an army out of thin air, or some other ridiculous feat but that potential was there. It was like watching a new legend start out. As far as he knew only Dumbledore and the Dark Lord had such a grasp of magic at that age. To see another with the potential to become a sorcerer was, well terrifying. The Dark Lord had brought utter fear to the Wizards of Europe. Enough that only a few even uttered his name. Even with his taboo gone. What might Harry Potter be? The prophecy he had heard from Trelawny all those years ago came to the forefront of his mind. It brought a shiver down his spine. An insidious thought came to him. Perhaps he will follow the Dark Lord's footsteps and become one himself. The boy had no friends to his knowledge. Would that loneliness turn to hate? It had in the case of Severus Snape. He prayed Harry Potter would be better than him. The world had enough children grow bitter from their childhoods. A gasp tore through his thoughts. "Headmaster is it true!?" The words of Minerva McGonagall made his teacup vibrate, the feeling of it pulling him out of his introspective gaze even more. A sigh pervaded the room. "Yes Minerva, Mr. Potter does indeed seem to have an unusually strong grasp on magic." Flitwick coughed into his hands. "I suppose that we were called on so that if the boy happens to be in any of our houses we would keep a better eye on him?" Severus's eyes roamed across the room the room to meet the eyes of the other heads of houses. It seemed the headmaster really wanted to keep an eye on the boy. 'Good.' The headmaster nodded. "Yes, I would like all of you to keep a close eye on the boy, and make sure he doesn't veer off onto a… unsavory path. The boy has much potential. Why he reminds me of myself. My teachers saw my potential. When I became bored with the material and started looking at things a boy my age wasn't ready for they kept me from veering into such things. I believe that Harry will need such guidance." That was a startling thought. A young Albus Dumbledore seduced by the dark arts. What would such a man look like? What havoc would that man wreck on the world? Severus didn't want the answer. The shortest among them spoke. "I understand headmaster. If the boy comes to Ravenclaw you have my promise, I shall do my best." Minerva spoke next. "I concur, Mr. Potter is a child who needs guidance. It is our duty, as those who shall be his teachers to give him the proper guidance." The headmaster looked at him, his eyes had that piercing look, legilimency. Not for the first time, he decided was an abhorrent art. "Yes, if Mr. Potter gets sorted into Slytherin I shall endeavor to take take care of him of to the best of my ability." The headmaster let a smile arise. "I find myself relieved to have my fears dispelled. Now to speak of something not so worrying, I have relieved myself of the post the of chief warlock, which leaves me with much more time on my hands than expected. I have taken it upon myself to fix up the castle, and as a surprise for the students I have created new brooms for them to use." Severus's eyes widened. The headmaster resigning as the chief warlock, despite himself Severus could understand the reasoning behind it. The headmaster would want to protect the stone himself, not to mention his very presence would dissuade many from attempting a robbery. It seemed that the coming year would be very busy indeed He took another sip of his tea to quench his suddenly parched throat. Harry sat on the foot of his bed mind ablaze with thoughts of magic. The headmaster had shown him something so wondrous that he simply couldn't get it out of his head. He could still vividly see the small lion come into existence at the behest of the old man. With a fire in his chest, he decided. He would learn to create it as that old man had. The books on science he had hadn't talked about that kind of stuff at all. If those scientists didn't know about magic then what else might they not know? How much of what people took for granted as scientific fact was incorrect? How much was unknown? It was sad Harry thought. To not know of how the world and reality worked. No matter he'd learn it all one day, and discover the truth for himself. It was starting. His plan was taking place and he'd see if it would pay off. Eons ago he'd traveled out, outside of the dream. That moment had opened his mind to the truth of the dream. Now he needed one of them to learn of that truth as well and become what he failed to become... The Dreamer.