to Azkaban, and tell her that he was turning over a new leaf. But all Draco Malfoy could say to Jemma Dursley before she left was this. "You can keep the newspaper." "All right. Thank you," Jemma said politely and, pocketing her two copies of The Daily Prophet, took off running. Draco was left standing there, almost as if in a daze, before sighing and Apparated. Trusting Seraphine to stay out of sight without having to be told, Jemma went back to her family's apartment to find her parents having their breakfast with Dudley, who was still looking rather sleepy. "Morning, Jem..." Dudley yawned, sipping his coffee to try to wake himself up. "Morning, Dud," Jemma said, now on slightly friendlier terms as of late, and nodded to her parents. "Good morning, Jem dear. Have a nice run?" her mother asked sweetly. "Yeah, it was good," Jemma shrugged before heading to her room. "Jemma, why not sit down and have breakfast with us?" her father, Vernon, inquired. "Oh, I already had breakfast before I left, Dad. I'm just going to take a shower," Jemma replied, already closing her bedroom door. While in the shower, Jemma pondered on her meeting with Malfoy. It was rather strange, in her opinion, to have just bumped into her cousin's former school enemy in a rather ordinary place such as the park. She often thought people like Malfoy didn't like to mingle with Muggles. And that's what Jemma was. A Muggle. A non-magic person. Or so she had once thought. For, not too long ago, Jemma had received a very special message from a very special phoenix. Fawkes, Seraphine's father and once loyal pet phoenix of the late Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, had visited Jemma late one night in her old home in Number 4, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey and had not only entrusted Jemma with the egg that, on Halloween Night, hatched into the youngest Dursley's feathered sister... but had also revealed to Jemma that she was magical. And she wasn't just magical. Jemma was a Phoenix Soul, a powerful witch that had the ability to command fire and possessed the gifts of a phoenix. So she was told and had yet to discover. To be honest, Jemma wasn't really sure how her magic would present itself. She asked Seraphine once but even she couldn't give her an answer. 'It'll probably come when you least expect it, Jem. No use worrying about it now,' Seraphine had told her. Jemma took her advice, but secretly hoped that her magic would show itself when she was on her own. The last thing her family wanted, after Harry, was to have another bout of magic in their household. So, in the meantime, Jemma contented herself with being ordinary... Well, as ordinary as she could be, anyway. After showering and dressing up, Jemma heard her parents calling her to the living room and she went. Once she was there, her father smiled widely at her. "My boss just called. Said I've been promoted and there'll be a party in my honor this afternoon," he said jovially while his wife looked beside herself with joy. "We must all go! This is a once in a lifetime opportunity!" Petunia said excitedly. "But I had plans to go to the local pub with..." Dudley tried to protest but Vernon chuckled, "Now, now, Dudley! I'm sure your friends won't mind if you miss one night out. Besides, the party's going to be held in this new restaurant that's just opened down the street. It's hard to get reservations there!" Before Jemma knew it, she was being forced into what she deemed to be the gaudiest and, to her horror, pinkest party dress she had ever seen. "There is no way I am wearing something that pink," she stubbornly said to her mother. "Jem dear, it's only for one night," Petunia frowned as she put the dress over her daughter's head and, without meaning to, yanked down on it hard. "OW!" No sooner had Jemma yelped did she hear her mother scream, "OH GOD!" and quickly pulled the dress on to see her mother pressed against the door in fear, her hand to her chest. 'Had she seen a mouse in my hair or something?' Jemma thought before glancing down at her dress. Her brown eyes widened as she saw that the atrocious pink dress complete with pastel pink ribbons had been changed into a fiery red one with burnt orange ribbons. Smiling at the improvement, Jemma looked up at her mother who seemed transfixed at the sight of her. "I like this one better," she grinned before her mother suddenly seized her hand and she went rigid at the sight of her mother's cold face. "You will not speak a word of this to your father or your brother, understand? And, while we're out there, make sure you control... whatever it is!" she snapped. Jemma, startled and confused, merely nodded. "Good," With a huff, Petunia left the room to primp herself up. Jemma looked at her reflection in the mirror and, slowly, realization dawned on her. She had heard from Harry about how wizards and witches can perform magic even at a young age, even before getting their first wands, and she realized what got her mother into such a frenzy. Jemma had just performed her first bout of accidental magic. 'Great. So much for a normal day...' Jemma thought, sighing, as she wondered what unusual feat would she accidentally perform next. Well, that's my first REWRITTEN chapter. How was it? Leave your reviews (I accept constructive criticism and even wild raves) whenever you want. If you guys were a bit surprised at how I added Draco so early into the story, I honestly just thought of putting him there to add some intrigue to Jemma's ordinary day and, if you guys have any suggestions for the next or future chapters of this story, I'd love to hear them. -GuardianDragon98