submissive like he was. 'Poor little bro I would have thought he would have become a Veela maybe a submissive one like me' Charles thought sadly now that his brother has to live in a world of Veelas where he would never be fully able to live within. 'I hope Harry will be okay with not being a Veela' thought Diana. 'I hope he won't become jealous of us like how Aunt Petunia was jealous of our mother for having magic and she didn't.' Harry sighed a breath of relief as he looked to see Remus shaking his head in disappointment and anger but he just brushed it off as it didn't matter. James and Lily quickly rushed over to their children and hugged them, well only Charles and Diana because they were proud of their children for becoming full fledged Veela. After they hugged their children they looked towards Harry as James knelt down to his youngest son and gently patted his head. "Hey prongslet I'm sorry you didn't inherit the Veela gene." he said sadly as he took Harry's silence as a way of saying that's he's not happy. "But hey you still carry Veela blood within you so any descendant of yours will be Veelas" smiled Lily as she hugged him. Truth was Lily and James were hoping that all of their children would be Veela but two out of three were good enough for them. Harry gave a fake smile, "your right mom I may not have inherited the gene but I still carry the blood so I'm technically still a Veela." he laughed. But that was a lie for he discovered that when he imprisioned his own Veela in chains in his mindscape that alone was slowly removing the Veela blood and genes from his body. If any of the Veela found out then Harry would either be hated and cast out of the Veela nation or be forced to accept and release his imprisioned Veela spirit. The rest of the celebration was now in full swing as all of Diana and Charles' friends were congratulating them for their success. The twins thanked them as they were getting a little embarassed. The only thing on their mind was their little brother Harry and how they wanted to be there and comfort him. When their friends finally left they looked around the room for Harry but couldn't find him anywhere. They thought he left the manor to deal with his disappointment of not becoming a full fledged Veela and decided to leave him alone to calm down. It was almost 11:00 PM as Harry and his siblings were getting ready for bed as they were exhausted from the party. Charles wished his siblings a good night. Diana and Hadrian did the same as they retired to their rooms. When Hadrian was finished changing into his pajamas he laid in his bed with a happy smile, he saved himself from going through the Veela inheritence that scared him since he found out about the Veela race. He was proud of his accomplishment and now he can live safely with the fact that he can finally fall in love with the person that he himself chooses. All of the guests left the manor a couple of hours earlier leaving James, Lily, Sirius, Remus, and the king of the Veela nation and his family. The Veelas and their friends were sitting in the living room as they were discussing Lord and Lady Potters new Veela children and their future. "James you must be so proud of your twins right now?" Lucius said calmly. Lord Potter nodded happily with pride in his expression, "I am indeed our majesty I have never been more proud of them then I am now." "It's a shame that young Hadrian didn't inherit the Veela genes he would have been the most beautiful Veela since Morgana LeFay." the king stated sadly. "What do you mean?" Lily asked. "Well its simple" answered Cissy. "Morgana LeFay was the most beautful Veela in all of history not to mention the most powerful. Plus when I looked at Harry I could see a lot of Morgana in him, I think he might be the reincarnation of her." "He may not be a full Veela but he's still beautiful in his own right" said Draco as if he was defending the non Veela. "after all remember what the Muggles say beauty is only skin deep" "So true" laughed Sirius. "I'm sure the pup will find his mate whether he is a Veela or not" 'You have no idea how wrong you are Sirius' Remus thought to himself. 'that ungrateful brat won't be able to find his mate at all since he rejected his Veela, which also makes it hard for Harry's life mate to find him.' he let out a silent growl since he was still angry at Hadrian. "You think he might be a late bloomer" Cissy suggested. "Could it be that he'll come into his Veela inheritence later in his life." "Maybe or maybe not darling Cissy" smiled Lucius. "Every Veela has transformed on their seventh birthday there has never been a late bloomer. But we will see if I am wrong or not" He then turned towards the Potters. "Thank you for hosting this celebration James and Lily." James bowed his head in respect "its an honor your highness" "Come Draco and Narcissa we must be heading home." Lucius stated firmly but softly as they headed towards the exit of the manor. As they exited the manor Draco's Veela was reacting as if his mate was within the manor. But for some reason it could not locate or sense its mate and it was starting to hurt the spirit. The royal Veelas apparated back to the Veela kingdom where they retired for the night. There you go everyone my very first Harry Creature Inheritence story hope you all enjoy. Please review and tell me what you think.