was different. "I heard the argument." Yeah, today was different. "I've messed up everything." Alice replied, her eyes watering once again. "No you haven't. You told them how you felt and that needed to be done," Martin stated, closing the door behind him as he came to sit on the side of her bed. "It was very brave of you." Alice blinked a few times, realizing that her annoying, sneaky, infuriating brother was actually kind and considerate when he needed to be. She thought back to the times whenever they fought when they had been younger, much younger than they were now. He would pick on her, tease her to no end, but he was also the type of brother to sneak extra food onto her plate, read to her when she wasn't feeling well, and give her his sweater when she was cold. What upset her was that she was only realizing this now. "Thank you for being my brother." She mumbled, her tired eyes struggling to stay open. Martin didn't answer, but before she drifted off, she swore that she saw him smile for the first time in months. There were a few things that alarmed Alice when she woke up. First off, it was uncharacteristically bright in her room. Second, she smelt smoke. And third, she heard yelling. Alice sat up in bed and saw flames all around her. Her drapes had fallen and were practically ash, all the furniture was on fire, including her own bed, and the worst part was that she was positive that the fire wasn't only happening in her room. She'd screamed when she had seen her sheets on fire, throwing them off of her body. It didn't burn, nor did it hurt, but she didn't have any time to think about how she had no burns on her skin or no sense of its heat. Alice scrambled out of bed and ran towards her door, turning the glowing red handle and throwing open her door. The fire was everywhere. It shot along the banister, along the walls, burning every picture frame and shelf it could. The floor was covered in flames, as if someone had covered the surface with oil beforehand, but what scared her even more was that the way the fire moved wasn't natural. It had its path laid out for it and it burned with a purpose to destroy everything in its way. Alice had barely heard the screaming coming from a few rooms away over the crackling of burning wood. She could hear the wooden beams in the structure of their house crackling as well, knowing that the house would collapse in a matter of minutes. Running through the fire, the young girl barely missed getting crushed under a wooden pillar as it was broken and destroyed by the fire. She found the room where the screaming had originally came from, but she couldn't hear anything anymore. It was her brother's room that she had stopped in front of, griping the handle tight and throwing open the burning door. At first, Alice saw nothing but fire. The Quidditch memorabilia her brother had collected remained burning on the floor or still on the walls. In fact, every wall in the room was engulfed in flames. She could barely make out the color of the room anymore. Her eyes searched the room for any glimpse of her family. And her blood ran cold when she finally did. "No, no, no, no, no!" Alice wailed, running towards them. Their bodies weren't moving as they lay on the burning floor, their clothes destroyed by the fire and their skin blistering from the heat. She could barely make out their faces when she got closer, for they were no longer recognizable. Her tears distorted her vision as she stumbled towards the window in order to open it and call for help. While she couldn't see much through her blurred vision, Alice saw one thing for sure. Figures dressed in black cloaks striding quietly away from their burning house. Alice was starting to have a hard time seeing anything, the numbness making itself known all over her body. She looked down to see that her clothing had caught fire, but she didn't care. It didn't hurt her, so why would she care? She kneeled beside the bodies of her family and began to cry feverously, her anger building up to the point where she was sure she would explode. "You cannot leave me alone! I'm only a child, how am I supposed to survive without someone looking after me!" Alice screamed at the bodies. "I need all three of you, you're all I have! Please, don't leave me alone. Oh Merlin, please don't leave me alone!" The young girl had lost it, sobs shaking her core so badly that she was sure she felt a rib give out and snap. She couldn't breathe, either from the smoke or because of her sobs, she didn't know. She didn't care. She was alone and she couldn't do anything to stop the scene in front of her. "I'm so sorry," Alice bawled, leaning over the bodies. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please, oh no, please. No, no, no, no, no…" The girl was a blabbering fool, her fear and pain swallowing her whole as she lay with what was left of her family. Sorrow was her friend and despair was her state of mind. She couldn't remember her name, where she was, who she was, what she was, when it was, or anything at all. All she knew was that she would rather burn with her family in her home than go on living whatever life was set out for her. She only realized she wasn't burning when the roof above them collapsed, taking away the consciousness Alice had longed to lose since the day had began. A bit of a depressing opening chapter/prologue, but I hope you all enjoyed! Feedback is always welcome :) - GuiltyCalamity