control over it. As for sapient hosts, they were problematic. In principle, they acted much like an animal host but with a few key differences. Along with intelligence, sometimes abilities or power would bleed over, not only that, but it still had free will. With this, the host could become a formidable foe if they chose to stand against the creator. That alone was reason enough for everyone in the last millennia to avoid creating a horcrux from a sapient host. As such, not much was known about it. Voldemort never planned to turn Henrietta into a horcrux, he had a different object in mind, but when the spell sent to kill her as a baby struck, it backfired. His soul was split, and without any direction, it latched onto her. It was then that the soul shard found a previously unknown ability: Merging. Souls were never meant to be split, so when a shard is ripped free from the 'master soul' it seeks to return, but it also has the ability to merge itself with its hosts soul. What effect it would have, it had no idea, but in this moment there was little choice -No amount of accidental magic could save little Henrietta as she succumbed to the freezing temperatures. Finally, the soul shard made its choice. If its host was dying from the cold, it would need to turn up the heat. So the Horcrux did something no other of its kind had ever done before. It merged itself with her soul. Two became one with all the consequences that would ensue. Just before Henrietta lost consciousness for what would have been the last time, her world went up in dark red flames. The fire did not spread nor smoke, but the flames continued to burn the area around her. The snow sizzled and evaporated, the ground below became scorched, yet all Henrietta felt was blissful warmth surround her. ... The entirety of the national park was covered in a thick blanket of snow, a forested winter wonderland. That is, everywhere but a small area deep in the national park; a twenty-foot circle of snowless, scorched land. In the centre, was the prone form of Henrietta, looking completely untouched by the inferno that had blazed around her that night. The child tossed and turned ever so slightly before waking with a gasp. Her sleep had not been the most pleasant, not because of the hard ground she slept on -it was actually quite comfortable, if she said so herself- but because of a recurring dream. Shrill laughter echoed in her mind as a woman screamed, then a bright flash of green that blacked out the entire scene. Only two glowing red eyes remained. Looking around she found herself still in the forest, noting the strange scorch marks around her. Henrietta shivered as a tingle spread throughout her body making her feel all warm inside. Though, this was not the only thing she was feeling as a wave of relief and freedom settled over her mind. She was finally away from the Dursley's if her memory served her correctly. A low growl startled the child before she realised that the cause was her stomach. Before her belly had interrupted, she had wholeheartedly agreed that leaving the Dursley's was the best choice. Now a part of her really regretted running away, at least then she would have been fed at the Dursley's... no matter how little. " What was that? " a small, silky voice asked. Henrietta would say it was perfectly reasonable the way she had reacted. The raven-haired girl had thought she was alone, then out of nowhere a voice spoke up. So, she screamed, looking around for whoever spoke. She found no one. " Silence! " the voice hissed, clearly feminine. This time, she had been expecting some sort of response, so she continued scanning the area, that was until something moved in her peripheral vision. Looking to the disturbance, she found a snake, reared up and ready to strike at a moment's notice. "A snake?" Henrietta said aloud, completely forgetting the voice she had heard only a few seconds ago. I thought all the snakes had gone into hibernation. However, it was not the time to be thinking about snake hibernation schedule, as the snake went from aggressive to comically shocked, as if someone had just stepped in it's pudding -not that Henrietta would know what it's like. " It speaks!? " the voice shouted, though this time she could pinpoint where the voice was coming from. It was coming from the snake, who coincidentally had its mouth wide open, and its eyes practically bulging out of its scaly head. Henrietta looked at the serpent for a moment, her mind trying to wrap its head around the scene playing out in front of her. "You… can speak?" she asked eventually, her face mirroring the snakes. " I thought speakers were legends… " the snake replied, awe resonating of each syllable. "I…I…What?" the raven-haired girl, though still a child, had a very mature outlook on life. An unnaturally mature outlook. This often created a wider divide between the Dursley's and herself, so she often hid it along with a majority of her life. With this mature outlook came a strong belief in reality. She knew the difference between reality and fiction; speaking to snakes was most definitely a fictional ability that did not occur in real life. " You are a speaker of the tongue of serpents... " the snake seemed to be handling the knowledge that she could talk to snakes as well as she was. Eventually, her mind couldn't take it anymore and decided to shut down, leaving only the basic functions running. "Hello, my name is Henrietta Potter…" she said. Obviously confused, the snake decided to play along, " I… was not born with, as the humans call it, a 'name.' " Henrietta looked at the snake for a while before saying "Mara".