man. He stood stall and took the knife as he cut his finger as well and just like that his information appeared. Inheritance Results Name: Ryuga Salazar Riddle Adopted Name: James Charles Potter Jr. Status: Halfblood Birthday: July 31, 1980 Father: Tom Marvolo Riddle Jr. (Halfblood-Alive as a spirit) Mother: Annabelle Riddle nee Daniels (Muggleborn-Alive) Adopted Father: James William Potter (Pureblood-Alive) Adopted Mother: Lily Marie Potter nee Evans (Muggleborn-Alive) Grandparents: Grandfather: Tom Riddle Sr. (Muggle-Deceased) Grandmother: Merope Riddle nee Gaunt (Pureblood-Squib-Deceased) Grandfather: Ryan Michael Daniels (Muggle-Deceased) Grandmother: Roseanne Lily Daniels nee Williams (Muggle-Deceased) Grandfather: Richard Thomas Evans (Muggle-Deceased) Grandmother: Rosemary Erin Evans (Muggle-Deceased) Grandfather: Lord Charles James Potter (Pureblood-Deceased) Grandmother: Lady Dorea Jane Potter nee Black (Pureblood-Deceased) Great Grandfather: Marvolo Maximilian Gaunt (Pureblood-Deceased) Great Grandmother: Isabelle Morgan Gaunt nee Crabbe (Pureblood-Deceased) Other Family Members: Older Brother: Orion Godric Gryffindor (Pureblood-Alive) Aunt: Petunia Potter-Rosier (Pureblood-Alive-Adopted by Evans Family-Half Sister of James Potter) Uncle: Vernon Longbottom-Black (Pureblood-Alive) (older brother of Frank Longbottom) Cousin: Dudley Vernon Longbottom-Potter (Pureblood-Alive) Aunt: Alice Longbottom nee Prewitt (Pureblood-Deceased) Uncle: Frank Longbottom (Pureblood-Deceased) (younger brother of Vernon Longbottom) Cousin: Neville Longbottom (Pureblood-Alive) Great Aunt: Augusta Longbottom (Pureblood-Alive) Godparents: Godfather: Rabastion Lestrange (Pureblood-Alive) Godfather: Severus Snape-Prince (Halfblood Veela-Alive) Godfather: Fenrir Grayback (Pureblood-Werewolf-Alive) Godfather: Ted Tonks (Muggleborn-Alive) Godfather: William Gryffindor-Ravenclaw (Pureblood-Alive) Godmother: Andromeda Tonks (Pureblood-Alive) Godmother: Katherine Snape nee Evans (Muggle-Alive) Godmother: Cassandra Zabini nee Rosewood (Halfblood-Alive) Godmother: Lara Gryffindor nee Croft (Halfblood-Alive) Godmother: Eileen Snape-Prince (Pureblood-Veela-Alive) Direct descendant from: Salazar Slytherin Myddrin Emrys Cadmus Peverell Heir by blood: The House of Riddle (Paternal Side) Second heir to The Most Ancient and Royal House of Slytherin (Paternal Side) The Ancient and Noble House of Gaunt (Maternal Side) Second heir to The Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Peverell (Paternal Side) The Most Ancient and Royal House of Emrys (Magic's Chosen One) Vaults: Vault 0: Emrys Family Vault: 300,000,000,000 Galleons (Acessable at age 11) Vault 18: Emrys Heirloom Vault: Vault 19: Merlin's Personal Vault: Books and magical artifacts, Merlin's Staff Vault 20: Merlin's Private Vault: 400,000,000 Galleons Vault 147: Riddle Family Vault: 248,000,000 Galleons (Acessable at age 17) Vault 148: Ryuga's Trust Vault: 500,000 Galleons Vault 149: Ryuga's Private Vault: 2,000,000 Galleons Vault 200: Annabelle Riddle-Daniels Personal Vault: 10,000,000 Galleons Vault 201: Tom Riddle Jr's Personal Vault: 10,000,000 Galleons Vault 107: Gaunt Family Vault: 748,000 Galleons (Acessable at age 17) Vault 108: Gaunt Heirloom Vault Vault 109: Merope Gaunt's Personal Vault: 325,000 Galleons Vault 4: Slytherin Family Vault: 850,000,000 Galleons (Acessable at age 17) Vault 463: Slytherin Family Heirloom Vault Vault 464: Salazar's Personal Vault: 400,000 Galleons, Potion Collection Vault 5: Peverell Family Vault: 900,000,000 Galleons (Acessable at age 17) Vault 526: Peverell Family Heirloom Vault Vault 527: Antioch's Vault: 36,698,357 Galleons Vault 528: Cadmus' Vault: 78,496,632 Galleons Vault 529: Ignotus' Vault: 69,450,786 Galleons Lordships: Lord Riddle (at age 17) Lord Gaunt (at age 17) Lord Emrys (at age 11) Properties: Riddle Manor Slytherin Castle Gaunt Shack Peverell Castle Camelot Emrys Castle Emrys Manor Avalon Hogwarts (25%) Magic: Magical Core (Grand Sorcerer 80% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Wandless Magic (100% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Natural Legilimency (100% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Natural Occlumency (90% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Photographic Memory (100% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Healing Magic (100% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Dark Magic (100% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Parsceltongue (90% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Beast Speaker (100% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Animagus: Basilisk and Shadow Phoenix (100% blocked by Albus Dumbledore) Marriage Contracts: Marriage between Eileen Malfoy and Ryuga Riddle Marriage between Astoria Greengrass and Ryuga Riddle Marriage between Blaise Zabini and Ryuga Riddle Marriage between Karen Snape and Ryuga Riddle Now it was James Jr's time to freak out in shock as he discovered as well that not only was he not really James and Lily's son but he was actually the son of the Dark Lord himself. From what he was told about him by his adopted parents was that the dark lord wanted to kill all muggles and muggleborns, yet according to his parentage his real mother was actually a muggleborn herself. Perhaps there was more to his real parents than meets the eye and he like Harry was determined to find out. He then looked towards Griphook. "thank you Griphook now that my brother and I know who we really are we would like to know if we could stay at one of the properties that we both own." he said softly. "Hmmmm well lets see" thought Griphook. "if you want to remain unnoticed by your adopted parents then my guess would be Gryffindor Castle as it has the greatest wards in the world so that would be your best bet" The two boys thought about it for a while as James now called Ryuga asked his brother what he thought. "well Harry what do you think we should do?" he asked. "I think its our best chance bro" Harry said with a smile. "well if your okay with it then so am I" James Jr said with a trimuphant smile. They soon started to fill out paper work that Griphook gave them. It was papers that would legalize their new identies as Orion Godric Gryffindor and Ryuga Salazar Riddle. "alright there you are" said Griphook. "now thats that all sorted out it will be a pleasure to work with you Lord Gryffindor and Lord Riddle." he said with a small bow. "May your gold always flow and enemies bleed by your feet" Orion and Ryuga said in unision. "and may your enemies quiver and die at your mercy" Griphook responded as he gave them the portkey that will take them to Gryffindor Castle. They thanked the goblin as they and their house elf Sparkle vanished, not to be seen for a few years until they begin their schooling at Hogwarts. Hope you enjoyed the first chapter let me know what you think I would love to hear some ideas that you would like to be in the next and future chapters of this story.