end and can't wait to see you, your mother and Ginny especially. Our port should drop us in an alley just off the market near the South entrance— Bill scanned the rest of the letter quickly and then shook his head in puzzlement before picking up a still-untouched copy of the Daily prophet. After reading the news along with the other letters sent by his family everything started falling in place. His father had won a fortune in Galleon's from the Prophet, and they were coming to visit him in Egypt, but rather than owl him to request the time off, Fred and George had forged the letter themselves. They were lucky they hadn't gotten caught or worse. He was lucky they hadn't gotten caught. But if he was granted leave, who was going to unlock the tomb…? He had been under the impression that his employers, greedy for treasure had been losing their tempers with waiting as it was. Bill rubbed his eyes and shook his head, setting the lot of it aside. It had been a long day and he was tired, this could wait until morning. Perhaps, if he were lucky it would all make sense then. Exhausted and confused, Bill Weasley fell into bed, wand in hand, his blankets cast haphazardly over one leg. 15 June 1993 2:45 AM Moscow, Russia Sleep was nowhere in sight for Katyanna. She was drenched in sweat despite the icy cold wind that was coming at her from the entrance. Kat had two stones in her hands, both garnets, each slightly different. She looked at the two remaining empty slots before her in the door. This was the last move, if she placed them right, the door would open. If she placed them wrong, she'd be dead. She closed her eyes and rolled the gems around in her hands for a moment before reaching out and placing them in the slots. The reaction was instantaneous, a resonating click followed by at least half a dozen more similar sounds and the door slid open from its nook with a creak. Kat blinked at the now open door and paused to memorize the pattern of the gems before reaching out and pushing the door the rest of the way open. Before her lay a dark, cavern like room. The seal had been strong, and the dusty smell escaped quickly now that it was broken. Testing the entrance for a last line of curses or spells, Kat wedged a large, heavy rock between the door and the frame as a precaution. Too many excited witches and wizards had been trapped in tombs or towers from not following the same, simple precaution. "Lumos." Once she was sure the door wouldn't close on her, she walked into the room and looked around. The room was large, supported by columns in a circle around the room. It looked as though the room had been hollowed out from the ground itself. The walls were lined with hundreds of books, more books stood in stacks around the columns along with jars filled with scrolls. Between two columns stood a tall, heavy desk, laden down with papers, bottles of ink and other such items. There was a heavy, fur lined cloak thrown over the arm of the chair and judging by the thick dust laying over everything in the room, Kat suspected it must have belonged to Rasputin himself. Kat spent her remaining time exploring the room and discovered that there was a door on the opposite side of the room, hidden behind a curtain that revealed a long tunnel. If her suspicions were correct, it would lead to the palace. She paused from her exploration long enough to leave the room and fill out a formal report. She ate breakfast and sent the report off, feeling better than she had in days. Once the discovery was made it was assigned and any other curse breaker could be assigned to take her place, but now that the discovery was unlocked, it was hers forever. Or at least, the claim was hers. She was the witch who unlocked Rasputin's library. The response to her discovery came later in the afternoon, while she was exploring the vast library. As was traditional, she was to be allowed a cut of the treasure from the site. She had already started setting aside her choices from the room. There were several thick books along with scrolls, a small case of potions and a chest. The chest was full of the only real treasure she had chosen, and all of what she chose was based on the research she had done. She chose items such as the amulet given to the youngest Romanov child Alexi to protect him both from falls and from the disease that would later kill him. Books that held Rasputin's potions and incantations, and scrolls that held more. She carefully calculated the percentage of what she had chosen in regard to what she had to leave. But even though she was taken less than was her due, she was more than content. The treasures she had chosen may not all glimmer and shine, but they were more valuable she suspected than her goblin employers would realize. It was nearly time for her port-key to depart, Kat wrapped each of her treasures carefully and placed them in the trunk she had sent for. Once it was all inside, she sealed it both by natural means and with magic and sent it off to be delivered at her home in England. The sky outside was steadily turning from darkness to the pale peach of morning. She checked her pack; her things were all inside, over her shoulder was a long cylindrical parcel that held her tent. After checking the letter once more she put it away keeping her wand in one hand and the port-key in the other. As the dawn's light crept over the horizon she vanished with a resounding pop .