into the bathroom to change and remove her makeup as he changed in the bedroom. When Hermione emerged from the bathroom in the jersey she froze, gaze locked on Draco's bare chest. Her eyes traveled down the hard planes of muscle to the edges of the v-cut, which pointed down to a destination that his pajama pants covered. With a start, her eyes guiltily flicked up to his only to meet a gaze of pure lust. Hermione felt that maybe she should take a step back, but instead she felt herself step forward and so did he. In a moment her arms wound around his neck, her hands burying themselves in his silky blonde hair. Draco's arms scooped her up pulling her tight against him. Hermione wrapped her legs around his waist tightly, as he backed up toward the bed. When the back of his calves hit the end the bed he let himself fall back onto it, with Hermione on top of him. She straddled him breaking their kiss long enough so that he could pull the jersey over her head tossing it somewhere on the floor. Draco lifted his hips so Hermione could pull down his pants. Once they were both free of their clothes they lips returned to devouring each other hungrily. Draco gripped her hips firmly as she settled onto him. They both moaned as her filled her. His grip tightened on her even more as her nails lightly raked down his chest eliciting a hiss of pain and pleasure. He bucked his hips up even more enthusiastically to meet hers as she their pace, which was quickly becoming more erratic. As they reamed their peak Hermione cried out, a sound of pure release too animalistic to be a word, as Draco pulled her down for another kiss riding out his own orgasm. Hermione stirred, in the morning stretching and feeling more relaxed than she had in months. She snuggled sleepily against the heat source next to her. The feel of skin sliding over skin had her sitting bolt upright, in bed staring in shock at Draco. As she stared down at him flashes from last night came rushing back to her; she flushes in a combination of embarrassment and arousal. She clutched the blanket to her chest shaking Draco's shoulder to wake him. He stirred sleepily and threw an arm around her trying to pull her close. "Draco," Hermione hissed at him, not wanting to wake anyone in the adjacent rooms. 'Sweet Merlin,' she thought desperately, 'where is Scorpius's room in relation to us. He and Rose cannot see us like this.' "Mhmm," he responded sleepily. "Draco wake up we have to figure out what we are going to do about this," she whispered urgently. He opened one eye to look at her blearily, "I was planning to sleep for a few more hours and then see if you were up for round two or round four depending on how you are counting." "You cannot be serious," she said flatly glaring at him. He sat up smirking at her, "Of course not I'm Draco don't you remember? Sirius was my cousin and your best friends god father surely you remember." Hermione's glare only intensified, "Draco our children are dating, we cannot be involved?" "Why?" he challenged her. "Why? Why! Because is would be weird, they might get married. They might have children. There grandparents can't be involved." "I don't be why Scorpius and Rose's grandparents are very much still involved with one another." "Yes but not with each other, us together makes them kind of siblings." "They are both of age, and not at all related. So, no it really does not. Any other objections?" "What will our children and families think? What will everyone say? What will the papers do when they get a hold of this? What would Ron think?" she babbled. Draco waited patiently for her to stop, "First of all you have enough on just about all of the columnists that they will not dare report anything but the truth. Second we are both consenting adults and currently unmarried, so once they get over the shock and potential weirdness I don't believe there will be a problem. If there is we will deal with it when we come to it. Third you're Hermione Granger you've never cared about what anyone else says about you, not after the war at least. Fourth Ron loved you, and I know he would want you to be happy. If I make you happy I think he'd be okay with it. He was starting to like me there at the end." Draco paused giving that last time to sink in, "Fourth I love you." Hermione blinked at him shocked for a moment before responding, "I love you too," she whispered. "Lastly," he concluded, " you are really sexy when you babble and when you tell me you love me. So come here so I can make you forget about everything else." And Hermione did just that. A/N: Hey lovelies hope you like this. I just had this story kicking around my head and I had to do this before anything else. I am stilling working on World on Fire and a new chapter for that will come next eventually, probably in about a month I will come back to my other stories. Also let me know if you'd like to see a full length Rose/Scorpius fanfic. I read KittenShift17's story about them and fell in love with the pairing. I'd be lying if I said a little bit of the flavor of her story didn't bleed into mine. It did as an influence but just a bit. If you'd like to read her fic that inspired me, it's Take the Tumble. There are a lot of fics with similar names so I suggest going to her page. She is one of my favorite fanfic author's. Thank you for reading and have a wonderful night. 3 Scarlett