"Well, wus wrong with that?" "It's not exactly happy." "Well, I'm not a very happy bloke." Ollie said. "Tch. Yeah, that's one way to put you." Shane said. Harry didn't talk much during the walk, listening to the others' conversations and the music. He wasn't having that bad of a time, to be honest. As Harry spent more time with his new friends, it seemed the further on they walked, the less he thought of Sirius. As the group made their way into the liquor store, Harry and Caitlin waited outside. Caitlin wasn't allowed in the store, because she got caught stealing from there, as she explained to Harry. "Yeah, I've almost been caught stealing something too." Harry said. "Really? Let's hear it." Caitlin said. "Well, in my second year at Hog-" Harry cleared his throat loudly and went on, "my school, sorry, I broke into the library and stole a book." Caitlin laughed out loud. "Could you be any more of a goody-two-shoes?" she asked. "Well, I'm not exactly that great." "Oh, come on Harry! You don't drink, you've never smoked, and now you're telling me you stole a book from a library?" she laughed. "Well, another time I got in a fight with someone at school." "Eh, I guess that's a little better. Is that the worse thing you've ever done though?" "No, I also snuck out of my house a load of times." "Oh, well that definitely gives me a different perspective of you."' "Oh yeah, what's that?" "Well, I wouldn't call you a good-two-shoes, but I wouldn't call you a rebel either. You're sort of in between." Caitlin said. The door of the store opened and Harry heard the music as Shane, Oliver, Ruddy, and Sarah walked out all carrying cags of gin, whiskey, beer, wine, and more. "Ey 'Arry, be a pal 'n hold this for me." Oliver said, handing Harry two bags. Oliver was carrying the boombox on his shoulder. "Uh, alright," Harry said, "so where do we go to now?" "My house. My mum and Dad left me a few years ago, and they left the house to my Uncle, but he doesn't live with me. He pays the rent and bills and all that and in exchange I do yard work for him. It's actually not that bad." Caitlin said. "Oh, wow. Sorry to hear about my parents." Harry said, following Sarah who was in the front and turned right onto a street. "I'm not. I hated my parents! They were both assholes to me." Caitlin said. "Oh. Sorry." Harry replied, feeling awkward. "Don't worry about it, I'll probably forget about all of it tomorrow." "ALRIGHT! LET'S GET SHIT FACED!" Ruddy shouted, running to a yellow house and opening the door. "Well, let's get started before he goes and smokes all the weed." Shane said. "Harry, you coming?" Sarah asked. "What? Yeah. Sorry, I was just thinking for a bit." Harry said, walking onto the lawn and going into the house. Sarah closed the door behind him and sat down on a couch. Shane was smoking again, and Ruddy and Caitlin were in the kitchen getting cups. "Oi Harry, wanna cup mate?" Ruddy called. "Ah, sure." Harry responded. "I thought you don't drink?" Sarah said. "Well, first time for everything." Harry said, remembering how Sirius had smelled of alcohol last year when he was alone in the house. Maybe drinking wasn't so bad. If Sirius could do it, then Harry could to. "Alright, we turned a good boy over ta the dark side, yeah!" Ollie said, pumping his fist into the air. "Here you go, Harry. If you want to be one of us, you have smoke at least one." Shane said, handing Harry a cigarette. Harry took it, and lit the end of the cigarette. "How do you smoke this?" he asked. "You just take a drag from it. Inhale and then exhale." Sarah said, showing him. Harry did just that, and then coughed a couple of times. "Not too bad for your first time smoking." Shane said. "Here, have a drink Harry," Caitlin said. "Wow, smoking already too?" "Yeah, well pass me some!" Ollie said, and soon everyone was passing drinks all around and laughing, having a good time. The more Harry drank, the less he felt insecure and free to be himself. True, he missed Hogwarts and Ron and Hermione, but he had new friends to hang out with for the first time in Little Whinging. People who didn't';t hate him or think he was a freak. He was glad the Drusley's asked him to leave and had no plans to return anytime soon. It was nine o' clock now, and Harry moved on from beer to vodka and gin. It burned down his throat when he drank, but it made him feel happy and the more he got drunk the less he thought of Sirius and he no longer felt depressed. "ALRIGHT! CHEERS TO HARRY, OUR NEW ALCOHOLIC FRIEND!" Ruddy said, finishing his cup in one drink. "Ruddy, he's not an alcoholic." Sarah said, rolling her blue eyes. "He will be at the rate he's drinking!" Caitlin laughed, watching as Harry and Ollie were dancing, drinks in both hands. Harry was loving the feeling he was getting from all the alcohol in his system. His face felt hot and a little dizzy, but didn't mind it one bit. "Here, see if Harry wants any." Caitlin said to Sarah, handing her a joint. "Oi, Harry! You want some weed?" she asked, smirking devilishly as he turned to her, curious. Uh, oh! What happens next? Will Harry start doing drugs now that he's smoking and drinking? Find out next time! Well, that's it for this chapter. What are your thoughts? This isn't my first fanfic, but it's my first HP fanfic. What did you guys think? I tried to keep all the character I don't own in character, what do you think? Please review and tell me your thoughts. ~Harleyquinn142257