sort of plant. It seemed almost like moss. It moved and breathed very subtly, barely noticeable unless you looked for it. I ran my hand across the top, feeling the soft, almost fleshy tendrils that tangled together to make this 'floor.' It looked and saw we'd landed on a large patch of it. There were bare spots, and areas of other vegetation, but this brown, tangly moss stuff was everywhere. "Interesting. Doesn't seem to be hurting any of the other plants around." "We wouldn't know what they look like sick Harry. These tree like constructs might normally be purple for all we know." She had me there. "Well, at least it doesn't have teeth, or belch huge walls of fire." A little tickle of unease went through me at the memory of that… what ever the hell it was. I stood and looked to Hermione. Her curiosity was in full bloom, and looked nearly ready to burst. She was looking everywhere at once, trying to see, hear, and smell everything at the same time. I walked over and placed and arm around her waist, resting my hand on her hip. "We've got the rest of our lives to explore every inch of it." She turned suddenly and kissed me full on the lips. I felt a grin forming and picked her up, spinning her around on the spot. She squealed and swatted me. After dropping her gently to her feet I headed back toward the ship. "Come on now, lets get camp set up, then we can do a bit of exploring." I didn't have to look to know she'd was following quick behind. A smile stretched my face, life was looking up. We had a set of tents that we'd brought with us, similar to wizarding tents in the old world, these were far more robust. Not far from where we'd set down the ship, Hermione and I found a patch of bare ground big enough to set up our tent. It didn't take long to get up, looking like a standard four person tent on the outside, on the inside it had a small kitchen, bathroom and bedroom, with a little hub room that doubled as a living room. We probably wouldn't be spending much time in the tent anyway. The two of us worked in quiet companionship, and soon had a small base of operations of sorts. I sighed and plopped down into a fold out chair I had stuck at the mouth of the tent. A strange orange and green bug buzzed passed my head. It looked something like a large mosquito with an extra set of wings. It landed on my metal hand and began crawling around, much quicker than I thought it would. I held my hand up, looking at the little beast. It had what looked like a duel proboscis, and was tapping at the metal, attempting to bite me. "Fascinating." I jumped, I'd been paying too much attention to the bug, and not enough to Hermione. She had snuck up next to me and was peering over at the insect, staring intently. "Capture it Harry, I want to study it. Besides, we should check and see what kind of diseases it might carry. Our biology might be different enough from the natural evolutionary path this planet took that any viruses simply wouldn't know what to do with us." I nodded, following along with her logic well enough, while I conjured a glass jar and shook the offending insect into it. I snapped the lid into place and watched as it began tapping on the glass. Looking for a way out. I drilled a few micro holes into the jar for air and placed an unbreakable charm on it before handing it over to Hermione. She grinned at the little bug, something a tad unsettling in that smile. "Thank you Harry." I watched as she practically skipped back off into the tent. That woman scared me sometimes. It didn't take long for her to come back out, sans bug. "Come on then, you can be lazy later, We're in the middle of an alien forest, hundreds of light years away from Earth. Let's poke around and see what kind of trouble we can get in to." I've been a bad influence on her, I know I have. I stood and stretched, wiping away the sweat that had formed on my brow, and shouldered a small pack I'd kept at my side. The two of us set tracking charms to the tents and the drop ship, and tied them to my metal hand. Now I'd know exactly where they were, no matter how far we walked. I looked down at Hermione and smiled, stretching out my human hand. She took it and the two of us were off into the unknown. A/N: Well there's chapter one, out of the way. I'm going to try to get something out every few weeks for now, so keep your eyes peeled. For a few story relevant notes. Our wonder couple were pretty damn powerful near the end of the Future of Ruin, and they still are. I want everyone to keep in mind, channeling that kind of power 24/7 is simply impossible, even with what these two had done to each other. They'd burn out eventually and die. It also takes intense concentration to bring to the surface and then wield, they're a bit better off what with absorbing all the energy from the ward stone, but don't expect them to go dropping mountains on anything that tries to eat them. Also, keep in mind that magic is naturally stronger on Fae than it is on Earth, that means Every magical creature is naturally stronger than things you'd find on Earth. So crazy powerful monsters are way more common. Basically I gave Harry a power boost, in turn everything must get tougher to not make it too easy on him. You lot have a good day. -Harkon