Krum would have returned sooner, if not for his confusion upon reaching the bottom of the lake and not seeing Miss Granger. He spent two further minutes searching for her before freeing Mr. Weasley. Since this confusion was not due to his error, we award him first place, and a score of forty-eight points." The Durmstrang students let out a huge roar in support of Krum, who raised his fist in triumph. "Finally, we have Mr. Potter. He returned at the same moment as Mr. Krum, and he did not delay at the bottom of the lake, immediately freeing Miss Granger. Most of the judges-" Dumbledore glanced ever so quickly at Karkaroff. "- felt that this should not affect his score, as the tournament rules do not specify which hostage each champion must rescue, nor do they outline any penalty for a champion who makes an.. unexpected decision. However, Mr. Potter's score is forty-five points." Harry felt his heart lift as the spectators cheered, hope flowing back into his body. Forty-five.. that plus what he had in the first task, that would- "You're in second, Harry!" Hermione yelled over the noise of the crowd, having already done the math. Second… it was far, far better than Harry had dared to hope for, although he'd have to come from behind in the final task if he wanted to win. Thanks to Karkaroff, he was a full three points behind Krum. As the applause died away, Krum walked up to Harry, a towel still draped around his shoulders and his face bearing his trademark scowl. "I vould like a vord," he said. He sounded less friendly than usual, but Harry supposed that was to be expected. "About what?" Harry responded. "I vould prefer if ve could discuss this alone," he said, putting his hand on Harry's shoulder and steering him quickly away from the crowd, towards the forest. Harry looked back over his shoulder at Ron and Hermione; they were too far away to help already. "Ve are just going to have a conversation, you and I," Krum said, not relaxing his grip on Harry's shoulder. "Krum," Harry began, unnerved by the fact that they were now well out of sight of the dock, "if this is about the task-" "The judges vere fair. I do not care about the task." "Then why are you-" "I haff heard much about you. You are not a cheater. So I vill ask you why, if not to cheat, you took a hostage that vos not yours." Krum had released his grip on Harry, but he was standing no more than a foot away from him, and Harry was suddenly conscious of the fact that he was significantly shorter and lighter than the Bulgarian Seeker. "It wasn't deliberate," Harry said, honestly. "When I saw Hermione I just assumed she was mine. I didn't even think about anything else. I didn't even realize that Ron was there until…" Harry trailed off, seeing that Krum was no longer listening. He kicked the ground with his boot, once, twice, kicking up dirt against a nearby tree. " …didn't even think," he muttered. He shook his head like a dog, his wet, dark hair falling heavily across his forehead. He looked nothing like the Quidditch hero, the incredible, confident Seeker who had almost snatched victory from the Irish. Harry took a small step back, truly scared for the first time. "I am going to ask you this once," he said, finally looking up at Harry. "Vot is there between you and Herm-own-ninny?" "Nothing," Harry said quickly, meeting his gaze. "Nothing, Viktor, honestly. We're good friends. That's it. When I saw her in the lake I panicked, because I didn't want her to be in danger, but my reaction would have been the same for Ron." "If you had seen him," Krum said, his voice low. He sighed, pushing dirt around with his boot, filling in the hole he had made. For a while the only sound was the repetitive scrape of his boot against the ground. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, he spoke again. "I vill take your vord for this." "It's the truth." Krum extended a hand, which Harry took, the former's handshake less firm than Harry had expected. "Good luck with the tournament," he said. "May the best man vin." And with that Krum was gone, a dark figure moving quickly through the forest back towards the lake. Harry gave him a head start, still trying to process what had just happened. There was only one interpretation of that conversation. Krum viewed him as a rival. Not just in the tournament, but… for Hermione. It was ridiculous, of course. Every word that Harry had said to Krum had been true. There was nothing between them. Harry closed his eyes, letting the quietness of the forest wash over him, trying desperately to think. What he had said had been true. But if that was the case, then why, when he thought about Hermione, when he remembered that moment when he saw her bound to the lake's rocky bottom, did a spear of something - fear, maybe, he didn't know what - pierce his heart? Why had he been so easily blinded to the presence of his other best friend, who had been floating not ten feet away from him? Would he really have reacted that way to seeing Ron there? After all, he had left Ron, hadn't he. He had seen Ron, albeit later, and he had focussed on getting Hermione to safety first. He… he didn't know what to think, now. If he had reacted more strongly to the sight of Hermione in danger than that of Ron… he didn't know what that meant. Sighing, Harry started to walk back through the forest, up towards the castle. No doubt there was a celebratory party awaiting him in Gryffindor Tower, one which he was already late for. He would have to deal with these thoughts later.