Tom has never felt love. He's never felt this magical feeling that so many write stories about and sing songs of. There's never a warmth in his chest, and his heart never beats for anyone else. He makes acquaintances easily and dispassionately, and he never considers the feelings of others when he plans and dreams of the path the wizarding world will take. There's no regret, no pain, no sympathy for families he's torn apart, of widowers and orphans he's left behind, only a determination for his cause and a devotion to his ideals. When he's a spirit without a body, there's not even room for determination and devotion, only room for rage and hatred and cruel glee. Perhaps a more generous person would say that he loved his cause and vision, but even then, it's not so much love as a relentless drive and insanity. He's never felt love, and he never will, not even on the day he dies. XxX Luna knows that when she falls in love, she'll have met the perfect man who can accept her for who she is, who will smile at her dreams and the creatures only she can see and her intelligence. She doesn't worry, and she doesn't fret. She only keeps living her life, graduating from Hogwarts and then becoming a magizoologist and proving that those magical creatures that her peers always made fun of her for are real. When she sees red hair on a freckled face, equally as devoted to caring for magical creatures and never doubting, not even once, that what she believes is real, she knows that Rolf Scamander is the man whom she's been waiting for. XxX Narcissa was born a Black, always pure. She is grace while Bellatrix is passion and Andromeda is determination, the most dignified and elegant and poised of her siblings. She charms and flirts with other purebloods, and she is cunning and sly when called for. When she first meets Lucius, she's delighted that she's found someone willing to match her underhanded insults and verbally spar with her. The Malfoy is perhaps not the most magically powerful, but he has sway over the big players in the government. His words and actions are just as influential as his money is, and Narcissa is so very ecstatic to find someone just like her, who fights dirty, using a serpent's poison instead of its fangs. When she births a little boy, she wants to raise him to be like her and Lucius, but soon it occurs to her that, with the rise of the Dark Lord, the Malfoys are fighting a losing battle, no matter the power of money and influence. So she lies when she finds the Potter boy still alive, she lies through her teeth with a prayer in her throat, plays the most vital underhanded trick and fights dirty, to make sure that her family is still alive to see the dawn of day. XxX Molly has so much love, so much protectiveness, in her heart that it's a wonder that she can fit so much of it in her small body. She loves her husband, despite the fights they may get in, and she loves her children. She's protective and very territorial and will fight tooth and nail for her family against any potential threat. She loves their lopsided house, loves making food and doing chores. She loves the small, skinny, black haired and green eyed orphan that is friends with her youngest son, and she loves the brown haired, brave Gryffindor that Ron falls in love with. She learns how to love Fleur after Fleur proves that she is not with Bill just for his looks or his daring occupation. And when she loses one of her own, when she loses half of a set, she is lost as well, in a sea of guilt and disappointment, and she throws all her grief, her rage, and her love into defeating Bellatrix. But she still has family, and she has friends, and even with the scarring hole in her family now, she never loses even an ounce of her overwhelming love for everything in her life. XxX Lily has loved many in her lifetime. She's loved the little boy, so hurt and prickly like a hedgehog, who grew up into an intelligent man gifted in potions. She's loved her sister despite her jealousy and hatred of all things magical. She's loved magic, which has given her so many gifts of knowledge and power and a home. She's loved Hogwarts, full of books and friends and wondrous things. She's loved James, a bully and a flirt, brave and kind but also occasionally cruel and determined, who hasn't given up trying to woo her. And she's loved her child, little Harry with green eyes like hers and black hair like his father's, gurgling and curious. When she faces someone who's never loved before in her final moments, a green spell flying towards her to stop her heart, she pours everything she's ever loved into her child, that profound and powerful emotional called love, hoping and praying that he will learn how to love as well when his parents are gone from this world, and her life flies away like a blown-out candle. XxX A/N: I have so many of the feels. Does anyone else have the feels. Fred's death will never be okay, thEY DIDN'T DESERVE THIS NO I HAVE SO MANY FEELS FOR THEM. Shit man. Also, JKR does a really good job imo portraying love, the power Voldemort has never known, in the series. Three times a mother's love has defeated Voldemort/the dark side: Lily's, Molly's, and Narcissa's. Honestly I think it's those their love that played a more instrumental part in Voldy's downfall, not Harry's or anyone else's, which is why I wrote them last. As always, please review. I want to know what you think about my writing, whether it be good, bad, or neutral. Sincerely, haplessgrapefrut