late, and we had to be up early for classes tomorrow. — At breakfast the next day, we got our new schedules, as they had to be updated with the new defence class. I still felt rather uneasy at the Slytherin table, but as I was sitting with most of the girls from my dormitory, I was slightly more comfortable. I turn to Ginny. "What time is your defence class?" She waves one hand at her schedule, whilst the other grabs a piece of toast. "It's my last class of the day. How about you?" I look down. "It's my second class of the day, right after charms." She nods, and then focus all her attention on her food. It almost makes me laugh. Almost. I haven't legitimately laughed in months. Once breakfast ends, she heads to Care of Magical Creatures, and I head to Charms. When I get there, I see Harry sitting at a desk, with an empty seat beside him. I start to make my way towards him, until I'm almost knocked over by someone pushing past me. I see a flash of red hair, and realize it was Ron. He sits down in the spot I was planning to sit in, and I can't help the slight ache in my heart as he flashes me a smug smile, then starts chatting with Harry. Who of course didn't notice the whole thing. I stand there not knowing what to do, until I feel a hand on my elbow, and look over to see Pansy beside me. Without a word, she pulls me to the back, where Tracey and Daphne are sitting. We sit down at the empty desk beside them. I smile at her, and she flashes a genuine smile back. "Thanks." She waves me off. "I have no idea what your on about." I almost believe her, until I see her wink. I'm starting to take a liking to this girl. As I turn to look at the professor, I notice Malfoy staring at me. Instead of snapping at him, I just raise an eyebrow. He gives me a somewhat questioning look, then turns to the front. Okay, this is definitely not like the Draco Malfoy I know. I try to push the thought out of my mind, and watch as Professor Flitwick begins his lecture. I do my best to focus on the lesson, but it's become almost impossible. I begin to pinch my hand again. As soon as the pain registers, my mind clears and I'm able to focus again. I don't understand why it's been helping, but I'll take it. I hear a noise beside me, a quickly stop pinching. I turn to look at Pansy. When I meet her gaze, she's staring at me strangely, but doesn't say anything. I'm not sure why, but I hope she didn't see what I was doing. For some reason I feel like I should be hiding it. I hear Professor Flitwick dismiss the class, so I quickly make my way out of the classroom, and head outside to the defence class. I get there ahead of everyone else, which gives me a chance to meet the new Professor. "Oh hello there! I'm Professor Tanner. Where is the rest of the class?" I nod towards to castle, where a large group of students were making their way towards us. "They're on their way Professor. I'm Hermione Granger, by the way." He smiles. "I know dear, I've seen lots of photos of you in the paper. Though I daresay, I find the talk of how skilled you are in all magic a bit more fascinating." I don't say anything. Instead I observe his appearance. He looked to be in his fifties, with greying hair, and deep crows feet by his eyes. He seems nice enough, so I decide to give him something. "Thank you Professor. I'd rather be known for that." He chuckles, and moves away to organize a stand of… swords? Oh shit. So this is what McGonagall meant by "other weapons." I take another look around, and notice many different types of weapons. Swords, knives, bows, arrows, axes, and even spears. Oh and shields. Great, at least they gave us some type of protection. This is not going to end well. By now the rest of the class is here. I jump when I feel someone brush my shoulder, and I turn to see Harry. I smile at him, and pull him into a one armed hug. "This is crazy isn't it? I mean, I was sorted into Slytherin, and now we're learning to fight with these?" I ask him. "Yeah, it is rather crazy. But don't worry 'Mione, just because you're a big bad snake now, doesn't mean we aren't friends." He teases. I remove my arm from his shoulders, and then use it to hit him on the arm. He starts to laugh, and I almost join in. I can't bring myself to though, so I just smile and shake my head at him. Then Ron appears on his other side, and my smile is instantly gone. Ron opens his mouth to say something, but before he gets the chance, Professor Tanner begins talking. "So I've got all the eighth years here right? Good. Now I'm Professor Tanner, and I'll be your Weapons Defence teacher. In this class, I will teach you how to use the weapons in front of you. I'll also be teaching you how to defend yourself against them, just in case. Now some professors would sugarcoat this, but I won't. This class has been added to help defend you against the remaining Death Eaters that want you dead. Some of these Death Eaters will not have wands, which is part of the reason you'll be taught to defend yourselves from these weapons as well. In muggle London they might be uncommon, but not so much in our world. So if everybody would come pick a weapon, we will begin."