what they had to do. Her mother looks at her knowingly. They don't ask about her afternoon and she doesn't tell them. Instead she asks about their afternoon and the conversation feels tensed and forced. They ran into an old friend that questioned them about their year long disappearance. That's when Hermione truly understands what was the biggest flaw in her plan, one she couldn't circle around with magic no matter how much she'd wanted to. And now, when the moment comes to rekindle with old friends and relatives, how do you explain that you left for almost a year without a trace? When her parents, frustrated and agitated, complain about how to even begin to explain uprooting themselves to Australia for a year, she stays silent. Because it's all her fault. The thought leaves a bitter taste in her mouth. … As she arrives at the Burrow for dinner, Molly excitedly tells her Ron got a letter from Kingsley about joining the Aurors. She's excited for him, and so proud . He's dreamed about being an Auror for the better part of their years at Hogwarts. He doesn't seem too enthusiastic about it though, but she does her best to show her support. Their lives are slowly falling back into place. ... It's like they moved one step forward and three steps back. She's running out of apologies, they are tired of hearing them. What is done is done and mending broken trust is harder than she expected. One morning, she's reading an article about a new art exhibit and an idea emerges. "Let's go to the British museum," she's looks at her dad, remembering the day she got lost and ended up opening the doors of the library. Her father nods and it's all it takes. Soon they are standing outside the imposing building, she grabs her father's hand, squeezing it lightly. He squeezes back before engulfing her in a hug she didn't know she yearned for. They eat an ice cream on their favourite bench in Coven Garden afterwards, regaling her mother with tales from a more carefree past. … She begins to slowly slip out stories from her life on the run. It starts out of nothing. She's helping her mum cook a mushrooms omelet one morning and Hermione recalls weeks in a tent with nothing else much but mushrooms to eat. She tells her about living in a tent with Ron and Harry. Her father is sitting nearby, supposedly reading the paper but she can tell he turned his attention to her story. Hermione doesn't say much, just that they had to be creative with food. She had remembered how they used to go camping when she was younger and how dad had taught her how to find edible food. "One day we found this great stash of mushrooms. I cooked them directly over the coal to grill them and served them with a little bit of dill. You should have seen Ron and Harry," she chuckles, "I don't think they ate anything faster than those the first time I made them. Of course, eating mushrooms at almost every meal quickly became boring so I had to find other ways to cook it." She falls silent, the last time she made mushrooms was before Ron left... Her dad brings her out of her dark thoughts, "Maybe we should invite Ron for dinner one of these days?" She instantly lights up, rushing to write Ron a letter to invite him over. … The letter from Kingsley comes a little later than Ron's and Harry's but it carries the same message. He wants her to join the Aurors. She knows she'll refuse. She's too much needed here with her parents. She needs to be with her parents and mend their family as much as she can. Hermione doesn't know what her future holds anymore, but she knows it's not amongst the Auror forces. ... One evening, as they are recounting one of Hugo's adventures, she realises they've been mentioning Australia more and more lately. Letting her in on how their life really had been there for them. Curious, she asks more questions and they reply to all of them. It's the first time they have such an open talk about how they lived when they thought she didn't exist. As she listens, scrapping for more, it dawns her that they wouldn't have been happy if she had died. Her spell had been wearing off and they were remembering their lives in bits and pieces. They had been missing something and if she hadn't made it alive, they would have been looking for her until the day they died. Strangely, it feels good, cathartic even, to hear them acknowledging it, even though it breaks her heart. For a fleeting instant, she feels the Cruciatus under the skin and remembers she'd wished to die. She chases the memory away, focusing instead on her parents. It's easy . Their conversation is easy and it fills her with hope. She knows they are still all avoiding some topics, they still have a long way to go, but for now they are talking, rebuilding what has been lost for longer than a year in Australia. Their talk drifts to her cousin's antics, her mother jokes that she'd be a good fit for Hugo. The next day, they decide to go off on a vacation to visit their relatives. They'll struggle to explain, but she knows her parents will embrace reclaiming their lives. She tries not to think about sleeping arrangement while they'll be at her grandparents. She'll probably will have to share the room with a couple of her cousins. She still has night terrors and nightmares, and she still hides her scars as best as she can. She'll cross that bridge when she'll come to it. When she writes her letter to Ron that night, she makes sure to fully detail her talk with her parents and how normal everything felt.