as if to reprimand him. Then in a blast of flames they disappeared to reappear on a sunny muggle street. He has to find the Boy-Who-Lived, not just for his sake, but the sake of the boy, to make things right, or as right as he can. Albus had to take several calming breaths as his eyes locked with number four over his half moon spectacles. He can't afford to get angry and do something he may regret in the future; he has too many regrets as it is. Walking straight over, he knocked on the door, loudly, with absolute purpose. He didn't wait long as a huge, beefy man answered the door; the huge man looking tired and jumpy looked to him and immediately paled. "Where is Harry Potter?!" he demanded, holding in his anger, but still a projection of strength was easy; it is like the twinkle eye trick he's got. It really isn't a projection of power like everyone seems to think. If he were to project his power he would literally have sparks flying off him, as well as weird things happening around him. "I-I don't know who you're talking about!" the whale of a human retorted, nervous, sweat dripping from his brow. "Now, if you'll excuse me sir, I've been up all night and I'm tired!" he added, trying to hide his fear as he went to slam the door closed. However, old man or not; Albus seemed to leak strength and managed to push the door, knocking the fat man back with some bursts of real strength projection. Vernon Dursley staggered back as he felt weak in the knees, terrified. The old man entered the house without a care that he's breaking the law and forcing his way into someone else's home; magical and muggle. However, he didn't care and pushed his way in, glaring at the man, which caused him to stagger back into the wall by the door. Albus looked around in even more concern. Just from his first look around the hall it was like only one child had ever lived here, a fat one that reminded him of Vernon Dursley. There are photos all over showing how spoilt their own child is. However, he was about to go up the stairs to see the possible conditions Harry had been forced to live when he paused. Fawkes made a note, his beak pointing towards the closet under the stairs. He felt sick, and it pained him to walk over, but he did, pulling the door open and trying not to think about how he almost missed all of the bolts and locks on the door. He almost heaved up his breakfast and last night's tea at the smell of blood and decay and other nasty things he really doesn't want to think about. The smell was so bad he found it unnerving that the Dursley's neighbours haven't noticed and called someone to complain, but then with the amount of cleaning product in the air it's hard to smell it once he pulled back enough. Albus dared look inside the tiny confines to see blood soaked rags and folded up blankets in one corner, furthest from the door. There were no clothes, no toys, no, nothing but a bad taste in the air. The old headmaster turned abruptly as the fat brute, Dursley was trying to sneak away, out the front door. "Where is Harry Potter!" he demanded so venomously that he wouldn't have been surprised if he made that rumour about Voldemort fearing him true. The disgrace of humanity turned, shaking and it didn't take but a few moments for him to spill the location where he dumped him. He frowned at that, knowing the location enough to know some allies live in that area. He'll have to go over to their home to organise a search party, Merlin only knows what could happen to the boy all alone. He nodded to himself before stunning the fat... thing and then using the muggle telephone, contrary to popular belief; he thinks they're ingenious inventions that magical people should have and use. They do save a lot of time, and get messages across without having to stick your head in a fire. Therefore, he called the police posing as a concerned citizen about Harry 'disappearing'. He knows they'll realise he made the call from in the Dursley's house, but also that if he leaves the door open where Vernon had been, hurt, the police will then have just cause to enter the home, and presto, it won't take Sherlock Homes to work this one out. He mildly wondered where Petunia had gone, but it didn't really matter; the police should get her too. Then with a little evidence here and there, (he loath to cheat but without it they might weasel out of too much trouble). Half smiling at a job well done, he left the house and disappeared. He felt it would be a good idea to quickly grab his schools nurse, encase Harry needs immediate attention. He just hopes he doesn't need too much help on that front, and that anything he does need sorts him out and helps him. It already seems that if Harry is found and goddess, hope he is, that he probably won't be attending school this year. He could, he supposes, but it would probably be best if he isn't around that many people while he's been through too much. He'll need some time to heal, and he hopes Molly will take him in, though he's sure she will. Yes, he's certain that kind of family will be good for Harry, not perfect, but not full of hate or coldness like some families he feels sorry for. If only he could go back far enough to fix all of his mistakes. However, possible, probable he supposes, plausible, no. He'll just have to spend what remains of his life making up for his foolishness. To Be Continued...