the position. It's late, so we won't draw this out, but you seem to be in need of…." He stopped and looked to Ben. Harry tried to curl up, once again without putting his feet on the sofa –they were going to say something about his clothes. "We live within our means," Snape continued. "Unfortunately, I have a rather meager income and Ben doesn't make enough to compensate." He scowled and Ben again tightened his grip. "We do not buy new clothing. There's a thrift store not far from here that we like and can visit come tomorrow." A frown appeared on Harry's lips before he knew it. They were poor but still willing to buy him clothes? Maybe he should offer to take the money out of his account? "Thanks," Harry said quietly. "But I don't want to put you out. I have…I have some money in the bank." "Stop," Ben cut him off and smiled widely. "You're just a child. Children should never have to earn their keep and you don't owe us anything. On that note, why don't we call it a night?" he asked. Harry nodded briefly and slowly stood, partially stuck in the lumps of the sofa. "You need to get going to work?" Ben asked as he drew Snape closer to him. Harry hurried to his room and sat on the bed staring at the closed door. He could hardly believe it –a deranged mass murderer was after him; Snape was his uncle…his poor, gay uncle; he was finally free of the Dursleys; they were willing to buy him clothes. It was all too much for him to handle, much less understand. A knock came at his door and he paled. It creaked open and Ben popped his head in. "Am I in trouble?" Harry asked quietly. "Course not," Ben said with a smile. "I just wanted to check that you've eaten today." "A bit this morning," Harry said with a shrug. Ben allowed the door to open all the way and leaned against the frame. "This morning? Why, for a growing boy that's just not enough, is it?" Harry shook his head no and rested his chin on his knees. "C'mon." He smiled and waited for Harry to get up before leading him into the kitchen. "Albus didn't give us much notice, so we don't have any kid food, but do help yourself." Harry looked at the cluttered counters and cautiously pulled the fridge open. There were deli meats, sauces, jams, cheeses, some fresh fruits and vegetables, and a few eggs, but it looked mostly bare. He looked to Ben and gulped. "Can I have a sandwich, please?" "Certainly," Ben said. He handed Harry a plate and roll. "Have what you'd like." The phone rang and he quickly walked off to answer it. Harry watched after him and then took the corned beef, Russian dressing, and Swiss cheese out. He placed just a bit of each inside the roll and felt his stomach grumble. It was so tempting to take more and satisfy his hunger, but they clearly didn't have much. He heard Ben finish his conversation and quickly placed everything back in the fridge. "Did you get enough?" Ben asked. He looked around with a frown. "I'm sure I can find you some crisps." "No sir, I'm fine." Harry bit into his sandwich and felt relieved. He'd been so sure he wouldn't be eating that night, much less eating something that actually tasted good. It was gone far quicker than he would have liked and left him still hungry. "So…?" "So," Ben repeated. "I have work that needs doing before tomorrow. I would prefer not to send you to your room, but I do need quiet. If you'd like to do some reading on the sofa or shower…" "Right." Harry washed his plate and returned to his room so as not to bother. He curled up on the bed, facing the door, and drifted to sleep. -:-:-:- He woke hours later to the sound of something fighting to get the front door open and hid under his covers. The sound stopped, he heard the sound of the deadbolt, and then there were footsteps in the hallway. He checked his watch, saw that it was 4:30, and gulped. Whenever Vernon came home that late, he was drunk and looking for a fight. Just when he thought Snape had stopped moving, he heard a clamor on the fire escape outside his window and shot straight out of bed. Fear flooded over him as he drew the curtains, opened the window, and stuck his head outside. Snape was sat under the other window in tight jeans and a loose tank smoking. Harry slowly reentered his room hoping he hadn't been noticed and then heard Snape's voice. "Come here, Potter!" Harry sighed and crawled out the window in his shorts and t-shirt. He crossed his arms over his chest as the night wind hit him and plopped down next to Snape. "Yes?" "Yes sir," Snape corrected. "It's early. Why are you awake?" "You…you woke me," Harry muttered. Snape took a long drag off his cigarette and stretched out his legs before answering. "I tend bar at a club not far from here a few nights per week. In the future I will be quieter coming in." He took another long drag. "Albus asked that I not use any drugs in front of you, Potter." Harry considered the cigarette and pulled his knees into his chest. "I won't tell, sir." "Potter, when adults ask children to keep secrets, it opens the door to abuse. I was merely commenting that Albus will be disappointed when you tell him. I was not asking you to lie." He cleared his throat and put out his smoke. "Ben will leave for work around 7. I will be awake closer to 10." He stood and shook his head one last time as he stared at Harry. "Do not cause him any trouble."