Harry shook his head. 'No, nobody would come. They're all too scared of Dudley – and Aunt Petunia won't allow that I have one, anyway.' 'How about presents then?' asked Sirius. He was determined to find a positive talking point. 'I got Dudley's trainers,' replied Harry and pointed to his feet. He was wearing shoes that looked as though they might fall apart at the next step. 'And what else?' Sirius kept asking. This had to be one of those times when a child would distort the truth in some way. They did that, right? Tell fibs just for the fun of it or to get attention. 'Nothing. But these shoes are a lot better than my old ones.' He ate another spoonful of his sundae. Sirius noticed that he was staring at his godson with his mouth open. He could not decide which he disliked more – Harry outright lying to him or his godson being treated as badly as he made out. Neither were cause for celebration but he found himself hoping that Harry was just a little boy prone to fibbing. 'Harry, is that really true?' he asked, trying to keep his voice calm. 'Everything you have told me? I would get mad if it wasn't, I'd just like to know the truth.' 'I don't lie,' said Harry. 'Uncle Vernon says I do but I don't.' Sirius nodded, struggling to keep his face blank. He would be dangling Albus Dumbledore from the Astronomy Tower for this! How dare he put Harry in this family? Then again, maybe money was just tight for them. It made sense that Harry wore clothes that his cousin had grown out of if he was indeed that much bigger. Maybe they did everything to avoid having to admit that they were broke. Their house did not look it but appearances could deceive. Sirius did not know enough about the muggle world to judge whether the car in front of the house was expensive – it was clean, that was all he could say for sure. The same went for Vernon Dursley's clothes. He looked a lot better groomed than his nephew but he would not be growing out of the things he wore. Still, it was rather odd. 'Tell you what,' he said. 'When we're done here we're going to a toyshop and I'm gonna buy you a proper birthday present.' 'You are?' Harry looked up from his food. 'Yes.' So, when they had both finished their ice creams, Sirius paid and Harry led the way to his favourite toyshop. It was loud and colourful, filled with plastic dolls and screaming children. He looked around, at a complete loss as to what Harry would enjoy. 'What kind of thing would you like?' he asked therefore. 'A car maybe?' asked Harry tentatively and pointed to a shelf filled with little models. 'Sure. Shall we pick one?' They walked over and looked through the rows of different cars. Harry ended up picking a little black motorcycle. Sirius could not help but smile – his motor seemed to have made an impression. On their way back to Privet Drive they came across the little gang of boys Harry had been trying to avoid in the park. Sirius had been walking a few steps behind Harry who was leading the way and had to have made the impression of being out and about on his own. The boys had spotted him and started pulling faces. 'Oi, Potty!' one of them sneered loudly while they came closer. Harry took an involuntary step back, just into Sirius who laid a hand on his shoulder. So much for civil terms, he thought. Sirius' height alone was enough to have them stop in their tracks and his expression seemed to do the rest. Harry had flinched at his touch but Sirius did not draw back. 'Harry is under my personal protection,' he said to the boys now staring up at him with big eyes. Children – mean children but just children. 'If you hurt him, I will hurt you. Understood?' He resisted the urge to pick them up by the scruff of their necks and shake them. They already looked as though they were about to wet themselves. 'Now scarper.' They took off at a run and Sirius sank down on one knee to look at Harry. 'You alright?' he asked. Harry took a deep breath and nodded. 'I'm fine,' he said. Something other than fear or relief shone in his eyes. 'They're cowards,' said Sirius. 'Five against one, I ask you.' He successfully dismissed the twinge of guilt he felt at his own words, remembering his time at school. Snivellus had gotten what he deserved… 'They're still stronger than me,' muttered Harry. 'Not for long. Wait until you have gone to Hogwarts. You'll be able to turn them into toads in a few years.' The walked the rest of the way back to Privet Drive in near silence. Harry was deep in thought. He only snapped himself out of it when Sirius swung one leg over his motorcycle. The look of awe was back. 'Are you coming to visit me again?' asked Harry. 'If you want me to.' 'I do.' Sirius grinned broadly at those words. 'How about I come back next Saturday? Maybe if I get here early we can go for a daytrip? You choose wherever you want to go.' Harry nodded eagerly. 'Wherever I want to go?' he asked. 'Yeah.' Sirius hesitated. 'Well, maybe we should stay in England – but yes, wherever you want to go.' He kicked the starter and the bike began to roar. He winked at Harry one last time and drove off down the road. In the mirror, he could see Harry waving. -oOo- So, that's it for today. I hope you had as much fun reading as I had writing. If you've got anything to say, please do leave a review. I'd be very glad to get some feedback. DFTBA!