rugs provided an eclectic yet comfortable home. Most people seemed a little taken aback when they saw it all, expecting regimented order. And her work space was like that. But with the way it seemed work was taking over her life lately, it was nice to come home to a little bit of chaos and free spirit. "It's a good fit for me." "I'm sure it is," Fred agreed. "Now tell me, Granger," he said, fixing her with a serious look. "Are you keeping that bookshop downstairs in business all by yourself?" This set her off into a fit of giggles, soon setting Fred off with a bout of deep laughter, and soon the two of them were clutching each other laughing drunkenly. When her giggles had subsided, Hermione felt her eyes drifting slowly closed, made worse by the warmth of Fred's body on her own. She woke up the next morning with a crick in her neck and a heavy arm circling her waist. She was on her couch, thank Merlin, and not a stranger's apartment, and judging by the freckles on the arm wrapped around her it was definitely a Weasley she was cuddling with. Remembering the events of last night she groaned when she realised she had indeed invited Fred inside, flirted with him drunkenly, and then fallen asleep on him. Fantastic. "Mornin', Granger," he mumbled into her hair. "Good morning, Fred," she said, extracting herself from his arm and sitting up, cracking her neck and stretching. "Sorry about the sofa, it's a little uncomfortable, I know." Sitting up beside her Fred stretched out and winked at her. "I don't know, I was pretty comfortable, love." "Shut up," she rolled her eyes. He stood and offered her a hand, pulling Hermione to her feet. "I've got to head off to the shop, but I'll see you at mums for tea, yeah?" It was Saturday, which meant a family night at the Burrow for all that could make it. Hermione had make excuses for the last few, exhaustion hitting her hard, but found herself looking forward to a Molly Weasley roast dinner. "I'll be there," she assured him, feeling slightly awkward. Fred did not appear to feel the same way as he left with a jaunty wave and a grin. Somewhat mortified, Hermione covered her mouth with her hands and sank back down to the couch. She needed to talk to Ginny. An hour later and said red-head was sitting on Hermione's lumpy couch scoffing ginger newts and looking at Hermione contemplatively. "I don't know why you're so worried," she said, waving her biscuit in the air. "Fred's mad for you, has been for years." "Years," Hermione squeaked. Sure, she had thought they had gotten flirty in recent months, but years? "Mhmm hmmm," Ginny nodded, mouth full. "Course, he wouldn't do anything about it because we all thought you and Ron would be married with a kid by now." "Married?!" Just the thought gave her heart palpitations. "Oh come off it, you thought it too." "Well, for a time, maybe," Hermione stuttered, "but Ronald and I, we never quite got the traction we needed." "Exactly," Ginny said sagely. "So when Fred realised that Romione wasn't ever going to happen he figured he might actually have a chance but he's also dead shy so it's been moving at a glacial pace." "Fred Weasley is anything but shy," Hermione protested. "I think you've got the wrong end of the stick here." "He's shy with you," Ginny affirmed. "I'm his only sister, I know these things." "Well, what do I do?" Hermione asked, panicking. "Do you like him?" Ginny asked simply. "I don't – I mean, it's not – it's not exactly," Hermione wasn't sure what to say. She hadn't really thought about it before. It was Fred. Fred who smiled at her with mischievous and playful eyes, dimpled cheeks, who made her laugh and comforted her when she was upset. Fred who walked her home and made sure she had a drink, who kept her sane when she was close to boiling point. The same Fred who drove her crazy and made everything a joke, who needled her and poked her until she was close to blowing up before calming her right back down again. Ginny was right. For years she thought she would be married to Ron by now, maybe a kid on the way, maybe not, and everyone else thought it too. But every time she had tried to picture that maybe future it was a different red-head. Stockier, more muscle, freckled and usually wearing some ridiculous and outlandish dragonskin jacket. "Oh Merlin," she whispered. Ginny looked triumphant. "When did this happen?" Hermione cried. "How did this happen?" "Don't ask me," Ginny said, rolling her eyes and standing up, "you're the one in love with Fred, not me." "Ginny, you can't leave," Hermione begged. "He's going to be at dinner tonight. What on earth do I do?" "Acting like a normal person would be a start," Ginny said as she collected her coat. "I can't stay, I'm meeting Harry." Giving Hermione a quick hug she waved goodbye and swanned out the door. Unsure of what to do with this new information Hermione groaned and fell back into the cushions, putting one over her mouth as she screamed. She couldn't do this. She could not go to dinner with all of the Weasley's knowing she liked – loved? – Fred and he maybe liked – loved? – her back. If there was one thing that Hermione had never excelled in it was dealing with her emotions. And really, she didn't have a great track record with Weasley men. If you liked it, let me know. If you didn't, don't let me know. Hopefully the next part will be up soon, I'm still on holiday from work so I have a bit of free time, but I also have to get myself prepared so we'll see how we go. Hannah