on your personal belief, and when material is vanished it returns to the void. There is a theoretical limit to this, but the void is in fact an infinity, though a small one." "I'm sorry sir, a small infinity?" Dumbledore brightened immediately, "Oh yes Harry, infinites can be larger or smaller than other infinites. It is something that the Magical community has not invested a great deal of time studying. Wizards are more likely to simply accept something as working with out understanding how, unlike Muggles who seek to understand everything! It is in Muggle mathematics that I draw this knowledge. In any case," said Dumbledore getting back on track, "balance is what's important. All magic balances, and the Veela are something of an imbalance. To counteract this, Veela are blesses or cursed, again depending on your point of view, to be susceptible to a bond. When bonded the Veela becomes thralled to another instead of the usual circumstance. Furthermore, the French clan of Veela, the second largest in the world, liaises closely with the French Ministry and has laws governing these bonds and what is legal to do to obtain them. As I'm sure you can imagine, before this was regulated there were many battles fought over Veela and caused much public and private unrest and conflict." "What can cause this bond?" asked Harry. "The bond is formed when a Veela has had its life saved in a particularly altruistic manner." Dumbledore continued when Harry looked confused. "It is not enough to say, put the life of a Veela in danger and then rescue them. There can be no trickery either, for example hiring someone else to put the Veela in danger allowing you to save her." "You keep saying 'her', are there no male Veela?" "If there are, no one but a Veela female has ever seen one." "How do they, you know, make more Veela then?" "No one is sure. Now, getting back to task, as their magic is emotional their own emotions are effected when the bond is first formed. They are drawn to their intended bond-mate and can do nothing else but pursue them." "That sounds horrible." Replied Harry softly. "Yes, but it is balance for the great power they wield." "Do these bonds happen often? Are Bill and Fleur bonded?" "Bill and Fleur intend to bond after their wedding." "So, you can choose to bond then, voluntarily?" "Yes, a Veela may. It is in fact quite an honor to be the recipient of a bond by choice. Bill should be very proud of himself." Harry snorted, "I'm sure he is," then caught himself realizing the father of the future bride was sitting next to him. "Sorry sir, I didn't mean to be crass." "No 'arm done. I was similarly a recipient of this honor. I know what it entails," he finished with a slightly secret smile. Harry still slightly uncomfortable turns back to Dumbledore urging him to continue, "Sir, what has all this got to do with me, not that it's not interesting?" Dumbledore sighed, and seemed to take a moment to gather his thoughts. Harry rather thought that Dumbledore was deciding whether or not to continue more with his historical explanation before getting to the point. "Harry," started dramatically, then with a change of expression Harry couldn't quite get a read on finished, "you are an unintentional recipient of a Veela bond." "What!" exclaimed Harry standing suddenly. "When could I have…oh, the third task. When I saved Fleur from an imperioused Krum," Harry realized sadly. He did not want to get between Bill and Fleur. "No." said Dumbledore simply. "No? Then who? I mean saving someone's life is sort of memorable. Especially a Veela." "Fleur's life was never in danger, Mr. Krum's instructions were to incapacitate not kill." "Then…who, and when?" "Fleur's sister Gabrielle during the second task." "What!" Harry exclaimed again paling, though not standing this time. "But she was never in any real danger." "True, however neither you nor Ms. Delacour knew this, and as I'm sure your aware, with magic intent is everything. Emotionally you believed you were saving her life as did she." "There, there must be a way to cancel the bond, I mean I haven't even seen her in nearly two years, why now?" Mr. Delacour finally spoke again, and to Harry's surprise he looked quite angry, apparently not having responded well to Harry's reluctance. "Zere is no way to cancel ze bond. And we 'av waited because when ze bond was first formed she was too young. She 'as matured, and her bond now calls to her to complete it." "What will happen to her if we don't bond?" asked Harry quietly. "She will die!" exploded Mr. Delacour. "Monsieur!" yelled Dumbledore loudly getting both Harry and Monsieur Delacour's attention back at him. "Harry she will not die, she will loose her magic. In many magical communities this is often considered the same thing. French has no word to differentiate between the two 'deaths'." "But, but that's still…horrible! I'm sorry for my reaction Mr. Delacour, I had not realized that Gabrielle could suffer for this. Of, of course I'll do the bond if it's the only way to help her." Dumbledore spoke before Mr. Delacour could respond. "Harry, wait. Noble though your intentions are you must understand the nature of the bond in…detail before deciding. This will mean a great change in your life, one you may or may not be comfortable yet. Also, though there is by no means a known way to cancel a bond before it is consummated, there is some time before Ms. Delacour's magic comes to risk, and Harry will not harm her in taking a few days to decide after hearing all the details." "Oui. Fine Dumbledore. Get on wiz it." Harry spoke, "So, what are the details, and how is the bond, what's the word you used? Consummated?" "That, Harry, I believe is a conversation for you and Ms. Delacour.