companions. "Do we disabuse her of all the wrong notions? Poor thing, Morgan did a number on her. With the number of books sold, it isn't as if we can actually memory charm the world." "That's true," agreed Dame Hermione. "For the record, Madam, Severus Snape-Evans, who my mother-in-law's family adopted through the child protection services, is very much alive, and so is the Headmaster. Uncle Sev certainly did not kill Dumbledore." "Uncle Sev? I thought he loved..." she trailed off again. It was extremely awkward to speak about people right in front of those in the know or those affected. "Of course he did love mum, but he loved mum as a sister , which was essentially true, considering that she was his adoptive sister. He even took the Evans name out of respect for his new family," Sir Harry reminded. "The man cared for his family so much that he became a spy for our side, and then a DE, solely to protect them." "And no, Ron Wesley - not Weasley - and his family aren't Death Eaters. They are very good people, and they helped a lot of people during the war. He is, in fact, one of my best Hit Wizards. In fact, they are among those who are going to file a defamation suit, though their claims, except for Mary – Mary, not Molly – Wesley, the Lady of the House, are a bit dodgy with the way everything is worded in the books. Even her claim is difficult to process, considering that the name has been changed, even though the description is the same. Also, the books seem to have painted her as a kindly mothering lady, which she is. It is actually the perception of the readers where the defamation stems from. It was a big scandal when some newbloods reported that she had Arthur under love potions. We have lots of proof that proves her innocence. She did mention love potions, but that was only to remind us that we should learn how to detect them. I was one of the people she reminded. She is a very gentle soul and remains to this day a very good friend of ours. You see..." "We can explain that later, Hermione," Sir Harry cut in. "Right now, we need information enough to put Morgan into Azkaban. We can salvage the reputations later. Perhaps a Mary Wesley howler for Morgan from close range will work better than any of the techniques your department can use. That was one thing that she told you truthfully. Even Uncle Vernon was turned into an abusive caricature. It is obvious after all; Morgan was always the unmarked media handler on their side. Any chance to denigrate people on our side or nomags and she would have jumped at it." It was necessary to pacify Hermione before she got into her stride. She was very passionate about her work and protecting people whom she was close to. "Right," Dame Hermione conceded sheepishly. "Wait, you said her department. You don't work in the DMLE? And Uncle Vernon was an abusive caricature?" Harry gave her a very bemused look. "I did just after the war ended. So many did. The DMLE was understaffed and needed help with the arrests. Not anymore though. Sirius, his wife Juliet, and I run a warding and curse-breaking company. His daughter, Io will be joining us soon. His son Polaris is excellent at Quidditch. And yes, before you ask, Sirius is very much alive. The stupid git even dated Morgan for a bit when I was in my fourth year." Joanne nodded. "As for Uncle Vernon, that is Vernon Driscoll, he still is a very strict disciplinarian. I will go so far as to say that his drills - the physical drills that he forced David Driscoll and me to participate in were major contributors to my capability of outlasting my opponents. He was a soldier first. It was only after his father passed away that he took over Grunnings. That's another defamation charge that Morgan will escape, probably, due to the name change." Joanne couldn't believe it. That much discrepancy was beyond the pale. "Next you'll tell me that Cedric Diggory is alive," she scoffed. The temperature of the room fell by ten degrees. "Please don't make flippant remarks about people, now that we have established that the truth, and what you were told was the truth, are two very different things. Cedric Diggory was a war hero. He didn't die the wimpy death as you have been told, just as the war wasn't the wimpy one year incident that you have been told. Cedric died two years later, really, while he attempted to smuggle a group of newbloods across the Channel. He was murdered, but the man fought and took down four of the DE scum, including Rabastan, before he succumbed to injuries. No. The one who died that night in the graveyard was Viktor Krum, and that was even after the bastard, Karkaroff, helped bring Voldemort back, or rather because of that." Joanne nodded. Obviously, the deaths on their side during the war weighed heavily on them. The interrogation continued for a further hour. By the end, each of the visitors looked positively gleeful. Alex Morgan was caught in a vice, never mind her lawyers and her rights. As they took leave, Joanne requested, "Can you... and will you tell me the real story? It isn't as if it will change anything, but... I can have some closure." The four exchanged a glance. If it was done right, they could salvage so many reputations without actually having to come out in the open. They could use the same website where people wrote the stories based on the world that the books described – their world, and where most of the character assassination took place. "We will, as a matter of fact. Perhaps, it is time for us to tell our story to the world."