"They even used real emeralds to bring out the sparkles in your eyes." Harry looked at the painted stone face, which was nearly identical to his own but for the lack of glasses and the abundance of an unplaceable arrogance. Even the lightning-shaped scar on his forehead was present, even if its stone counterpart was thinner and less obtrusive than the original. "They do almost look real," he admitted, staring at the glittering green eyes. "It's almost like looking at my mother's portrait." "You do have Princess Lily's eyes, Harry," Percy said, his voice a measure less genteel, and softer for it. "There's no escaping that." Severus, who was not completely fluent in the humans' language, did not pay any mind to the conversation between the boy and the tall, thin, red-haired man, his attentions already split between the warmth of the boy and the perfection of the stone statue. Even from hiding spot, Severus could see the glitter of the statue's green eyes, nearly as captivating as the real thing. Yet, between the cold perfection of the statue and warm, disheveled boy it represented, there was no comparison. It was only the mentioning of one name, the name that was forever in his heart and in his thoughts, that jarred him away from waxing ever more dreadful eloquence over the green-eyed boy. They could not have meant his… A fork of lightning split the darkening sky. The wind was beginning to blow dangerously fast. A storm was approaching, sending the sailors on the ship running about to secure their vessel. Severus dove in the safety of the ocean and watched as the humans scrambled about onboard. Their ship crashed through the storm. It tossed about dangerously, uncontrolled by the humans onboard however much they tried. The waves, once fine and smoother than a sand-smoothed stone, was choppy and turbulent, pitching the large ship every which way. Lightning crashed all around, striking the ship and starting a fire near the stern. As the humans attempted to put the fire out, a large rock loomed dangerously in the ship's path. The ship crashed against the rock, pitching much of the crew overboard, an act the others on board quickly imitated. The fire was growing stronger, the ship was beginning to sink, and then an explosion, greater and more frightening than the ones Severus had seen in the sky earlier, ripped through the ship, tossing up wood and metal and people up in the air like so many grains of sand. Severus ducked from the sudden flare of heat and debris, the water acting as a shield against the hot, dangerous projectiles, before emerging again, seeing nothing of the once-grand ship in the burning, sinking husk bobbing helplessly in the water. He looked about, searching for any humans that might see him, floating there in the middle of the wreckage, when he spotted the boy, clinging weakly to a piece of driftwood before losing what grip he had and sinking into the waters. Without hesitation, Severus dove after him, determined to save him, if only for the sake of those eyes. Harry was warm, in a way he imagined he must had been when his parents had been alive. It was a warmth that felt not just comforting, but safe , protected against all the dark, dangerous things in the world. He could feel the sun shining on him, but, more than that, there was a warm hand against his cheek, filling his spirit with comfort. A voice was singing to him, a dark, velvety voice just as warm and comforting. It sang in words Harry did not know, or could not understand, still rousing himself from what felt like a deep sleep. It sang, the rhythm almost a chant, and as Harry slowly opened his eyes, the sun bright as it shone above them, he drowsily stared at the face of his rescuer. Harry could not make out the man's features, but there was no mistaking the strength of the person singing to him. Harry could see the dark, smoldering look in the man's jet-black eyes and the thick fall of the man's long black hair. Harry's hand weakly reached up and touched the man's cheek, knowing his mouth was slowly quirking up into a grin but he could not stop himself. His hand cupped the stranger's face as the stranger's hand continued to cup his own, and Harry's heart began to ache with the stirrings of young love. But, as Harry began to understand the ramifications of what was before him, as he yearned to know the man's name, the stranger was gone, suddenly driven off as a barking dog drew closer. "Harry!" Percy cried out as Sirius licked at Harry's face, pulling him out of the daze of strange dreams and blossoming love. Harry rose to his feet, shakily staring out at the ocean. He searched for the stranger in the waves, certain that the man could not have just disappeared. "Oh Harry, I swear. One day, you're going to be the death of me," Percy said, one hand reaching out to touch Harry's arm, as if to make sure the young prince was truly there. "Did you see him?" Harry asked anxiously. At Percy's quizzical look, he added, "The man who rescued me." A silly smile formed on his lips as he slipped out of Percy's light grasp. "He was… singing." His voice was almost sighing. "He had the most beautiful voice." Percy, unsure of what to make of Harry's delusional ramblings, only guided the prince away from the shore with a firm hand on the young man to keep him from straying. Sirius barked and ran about around them, aching for his newly-found Harry's affections. The merman watched, unseen, from behind a rock, and he ached all the more for the boy with the green eyes. The boy the other called 'Harry'… to be continued... What do you think? Please review! I really need to know. :)