galleons with you. Unlike the pound which will look different when Charles becomes King, the galleon is unchangeable." "I wish I had packed more when we were on the run during the war. We could have eaten better," she laughed. "I think that it is amazing that when you robbed the bank, all you took was a half-blind dragon." This time Hermione laughed even harder. She wiped her eyes and said, "The goblins insist on bringing me money from my vault rather than letting me go down. Harry has the same problem. Fifteen goblins brought trays of engagement rings from the Potter and Black vaults so he could choose a family heirloom for Ginny when they were betrothed." The two recorded another cycle of runes and then her mentor told her to go home for eight hours of rest. The next morning Hermione brought Mr. Jenkins's Earl Gray tea and a bag with fresh scones to the Death Chamber. As she entered she noticed his notebook on the floor in front of the arch, but he was nowhere to be seen. She assumed that he had gone to the loo, or to get some food. When he didn't show up for over an hour, Hermione went to the main office. "Analisa, have you seen Mr. Jenkins?" Hermione asked. "No, I thought he was with you in the Death Chamber," the assistant answered. As Hermione turned to return to the Chamber, Analisa called out, "An owl just delivered this for you." Hermione stuffed the envelope into her pocket. All day she sat in the room watching the runes cycle, "Love", "Wisdom", "Peace", "Hope", "Family." The cycle was constant and unchanging. She was about to give up and return to the office when she felt the letter in the pocket of her robes. " My dear Hermione, I know you will have the wisdom to handle everything in my absence. I have talked to Minister Malfoy and suggested that he appoint you as my replacement. He seems to think that I am taking terminal leave on my way to retirement. In a way, I am. I failed to tell you that when the runes show a return is coming, you need to find a replacement. This is the hardest part of the job. You need to find someone that will not take advantage of the situation that they find themselves in whenever they return. I have offered myself to travel again, and yes, I was the one who came from 200 years into the past to 1998. I have no idea who will be returning, but please treat the witch or wizard with the utmost care. Most, though prepared, really are not ready for what the world will offer. Your return will come within twenty-four hours of my departure. The safe house is my residence and you will now be the secret keeper as you have visited me. You'll have to apparate the person who appears. Apparation can be done from this room near the door. (It cannot be done into here, in case you are curious.) They will be in a state of suspended animation. No key for the cottage is necessary as your wand is keyed to the Death Chamber. The cottage is on the floo network, but it is closed until you open it. Just tell Healer King at St. Mungo's you are to take her to my residence. She will know what to do. I am proud to have known you. You will be fine. The first one is always the hardest. Regards, David Jenkins" Hermione was flabbergasted. The hints had been there through the years she had been working for him and more frequent the past week. She had hardly time to finish the letter and not even digest all the information contained therein, when the runes around the arch began to flash even faster and in a random pattern. Not knowing what to expect since she had barely had time to read the first part of the folder that he had left her, she moved Mr. Jenkins's notes away and neared the arch. The cloth of the Veil glowed with an opalescent white light then turned gold. The black arch was now lit with the gold runes in a star shape. Suddenly a person was thrust out of the light and onto the floor at Hermione's feet. The body was tightly wrapped in a white cloth, but there was evidence of life in the shallow breathing. Hermione stared at the bundle before her then remembered the letter. She picked up the folder and notebook from the floor and put them into her beaded bag. She sprang into action using a Levicorpus spell to move her bundle. Hermione took hold of the bundled person and apparated away a pleasant white cottage with a thatched roof named Faith House. They landed with a gentle thud on the front lawn of the cottage. Hermione laid bundle down on the lawn and moved to the door. Tapping the knob, it opened to her touch. She took in the layout of the cottage to refresh her memory. There was a large sitting room as she entered. To her left she could see a kitchen and to the right a hall, where she assumed there would be bedrooms. Moving down the hall, she looked into the rooms. There were two bedrooms and a hall bath. The larger bedroom was set up as a hospital space and was nearer the entry. The second was smaller, but still decent size where she assumed would be where she would stay until the traveler was able to be on his or her own. Returning outside, but leaving the door open for easy reentry, she carefully lifted then moved the bundled body using Levicorpus . After carefully lowering the body to the bed, she pulled back the blanket that was covering the face. In shock, all she could think of was the old joke, "Are you Sirius?"