He was such a bully and annoying student...what if he decided to change? What if, this year he had a new personality? That would probably mean that the all The Marauders have to change. That's not so probably. James continued to run down the stairs wearing his cloak, he checked the map one last time before reaching on the ground floor. Snivellus was still there and Mrs Norris was moving trying to get out from the Great hall to the corridor where Severus was. James moved quickly and thought: 'Gosh...I am going to help Snivellus...I will never tell this to my friends. If Sirius finds out about this, he'll think that the aliens have stolen my brain'. He saw Severus. His wand was light up and he was looking for his cat. It is hard to find a black cat in the darkness. James went in front of the black haired boy and put out his cloak. Severus jumped backwards and waved his wand: "Stupe-" He tried to knock James down, but he said: "Easy, Snivellus! I am here to save your arse and you barely knocked me down!" "Potter? What the hell are you doing here?! I don't need you, I can find my cat without your help." James rolled his eyes and explained: "Look, I really don't want to help you to find that bird-cat or whatever it is. The only reason I am here is that Evans told me to take you to from here. And if you don't listen to what I am saying, then... Mrs Norris will see you. She is there." James ended his speech and pointed to the Great Hall's entrance. "Lily told you to save me?" "Yeah, I saved her too from Filch and she was so happy that she kissed me." Severus looked at James with a disappointed look but then answered confidently: "Yeah, sure. Lily kissed you and I am a princess. You're lying more than you're breathing so shut up and LEAVE ME ALONE!" Severus ended up his phrase yelling. When James wanted to answer, they heard a "meow". James took his cloak and threw it on them both. Severus was panicked because that Potter has thrown a strange thing on him so he said: "What are you trying to do? And what is this stupid thing?" James whispered: "That's an Invisibility Cloak. And if you dare to tell to the teachers about it, then you'll be in danger Snivellus!" "I don't care about you're cloak. And that was not Mrs Norris. My raven is meowing this way." "First: A raven doesn't meow. Second: You really know how you're cat meowing?" Severus didn't care about what James was saying he held his cat and his under the cloak. "Let's take you both to the Slytherins' dungeons." "The Slytherins are not sleeping in dungeons, Potter!" James and Severus made their way to the Slytherins' dormitories. Suddenly, Severus asked: "How did you find me?" "That's not your business." They finally reached to the destination. James put out the cloak and said: "Now go away with your cat, Lily promised me that she'll kiss me again if I help you to don't be caught on the corridors looking for your bird-cat." "Why would I want to stay with you anymore, Potter?" He entered in the Slytherins' common room. He didn't want to believe that Lily really kissed James, but it was possible. James put on his cloak still thinking about what he had done. He helped Snivellus...just because Lily asked him. He'd do anything for the ginger haired girl. He reached outside the Hogwarts and went to the Quidditch field. He met Lily there. "You Ok, Evans?" "Did you help Severus?" "Yeah...and he found his bird-cat." Lily giggled and asked: "Can you tell me what are we doing here?" James remembered the plan and explained: "I am going to take you to your room without letting the Fat Lady seeing us." James went to a cupboard near the Quidditch field and opened it. he took from there a broom and showed it to Lily. "What do you think? We will fly on this to the window of my dormitory. One of the Marauders will open the window for us and then we will be in and you'll be able to go to your dormitory." "I am surprised. Your plan is clever and it can work." "You said that I am clever?" "No. I said your plan is clever." Lily rolled her eyes and took some rocks from the ground. James threw her a questioning look and Lily explained: "We will throw the rocks in the window, so your friend will hear us and will open the window." "Nice idea." They climbed on the broom and flew to the Marauders' dormitory's window. James was in front of her and Lily was behind him. She didn't like flying on a broom so when she barely fell off she threw her arms around James's neck and he said: "A hug? Thanks'. I always knew that you feel something for me." Lily blushed and said: "I will never feel anything for you, James! And it wasn't a hug! I barely fell, so I had to cling over something!" James didn't continued and finally they reached to the window. Lily started to throw rocks. Sirius woke up dizzy and looked strange at the window. Would be that a good idea to open the window? Sirius decided to do so and opened it. He barely fell off the bed when saw James and Lily on the same broom. They entered and Sirius said shocked: "What the hell is happening?" "You're dreaming, Padfoot. Go back to sleep. " "Prongs, Lily Evans is in our bedroom! That's awesome." "Yeah, and she's going to leave. Sleep, Padfoot!" Lily looked at James. "Good night, James. Thanks' for helping me!" "'Night, Evans! See you tomorrow!" When Lily left Sirius was already sleeping again. James was tired too so he fell asleep very fast.