could lick. Daphne, being the cleanest, was carrying most of the shopping bags. The days of the summer were idyllic and educational. The girls easily integrated themselves into the day to day work and Mr. and Mrs. Greengrass shared the chores with their hosts. There were picnics and evenings swimming in a pond. Another two children arrived, Muggleborn twins who were four years old and just showing signs of accidental magic, then another squib. The family knew who this child was because he had been heralded as the heir to the Parkinson family. Sage was a happy two-year-old, but had not passed the magic discovery examination that purebloods used to weed out the squibs before they became an embarrassment to the family. (Daphne was sure Pansy would be appalled and pleased to know that her brother was now harbored here.) The Hogwarts letters were delivered to the post office by owl and picked up by the family. Helene and Dexter made ready to return to Diagon Alley to pick up the school books for the girls and the additional books for the other children. This trip would have normally included Daphne and Astoria, but this year only Thomas, the eleven-year-old boy who had gotten a Hogwarts letter, would be going with them so that he could get his wand. He would not be getting robes, only the wand and a broom, as well as his books. Helene had explained that she had done it for each of the children when they turned eleven, but they all had written a letter of regrets to Hogwarts so that they could be left alone and homeschooled. The first of September rolled around and the Greengrass sisters were a bit depressed that they would not be joining the other returning students. They were missing their friends. The school year began with Professor Snape being declared Headmaster and Professor McGonagall remaining as Deputy. The papers were abuzz with the news that Harry Potter and Hermione Granger were missing and it had been reported that Ronald Weasley was quite ill. Her friends had mostly returned to school, but the letter she received from Tracy Davis said that Draco was missing Astoria. She surmised he was looking more ill than just pining after his love. She said that Muggleborns were now banned from attending Hogwarts so many Gryffindors were no longer in attendance. They fell into a pattern of following the spurious news in the Daily Prophet , the lack of fashion change and gossip in the Witches' Weekly, and the strange tidbits published in the Quibbler. They, too, had stumbled across the Potterwatch on the wireless radio. Fall brought a sighting of the Harry, Hermione and Ron at the Ministry of Magic followed by several false leads. Winter brought another sighting on Christmas Eve in Godric's Hallow. Mr. Olivander and Luna Lovegood were now among the missing whose names they recognized. Spring brought another supposed capture and escape from Malfoy Manor. Nobody really knew the real story except those who had been there and they weren't talking to the press. Tracy reported that the school had become a hell for even the Slytherin House members. Some were now discretely helping Ginny Weasley and Neville Longbottom keep the half-bloods safe. Then there was news on Potterwatch that Harry Potter, Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley were wanted for breaking into Gringotts and breaking out on a stolen dragon. The school year was coming to an end and the tension between the sides was growing and war was eminent. The press had used the statement by Scott Westerfeld, "A little drama wins more friends than boring," to discount the fact that even purebloods were beginning to see the Dark Lord and his followers through jaundiced eyes. The second of May 1998 dawned gray and overcast. The world seamed so dreary. Elise and Daphne were going to the post office and store alone. Both girls were seventeen and had taken a trip to France where they took their apparation test and were now licensed. The children were kept at home, but these two were now adults and no longer having their magic tracked. "Daphne, if anything seems out of the ordinary," Helene warned, "you and Elise are to apparate directly into the barn and take the underground path into the cellars. This will set off the alarms and the apparation points will all close. We have practiced this drill before." "We will, Mother," Daphne responded. "I love you." She hugged and kissed her mother, then followed Elise, who had been getting the same lecture. When they got to the village they set about filling their shopping lists, then went to check the April monthly lottery numbers to see if they had won. Both read the numbers and then checked their tickets. "OH! Oh! Oh!" was all Daphne could say. "What?" Elise asked. "Have you won a weekly draw?" "No, I don't think so," Daphne answered. "Check my numbers. I think it's the big one." She called out the numbers one-by-one and Elise checked the board. Then grabbed her with a hug. They immediately filled out the forms to claim the prize. As they hurried home they heard the rumblings like great thunder and lightning. The ominous signs could not remove the ray of sunshine that winning the lottery had broken the dark cloud. The sky grew darker and darker and the day was almost as if it were night. "It has begun," was all Helene said as they entered the house through the kitchen door. The rest are in the cellars with the wireless. Potterwatch announced that Harry Potter was spotted at Hogwarts. Reports are that all the Death Eaters are assembling there. Astoria received an owl from Draco which somehow broke our wards. That's why we are hiding in the cellars. We don't know how safe we will be, but we will fight if necessary." "I know, Mother, and we will win," Daphne replied. The lottery winnings were forgotten.