brought his knees up until he had the man's hips between them and squeezed. He giggled as Snape gently trailed fingers over his ribs and knew he was done for. When Snape rested his head on his outstretched arm, Harry took advantage of the movement and slid his hand down. He let out a long groan and then spoke. "Are you hard?" he asked as he very gently palmed Snape's crotch. "You feel hard." "Are you?" Snape responded with a moan. Harry nodded and ran his fingers up what he assumed to be all of Snape's length. A gasp escaped his lips and he knew he needed to stop. He didn't want to submit. "I don't know how to tell you this," he whispered, "but I don't want to…." "I figured," Snape cut him off. "This is fine, as far as I'm concerned." He nudged his nose against Harry's head. "I can finish you," he whispered as he slowly lowered his hand. He chuckled when Harry nodded. "Verbal confirmation is required." "Shit yes!" Harry yelled as he raised his pelvis and tried to give the man better access. When Snape undid his trousers, he threw his head back and shut his eyes. He felt his trousers and shorts slide over his hips. "I said I don't want to…." Snape nodded and placed his lips against Harry's ear. "I heard you the first time," he whispered. "Wait." "Look, Potter," Snape brought his head up so they were eye to eye, "if you don't want this, just say so." Harry kept full eye contact as he moved his hand down Snape's abs and undid his trousers. He slid them as far down Snape's hips as he could reach and gave his bum a firm swat as he brought his hand back up. "One last thing," he whispered and sat up a bit. He removed his trousers and shorts and grabbed the blanket from where he'd left it just a few feet away. Without speaking, Snape helped him lay out the blanket beneath them. "You too." After flashing a reassuring smile, Snape sat up just far enough to pull off his trousers and sweater and then quickly settled back between Harry's legs. Following his lead, Harry pulled off his own sweater so that they were in just t-shirts. Snape rocked his hips slowly so that their members rubbed against each other and rested his head right next to Harry's. Harry sucked his bottom lip in between his teeth and pulled his other hand free. He ran his hands over every inch of Snape's body he could reach and settled his grip on the man's ass cheeks. They were firm yet round and Snape seemed to enjoy it. "Ahh," he gasped when Snape nibbled on his ear. "Thought you didn't want to," Snape teased as he flipped them and maneuvered so that Harry was between his legs. Unsure of what he was supposed to be doing, Harry continued moving their members against each other. Snape hadn't said how long they'd been there, and the days all seemed to blend, but it was long enough for him to want them both to feel good. "Tell me what you want? How to make you feel good?" Snape chuckled and spread his legs a little further. "Do you like this position or should I flip over?" For just a minute, the question went over Harry's head, but then he understood. His breath caught in his throat out of excitement. Snape wanted him to…. He nodded wildly and placed a sloppy kiss on Snape's lips before spitting on his hand and applying the lazy lubricant. While he lined up their bodies, he brought their lips back together and groaned at the feel of Snape's stubble –he hadn't noticed it before. He slipped the head in and pulled back in surprise. It was so much better than he'd imagined. The feel of Snape's hands on his back reminded him to move and he finished pushing in. Snape was hot and tight around him, in ways he hadn't expected. Again Snape's hands tugged at him and encouraged movement. As he moved, he felt Snape's legs wrap up and around his hips and it brought a grin to his face. He must be doing a decent enough job to illicit that response. "You feel so good," he whispered as he stopped moving. Stopping was almost painful, but he knew he wouldn't last long otherwise. He took deep breaths and rested their foreheads together. "Just give me a minute." Snape nodded and continued rubbing his hands up and down Harry's sides. "I can keep going, right?" Harry asked once he'd caught his breath. "Please," Snape moaned. "I can go as long as you'd like." Harry smirked and gently kissed him before returning to his earlier pace. Every moan and whimper from Snape encouraged him to keep going, but it eventually wore him out. He patiently waited for the man's pleasure to start to build again. "I need to finish," he hissed as he took Snape's cock in his hand and began stroking in time with his thrusts. "Yeah," Snape gasped as he dug his nails into the flesh of Harry's back. When Snape's cock finally twitched and he shot, Harry released and then collapsed onto his chest. He pulled out of Snape slowly and mindlessly let the man maneuver them until they were spooned. Next thing he knew, Snape had the blanket cocooned around their entwined bodies and his arms wrapped protectively around him. "How long have we been here?" Harry whispered as he started to drift off. "2 weeks…maybe 3. Honestly, Potter, I'm not entirely sure." Harry snorted and reached his hand back to pat Snape's bum. "We just made love. You should call me Harry and I should call you…." "Severus," Snape supplied. "And no, you shouldn't. That wasn't love –it was need." "No," Harry corrected. "That was love, you stubborn son of a bitch. Now shut up and sleep."