around, his eyes wide. "It was a lovely speech! Honest, I know, and lovely. But it was." Harry pantomimed a noose tightening around his neck. "You're going to make me resign right over the edge of this balcony, Hermione." From the edge of the ballroom, backlit by a more raucous party than Harry remembered leaving, Neville began clapping slowly. "It really was'nspiring, Harry." Harry turned as if summoned. "Oh—you too?" "Swore up'n'down I'd keep an eye on you," Neville said in a half-yell, sounding suddenly very drunk. "Up'n down'I did on Ginny's honor. 'Swhat I'm doing." Hermione took her hand from Harry's shoulder and, with her eyes down, said, " Honestly , Neville—I don't know what you're—" much too quietly for Neville to hear. Neville went on, completely unfazed. "Tol' me last month she's worried about"—and here he made a wildly exaggerated hourglass shape with his hands—"up on the mountains and on—in town, you know. Alpine vixens, she called 'em. 'Scontinental women for you, she said, not to be trusted. Anyway, Ernie's looking f'two of you. Wants to show you off to Am-m-bassador Durand. Char-r-ming fellow, the ambassador." "Thank you, Neville!" Harry yelled after him. Hermione had composed herself during Neville's evocative gesturing. "I suspect Ernie might have the right one, this time. Well—we mustn't keep the ambassador waiting." "Neville clearly didn't wait." They laughed and then it was quiet again. "You don't mind that I and the Weasleys are still—" Hermione shook her head until he stopped talking. "They're your family, Harry, of course not. And Gin. God, I'd be terrible if I did." "Good. When everything happened to them I knew I—but then, you—" "I wouldn't make you choose, Harry. Not that I could , even, but I—I wouldn't make you." They didn't talk for a while. "I'm cold," Hermione said. "Sure," Harry said. "Yeah. Let's go in and see what Ernie's amazed about now." # From the moment they had arrived there'd been something not right about everything Harry had seen. But he couldn't piece it together. He couldn't begin to articulate it to Neville, let alone Kingsley; his head was still swimming from the flight. He'd agreed to act as a figurehead, and nobody cared who he was; he'd wanted to lose himself on vacation, and he was stuck in sober conversations with French delegates; he'd hoped to be friendly with Hermione again and every light, fun conversation they had seemed to tap a new vein of discomfort and concealment. He wanted to get drunk. He had anonymity, and an open bar, and nobody sober to talk to, and no press skulking in alleyways, and he wanted to drink until he couldn't tell what was airsickness and what was regular, healthy forgetting-sickness. But now he and Hermione were having a light and fun conversation about his swimming head. And so all he said to Hermione when she asked if he was okay was: "To be honest, you still sound completely underwater to me. The Quidditch tabloids would ruin me if they knew about this, I imagine. 'The Boy Who Lived With Sensitive Ears.'" His head was throbbing between his sensitive ears, but he knew how Hermione would react to that. "You can count on my discretion, of course," Hermione said, tipping an invisible hat. "You see, Hermione? Why, even Ernie here sounds completely underwater to me." "Oh—I have a pill for that!" Against Harry's protestations she began digging around in her ridiculous handbag. "It's—I always used to get that, and I'd cry and sulk the first night of all our holidays. Not that you're sulking, I mean—" Harry grinned at Hermione, watched her simultaneously overreact and realize she was overreacting like she always had. Then it got very loud, and all at once the small noises the professional seeker should have caught, the little shifts in mood and tone that should have set him on edge, fell into place behind the present moment. Someone was coming in over the lovely balcony. Someone was crashing through the severe doors. The Death Eaters appeared at either end of the party, and as tables crashed to the ground and screams echoed in the sterile white room and whole delegations pushed toward and through the double doors to all the suites Harry knew what was wrong. Kingsley had vanished, the ambassador was calling out to his countrymen in martial French, and in the moment before Harry thought he might finally understand what was happening Ernie Macmillan and Neville Longbottom fell dead beside him. # The hall was filled with smoke, and then screaming, and then the sound of spells, spells cast in strangled shouts. The clatter of the big round tables, turned over and rolling. The Death Eaters had come up over the balcony and through the big double doors at the other end. They'd fired wildly, toward the British delegation and elsewhere, and before anyone had understood what was happening Neville and Ernie lay dead on the floor. Harry thought he had seen some others fall in his peripheral vision. That's the last thing he remembers thinking when he's thinking again, in the middle of the hall. The tables all seem turned to face him, in a loose, expectant circle. He's breathing heavily, and until the world snaps back into place around him that's all he can hear. But now he can hear the crying, and the chatter, and the After Them! from the general secretary's honor guard. In front of him lies a Death Eater cut to ribbons, bleeding from ragged wounds. Sectumsempra. From over the tables delegations who had only heard his name before this afternoon are staring at the body, and the destruction, and then back at the wizard in the middle of it, finally. Harry Potter, the professional Quidditch player and regional hero; the honorary delegate. # A note: The remainder of this story occurs in real time. It is now a little after 10 PM on the night of the purification of Wizarding Britain.