first female asked. "No, nothing that you can help me with I'm afraid," Hermione answered. "This is just so strange." "What is?" the male asked. "All of it; this castle… you. I feel like I am in the middle of a dream." "Hopefully you will feel better tomorrow and if you have questions about the castle or us just ask." "That would be easier if I could see you," Hermione said before she suddenly realized, "I don't even know your names." "Oh, dearie," the first female said. "I am Mrs. Potts. I am the head housekeeper." "I am Lumiere and I am the castle's maître d." the male said. "I am Plumette and I am one of the maids here," the second female said. "Some of us call her Fifi," Lumiere added grinning. "I am Hermione Granger," Hermione said. "It's nice to meet you." "You too, dearie," Mrs. Potts said. "We will leave you now so you can have a rest before tomorrow." Shortly after they left Hermione and she was again alone. It had been nice to talk to someone else but after they left Hermione didn't know what to do. She was tired, frustrated, and very, very confused. Magic - what was that about -, an enchanted castle, invisible servants, and a ghost-monster? It was too much to understand. The thoughts were running through her head and when she fell asleep her dreams were just as confusing. …. Over the next week Hermione came to the kitchen every morning and tried to help the other servants, but they wouldn't let her help since she could see neither them nor what they were doing. They would ask her to sit down with a cup of tea and then they would ask her questions about the outside world. She would ask them questions about the castle and how it came to be enchanted, but they didn't seem to know much. Actually they didn't seem to know much about anything kind of like they had simply forgotten. It was never very clear. All they knew for certain was there was an enchantment over the castle and everyone in it and that it was anchored in the Master. The Master was the key. They asked her if she could possibly help them somehow. They would lie and pretend, if asked, that she was working with them but instead they wanted her to look around the castle and find clues to hopefully break the curse on the Master so that the enchantment would break. She explored the castle during the day, but it was huge and there were many places to look. She hadn't seen the Monster since that first day, so she was starting to relax in the castle. On the eighth day since she had arrived she was walking through the garden. It was more beautiful than she had imagined, but there was a tree that looked very sick. It looked to be a dying rose tree. There were no other rose trees on the grounds and she wondered where the rose in Philippe's mane had come from. This tree did not look as if it could provide flowers. "Hermione, Hermione!" Plumette called suddenly. She sounded out of breath as if she had been running "Yes, what is it?" "Hurry, you must come inside. The Master is requesting your presence. I fear he might have discovered our lie about your work." They hurried inside to the kitchen. "Bring the Master his tea, dearie, in the library" Mrs. Potts said. "Try to act as natural as possible." Within just a few minutes she was running through the castle, holding a tray with a tea set, trying to get to the library as fast as possible. As she entered she felt eyes upon her. The Monster was already seated and he was looking at her. "I'm sorry for the delay," she said setting the tray down on the table. He didn't reply. "How do you like your tea?" "Two lemons, one sugar," came the reply. He was still staring at her, and she did the mistake of looking up at him. His eyes were hard, and she was certain just then that he knew what she was investigating. She was terrified while she was making the tea, and as she took the saucer to pass it to him her hands started to shake terribly, and she ended up dropping the cup on the floor. Quickly she bent to pick it up only to notice it had been chipped in the fall. "I'm so sorry. I'll make a new cup," she whispered and quickly made a new cup for him. This time she took a deep breath before picking up the saucer and bringing it to him. She placed the cup in front of him, and moved to leave the room. "Stay," he said and took a sip of the tea. She knew he was on to her, how could he not be? She stood to one side with her head bent and her eyes downcast. The Monster was quietly sipping the tea. He was so quiet she didn't actually hear him. He could also move quietly as she realized when he grabbed her chin and forced her head upwards. His head was very close and when her eyes locked with his, he whispered a strange word; "Legilimens." She felt her mind wander to her conversations with the servants, their plan to have her investigate the enchantment, and her exploration of the castle. Suddenly he started to laugh. "You think you can break this curse?" he laughed still holding her chin. "It is too powerful for you." "I…" she started but didn't actually know what to say. His laugh sounded menacing and she was still scared. "By all means continue your investigation, but let me give you a warning. This curse is my punishment." "What are you being punished for," she whispered. "Murder," he said without smiling. "Do you feel brave enough to continue?"