one for a good percentage of life - she really doesn't know how the muggles do it. She could've returned home about an hour ago, but Marietta is there, so things are complicated and awkward and Cho has never been good at knowing what to say. The thing is that she doesn't particularly know how to love. She also doesn't really know how to be loved, which is unfortunate, since her best friend just sprung a surprise confession on her. A broken heart and a dead boyfriend at the age of fifteen did that to her. A lifetime of struggling and a series of bad decisions made the situation worse. Marietta is just as - if not more - of a conundrum. Cho can't place her feelings into one specific location. She would argue that this is because she is a multi-faceted and complex human being and not the fear of commitment that ultimately led to the breakdown of her marriage, but she might just be biased. Daniel was new. Daniel was different. Recently, Cho's been falling back into old patterns and old people, which is strange and disconcerting, but nostalgic at the same time, the kind of nostalgic that reminds her of when Cedric was alive, before the war, before Marietta betrayed Dumbledore's Army and everyone fell apart. Cho wonders if Marietta has always been in love with her. If she's wasted her life being utterly oblivious and hurtful. If she should have called, instead of falling for some muggle boy and shutting herself out from the world, her world. It explains things. Marietta has never had a boyfriend (none that she knows of, at least, they keep their secrets close to their chest). Why she dropped everything to move in with an old friend, a bad friend. Cho thinks about the heartache, how it would have felt to be healing and then to have the stitches picked away by one goddamn phone call. She knows the sensation of recovery well by now. She knows how easily the stitches are undone. Sometimes Cho wonders if she's bad luck. A cursed omen. It sounds unreasonable and illogical but she presents her facts (Cedric, Harry, the army, the war, her marriage) and it's more and more believable. Better to think that it's something magical, something inside of her that can't be fixed. Better to think that she can't love rather than opening herself up to it and being hurt in some eternal, endless cycle. What she feels for Marietta is undefinable. Marietta is old and new wrapped up into one confusing mess, something that squirms in the pit of Cho's stomach. She didn't see it. Not as a child, anyway, not before she was lonely and craving love perhaps, not when things could have resolved themselves for the best. When they could have been happy together. Cho wouldn't call it love. Love always seems to be when happiness is within reach, still a possibility. Cho stops thinking because it's all so fucking screwed up. Too screwed up to analyse. She likes a blank mind. She likes the disassociation. Living in seconds is far better than the bigger picture. Until she sees that Marietta is sitting at the side of the road with a suitcase in her hand and life resumes all over again. "I don't want you to go," she admits, and they go from there. vii. After some extensive discussion, Marietta decides to stay. Cho doesn't say it back. The days turn into weeks. Marietta's guest residence becomes more and more permanent, marked by the drawers that she now calls her own, the flat that she decides to sell for good. They dress up for Halloween and buy each other Christmas presents. They're friends. They fit together. It's an awkward fit - because of the words left unsaid, because of the things they've pretended to have forgotten - but it works. It's quite nearly happy, if that word has any semblance of meaning any longer. One day in the Spring, Marietta kisses Cho again. This time, Cho doesn't walk out. They don't look back. It doesn't really feel like a beginning, but it's not an ending either, it's some eternal halfway point that they'd like very much to be stuck in forever. Marietta calls it the honeymoon period and then turns bright red. Cho laughs louder than she should, the cute and quirky laugh that she had as a child, that grew more faded as she aged. They hold hands. They smile at each other. It reminds Cho of Cedric, but it's different, somehow, better. Not tainted by memory. More tangible, more certain. Marietta stops sleeping in the guest room. She takes up solid ground. The house is theirs now, messy and disorganised but surprisingly comforting in the way that it never could be with Daniel. Work gets surprisingly more light-hearted. It's easier to handle now that Cho has something to hold onto, something to fall back on. May and June come and go with a quiet sadness. Change doesn't always occur. "I don't want things to end," Cho admits one night, voice as small as she can make it, the words hard to spit out. Cho remembers when she could tell the people she loved that she loved them. She thinks she might be getting there again. "Me neither," Marietta gives a wistful smile, hands fluttering nervously over Cho's, "so let's not end." "Yeah," Cho says, and the word lingers on. / A/N: this will be a collection of pairings, so if you would like to request a particular pairing in the reviews, that's fine. I had a fic like this previously (called Liar Liar) on my old account, but I deleted it so ... there we go. Title of the fic belongs to Shakespeare and the quote in the description is from Mr Rock n Roll by Amy Macdonald. If you have literally any thoughts at all (or a pairing to request!) please review! It makes my day!