bed facing Lily who was trying to hide under her sheets. "No, and I don't want to" Lily muttered, burrowing further into bed and trying to block out all thoughts of the Marauders. "Oh don't be such a spoil sport! The Marauders have many flaws, but they're at least fighting back against the Slytherings" Kara argued, throwing a pillow at her to try and coax her out of her duvet cave. "I don't see how you could know Potter and Black for most of your life and still be able to defend them" Lily's voice came through the sheets muffled. Choosing to completely ignore Lily's protests, Kara launched into the story of the flour attack, and the following fight in front of the castle which had to be broken up by three professors while Lily sat back and winced through it. "You do realise that pelting people with food doesn't count as a prank" She sighed, annoyed at how the Marauders had everyone in the palm of their hands "I can't wait for people to decide physical fights with the Slytherins was only going to make things worse. Lily had given up hope trying to convince Kara of this, the Shaws were a pure blood wizard family which had an age old feud with the Black family, as children Kara and Sirius had been raised to hate each other, but their mutual friendships with James had meant the three had been a trio since childhood, so Lily knew she was going to have to put up with them for a while Sirius leaned nonchalantly against the one eyed witch statue, raking his hand through his silky hair as a Hufflepuff girl walked passed, blushing and smiling at him " The hair always gets them " Sirius grinned to himself, flicking his hair and watching her run off. "Pads you better not be trying to flirt with anymore bloody Hufflepuffs" Remus warned as he, James, and Peter met up with him. "Pfft, no, that Hufflepuff was trying to flirt with me" he winked at him, flicking his hair back into position, tapping the hump with his wand and muttering "dissendium" causing the wall to slide to the side revealing a secret passage. "We're not witnessing you go through a two week relationship before deciding you're a loan wolf again pads" James laughed "You're hopeless at anything other than smiling at people", bustling into the hatch quickly before anyone noticed them sneaking out whilst Remus checked the map. "I'm not taking this from the guy who's had five years to make one person even like them and has failed!" James thought about it for a second before choosing to simply slap him when he had no comeback. "Enough of how much of a failure at relationships I am anyway, I had a crate of sweets reserved at Honeydukes in the basement and I'm not waiting for the weekend" "Pads you're a beautiful human, do you know that?" James patted him on the back. "Yeah I'm going to need this just to get through the next couple of night, you know we have three essays due next week?" Remus started to panic "If we hadn't spent so much time in the kitchens eating cake this last minute rush wouldn't be happening" "It's a known fact that no effort should be put into History of Magic essays Moony" Sirius sighed at Remus' constant dedication to school work "Now come on, I need my Acid Pops" Even as Sirius swung open the trapdoor he knew something wasn't right, he stopped the others in their tracks and pushed his finger to his lips, lowering the lid slowly and creeping out. "There's someone up there" He whispered, gesturing to the shop. Nervously pushing his hair out of his face and pushing up his glasses James raised his wand and crept up the stairs to the door, Sirius close behind. "Waw mind the hair Prongs" He warned as James brushed against him, he just raised his eyebrows and Sirius and carried on. Once they'd pushed open the door and peered around James saw what was going on, the shop assistant was behind the counter with a strange man in black robes, talking in muffled tones and exchanging money. "Death Eater!" Sirius said loud enough for the two to hear, the man in black's head snapped around and glared at the basement door but the two of them had already swept down the stairs and thrown the other two under the Cloak of Invisibility with them. Frowning, he flung open the door and stamped down the stairs, lifting his hood up for long enough to peer into the darkness for Sirius to recognise him. " Uncle?" he mentally gasped. watching as the man who helped raised him was currently wearing traitor's robes. James looked over at him sympathetically before he finally left. "It can't be what we think" Remus shook his head "Those stories were just in the Prophet to scare us, there's no such thing as a Dark Lord" "I'm not too sure now" James bit his lip and threw the cloak off his head. Grabbing the sack of sweets by the bottom of the stairs the Marauders quickly legged it back to the castle, trying to comprehend what they'd seen. Authors Note: I hope everyone reading this will carry on reading, I've put a lot into this fanfic over the two years I've been writing it so far and I want this to go on way past their time at Hogwarts because I've read loads that end at 7th year and I love Lily and James' story so much I want to write all of it, so I hope you stick with me to the end and enjoy :) I'm currently at the end of Hogwarts and about to go into the war so hop over to chapter 55 if that's all you want to read about Don't forget to review with what you think, thanks! -Hannah