the Weasleys?" "Maybe," Percy says. "We're a pretty big family." Then he changes the subject abruptly, as if he doesn't really like talking about his family. "Are you from here?" he asks me. "I mean, you don't sound like it." "My mum's American," I say, "and I thought her accent was cool, so I use it too." "Have you ever been there?" he asks me. "I've heard that they have this bloke called Michael Jackson." "Is he a singer?" Oliver asks. "I think I've heard of him." "Yep," Percy says. "Bill likes him." "I think he's pretty great," I say. "My mum likes him, too." " My mum thinks he sounds worse than what Charlie raises in the back yard," Percy says, with an air of superiority, which annoys me a bit. "Have you heard him before?" I demand, and Percy hesitates, eyebrows furrowing. "Well, no," he mumbles. "Not really." Then he stands, the smile crossing his face again. "I'll ask Bill, then. He's a sixth year. You want to help me find him?" The three of us end up venturing out of the compartment, staggering a little under the train's motion. I walk behind Percy, and Oliver walks behind me, as we walk past compartment after compartment of other students, some of them already in robes, others still in Muggle clothes. "He's got really long hair that's red like mine." Percy describes, "Oh- there he is... Bill!" An older student, before us in the aisle, turns, his hair, true to Percy's description, down to his shoulders. He grins when he sees Percy, his face broader and stronger than Percy's- attractively so, eyes dark and expressive with amusement. "Hi," he says. "Whatcha doing out here?" "What does Michael Jackson sound like?" Percy demands, and Bill laughs, bemused. "You want to hear?" he asks, and we all nod. "Give me your wand." Percy holds his wand out trustingly (something he won't be doing as often when the twins arrive at Hogwarts), and Bill taps his wand point to Percy's. A song begins to play, not loud, but still hearable, and I can recognize the song as "Black or White". Oliver and Percy, on the other hand, look near enraptured. Bill grins, then looks at me. "Heard it before?" he asks. "Yeah," I manage to say, not sure how to talk to some older, handsome figure like Percy's brother. He nods sagely. "The prince of pop," he says seriously, although he looks like he feels like laughing. "Good for you. You must have good tastes in music." "My mum likes him," I tell him, and he smiles, before straightening. "That good enough for you?" he asks Percy and Oliver, and they nod. Bill shuts off the music some way or another, and we return to the compartment. "Maybe he's not that bad," Percy admits. "But still a bit weird." The lunch lady comes by, a little later, but only Oliver buys anything- I don't have any money on me, because my money always seems to vanish, and Percy dolefully holds up a peanut and butter jelly sandwich. When Oliver sees that we don't buy anything, he buys more things, so that we can split the mounds of candy and food between the three of us. "Thanks," I say, finishing Percy's sandwich- peanut butter and jelly being both my and my dad's favorite- and Oliver catches a chocolate frog before it leaps out of the compartment. The three of us sit there, eating candy and talking. Mostly arguing. Mostly Percy and Oliver arguing, about the Sorting or whatever. I can join in with that, because I've been taught that not all Slytherins are sorted in because they're bad. It's just other people that reinforce unfair class roles. My dad's a Slytherin, after all. "Hang on," Oliver says, changing the subject back to Quidditch again, which is his obvious first love. "Your brother's the captain of the Quidditch team, isn't he?" "Charlie? Yeah. He's pretty good," Percy says off handedly. "All my brothers have done something or another. Except the twins and Ronald, but that's because they're all under 9. I'm going to do something greater than that. I want to work for the ministry or something." "Since is when the Ministry better than Quidditch?" Oliver wrinkles his nose, a gesture that becomes familiar to Percy and I soon enough. "Quidditch is just a game," Percy says offhandedly, and Oliver looks affronted, eyebrows rising high on his forehead. " Just a game? You think Quidditch is just a game?" "We all have our own ideas," I cut in, before Percy can retort. After a few moments of silence, Oliver grins easily at us. "It's no big deal," he agrees. "Quidditch or... or the Ministry." He resists the urge to wrinkle his nose again. "Anyway, you said before that you don't mind being in Slytherin, Katica?" "No," I say adamantly. "My dad was a Slytherin," "Really?" Oliver asks. "You never struck me as a Slytherin." "Well, my mum was Gryffindor," I say with slight pride. "I'm probably going to be Gryffindor, too," Percy says gloomily. "My whole family's Gryffindor, you know." "I don't know if the red hair would fit anywhere else," I tease, but Percy bristles slightly. "Don't worry," I say hastily. "I think your hair's magnificent." Percy has this weird thing about his family. He wants to be better than them, because he wants them to be proud. He wants everyone to see him being great, so he tells people what to do all the time so that they'll pay attention to him and think that he knows more than they do. But he also really doesn't like sticking out, or rocking the boat, or being something my mother always called "being a freethinker", and my dad calls "being left wing". And Oliver, he just really likes Quidditch. I can foresee he and Percy arguing a lot. I don't really mind- I was afraid that I wouldn't make any friends on the train.