hips as something deep inside him throbbed with pleasure. As he shifted again, he realized the pleasure was coming from a few fingers in his bum. A yelp left his mouth as he shot down Snape's throat. The fingers continued moving and Harry wondered if Snape was waiting for an invitation. "Fuck me!" he ordered. "Indeed," Snape said with raised eyebrows as he stepped back. He took Harry's hand and tugged. "Position?" "Ride you," Harry said as he pushed Snape back and crawled into his lap. He wanted, needed to feel stretched again. While Snape shifted, Harry gently touched him. Having it in him was going to feel so good. He straddled the man and began aligning things. "Wait!" Snape hissed. He tore open a condom and quickly wrapped himself. Once that was done, he dribbled some lube onto his erection and grabbed Harry's hips. Harry nodded, slightly concerned that he'd gotten distracted enough to forget that. He held the base of Snape's cock as he slowly lowered himself. Being filled like that felt so incredible –why had he not tried it before? He squeezed his thighs and gluteal muscles as he raised his hips and then slammed himself back down. "So good." They didn't go more than 10 minutes and Harry was surprised they both lasted so long. He gently dismounted Snape and collapsed to the bed. He'd never done the one-night thing before, but from what he'd heard, falling asleep wasn't usually frowned upon. In just a moment, he was sound asleep. -:-:-:- Harry woke early the next morning and it all rushed back to him. On the anniversary of Dumbledore's death he'd accidently fulfilled one of the man's wishes and gotten along with Snape. He heard Snape's snores and cringed. It was so awkward. Hot and incredible, totally spontaneous too. But…. There was a reason he'd never been with a man before. Only the Prince had ever appealed to him. It wasn't something in his 5 year plan. As quietly as he could, he moved to the shower to rinse the sweat and ejaculate off his body. His feelings of dirty and playful had been replaced by dirty and shameful. The worst part was probably that he'd led Snape on. Was there a decent way to ask forgiveness for that? He reentered the bedroom to find it empty. The bed was made and his clothes were folded. "I'm sorry, but I'm not gay," he practiced as he dressed, "it was brilliant, but…. But it can't happen again. Or, I…I just don't want a relationship with you. Shit!" He growled as he turned toward the door –Snape deserved something better. His stomach dropped when he saw that Snape was standing in the door. "You heard that?" Snape smiled softly. "I do not need my feelings spared. Honestly, I am rather surprised you stayed the night." He growled as he pushed off the door and walked forward. "It was a night of passion between strangers and…" he rolled his eyes as he looked away. "This is the most interesting thing that's happened to me in years. The isolation has…." Harry bit into his lip unitl there was blood and then wiped it away. He looked to the bed and back. "No hard feelings? It's just that I actually like the guy I met last night." He met Snape's gaze. "I'd really like to be his friend." "If you'd like," Snape said as he gently rested his arms on Harry's shoulders. "I am not offended now. I will not be offended if this is never mentioned again. Nor will I be offended if you come around for another shag. I do not do anything other than casual. Understood?" "Yeah," Harry said with a small smile. "I have work, but if you ever need anything, like groceries…. No you shouldn't owl." He paused. "We'll figure something out. I can get a phone." Instead of responding, Snape just walked out and left Harry to find the door. -:-:-:- Harry walked up Snape's yard with an armful of groceries not even a week later. He told himself that it was his sense of duty, or maybe boredom, anything other than desire. After knocking, he checked over his shoulder so that it wouldn't look like he was too desperate for the door to open. When it did he stepped through before Snape even really got a look at him. "I stopped off at the store," he said as he put the package on the table. "Is something wrong?" Snape asked as he dug through the bag. He pulled out the package of condoms and flapped it. "Subtle." A bright red blush overtook Harry's features. "Those…well they're for me –newly single and all, thought I might experiment. I've never used them before." He gulped. "Forgot they were in there." Snape tossed them aside. Harry tried to ignore the disappointed look on Snape's face. "Does there need to be something wrong?" Snape frowned as he carried the first group of items to the kitchen. "Your return is a pleasant surprise." Harry didn't say anything as he seated himself on the sofa and emptied his carrier bag. He'd brought some current cases that he thought Snape would enjoy looking through. Snape eventually placed a cuppa on the table but walked back to the kitchen instead of sitting. "Come look at this," he called after the man. The way Snape froze reminded Harry of his old professor. "For what purpose?" Harry sighed as he set the file aside. "I brought some things for you to look through, but you obviously don't want company." He stood, but Snape pushed him back down. It was then that he realized. Maybe it was his presence, or his mistake leaving the condoms in the bag, regardless something had made Snape go hard. The evidence was near at hand. He opened his mouth to apologize and was overwhelmed by memories of that glorious cock inside him. "Fuck me," he ordered as he stood.