anymore. He was in love with Lily Evans, and he resented her for it. Thinking wasn't helping, though. It was only making him angrier. "Right," James said furiously, looking around for something to ease his temper. His eyes landed on Snape again. "Right —" With another flash of light, Snape was hanging upside down again. "Who wants to see me take of Snivelly's pants?" said James callously, and the crowd cheered again. -::- After he had finished the last of his O.W.L.s, James traipsed back to the Gryffindor common room with Peter in tow. Neither of the boys had ever found History of Magic very interesting, and had consequently stayed up until the early hours of the morning trying to study for the exam. They passed a group of Hufflepuff girls, who all giggled and batted their eyelashes as they passed, but all James had the energy for was a wink before turning back to his anxious friend. "What did you put for question thirteen?" Peter asked worriedly. "I think I got the goblin rebellions in the proper order, but —" "Hush, Wormtail. You'll give me a headache if I have to keep hearing about that rubbish," James complained, adjusting the strap of his bag. "Besides, the exam's over. Nothing you can do even if you did get it wrong." Peter didn't reply, but furrowed his brows at his friends' dismissal. As they climbed the stairs to the Fat Lady's portrait, a first year Gryffindor boy with flaming red hair knocked James as he was adjusting his glasses, and they went soaring out of his hand. "Oy! Watch it!" James barked as he half-glared, half-squinted at the boy. Try as he might, he could not tell if the blurry shape of what he thought was the small Gryffindor was someone he knew. "S-sorry!" the boy squeaked, and James grunted in response as the red head scurried away. "You good, Prongs?" inquired Peter as James turned back to him. "Hm? Brilliant. I just, you know, can't see you. Or where my glasses went. Or much of anything ." said James sarcastically, hoping Peter would take the hint. James saw Peter's blurry head bob up and down, and he went to search for his friends' glasses. They must have been knocked further away than he thought, however, because after couple minutes of searching Peter still hadn't located them. James had turned to look at Peter's fuzzy outline sweep the floor in search when he heard a female voice from behind him, making him jump. "Employing your mates to scrub the floor now, are we? What a charitable King you are, Potter, letting him be in your presence." If there had been any doubt who the owner of the voice was before he whirled around to face her, there wasn't anymore. Even through his bleary vision he could see her fiery red hair, a glowing blob a few feet away from him. He guessed by her tone she had raised one of her eyebrows and crossed her arms in disapproval. He grinned, his stomach squirming with the pleasure of seeing her again. "I try," said James in mock tones of concern. "But every visually impaired King needs his glasses. Haven't seen them around, have you, Evans?" He ended by flashing her his most dazzling grin, and he could imagine her rolling her eyes. She snorted. "Honestly, Potter, are you even a wizard? Accio Glasses! " she said, and he heard her wand swish. He faintly heard the sound of the brims of his glasses scraping along the stone steps, and Lily made a move to catch the spectacles as they flew towards her. James felt rather embarrassed he hadn't thought of this solution before she came. She advanced toward him and held out her hand, presumably with the glasses in them, though without them on he couldn't tell. He reached out his own hand and aimed for hers. It missed. James felt his cheeks get hot, and he self-corrected, making contact with Lily's hand. Her palm was warm, and smooth, and delicate. He realized he'd never felt her hands before and lingered there a few seconds longer than he should've, but he almost winced when he thought how rough his own must feel, and quickly snatched his glasses up and slid them onto his face. Everything slid back into focus, and he realized for the first time that some of Lily's mates were standing a few yards behind her, watching the scene unfold with amused expressions on their faces. He let his eyes travel back to Lily. She too, was wearing a small smile; she was proud of her insult. It was cute… "You know, Evans, every King needs a Queen. Interested?" He asked, giving her a wink. Her smile immediately dropped and she tucked her wand back into her robes, brushing past him and continued down the staircase with her friends. "Sorry, I've got a date with the giant squid, remember?" He called, "Evans!" and she glanced over her shoulder, but didn't stop walking. "You forgot to bow to your King!" She muttered something, aimed a spell at him from over her shoulder, and a silvery-blue mist shot out of her wand tip. "Sod off, Potter." He and Peter, who had righted himself and come to stand next to James, leapt out of the way as her charm hit the step they'd been standing on, blue slime covering it. Deep purple bubbles started to ooze out of it, and James was glad he'd gotten out of the way. He looked back at her retreating figure, and grinned again. Look on the bright side, he thought cheerfully. She didn't call you an arrogant toerag this time! A/N: How'd I do? I'd love to hear what you thought! Also, apologies on the James bullying scene — it went on for quite a bit, but I think it shows well how much Lily dislikes him. I tried to input some of James's thoughts into there…