to adore on Harry. She seemed to be a vibrant, bright, and intelligent personality. James on the other hand, seemed to be polar opposite of Lily, in terms of looks. He had Harry's signature messy black hair, and hazel eyes, that looked to have a permanent mischievous glint. Hermione assumed him to be more of the jokester, but that certainly didn't mean that he was any less intelligent. Contrary to the ideas Hermione conjured upon learning of Harry's home situation, they were kind and courteous. The two parents and Hermione had thoughtful conversations, and Harry occasionally added a comment or two. After a sufficient amount of time had passed, Lily stood up, and directed to Hermione, "Well, it has been wonderful talking to you, but unfortunately I have to make dinner. Will you be staying?" Hermione shared a glance with Harry, and at his minuscule shrug, she said, "I suppose so. There's nothing waiting for me at home." Lily lit up. "Wonderful. Well, it will be a bit, so I suppose Harry can show you his room. If he wants." "Thank you," Hermione said gratefully. "We'll do that." Hermione quite boldly took Harry's hand and told him, "Well, take me, Harry." Harry blushed, and Hermione wondered why. Nothing she said was too—oh. Upon realizing the implications of her previous statement, Hermione flushed, although not as beet red as Harry. Harry's parents definitely caught the unintended meaning and laughed loudly, and his dad even took care to say, "Leave your door open, Harry." Harry flushed even redder, if that was possible. He quickly pulled Hermione into his room, and doing as they said, all while repeatedly muttering to himself, "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god …" Hermione had to giggle to herself. The ridiculousness of the whole situation had gotten to her. After Harry had calmed himself down, he finally was able to show his room to her. Hermione had to admit that it was the essence of him. It had posters up on the wall, although not ones of his favorite bands or quotes from his favorite books. They were prints of art that he had accumulated over the years, and the most prominent one in the room was a print of an animated movie called My Neighbor Totoro. It had a fantastical and adventurous feel to it, not to mention a sort of childish wonder about it too. Somehow, Hermione could imagine Harry being a small, but curious little child in his younger days, as the poster seemed to convey to her. "That one's really cool," Hermione said to Harry, pointing to the Totoro poster. Harry glanced to where she was pointing to, and replied, "That's my favorite poster. I don't know. My parents got it for me when I was ten, and I hadn't even known what it was. Studio Ghibli's one of my favorite animation companies nowadays." "Really?" Hermione asked interestedly. "Do you want to work with them?" Harry laughed. "No. I mean, I'd love to, but they're based in Japan. I'm sure Japan is a beautiful place and all, but I don't think I could be away from my family that long, since that's exactly how long it would take. I'm not really sure. I had always liked the idea of being a free-lance artist, but I don't think it's sustainable enough." "That's okay," Hermione reassured, "you have time. Don't stress yourself." "How about you? I don't think you've ever told me." "Just like you I'm not sure," Hermione said. After a beat, she added, "Anymore. Before you, I was so sure that I was going to follow in the footsteps of my parents and become a surgeon, but now I'm not so sure. Everything's changed right in front of my eyes, and I didn't notice how far off the path I veered off," Hermione admitted. Harry gave her a guilty look. He didn't notice either how many ripples exactly he had caused in her life. "Oh, don't look like that Harry," Hermione attempted to comfort. "A lot has changed, but I don't regret being friends with you. I would never regret it." Harry brightened. "Thank you." "I just didn't think we would move this fast. The future is so… so… fickle. Any little thing could change it. I didn't think I would meet your parents so soon into the relationship either," Hermione told him. "I thought you would delay it, or something, until we were farther in." Harry took this in and thought it over. "That would only be if I thought you wouldn't be in my life for a long time." Hermione let out a breathy laugh. "I suppose so. The future is ever changing, but I'm glad to have you with me." Harry smiled a radiant smile at her. He leaned forward and pressed a chaste kiss on her cheek. Hermione blushed. "I didn't think you'd be so forward." He laughed. "With anybody else I wouldn't be. But it's you. I'm glad to have you with me too." This was the first ever thing I had attempted to write that I took seriously. I worked on it on and off between other projects, and eventually put it down because I could see no foreseeable end to it. But eventually, I did pick it back up again, and I'm really happy with this particular one-shot, mostly because I had so many chances to edit it and cut out things I wasn't happy with. I don't know why I chose Harry and Hermione as the couple, but I think for this scenario, it works. I was also able to be rather flexible with this too, considering the setting I had chosen. My Neighbor Totoro does not belong to me, it belongs to Studio Ghibli. I don't own Studio Ghibli either. Also, for those of you that want to know, I'm much more active on HPFF. I've got a lot more of my writing published there if anybody wants to check that out.