a pan into a stovetop espresso pot, dumped some powder in, and set it on one of the still-smoldering chairs. The smell of brewing coffee soon filled the tent. Hermione watched in awe. "Harry, what have you done?" "I know you have this thing for Muggle coffee sometimes. Frankly, I remember it from the Dursleys too." "I never knew you noticed. It actually," her eyes watered slightly, "reminds me of my parents. They'd have a cup together almost every morning, with a pot almost just like that. Sometimes for an after-dinner dessert too." "I saw it." He didn't need to say another word. Hermione was dumbfounded. How well did he really know her? Harry had only seen her parents a few times, and Ron would never have picked up on a detail like that. "So, uh, I got this too." He pulled his hand from behind his back in a sort of ta-da! motion, revealing the pumpkin pie he had acquired at the pub. She couldn't help letting out a little squeal of delight. "Pumpkin? Oh Harry, it's been a long time since I've had it. You know Ron doesn't like it." "Neither does Ginny. She's into some sort of orange soda thing. I could never quite figure out how that makes a proper dessert." Hermione bent down and sniffed, hints of cinnamon and nutmeg bringing a small grin to her face. "It looks wonderful. Where on earth did you find it?" "I was kind of shocked that they had it at a Muggle pub. I think the cook must be American or something." He chuckled to himself. "The barman nearly fell over when I said I wanted the whole pie." As Harry sliced up the pie, Hermione set about bringing order to the scorched tent. She kept stealing glances at Harry, still not quite believing what had happened between them. Struggling to concentrate as she smiled to herself, she was finally able to repair the fire damage on almost everything. The table beside the bed was a lost cause, though. She shrugged and magically whisked the ashes out the tent door. Settling down to face a steaming cup of coffee, she patiently awaited her surprise treat. But Harry wasn't quite finished. He somehow managed to create a bowl and whisk from their smattering of random kitchen equipment. A couple of minutes later, he was ready to fling a generous dollop of whipped cream on each of two large slices of pumpkin pie. As they tasted it, neither spoke for a while, aside from a few involuntary moans of delight. "This," Hermione struggled to not talk with her mouth full even as she took another bite, "is really good." He gazed at her in outright adoration. "Potter?" "Huh?" "You're doing it again. You did the same thing earlier today. If you don't stop, I'll start thinking you have some weird fetish for watching people eat." "Hermione, I could watch you do nothing at all... for hours," he said dreamily. "Okay, okay. Let's not get too sappy here." She said it with a tone of derision, though Harry could tell she privately loved the sentiment. "Yeah, sorry. I'm just really enjoying our break from, well, everything right now." He took a forkful of his pie, reached across the table, and offered it to her lips. "Harry?" "Humor me." "Okay." She took the bite from his fork, knowing that this was quite simply the most saccharine romantic scene she could ever imagine. But she was wrong, for a moment later she saw his eyes shining brightly at her. She didn't get the joke until he reached across the table and cupped her face with his hand. As she leaned into the soft gesture, he smiled and wiped a drop of whipped cream off of her nose with his thumb, before shrugging and licking his hand clean. She had to roll her eyes at that. "I really do love you, Hermione." She looked down, taking in the perfection of all that had transpired. "I... I love you so much. And I hate this War so much. Oh, it's a crazy world." She didn't want to go back to it, didn't want to leave this moment. The melancholy came into her voice again. "Maybe we should just stay here, Harry... grow old." "Let's not think about-" Harry started, also not wanting to leave the moment. But she interrupted. "Anything can happen. I mean, if something should keep us apart, wherever they put you and wherever I'll be, I want you to know that..." she stopped, unsure how to even convey the depth of her emotion right now. Finally, she looked up and met his eyes with a plea, "Kiss me." Surprised at herself now, she grew bolder. "Kiss me as if it were the last time." Harry was shocked by her words, but needed no further invitation. He took her hand again as they stood together, then literally swept her off her feet and laid her gently upon the bed, their bed . They kissed for a long while, now more gently than before, savoring the new love between them. This time, no sparks erupted around them, just the subtle fires in their eyes and the warmth of their bodies. But they grew tired quickly; there would be other days to explore further. Harry and Hermione hadn't slept well in ages, and they slowly drifted off to sleep, spooned together, arms wrapped as tightly as they could be around each other. Harry's last thought was a repudiation of that morning's gloom: I'll never feel cold like that again. It was very dark. A couple of hours after they had fallen asleep, near the stroke of midnight – had there been a clock around to sound it – a distinct flare and pop sputtered on the table. Little did they know that Hermione's last statement might become more true than they could ever imagine, as the remainder of the pie magically vanished into thin air.