"Isn't he being hurting Master Harry Potter?" "No Dobby, he is my innocent godfather." The voice in his head took offence at Sirius being described as innocent. "I am going to live with him as soon as we can get his name cleared." Dobby pondered over the offer and then nodded vigorously. The three humans felt quite a bit nauseous at the sight. "Dobby works!" "Good!" Harry gave Dobby a galleon. "That's your advance payment." Dobby looked at the gold coin in awe and wonder, and Hermione wondered whether he would bite it and mutter, "Shiny!" "Say Dobby, why do you shake your head so vigorously all the time?" A blissful expression spread across Dobby's face. "It is being feeling go-o-o-o-d!" "Master Harry Potter Sir's dogfather is being waking up!" squealed an excited voice near the great bearlike dog's head, causing him to bark on impulse. Dobby went on with his introduction. "Master Harry Potter is being asking Dobby to help Sirius Black! Dobby is being helping." Sirius' brow creased. He never really liked the house-elves, but this one seemed fanatically devoted to Harry. Perhaps it would be good for him to take this one on. Merlin knew Kreacher was a blot on House-elves as he knew them. With this sort of help, he could get Moony to help him help Harry become strong and self-sufficient. Nobody really knew why they all pulled prank so much. Pranksters were always underestimated and ignored in the larger scheme of things. And if Harry's Patronus driving away Dementors was an indicator, Harry was constantly getting into trouble – rather was hounded by it. Sirius knew it was time to initiate the Prongslet into the noble art. And Moony had to help. And Dobby was willing to help. "Thank you Dobby. I would like it if you could help me around here." "Great Master Harry Potter Sir's dogfather is as great as him!" Dobby squealed. Sirius only grinned uneasily under the onslaught of the capitalised words. The werewolf, who had been chased off from his best job (though not the highest paying – that had been when he had been a bodyguard for a political bigwig in muggle Japan) till date, had barely placed his bags on the decrepit hovel he had to call home, when an elf popped in and declared that he had a letter from "Great Master Harry Potter Sir's dogfather for the wolfie." The elf had then popped off before Moony could so much as raise an eyebrow at that. Moony, How are you, mate? I am sorry for the job, I heard about you losing it. Unfortunately or fortunately, depending upon your perspective, it has come at a time when I need your help. Not for me, you know? It's mainly for the Prongslet. Do you know anything about Prongslet's first two years at Hogwarts? I get the idea that everything is not hunky dory. Have you realised that Prongslet lives with the Walrus and the Mare? Something's really fishy. If you are willing, I have ample place in the Black Country Home in Devon. I intend to help Prongslet live, and continue with the traditions of the Marauders, as an aside. It was a relief meeting you again, mate. If you think you can help, this letter doubles up as a portkey, and you'd know the password of course... Yours in brotherhood, Padfoot. Remus felt troubled for all of a minute. He had so many choices to make. It all came down to a few things. Should he go live with his brother who had distrusted needlessly for twelve years? Was it necessary to help the Prongslet? The answers to both questions were resoundingly yes. So Moony took the portkey. Harry was sitting on the... whatever it was that passed for his bed with a goofy grin. Between Hermione and Sirius, he had had quite a lot to feel happy about. Sirius had promised to get in touch within a fortnight, and it had given Harry hope. The enlisting of Dobby further bolstered it. And he was right to hope. A howler had made its way to the Dursley household three days before which had given them an ultimatum regarding any untoward treatment of Harry. It had also made the three walk, jump, hop and skip on each successive stride for two days. "Master Harry Potter Sir!" squeaked the elf. "I is brings letter from Master Paddy!" Harry leapt with outstretched hands and tore it open. Mr. Harry James Potter, The Prongs-Moony-Padfoot Foundation (hereafter referred to as PMPF) is pleased to offer you a two month intensive internship. Under the tutelage of our esteemed professors, Sirius Black and Remus Lupin, you will be given hands on experience in the noble art of trouble-making and its tactical uses. For your perusal, the objectives of the course have been enumerated below. · Making trouble. · Getting into trouble. · Getting out of trouble. · Getting others into trouble. · Choosing the better of two troubles to get into. · Pulling pranks: an art form. · Lying through your teeth in benign circumstances. · Making light of every situation. · Going under the radar. · Faux chivalry as a Champion of troublemakers. Should you so choose to accept, you will be required to solemnly swear that you won't be up to any good as soon as you wake up every morning and summon the elf-express. We wish you the very best, and look forward to embellishing our acquaintance with an exchange of knowledge and honing of talent, inherited or otherwise. Yours in chaos, M/s. Moony and Padfoot This was awesome! Sirius and Professor Lupin were coming through, just as he wanted to. A new thought struck Harry. He could return to Privet Drive as late as he wished and pull the wool over Dumbledore's eyes and the old man wouldn't be able to complain. Sirius was really going to help him. This was surely going to be the best summer ever!