me to save. "I fled from my village. I am not a good man, will never be a good man. I burned alive my enemies and joined an organization that erased entire towns from a map. Cheaters, murderers, kidnappers, I was part of the very filth that crawls at the bottom of society, and I spied, I gathered their trust and threw it away for my village. Everything for my village." Harry drew in a breath. Expectations too heavy to bear placed upon a man too young, too loyal to his society. Harry had been there, once, burdened with a task that sucked everything out of him and left him only striving to survive afterwards. "But that's not why you're here." Ace gestured towards the bar. "That's not why you can't move on." Itachi shook his head. "I do not regret those actions, no. I regret what I did to my brother. "His name is Sasuke. He was always a bright, lively child, and I loved him more than anything in the world. When I burned down my clan, I left him, told him to find me, to kill me. I regret telling him that, because I'm the one who corrupted him, who shoved him into a path that led to betrayal. I deliberately blinded him to the truth, because I didn't think he could handle it. I pushed him to grow strong, to chase me and kill me. "I put the responsibility of my death in his hands. I told him to kill his own brother, to commit fratricide, so that I could gain my own closure. I was selfish and thought only of myself, how I would leave the world, and forgot that I'd be leaving behind a grieving brother, one that I'd placed an unfair burden on. And I regret that every minute of every day." Harry said, mildly, "Regret can't change your actions." Itachi flinched, and Harry put down the glass he was polishing. Sometimes, to move on, someone needed cold, hard truth, not flowery reassurances. "You made mistakes, and it impacted people important to you. What are you looking for, forgiveness? Redemption? You won't get it here. You're dead." Silence. "I have…had, a brother. Luffy. He wasn't smart, and he was kind of an idiot, and I used to get mad at him all the time. We weren't blood brothers, but we were family. He was a persistent little shit, and I love him for it. I can't imagine my life without him. "I died for him, you know. Jumped right in front of a killing blow, saved his ass, and I don't regret it. I'd do it time and time again, even if I know that Luffy would mourn my loss afterwards. He might blame himself for killing me, even though it's not his fault, but I know that he'll move on eventually. I know that he'll accept my death, and he'll be strong, because he's always been strong. "Our situations might not be the same, but I know that my brother will survive, will live on, and will remember me. I know that he'll forgive me, because we may not be blood brothers, but we're family, and we'll always be family, no matter what happens. Your brother's family too, and it might take him a really long time, but he'll come to peace eventually too." "You truly believe so?" Itachi asked quietly. "I know so. Because we're family." Ace clapped Itachi on the shoulder. "Have faith in that." "You'll get another chance to meet him again, to settle your score in the Beyond, once he has passed as well," Harry said. "You'll find each other again." Itachi sighed, and with it the burden on his shoulders seemed to lift. "I still regret what I did." "And you will forever regret what you did. But now, you can only look forward, let what happens in the living world happen, and wait. Trust in the fact that, despite everything, you're family, and one day, in the Beyond, you'll meet again, and you can talk then. Can you do that?" Itachi nodded, and a small smile played around his mouth. He finished his water. "I can. It will take time, and my brother may never accept my apology, but that is his choice. I can try to be the brother he deserves." Harry smiled. "Good." Ace grinned, wide and brilliant. "C'mon, we'll go together. It's always nice to go on long journeys with someone else, isn't it?" Ace asked as he stood resolutely. He saluted Harry casually and winked. "Thanks for everything." "You're welcome." Harry gathered their glasses to rinse. Itachi stood as well and followed Ace. Ace disappeared into the pitch darkness with a final wave, but Itachi hung back. "Will you tell my brother…if you see Sasuke, will you tell him that I'm sorry, and that I have always and always will love him?" Harry chuckled. "Tell him yourself when you see him." Itachi paused, the smallest worry stalling his departure. "You truly believe that I will meet him again, despite all I've done." "Itachi, you may not be a good man, but all men are equal in death, and all arrive at the Beyond, where everyone else in the universe goes," Harry replied gently. "You'll find him again eventually, and you can make amends with him again there." Itachi nodded, last doubts laid to rest. "Thank you." The door closed with a jingling sound. A family. It'd been a while since he'd thought about family. Harry went back to organizing the liquor, heart a little lighter. XxX A/N: I haven't actually read/watched as far as Itachi's death, so all backstory is from other fanfiction, so I'm sorry for anything that's not actually canon. Same with Ace's death. I might consider making this a series of standalones (no promises, because I always have these ideas and then never get around to writing them). Thank you for reading, and reviews are always welcome. Sincerely, haplesshippo