was heard by everyone. "What?" a loud many times 'what' echoed? Dumbledore was on his feet in an instant, "Everybody let's go...and James calm your wife I'm sure they will be fine." James was connected to the powerful words that were protecting the Potter Manor and in other words, if an intruder tries to enter the house or try to break the wards, he will be informed instantly by a magical signal. When he felt someone tried to enter his house and after some time when he felt the wards that were around the Potter Manor disappeared he knew that this is the work of the Dark Lord and Peter Pettigrew their best friend and Potter family's secret keeper. And to think that one of their own, one of the Marauders would betray them it was quite shocking. 'No matter, you have chosen your side Pettigrew from no own we are enemies and one day I will kill you myself.' James took his trembling in his arms and tried to calm her down while they apparated outside of Hogwarts with the Longbottom, Dumbledore, and Sirius. Out of nowhere, six figures appeared. They took their wands and cast some protective wards around the sight. James and Lily followed by Sirius entered the Manor through the main gate while Frank and Alice stayed outside Dumbledore was detecting any magical signatures that were some moments ago. "Almond...Harry...oh god! Please be safe!" Lily cried as she looked around the house that was covered in smoke and smell of dust. James and Sirius waved their wands cleaning the air and strode forward following the loud cries of the children, at least now they know one of them is alive. Upon reaching upstairs the first thing they saw was a window on the left side of the nursery shattered, wood splinters and pieces of glass were everywhere. There, not far away from the window Almond was sitting in his crib with a bleeding forehead crying. Lily rushed towards the son and took him in her arms feeling his hot breath on the mouth. "Where is Harry?" she asked scared as she looked everywhere for her youngest son. "He is here." James replied, he turned around facing Lily and her breath hitched. She saw a limping body covered in blood in James's arms. "Is he...?" "Alive!" James completed her sentence and she sighed in relief. She stood up when she noticed Sirius staring at the floor his hands trembling. Lily and her husband shared a look. James was about to speak when Dumbledore made his presence known. He looked around and his eyes fell on the dark black robes covered in ashes and his eyes widened. He looked at the Potters and said, "How are they?" "They are fine." James replied. Dumbledore nodded and levitated the black robes in the air and examined it. Sirius who was silent until now spoke. "Headmaster is that?" Dumbledore nodded and the adult's eyes widened. "So he was here?" Lily questioned, and Dumbledore nodded, he knew what they were talking about he looked around his eyes capturing everything anything that seems important when his eyes traveled and stopped on Harry Potter's bleeding forearm. Dumbledore cleaned the blood from his forearm and when he looked closer his eyes widened. "It can't be...it's not possible..." he took several steps backward and stared at Harry with shock. "What is it Albus, what did you see?" James asked as he examined his son's forearm himself...and he got his answer. "No... NONONONO, it's not possible!" James covered face with his hands, breathing deeply and then he heard Lily's scream and there is nothing he can do Sirius who had a grim expression on his face turned to Dumbledore and said, "Isn't there anything you can do Headmaster?" He pleaded. Dumbledore looked apologetic, "I'm sorry I don't think I know something that can remove the dark mark from his skin. There was a purpose behind it; he gave a dark mark to a one-year-old child is quite surprising and in simple words, he made Harry Potter the youngest child who received a dark mark." "Maybe he wanted to use him against us in the future that's why he marked Almond his equal and gave Harry a dark mark." James reasoned. "And how do you know that Almond is the boy who vanquished the Dark Lord." Dumbledore questioned. "Because he doesn't have any injury except the mark on his forehead and Harry has many injuries as well as magical exhaustion too, that's why he is still unconscious." Dumbledore nodded "you have a good point James and I think you are right. But I'm worried about Harry." "And what about him?" Lily's spoke, her voice was shaky and teary. "The dark mark was given to those who willingly submit themselves to the dark side. Harry here accepted the dark mark means that his soul and his body accepted it. And you know what this means, this means that there is a chance Harry might turn evil or another Dark Lord or Voldemort right-hand man in the future." Dumbledore was interpreted by Lily. "But he is only one-year-old how you can say such thing about him!" and Lily was interpreted by Dumbledore "Voldemort was a one-year-old child too and no one knew that he will become the Dark Lord." "So what do you suggest?" Sirius said. "Keep Harry Potter away as much as we can." And with those words, the faith of Harry Potter was sealed. He will be neglected, ignored and frowned upon not only by his own parents and family members but the whole wizarding world. But that was the unknown mistake that Albus Dumbledore did and because of this mistake Harry Potter will become a wizard no one ever thought he would become and then a time will come and it will be up to him to him to decide whether he want to become the savior of the wizarding world or destroyer of the wizarding world...