this old woman had taste. Dumbledore found it in perfect condition for them. "Miss Granger may I suggest getting rid of the guest room and making it into luxuriously padded and windowless cell for when Remus changes into his wolf form. He will then be able to do all he can in there without actually causing himself or anyone else any damage. I mean the room can be something else during the days when he isn't suffering and you can just remove the stuff at that time!" he said as she agreed. "Yes it certainly beats having him in a cage. Can I ask if the gemino curse can be used for anything else other then what was originally intended?" she asked him as he looked curiously at her. "What did you intend to use it for Miss Granger?" he asked her. "Well I wanted to use it to copy or multiply items. I imagine that rich purebloods don't want to have to keep buying and or making potions or else they'd all go mad. I also imagine they use a charm so they can multiply the potion or whatever it is so it's always in stock shall we say. I wanted to do that with the wolfsbane potion for Remus if I could!" she said logically. "I am afraid you couldn't do it that way no. I'll tell you what I'll have Severus make some and tell him to leave the cauldron out when it's ready in a large space. We then need to multiply the cauldrons and therefore the ingredients within. It's an arduous process but it would work. Actually we can go now and do it as I've just remembered I asked him to make some a few days ago and it should be ready now!" he said as he aparated them over to the school where Snape was waiting with the potion ready. "Stand back Severus as we're making the room larger. Now Miss Granger I will do as asked of me earlier but have you somewhere to store the vials?" he asked as she said she did. He multiplied the cauldrons and was able to get one thousand two hundred vials of potion to put in her undetectably extended bag. This would last Remus his whole life now so they never needed to bother worrying about having it again. They then returned to the Headquarters where everyone was waiting. "Now everything has been sorted Remus and we have enough vials of Wolfsbane to last you your whole life. Now I have some job proposals to hand out and I need everyone to listen to me. Now as we know the world is constantly evolving and so I've developed a new class which will be taunt permanently to everyone and will be on both the OWLS and NEWTS. This class is called International Ancient Studies. It focus' mainly on the different magical techniques used all over the globe and will focus on everything from spell casting, to potion making and Defense against the Dark Arts and so on. I would like to offer the permanent teaching role of this new subject to Hermione Granger. Also I wish to offer the permanent role of Defense Against the Dark Arts professor to Remus Lupin. Now should you both accept the roles you would be living on campus in term time and then in your own home off campus during the holidays. Ginevra Weasley I wish to offer you the role of Charms Professor teaching first to fifth years for their OWLS as Professor Flitwick will be teaching and focusing solely on all NEWT classes as is his preference. Sirius Black I also offer you the same role in Transfiguration's as Minerva here will be focusing more on NEWT classes and her vice head duties. I have two more roles to dole out and then we may all move on. I've developed another class which will also be examined called Cartography Construction studies and it is in this class that people will learn all about woodworking and the functions and design of maps. I want Ronald Weasley to teach this subject as he would be the perfect candidate for the job. The theory for this class will of course include the making of potions and usage of spells to garner the desired results. Lastly this will cause some friction but to be honest I don't care. For most of his life Severus has wished to own his own apothecary shop where he can make and sell potions and so I am granting him his wish. He doesn't know this yet as it will be a surprise. Therefore I would like to offer Mr Harry Potter the job of Potions Professor and head of Slytherin House. I do realise you weren't in Slytherin House but Silas the hat informs you would have been had you not asked to be placed elsewhere. What do you all think?" asked Dumbledore as Molly cried. At last her children would have great jobs and she needn't worry about them anymore. Naturally everyone accepted with joy. As everyone got up to leave Remus came over to talk to Hermione. "Hermione I am sorry you have been lumbered with me. Please try not to get in the way as I don't want to hurt you at any point should I need to transform!" he said as she smiled at him. "With what we've got planned you may not be hurting anyone any time soon! Don't worry about the marriage. It is a shock but we will work through this don't you worry. Also with all of the wolfsbane potion for all your life you'll never need to worry about hurting anyone as you'll always be in your right mind when you change from now on" she said as they left arriving at the school in order to settle in to their new quarters and adjust to the fact that they would have to be married soon.