flying. My cottage was perfectly suited to me in every way - if you ignored how well fitted out the kitchen was - with enough surrounding land and forests that the wards at the boundary to shield my flying probably seemed like overkill. I quickly retrieved my broom from the renovated firewood shed nestled behind my back door and made my way up the beaten path that lead to the open space on the crest of the hill where I preferred to run my drills. It was a cold morning, but I ignored the numbing sensation slowly creeping through my body as I began my warm up stretches. My breath fogged in front of me with every exhalation, and I could feel my muscles stretching blissfully beneath my skin as I pulled them in every direction. I was only halfway through my first set of sit ups when I spotted Hermione waddling her way toward me from my cottage. Suppressing a groan, I pushed myself to finish the set and begin my push ups. Hermione was almost breathing as heavily as I was by the time she reached me, and I was already up to my shuttle runs. "You really need to find somewhere better to practice!" she called to me as I whipped past. "It's just... a little hill," I told her between my ragged panting as I dropped to the ground again, starting my second set of sit ups. "I think we need to go over your interview-" "I'm busy," I told her without dropping my pace, though my muscles were already screaming at me because I was pushing so hard today. She gave me an exasperated look. "Ginny, this is important." "Well, so is my career." "I know you're probably embarrassed-" "Embarrassed?" That stopped me mid-push up, and I stared at her incredulously. "Why would I be embarrassed?" Hermione's expression went blank. "You mean, you haven't seen it yet?" I flipped over, looking up at her from the ground, a cold feeling of dread washing over me. "Seen what?" She reluctantly pulled out copies of Play Witch and Witch Weekly, and I only had a moment to ponder why she seemed to have an endless supply of print media stashed on her person before I caught sight of their latest covers. On the first there was a picture of a younger me - three years younger, to be exact - being thrown out of a pub just as Rosmerta had accused me of that same morning. My face was viciously contorted as I struggled against the security guard's grip on my arm before accidentally hitting one of the gawking onlookers. I'd frozen in my tracks the moment that poor person had gone down, but of course the photo only began to replay itself from there. Feminazis: Taking No Casualties Why Feminism Is Harmful To You and Your Women Feeling my anger starting to boil, I reluctantly glanced over the Witch Weekly cover, which was, arguably, worse: Ginny Weasley Lashes Out Against Her Mother In Exclusive Interview: " What self-respecting woman would agree to [marriage], anyway." And of course the magazine had somehow gotten ahold of the photo of me accidentally knocking into Mum at Ron and Hermione's wedding, and of course the angle made it look like I'd shoved her to the ground on some drunken rampage. "One of my siblings is going to be murdered tonight," I told Hermione through gritted teeth. "And hopefully before Mum manages to get her hands on me ." "Well it certainly wasn't me," she replied with a wry expression. "Guess who wrote the articles?" Almost manically gleeful that I hadn't left my wand back home today, I pulled it out and blasted the magazines to pieces. "Feel better?" Hermione asked me. "Not really," I said as I sat down, letting my head fall to rest on my knees. "Some people really need to get lives." "It's not so bad," She said, trying to comfort me, but we both knew she was lying to make me feel better. "We just need to deflect attention from you." "Oh, yeah? Do you have photos from another Falmouth Falcons sex scandal up your sleeve?" "That wasn't quite the distraction I was thinking of." Hermione shuffled uncomfortably. "Maybe if you and Harry-" "No," I cut her off vehemently, returning to my push-ups. "No way." "Okay, okay. How about you just avoid interviews for now until all this blows over, and we can focus on getting some of the Ministry's benefactors on our side instead?" I nodded in agreeance. We needed to derail this ridiculous law before the Ministry managed to brainwash anyone else. "Sure. Who do we start with?" Hermione didn't look me in the eye, and I knew this was going to be bad. "The Malfoys." Ignoring my sudden urge to throw up, I focused on the fact that I would rather become Lucius Malfoy's live-in maid than be forced to marry anyone. "Give me a time and date and I'll be there." xxxxx ADDITIONAL A/N: I really, really hate Marriage Fics. REALLY hate them. They are the bane of my existence for several reasons, which I won't bore you with. Just know that Marriage Fics are THE WORST EVER. *coughs* So. This is my take on a realistic (in my opinion) series of events preceding the implementation of a "Marriage Law", and I freely admit that my knowledge of these legal concepts is minimal, so I will be avoiding the fine details as much as possible. Please give me feedback as I haven't decided whether or not this should be continued, and let me know how you feel about Feminist!Ginny. To clarify, I'm intentionally misrepresenting Feminism in this story, to an extent. It's for Ginny's character growth, and the clue is in the title and summary. I don't want to neglect my other WIP regardless, and I won't be, but this is also a plot I would love to work on in future.