respected House," the Minister begged. "Would I like to join the House of a man who just called me a mudblood, whose son has tormented me for four years and has racially abused me for all that time, and who, in spite of your protestations that it isn't true, is a Death Eater – an active Death Eater? No. And you can't make me, unless you are willing to make a law that destroys your career. You are no more a Minister for Magic than Voldemort, that idiot, is dead." "HE IS DEAD!" "Get these shits to give me an Unbreakable Vow as I have written it, and I will accept it. I will even marry Malfoy." "Your honour and that of your advisors is at stake here, Cornelius," cautioned Dumbledore. "I want proof as well." He was happy to just back Ms. Granger up. She was performing wonderfully on her own. "Amelia, this can't be legal!" "What the Malfoys are asking for isn't. What Ms. Granger is asking for is." Hermione, for the first time in her life, saw a man getting punctured like a tyre. "You can prove it of course, Lucius. Let's show them that they are liars." "ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND CORNELIUS? I AM NOT GIVING SOME MUGGLEBORN AN UNBREAKABLE VOW!" "Liar, liar," sang Hermione, uncharacteristically. "DON'T YOU DARE CALL MY FATHER A LIAR, YOU MUDBLOOD! I WILL MAKE YOU MY WHORE AND THEN THE DARK LORD WILL DESTROY YOU!" "Yes!" exulted Hermione, very quietly. "Now, I must insist on a Vow," demanded Amelia. "Cornelius, you have heard it." "Yes." He seemed close to tears. "Give her the Vow, you idiotic oaf," cried Andromeda. "I want to see the Vow in action. I believe that this reticence shows that You-Know-Who killed my son," growled Amos. He then physically forced Malfoy to his knees. Hermione just extended her hand daintily, with a smile. "If you'd consent to be the bonder, Madam Bones, or Mr. Diggory, I'd be very obliged. I would request the others to not interfere. Failing that, I will fire reductor curses at you." "I will," agreed Amelia, even as Fudge purpled. Lucius intended for this to be a proverbial shotgun wedding to destroy the mudblood. He was instead being shepherded into a shotgun Vow. It was just a set of three Vows. "Lucius Malfoy, do you, henceforth, promise to answer every question without a lie and without prevarication?" The wand of Amos Diggory was subtly pointed at his head. He was required to say yes. "If by the end of that questioning, you are proven to be a supporter of and helper of the wizard called Voldemort, you will give up all information regarding all the other Death Eaters and then have your, your son's and your wife's magic bound, before you are sent to Azkaban? You will go to Azkaban as a muggle? You will not attempt to save either your wife or your son? You will have them accompany you to Azkaban?" "Yes." He was dead, as were Draco and Narcissa. Either way they were dead. "In that case will you sign over all the Malfoy wealth to Remus John Lupin? Will you submit, to Madam Bones personally, the entire information regarding the bribes you or your associates have given to any Ministry official of any position?" "Yes." They unclasped hands. Cornelius looked at them horrified. The Malfoy wealth could pass into the hands of a werewolf? Worse still, he would be going down! Lucius and Draco on the other hand looked at Hermione with sheer hatred. "Are there any male Veela? Why was I supposedly the mate?" "No. We just wanted to destroy Potter by destroying you." "There we go. See, Minister? Next question. Are you an active Death Eater?" "Yes." "When did Voldemort rise? Was Harry telling the truth?" "Yes. The Dark Lord is not dead. He was resurrected on the 24th of June this year." "Who killed Cedric Diggory? Has this person committed any crimes with reference to Potters and Sirius Black?" "Yes. Peter Pettigrew helped resurrect the Dark Lord. He betrayed the Potters to him and framed Sirius Black. He was the one who killed Cedric Diggory." Cornelius Fudge fainted. Amos Diggory snarled at Lucius. Amelia shrieked triumphantly. "Who sent the Dementors to attack Harry Potter?" "Dolores Umbridge did. It was my idea." "Is it possible to accept the Dark Mark under the Imperius Curse?" "Yes. But it has to be reapplied every week. It doesn't hold otherwise." "Who gave Ginny Weasley the diary of Tom Riddle?" Behind her Dumbledore choked on a sherbet lemon. "I did." "Why?" "I wanted all you mudbloods dead, you BITCH!" "That ends the questioning." Amelia ran up to the girl and despite being an inch shorter physically lifted her and twirled her around before kissing her forehead. It was official. Madam Bones was in love. "Why?" cried Draco. "I had done nothing!" "Because you sought to hurt people very precious to me," replied Hermione with a cruel smile. "And because if I leave you free now, you will try and seek revenge for your father, while thinking it to be a massively righteous thing to do. You brought the war to the school. I am ending it." She turned to Madam Bones. "Did you know that Dolores Umbridge tortures Harry with blood quills?" * Hermione is rational for the most part, and doesn't believe in Malfoy having a 'good' side, a la HBP. Or rather, she is the real pre-HBP Hermione. * Yes, Sirius is abusive towards Kreacher. He was brought up a pureblood and is superimposing another traitor onto the miserable elf. The two facts together do not make for a good Sirius, in that situation. * Please remember that this is a crack-fic. In Crack-fics people don't necessarily do what they usually would. This is fun poked at the stupid trope. * This is just something till I come up with the next chapter of The Great Manipulator.