years," Fred said. "Ha ha. I meant tonight." Fred shrugged. "Pretty well. She's a great girl, it's nice to be going with a friend." "If you hurt her, I swear to Merlin that I will hex you to pieces." Angelina's eyes flashed, and Fred remembered suddenly how frightening she could be at times. "Duly noted. But I think that Katie would be able to take care of herself," he added with a wry grin. "I didn't say that she couldn't. I just wanted to let you know that I'll help to take care of her, as you so put it." Fred winced. "The both of you after me? I'll be sure to watch my step. What about you and George?" "What about us?" "Well, you certainly were determined to get away from my brother." "More like I was determined to get at least one dance with you," Angelina said. "Am I that irresistible?" "Hardly." She looked up at Fred, eyebrows raised. "I just thought that it was appropriate to have at least one dance with the bloke who asked me out in the first place." Fred stopped dancing. He stared at her, mouth open but unable to say a word. "We're going to get stepped on if you don't start moving again," Angelina said. "Come on Weasley, dance." "You knew?" Fred asked, going back into an unsteady waltz. Angelina laughed wryly. "I think we just went over the fact that despite what you might think, I am not stupid, thank you very much." "How did you-" "You know, when you can tell people apart, it's very easy to notice that the wrong brother comes up to you asking about meeting times and corsage colors. Besides, you looked like you had something up your sleeve when you asked me, and George looked like you had just stabbed him in the back." "And you still went with him?" "Of course I did. If I accepted a date from either one of you and didn't expect something to go weirdly, I'd be crazy. Besides," Angelina looked at him critically, "like I said, I think I got the better end of the deal." "Well, I'm glad that my attempt at matchmaker has left all parties satisfied." Fred looked down at her. "Does George know?" "Not yet." "You're going to tell him?" Angelina nodded. "Soon." She paused, then looked him in the eye. "Why did you do it?" Fred smirked. "Because sometimes you have to push George a little for his own good." They danced for a few minutes, and then he looked over at her. "How angry are you?" "Angry?" Angelina cocked her head. "Not much, I suppose. I guess I've come to expect it from you two. Besides, I've had a good evening." Noticing her small smile, Fred grinned mischievously. "I do brighten up even the darkest of nights." "Very funny, Fred." the dance music ended, and Fred escorted her to his brother and his own date. "Here we are, George - and be good with her. I think she's a keeper." "I asked her out to the next Hogsmeade weekend." George's low voice cut through the quiet of the Sixth Year Boys' Dorm. Most of the other sixth year boys were in bed with the drapes closed. The twins had cast a Silencing Charm around their beds when they came in, allowing them the luxury of free speech. Fred looked up from the tie pin he was unfastening. "And?" "She said yes." "Congratulations, brother of mine!" Fred grinned, and loosened his tie, before he draped it on the headboard of his bed. "Make sure that you invite me to the wedding, all right?" He ducked from the sock that flew past his head. George glared at him, but there wasn't very much venom behind it. "It's one date, not an engagement." "Sure, sure." Fred grinned and started taking off his own shoes. "I'll be your best man, right?" "You sound like Mum. I haven't even gone on a proper date with Angelina, and here you are planning the wedding." Fred snorted, but they were quiet as they undressed and got into bed. Fred turned off the low light with a quick wave of his wand, and he was about to drift off to sleep, when George's whisper cut through the darkness. "Fred?" "Mmm?" "You'll always be my best man." Fred grinned, but didn't answer, and soon the two fell asleep. A few years later, George stood in front of a mirror, adjusting his tie with shaking hands. Is it straight? he thought. It has to be straight - it has to be perfect for today. Yes, Georgie, it's straight . He could almost hear the smirk that accompanied voice in his head. The ring , he thought. Where's the ring?! A frantic glance around the room, and the voice spoke again. In the box, on the table by your bed. George took a deep breath, and smoothed his dress robes. Calm down and fix your tie again. He looked at the red-haired reflection that stared back at him. If he tilted his head - just a little to the side - he could see him. A sad smile on his face, tie slightly crooked. He reached out to touch the image, but where their fingers met, they could only feel the cool glass. "You were right - we are getting married," he whispered to the young man in the mirror. "I guess I should thank you - you were the one who pushed us together in the first place." He stared into the brown eyes in the mirror, wishing to see that old familiar wink, the sparkle in them that he couldn't muster right now. "You know I'm not even having Lee stand in for you, right?" There was no answer - not even a nod or a grin from the reflection. Only a single tear that trickled down his face and a sad smile. "You'll always be my best man, Freddie."