from his parents. She had spent the rest of the train journey in a booth filled with other book readers looking for a place to read in silent. She felt comfortable being practically alone, as she left the train she saw a boy she swore she recognized talking to a giant. A real giant! Well…she assumed he was a giant, although from the books she read he seemed a little too short, she shrugged her shoulders and just followed the crowd. She could feel a pair of eyes on her as she walked and assumed they belonged to Draco. As they got to the boats to take them up to the castle she felt a hand on her shoulder stopping her from getting into a boat. 'Why not come with us Rosette?' She laughed as she saw Draco with his group of sneering friends behind us. 'I'm sure there isn't enough room for us to all fit into the small boats. But thanks for the offer.' She smirked at him as she got into the boat she was previously getting in to leaving Draco and his friends behind. His friends all surrounding him, trying to get an understanding why he seemed so fixated on this new strange girl. They finally got to the castle and Rose began to hear the whispers surrounding a boy who had survived some kind of attack. She was trying to listen to all of the whispers as they were making their way up the stairs and finally felt at ease when she saw Professor McGonagall. She looked regal in her long black cloak, she looked much better now than she did back on her porch 3 weeks back before school started. 'Quiet please!' her voice rang out until complete silence followed. Rose noticed Draco and his friends towards the front of the group of new students talking to the boy with glasses she had seen earlier with the giant. She felt intrigued as she still couldn't put a finger on where she recognised him from. She shook the thought as Professor McGonagall made Draco go back to his place in the group with a disgruntled look on his face. She contained her laugh that something had seriously rubbed him the wrong way. She could tell he was truly the spoilt rich kid, the complete opposite to her. 'Now all of my newest students. You will remain quiet as we enter through those large doors-' she pointed to the large wooden doors just to the left of her. '-And you shall show respect, only coming to the hat when you are called, we can then get you all sorted into your houses. I hope you are all truly ready for the challenges that being a student at Hogwarts brings.' She had a knowing smile playing on her lips. Small whispers and chatter began to rise again as Professor McGonagall went to make sure they were ready for us. 'It really is him!' Rose overheard a female student whisper behind her. 'Harry Potter. The boy who lived!' She was definitely intrigued to whom they were referring to, sighing mentally she was frustrated to once again feel like the only one who didn't know the secret or news. The group went silent again as Professor McGonagall came back with a smile. 'They're ready for you now.' The group of students began to move forward, just as the front were beginning to move she was sure she saw Draco looking around for her. She smirked as she knew she had really gotten under his skin. Once they had all congregated into the hall she took in the scenery. The high ceilings that seemed to have their own realm, the beautiful stone architecture of the walls. She smiled as she really looked around to take it all in, one by one the students get called up to the sorting hat. Draco was instantly placed into Slytherin, not even needing the hat to be properly placed on his head. He had a cocky smile on his face as he nodded at his friends and took his seat down at Slytherin's table. The hall suddenly went silent as the next student was called up. 'Harry Potter.' The boy she had been most curious about walked up to the stool slowly. He looked very uncomfortable, almost as if he didn't belong. She gripped her hand around the locket around her neck, she knew the feeling all too well. Everyone was watching him as carefully as they possibly could, even the headmaster had sat up straighter in his chair. Eventually he was placed into Gryffindor, a huge celebration could be heard from the Gryffindor table. He quickly rushed over to sit down with Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley, the two students that had been placed there shortly before him. They were all grinning like idiots and she let the locket in her hand go as she dropped her hand, admitting they weren't as alike as she thought. A few more students were called up and sorted before. 'Rosette Pridetail.' Professor McGonagall smiled at her as she made my way through the new students, she could her whispering around the hall. 'Is she muggleborn?' she sighed and rolled her eyes mentally as she stood in front of the stool. She thought she noticed the headmaster sit up slightly straighter like he had done for the Potter boy. She disregarded it and sat down on the stool. Well there we go, first chapter all done and dusted. I would really love to know everyone's opinion on this chapter. I do know which direction I am putting the story in but would really love to know everyone's thoughts. And I know what you all want to know – which house will Rosette be put into? – Well you will just have to wait until the next chapter comes out now won't you? -Evil smirk- Please remember to leave a review or message me directly with any queries!