are your plans now?" "I don't know," He shrugged. "Maybe to wait for all this to settle before going back to the fishing pond." "I see, well, the superiors granted your request," Harry nodded solemnly, "You are transferred and expected to be in the French Auror Force starting next month." "This early?" Surprised by the early approval of his requested promotion when he just sent the letter no more than two months ago. "Well, they have been having problems there. If I recall, some major prisoner escaped, they needed all the help they can get." Harry shook his head. "Why? Got a problem?" "No, it's fine. The sooner the better actually." Draco said as he eyed the newly-weds. Harry sighed as he watch the man in front of him. ' I've seen a man died, but I've never seen one died like this '. Shaking his head, "You really ought to cure that lovesickness of yours." Draco tsk-ed as he removed his eyes from the bride and went to scan the whole room. "You're the one to talk," he smirked, "You haven't even made your move yet with the Weasley girl." Harry shushed as girls giggled past them to go to the dance floor. "Dammit Draco, keep quit will you!" He blushed. To annoy the man further, he whistled, "Hey, look out Potter, it seems that McLaggen got his sights on your girl." Following the pale-blond man's gaze, the raven-haired saw another blond man trying to flirt with the ginger-haired maid of honor, who just finished her speech. "Bloody hell, see you later Malfoy." Harry said as he made plans on how to maim a certain blond man trying to pick up his date. "Yeah." Draco replied as he watched the figure of his partner, well soon-to-be ex-partner in the British Auror Force, disappear within the forming crowd. Draco looked at the bride and the groom again as they were instantly flocked by the people. Getting down from their elevation, they went to the dance floor and started their first dance as a married couple. ' She hates dancing and yet there she is ' he pondered. Seeing them happy made him remember the day he most regretted in his life, the day he tried to hide and accept that everything is alright and will always be. The day after the night gala, Draco Malfoy was drinking coffee in his cubicle while reviewing and rewriting his report about their recent mission when he received a letter brought by a familiar owl. Opening the said letter, he read. Drake, I'm in trouble. Remember that woman Potter's with in the previous gala? Well I think… I think I've fallen in love. I'm f***ing in love with a muggleborn. And I don't want to do anything but fall even more for her. Sh*t. My mother is gonna kill me, but hell I care. I know it's going to be worth it. Merlin, Draco. She's wonderful. She's the best. She's funny. Witty. Brainy. Beautiful. Too many things and feelings, I can't put into words. Sorry mate, I won't be able to join you in any more conquests. Your most handsome friend, Blaise PS. Sorry I sound so cheesy, but I'm too ecstatic to care. We're going out for dinner later. And I can't wait. Feeling a familiar but a bit different kind of ache and heaviness in his chest, he whisked away the letter into one of his drawers. Thinking of the previous night's activities, he can't help but daydream what ifs. ' Stop it, Draco. You shouldn't. Think of Blaise. He needs her. And you, you only want her. So don't fall. At least not too hard. ' "Draco?" The blond man snapped out of his thoughts as he looked at the woman standing outside his cubicle. "I figured that you haven't eaten, so I dropped by. And well," Astoria stuttered, "Want to go and have lunch with me?" She added, "I know you said last night that we are done, but I want to try and be friends again at least." "Sure." Draco answered half-heartedly, still lost in his thoughts. "Oh. Then let's go" She smiled reluctantly, surprised by the sudden acceptance but happy nonetheless. Standing up, he followed Astoria as they made for the door. ' And besides, she's muggleborn. Your family won't be too acquiescent with her. ' Looking at the woman walking beside him, he steered his contemplations away from the previous brunette and into the one whose now in front of him. ' Astoria. Astoria is a pure-blood. You'll be better off with her. ' The said woman, turned around, caught his stare and then smiled at him, he in turn nodded back and fastened his walking to catch up. And even with all his sour-graping, the ache in his chest didn't go away, in fact, it became heavier and more overwhelming each and every day. Until that day, when they both announced their engagement. He figured he can't live with the worsening lie anymore and broke things up with his then-girlfriend Astoria. And then proceeding to file a transfer to somewhere. ' Somewhere I won't see her or them. Anywhere is fine. Just far away .' Getting back to reality, he watched the dancing couple as they gaze upon one another with those loving eyes. ' Merlin. I feel like some sort of masochist. ' Sighing, he made his way to the exit of the reception hall. Taking one last look at the happy bride, his longing gaze unnoticed by everyone, he proceeded to open the doors and went out of the room. "May you always be satisfied." THE END Not a fan of BlaisexHermione but for this story… Yeah haha Can't really do anything bout it. Ohgahd. The song still hurts everytime I listen to it. Sorry this story doesn't really do justice to the pain and anguish I'm feeling. Anyway, let me know in the comments about how I did. I'd really appreciate it. THANKS