slumped over in the desk chair, head pounding. His mouth was dry as the desert, and tasted as if something had crawled inside and died. He groaned and sat up. Slowly the events of the night before came back to him. The last thing Severus remembered before falling asleep was Hermione's vague warning about the future. She had told him that there would come a time when a very unique antivenin was invented, and he should perhaps think about keeping some on his person at all times. She wouldn't say more than that. He glanced down at the desk to find the enchanted parchment gone. His stomach rolled with disappointment. It seemed his escape from reality had come to an end. Severus let out a long sigh, and returned to his quarters in the dungeons as quickly as he could, fortunately not running into any students on the way. As he showered and dressed for the day, after taking two hangover potions, he thought about everything the mysterious Hermione had told him. He thought of his future, and when he thought about the fact that she might be in it, he found himself reluctant to think of his death, rather than looking forward to it. How had one night and an enchanted parchment gotten to him so much? He was still the same man he had been the day before. He still felt overwhelmed with guilt when he thought about Lily. He still felt he deserved to be punished for her death, and everything else he had done. But underneath all of that, Severus felt a strange sensation in the pit of his stomach. Perhaps it was selfish, in fact, he knew it was, but buried beneath all of his self hatred and guilt, he felt a small glimmer of hope. Hope for the future. Hope that one day maybe he would redeem himself. He hated himself for it, but he clung to that little glimmer. And as he went about his day teaching, he was still the same dour, cantankerous man his students had come to know. He didn't go easier on them, he didn't change his daily habits, he didn't have a sudden change of heart and seek out the friendship of his colleagues. He still drank too much, ate too little, and slept too little. He lived on as the same Severus Snape. But something deep down inside had shifted. A small promise of the future. He would still do what needed to be done. But he would always hold onto the memory of the mysterious woman. The proof that he was brave enough to do the right thing, even if he had to give up his life to do it. Hermione woke up with a groan. She had fallen asleep slumped over in the desk chair, and her neck was sore from the awkward angle. Her breath was absolutely horrid, and she couldn't remember feeling more thirsty in her life. A large glass of water appeared on the desk. Thank god for the room of requirement , she thought, and emptied the glass in large gulps. She checked her watch, and saw she was nearly late for breakfast. Hermione jumped out of her seat and immediately groaned at the pain in her head. She'd had entirely too much whiskey the night before. Thinking of that reminded her of what had happened, and she glanced down at the desk, only to find it empty. The parchment was gone. Her heart clenched in her chest. At least she had gotten some sort of closure, even if it hadn't really been him. But something told her it was. Her cheeks flushed when she remembered some of the more flirtatious things she had written to him. Argh, that was embarrassing. No doubt the alcohol had had a hand in that. But she had to admit to herself, she had always had a bit of a confusing attraction towards the man. Hermione sighed deeply, and smoothed down her wild hair as best as she could. Hopefully she could make her way back to her rooms without being seen. Thankfully, most everyone must have been in the Great Hall already, for she only saw one teacher in passing. She hurried to her rooms and took a quick shower after downing one of the hangover potions she kept on hand, usually for Harry or Ron. Afterwards she rushed down to the Great Hall with still wet hair, hoping she hadn't missed breakfast. When she entered the room, she stopped dead in her tracks. No, it couldn't be… Sitting there at the single table that was set up for the teachers, students, and others helping to repair the castle, was Severus Snape. He sat there calmly, sipping from a mug, like nothing was out of the ordinary. Everyone else who sat near him were talking amongst themselves and enjoying their breakfasts, none the wiser. How was that possible? She had seen the man die! Why was no one else acting surprised by this? Then it hit her. She had spoken to the Snape from 1990, before the events of the war. Could it be? Did her conversation with him change the past? Everything else seemed to be in order. It seemed they had still won the war. But Professor Snape was alive. Had her words affected him enough to save his life? Tears began to well up in her eyes as she stood there in the doorway staring at him. He must have sensed her staring, for he looked up and locked eyes with her. He studied her for a moment with his deep, obsidian eyes, and must have found what he was looking for, for he gave her a slight nod and the smallest hint of a smile, before turning his attention back to his breakfast. Hermione just grinned, and made her way to the table. * this is a direct quote from the song Amy in the White Coat by Bright Eyes.