ferret tumbled around at his feet, amusing itself, though it wasn't long before he felt its little claws cutting through his trousers. "Do you mind?" he asked it, shaking his leg to throw it off, but it merely flopped to the ground momentarily before reassuming its position. Draco scowled at the festering pest as it clung to his leg. Sighing, he picked it up by the scruff of its neck and deposited it on the settee next to him. "Fine, you can come up - but I swear to Merlin if you even think about defecating, you will become my new favourite throw cushion." Draco paused, looking at the way the texture of its fur clashed with the already busy fabric of the chair. "Or perhaps a rug." He assumed the beast agreed to his term, because the animal cuddled up against Draco's thigh and shut its eyes. Draco rolled his eyes as he leant over to pick up the next document for review - though he quickly had to stifle a yawn. It had been a very long night, and frankly the beast had the right idea. With a sly look at the clock on the fireplace mantle, Draco decided that the world wouldn't come to an end if he took a very small nap, so he slouched down and allowed himself a few more minutes of shut eye. XXXXX Later, Draco was jolted awake by a bright flash. "Good morning, sleepy head," Ginny told him with a laugh. Draco opened his eyes to see her standing in front of him, training robes dusty and a smudge of dirt across her nose, and a camera in hand. "You two just looked so sweet, I couldn't resist." Draco frowned, glancing down to see the ferret draped over his shoulders - blending into his loose hair nearly perfectly, if it wasn't for the two beady little eyes gazing up at him. Deciding he was too tired to protest, or argue, or even move, he simply let his head fall back and stared at the ceiling. Ginny crawled into his lap - and, again, Draco was too exhausted to whine about the dirt - pecking a kiss against his lips. "Thank you for this morning." Draco let his hands rest under the round curve of her arse - which definitely did wonders for reinvigorating him. "You do realise that you're now indebted to me." "Oh, no," she lamented sarcastically. "However shall I repay you?" "I could think of a thing or two," he said, giving her a squeeze to emphasise his point. "You are a very determined man," Ginny said, kissing him again - this time deeper, her tongue brushing over his lips in a way that made him shiver - before she abruptly pulled away. "Draco, you never told me your news last night." He sighed, having mostly forgotten his news himself. "Oh. The minister asked me to be her chief advisor." Ginny gasped in response, then punched him hard on the arm. " Draco! " "Ouch!" he cried, wondering at her stricken tone. " What? " "You let me go on and on like an absolute troll all night when you landed your dream job yesterday! How could you?" Draco blinked at her. "How could I ?" She squealed loudly before hugging him hard enough that all the breath whooshed out of his lungs - and the tiny ferret scattered around under their feet, mirroring her excitement. "I am so proud of you!" He didn't get a chance to respond as her lips descended on his, and, quite frankly, he could hardly remember what it was he'd intended to say. XXXXX Ginny smirked at him as she made her way back to the grand foyer from their bedroom, her robe slipping from her shoulder enticingly. As she emerged into the hallway, however, she froze. "What?" Draco asked her, a hint of suspiciousness clouding his tone. "Uh, nothing," Ginny said. "You have a big day tomorrow - go ahead and get some more sleep." There was something off in her expression. Draco got out of bed and stalked over to the doorway as Ginny tried to dissuade him by coaxing him back to bed. He must have broken the spell she'd cast over him because he persisted, despite the lure of her feminine wiles - only to find a neatly piled little gift at the top of the staircase, and the ferret gleefully writhing on the floor beside it. He scowled at Ginny, horrified that the beautiful rug his mother had picked out had been violated. "To be fair," she told him defensively, as she edged out of the bedroom to clean up the animal's mess, "I told you to take him out this morning." "We could just keep him outside forever," Draco responded, crossing his arms. "I believe there is a glacier in Greenland he would particularly enjoy." "But he'd be so much more comfortable staying with us," she said, then laughed as Scorpius darted over to Draco and sprawled across his feet. "Besides, I think he's rather fond of you." He rolled his eyes, wondering not for the first time why he ever put up with her antics - but when Ginny pretended to make a retching noise as she waved her wand over Scorpius's mess, then grinned back at him with that radiant smile of hers, he wondered how he could ever live without her. AN: Ferrets can, in fact, catch the flu. The more you know! This was written for a Short Writing Challenge I posted at The DG Forum on FFN - prompt details are below. Thanks to idreamofdraco for taking the time to beta and for helping me come up with fun adjectives. Thank you for reading (and reviewing!) - I hope you all enjoyed it. :) Prompt: Ginny brings home a stray and Draco is not happy about it Bonus: The stray is not a cute animal Length: Minimum 250 words Deadline: 31 March