of their first real conversation. It had been a shock, but a pleasant one, to see little Hermione again after so many years. He had barely had time to register anyone but Harry when he'd first seen her on the train, but when he'd looked at her more closely, arriving into the Great Hall with Harry just after the Sorting, he was almost certain that she was the little girl he'd seen on those mornings in Privet Drive, and upon seeing the class register he saw he was right. He'd known, of course, that she should be in Harry's year, but seeing her flourishing at Hogwarts warmed him. She'd given him no reason to believe she remembered him – of course she wouldn't, and besides, he'd given her a false name. He had thought, for a moment, that she recognised him as she hesitated before leaving her first class with him, but that seemed not to be the case. Still, the memory of that sad little girl lingered with him, stopping him from letting her loose on the Boggart in their first lesson. He jumped at the unexpected contact. "Professor?" she said softly. "I hoped I'd be able to intercept you. I came here as soon as we heard from Hagrid. So you really are leaving?" "Yes, Hermione. Unfortunately, certain facts about my condition have been made public and… well, it's best if I leave before the owls start pouring in." "But that's discrimination! It's hardly your fault you were infected, and it doesn't stop you being a wonderful Defence teacher, the best we've had! They can't possibly make you go!" she cried, looking as though she might cry. "You know as well as I do, Hermione, that the more influential members of magical society are not exactly progressive." He gave her a wry smile, and patted her on the shoulder. "It's for the best that I leave." Hermione's lower lip wobbled slightly, and he had to repress a smile at the sense of de ja vu. "Well, before you go…I…I just wanted to give you this." She held out a square of white cotton. Remus stared at the proffered handkerchief, completely floored. "You remember -?" Hermione blushed slightly. "Yes. That token from a friend, my first friend-" she smiled shyly "-Mr Wolf , well…it helped me dry a lot of tears. I never fitted in in my new school, either. I didn't make another friend, until I came here…and even that took a near death experience. And your advice really helped me control the accidental magic. Thank you for that, by the way. I appreciate that you were bound by the Statute of Secrecy so you couldn't explain, but being able to control …'things'…helped keep me sane. And thank you for introducing me to my absolute favourite storybook. I'm not trying to be presumptuous, or say you're lonely or anything, but…what I mean is, I hope that this will bring you the same comfort that yours brought to me. A reminder that somewhere, someone was my friend." Her cheeks were quite scarlet now. Remus felt a lump in his throat. He took the handkerchief, and saw that it wasn't the one he'd given her all those years ago. Which, if he was not mistaken, was clutched in her other hand. This one was stamped with "H J Granger". "Thank you," he said softly, trying to hold back tears. "I'll treasure it. Goodbye, Hermione. I knew you would grow up to be an extraordinary witch. I hope we meet again someday." "Goodbye, Mr Wolf." Hermione appeared to waver slightly, then launched herself forwards and hugged him around the waist. "Under the circumstances, Hermione, I think you can call me Remus." Tuesday 7 th June 1994 Astronomy Tower, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Scotland Harry Potter stood on the astronomy tower, watching Professor Lupin talking to Hermione through a telescope. He saw her dart forward and hug him. Good, Harry thought. If anyone looks like they could do with one of Hermione's hugs, it's him. As Remus went through the gates, he turned for a last look at Hogwarts, and looked straight up at the tower where Harry stood. He raised a hand in farewell. Harry had spent a lot of time this year carefully watching Professor Lupin. There was an odd sense of comfort and familiarity about the man that he just couldn't place, until now. He'd wanted to talk to him about it, but he could never quite bring himself to. Seeing him at a distance, he knew for sure that this was his protector. There was much more to Professor Lupin than he'd let on, and Harry felt regret that he might never know why he'd watched over him for so long, and that he might never be able to tell the professor what strength he'd taken from it. A few little explanatory notes… …On Remus: I don't believe for a second that he wouldn't have made an attempt to get in contact with Harry. If they were such close friends, I can't see him abandoning their son willingly. …On werewolves: Lupin is described as exhausted and ill, especially around full moon. Greyback, the only other werewolf really mentioned, seems to be very strong. I've decided the best explanation (in my own little world) is that the Wolfsbane potion, while controlling the beast, weakens the man (or woman). …On Hermione in Little Whinging: Couldn't resist. Sorry. Remus needed a friend. Plus I think there are a few parallels between Hermione and Remus – both bookish, both prefects in their day, both ostracised for things beyond their control, and both friendless when they started at Hogwarts. …On Dumbledore: I had to make someone the villain. Sorry. And to be fair, if anyone would have been the one to prevent access, it would have to have been Dumbledore. *-* From Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Chapter 2 **-** From Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Chapter 5