The-Boy-Whom-He-Loved-But-It-Would-Never-Work-Because-He-Hated-Him, Harry Potter, was making out with him. Him . He bit the slightly shorter boy's bottom lip, causing him to ghasp, and Draco slipped his tongue in, and they battled for dominance. *about twenty minutes of a little conversation, but mainly making out :/* Draco took a moment to admire the sight in front of him. Harry with his arms held over him, pressed against the wall with his hair messier than usual, puffy lips that were parted slightly trying to catch their breath, and his emerald eyes that were darkened with lust. The blonde leaned his head down to Harry's neck and gave it a gentle bite, seeing how the slightly shorter boy would react, and Draco shivered at the sound of the raven haired boy moaning his name. Oh dear lord help him. At this pace by the end of this minute he would be clinging to his last thread of control. Everything about the brunette had him worked up. The way he would breathe, or the way he would gasp if he did just the right thing, the way that he'd squirm beneath him, the feeling of his heartbeat against his own, just everything. Every. Single. Thing. The blonde began to suck carefully on the spot that he'd bitten, as he pressed Harry's arms more firmly to the wall, using his free arm to roam his chest. Oh Merlin, he was toned up . All of that Quidditch must have really paid off. Draco let his hand linger downward, and lightly trace a circle on his side, earning a desperate moan, and causing the slightly shorter wizard's hips to buckle and back to arch, pressing himself further against the blonde, causing them to grind against each other. "Merlin, Harry," Draco breathed as he landed a kiss on the brunet's lips, before picking him up, and sitting him down on a nearby windowsill, with his arms wrapped tightly around his love. He needed to stop… If he kept going he might not be able to stop later, and he didn't want to hurt the raven haired boy… he didn't want to force him to do anything either. "Harry," The blonde with eyes of liquid silver whispered as he stared up into the raven haired boy's emerald eyes, " I-i think we should stop. I-i don't want to hurt you-" But he was silenced by a pair of lips on him. When he pulled away, the brunette grabbed him by his Slytherin green and grey tie, pulled him close, and kissed him along his jawline, leaving a tingling sensation wherever he touched. Then Harry pulled the blonde even closer until his lips were floating by his ear. "Please," He whispered," Don't stop." Draco's silvery, blue eyes, widened as the brunette pulled back giving him a nervous, but reassuring smile, and the blonde felt a lump rise in his throat as his cheeks grew warmer. He gave a nod, and let a smirk make its way onto his face as he slowly, predatory like, climbed onto the windowsill, over Harry. "Okay," The blonde warned, his voice getting dark with lust," But I'm not responsible for my actions anymore," He lower his head to the raven haired boy's ear as he took his glasses, and carelessly tossed them across the room, pressing Harry against the window," Because with you moaning my name like that, I'm not sure that i can control myself." Harry bit his lip before hesitantly asking, "Like this?" "Wha-?" "Dr aaaaa co, Please-Holy- Oh Dr a co!" Oh Merlin, Harry was was really turning him on, and all he wanted to do was lunge into the boy and shag him until he couldn't. His member was aching for any kind of stimulation. He slung off the slightly shorter boy's shirt, as he took his lips again, and pulled himself closer, in between Harry's legs, which made their erections press against each other. "Dr-draco! Please!" Draco pushed himself harder against the brunette, earning a moan, but also a strange click. He ignored it, and tried to undo his belt, but he felt Harry begin to slip away from him. "Harry?" "Draco? Why am i- Ah!" The messy haired boy seemed to fall backwards, and Draco reached for him, his eyes snapping open as he felt himself being pulled forward. When he could finally gain his senses, he realized he he was falling. Damn it! That click must have been the lock to the window breaking! Shit! Wait!? Where's Harry!? He looked around, and looked to where he heard screaming behind him, and there he was. Relief washed over him, but they were still fucking falling! Draco quickly pulled the raven haired boy close to him, and the boy clung to him like a lifeline. Okay. Uum cushioning charm! He snatched his wand out of his pocked and watched the ground as they neared it. Shit, if he did this wrong they were going to plummet to the ground! And that would mean… He and Harry would… No he wasn't going to let that happen to Harry. Okay...3 ...2 ...1 "Aresto momentum!" And then they came to an abrupt stop, just inches from the ground, and landed with a light thump. The blonde opened his eyes to see Harry on top of him looking just as bewildered as he felt, and Draco let out a relieved laugh as he jerked the raven haired boy down stealing a kiss, and holding him tightly. He was never letting Harry go again. The blonde swiped his tongue against the brunettes bottom lip to grant entry, but before he was able to react they were interrupted by a loud cough. Their heads snapped up to see non other than their disgustedly, shocked greasy haired, black eyed potions professor, accompanied by a bashful, but not so surprised Blaise Zabini. "Sorry," Blaise said as he looked away," When you disappeared from lunch… i kinda got worried." The End Yeeaah, So, do you hate windows now?