it doesn't matter. You're worth more than a mark on a piece of paper," Remus said. "Don't you forget it." "I- Thank you, Remus. You're too kind." "I'm only speaking the truth, Jaz. You're honestly amazing and you shouldn't let this one grade get you down. I'll help you study for the next one that's coming up, you can easily get your mark back up." "As lovely as that sounds, I think I might ask Lily," Jaz said, warmth rising to her cheeks. " Oh , that's fine," Remus began but she cut him off. "N-Not because I don't like being around you, in fact, it's actually the opposite," Jazmin began to ramble, fiddling with her fingers nervously. "It's just that I can't focus all that much when you're around, you're too distracting." "Sorry," Remus said, rubbing the back of his neck, feeling terrible for being just as much as a distraction as the rest of the marauders could be. " No , don't apologise! It's not in a bad way, It's just- I fancy you," Jaz tried to reassure him but she only ended up blurting out her feelings for him, and when she realised she became as still as a statue. "W-What?" Remus gaped. "I- did you just?" "I am so sorry," Jazmin said, face palming. "I didn't mean to just throw that on you. I told you I'm dumb." She hid her face in her hands, feeling like an absolute dolt, but when Remus started laughing she felt a bit lighter. She peeked up at him between her fingers, but soon he removed her hands, holding them firmly in his own. "It's fine, Jaz. I was just surprised is all… I wasn't sure… I didn't think that the girl I had fancied since fourth grade would ever return my feelings is all," Remus admitted, a pink rising to his own cheeks. "You fancy me?" She asked disbelievingly. "Yeah. I mean what's not to like," Remus said with a grin, feeling a bit more confident when he saw her blush. "Despite what you think, you are intelligent, you're funny and gorgeous and anyone would be lucky enough to call themselves yours." She fumbled with her glasses putting them back on her face so she could see him properly. "Are you sure you have the right girl?" "If I wasn't sure I wouldn't be here right now, would I?" Remus asked, taking a step closer towards her. She stared up at him with doe eyes, heart pounding away in her chest in anticipation as he leaned forward, and his lips inches from hers. "Can I kiss you?" His voice was soft and sincere and it was a wonder she didn't swoon right then and there. She took a second to gather herself before nodding slowly, whispering a reply. "Yes." Remus grinned and his eyes sparkled with wonder and then she was lost in a world of bliss. He leaned down, capturing her lips in a searing kiss, surprising her at the intensity of his passion. Her hands glided across and up his chest til they reached to connect around his neck, dragging him further down to her. His hands gripped her hips tighter in response, his mouth magically moving over hers in a needy kiss. Every movement, every touch, every brush of their lips against each other made her want him more, want him closer and closer. She had imagined kissing Remus too many times to count, but this was so much better than her dreams. This was electric and fiery and Jaz was sure if they continued at this pace that she would melt from the heat brewing between them. Remus pulled away first, and Jaz was missing his touch the second his lips left hers and it was evident in the way she moved after him, but Remus rested his forehead against hers instead, a breathy laugh escaping his lips. He held her close to his chest, his arms wound tightly around her, her fingers resting at the base of his neck, playing with some of his hair. "Do you… do you want to go out with me sometime?" Remus asked shyly, heat rising to his cheeks in embarrassment. He had just snogged the living daylights out of Jaz but still he was nervous as he asked her out. "I would love to," Jazmin replied, a genuine smile gracing her pink lips that were swollen from their kissing. "It's a date," Remus said, his eyes twinkling with adoration as he looked at her, the intensity making her heart thump in her chest, and her insides twist with pleasure. "Do you want to study later tonight? We can work on our homework together," Remus asked, hoping she'd say yes. "I think I better study with Lily tonight," Jazmin said, biting her lip. "Now that I know what it's like to kiss you, I don't think I'll get any work done. My self-control is very low right now." And it was true, all she wanted to do was drag his face down to hers once more and kiss him until she couldn't breathe. Remus beamed, and nudged his nose against hers, feeling her warm breath against his skin. "We can work on that," Remus said. "Practice makes perfect, right?" He didn't let her answer, instead he leaned down to kiss her one more time. A / N – I am so glad you guys are enjoying the little one-shots. I seem to have endless ideas and it's becoming a bit of a problem considering I'm meant to be studying. Also a massive shoutout to rebelforcauses, please go check out their acc they have some amazing Harry Potter works (one-shots and fics alike) mainly Remus x OC. It's so much fluff that it'll give you a toothache. Til next time. Heroherondale. x DISCLAIMER: I do not own the characters/storyline used from the Harry Potter universe, they all belong to J.K. Rowling and I only own my OC and creative genius.