said. She didn't want Remus to be angry with her for keeping it a secret for so long. "I-," Remus was unsure of what to say. His eyes were tearing up with emotion and he couldn't believe he had such a great friends. First the marauders, gallivanting with him every full moon, making sure that he didn't hurt himself or others, and now Rei, helping him heal his wounds. He didn't finish his sentence, instead, leaned over and hugged Rei tight, his arms resting behind her back, pulling her closer into his embrace. She had obviously been surprised as she let out a little squeak in shock before returning the hug. "Thank you." "Anything for you, Remus. Always ." Her hands curled up behind the back of his neck, resting just below his head. They stayed there, hugging each other for what felt like a long time before Remus pulled away. Rei was about to open her mouth to ask him a question, but her words were stolen by his lips as he pressed his mouth against hers, leaving her melting in his arms. Her eyes fluttered closed as her lips moved against his delightfully, eliciting a gasp from her mouth when he pulled back, giving her some room to breathe, but it only lasted a second as he titled his head, moving forward to capture her lips once more, leaving her breathless. Their shared kisses had only lasted so long before Madame Pince had caught them, her voice bellowing throughout the back of the library, shocking them out of their heated embrace. Rei was sure she was blushing from head to toe and though Remus had pink cheeks as well, he had a dopey grin that was plastered on his face the entire time as he rushed to pack his bag, grabbing Rei's hand as they ran out the library as not to incur the wrath of Madame Pince any longer. They ran all the way back to the Gryffindor common room, laughing their hearts away as they stumbled through the portrait hole, hand in hand, not even noticing that the room was empty and that it was nearing their curfew. "I-I love you," Remus confessed, surprising Rei once more that night. He dumped their bags by one of the couches and took Rei into his arms. "I've loved you ever since fifth year when you threw that bat bogey hex at Sirius for swapping your pumpkin juice with a babbling beverage, and when I figured out that you had been taking care of me all this time, protecting my secret, I just fell deeper in love with you," Remus rushed out, finding that he was breathless after his confession. His hands were soft on her cheeks, and she was melting underneath his touch. Rei felt like she was flying. Her heart was beating so fast she was sure it was going to burst. With a grin she leaned forward on her tippy toes, pressing a chaste kiss to Remus's lips, memorising the euphoric feeling of their lips against one another before pulling back and pecking his cheek. "I love you too Remus," Rei said. "I loved you before I even knew what love was, and I loved you even more after I discovered your secret. You're one of the strongest people I know, and you have the kindest heart of all." "Isn't that so sweet," Sirius cooed from above where he was on the staircase with James next to him. "It is adorable isn't it?" James asked. "Finally! That's all I have to say." Rei blushed and buried her head in the crook of Remus's neck, trying to hide a smile when she heard him laugh, feeling the rumble of his chest beneath her. "Oh stop it you two," Remus said, rolling his eyes. He looked down at Rei who was still in his arms and admired the sight, thinking that he could get used to this. When Rei didn't move from his arms, Sirius and James laughed louder and Remus gave them the finger, telling them to Piss off , to which they did after yelling out congratulations. "So, what do you say we go to Hogsmeade this weekend?" Remus asked. "Well, I suppose it's an alright idea." Rei said, an amused sparkle in her eye. "It's more than alright, it's perfect, just like you." "Say something like that again and you're going to find yourself getting kissed," Rei said, feeling breathless whenever he spoke. "Oh, I won't object." Rei giggled and Remus's heart soared as she met him in the middle, for one last kiss goodnight. Though he had his troubles and his ailments, in the end, the universe had given him something to ease his pain, and he was never going to let go. Because for once in his life, the midnight moon had given him something back, and for that, he was grateful. Authors Note: Hi everyone! This is the first time I've ever written for Harry Potter and actually published it. I absolutely love the marauders era, and I was itching to write something. I know that all in all it might not be the most accurate, but it was something I had fun writing, and that's why I'm here. So I hope you can forgive me for any mistakes that I may have made or errors. But then again, this is fanfiction and not everything is going to be canon or exactly the same. I hope you all enjoy it, please let me know what you liked and disliked, it's a journey of learning from here on. And to all of those interested in more, keep an eye out on my page, I have a few more one-shots up my sleeve! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters/plot devices/content that have been taken from the world of Harry Potter. That all belongs to J.K. Rowling, and respectively, I only own my OC and creative genius. Til Next Time! - Heroherondale