which said You two own the house outright but as this is the real world you do need to still pay muggle household utility bills. If coming back here every few days doesn't suit you, you can either just vibe back once a week or tell the neighbours you work in a boarding school up the country. They both smiled at that as they wouldn't have it any other way. The hall wasn't too long and had a cream carpet in it. The walls were painted a nice duck egg blue. The stairs which had a blue and cream carpet in it was to one side while a mirror adorned the wall opposite it next to the first door. In the hallway were three doors in total excluding the door for the cupbaord under the stairs. Feeling nervous Harry went first to the cupboard under the stairs and wrenched it opened wondering what he'd find there and then smiling. Inside he found a black and white styled bathroom with a bowl sink, fitted toilet and heated towel rail as well as a nice ceiling light. It was painted a nice deep magenta shade. Beside the cupboard under the stairs he noticed plenty of well hidden drawers in which to store your stuff and even a pull out rail for coats which could be stored under the stairs again once no longer needed. They both entered the first door which led to a medium sized living room which was painted cocoa in colour and had a large central fireplace with a mirror over it. On the mantlepiece were various unlit candles and a neat little box of self replenishing floo powder. In the one corner of the room was a corner couch in a nice black and cream colour. It was littered with soft large cushions and had a large floor lamp to one side of it. On the one side of the firelplace was a bookcase littered with the classics or at least some of them. On the right side of the fireplace was a small unit with a small TV and some DVDs which could be played there if they ever felt like it. In the centre of the room was a glass coffee table and a foot poof. It was simply deisgned like Harry and Hermione would have chosen anyway and they both loved it. The next room which was a nice lilac shade in colour was the dinning room. It was very simple indeed with a round dining table with four chairs which could extend to an oblong shape and hold eight people if need be. The spare chairs were in the only closet in the room. Other then this there was one portrait on the wall as well as some pictures of the two of them taken before now making them smile upon seeing it. The kitchen was the surrprise as it wasn't huge but it did have a conservatory attached to it. It was painted a nice red colour which went well with the black shiny cabinets and mod cons it had. To one side was the utility room from which you could access the basement from a door only they or magical chosen and trusted people they allowed could see. Going upstairs they came to the landing which was once again duck egg blue in shade with the cream carpets from downstairs. There was a surprise there as well as it didn't have three bedrooms but two. This was of course due to the size of th emain bathroom which was painted teal and gold. There was a stand alone clawed bath, two person shower and a double sink. The spare bedroom wasn't tiny either and came with sldierobes fully fitted. It was painted a nice soothing mint green shade. Next came their bedroom which made Harry very nervous indeed. He entered the room which was painted in Gryffindor colours but not in a garish way. In the centre of the room was a large wooden sleigh bed with matching bedside lockers and chaise lounge for the end of the bed. Each bedside locker had it's own lamp. There was a small en suite with a two person shower and a his and hers sink and then a small walk in wardrobe with just enough space for their clothes and shoes. There was also some attic space in the house although it was minimal At this point they were both tired and needed to be getting ready soon for returning to school. On his bedside locker Harry saw the journal opening it and found to his surprise that Draco Malfoy seriouly didn't give a damn about him either way. It listed that he wanted nothing bad to happen to Harry and was tired of all the energy he was being forced to waste on hating him. This suggested foul play and Harry was going to look into it as soon as he could. He changed for bed noticing all his stuff was already there to his relief even if it was still to large and very old. He'd be changing that tomorrow for sure. He was still geetting used to the fact that he no longer needed glasses as it was still something to come to terms with. He'd be telling people he got it fixed the muggle way. I mean who'd know anyway. He smiled as Hermione got in besdie him yawning in exhaustion. "I love you Hermione or should I say Mrs Potter!" he said laughing in bewilderment which mde her really smile. At least this was strange for him too. "Oh Harry don't ever change. I love you too Mr Potter! Now hold me close I'm freezing!" she said snuggling into his side and resting her head on his chest. She leaned up kissing him deeply for quite some time before falling asleep in his embrace. No one would know what hit them when these two returned to the magical world.