glittering with rubies the size of eggs. He pulled out the blade. And heard a hissing as the snake finally found him it appears without it's sight it was much slower. Harry would love to say he stood his ground didn't back down and using previously unknown skills with a blade he slayed the beast. But the truth was Harry began to run away. He couldn't beat this it was massive powerful and not even his best spell had done any damage. He tripped over some of the rubble and cut his arm tearing his sleeve and leaving a small gash on his arm. He fell to ground and dropped his wand he saw the snake coming closer and began to backpedal fumbling around for his wand. When the serpent got close he swung the sword wildly till he was rewarded with a hiss of pain. The sword had been jammed firmly into the nostrils of the Basilisk the tip of it coming out of the snake's mouth. Instead of stopping the snake this just seemed to make it angrier it opened it's mouth in a hiss and lunged for him. Harry held up his arms in defense wishing for something to protect him with the blood from both his hand when he tried to summon a blade and the gash from when he fell surged forward he felt a burning pain in his arm and heard a sickening squelch as something pierced the mouth of basilisk. He opened his eyes as pain rushed through him and saw a sword made out of blood in the mouth of the serpent. Well calling it sword was a bit misleading it was more like a really really sharp stick. Harry collapsed backwards as a burning pain rushed through his body. It was agony worse than the pain he felt against Quirrell when he killed the man. But a mop of red hair forced him to stand Ginny depended on him, Ron was trusting him to save his sister. With shaky legs he forced himself to his feet. His hand found support in the hilt of the sword he had thrust into the nostril of the snake. The blade slide out of the nostril slowly and he fell back down to the ground. He tried to crawl over to the book that laid on the ground a few feet in front of him. If he remember correctly in the stories destroying the vessel banished the spirit. A foot moved in front of him blocking his path. "Ever the noble hero Potter?" the voiced asked with an audible sneer. He felt a gust of wind and saw Fawkes land next to him before leaning over his wound. He smiled at the bird, he never noticed how beautiful he was before. "See even that blasted bird knows you are done for. Look it's crying." Harry turned his gaze back to the majestic bird and saw that yes it was crying tears welling up in its eyes and dropping down onto his wound. Words Dumbledore had once told him came rushing to the forefront of his mind. "Fascinating creatures, phoenixes. They can carry immensely heavy loads, their tears have healing powers, and they make highly faithful pets." he smiled as he felt the darkness that had been enveloping his vision disappear and the chamber regain clarity. "Smiling in the face of death Potter?" Tom asked with a sneer but Harry could hear the confusion in his voice why would any smile as they died. Fawkes continued to cry on his wound and harry felt something flow through him his blood pumping as the phoenix stop crying, he didn't know how but for some reason he knew that he was now immune to basilisk venom. Fawkes lifted his head and trilled, Harry saw Tom wince in pain before the bird flew off. He saw tom reach down to grab his wand which only a few feet away, he remembered Ollivander saying their wands were brothers and even if Tom didn't know that he had a feeling that the wand would work fine for him. He got up and swung the sword at Tom and was slightly surprised when he actually found some resistance it still didn't harm the spirit but it did get pushed back. Tom's eyes narrowed in confusion. "How?" he began to asked before he chuckled. "Of course Phoenix tears, I had forgotten about their healing ability." he said shaking his head in amusement. "No matter." he dismissed. "You will still die here today Pott-" a book fell to the ground in front of Harry as Fawkes flew over head. Harry saw Tom's eyes flicker between the sword and his diary with a look of fear, realizing what he had to do he stabbed the sword into the book with strength that surprised him. Riddle tried to stop him but he was to slow and seconds later ink spurted out from the book like a gyser. Riddle began to lose his form it quickly fading to the point where calling him a ghost would be misleading. "You can't kill me." Tom Riddle denied in fear as he began to disappear. "I am immorta-!" he was cut off by his form vanishing into nothing. With Tom gone Harry finally let exhaustion overcome. Why the disarming spell worked is because tom was touching a physical object so the spell didn't really affect him so much as it did the book. Done and yes another story what can i say it held a gun to my head. And yes this is kind of a DMC crossover and I mean the classic not the reboot. But the Major elements besides the demons won't come until around year five. And as you see using the blood weapons is very difficult for Harry he isn't suddenly summoning up massive blades of blood. also when the sword of Gryffindor went through the basilisk's nose it got some of the venom on it.