by that damned goodness of hers. She gently pushed my hair out of my face. Her hands were so warm and soft on my frozen skin, and despite everything between us, her touch was gentle and tender. "How can you even stand to touch me? I'm a monster," I questioned harshly, stumbling out of her hold only to fall on my back. "Because you're human. You're flesh and blood, and regardless of what you might think, you weren't deprived of that humanity just because you joined the Death Eaters. You listened to me complain about my pathetic schoolgirl crush when you have demons running around in your head. You're not evil, Draco," she insisted, picking herself off the ground. She held out her small hand to me, but I refused. I defended my earlier actions, "How do you know I wasn't going to use what you said against you?" "Then why haven't you?" She didn't wait for my answer. This time she grabbed my hand in hers, trying to drag me to my feet. I couldn't convince myself to answer her. "Harry has thought you were a Death Eater this entire time, but I didn't. I knew that even though you had tortured me all these years that you weren't really evil. Were you a cruel, vile cockroach most of the time? Yes, but I didn't think you wanted to be like that. It's rather obvious that you simply want to fulfill people's expectations of you and your family. To be a Death Eater isn't what you want, is it?" Her voice was so insistent but shaky by nerves. Was she pleading with me or the devil inside? "No," I answered determinedly, grasping her hand for strength. She was so small in stature, fragile even, but she was strong. In my own way, I had envied her all these years for that. No matter how many times I tore her down, she stood back up. She had strength and courage that I wished I possessed even a fraction of. I looked at her eyes again, noticing her eyes seemed to burn with such fierce determination. As I glanced at her face, I noticed her cheeks were still wet from her earlier tears. Slowly, I moved my hand up to her face and gently wiped them away with my thumb. "You are one strange girl, Granger," I teased, proceeding to clean her other cheek. "Same to you, Malfoy," she responded, her mouth pulling into a smile against my thumb. I had never seen her smile because of me, and I wanted nothing more than to keep it. Desperately, I felt the need to kiss her, but I couldn't answer why. To thank her? To show her what she was missing with Weasel? To fulfill my own selfish needs? Whatever the reason I felt my head bending towards hers as her eyes closed lazily. Her body leaned into mine as my free arm snaked around her waist balancing her. Cupping her cheek, I brushed my lips gently against hers. I expected her to revolt to my action, but she didn't break apart from the touch. Her hands gingerly wrapped around my neck, pulling me to her and cautiously kissing me back. "Hermione?" The voice came from the stairwell. It sounded like Weasel-bee, and I knew I should let go before he saw us. There was nothing really between her and I. Commiserating over our own sorrows had stirred something in us, but it wasn't a lasting kind of feeling. Still, she wouldn't let go. She seemed to need me as much as I needed her. Even as I heard his footsteps coming up the stairwell, I couldn't bring myself to let go. I just kept thinking, "You've had her for five years and never knew how amazing she is, you idiot." "Malfoy. Get off her, you bloody wanker," Weasley screamed violently. His hands suddenly ripped us apart. I turned to face him, wand pointed and ready, but Hermione stopped me, placing her hand on my chest over top my heart. Her eyes comforted me, allowing me to relax. "Ron, this is not your problem. Get back to Lavender. You have no business with either Malfoy or I. I swear to Merlin, if you say anything to me, I will make sure there is nothing for her to snog," she commanded, pointing her own withdrawn wand at him. He looked at her with angry, hurtful eyes but turned and left. I had expected him to explode in typical Weasley fashion, but he had backed down. Surpisingly, Granger didn't break down in a pile of tears. She practically beamed with pride for finally telling him off. "Thanks, Draco. I'm sure that will have him right pissed for a long while." She smiled at me, stuffing her wand back into her pocket. "Don't mention it, Granger. Seriously, don't mention it. I do have a reputation to uphold, but thanks for everything," I said almost cheerfully as I headed towards the same stairs. "Draco, wait," she called. I turned to face her and was taken aback when she kissed me gently on the cheek. She spoke slowly, deliberating over her words, "I won't tell Harry what you told me, but if you need someone, you know how to find me." I smirked, finding her offer almost ridiculous. I would love nothing more than to take her up on it, but I couldn't risk her knowing more than she already did or any of the Slytherins finding out about her. Returning her kiss with one on her lips, I departed from the Astronomy Tower back to the Dungeons without another word. In my dreams together we'll be Strange A/N: I hope you enjoyed it. The characters may have been a little OOC, but I needed to get that song out of my system and Draco and Hermione seemed to be the perfect fit. Please review if you enjoyed it or have any comments Thanks y'all, hecate's apprentice