leave slowly after wishing them luck and happiness. Sirius put the babies in the cot where they slept peacefully and sat next to Hermione and sang to her softly till she slept. She slept with a smile on her face. He was so glad that he was the reason of the smile. As he sat back on the chair he thought back to all that happened and how they got together. The war had officially ended and when the trials came up Harry pushed for Sirius to be trialed and he was cleared and officially pardoned with a compensation and Order of Merlin first class just like the golden trio and others who fought. The public thought that it was because of his innocence that he came back from the veil as a 21 year old. He was utterly depressed as he lost Moony and Tonks he had reached Hogwarts just in time to save Fred from the wall falling on him. He grieved his best friend and cousin. He attended the trials as Lord Black and casted his votes. The Malfoy trial gave him a shock. While Lucius and Narcissa was thrown into Azkaban Draco proved to be a spy for the Order and only Hermione and Harry was aware of this and they offered their memories which helped Malfoy and even his actions in the Battle of Hogwarts was noteworthy but the memories solidified his claim. He remembered how Hagrid was forced to carry Harry's limp body to the castle and the feel of utter lose and Neville'a defiance. Everything was blur from there. He then saw Harry stand and run across and Malfoy toss him the wand and ultimately finishing off the Dark Tosser. So all in all Draco Malfoy was a war hero and was given a Order of Merlin after he testified under Vertiaserum. Of course the Weasleys were not happy about , Molly, Ron and Ginny were particularly vocal about Harry and Hermione testifying and in the end Harry lost his temper and told Ron that he had no right when he walked out on him during the hunt and if it was not for Malfoy who didn't recognize him when Bellatrix asked they would have been dead now. A major screaming match occurred and only to end with Hermione fainting. While others were figuring what to, Sirius lifted her and carried her to St Mugnos. From there it all started, Hermione because of her torture that the hands of Bellatrix suffered internal injuries which were not treated as per requirement which resulted in the dark magic to spread, , it was because Sirius had killed Bellatrix the dark magic spread slower than it was actually meant to, but they were able to contain it and remove the residue but as the byproduct the chances of Hermione bearing a child was very slim and she would be in higher risk if she tried. Harry was heartbroken at what the healer said and asked to do anything to save his sister and he would spare no expenses till then. Hermione soon regained her consciousness and was told the truth and she cried herself to sleep. Sirius stayed by her all this time and found it weird that Ron was never there to be with her. Even Draco stopped by every once a while. It was finally Draco who found a old potion book to cure her completely. During these day Kingsley managed to retrieve her parents and reverse the memory charm and they were glad that their daughter was alive inspite of her misfortune. Her parents met with everyone and were told of everything that happened. Hermione finally got discharged and returned home to her parents and was settling down when Ron announced his engagement to some witch. Everyone was shocked and Harry ended up breaking his nose for cheating on Hermione. Things took a bad turn from there. It seem Molly and Ginny was in full support for Ron to break relations with Hermione because she could never conceive. It broke her heart and she slipped into depression and her parents were at a loss on what to do, though her father wanted to shoot the boy down and I wanted nothing more than help him. Harry and Sirius took Hermione to their new home to recuperate and slowly she began to recover. It was this time that Sirius listened to his heart and started pursuing her and she initially stayed away but slowly responded. Meanwhile Harry and Draco were drafted to play for Falmouth Falcons as seeker and chaser respectively, which they readily accepted. Sirius and Hermione never missed their matches When Hogwarts resumed Hermione went back to complete her last year and there she got close to Daphne as the 8th years were given a common floor for their use without houses dividing them. She was the one to introduce Daphne to Harry who took her to dates and then ended up marrying two years down the lane much to Sirius's relief. He never like the youngest Weasley anyways. Sirius continued to handle the role of Lord Black and was instrumental in bring forth many laws to improve the society as a whole. It was during the Christmas holidays that their relationship came out. Their near and dear one were quick to accept it especially Harry. From there it was dream for both Hermione and Sirius. They went on public dates and were regularly photographed but it never stopped them from loving each other well if Molly Weasley's screeching infront of Diagon Alley can't stop them then nothing can. It was after she graduated and took a degree in Magical Law did he propose which she readily accepted. They got married soon in a lavish ceremony in Hogwarts and were living a very happy life but it always pained Hermione that she could never have children but now they were here as parents to two perfect children. Life couldn't get any better.