suggestion from time to time… or at least, he had until the day their friendship ended. Since then, he'd gone back into hiding, keeping his face concealed whenever she was around. But he wasn't hiding from her now. He reached up to smooth his hair back, his hand trembling ever so slightly as he lifted his chin. Their eyes met, his brimming with sympathy as hers filled with tears. In that one glance, she found everything she'd been longing for – compassion, concern, but deeper than that, an entire world that was familiar and safe. Severus knew who her parents had been and what they'd meant to her, understood what she must be feeling better than anyone else could. For the first time since she'd received that phone call, she forgot what it was to feel alone. She took a step forward, slow and tentative. Another step and she thought she heard him catch his breath, his eyes still fixed on hers. "I don't need help from filthy little Mudbloods like her!" Cringing, she stopped dead in her tracks. It all came back to her then, childhood memories giving way to the darkness that followed. Severus was in deep now, from what she understood, far deeper than he'd been a couple years before. Lord Voldemort was openly recruiting now, with most of the Slytherins flocking to his cause. Was she stupid enough to believe that Severus could be an exception to the rule? No… not when he spent all his time with those people, as fascinated as ever by the Dark Arts. Still… She stared at him for a long moment, rremembering all the good times they'd shared. Had she been too hasty, ending their friendship the way she had? Maybe if she'd given him another chance… "Lily." That was all he said, a low pitched murmur that floated to her on the summer wind. She felt her throat tighten, knowing he wouldn't say another word without her invitation. This was her decision, one she knew he'd accept no matter what she chose to do. But it wasn't that simple, was it? No, she was standing at a crossroads between the past and future, afraid to move forward yet unable to turn back. There was nothing to do but stand there, caught in some strange, alternate reality where time had ceased to exist. She'd never felt so helpless, her body as rigid as a statue as she willed herself to move, to speak, to do anything that might put an end to this awful uncertainty. Gradually, his expression changed, vulnerability giving way to careful composure. She knew he was bracing himself for disappointment, but how could she make such a huge decision when she couldn't even see what he was feeling? Was he truly sorry? Was there still hope that he could change? Was there even the slightest possibility that he could be part of her past and her future, or was it already too late? "Sev," she said, her voice emerging as a shaky whisper. He was too far away to hear her, but his attention was fixed on her lips, his eyes widening ever so slightly. For the first time, he was the one who moved closer, taking several halting steps in her direction. "I'm sorry," he said. "About your parents, I mean. I'm sorry." "Thank you." "If there's anything you need…" "I don't…" She trailed off, shaking her head in an attempt to clear her confusion. "I'm sorry, I can't…" "Ah, there you are." Gasping, she whirled around to find herself face to face with Petunia. Her expression was mutinous, though to Lily's surprise, her tone was relatively civil. "Yes, I was just… getting some fresh air." 'Well, do you think you can wrap it up? I could use some help in there." Lily nodded, glancing over her shoulder at Severus. He'd retreated back to the corner, his profile obscured by a curtain of hair as he turned his head in the opposite direction. Part of her wanted to go to him, make another attempt to explain herself. The problem was, she still had no idea what to say. "All right," she told Petunia as she followed her up the driveway. "Just tell me what you need me to do." "You can start by putting that wand of yours in your room. I won't have you embarrassing me in front of our guests – not after the stunts you pulled earlier." Petunia narrowed her eyes, obviously bracing herself for an argument. It didn't come. The fact was, Lily was simply too tired, too confused, too grief stricken to object. She did everything that was asked of her, from serving tea to making mindless small talk with people she'd never met. She even went out of her way to be polite to the Dursleys, ignoring their suspicious looks as she served them plate after plate of biscuits. "That's more like it," Petunia muttered as they passed each other in the kitchen. Hours later, the guests were gone, leaving the house strangely silent other than the sound of Marge's snores. She'd fallen asleep in Mr. Evans's favorite armchair, her dogs sprawled out on the rug beside her. Vernon wasn't far behind, eyelids drooping as he fiddled with the television remote. "We have to let them stay," Petunia said. "Wouldn't be right to send them off to a hotel." Lily hesitated, letting out a heavy sigh. "Fine. Just keep them out of my way, all right?" With that, she trudged up the stairs, pausing to look outside. There was no sign of Severus, only an empty street and a dull gray sky overhead. She turned away from the window, swallowing her disappointment even as she reminded herself that it was for the best. There was no going back now, no pretending that things between them could ever be the same. All she could do was move on, putting the past behind her as she turned her eyes toward the future.