are spell-resistant. But hit him with a wandless Confundus. It will work. Hagrid will believe he is also to meet you for shopping. That will give you the opportunity to befriend Harry. Once you get to Gringotts, Confound Hagrid again, and make him fear riding on the Gringotts carts. Hagrid will give Harry his vault key, and there you go. Ask for the Goblin, Ragnok, who will be your Vault Keeper – coincidentally, he is also Harry's Vault Keeper. And then let things play out." Lily nodded, understanding what she must do. "Once emancipated," Death said, "break away from Hagrid, go shopping – believe me, Harry will need it – and go to Potter Manor. Someone will be waiting for you." "Missy?" Lily asked, referring to the Potter Family house-elf. "Her daughter, Melina," Death said, "Missy died when Harry was seven." Lily frowned, saddened by the loss, but also knew who Melina was. The young elf was just a baby when Harry was born. "Lily," Death said, "There are two... beings... who will recognize you when you tell them who you are. I will allow this. They are Charlus and Dorea's portraits at Potter Manor." "James' parents," Lily said. "They will help you guide Harry," Death said, "While you know much of the wizarding world's customs, you don't know it all. Harry's grandfather will help him become Lord Potter. You will no longer be Lady Potter, of course, but you will have a title." "What title?" Lily asked. "It is a surprise," Death said, "You'll know by the time you leave Gringott's." "More entertainment, huh?" Lily grumbled. "Yes," Death said. "Also while you are at Potter Manor, that may be the best time to reveal the truth to Harry. By then, he will probably be more than curious about some of the stuff you will be helping him with during the day, and how you knew everything. He is very smart, remember that. He just doesn't show it." Lily nodded. However, that was the part she was dreading. She knew Harry probably wished for his parents during his hell on earth with her sister. How would he react when he found out she was his mother – especially since she will look like she's his age! "My, my, we have been speaking for quite a while," Death said, "Technically it has been a little less than ten years since you arrived. I think now is a good time for you to return. Remember Lily, most will know you as Holly Evans." "I guess I better get used to that name then," Lily, or rather Holly Evans now, said. A whooshing sound was heard and Lily turned, and saw a portal now where the wall to return to the Muggle world usually stood. "Have fun, Holly," Death said, "I will be seeing you again soon." Lily shuddered, and turned and walked toward the portal. She took a deep breath, and stepped through it, beginning her new life as Holly Evans. Death sat there on the bench, as he watched the new Holly Evans step through the portal. He knew he was taking a big risk by doing this. But if it destroyed Tom Riddle and his Horcruxes years earlier, then he was okay with that. Even if it meant many people would live who would have died, while others would die who would have lived without his interference. He was okay with that as well. But Harry Potter was worth it. Harry was the one who was prophesized to take down Tom Riddle, an annoying stain who should have met Death long ago. Death would allow these rewards and encouragement that came from his mother and new friend. "Why didn't you tell her what I said?" a voice said near Death. Death turned and saw James Potter sitting on the bench beside him. "Hmm?" Death asked. "Why didn't you tell Lily that there may come a time when Harry yearns for more than friendship with her?" James asked. "Why would I do that?" Death asked. "One it is entertaining to see what might happen. Two, if it does happen, Tom Riddle, who doesn't know love, will find himself in a world of pain because of it. Three, your son would know love, which would help him survive. Why would you want to stop something like that?" "He will already know love!" James said, "You know this! He will know plenty of love! I mean – the once horny teenager in me supports your Harem plan, my son would deserve it. But... well... what you are encouraging is... well... wrong!" "Come now, James," Death said, "I happen to know your great-great-great aunt and uncle through your mother's side were siblings! They died an hour apart. Your uncle sat in here waiting for your Aunt, and believe me, I just want to forgot what happened during their reunion." Death shuddered. When elderly couples died, they came into the afterlife in their young adult bodies. There were some of these couples, when reunited, who would have a reunion shag right there on the platform. Some people, like Dorea Black's ancestors that came to Death's mind, were quite kinky, especially for siblings. So much so, that it even horrified Death ! "They were Blacks!" James said, "As much as I love Sirius, most of his family and ancestors were insane." "It is tradition, my good man," Death said, "Besides, the heart wants what the heart wants. Now, behave and you can have your own little viewing room to watch the show. For a bonus, when people come through here, people you hate – such as Pettigrew – you can torture them all you want before they pass on." James harrumphed, but Death could see the Marauder in James liking the "bonus". "Fine," James said, "But I still don't have to like it!" Death shrugged. James didn't have to like it. But Death would... oh yes, he knew he was going to have so much fun!