Hermione managed weakly hugging the Weasley back. The rest of the room remained silent only filled with Crookshanks scratching at the door to be let outside. Harry flicked his wand and the ginger cat trotted out of the open door. "I think we're all in some great need of some hot chocolate," Mrs Weasley finally said, her voice filling the silent room. "I'll come and help you," Harry said turning around and following Mrs Weasley to the kitchen. "Is everything alright with Hermione, dear?" Mrs Weasley asked as Harry walked past her to pull out 11 mugs from the cupboard. "I think so. She just needs to keep busy at the moment; Christmas is a really tough time for her so we just need to keep occupied," Harry said. "I can't even imagine what she's going through," Mrs Weasley sighed leaning back against the counter. She was also wearing a woollen, purple Weasley jumper with a large silver M on the front. Come to think of it, Harry realised he was the only one in the house not wearing his Weasley jumper. It must be a tradition that he hadn't been aware of and suddenly felt quite bad. He made a mental note to double check with Ron the next morning to find out if he needed to wear one of his eight Weasley's jumpers tomorrow. "She hasn't brought up her trip to you since that weekend has she?" Mrs Weasley said interrupting Harry's thoughts. "No, she hasn't. I'm beginning to think it was a spur of the moment and she's not actually going to go," Harry said grabbing a tray and piling the mugs onto it. "I do hope it wasn't. I know it will be so difficult for her but I do hope she does go, and sooner than later for that matter," Mrs Weasley said as she poured the boiling water into a large jug and crushed chocolate into the milk. "I know, me too but I don't want to bring it up just in case she gets really upset by it all." "I know, me neither, dear. We'll just have to let her tell us when she's ready." Mrs Weasley smiled at Harry before bustling out of the kitchen levitating the mug of hot chocolate and a plate of mince pies. Harry followed her with the mugs, whipped cream and marshmallows. He was pleased to see that Hermione had joined in the game of exploding snap and was laughing at some joke Fred had just told her. He placed down the mugs and Mrs Weasley began filling them with steaming hot chocolate, cream and marshmallows. "You know, I reckon we're missing something," Fred said sharing a wink with George. "Boys, please don't do anything reckless," Mrs Weasley warned as she sat back down next to Mr Weasley cradling a steaming mug. "Mother, why do you always assume we're going to do something bad? You know we can be pretty well behaved sometimes," Fred said indignantly. Mrs Weasley just shrugged, choosing not to reply. Fred and George clambered to their feet and headed into the kitchen, muttering under their breaths. Not even a minute later, they reappeared holding a large stereo. George set it down and pressed a button. The rest of the Weasleys, Harry and Hermione sat there in anticipation, sipping at their hot drinks. "The First Noel, the Angels did say Was to certain poor shepherds in fields as they lay In fields where they lay keeping their sheep On a cold winter's night that was so deep. Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel Born is the King of Israel!" Fred walked over to the sofa Hermione and Ginny were occupying and sat down in between them both. He picked a marshmallow off of Hermione's hot chocolate and popped it into his mouth. "Oi," Hermione said indignantly. "It was really, very yummy I have to say," Fred said patting his stomach. Hermione elbowed him in the ribs but had a smile on her face. In return, she simply picked up all of Fred's marshmallows and put them in her mouth, grinning at Fred. "Muummm, Hermione ate my marshmallows," Fred whined like a three year old. "Shouldn't have eaten mine then," Hermione whispered in his ears. He grinned. "I only had one, you had all of them," he said reaching over to take another. "Oh no Fred Weasley. You've had your share; these are mine. They're in my mug they belong to me," Hermione said lifting her mug away from Fred's outstretched arm. "But that's not fair." "Life isn't fair," Hermione said. Harry gulped at those three words dreading what was going to happen but looking over saw that Hermione had a twinkle in her eyes – she was very much focused on the present. "Whatever. I'll just get some more," Fred said trying to stand up. "Oh no you won't Frederick Weasley, you all had the same amount, it's just a shame you let Hermione eat your ones," Mrs Weasley said with a slight smile on her face as she leant into Mr Weasley's shoulder. "But mum, that's not fair." "Oh stop acting like a child Fred," Hermione teased. Fred glared at her. It appeared she gave in as she put her finger into her drink to fish out a marshmallow. However, when she brought her finger out it was covered in a large dollop of cream and she promptly rubbed it over Fred's cheek. The Weasleys and Harry all laughed at the immaturity of Fred and Hermione. It was clear there was something between them. Something very different from what was between Fred and Katie Bell only a few weeks ago. Harry looked over and caught Ginny's eye whose expression mirrored exactly what he felt. She knew just what was going on with her brother and her best friend. Oh, she knew. (A/N: hope you enjoyed the first chapter, I really loved writing it! Please do leave reviews of your thoughts & thank you for reading!)