left, Carina discarded the blanket to the floor and slipped into the warm water. She immediately hissed in pain as the water stung her many wounds and sensitive parts, but noticed how it had already began to loosen her tense muscles and she leant back against the cushioned tub with a shaky sigh. Closing her eyes, the last few weeks flashed throughout her mind, the unwanted memories forever haunting her. "Carina?" Carina's eyes flew open and she realized there were tears flowing down her cheeks again. There stood Draco with his beautiful silver eyes that held so much concern she almost broke down right there. Almost. In two long strides he was kneeling beside the tub and gently brushing away her tears. "You don't need to tell me," he whispered. "But, I'm here if you want to talk about it. I can't imagine what you've been through, but I'll help you fight it if you let me." She nodded and subconsciously leaned into his comforting touch. Draco's eyes darted to the left, and after seemingly making a split second decision, he stood abruptly and tugged his shirt up and over his head, throwing it to the floor. "W-what are you doing?" Carina asked now extremely uncomfortable and she curled up again as he began unbuckling his pants. She tried to not look at his extremely taunt muscles and defined abs, but a few glances couldn't be helped. God, he was fit. Did he work out? "Mind if I join you? Don't worry, I won't look. I promise. Is that okay?" He asked, concerned with her discomfort. "Um...y-yes. That's fine." She spoke quietly. He gave her a reassuring smile and tossed his belt to the floor with a loud clank. Then he unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and after stepping out of them, slipped into the opposite side of the tub with his boxers still on. Luckily, the tub being as full as it was, the bubbles almost went to her collarbone and managed to conceal her modesty. After a minute or two of silence and secret glances, Draco finally spoke up. "Ah, I transfigured the soap into something more...feminine for you. Here," he said, grabbed the soup, and reached across the large tub to set it beside her on the ledge. Choosing not to acknowledge that his fingertips accidentally brushed her shoulder, leaving goosebumps in their wake. "Oh! Th-thank you. That was very thoughtful of you." She said in surprise, but he was just glad her stuttering was now slowly reduced to longer more coherent sentences. She lifted the bar of vanilla scented soap with trembling fingers and when she reached up to scrub her shoulders and neck, she ended up dropping the bar with an anguished cry. Draco was immediately there to assist. "Are you alright? What part hurts?" He asked softly while stretching his arms out to examine her trembling hands to see if he missed something and she had broken a finger or twisted her wrist. "I- I'm okay I think. My muscles are just really sore from..." She trailed off and he nodded in understanding. There was no mistaking the cuff marks on her wrists. "I'm so sorry Carina. Here, come here, I'll help you." He said soothingly and helped her position herself properly so that she sat with her back to him. He reached into the water and retrieved the bar of soap, careful to avoid any unnoticeable flesh. He moved her long, golden brown, wavy hair to rest over her shoulder with the gentlest of fingers. He lathered some soap in a washcloth and began to gently scrub her back. "You okay?" He asked a few minutes later as he moved the washcloth to scrub her arms and neck. She nodded and a small sigh escaped her lips as he washed the tender skin of her neck. She closed her eyes and leant her head back against his shoulder, causing his eyes to widen. He didn't dare object in case he embarrassed her or she felt rejected in any way. Draco didn't think he could help himself if he tried. His hands trailed back over her shoulders and down her back before gently encircling her waist. He felt more than heard her breath hitch, but she didn't protest against his sudden actions. His fingers began to trace gentle patterns over the soft skin of her belly. Her brow furrowed and she arched her back slightly, almost unnoticeably, but Draco noticed. He WAS a seeker a few years back. "You okay?" He asked softly. She nodded and her hair tickled his chin. He moved his hands and lathered more soap onto the cloth before gently scrubbing her belly and ribs area, careful of her scar. She whimpered as he hit a sore spot and then shifted her body so that her side rested against his chest. Her supple breasts brushed against his bare chest and he caught the blush on her cheeks before she buried her head in the crook of his neck as he continued to cleanse her. Even as Draco continued to wash her body, she knew she'd probably never feel clean after being violated the way she had been. Previous events flashed before her eyes and she shuddered violently against Draco. She felt him tense behind her and then place the soaked washcloth on the edge of the tub. He wrapped his arms around her and held her to his chest as she cried into his shoulder. "I'm so sorry." He whispered against her hair. She could only shake her head as her body was wracked with sobs. To Be Continued... A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed chapter one of Unconditionally Unconventional ! Please *begs desperately* favorite, follow, and review! I love you all and thank you for your amazing support! You guys are so great! Happy holidays! Stay safe! Chapter 2 will be posted ASAP! Love you guys! Thank you so so much! R&R! Lots of lovely lovely love, Mae :)