Goblins either respected or admired. "Mr. Potter, where did you learn the greetings of my people?" Harry looked up from his bow and frowned, saying "Doesn't every wizard? I mean, I read up on all the magical creatures and beings in recorded history over the past few years, because I figured it was important to do." Gristlebane looked at Harry in open shock and said with an almost untraceable waver to his voice "Mr. Potter, not only have you recognized and treated a Goblin as an equal, if not a better, but you've also done something most Wizards haven't done in over seventeen hundred years: you've tried to understand and respect other beings of magic without believing yourself superior in any way. The last ones to do so without needing encouragement or prompting were Emrys Merlin and Morgan le Fey..." Alyssa sat down elegantly as the Goblin proceeded to find his seat. "Now, before we begin, I'll need a simple bit of blood to prove that you honestly are Harry Potter...it's not that I don't trust the Anti-Falsehood Wards, but it's merely banking policy." Harry, still slightly in shock, nodded his head and pulled out a sewing pin from his jeans, pricking his finger and dropping the blood onto a sheet of vellum, which proceeded to then form names. Frowning as he read the names, saying aloud "My, my...this is interesting. Just when things were complicated enough and now this. Rather amusing in a demented sort of way." Alyssa and Johanna walked over, both wanting to read but pretending as if they had any interest for it other than simply being both concerned and nosy. As they read the names, Johanna merely said "Huh." Alyssa, meanwhile, chose the more dramatic route and said "Oh, dear sweet Ferragamo!" Finally having enough, Harry said half exasperatedly and half jokingly "Well, what is it? Am I or am I not Harry Potter?" Gristlebane looked back over at Harry, having momentarily forgotten that the teen had been there, cleared his throat. Speaking oddly, as if in awe, the Goblin said "Mr. Potter...Harry, it appears that you are Harry Potter, but also August Virgil Allione-Rosen, the child of Alraune Rosen and Dante Allione, a pair of high ranking nobility among the demons. It appears that the case of a child kidnapping among them demonic nobility over one hundred and thirteen years ago has finally been solved." Well, now...Harry Potter is actually August Virgil Allione-Rosen, the missing child of two demon nobles...and how do Johanna and Alyssa play into this part? I do wonder...especially since Harry is now a DEMON! What kind shall he be? Well, here's where the fun begins! I'm going to present a list of the types featured here, and then you can message me your idea if that will be a good fit for our dear Fate's Lil' Punching Bag. Also, whoever gives me the best reason WHY, gets a prize in the form of having a featured pairing in place, a (reasonably able to follow and use, keep in mind) plot twist or even a specific set for mating and courtship! You will get accolades and even free cookies...maybe. UMBRAN: Demons who manipulate the shadows and darkness, most notable for being almost either sadistically cruel or charmingly diabolical. Of the demon people, Umbran demons are more feared due to rumors that they can steal other magical energy and and therefor your soul. They also are masters of illusions, transformations and almost always have a dangerous temper; remember, when Hell freezes over, it's not from just the cold...it's also fear. Often, they are the type to want to prolong the suffering of their enemies; a quick death just isn't as much fun to them. NATUROS: Beautiful as nymphs and yet as dangerous as all the toxins on Earth. Many a Naturos has been acclaimed to have earned the title "Atropa Belladonna" among their ranks, they are almost all beautiful and also prone to extreme vanity. With power over the natural world of plants, fungi and all that blooms, Naturos are also talented at understand animals, be they mundane or magical. Nevertheless, their appearances often attract danger, thus they have a secret weapon, a neurotoxin that can be injected by the teeth or their sharp nails that extend when under stress or in danger. SUCCUBI/INCUBI: Since time immemorial, there have been stories amongst humans, that there were those who could feed from men and women through sexual intercourse...that these beings could even take your life if they were in a feeding frenzy. They of course describe Succubi and Incubi, female and male respectively, demons who have intercourse with other beings and feed on the life force or chi of a person; an average feeding will leave a person dazed and tired, as if they'd run an entire ten mile run. However, some get in a frenzy and drain a person of their chi entirely, accidentally killing someone, and they often don't mean to...but there are exceptions. Both genders of these demons are extremely attractive, almost to the point of perfection, but they have tell-tale electric blue eyes. AZULEAN: Azulean demons are what some could call "seers" due to their ability to see the various portals that interconnect the Nine Realms, and are in fact also able to manipulate dimensional space. Although invaluable in theory, Azulean demons refuse to use this power unless it is safe to do so for fear of ripping apart the fabric of reality and space itself. Rather petite with a multitude of blue skintones and a prehensile tail similar to a monkey's, Azulean demons are actually rather passive race unless they feel their honor has been insulted through acts of sacrilege or defiance to tradition. Oh, and to anyone who will be wondering: Dante and Virgil are in fact unrelated to DMC in this particular instance, and I just couldn't find better names. Virgil is just Harry's new middle name now...oh, and Dante is married to Alraune. PLZ REVIEW!