roll his black socks down. He's written something on his ankles. I pull his jeans up and read it. It's the club address, and the time. And my initials. I decide not to question him till morning. 'Done. Now you sleep.' He smiles at me and shifts his legs off and kind of falls face first into my lap. Face first. Potter. What am I to do with you? He nudges his head around and it's attacking my groin. His arms touch my neck and he's dragging me down because my head dips down and he kisses my neck again. And my earlobe. He bites it. Then stops. I don't know why I don't stop him. I want this. Of course I want it. But I mustn't let it override my decency. He shifts up again. He's a mess. 'Don't you like me?' 'I like you.' 'Then why can't you let me fuck you?' Merlin's fucking beard, I don't know why not. It doesn't matter that he's drunk. But it does. 'Because you're drunk. If you weren't, I'd have my clothes off and you on me,' and I can't believe I've said it. 'I'd have you on me and I wouldn't let you go if you weren't drunk, alright, Potter?' He moans softly. I think he sees me looking alarmed because he laughs. And then, he starts undoing his buttons. I don't question it. I do what I'm good at. I pull away. Just enough so he cant try to kiss me again. For all this drunk foreplay, we've never kissed. He slips out of his shirt, crawls over to the other side of the bed and pulls his knees up so he's lying in a knot. He looks at me and swallows. Then says, 'I'm going to sleep.' 'Okay.' 'Sleep next to me.' Not with this again. Hes not thinking it through. He'll wake up and hex me. 'It's okay.' 'It's not. Nightmares every time. It doesn't happen when there's someone holding me. Hold me,' he adds as an afterthought. Everything he says is blurred and I tell myself to keep thinking that because he's drunk. And I'm decent. But he's not lying. I know about the nightmares. It slipped out accidentally at the party. I slip out of my shoes, not bothering the socks. Unbutton just the top four buttons. I pause, glance at him, and undo the rest. I lie next to him while he pulls the covers on himself. I reach for them, but he pulls it all his way. I move closer to him. I try again, but he's keeping the covers on his side. I shift and I put my head in the arch of his neck- he's inclined, he's got three pillows more than I do. He pulls the cover on me. Turns, covers me with his arms. Closes his eyes, moves a little. Runs a hand on my chest and then kisses my shoulder. He whispers goodnight. I don't sleep for at least an hour. I listen to his breathing, I try to feel all of him I can. I turn and face him, and kiss his lips softly. By the time I wake up, he's changed and, from the looks of his hair, showered. I haven't been hexed. He's sitting across the bed and staring at me like he cant help it. His hair's on his forehead, eyes attentive, and he's practically paralyzed. I cant even see him breath. I get up and search his eyes. he looks at me with an odd reverence. 'Morning, Potter.' 'Morning.' He smiles. 'Pancakes?' We're at his kitchen- it's an open one, off the back of his living room. He's showing off flipping his pancakes and I'm watching him at the counter. He serves a few onto my plate and summons butter and syrup and sugar. He flips some more right into his plate. I try not to look his way because what will I say? I don't know what to expect, so I really just wait for him to start. I cant help but notice he's staring. He always has. In the Great Hall, across Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw's tables. I'd turn away just before he caught me looking. Sometimes. I'd sneer sometimes. I never smiled. So I turn to look at him and give him the most genuine smile I've got. I don't know what I'm thinking. He chuckles. Then smirks. 'How was my bed, Malfoy?' 'It could've been better.' 'What could I have done to make it better?' 'Me.' This is exactly where I want this conversation to go. In the light of the morning, when he's sober and awake and completely attentive, and he's aware he wants me. In this moment, i wouldn't challenge that he does. It's in his eyes, his face, his smile and in me. 'But I did offer. You were too decent. That's your fault, isn't it?' His smirk is killing every word I try to say. But I manage. 'Maybe.' He takes a bite of his pancake slowly. i can precisely the moment of his tongue lapping it up, and the curve in his lips curls up dramatically. he's even got syrup on his bottom lip. I resist the pull to lick it off. I laugh. 'What's that for?' 'Meager attempts at seduction.' 'Meager?' 'Yes. Meager.' He licks his lips and pushes our plates out of the vicinity. He reaches up, turns the chair I'm on so I'm fully accessible and lifts me onto the counter. He's smiling and I'm smiling. Four fucking years, who knew. He kisses my bottom lip and he's drawing things out of me and giving me something back at the same time. He continues sucking on my lip and works his tongue into mine. It's the ineffable kind of bliss you can't get close to narrating. 'Malfoy,' he breathes, 'Draco Malfoy.' He's speaking against my mouth and he shudders when I whisper, 'Finally,' and take him by the back of his neck.