him open the bathroom door by whispering a spell. When I open my eyes a few minutes later, we're standing in front of the door to the Room of Requirement. He opens the door and I watch over his shoulder as we enter the room and the door immediately disappears. I turn my head and take on the lovely scene. There's a lit stone fireplace with a comfortable love seat in front of it and a couple arm chairs. There's a small table with a plate of sweets and, looking around, there's bookshelves lining every wall. In the corner, I find a large 4-poster bed with soft blue bedding. I see a door which must lead to a bathroom. "It's perfect," I breathe out and I feel tears well up in my eyes as he gently sets me on the couch and kicks off his shoes by the fireplace before walking over to the bed and pulling back the covers. No one had ever done anything so kind. He waltzes back over to me and takes the vial of dreamless sleep from my hands and sets it on the small table of sweets. "C'mon sleepy head. Time to sleep. We'll sort everything out tomorrow. Right now your body needs to recover," he says with an amused smirk as I fall back against the cushions with a yawn. I nod and find myself swaying forward. Draco catches me with a soft chuckle and lifts me into his arms. Next thing I know, I'm laying on a cloud of fluffy blue and gray pillows, silky sheets, and soft blankets. "Mm...goodnight Mr. Cloud," I mumble incoherently, causing Draco to chuckle again while tucking me underneath the duvet. I'm vaguely aware of him tipping my head back and the familiar taste of Dreamless Sleep potion sliding down my throat. I hear him walk away and I catch him about to lay down on the couch when I shoot my head up and ask, "What about the cuddling part? You said we could cuddle after you fix me up," I say in a childish tone of voice. I see him smile at my own delusional state and then walk back towards the bed, slip under the covers, and wrap me in his strong arms as I snuggle against his side and use his bicep as a pillow. I inhale his subtle scent of fresh parchment, sweet mint, and vanilla before falling into a peaceful, very much welcomed, darkness. A/N: I really hope you guys enjoyed! As I said before, there's a poll up on my profile page so that you guys can vote on this remaining a one-shot, or a full story. Thanks so much for your amazing support so far! I love you all so much! Thank you a bazillion times over, and as always, please favorite, follow, and review! Also, please check out my other stories: Unconditionally Unconventional (A Draco & OC WIP) and Bright Side (A Dramione WIP) Lots of lovely lovely love, Mae :) Update as of March 7, 2017 Hey guys! I'm happy to let you all know that this is now a WIP! Thanks to all your amazing support, I've decided to turn this into a multi-chapter fic! *please hold your applause* Seriously though, you guys have no idea how much your reviews and everything mean to me. I love all of you, even the viewers who don't fav and follow...JK ;) I can't thank you all enough. I plan on publishing chapter two sometime next week or maybe sooner. I'm going to keep this a "complete" story even though technically it's not. As for the next chapter, uhh...some of you may think Draco and Hermione are moving a little fast, and I completely understand what it's like to be annoyed by that. I'm just a huge Dramione fan and I specialize in fluff and smut. Therefore, I apologize in advance and I will try to keep my fan girl side on the down low for the first few chapters so that the plot can actually develop. Not that every chapter won't be full of loads of fluffy goodness... Before you read this, I'd like to mention that the following is a request and NOT a demand. I'm not going to trap you into reviewing if you want to read the next chapter. I'd like to very politely ask to make it to 50 favorites, 30 follows, and 15 reviews before I publish chapter two. Again, this is just a personal goal, but I will still be publishing regardless of the number of reviews I get. (But it would still mean the world to me if you reviewed :) Thank you again so much and I will be doing specific shoutouts next chapter, so please review if you want to be a part of that. Also, let me know what you think of the first person POV. I was a bit hesitant to write in 1st person, as I know many are hesitant to READ 1st person POV, but I think it's worked out okay so far. How 'bout you? Please be sure to check out my other fanfic, Unconditionally Unconventional (I know, stupid title, I'll change it later probably). It's a Draco + Original Character WIP fic written in 3rd person limited (mostly) POV with Draco as the POV. Hermione will be featured in the next chapter which will be posted very soon as well. Please check it out. I promise you it's worth your time! LOTS of fluff! It's kind of like COSLI. Anyway, I'll be sure to publish chapter two ASAP and also, I've been trying to edit this chapter, work out all the kinks (grammar & spelling mistakes). You know how it is, so let me know if you see any and be sure to PM me anytime or review if you have any questions. As always, LOTS of love, Mae 3 (Is it immature of me to think that "heart" looks like a butt?)