be dosed every hour for at least the next couple days. Even then, I'm not sure…" "Then dose him. We'll never know until we try." Poppy hesitated. "That potion is already in short supply. I can't allow others to go untreated for the sake of a…" "He's not a Death Eater. I know it seemed that way, but… look, I don't have time to explain just now. What matters is that he needs treatment. I'm not leaving until he gets it." "It isn't that simp…" Poppy trailed off, returning her attention to Snape as he let out a rasping noise. Suddenly, he couldn't seem to catch his breath, his eyes flying open as he gasped for air. Hermione opened her own mouth, ready to beg for help, but Poppy had already lifted her wand. She touched it to the wound at his neck, murmuring several charms in rapid succession. "What was that?" Hermione said, sighing in relief as Snape started to breathe more easily. "What did you do?" "He's got two holes in his throat that aren't supposed to be there. Makes it much harder to draw in enough air, especially in his weakened condition." "You sealed them off?" Poppy nodded. "I don't know how long it will hold, but it should be good enough for now." Snape's eyes were still open, but he wasn't looking at them. His gaze was fixed on the ceiling, his expression bewildered. "Professor Snape?" "I doubt he can hear you," Poppy said, withdrawing a vial from her pocket. "The blood loss is hitting him hard now, not helped by lingering shock and a great deal of pain. He's delirious – would probably be ranting and raving if he was capable of speech." "Is there anything I can do?" "Hold his mouth open, will you? I need to get these potions in him." Hesitantly, Hermione brought her hand to Snape's face, sliding a thumb between his lips. "A little wider. Yes, that's good." Poppy leaned forward, dribbling a bit of Blood Replenisher onto his tongue. She waited for his reflexive swallow and then repeated the process, emptying the vial before she reached for a different potion. "What's that?" "Pain reliever. Strongest one I have. It'll put him out for a day or two, though that's probably for the best. If he's going to recover, his body will need plenty of time to rest and heal." "What are his chances?" "Truthfully?" Poppy sighed. "I don't know. I've never seen a wound like this, nor anyone who managed to survive after losing so much blood." "But he's made it this far," Hermione pointed out. "Isn't that a good sign?" "Maybe, though it won't matter if I don't have enough potion to go around. I'm hoping for a delivery from St. Mungo's, but I'm not sure when…" "Blood Replenisher," Hermione interrupted. "Is that all he needs?" "That's the most urgent one, yes, especially since he'll need a great deal of it. I'm a little low on pain reliever, but we should have enough to get by." Hermione glanced at Snape, relieved to see that he was unconscious again, his face no longer contorted with pain. "I need to go take care of something," she said. "Will he be all right here?" Poppy shrugged. "There are plenty who won't be happy about it, but I'll not have anyone causing trouble in my ward. I'll put him down at the end where he's less likely to be disturbed." "If anything happens…" "You'll be the first to know." "Thank you," Hermione said as she turned to leave. "I'll be back a little later." She hadn't realized how tired she was, her eyes bleary as she trudged down the hall. Nonetheless, she headed straight for the dungeons, not stopping until she'd reached Professor Slughorn's office. She knocked several times, on the verge of giving up when he finally opened the door. "Ah," he said, smoothing a hand over his striped pajamas. "One third of the famous Golden Trio! What can I do for you, my dear?" "I need bat wings," she said, "salamander blood and toadstool caps. Do you have them?" "I do, though I can't imagine wanting to brew at a time like this. Shouldn't you be off celebrating?" "The last thing I want to do right now is celebrate. Please, I just need to make a couple potions." "Right," he said. "Come with me." At first, she was afraid that he'd stick around to supervise her. Instead, he unlocked the storeroom, telling her to help herself to whatever she needed. "Now if you'll excuse me, dear, I really must be getting back to bed." "Of course. Thank you, Professor Slughorn." Hermione didn't know how long she stayed in the Potions classroom, barely able to keep her eyes open as she set half a dozen cauldrons to simmer. She produced one batch and then another, refusing to stop until every bit of the ingredients had been used. At half past midnight, she finally made her way back to the Hospital Wing, her arms laden down with several trays of potions. She set them on the floor next to Snape's bed, taking a moment to check on his condition. He looked slightly better, his neck now bandaged with strips of clean white linen. "Good gracious! How did you…" Poppy trailed off, shaking her head in disbelief. "Will it be enough?" "Yes, I'd say so. In fact, I'd be surprised if I didn't have plenty left over." Hermione nodded, reaching up to stifle a yawn. "All right then. I'll see you tomorrow." She didn't know how she made it up to Gryffindor tower, nor did she have the energy to speak to Harry or Ron. She didn't even have it in her to wonder what the morning would bring, what the future might hold for Snape or how he'd feel about what she'd done. All she could do was collapse on the closest couch, feeling strangely satisfied as she drifted off to sleep.