to change the dressing on her wound," Madame Pomfrey said stiffly. She had let them stay long enough and there was no amount of buttering up that would allow them to stay now. With heavy sighs and groans her friends began to shuffle out, waving goodbye and promising to drop by later to visit. But Lara insisted that they only came when they got some proper sleep. Just as Remus was about to get up and leave, Lara looked to Madame Pomfrey. "Madame Pomfrey, can Remus stay?" Lara asked, looking at the healer with pleading eyes. "It'll distract me from the pain." The healer would have preferred if he left, but judging by the state Lara was in and the wound that she would need to dress, she figured it would do more good than harm to allow him to stay. "If he doesn't object, I don't see the problem." "You don't even have to ask," Remus said as Lara turned her head to look at him. He gave her a smile and her heart felt lighter. With the wave of her wand, the blanket that was covering Lara had been shifted, just enough to uncover her injured leg. "This may hurt, but I'll be as quick as I can." Lara had taken the healers warning as an opportunity to grasp Remus's hand firmly, holding onto it for support. She inhaled sharply when she felt the bandage being removed, and her face scrunched up in pain as the wound was being cleaned. "Tell me something, to distract me." She was impressed with the fact that she had managed to get the words out but she kept her eyes trained on Remus. "I love you." "What?" She breathed out her mind racing a hundred miles a minute. He loves me? "I asked for a distraction not for you to give me a heart attack." "Sorry," Remus laughed and the sound was music to her ears. "But I do. I love you and I was so scared when Lily said that they couldn't find you. I was about to go running back in but then I got news James had found you," Remus said in a more serious tone. "I've been trying to run away from my feelings but today made me realise that if I had lost you I would never forgive myself for not telling you just how much I love you." She didn't realise that she had begun to cry, only noticing the wet tears falling onto her cheeks when he reached out to wipe them away. It had certainly been a good distraction because she hadn't been paying attention to the pain and Madame Pomfrey had finished changing the dressing and had just placed the blanket back on top of her, leaving before she had even realised. "She's finished now." "Help me sit up will you?" He moved forward and grabbed her just underneath her arms and pulled up, allowing her to now sit upright with her pillows behind her. "Does it still hurt?" "A little, but it feels much better now." "I-I'm sorry if that was too straight forward, I just-I needed to say it." There was a pink tinge to his cheeks and Lara had never seen such a beautiful thing before. She was absolutely besotted with Remus. "It wasn't, I promise. I-I," Lara looked down at her hands suddenly feeling shy. "I love you more than anything I've ever loved before," She admitted. "I just never thought you'd feel the same." When she glanced back up at him with a pink flush to her cheeks and him gazing at her with those sparkling eyes she felt herself melt once more. He leaned forward, pushing her chin up with his fingers before pressing his lips to hers. It was slow and sensual, the movement of his soft lips brushing against hers. She felt like she would combust on the spot with the way he was kissing her. He held her gently, like she was fine china, his fingers now splayed across her neck, the pressure and mere touch of his skin against hers setting her alight. She tilted her head to the side a little bit to give her a better angle, this time her own mouth moving against his harder as she was desperate to have more of him. When she moved closer, eager to leave no space between them, she moved too far and too fast for her leg, causing her to gasp against his lips. Remus was quick to pull back in fear that he had hurt her, but she quickly shook her head to reassure him that she was alright. The rise and fall of her chest was fast as she caught her breath, and she noticed with pink cheeks that Remus also looked quite flustered. "I think we're getting a bit ahead of ourselves," Remus admitted. "I was a bit too eager for someone in my condition," Lara giggled to herself, leaning back against her pillows. "Sorry." His smile was sheepish and she wanted nothing more than to just kiss him again. "Don't ever apologise for kissing me like that," Lara sighed dreamily as he intertwined their fingers together. "Alright." They sat there for the rest of the day, their hands intertwined and smiles never leaving their faces because they knew whatever happened next, they'd always be by each others side. Was this boring or was it just me? I don't even know why I'm posting this, I've been having a stressful time, and I guess I just wanted some Remus fluff to cheer me up. He's so nice, I wish I had a Remus Lupin to hug whenever things were getting bad. Wow, this was a gloomy Authors Note, oops. Let me know if you liked this, hated this, whatever it is! Much Love, Heroherondale. x Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter all rights belong to J.K Rowling and respective owners. I only own my OC and creative genius.