and had begun search for Riddle remaining wart. The team members were searching everywhere for some information regarding any spirit like creature in or around Britian. It was sheer luck that some travellng wizard had been attacked by some dark cloak like creature near Albania. It was just luck that he managed to apparate away and reach the ministry inspite being splinched. Sirius was in the auror respond team and got all the information he needed. A team of aurors and unspeakables left to get hold of the wart. They well prepeared and it was good because Riddle's wart did put up a good fight. They were able to drain its energy and bind it in manacles. They portkeyed directly to the DOM. Croker examined the wart and said "I think we are missing something, you- know-who should have died or atleast magically drained if we killed all the horcruxes. It means there is more. I think we need to check out Godric Hallow for some clues." Croker did have his doubts and it proved her when they found the ruby decked dragger that was famed to belong to Godric Gryffindor. Croker said " Just as I thought, when the magic backlash happened that night. It vanquished Riddle but I am guessing a piece of soul latched in young Potter. If you could bring Potter to the department we can take a look." Sirius took Harry to DOM the next day and the examination proved very simple. Harry began to cry just entering into the department office area. The next room had Voldermort's remaining bit. He was clutching his head while crying. They took him out immediately and Croker said, " that proves that he might have a piece of soul in him. I think we need assistance from the goblin. They are best in these cases." Sirius immediately decided to go to the bank where he explained to the situation to the goblin who asked to set a ritual cleaning ceremony. The ritual was set for the new moon day. The creature formally know as Lord Voldermort was set down in the ritual circle binding him. Harry was set in another one. The goblins began chanting and curse breakers created wards to contain Harry and the wart inside. Sirius was besides himself in worry. Croker sent him out. Soon Harry began screaming. Sirius ran back inside and was shocked to see black tar like substance oozing out of the scar and the wart seem to be withering. Soon a flash of golden light was there. It covered Harry like a shield. Suddenly Harry stood up and spread his hands and white energy emerged and hit the wart, which burst into a thousand smitherins. The golden orb dispersed and Harry was sitting down smiling as if nothing happened. Everyone present was looking at him in awe. Sirius recovered first and ran over and help Harry close , kissing him over and over. Finally, the biggest threat looming over them was gone and finally there was peace and now he was going to fulfill his promise to Prongs and Lily. He was going to raise Harry as a Potter , Black and most important of it all as a Marauder. EPILOUGE 10 Years Later. The Platform 9 3/4 was bustling with train would be leaving in 15 mins and Sirius Black was waiting for his son to come say his final goodbyes before he left to Hogwarts for his first year. It has been some incredible 10 years after destroying Voldermort, whom Dumbledore still believes to be alive and bidding his time. Dumbledore had approached him and the Longbottoms numerous time with offers from training to mentoring or some other rot about making them humble or so. Sirius, Remus or the Longbottom denied access to the boys. They sat the boys down recently and told them the truth about the past. Though Harry knew James and Lily, he was not completely familiar with their death and its circumstances. The boy was miserable for days until everyone started pranking him very badly. He didnt respond at first but the ultimate prank from Minvera had done the trick. He was pulled out of his musing with a loud screeching, he turned to see Molly Weasley hurrying toward the train with her hoard of children behind her. She saw and turned her face as in disgust. He couldn't care less. "Hey Dad", Harry walked towards him, he was well built for a 11 year old and thin and messy hair like James, well he was exactly James but he had Lily's emerald eyes. "Well, Harry all set are you?" Frank and Alice came behind them and Neville was very excited and started talking to Harry, while Frank indicated towards where the Weasleys were standing, when Sirius turned they saw Molly and the youngest two looking at Harry. That spelt trouble. Dumbledore had tried to create a marriage contract for Harry and Ginny but it was blocked by the goblin who loved Harry a lot. Harry was important figure in the wizarding world with investment and charity activities that helped the wizarding world into progress. The Malfoy family was just ahead of them, Cissy and Sirius had reconnected along the line and became close as they were when they were kids. Draco and Harry were bit wary in the begining and gradually become friends they were not as close as Harry and Neville but they were good friends. Sirius was looking forward to hearing every prank the boys placed. They were as good as the marauders and they had their specialialties. Harry was great at Charms and transfiguration, Neville was strong in Herbology and Charms and Draco was a potion expert and had a mean wand hand. All in all they were a force to reckon with. The whistle rang and the boys ran to train, the parents waved their goodbyes. Everything was perfect and safe. He had kept his promise to Lily and Prongs.