No, no, he wouldn't make the mistake made by so many overlords, especially when he didn't have the same resources they possessed, yet. Calling anymore allies was out of the question no, most certainly not with the attack against the school. Aforementioned attack had thrown him, loath as he was to admit it, off guard something that could not be permitted to happen again. He needed to reinforce his security as it stood however he did not have the manpower to do such a thing, which was something that irked him to no end. Without more information he was however unable to do anything about it, certainly not after considering his current lack of manpower, minion power rather. If the goblins continued to breed as they did then he might be able to remedy such things but there were still all manner of problems with construction that did keep the populous from growing as fast as it could have, not that he cared. The principal reason was goblins even as a horde despite being dangerous were not exactly to be the most useful. For the moment however he lacked the resources to facilitate any such large scale force of more competent minions. Growing up amongst the non magically talented had taught him well of their strengths. Though flawed and lazy for the most part they had their advantages. His brilliant plan to deal with this was a two part strategy a colossal air burst of magic over the Eurasian continent, or several if such was needed. This of course had its issues while it was possible to generate a tech shattering magical pulse, indeed such was rather simple, getting it large enough posed problems. The second part of the phase required breaking the industrial and academic base, this would be equally as troublesome to facilitate, but in theory doable it would merely require work, research, and of course more minions. While useful Harry was adverse to relying on having minions of other races who could use magic so it could delay things substantially, at least minimally in regards to having access to some of the work. Magic's core principal was belief and following that was wisdom, so long as you knew what you wanted it could be made to happen so long as you had the energy and the concentration to make it so. All magically inclined races had their own unique methods of utilization, each to suit their own whims. There were of course other methods of using magic than simply the wave of an arm and a spoken invocation to smote the enemy, subtler ways most of these would require preparation and further study of course. Runes for example could be etched into stone to form potent defenses something of which Harry had at least minor experiences in dabbling in, but their were other uses, physical enhancement was among those uses and such could prove useful in regards to experimentation. Harry swung his legs off the couch, as was typical he elected to watch the news it was perhaps the only real benefit he saw to technology, not that magic couldn't accomplish the same thing mind you, was TVs ability to show the news. Vernon trudged into the kitchen, the man appeared to be nursing the aftermath of a night of drinking. Life at Privet in summer was subdued at the best of times these days Dudley, and his own minions were in Harry's opinion were like orcs meaning the biggest, and stupidest, was the one in charge, spent the days either lounging or causing trouble about the neighborhood. Petunia would spend her days gossiping and spying on the neighbors for more things to do the prior about. Vernon after the incident basically ate breakfast, went to work, came home, watched the news, and went to bed, rinse and repeat. As to the young wizard well he the spent the mainstay of his time doing one of for things eating, sleeping, plotting or reading, but mainly he spent it plotting. Harry had spent the day before, loath as he was to do such a mundane task as it was, on the most bothersome task of shopping for clothes. Frankly Harry's grades were high enough most schools would have accepted him it was mainly his anti social attitude that was the problem. Of course if it meant getting away from the Stupid Patrol, Dudley and his minions, he would not be above convincing certain members of a school to handle issues involving his enrolment. Irritably the young magic user grabbed a juice as Vernon opened his morning newspaper as was typical and Dudley whopped his stick on the kitchen tiles, again something that had become commonplace. There was a click of the mail slot and then the flop of letters on the doormat, Vernon didn't look up from his paper, "Get the mail, Dudley." A glower came from Harry and the tub of lard scampered off after Harry's hand trailed towards the metal pole when Dudley gripped his smelting stick, though not before he grumbled a bit. When he returned he dropped two things on the table and no one paid any further attention to the matter. Tomorrow however the letter Dudley concealed this day would cause all manner of hell to break loose, but for the mean time Harry would be spending the day practicing the arcane. Chapter conclusion Helltanz's notes: More or less dark High Fantasy style Harry he's pretty much meant to be evil uncaring hateful yada, yada. Overall meant to be an utter bastard, none the less he'll be no where near all powerful in comparison my other fics. He'll be working for it to accomplish his goals, and to be frank this will follow canon closely other than the Death Eaters are more or less active even though Voldemort is out of the picture for the time being a Pureblood social club. If you can call a racist motivated terrorist group a social club.