again, but it still wasn't working. "Oh, this is so embarrassing. The first time I saw you in the coffee shop, you were working? Anyways, I panicked and ordered a black coffee, which, to be honest, I actually can't stand but my brain kind of fritzed out I guess and there were people in line, and, anyways, I had philosophy so I gave my coffee – which I didn't, like, drink any of! – to Kevin. And then, I don't know, he was so happy and we talked about it for a minute and then, well, I had philosophy on Tuesday and Thursday last semester but I've got it Wednesday's and Friday's now and Kevin still likes coffee?" "So, you buy him a coffee twice a week, every week?" Hermione prompted again. "That's… wow." Pansy shrugged, now uncomfortable. "It's not, like, I don't know. He just… It's cold…" Hermione shook her head and stepped forward, grabbing Pansy's upper arms and pulling the girl closer. It was quiet outside and Pansy vaguely registered that she was probably going to be late and then there were soft small lips on hers and a hand on the back of her neck and her knees went weak for gods sakes and maybe she even heard angels sing or something and Hermione was beaming at her and she realized, as they said goodbye and she headed back towards where her class was supposed to be, that she'd do just about anything to see Hermione smile at her like that again. Daphne called her out at the end of April. "I just, like, never even see you anymore, Pansy!" Pansy shrugged uncomfortably. "I don't know, Daph, I'm… busy?" Daphne shook her head. "No. You're with that girl with the big hair. What's her name? Hermy? Hermes? No, that's a scarf, isn't it?" Pansy sighed at her friend but smiled too. "She's just, we're studying together." "Do you, like, kiss all your study-mates goodnight when they walk you home?" Pansy dropped the book she was holding and froze. "Oh please Pansy, I may be, like, kind of dumb but I'm not stupid . Besides. I mean, your boyfriend was gay, and you didn't even realize? I mean…" "Why do people keep bringing that up like it's relevant..." She grumbled, but couldn't help but smile at Daphne. "You don't, um, care?" Daphne laughed and shook her head, tossing herself back onto her bed. "More boys for me then." "You're my favourite, Daph." "I know." "So, I talked to Ginny." Pansy frowned, wondering why Hermione was bringing up little Red. They were lying in the park on a blanket that Hermione had happened to have stashed in her purse, Pansy's head on Hermione's stomach, pointing out clouds that looked like penises and dogs and talking about what they were going to do over the summer. "She wasn't exactly, well, she doesn't really like you, is all." Hermione continued, and Pansy snorted. "Not many people actually like me, Granger." She said, affectionately. Hermione waved a hand dismissively. "People are generally wrong, Pans. Anyways. The point being, I talked to her and she doesn't like you but she's decided that I haven't gone totally mad or anything, so she's willing to put up with you because she's my best friend and I made it very clear I wasn't picking sides." Pansy flushed, turning to look at Hermione. "You… You wouldn't pick her over me?" Hermione frowned. "I just said, I'm not picking any sides." Pansy's heart filled with joy and she couldn't help it, the next words came tumbling out of her mouth. "I love you." She felt Hermione's breathing still underneath her head. "But… I thought… wouldn't you want me to pick you over her?" Pansy laughed and threw her most charming smile back in response. "Darling. She's been your friend for like, ten years? The fact that you wouldn't immediately say, 'hey Red, you're right, this one seems like a right bitch let's forget I was ever so deluded', well." Pansy flushed now, realizing the full weight of what she had said and the fact that Hermione hadn't responded. "You're absolute mad, do you know that?" Pansy nodded. "And, she wants you to stop calling her 'little Red'." Pansy shrugged noncommittally, and drew her eyes back up to the sky. "That one looks like a butterfly." She tried, but she could tell her voice was slightly breathy. Hermione hadn't said it back. She didn't really mean anything. This was all just for laughs. She felt Hermione move and all of a sudden she was peering up into the dark eyes she had dreamt about for so long. "Oh don't be stupid." Hermione said, eyes crinkling with the smile that was pulling at her lips. "I love you too." That night, Pansy learned that no matter how many times she had dreamed about it, absolutely nothing compared to the feeling of Hermione's body on top of hers, their skin slick with sweat, her hands tangled in curly hair and her girlfriend's pink lips pressed between her legs, and she decided she would fall in love with her own name a million times over if only Hermione would keep saying it in that breathy moan, just like she had when Pansy rolled them over and kissed her way across Hermione's body, and that nothing else really mattered except for the fact that her year had gone wildly off course and she wouldn't change a single second of any of it even if she could. She didn't really know who she was, or what she wanted to do, but she knew that a brilliant woman loved her and really, at this point, she didn't think she needed anything else. A/N: So! I wrote this story in the summer and it's been posted to ao3 since then, but I thought it was time to get it up on here as well. I've fallen in love with Pansmione and this was the result. :)