on something else. But then her eyes had found his forearms, admiring the way they looked with the white sleeves of his shirt rolled up to his elbow, moving up to his shoulders, then his chest where his tie was loose around his neck before finally reaching his face, watching his lips move as he spoke to her, breaking the silence. "So, I heard about your fight with Malfoy and Nott," Sirius mentioned in a soft tone. "Are you okay?" His voice held so much worry that she almost wanted to swoon at the sound of his rich voice asking her if she was alright. "You know, you are the first person to ask me that since it happened," Rowan laughed bitterly. Everyone had been so caught up in the drama and the juicy rumours that no one had even bothered to ask her if she was fine. "Really?" He raised a brow and was looking at her with his soft eyes and she was melting from his concern. "Yeah," Rowan sighed. "I'm fine, honestly. The only reason I even reacted to them was because they were talking shit about you," Rowan admitted, her cheeks warming up at her words, especially when he turned to look at her with those dreamy eyes once more. "I'm flattered." He grinned. "You shouldn't be. I-I mean, they usually call me all sorts of names, but I never do anything about it, but when they call out other people that's not right. I had to do something." She looked down at the cauldron she was scrubbing and mentally face palmed. She had never been this flustered around Sirius before but suddenly she was like ice-cream melting on a hot summer's day. "Why would you do that? Stand up for someone like me? I mean, we're not even close friends, we barely spend any time together but you went to all that trouble to protect my name?" Sirius asked. "It's the fact of the matter. That's why I stood up for you. Calling me frivolous names such as mudblood doesn't fuss me. I know the truth and that's all that matters. But with the way they were bad-mouthing you and your friends for being good people was unacceptable, and I decided to teach those ignorant tools a lesson," Rowan explained with an obvious passion. "It's not the first time I've had detention because of something like this and I doubt it'll be the last." "You gotta stop doing that," Sirius said, his deep voice doing all sorts of things to her, causing her to lose track of her train of thought. "What?" She asked, thinking he was referring to her attacking Slytherin's just because they riled her up. "Saying things that make me wanna kiss you," Sirius breathed out causing her jaw to drop in surprise and her heart to beat that little bit faster. "Oh," She said, biting her lip. "I-uh," She was speechless. She frowned when he began to grin at her and flicked some of the soapy water at him. "Oh, sod off, Black." "What?! It's true, you have bewitched me, heart and soul," Sirius said a bit too ostentatiously causing her to laugh, and the sound made his soar causing him to laugh along with her. When they had settled down a little she glanced back up at him to see him giving her a look so intense she didn't know what to make of it, all she knew was that it made her want to kiss him more than she had before. "I mean it," Sirius said, his voice taking on a lower volume. "I've been meaning to tell you, for a while now, but every time I seem to gather my Gryffindor courage you look at me with those eyes and I just, I forget everything," Sirius admitted. "I'm flattered I have that effect on you," Rowan was smiling so hard she was sure her face would crack soon. "It's a bit cruel don't you think? Have you thought about my poor heart?" Sirius asked, taking a step closer towards her, dropping the scrub on the table next to the cauldron that was long forgotten. "I haven't," Rowan said. "I'm sorry. But… have you considered that maybe my heart's hurting just as much as yours is?" That was all the prompting Sirius needed to make the next move, grabbing her waist and pulling her closer towards him with his hands. His lips were needy as they moved against hers, one of his hands moving to cradle her head, his fingers becoming tangled in her brown hair as they kissed. Rowan had never felt more alive than when their skin touched and their lips met, burning a fire deep in the pit of her belly. She grasped at his shirt, pulling him closer to her as they shared a passionate kiss, hitting herself internally for not making a move earlier. To think she had been missing out on all of this all this time just made her heart ache more for him. "I take it that means you're free for Hogsmeade this weekend?" Sirius asked, his eyes dropping from her gaze back down to her pink lips that were swollen from his kisses. "I'm sure I can squeeze you in," She grinned against his lips, going in for one more kiss while they were alone, but even if they were caught in such a compromising position in detention, it didn't matter because it was totally and absolutely worth it. A / N – I hope this wasn't utter trash and that you guys enjoyed it! I just wanted to write about a Hufflepuff kicking ass and a soft Sirius Black. Leave a review to let me know your thoughts and help fuel my procrastination. Much love, and thanks for your support. Heroherondale. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or the characters taken from the series, all ownership goes to J.K. Rowling. I only own my OC and creative genius.