people. I'm sorry if I seem paranoid, it's something you pick up when your number one of Voldemort's hit list." Daphne nodded her acceptance of his apology, but it was Tracey who spoke, "It's ok Harry. We understand. A healthy dash of paranoia is what lets students survive their seven years in Slytherin house. Like we said earlier, we both like you. We actually contemplated approaching you a while ago before any of this happened. We've both always known that our fathers will end up marrying us off. They'll never allow us to be together in a relationship. We are both the heiress' of our families. We have obligations to fulfil. Before now, you were only in line one for one Lordship, so you wouldn't have been able to marry us both, and we couldn't start any kind of short term relationship with a boy before we were betrothed. We'd also agreed not to pursue you since we both liked you. We didn't want to ruin our relationship by trying to compete for your affections. Now it's different though. You're allowed to take on two wives. Apart from that, it comes down to the status of the war. We don't know if you really are the Chosen One, prophesied to take down Voldemort like the Daily Prophet is suggesting, but we both know you'll be central to this war. We don't trust Dumbledore, and we'll never join You-Kno- err… screw it… Voldemort! We want to join your side! Whether you believe us now or not, once you've claimed your Lordships and reconnected with your allies, you will be your own side in this war!" Harry sat there aghast at everything she'd just said. It was like a short speech in and of itself. He was surprised to hear that the Prophet was printing rumours about the prophecy. He wondered how they had come across that information. He briefly considered that some one on Voldemort's side had leaked the news. He knew Voldemort probably wouldn't want anyone to know that there was someone out there who could beat him, but Harry could also see the benefits of leaking it as well. If the public found out that he was the one who had to defeat Voldemort, they would probably started clamoring for him to get on with it. He'd start getting pressured from all sides, and most likely the longer he took to finish him off, the more the public would turn against him. Harry knew he'd need to think on this some more. "Wow… err.. Wow! I don't know what to say." "I guess it would best to tell us if you're even interested in marrying us." Tracy actually looked a little vulnerable after asking the question while Daphne's emotionless mask seemed to harden even more. "Yes of course I do… well… I don't know…. I do... it's just," Harry sighed and took a deep breath. "I do like you two… a lot. I know we don't know each other that well, but I've always known you weren't members of Malfoy's posse. You never harassed me or my friends, and the few times we've spoken you were both always nice. I could tell you're both smart too and then there's the obvious fact that you're both… err… very… beautiful." Tracey smiled brightly at his words, and even Daphne allowed a small upturn of her lips. "It's just the thought of marriage that scares me a little bit. I'm only sixteen!" "We'd just be signing a betrothal contract Potter. We wouldn't have to get married right away." "Oh right. I forgot about that. The other stuff about the alliances is really attractive for me. I don't agree with how Dumbledore or the Ministry is handling this war. I don't want to have to kill, but the current methods aren't working. Now, on the rare occasion they actually manage to capture some Death Eaters, and they get thrown in Azkaban, Voldemort just breaks them out the next day to murder and rape some more. They need to be put down permanently. Even if at least captured properly. Right now all the Aurors and Order are using are stunners while the Death Eaters are throwing around Killing Curses. Even if they aren't going to use the unforgivables, mending an allies broken bones is harder than simply enervating them." Harry noted that Daphne's smile seemed to be growing the more he spoke, and by the end it was actually quite predatory, "I think this could be the beginning of a great relationship. I couldn't have said the words better myself. If we truly want to protect society, it might be a good idea to arrange a little accident for Draco next year. I misplaced severing charm to the groin will do everyone a world of good." Despite Harry's hatred for the boy, and his disgust at the threats he'd made to Daphne, he could help but shudder at the casual way in which she contemplated her revenge. One thing was certain, he never ever wanted to piss off Daphne Greengrass. "So what's next then? Do we head to Gringotts?" "I believe that would be best." "Well if we're really going to do this, you can start calling me Harry, and if its ok I'll call you Daphne and Tracey." "Of course Harry!" Tracey jumped in. "I'm sure that would be fine under the circumstances Pott- Harry." Daphne's voice had softened considerably as she said this. She still didn't seem as relaxed as Tracey, but it was a start. "Great!" Harry began gathering his things before he had a thought. "Say, how did you two sneak passed the Order guard?" "Order?" Tracey asked. "The Order of the Phoenix." Ah yes. I heard about Dumbledore's little vigilante group. They guard you here? We didn't see anyone." "Well there was that one gross drunk guy asleep in the bushes. Daph thought it might just be some muggle thing, but I wasn't sure." Harry just facepalmed and groaned.