Sirius inherited all of the Black family fortune. From what I gathered, the Black family were despicable, but they're richer than even the Malfoys and the Potters combined. He converted enough of it into a muggle bank account and we now have a six bedroom house in central London." Delilah explained. Hermione did a double-take. "Aren't they in excess of five-million pounds?" Hermione asked. "Yep." John said, simply. "Blimey. So you now have it pretty good then. And how are Sirius and Remus?" Ron asked. "They're doing good. Remus is still job-hunting, but he's happy anyway. He always manages to find a way to keep himself busy. Sirius has loads of work to do almost all the time though, especially with Pettigrew escaping Azkaban whilst a Quidditch world cup is being held in Britain." Harry explained. Before they could take the final flight of stairs upwards, Percy's head poked out from behind his door. "Could you keep it down? Oh, hello there." said Percy upon noticing the guests. "What's going on?" Ron asked. "I have a report to write for work, and it's not easy with everyone thundering about the house." Percy said irritably. "We're not thundering, we're just walking normally." Ron retorted. "What are you working on?" Harry asked. The look on Ron's face told Harry immediately that Ron wasn't remotely interested, but Percy's face lit up. "A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation. We're trying to standardize he thickness of cauldron bottoms. Some foreign imports are just too thin." Percy said. "Revolutionary work right there." Ron quipped. The others had to refrain from laughing. Percy blushed. "Sneer now if you like Ron, but when you're purchasing a shoddy cauldron which begins to leak-" Percy began. "Yeah, we get it. We'll try to keep it down." Ron interrupted, trying to avoid Percy's imminent tirade. Percy huffed and slammed his door shut before Ron lead the others back upstairs. Ron's room was largely the same as ever before, though now it had beanbags, courtesy of Sirius. It was a small change to Ron's orange-painted sanctuary, but a welcome one. The six of them spent a further hour catching up, before they were all called back downstairs for dinner. "We'll be eating dinner outside today, there simply isn't enough room for thirteen people." Mrs. Weasley said. She was preparing a great number of dishes, and as usual, Harry found himself marvelling at how adept she was at cooking so many different things at once. She picked up her wand to start having the dishes wash themselves, but it emitted a loud squeak and turned into a rubber mouse. "NOT AGAIN! I TOLD YOU TWO NOT TO LEAVE THESE LYING AROUND!" Mrs. Weasley bellowed. "One of Fred and George's Fake wands. Let's just bring the food outside." Ron said, looking warily at his livid mother. After what must have felt like the nine millionth scolding for Fred and George, dinner was all set outside, and was generally an enjoyable affair. Eventually, the conversation turned to the upcoming Hogwarts year. "Of course the department's very busy at the moment. After the world cup, there's another massive event to organize. The top secret one." Percy said, smugly. "Oh, of course. In fact, this year you'll need dress robes." said Mr. Weasley. "Dress robes? What for?" Ron asked. "I'd rather not spoil everything. Suffice it to say that something big will be happening this year, and a particular Christmas event will mean that you will need them." Percy said cryptically. "Christmas you say? Mind if I buy yours guys? I'd rather not think about getting you a Christmas present on Christmas eve and be forced to show up with a half eaten chocolate frog for each of you at the last minute." said John, smirking. He was referring to Harry, Ron, Hermione, Delilah, Ginny, Fred and George. Everyone laughed, though that did sound like a good idea. John had a habit of forgetting things. He may not have been on Neville's level, but his forgetfulness wasn't to be trifled with. "Well it would certainly beat last year's effort." Hermione quipped. John had bought her a book which Hermione had already talked about having read. Needless to say, John was not listening when Hermione was talking about said book. "I wouldn't mind." Ron shrugged. "You'll be at the world cup though." Mrs. Weasley pointed out. "It's OK. I'll just leave my Gringotts key with you. You're not exactly about to rob me." said John. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley's eyes widened. Clearly they weren't expecting that much trust from John, but Harry, John and Delilah all knew that the Weasleys would never dream of taking advantage of the Potters' wealth. Mrs. Weasley wouldn't spend a single knut outside buying what was on the Hogwarts list and the dress robes. "I'll write down the costs of each set and give it to you when you get back, alright?" Mrs. Weasley asked. She was intent on not abusing John's trust. "Yeah, that's fine. Also, I don't mind how expensive they are, as long as they're not... I dunno, more than let's say... fifty galleons a set." said John. "Oh I doubt I'll find anything more expensive than that." Mrs. Weasley said. "Perfect. That's a chunk of my Christmas present list sorted." said John. "You know... that's lazy, thoughtful and clever at the same time." Delilah quipped. John shrugged. Before long though, the sun began to set, and Mrs. Weasley pointed out that they had to wake up extremely early in the morning to arrive on time at the world cup. "If you want to have some space and actually explore the venue, then you should be leaving at the crack of dawn." said Mrs. Weasley. "Explore the venue? So it's not just a stadium?" John asked. "Hardly! It will almost look something like a portable village!" said Mr. Weasley laughing. That in itself was an intriguing statement that was on everyone's minds as they headed back inside.