was generally an enjoyable affair. Eventually, the conversation turned to the upcoming Hogwarts year. "Of course the department's very busy at the moment. After the world cup, there's another massive event to organize. The top secret one." Percy said, smugly. "Oh, of course. In fact, this year you'll need dress robes." said Mr. Weasley. "Dress robes? What for?" Ron asked. "I'd rather not spoil everything. Suffice it to say that something big will be happening this year, and a particular Christmas event will mean that you will need them." Percy said cryptically. "Christmas you say? Mind if I buy yours guys? I'd rather not think about getting you a Christmas present on Christmas eve and be forced to show up with a half eaten chocolate frog for each of you at the last minute." said John, smirking. He was referring to Harry, Ron, Hermione, Delilah, Ginny, Fred and George. Everyone laughed, though that did sound like a good idea. John had a habit of forgetting things. He may not have been on Neville's level, but his forgetfulness wasn't to be trifled with. "Well it would certainly beat last year's effort." Hermione quipped. John had bought her a book which Hermione had already talked about having read. Needless to say, John was not listening when Hermione was talking about said book. "I wouldn't mind." Ron shrugged. "You'll be at the world cup though." Mrs. Weasley pointed out. "It's OK. I'll just leave my Gringotts key with you. You're not exactly about to rob me." said John. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley's eyes widened. Clearly they weren't expecting that much trust from John, but Harry, John and Delilah all knew that the Weasleys would never dream of taking advantage of the Potters' wealth. Mrs. Weasley wouldn't spend a single knut outside buying what was on the Hogwarts list and the dress robes. "I'll write down the costs of each set and give it to you when you get back, alright?" Mrs. Weasley asked. She was intent on not abusing John's trust. "Yeah, that's fine. Also, I don't mind how expensive they are, as long as they're not... I dunno, more than let's say... fifty galleons a set." said John. "Oh I doubt I'll find many sets more expensive than that." Mrs. Weasley said. "Perfect. That's a chunk of my Christmas present list sorted." said John. "You know... that's lazy, thoughtful and clever at the same time." Delilah quipped. John shrugged. Before long though, the sun began to set, and Mrs. Weasley pointed out that they had to wake up extremely early in the morning to arrive on time at the world cup. "If you want to have some space and actually explore the venue, then you should be leaving at the crack of dawn." said Mrs. Weasley. "Explore the venue? So it's not just a stadium?" John asked. "Hardly! It will almost look something like a portable village!" said Mr. Weasley laughing. That in itself was an intriguing statement, and it was on everyone's minds when they walked back towards the house. As they headed back into the house though, Delilah nudged John and Harry, and gave a pointed look towards Ron. "What?" John asked, confused. Delilah rolled her eyes, before pointing with her head at Hermione. Harry narrowed his eyes in confusion. "Oh for goodness sake." Delilah whispered under her breath. "Talk to Ron about... the letter." she said. "Oh! Yeah, right, we'll get on that!" said John. "Boys..." Delilah muttered. Harry had the courtesy to let out a sheepish grin. Sure enough, that evening, John brought up the topic of Hermione whilst he, Harry and Ron were in Ron's room with no one else to eavesdrop. "So Ron... about the last letter you sent. What's going on with you and Hermione? I mean when I read it, I thought you just fancied her, but at dinner I could have sworn both of you are acting... differently around each other." said John. Ron's ears went pink immediately. "Wait... John's right?" Harry teased. "It's been known to happen. But seriously Ron... what's going on?" John asked. "I... dunno actually. I mean she's looking really good and all, but isn't there some sort of rule about not fancying your friends?" Ron asked. "Not really. Besides, we were friends with Hermione before we all started thinking with our penises or vaginas." said John, bluntly. "Lovely image. But John's right. Why don't you just talk to her? I'm pretty sure something's going on with Hermione too." said Harry. "I don't see it. I'd rather wait for something more... concrete if you know what I mean. Besides, wouldn't she want someone with more brains?" Ron asked. "OK... yeah she's really clever, but if she was specifically after someone as smart as her, she'd die a virgin." John replied. Harry and Ron laughed. "What do you mean by concrete though?" Harry asked. "I dunno... just more of a sign than whatever you two have somehow spotted." said Ron. John rolled his eyes. "You didn't notice when she was playing with her hair whilst talking to you? I mean fine, you two weren't outright flirting, but come on... that's classic flirting behaviour!" said John. "Girls are always playing with their hair." Ron said dismissively. "Not during conversations." John pointed out. Ron looked to Harry. "I can't actually say. John's the Cassanova here." said Harry. "John's the what?" Ron asked. "This muggle who was famous because he had loads of success with women." said Harry. "But I can't take your word for it just like that can I? I mean... let's say I started something up with Hermione. That'd be pretty different from what you've done with most girls outside of Katie." said Ron. "Well that's true. But I doubt Hermione would want something like what I've done either." said John. "I reckon you should just wait a bit, but not too long. You do need to talk to her." said Harry. "Err... alright, if you say so." said Ron.