full lips. I went to him and talked to him and thirty minutes into the conversation, he lead me to a couch. There were strippers wearing next to nothing everywhere. There, Aiden took off his shirt and cast it to the floor. And kissed me. Held me by the back of my neck. It was all so sudden, all so demanding. I'd ever felt anything quite like it. He kissed me and held my arms up over my head so I wouldn't move while he marked my neck. I enjoyed all of it. I like Aiden. We went on for the next two months I was there. He's seventeen. He plays the violin. He called himself a kinky fuck. ' Look, before we do anything you don't want to, you should know I'm a kinky fuck.' He thought my name was a fake. ' Draco Malfoy. Hmm.' He sighed. 'that's such a fucking beautiful name, but it sounds made up. Too beautiful. Still, real or not, credits to you, Draco.' I liked his accent. I liked it when he told me about sex. I told him I was from this mad religious boarding school in London. He'd tell me so much. Talking dirty, he said. He'd tell me about sex, sex toys, kinks, roleplay. We proceeded to do all of it. And every time we did, I'd imagine a different shade of green looking at me. Brilliant green. I'm still in love with Potter. And I've discovered I'm a kinky shit. A bottom. I can definitely see Potter topping. Then I stop myself. It doesn't help to think kinky Potter thoughts. It never helps. Yet, against all the reason in me, I decide I need a Potter fix. I go to the room, sit in the mirror and stare. All I've ever done is stare. I stand in front of the infernal mirror and watch Potter kissing me again. It's strange, watching yourself partake in every mad desire you've had, but never really feeling it. I look like someone lucky to me, when I watch myself in the mirror. When I watch mirror me make Potter moan. Potter's kissing me tauntingly, I realize. My hands are bound behind me, and he's taunting me with every touch. I realize what the mirror's showing me. I'm apparently moaning, and Potter strikes my crotch with his hand to silence me. I'm wearing pajamas. Red, soft ones. They're Potter's. He kisses up my chest to my neck, and starts biting down there. Mirror me makes some sound again, and ends up with a thumb in his mouth to suck. This is all Aiden, but better. I sit down and watch mirror me get fucked in the most sordid ways. By Harry Potter. I walk out when they- we?- stop. There's got to be cuddling and forehead kisses and the soft, romantic stuff next. That breaks me. At least I got a good wank out of the mirror sex. ( sixth year ) Every minute i'm not fixing the cabinet or in lessons I'm here. I want to talk to Potter. I want to show him my mark and make him kiss it away or something. (he'll figure out how. He's my miracle boy.) All he's been doing is following me around. It's ridiculous. It's childish. And it makes me want to give in. Sometimes, when he corners me, I imagine his face softening and his features melting and him whispering, softly: Draco, I'm in love with you. But he taunts me and shouts at me and I play my part like I always end up doing. All I've wanted to do after the Ministry scandal was comfort him. I thought of writing a letter. A letter confessing my feelings, my confusion, my regret and my sorrow. My lack of choice. I can't imagine ever sending it to him. Dear Potter, I've been in love with you since we were children and I realized it right after a Boggart with your face told me he'd never love me, after which I saw us kissing in the mirror of erised. I'm sorry about your godfather. I'm sorry about your life. You never deserved it. You deserve something promising. My family is fucked and I've had to become a Death Eater. The Dark Lord wants me to kill the Headmaster. Which I've got to do, seeing the other option is him wiping off the Malfoys. Every moments I'm not staring at you or doing the Dark Lord's bidding, I'm wanking angrily to you fucking me in the mirror. I'm in love with you. There isn't anything I wouldn't do to protect you. there isn't any line I wouldn't cross to be able to talk to you or touch you or have you happy with me. But I know I can't have it. Please, run. Your chances can't always be tested. Live a little for yourself. Love, Draco. M. I did actually write this. It's in my hands now, and I'm in front of the mirror. Just like every other time. I cast the letter to fire, then put my wand back on the floor. Then look straight ahead. I watch Voldemort die. And Harry run from behind him into my arms. And Father and Mother shaking hands with and embracing Potter. I watch the dark mark disappear from my arm the moment Harry touches it. I close my eyes and sleep beside the mirror. I wonder if I'll dream of him. I dream of him a lot. But he's either dying, or fucking me. I wonder if I'll get a proper Potter dream fix. ( seventh year ) I watch Voldemort die. I watch Harry somehow survive, happily, with all his friends alive and around him. I watch us fucking. I watch my parents and Potter. And I watch myself fighting the War, against the Death Eaters. I know the war's coming. I've no idea where I'll stand. All I know is, I'll be protecting Potter. Always.