kill them. They dont deserve to live or to use the gift of magic and this my revenge for what Bella did to me. You may see me as a dark witch or whatever you please but I intend to do this because I have seen what they did to the world before because Dumbledore threw them into Askaban when they should have been executed for the type of crimes they committed. I swore on everyone I hold dear to finish them." She ranted and finally broke down. Sirius came over to her and hugged her and kissed her hair and said " Kitten, we dont hold this against you, we know exactly what those bastards are capable of and your plan and decision is the best. No point in keeping them in this world when it is a better place without them. Plus their death is not on our wands rather on the war wards so everything is fair game. The other couples agreed to this. They had the golems completed and placed and war wards were activiated, the Potters and the Longbottoms along with Sirius and Hermione portkeyed into Potter Manor. It was around 2 in the morning. They activiated the wards and Hermione added some of her own and made the place so secure even Dumbledore could enter with express permission, which was exactly her aim. She sat down and said " Dumbledore left Harry on the doorstep of the Dursley home in Privet Drive and he was discovered in the morning so we have to go there anytime between now and say 6 and vanish the baby. I would be surprised though if Dumbledore would have guessed if the baby is a fake". Sirius and James snorted and said "Never." "Okay , so I know you are curious and frankly its a huge story so I would prefer going to Privat Drive and completing the task and then sitting down for story time." It was then decided that Sirius and Hermione would go and the others would settle down the boys and take a bit of rest. Sirius retirved his motorcycle and held out his hand. She was bit skeptical about the flying. He pulled her gently and said "Trust me". She felt warm and fuzzy. 'Merlin , now is not the time to relive your stupid crush, but Godric, he looked delicious 'she thought. She climbed on and he cast a sticking charm for good measure. She held on to him and he flew to Surrey quickly. He parked the bike a bit away , near a park and they walked to the house. It was cold , Hermione was shivering but her heart was broken to think of poor little Harry who was thrown on the doorstep by Dumbledore. The least she could hope was that he had cast some warming charms. No she changed it all. There will be no Harry on the doorstep anymore nor will Harry grow up abused. Yes she had changed the bloody future for good. Sirius vanished the golem, burned the letter. The Dursleys will remain unaffected and have their perfectly normal life. They quickly traveled back. Waiting for them were hot chocolates and eager faces. Hermione signed and sat down and began her tale. She told the story of the Boy-Who -Lived . The tale of how the boy saved a girl from the troll and how they became friends to the adventure they had saving the philsophers stone. She went to talk about her 2nd year how Harry was abused in the Dursley household and later Hogwarts and the Chamber of Secerts. She went on to talk about Sirius escaping Askaban to capture and kill Wormtail and all that happened in the 3years. Then came the triwizard tournament to the rebirth of Voldermort and the dementors from Umbridge and the hearing. The 5th years struggle and battle of DOM. She explained the death of Sirius and Harry's depression and isolation. She spoke of her attempts to contact him and Dumbledore convincing talk to keep Harry alone. She stopped for a break she could feel the highly wrought emotions the friends were going through. Lily and Alice went to check on the boys and came back , she launched the 6th year tale that ended with Dumbledore death which felt satisfying, it seem Karma was a bitch, he suffered but not enough then though now he would vanish from the wizarding mind to be remembered as a senile old man. She explained the task left by Dumbledore and the goddamn riddles and running across the country for the horcruxes. She explained Regulas sarifice and other objects much to the horror of the listeners. Finally she spoke about Ron leaving them and his return , their capture and her torture in Malfoy Manor. The Gringotts escape was met with admiration which worried her. Later the final battle and the betrayal and the following events. When she finished she felt relived and she shared her burden. The couples and Sirius had ashen face , they were furious for what the world had come to. They felt helpless but vowed to help the girl .. no woman in front of them to achieve her targets. They were caught in a turmoil of emotions. It seem two anicent houses were targetted and was wiped out and cheated for wealth. Some drastic measures needed to be taken to bring it in control. It was time House Potter or rather the Earl of Gryffindor took control of things along with Earl Blackmoor and Earl of Greenwood. The three powerful house could change the political scene and it was time for some high level pranking to change thinking based on blood and origin. This is completely AU , the characters belong to JK Rowling , but the plot is something that keep hopping around my head. I hope you like the story line. Please review and keep looking out for the following chapters... Toodles...