was a few blankets laid out on the ground with cushions atop, bottles of firewhisky and some lighter drinks scattered around and plenty of food. "Come on, let's go sit down," Remus said, guiding Lana to an empty spot that was just for her. The rest of the night was spent with bright smiles, and laughter bubbling up and out of them. Stories were shared, food was eaten til their bellies were full and all had a little taste of the singular bottle of firewhisky that Sirius and James had been able to get their hands on at this time of year. But nonetheless they all had a splendid time. Some more gifts were given and Lana was sure that she had the greatest group of friends in the universe, and she made sure to tell them all that with lots of hugs and even a few kisses on the cheek, earning herself a lot of teasing from Sirius and James, in particular a whistle when she had planted a soft peck on Remus's cheek for organising the entire thing with Lily and getting her there in the end. But it was now nearing a few hours later and it was decided that they should all head back to school lest they be caught. Plus the fact that they all had responsibilities to attend to early the next morning. But Remus insisted that he and Lana stay back, claiming that he had to show her something. The others had all giggled to themselves quietly before bidding them goodnight, heading off to the Castle, leaving Remus and Lana alone. Lana was enjoying staring at the night sky, the stars shining bright only to be distracted when Remus took one of her hands in his own. "May I have this dance?" "There's no music, Remus," Lana said, her brows furrowed, surprise erupting on her face when suddenly with the wave of his wand, a soft classical tune played in the background. "I guess since you've remedied that… Yes, you may have this dance." She took his hand, accepting the dance, gasping when he pulled her close, one of her hands resting against his chest, the other around his neck. She had to do her best to stop her racing heart, but it was hard when he was in such close proximity, especially considering she could smell the musky scent that just radiated off him. He had one hand on her shoulder, the other resting on the small of her back as they swayed to the music. Her feet moved effortlessly, and eventually she rested her head against his chest as they moved together elegantly. "Close your eyes," Remus whispered. "Why?" She asked, looking up at him with curious eyes. "I have another gift for you, I want it to be a surprise." They had stopped dancing and were now standing still, but the music still echoed in the background. "Another gift? What are you going to do Remus, give me the entire world?" She teased. "If you want it," He replied with a grin, a twinkle in his eye. Lana rolled her eyes, yet even in the dim fairy light Remus was able to catch it. "Do you trust me?" "Yes," She exhaled, closing her eyes. She wasn't sure what she was expecting, but this certainly wasn't it. A warm pair of lips were pressed against hers, the firm pressure sending waves of pleasure coursing through her. She responded immediately, moving her mouth against his, tilting her head and pressing herself closer to him wanting more and more and more. She gasped, her mouth opening in the slightest, allowing him to slip his tongue into her mouth, kissing her harder than before. She felt weightless, and was sure that if Remus's arms hadn't come around to rest on the small of her back that she would have collapsed into his arms, because he had her weak at the knees. Remus pulled back, purely because of the lack of oxygen, resting his forehead against hers. Lana's eyes were still closed and she was breathing hard. She blinked, opening her eyes to see him staring at her, a twinkle in his eye. "I-I wasn't expecting that," Lana breathed out, a smile gracing her lips. Her cheeks were flushed, hair slightly mused and her lush lips rosy from his kisses and in his eyes, the sight was absolutely breathtaking. "I hope that wasn't too forward of me," Remus said, a light pink dusting his cheeks that she found utterly adorable. He had liked her for so long, and he was so worried that she wouldn't reciprocate his feelings, but judging by her reaction he had been right to follow his gut. "It wasn't," Lana smiled shyly. "It's been something I've thought about many times before," She admitted bashfully. "Really?" Her words made his heart soar and he had never felt more at ease. " Yeah ." "How about we remedy that?" She didn't bother giving him an answer and instead leaned forward to capture his lips in a kiss, smiling through it because she had never felt more safe or happy than she did in that moment in the arms of Remus Lupin. It had been a fairy-tale ending to her birthday, and she couldn't have wished for anything more. Authors Note: Thank you guys for the love and support on the last one-shot. I wrote this one and decided to post it as well, hope you all liked it! I love creating new OCs, it's so much fun. Let me know your thoughts on this one please, I live off reviews. ;) I've got a Sirius x OC one coming up soon! Keep an eye out for it. Thanks again for all the love. Til next time. Heroherondale. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters/plot devices/content that have been taken from the world of Harry Potter. That all belongs to J.K. Rowling, and respectively, I only own my OC and creative genius.