she would deliver the exciting news. Yes, Ava had gotten married to Hogwarts sweetheart Sirius Black. After their first study date they had begun seeing each other more regularly, and at first it had been hard. Sirius had shown so much interest only to recline back into himself, unsure of himself, claiming that he wasn't good enough for her, that he was the rotten apple of his family. It had taken a lot of convincing from herself and his friends that there wasn't a shred of truth to his statements, and somehow he had come to his senses. Ever since they had been going strong and it was only two years ago that Sirius had proposed and they had gotten married. James and Lily had beaten them to it first of course, and then once more when young Harry was born, the little bub now nearly 3 years old. Ava was shocked out of her thoughts when she heard the crack of Sirius returning to their home through apparition. She begged her legs to move but she remained still on the couch. She figured she better stay there considering the bout of dizziness that she had experienced earlier that morning, that being one of the reasons she had spent most of the wintery day curled up on her couch and flickering through the channels on television, a muggle invention that proved to be quite entertaining. " Honey , I'm home," Sirius called out, the cheesy line causing her to smile, a warm fuzzy feeling erupting inside. Hearing him say that every day when he returned would never get old. As a young girl she had always yearned for partner, or a soulmate for life, and finding it in Sirius was just the cherry on top. "I'm in the lounge," Ava called out, hearing his footsteps approach moments later. "Hey sweetheart," Sirius greeted, plopping down on the couch after throwing his leather jacket onto the back of a nearby chair. He slid into the spot next to her, leaning over to press a kiss to her lips. "I missed you today," Sirius said. It had been a long day but it was all worth it when he got to come home to her. "I missed you as well," Ava said, leaning forward and capturing his lips once more. But before either one of them deepened it, she pulled back, reminding herself that she had something to tell him. Knowing Sirius they would get carried away and then she would soon forget what she had to tell him. "Clearly not as much as I missed you," He chuckled, moving back in for another kiss only to have her finger placed on is lips pushing him backward. He looked at her with surprised eyes, especially when a grin erupted on her face. "I have something to tell you first," Ava said. "Then you can kiss me all you want." "Or, how about if I kiss you and then you can tell me later?" "I don't know, I think you're going to want to know," Ava said, a secretive smile on her lips. She knew that Sirius would be over the moon to hear the news, and she couldn't wait to see his reaction. "Alright then, get on with it love." "I'm pregnant." "What?" The emotion dropped from his face for a moment as he stared at her in shock. Judging by the smile on her lips and her hand that was resting on her belly, the blanket that was covering her now falling on the sides, he looked back up at her eyes, searching them for the truth. "You're…" "Pregnant. We're having a child, Sirius." "Merlin! We're having a baby!" Sirius burst out in excitement, jumping forward and grabbing his wife in a tight hug. " We're having a baby ." "I know. I only found out this morning." "I love you so much," Sirius declared, pressing his lips to her with a bruising pressure, his hand cradling her head as he conveyed just how much he loved her. "I love you too," Ava giggled as he pulled away, wiping away the happy tears that were falling from his eyes. At the sight, her eyes too began to water, but she kept them at bay. They had been trying to have a child ever since they got married, but time after time, nothing happened, nothing seemed to be working, and so to find this out, it was a miracle. Some would say it was almost magical . "I can't believe, we're going to be parents. I'm going to be a dad," Sirius breathed out, wonder written all over his face. He had wanted a family of his own for so long, and now he was finally getting there. "You're going to be the most amazing father," Ava said. "You're already the most incredible mother," Sirius declared. "We have to tell James and Lily, and Remus and -," Sirius was cut off with a kiss from his wife. "We'll go over later tonight and tell them all the good news, but for now, let's just enjoy this moment," Ava said, leaning her forehead against his, her eyes sparkling with happiness. "I love you, have I said that yet?" "I don't know, I think so . I mean, you're the one that married me." "Best decision I ever made." " Damn right ." A / N – This was just pure fluff. My other fics have been full of angst and the fluff bug was biting me and telling me to get back to the good stuff. Please leave a review and let me know your thoughts. I'd love to hear what you liked about this fic! Thank you for all the love and support. Til next time. Heroherondale. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters/plot devices/content that have been taken from the world of Harry Potter. That all belongs to J.K. Rowling, and respectively, I only own my OC and creative genius.