When was the last time I sold one, I wonder?" Harry's father pulled his children from Ollivander before he could start an hour explanation about the wand and its material. Of course, Harry noticed the other reason why his father abruptly left after tossing some coins on the counter, it was to prevent Mafalda from asking too much of anything. Thankfully, his sister doesn't seem to mind. She has come to the conclusion that she would get another chance to ask the wand maker in the future when she gets her own wands. Let's just hope she actually gets the letter and be able to see this magical side of the world again. "Go get your uniform, I will be waiting outside. Here are some coins for your trouble." Harry decided to enter the shop alone, leaving his father and sister alone. Although his father's expression stayed neutral in this moment, Harry could imagine the man's current mood to be the opposite. He doesn't notice a squat witch approaching him. "Hogwarts, dear? Got the lot here. There's another young man being fitted now, in fact." There is another boy in the back side of the shop being fitted by another witch. The pale and pointed faced stood on a footstool next to Harry while he is being measured, and the boy greeted him. The boy asked him if he would be entering Hogwarts this year and he replied with a yes. The boy soon asked him something about getting a broom and quidditch, his slightly arrogant way of speaking reminded Harry of lesson number 24 from his father's 72 lessons to survive in the Wizarding World. Only a pureblood or someone who thought themselves to be above everyone else could behave in that manner, complete with a drawling and bored voice. He got the same skin complexions and color combinations with Harry's mother who is often jokingly stated to be a Malfoy by his father and grandmother alike. So, the boy is a Malfoy? Is he the real deal then? Harry need to tread carefully in this one or he could insult the heir of one of the most influential family in the Wizarding World. "Know what house you'll be in yet?" "My grandmother is in Slytherin and my father will kill me if I ended up in Gryffindor, but I guess Ravenclaw is not bad." There is nothing wrong with being a Gryffindor, but his father said most of his other family member who went there tends to die young. Look at what happened to his uncle Fabian and Gideon, and a certain James Potter. Harry only knew his father named him after the man's son, said they were cousins or something. "I know I'll be in Slytherin, all of our family have been. Speaking of family, what's your surname?" "It's Prewett, Henry Julius Prewett. You can call me Harry." "A Prewett? I should have noticed before. You have red hairs, but you doesn't look like a Weasley. I'm Malfoy, Draco Malfoy." The boy now identified as Draco Malfoy extended his hands, and Harry knows rejecting the offer to shook hands would only insult the boy and his family. Wizarding culture or not, the boy means no harm and offered it in such warm politeness. To refuse means to state someone is not worth the time, and it's just rude no matter how he looked at it. Harry shook his hands and politely said 'Nice to meet you' before his grandmother went in with a big scope of ice cream on her hand. His mother was also there, with an even bigger scoop of ice cream on both hands, obscuring her face from view. "Are we done yet? Your father seems to be daring to just go away somewhere where the world doesn't care." "I'm impressed! My son is already making new friends on the go, your grandfather would be so proud! Here, boys! Let me treat you some ice creams, I ended up buying a little too much." Harry's mother gave the two boys the over-sized ice creams that looked more like a snowball than an ice cream, and now he could see the similarities between his mother and a Malfoy. The Malfoy boy doesn't have rabbit eyes, though. The moment when an older version of Draco with long hairs and refined airs entered the shop is a perfect opportunity to compare his mother's appearance to another Malfoy. Harry didn't try to have a clear look at the gentleman's feature because staring is rude and could get him into trouble. "Father! I'm sorry, Harry, but I have to go. See you later in Hogwarts Express. You better be in Slytherin with me, Slytherin is the best house!" Harry watched as the father and son pairs walked away, everything went well so far and he has made a new friend as well. What to do next? He really needs to make a list of things to do and not to do, or else he would end up not doing anything really convenient to his goal in the next seven years. Considering he could actually get on the Hogwarts Express before it leaves King Cross without him inside, of course, things usually aren't that easy as it seems. Maybe he could start by changing a few little things before trying to change the entirety of the world. It was never that easy. End of Chapter 1 A/N : Harry doesn't know about his real identity as the Boy-Who-Lived, he doesn't even have a real name before the Prewetts adopted him. Dumbledore is not the one to blame, he is just a little misguided in his 'For the Greater Good' way of thinking. Leaving an orphan to his relatives who hated his parents? Brilliant. They ended up dumping him somewhere else, and the story starts while Dumbledore keeps thinking the Boy-Who-Lived is safe with them... But not for so long. See you next two week, cheers! Reviews make a happier place!