Before anyone could do anything else, Orion and Ethel's parents, Silene and Leonard Greengrass stepped inside the commodious room. "Hey, what's taking so long?" Orion asked in a light-hearted tone, unaware of what awaited him inside. Then the air in the room suddenly froze. Sirius and Regulus promptly stopped fighting, and even Walburga looked up at him in fear. A mere glance around the room was sufficient for Orion to be able to determine exactly what had happened. This scene, sadly, was all too familiar to him. They were the laughingstock of the pureblood community for their older son's behavior. Livid, he strode over to Sirius, grabbed him by the labels and began shaking him furiously. Ethel swallowed hard, her heart furiously thudding against her chest. It was a disturbing scene to watch, and she felt a bile of vomit rising up her throat, which she fought hard to repress. "One of your Muggle things again, huh? Isn't it?" Sirius didn't reply, just stared in utter fear at his father. "How dare you!? In my own house!? In front of my guests!? Corrupting their daughter's mind?" Ethel didn't dare correct him. "Have you no shame? No gratitude at all?" He let go of Sirius suddenly, who fell to the floor with a barely audible thud. Ethel released the breath she didn't even realize she had been holding in, relieved. For a moment, they all thought that that was it; Orion, uncharacteristically, would be magnanimous enough to let this minuscule issue go just for the night, to salvage whatever was left of it, for their guests' and their own sakes. They thought that perhaps he realized that more than enough drama had ensued already to pursue this issue right there and then. How wrong they were. Sirius stood up, dusting off his pants, a smug grin spreading across his face involuntarily, so relieved he was that he got off relatively scot-free this time. Then, as though sensing this relief, Orion turned back and slapped his son to wipe that blood-boiling grin off his face, so hard that he flew back to the floor. The pain and the humiliation was so intense, tears began to prickle against the sides of Sirius's eyes. In that moment, he hated his father more than words could possibly express. Ethel watched, paralyzed, wanting to but unable to avert her gaze. Before Sirius could recover from shock and reply, Leonard quickly said, "We'll just go then, I guess." Orion suddenly seemed to remember their presence, and ran an agitated hand across his thick, black hair. "Oh – my –" he began to perspire, embarrassed. "I'm sorry – I'm so sorry you had to see that –" "M-hm," Leonard said. "That's alright." His tone was dripping with sarcasm. "We all have family troubles," Silene offered by way of consolation, but her eyes gleamed with malice. "Come on, Ethel, get up." She said, and her daughter stood up immediately to rush over to her side. Silene put an arm around her daughter and led her out of the room. A desperate jealousy and eternal sadness washed over Sirius. The Greengrasses were the picture perfect pureblood family, and they treated their daughter nice… in his greatest act of self-betrayal, he toyed with the idea of giving into his parents' demands, stripping himself of all individuality and becoming exactly who they wanted him to be. No, he thought, fired up. The more his parents would try to break him, the more he would resist. They were never going to break him in. "I will walk you out," Walburga offered immediately. "Not necessary," Silene said with a coy smile. "I think you have enough work to do here." Walburga was stunned into silence. She dropped her arms angrily. Orion and Leonard exchanged a meaningful glance, and before another argument erupted, Leonard quickly said, putting an arm around Walburga friendlily, "No, please walk us out. My wife was just trying to be helpful. But we appreciate your kindness greatly. Please, walk us out." Walburga glanced at Orion for what to do, who nodded just slightly. Suppressing a sigh, Walburga gruffly said, "Follow me," and lead them out of the room. Ethel reluctantly allowed herself to be dragged away from the scene unfolding behind her. She kept glancing back worriedly, but then Orion shut the door behind her abruptly. The last thing she saw was Regulus's overconfident smirk, which was enough to confirm her worst suspicions. Her stomach churned in disgust. The low, unintelligible but all the more menacing murmurs coming from Sirius's room would haunt her all the way home. Once downstairs, the Greengrasses took turns using the fireplace to Floo back to their own mansion. Depression weighed down her shoulders as she stepped out of the fireplace, slightly dirty from the travel. Her mother quickly whisked her wand out to clean them all up, ("Scurgefy!") and then turned to her husband. Their eyes lit up and they burst out laughing. The sound hurt Ethel's ears. A wave of fury washed over her, unable to comprehend what they could possibly be laughing about right now. "Serves them right, the lofty lot of them! To have a son like that!" Silene said at last. "Always going on about how good they are," Leonard said, shaking his head, pushing his glasses up on the bridge of his nose. "Better than us, because of how much money they have!" They stepped over to the dining table and poured themselves a glass from the bottle of Firewhiskey left on the table, as though celebrating something. They always drank a little alcohol before going out, to "put themselves in the mood," as they said. Silene giggled. "Pour me some, honey," she requested, and Leonard promptly obliged. She took a generous sip from it. "This is a time for celebration! I hope that kid breaks them apart," she said. "To Sirius!" Leonard exclaimed, and husband and wife clinked glasses, celebrating the demise of a family they called their friends.