"Harriet, dear are you awake" Harry heard her aunt Petunia ask weakly. "You got someone that wants to meet you" Behind her aunt a man wearing a turban. As soon as he entered the room the smell of garlic permeated the room. "You ma-may leave us n-now Mrs. Du-Dursley. Oh just fo-for you information Ms. Po-Potter will be-be staying with m-me tonight." The man told her aunt, who ran out of the room before even hearing the last part. "Good, mo-morning Ms. Potter. M-My name is Pro-Professor Quirrell from Hog-Hogwarts. I have ca-came to de-deliver you yo-your letter pe-personally. Usually on-only muggleborns ge-get their letters li-like this, but see-seeing that you m-most likely don't kn-know anything ab-about out world m-my employer sent me." "I've been waiting for this day forever" Harry squeaked out blushing, "My fiance told me all about it. He said that his whole family when there and its one of the best wizardry school in the country." Raising an eyebrow the professor handed Harry her letter. Inside in small neat writing was written these words* HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Ms. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress After skimming through Harry open the piece of paper inside the letter. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Uniform First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide of similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags. Course Books All students should have a copy of each of the following: The standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emerica Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble Other Equipment 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass of crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Yours sincerely, Lucinda Thomsonicle-Pocus Chief Attendant of Witchcraft Provisions. The more Harry read the more excited she got, and the more confused she got. Where in the world is she supposed to get all this stuff? What in the world is dragon hide, did they mean actual dragond? Who would have a last name like Waffling or Scamander? Who would want to bring a toad to school? She didn't think they sold it in London, much less the department store downtown. Professor Quirrell must have noticed her confused face because he told her he was going to bring her to Wizard London where she would buy all this stuff. "How are we going there" For all Harry knew he didn't come with any for of transportation and it was the middle of the night. "Like any other wi-wizard would Ms. Po-Potter" He told her "Let us go outside first." She did as he said and the two left the house and walked into the middle of the street. It was then that Harry realized that she was still wearing her pj's. "Excuse me Professor Quirrell. I'm still wearing my pajama, could I possibly just run back into the house and change?" she asked embarrassed. Here she was going to the place she was dreaming of for her whole life (well at least since she starting read and write to her fiance and learned about magic). And she was about to show up in her strawberry covered sleeping clothes. Harry bit her lips and opened her mouth to ask "N-No need for t-that Ms. Po-Potter." Professor Quirrell reassured her. He took out a long piece of stick out of his robe, which Harry assumed was a wand, and wave it in front of her. Her pajamas started to sparkle brightly and when the lights dimmed she was no longer where them. Instead, she was wearing a forest green robe, black leather pants and white blouse with ruffles. Along with them she was wearing the necklace her fiance gave her and her hair was pulled up into a messy bun. "Is that su-suitable?" He asked her and Harry answered back nodding violently "Well l-let us get go-going than. Your hand Ms. Po-Potter" Harry gave him her hand and she felt like she was being sucked into a straw, involuntarily she closed her eyes. After a second the sensation stopped. She opened her eyes and was greeted by the dark streets of and unusually empty London. "Welcome to Lo-London Ms. Po-Potter" Professor Quirrell managed to say. "A-are you re-ready to en-enter a b-brand new wo-world?" "I've been dreaming of this my whole life" she gasped recalling all the daydreams she had about this every two stepped into a shady little store called the Leaky Cauldron where a magic world was waiting. . . . * The dress (remove space): product / 332511 / sleeveless - mesh - top - flared - skater - dress * Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins and Wonder by R.J. Palacio *It is the list from the book So as you guys can see I added a smidge more to the story but nothing too big. Hope this wasn't disappointing to any of you guys and I'll aim to have my stories at around 3,000 from now on.