is your choice?" said McGonagall. "Can we go now, mum?" the birthday girl asked. "Of course, darling," replied Helen. "We would like to go now, Ma'am," Hermione said. "Very well, then," started McGonagall, "Hold me tight. You may get nausea or a headache." The Grangers held the professor, and sure enough, the family members had nausea. All had nausea, except for Harrietta. As the family was following Professor McGonagall, Harrietta started talking to her. "It was fantastic," she said. "How did you do it, Ma'am?" "I apparated," McGonagall answered, "most witches and wizards in Britain can do so. If you and your sister choose studying at Hogwarts, when turn seventeen you will be able to start practicing apparating." "Oh. So will I attend Hogwarts in 1993? I was born in November, 1981." Harrietta asked. "Correct. You and Hermione seem very clever. I hope I am not mistaken," McGonagall half asked - half said. She wasn't sure how she got that impression; she just did. "Last year, Hermione got eight A's and two B's, and I got nine A's and one B. But only because I am younger – when Hermione was my age she also got nine A's and one B. We had the highest average in class," Harrietta said proudly. "Harrietta, dear, would you mind explaining me the Muggle – not magical people – grading system?" McGonagall asked. "Of course I don't mind. Well, in report cards, there are eight grades: A, B, C, D, E, F, G and U. A is the highest score, and U is the lowest score. So eight A's and two B's is a great score," said Harrietta happily. "Hermione got her B's in gym and computers, and I got mine in history. She always beat me in history, and I always beat her in gym. We are about the same in computers," finished Harrietta. "Your results are very impressive. Computers are…?" McGonagall asked. Harrietta answered shortly: "A machine that is able to take information and do something with it. For instance, if I type 'I like chocolate' on my keyboard, it will appear on the computer screen." "I see. Oh, here we are," McGonagall said, and pointed a small entrance. Mrs and Mr Granger looked suspiciously at Professor McGonagall; they could not see anything but a blank wall. Just when Helen was about to tell McGonagall she can't see anything and ask her who sent her, Hermione said: "I can see it! Come on, Harrietta!" and both girls rushed inside. McGonagall then told the girls' parents: "Mrs and Mr Granger, I am aware of the fact that you cannot see the entrance, because you are not magical. If you don't close your eyes when we enter, you shall see spiders, cockroaches, and bees. But Hermione, Harrietta or I shall see a lighten corridor that is full with pictures. As you have probably understood, you should close your eyes," said McGonagall. "The wizarding world is full of… special surprises, heh?" Harold whispered to Helen. "Oh, yes, definitely," McGonagall said. "How did you –"Harold began, but McGonagall cut him. "How did I hear you? Let's just say that next time you shall want to whisper, do it in a low tone," she said. Helen burst out laughing. "You see, Harold? I am not the only one who thinks that way!" She told her husband. "Fine, I get the hint. Can we go in now?" he answered. "Yes. hold my hands and close your eyes. We will reach our destination in a minute or so. Usually it is quicker, but since you two have to close your eyes…" the witch said. The wife and husband held McGonagall's hands and closed their eyes shut, and started walking. "I feel like I am five, Helen," Harold said after half a minute. "Be quite! I can hear voices!" Helen replied. And sure enough, Hermione and Harrietta came rushing to their parents ten seconds later. "Where have you been?" came Hermione's voice. "We have been waiting for ages," Harrietta completed. "Girls, your parents have been with me. It took longer for us to arrive because they had to close their eyes, because if they hadn't, they would have seen spiders, bees and cockroaches," McGonagall said. "I understand," said both girls, and after figuring out they said it at the same time, they high-fived. "This place is called 'The Leaky Cauldron'. It is a popular wizarding pub and inn*, and is also the entrance to Diagon Alley. Would you like something to drink before we head to Diagon Alley?" The adult witch said. After a few murmurs of 'I am not hungry' from the girls, the adults decided it is time to enter. "Follow me," McGonagall said, "and do try to walk in my speed," she added. McGonagall led them into a small room with a trash can, and wand took her wand out of her robes. She has a wand ?! Hermione thought. "Excuse me, ma'am," Hermione started, "is that a wand?" she finished. "Oh yes. But unlike the Muggles tend to believe, we do not wear a suit with a bowtie," McGonagall answered. "How do you know what Muggles believe in?" asked Hermione. "The headmaster of Hogwarts is Albus Dumbledore, and with him as headmaster, it is difficult to not know what the Muggles believe in," answered the adult witch. "So he supports Muggles?" Hermione asked. "Definitely. He wouldn't dream of insulting Muggles," McGonagall answered. "Now, we should go in. Don't you think so, Miss Granger?" McGonagall said. "Oh, of course, Professor. Sorry," Hermione replied and blushed. "No need to be sorry, I was merely asking for your opinion," McGonagall said, and with this, tapped a brick. A small hole was created, and it got bigger and bigger, until it came to be an archway. "Welcome to Diagon Ally," McGonagall said, and went through the archway. So... What do you think? Let me know in the comments! It is my first fanfiction, so please do not be cruel :)