reunited for the holidays and it had a poor Astoria counting down the days until the term started once again. However this year her husband had wanted their daughter to graduate closer to home and Astoria had been praying to all the deities that the Hogwarts professor's would be able to handle the two of them. It was then that she heard the tell all 'CRACK' signifying her husband's arrival home that Astoria quickly rose from her seat and practically ran to the living room's door to great him. "Thank Merlin you're home" Astoria gasped before pressing a chaste kiss against her surprised husband's lips. Draco spared a glance to the bickering twins standing a few feet away from him, currently Cassiopeia had Altair in a head lock and despite the situation Draco found himself smirking at the scene. "Draco!" Astoria scolded and thus causing his smirk to quickly disappear "This isn't a joke" Draco sighed before pinching the bridge of his nose, he honestly hated when the twins fought and he often found himself wishing that they were more like their older brother Scorpius – now he was easy to deal with and was now off starting a family of his own. "Of course not, though I'd have to admit that her headlock had gotten a lot better" He quipped with a slight quirk of his lips. Cassiopeia still had her brother and a headlock, however with his stronger build he was able to grab her by the waist and toss her to the stretched couch. "Draco…" Astoria hissed in warning "Do something or I'll show you just how our daughter's fighting skills improved" She added with a sinister tone which promised the suffering which was to come. Draco didn't need to be asked twice and he certainly didn't want to suffer under his wife's wrath so with a quick freezing charm both his children were frozen in place and rendered immobile. Draco then administered a levitating charm and placed the twins on opposite ends of the sofa and with a sticking charm managed to keep them in place. Though both children struggled in vain to free themselves Draco put on his best scowl in order to scold them once more. "Well?" He asked. He already knew who the initiator of the arguments were, it was always Altair. Ever since birth Altair had riled up his sister, at first it was crying loudly to wake her up, which evolved into taking her toys (despite having the exact same models) and now full on fights for the smallest things. "He started it, he was being rude!-" Cassiopeia exclaimed whilst pointing at her brother. "What do you expect, you were talking to Weasley" Altair snapped which quickly caught Draco's attention. Though his oldest son was on speaking terms with one of the many leaves of the Weasley tree, his youngest son seemed to share his distaste. "Weasley?" Draco asked, his gaze now focused on his daughter. She shrugged innocently under his gaze before gently curling a strand of silvery blonde hair around her finger. "Daddy, he was just telling me about school…" She stated before turning to her brother "Because Altair left me all alone and I got lost...I could have died" She added sweetly, her steel grey eye wide with innocence. "You left her alone in Diagon Alley?" Draco hissed. Altair gulped slightly "This isn't about me, dad," He pointed at his sister who was still sitting sweetly despite still being stuck to the couch. "She was getting chummy with Weasley" Draco sighed before shaking his head, he honestly didn't have the energy to deal with this and it seemed that his wife had given up before it had even begun. "You," He pointed to his son "Don't leave your sister on her own" He stated and then he turned to his daughter who was now gently quivering her bottom lip whilst slowly widening her eyes and administering his one weakness. The puppy-dog eyes. Though he didn't want to admit it, Draco had a bit of a soft spot for his only daughter, though she was able to irritate him on end, her wide silver eyes were always able to soften him. His wife had warned him that she would soon have him wrapped around her tiny fingers and if Draco were honest his daughter had him hook line and sinker the moment he had first laid eyes on her "Just stay away from Weasley" He said before quickly walking out of the living room in search of something strong to drink. Astoria sighed in disbelief for once again her husband had delivered a weak attempt to discipline the twins, and she too walked to find something to drink – preferable stronger than firewhiskey. Once the door slammed signifying that both their parents had left them alone, the twins were plunged into silence. "Cassie…?" Altair loudly whispered. "We're not in a classroom Tai" Cassiopeia hissed, though Altair was grinning at the use of the nickname that only his twin used – it meant that she wasn't entirely mad at him. "You know that we're still stuck to the couch…and I don't think that either of us have our wands" He stated. Cassiopeia blinked, then she blinked again… "Shit…" A/N TIME: OMG the first re-written chapter is up –woohoo! Those who missed my last A/N this is a rewrite of a story which was currently in progress. I didn't like how it was progressing nor my OC. However I've changed elements and to those who may have liked the original, I'm sorry for the rewrite but its just something which I had to do. Anyway enough of that, and onto a poor Hugo who thought the worst of poor Cassiopeia. And then there's Father! Draco trying (and failing) on disciplining the twins much to Astoria's amusement. Stay tuned for the next chapter where Hugo runs into Cassiopeia once more, Hugo experiences fear and Lily begins meddling. This is heavensfairy signing off