moaning louder and louder with each thrust. Losing control entirely, he slapped her ass and Astoria cried out as a surprising surge of pleasure flowed through her. Again Draco pulled out of her and picked her up off the table. Astoria's legs were weak with pleasure and she could barely stand. Draco's hands, too, were shaking as he removed the last of her clothes so that she stood naked in the middle of the dining room. Then he guided her down towards the floor. She could tell he wanted to mount her again, to finish her, but Astoria wasn't done yet and before she laid on the floor, she kneeled down before him and put his throbbing cock in her mouth. Draco clutched a nearby chair for support and began to pump himself in and out of her mouth with as much ferocity as he had her vagina. Astoria could taste herself on his cock. "Astoria," he gasped. "I'm gonna cum—" Astoria pulled her mouth off him instantly. "No, fuck me one more time," she begged and laid herself on the floor for him where he laid on top of her. It didn't take long after that for Draco to climax as he pounded her into the floor, crying out loudly as his hot cum entered her body. Then, finally, he went limp on top of her, both of them panting hard. Slowly, he pulled his half hard cock out of her, shuddering as he did so. Astoria gently kissed his neck as the tense muscles under his sweat-soaked shirt slowly began to relax. "Are you okay?" Draco asked, still panting slightly. "More than okay," she cooed in his ear. "Why?" "Just wanted to make sure you didn't pass out on me again," Draco explained. Astoria didn't answer as guilt, which was so easy to ignore in every heat of the moment, came flooding back to the forefront of her mind. Slowly Draco lifted himself off of her and they both stood on trembling legs, their breathing still irregular. Draco held up the torn garments that had been Astoria's clothes. "Sorry about that," he said, smiling mischievously. "It's no matter," said Astoria, finding her wand amongst the wreckage " Reparo! " The garments reassembled themselves, although not quite as neatly as she had hoped. Some of the buttons were attached rather loosely. "Hmm," she said, frowning at her blouse. "I know there's a better spell for that, but I can't recall it. I'll ask Gwen." Slowly she got dressed again and Draco watched her, looking slightly glum. "What is it?" asked Astoria "It's just a shame to see you covered up again," Draco said. Astoria rolled her eyes. "It's only until we get back upstairs again." "I know," said Draco, shrugging his pants back into position. "But if we lived alone, without all of the servants, we'd never have to get dressed." "Why do you have the servants if you don't want them?" Astoria asked. "They come with the manor house," Draco admitted. "Although, I wouldn't mind living more privately one day. This was my grandfather's estate, you see. It was part of my inheritance." Astoria marvelled at the fact that someone could just be handed a gigantic house such as the one they were in. Apparently Draco took note of the look on her face because he said, "You think it's ridiculous, don't you?" "What? Oh, well, it's just," Astoria mumbled, embarrassedly, as they walked casually out of the dining room, past the stone-faced butler, "I'm not really used to the, well, grandness of it all. It's not that I was poor growing up." "Greengrass," Draco said, his face pensive. "That is a fairly well-off, pureblood family, isn't it? I remember my father talking about a Greengrass who my grandfather was friendly with." "Yes, my grandfather was fairly wealthy," Astoria said as they began to climb the carpeted stairs. "But my father was the youngest child in a family of eight— six of which were boys. So, by the time his inheritance came, there wasn't much left. Don't get me wrong— we weren't poor by any means. My father took a job at the Ministry right out of school. He worked for the Department of Magical Transportation— the Portkey Office, mainly. So he brought home a decent amount of gold. Although, most of it went to—" Astoria blushed, realizing she had overspoke. "Went to what?" Draco asked, curiously. "Paying my mom's medical bills," said Astoria, deciding not to lie. "Your mom was sick?" Draco asked, opening the door to his bedroom. "Yes," Astoria answered, following him in. "She died when I was ten." "I'm so sorry," said Draco, sitting down on his bed and staring at Astoria across the room, although she didn't meet his gaze. "Why didn't you tell me before?" "Is there ever a right time to tell someone your mom died when you were a kid?" she said, dryly. "Besides, I didn't want sympathy." "How about your dad?" asked Draco. "He's still alive," she said, "but we don't talk much. We don't see eye-to-eye." "I understand," said Draco, a little too feverently. "Enough talk," said Astoria, barely suppressing a yawn as she climbed into bed next to Draco. "I have to admit, these past couple of days have worn me out." "I'm sorry." "Don't be!" said Astoria at once. "It's been wonderful. But before you join me remember to take your potion." Draco nodded, rose from the bed, and strode across the room to where the potion sat in a goblet. Astoria, while Draco was busy with his potion, took a small flask of her own and downed it in one. She had decided earlier that day that, despite her desperate desire to have a baby, it was unfair to Draco when their relationship was so fresh and they had yet to even discuss the possibility of marriage, never mind children. All of those conversations could wait— though Astoria's time was so limited— for another day.