me to sit. I don't think we're making it anywhere at this rate. Potter likes his conversations sitting down. His eyes are bright but he looks tired. Tired of coming back to this point, I think. There are small hickeys way clearly visible down his neck. I reach out and rub a finger against them in circles. He leans further toward me, and says, 'D'you think we should go public? Tell our friends?' his face is worried, forehead crinkled, eyes ever bright, eyebrows burrowed. 'Are Ron and Hermione going to take it well?' 'Ron and Hermione… I don't know. Probably. But it's the rest of the world I'm worried about. I don't want them saying or thinking or doing anything to you.' I try for a smile, and say, ' I think we should. My parents won't take it well. At all. Neither will most of my friends- apart from Pansy and Blaise, I think. They've suspected I was crushing on you since 1st year.' 'Were you? Crushing on me? 1 st year ?' 'since Madam Malkin's.' 'Merlin. Wow. Madam Malkin's, that's..' 'About seven years ago.' 'yeah.' 'you were on a tree to get my attention. Shit, even that attempt at Buckbeak…the fiendfyre- you were hugging me so tight, and I felt something against my neck. You kissed me, didn't you? You thought we'd die.' 'I thought I'd die. I wanted to.' This ache dismantles itself in my chest. Harry's fingers had started idly grazing my chest, but the second i finish speaking he holds on, holds on firmly and asks me, ' you wanted to die in there?' His brilliant green eyes are battling my tired grey for emotion. He's staring at me and I'm so drawn to him all I want is to stare back and stay sinking in those shades. His tone is using up every ounce of assertiveness he has. I stare at him. I catch hold of him through my eyes and all I'm seeing is that he's never, never not by my side. All I see is something I can hold on to. 'I was so tired, Harry.' I think i feel him draw a breath. 'we were all in there, and before dragging Goyle along all I wanted was to stop running, stop fearing, stop hiding, stop feeling. I was so tired . And I was afraid. My heart was more alive than it ever had the chance to be, Harry. I was so afraid you'd die. I kept telling myself you couldn't wouldn't, you'd get out of here even if it meant my dying. And then you lot suddenly were metres above me, going out on those broomsticks… I stopped caring, right that second. I was so tired of the war between The dark Lord- Voldemort- and you, so tired of never having spoken to you. I regretted everything I'd ever done to you- most of which was to know you. I regretted never actually having spoken to you. i was so tired. I think I kept screaming- it was so hot and I was burning up and my skin's really sensitive and this area around my trousers- the shins, caught fire because of the heat, not because the fiendfyre- it's still got burn marks. Slightly, but yeah. And then I heard Ron shout and I saw you come down for me and I waved to you and tried to keep you from reaching us because the fiendfyre was close to us, but you reached to me and pulled me up using my hand. I could feel your pulse. It was our first, real, contact and I remember cursing myself for ever wanting to die. I was hugging you the next instant and my head was in the arc of your neck and before I could stop myself, I… pressed a kiss to your neck and that was when we bolted right out.' I'm actually heaving. I look at him and his face is a scattered mess of emotions and his eyes are wet and there's teardrops pouring out for 1,2,3 seconds before I wipe them right off and embrace him. 'Draco. Draco. I didn't think… I didn't know.' He's still crying, soundlessly. I am too. I can't figure it out. 'I'm so sorry.' The world sinks, and my happiness starts emerging. POTTER I can feel him evaporate. He looks so much happier, lighter, free . I'm still holding him but I don't think either of us is crying anymore. The sun's higher and it's late noon. He gets up and holds his hand out. I take it. I'll always take it. We walk in silence- Draco remembers our timetables, of course, and tells me we have Potions- all those floors down to the dungeons. Professor Slughorn grins as we enter late and I forget we're still holding hands. But Draco doesn't let go, so we walk toward an empty bench together. I can feel the weight of everyone's stare, most of all Ron, but in that moment, I stop caring. I'd jump on Slughorn's desk and kiss him if I could. But he's focused on the potion we're making, and every time his eyes drift to mine we smile. He licks his lips, sucks on them while brewing patiently. It takes all the control I have to not take him by the shoulder right here. I haven't uttered a word the entire lesson. Ron and Hermione have been casting the occasional half- concerned, half- bewildered glances at me. Merlin, they're going to demand explanations for all...this. I'm too tired to do anything but fold my arms on the table and rest my head. fuck. Author's Note : This fic just came to me, so I'm sure it's all a bit too random. I've no idea how to proceed with this: there might be a few scenes with Narcissa, more Trio-and-Draco bonding. Please, guys, be sure to give any suggestions you have to let the story go on. I'd really appreciate it.