told him, watching his face carefully. "She was?" James asked, suddenly in a much better mood. "Where is she?" He looked around as though they were hiding her somewhere. "She had to leave," Remus said, though he gave Sirius a dirty look. "Oh," James said, looking thoughtful for a moment. "Well, hopefully Poppy will let me out of here soon, so don't worry about staying here for my sake." "I should get some work done," Remus muttered apologetically. "Well, go on then," he shooed them out good-naturedly. Remus and Peter got up and then looked at Sirius. "I'll be out in a minute," he told them, silently begging them to leave. Remus shrugged, pulling Peter with him. As soon as the door closed, Sirius looked at James with a serious expression. "Don't ask me why I know this and don't argue, but I think you should ask Evans out again," he told him, not an ounce of humour in his voice. James gave him a questioning look. "Haven't you been the one telling me to stop pining over her and find some other bird?" "Yes, I know what I said," Sirius said impatiently. "I was wrong, but I'm right now. Ask her out, she'll say yes." "How do you know she will?" James asked, his eyes suspicious. Lily's heart ached when she heard the vulnerability in his voice. "What did I say about arguing?" Sirius asked, rolling his eyes. "Just do it, okay?" he said, walking out of the hospital wing. Lily looked at Sirius as if she was seeing him for the first time. He merely gave her a small smile and shrugged while the scene around them shifted back to the apartment the three of them shared. The state of the kitchen and lack of real furniture told her that this was before she had moved in. James and Sirius burst in after a long night spying for the Order. "I don't see why we can't just kill them," Sirius griped, throwing himself down into a chair that should have been outside on a patio. "You know what Dumbledore said," James chastised him, though his face said that he agreed with Sirius more than he was willing to admit. He seemed to consider something for a moment before speaking again. "So, I've been looking at some places…" he started. "Why, what's wrong with here?" Sirius asked, looking around their apartment with satisfaction. James shrugged, "I was thinking about getting a place in Godric's Hollow." "Godric's Hollow?" Sirius looked confused and said the words with some distaste. "Isn't that a little… family-style?" Sirius looked at James who only raised his eyebrows. Realization seemed to dawn on Sirius's face. "I want to ask Lily to marry me," he stated, watching for a reaction. "Why?" Sirius asked, still looking confused. "I love her," he laughed slightly breathlessly. "Okay," Sirius drawled. "Anyone who's been within a twenty foot radius of you since you were thirteen could tell you that. Why do you want to marry her right now?" James ran his hand through his hair and closed his eyes. "This war…we don't know what's going to happen. We could be dead tomorrow for all we know!" He took a deep breath before continuing. "I don't know how much time we have left, and I plan on spending that time living the way I want to. I want to marry Lily. I want to have a house with her and have kids with her. I want to give her a life." "I think that makes perfect sense," Sirius finally spoke. "That's good," James said, grinning. "Because you're going to be the best man. Assuming she says yes," he suddenly seemed worried. "She will," Sirius said, completely certain. "I trust her." Lily looked at Sirius with tears in her eyes. He put an arm around her before quietly shushing her. "There's one more thing you need to see." They were standing in a skeevy bar Lily had never been to before; Lily noted that Sirius was wearing the same clothes. Her eyes widened, realizing this memory was from the same night. Sirius walked with four drinks in his hand to a booth in the corner, where the three other men had clearly already had more than enough to drink. James had a look of amazement on his face. "I still can't believe she said yes." "Yes, yes, neither can we," Sirius said impatiently, "I still think she might have been imperiused," Remus quipped, earning himself a sharp elbow from James. "I just never thought… Even when we were dating, I kept waiting for her to come to her senses. I'm marrying Lily Evans!" he exclaimed, raising his arms in celebration. "Sit down, Prongs, you're disturbing the peace," Sirius chastised him. "What do you think she's doing right now?" He asked, his eyes glazing over. "Probably getting on the next train to Lisbon to get away from you, you lunatic," Sirius told him, shaking his head. "She's going to be my wife tomorrow," James told them, as if it were new information. "Yes, and we're all very sorry for her," Sirius deadpanned. He looked at Remus and Peter, frowning. "Prongs is drunk off his arse and the firewhiskey is far too expensive here." "We can go back to my place," Remus suggested. "I haven't any alcohol, though." "It's fine, I've got a bottle," Sirius nodded. "I'll meet you all there." Slowly, the memory faded away, and Lily closed her eyes as she felt herself getting pulled up and out. When she opened them, she was standing back in the apartment with Sirius beside her. He looked at her, sizing her up with his eyes. "I don't think I need to tell you what I think you should do," he said. All she could do was nod. Before he could react, she grabbed him a tight hug. "Thank you," she whispered. "Your gift was perfect." Thank you for reading! Please be kind, and leave a review!