Malfoy when he left the room," She said sipping on her tea. "Malfoy makes some good tea," She said after I didn't comment. "Who did you get?" I asked her in a quiet voice. "Blaise," She said back, a grin on her face. "You seem happy about your new husband-to-be," I said drinking the rest of my tea. Malfoy could make some good tea. "Yeah well we're friends and I've always thought he was handsome," Ginny said smirking at me. "So that's why you always wanted to come over and hang out in the common room!" I said hitting her shoulder smiling. "Well I'll admit it was part of the reason why," She said back laughing. We sat there laughing for a few minutes before Ginny turned serious. "'Mione do you think you could give him a chance?" she asked me, taking my hands in hers. "Maybe someday. Not right now, I just pretty much broke up with Ron," I said smiling sadly at her. "Everyone knew that what you and Ron had wasn't anything more than friendship. You two forced feelings that weren't really there, because you both needed comfort after the war," Harry said as he caught the last part of our conversation. Malfoy and Blaise came out behind him, Blaise pushing Malfoy towards the couch. "You need to heal before getting into anything Hermione, but you two have to marry within 6 months. You don't have time to hold a childish grudge on the man," Blaise said pushing Malfoy down on the couch beside me. "We're going to leave. I'm sure Harry needs to talk to Cho, and me and Blaise have to talk. Try not to kill each other," Ginny said as my three friends left me alone. "Malfoy you have to understand that I'm going to have problems with this. I'm going to be difficult, but it's not fully intentional. I will never be able to live in that house, and I may not be able to be completely at ease with your parents around me without someone else there. I will try to make this as easy as possible for the both of us," I said looking down at my hands. "Hermione I know that you won't want to live in the Manor. I have many other homes in my family that we can live in once we finish with our schooling. I by no means expect this to be a walk in the park for either of us. I believe my father will throw a fit when he finally gets my letter about this, but I have no qualms about cutting him from my life if cannot accept you. I've been meaning to talk to you and apologize for a long time now. I am truly sorry for how I acted as a child, and for not being able to help you, Harry, and Ron along with the others in the basement," Malfoy said to me. I looked up at him and saw he was looking at me. "I know that you couldn't have done anything then Malfoy…" "Call me Draco," He cut me off. "Draco I know you couldn't have helped anymore, but that night still haunts me and the subject is still sore to talk about," I said, his name sounding odd in my voice. Malfoy seemed to contemplate this for a minute. "I can help you fight your demons if you help me fight mine. We're going to have to learn to live with this situation," He said keeping eye contact with me. "I think I can do that, but let's just wait a while before anything more than friendship, I just got out of my relationship with Ron," I said smiling at him. He nodded and stood up, taking the empty tea cups into the kitchen. "You do realize that my mother is going to want a good sized wedding for us, right?" he called from the kitchen. I groaned and laid down on the sofa. "Is there any way we can get away with a small one?" I asked him, my voice muffled by the pillow I was laying on. "No way Granger. Mum will want a bigger one for her only kid," He said coming back into the room. I just rolled onto my side and raised an eyebrow and him. "She likes to spoil me since I'm an only child," Malfoy said shrugging. I just snorted with laughter. "I'm not having some huge debacle made out of my forced wedding. Maybe a medium sized one will pacify her," I said a minute later. "Well she owled me this morning that she would love it if you could come to the Manor and go over details for the wedding, and so that she can talk to you," He said rubbing his temples. "At the Manor?" I asked, a tremble in my voice evident. "Yes, but we have redecorated the entire place, and I will make sure that mother knows not to take you anywhere near that room," He said looking me straight in the eyes. "I suppose that will have to do if your mother will be alright with accommodating me," I said. "I will write back to her with your instructions. What day shall I tell her?" he asked as he grabbed his bag and got out a piece of parchment and quill. I had to think about this for quite a while, knowing that now me and Harry would feel awkward going to the Burrow for Christmas. "How about I come over the day after Christmas. I'll have to make sure Harry is okay with me coming over instead of staying with him and Sirius after Christmas," I said chewing on my thumb nail. "You ask Potter and then I'll let mother know," He said getting up and gathering his stuff. "Oh and mother will want to help you with planning the whole affair," Malfoy said smirking at me as he left through the portrait.