them, let alone both of them. "Oh of course! Dinky Diddydums!" said Harry. It was clearly taking every ounce of self-control on Dudley's part not to lash out and hit them at this stage. "So who was the poor kid this time? I know you did Mark Evans a couple of days ago while John was out", said Harry. "Oh really?" John asked in a threatening voice. Dudley shrank before him. Some boxing champion, Harry thought. "How old was that guy you beat for the championship anyway? Seven? Eight?" Harry asked. "Sixteen for your information, and he was twice your weight! He was out cold for twenty minutes when I was done with him" Dudley shot back. "And yet you're terrified of either of us. Don't make hollow threats Dud. Very unbecoming of a boxing champion" John said mockingly. "What was this kid's cheek this time then? Did he say you looked like a pig that'd been taught to walk on two legs? That's not cheek you know, that's just the truth", said Harry nastily. John was right. Venting frustration was incredibly satisfying, even if what he was doing now wasn't as constructive as what the youth centre provided. Dudley stayed silent for a few seconds before responding. "Think you're big men carrying those things around?" he asked. "We both know I don't need it to deal with you" said John in a tired voice. "At least I'm not afraid of my pillow", said Dudley. Harry frowned. "What're you on about?" he asked. Dudley's lips curled into a nasty smile. "Don't kill Cedric! Boo hoo! No, dad, he's going to kill me too!" Dudley cried mockingly. John stayed silent, forcing himself to contain his anger, but Harry did no such thing. "Shut up!" He snarled. "Who is Cedric? Is he your boyfriend?" Dudley asked, the same evil grin adorning his face. Harry didn't hesitate, and he pulled his wand out, pointing it straight at Dudley's chin, the fourteen years worth of hatred towards Dudley coursing through his veins. Dudley paled. "Put that away!" he yelled. "Don't. Mention. That. Again" Harry snarled. "Point it somewhere else at least!" Dudley cried. "Do you understand? You won't mention that ever again!" Harry growled louder. John grabbed Harry's arm and yanked it downwards and gave him a warning look, but before anything else could be done, something out of the three boys' control began to happen. The air around them began to get colder, a thick fog began to envelop the surrounding area, and they felt surrounded by some unknown and impenetrable darkness. For a moment Harry thought he was performing accidental magic, but reason caught up with him. He didn't have the power to alter the very weather around them and create a micro climate. No, something else was at play. "Wh-what are you doing?" Dudley whimpered. "Nothing! This isn't me!" Harry yelled. The cold that was enveloping got progressively worse, to the point where goosebumps appeared on their skin. No... they couldn't be here... not in Little Whinging! "I-I'll tell dad!" Dudley whimpered again. "This isn't us Dudley, now shut up! We need to listen!" John snapped. Dudley looked terrified but obeyed. John and Harry exchanged looks of fear. The same thing was now on both of their minds, and they both raised their wands. The cold was coming from more than one direction, which meant that there was more than one. Dudley however, began to panic, and to Harry and John's horror, began to bolt. "DUDLEY STOP! YOU'RE RUNNING RIGHT AT IT!" Harry yelled. Dudley skidded to a halt, but the abrupt shift in speed forced him off balance and Dudley fell to the ground. Harry and John both stared in shock as two huge dementors flew straight at Dudley. The international statue of secrecy be damned, this was a good enough reason to use their wands. "Expecto Patronum!" As before, a great silver stag and huge silver bear erupted forth from their wands, charging down the dementors, forcing them to flee. Harry and John both rushed towards Dudley. He was curled up in a ball, mumbling incoherently, his face pale, his eyes wide with shock. What were dementors doing there? Why attack Dudley? The moon, stars and nearby streetlamps popped back to life, and the warm, summer breeze began to refill the area. John grabbed Dudley and hauled him to his feet, but Dudley, it seemed, wasn't in a state to be doing anything, let alone standing on his feet. John pushed Dudley against a wall and examined him. Dudley's eyes weren't following John's face, they were just staring blankly ahead. "Is... is it gone?" he asked, shaking violently. John blinked and then stared at him. "Did... you see it?" John asked. As far as he was aware, muggles couldn't see dementors. Dudley shook his head. "Something was there..." he said, still shaking violently. "Yeah, it's gone... come on", said John, trying to get Dudley to walk. However, Dudley simply wouldn't, he just slumped back against the wall, shaking. "I'm not going to have to carry him am I?" John asked, looking at Harry. "You might..." said Harry uncomfortably. John nodded and with no small amount of effort, picked Dudley up and carried him over his shoulder. "I can help" Harry said lamely. "No, if those things come back, we need you with your wand out", said John, grunting with the effort of carrying someone as big as him. Harry agreed on that front, though Harry wanted to cringe with every step that John took. He had no idea how John didn't collapse every time one of his feet left the ground. Both he and Dudley must have been around ninety kilos each. "We're not that far off from Privet Drive anyway" John added. Before long, and to both Harry and John's surprise, the rounded the corner to see Mrs. Figg, with a crazed look on her face. "Keep that wand ready! Oh, I am going to kill Mundungus Fletcher!"