up and tell me that you want me too. But every time I think we might be getting there, you shut me down in every way possible." "You want me?" The befuddled teen asked. "Christ, Remus, nowadays I spend the majority of my time when I'm with you trying to hide the fact you make me so freaking hard my dick hurts." Remus opened and closed his mouth a few times as his brain struggled to find a suitable response. "How long? But you never said. But you flirt with everything. I never expected this. Am I dreaming? How long?" Remus was aware that he was was babbling, but he couldn't stop the verbal diarrhea from pouring out of his mouth. That was until his whole world seemingly stopped and then restarted again as Sirius leaned forward, till Remus could feel the soft puffs of air from Sirius's mouth caress his lips. "So are you going to kiss me or just stare into my eyes like a girl?" Sirius challenged teasingly. It would take hardly any movement on his part for their lips to meet, but Remus wanted his first kiss with Sirius to be perfect. Remus decided to throw caution to the wind, reaching up he cradled Sirius's face in his hands and then captured the lips that has been haunting his dreams for almost a year now with his own. That first kiss started out soft, seeking, learning and turned into hot, demanding and hungry. The teenagers toppled back onto the bed in a mass of tangled limbs, heated kisses and soft moans, now the dam had been broken Remus couldn't get enough of the way Sirius pleaded with him as he nipped and sucked on Sirius's collarbone. "Take your shirt off and straddle me," demanded Sirius, his voice sounding huskier than normal. Remus did as he was asked and as he swung his leg over the over boy and got himself into a comfy position the resulting contact between Sirius and himself caused them both to groan in pleasure at the friction this had caused. The thin regulation school trousers they wore did nothing to hide the fact they were both as hard as either boy had ever been. "Fuck, that feels so good," moaned Sirius incoherently, his fingers were digging into Remus's hips as they rocked against one another, chasing their release. Remus collapsed in a hot sweaty heap on top of Sirius, he rolled off to the side with a snort as Sirius complained about his weight. He laid on his side and supported his head with a hand so he could properly look at his friend turned lover. "Why so me Remus?" It was an old marauders joke and it brought a smile to the werewolfs lips. "What are we going to tell the others? I don't want whatever this is," and gestured between them both "to come between us all." Sirius frowned briefly and then summoned his wand from the other side of the room; he performed a quick freshening spell on the both of them and unlocked the door. "Apart from the fact that we have the marauders law that says no matter what happens we'll be friends for life, I want to see where this goes." He leaned in for a quick kiss "And as for James and Peter..." The bedroom door opened. "Have you two finished, I asked Evans to look over my potions homework and I left my bag up here, don't worry I've got my eyes shut, I have no need to see your dicks out." James Potter walked into the room with his hands over his glasses and tripped over a random shoe in the middle of the room. "Real smooth, Prongs," taunted Sirius. "Do you really think I would have lifted the lock if I wasn't finished?" "I just tried the door, you didn't put a tie on it." James grabbed a book off his bedside table "Right found it. I'll see you two lovebirds later. Do try to not scar Peter too much, he is still an innocent in the ways of love." James left the room with a jaunty wave and a cheeky reminder to use a protection spell because they were all too young to raise any puppies. Sirius used his wand to close the door. "I know you're worried Remus, but James, doesn't care, it was his idea to for me to tell you. In his words 'I'm sick of listening to you moon over Moony, just tell him how you feel' so I did and here we are, and you're still frowning at me. Why are you frowning at me?" Remus could hear the hint of fear in Sirius's question and smiled. "I wasn't frowning at you." Sirius looked confused. "Well what were you doing?" Remus pulled Sirius closer to him. "I was thinking about how much fun I'm going to have keeping that mouth of yours busy by kissing you senseless." Any reply Sirius might have had was forgotten as Remus made good on his statement, in the background the gramophone was playing away to itself, long forgotten and stuck on a magical playback loop. "If you want my body and you think I'm sexy come on sugar let me know. If you really need me, just reach out and touch me. Come on honey tell me so." A/N: Okay so when I started this, this wasn't what I had planned to write. It was originally going to be a Marauder prank involving them, the music and a packed great hall and as you have read this story is nothing at all like that. My characters took over and hijacked the story, I hoped you enjoyed it anyway. Do you think I'm sexy was written by Rod Stewart, Carmine Appice and Duane Hitchings, in real life it was released in 1978 but I moved it forwards for the purpose of my plot. (Plot? What plot I hear you all cry)