looked towards Tom. His soul, that's what Tom was. Tom's expression had darkened, his eyes only cold and empty. It wasn't obvious if he was taking this information badly or was just thinking things over. "Are you okay?" Harry asked, ignoring the Dursley's as he gently pulled on Tom's sleeve. Tom stirred as his eyes flicked to meet Harry's own. "Ask them how your parents died," he stated quietly. Harry's own eyes widened as his heart rate quickened. "If they were powerful. If your parents really did have magic then they certainly didn't die in something as stupid as a car crash," Tom said. The question died in Harry's throat however as Aunt Petunia continued. "We have already contacted the school," Petunia said tersely. "A representative will be taking you into London on your birthday to buy supplies." Harry gaped at this, distracted from Tom's question. "You're going to buy me supplies to study magic?" Uncle Vernon exploded. "Don't you dare say that word boy." "What?" Harry blinked. "Magic?" Uncle Vernon lost it, as he advanced and grabbed Harry firmly on the arm. Harry winched as he struggled. "Let go," he demanded. Uncle Vernon ignored him completely. "While you live in this house you are still to obey our rules," he spat. Something smashed causing both Harry and the Dursley's to jump alarmed. Tom was standing by the china plates, glowering murderously at Vernon. "Tell him if he doesn't let you go now, I will snap Dudley's precious little neck," Tom hissed. Tom smashed another plate. "Tell Tom to calm down," Petunia snapped furiously. "This does not concern him." Now it was Harry's turn to be angry as the lights flickered. Barely registering that was something to do with him. "Of course it involves him," Harry retorted. "He is apart of me whether you like it or not. After all these years where you've told us we're not normal. When there are plenty of others out there who can do what we can." Uncle Vernon however had clearly had enough as he jerked Harry off his feet. Tom had no time to react as Harry was forced back into his cupboard and the lock clicked shut. "No," Harry yelled, banging against the door. "And Dudley will be staying at Pier's for the weekend, so Tom can't lay a finger on him," Uncle Vernon declared wildly. "And your aunt and I are leaving too. We'll be back Sunday night." Harry froze, hands curling into fists against the door. Tom couldn't go far from him, maybe from Harry being trapped in the cupboard he would be able to reach the lamppost across the road, but that would hurt at a stretch. Tom was screaming, protesting loudly but of course the Dursley's couldn't hear him. Harry zoned out, he had often been locked in his cupboard for days, but that wasn't the problem. Tom wasn't going to be with him, they were going to be separated by a thin piece of wood locked tightly and that made all the difference. "And Tom better not destroy anything else," Uncle Vernon spat. "If I come home to so much as a broken teapot then I will leave you in there until that freak comes to collect you." There was a slam of the front door. Harry felt himself go hollow. The Dursley's had planned this, almost as if Uncle Vernon had known he wouldn't be able to cope with the situation and in turn Harry's reaction. Apparently throwing out all the information without facing any answers had been the solution and now Harry was sitting panicked, alone in his cupboard. "I'll get something to smash it," Tom hissed, barely containing his anger. Harry heard Tom move away hurriedly, he was probably seeking out Uncle Vernon's tool kit. Only Tom returned not more than a minute later. "He's taken it with him," Tom said, fist slamming on the other side of the door. Harry deflated, almost curling in on himself. He hated being without Tom. Tom too seemed restless, Harry could hear him pacing back and forth, probably thinking of a way to break the lock. "Are you really part of my soul?" Harry finally asked. Tom hesitated, pausing in his pacing. "I guess." Harry knew this wasn't a good thing, something was bothering Tom already. He always had an answer and he wasn't satisfied with Aunt Petunia's explanation. "I can't believe magic is real," Harry said in response, head leaning back against the wooden door. "Tom?" Harry pressed when the other side of the door remained deadly silent. Harry heard the rustle of what must have been parchment. Tom was reading the letter again. When Tom did finally speak his voice was deadly cold. "I swear to you Harry, when we are stronger and have know magic the Dursley's will suffer for what they have done to you." "Tom-" Harry began. "Don't say that." "I promise it," Tom hissed, his voice furious. "You never deserved this. We are better than them, they are only filth like the rest of them." "The rest of them?" Harry asked confused. "Those that aren't like us, the people who can't do magic." "Not everyone is like the Dursley's and you know it." Harry countered. Tom ignored his comment. "They are incomplete. They don't have dæmons." "Just because no one can see them doesn't mean they don't exist," Harry replied. "Stop making excuses for them," Tom hissed. "They are worthless." "I'm not," Harry countered. "Stop trying to find reasons to hate them all just because they're different from us." "People will always hate what is different from the norm, and that includes us, why should we act any differently towards them?" Tom replied coldly. "That doesn't make it right," Harry argued. "You're being naive Harry," Tom stated. Harry sighed, maybe he was. Chapter one updated April 2017 Dæmon's are usually animals, so people's daemons are going to correspond to their corporal Patronus'. For example, Hermione's dæmon will be an otter.