you brilliant girl, you!" she exclaimed, giddy. Her fingers were petting all of the owl's favorite spots in congradulations. Hedwig puffed out her chest proudly, enjoying the praise her Master was giving her, nipping one of her fingers affectionately. That somehow reminded the shifter of the situation. "Oh, I must look so strange to you, but again: how did you find me? I'm so sorry, I hadn't even thought about what you would do when you came back to the house and found it gone! Everything was just so chaotic; I'm sure a lot of things would have occurred to me once I settled down." Hedwig hooted softly, nipping at her Master's hand. The message was clear: Don't worry about it. The shifter continued petting and praising Hedwig for a while before the mirror once again caught her eye. Gazing at her reflection, she scooted across the bed to sit on the edge. "Hedwig came back. She found me, even with how things are. Voldemort's back. He'd be able to find me, too. Not sure how, but just watch, Hedwig. He won't sit by and trust that I'm dead. He won't be satisfied until he kills me himself, and that means he'll try to... bring me back or something. And when he can't, he'll know I'm not dead. Voldemort's the kind of man who holds a grudge past his own revenge. He'll follow me past death to make sure I'm gone." Hedwig barked in agreement, and Not-Harry was silent for a while. When she spoke again, she sounded sure of herself. Unnoticed to her, changes were beginning to happen to her form in response to the emotion. "I can't hide from him, not even as somebody else. You've shown me that, girl." Her hair moved down her neck, reaching a few inches past the middle of her back. "It doesn't matter who I am to him, he'll always call me Harry, and he'll always despise me." Her frame shifted, bending into an even more flexible form. "He'll blame every misfortune in his life on me, just like I do with him. He's made us intertwined, put us on a path that keeps leading to each other." Her eyes got slightly larger, and her eyebrows thinned. Her cheekbones softened, rising slightly. "If I'm going to face him, I might as well feel confident. More studying, I'll need every spell and tactic I can get." She was picking up steam, now, in both her speech and her transformation. Her nose changed abruptly, forming a little button in the middle of her face. "Set goals, and then achieve those goals! Feel confident in your ability." Her body changed again, expanding and shrinking into size. Her chest and butt were now quite noticeable, though her breasts were still not large. Her body overall was slim, although the bottom half was slightly more full than the rest. "The Nine sent me here to get rid of him, that's my task. Forget what anyone else might say, that is my job at the moment, and damn it all, I'm going to get it done! Not just because I have to, but because I should, and I can!" She was on her feet now, although she didn't recall standing up. She grinned victoriously at absolutely no one, proud of herself for coming to terms with the situation, and taking charge without the prompting of someone else. From the brief silence came a clapping sound behind her, and she spun around, wand suddenly at the ready. She lowered it quickly in favor of a blush, however. Sitting in the armchair next to the small table was Venus, still wearing only the skirt of cloth. "Very very well done! I daresay you've rallied the wallpaper quite thoroughly!" She stopped clapping and smiled, genuinely proud. "Jokes aside, that was like four very important decisions you just made all at once! Oh, come here!" Venus stood and embraced the young shapeshifter, embarrassing, confusing, and arousing her all at once. Pulling away, Venus looked her over and said, "Love the look, by the way! You'll have no problem recruiting supporters, that's for sure!" Seemingly for the first time, the shifter noticed her most recent changes. Snapping her head to the mirror, she turned, and admired the form her subconscious had chosen. "I guess some part of me had to have good taste." "Indeed. I am so glad that you have solved the question of your appearance and, indeed, your gender. Your decision to work harder at learning magic and your conviction to stop the monster formerly known as Tom Riddle are being praised at the Temple as we speak! "So," she began, as though exchanging gossip. "What's your new name?" Almost as though it had been there the whole time, and simply waited for the opportunity, the girl's choice presented itself immediately. "Danielle. Danielle Rosewood." ~(HJN)~ AN: And that's that! Chapter One! Holy shit! This was... easy. Writing hasn't been this easy in a long time. Sorry about the lack of porn, but, as Ollivander lamented, some things just never come up. I fully intended to put in at least one masturbation lemon near the end when I started writing, but instead the monologue/form choosing kind of flowed out and took its place. Not sure when updates on anything, including this, will be out, but rest assured that I am, indeed, back! I can tell you this much, of the stories that are out, I am actively pursuing the next chapter in Forever Changed, Naruto: Spectral Power, True Partners: Uzumaki and Uchiha, and now this one. The rest are kind of just... sitting there, waiting for me to want to have anything to do with them. I've been heavily distracted by totally new stories, watching Doctor Who again (and again and again), and connecting with my soul mate. Have you guys ever met your soul mate? I highly recommend it! So, I'm clocking this chapter at 8,353 words! Tune in next time!