take any notice of your sister's insults. Or is it the school? You think the other kids won't like you? Is that it?" When Lily turned around, her face was screwed up with distress and, rubbing tears from her eyes with a fist, she sobbed, "I want ... m-my ... Mummy!" "There, there, darling," said Mrs Evans, crouching to enfold Lily in her reassuring arms, "Mummy's here." . Strangers on a Train Mr Evans rejoined his family as they were walking into King's Cross station, but poor Lily began to feel more and more isolated despite the crowds around them. They found a near-empty compartment on the Hogwarts Express and exchanged farewells through the window, then she hunched up in a corner seat looking out onto the platform and feeling miserable. All around was the noise of excited schoolchildren chatting, shouting, bumping their luggage about as they clambered aboard. Even when the train finally began to clatter along the tracks, Lily blotted it all out and withdrew into her thoughts. Inevitably, a few rowdy kids spilled into her private space to join the others in the compartment but she ignored them all. What was she to do? What could she do? Hitchhike back to the Evans home? Retrieve the Time-Turner, and recklessly guess how to set the clockwork? Take that chance? Impossible! And what of her grandmother, the young Lily Evans? Was she now aboard a future Hogwarts Express taking her rightful place beside her brothers, Albus and James! She rubbed tear stains from her cheeks as the compartment door banged open and shut once again and another youngster sat down opposite her. One instinctive glance was enough to widen her eyes and return her to the present with a jolt. A sallow face curtained by long stringy hair stared expectantly back at her. Could this really be the boy from whom her brother's middle name was taken? Severus Snape? The very one who drove Lily Evans to visit the future and the terrible fix that now trapped them both and made her fearful of anything she might do! Impulsively, she blurted out in a constricted voice, "I don't want to talk to you." "Why not?" Lily hesitated, trying to think how she ought to respond but not wishing to interact at all within this minefield of time bombs. "You made Petunia hate me." "So what?" She threw him a look of deep dislike. "So she's my sister!" "She's only a–" He caught himself quickly; Lily, too busy trying to wipe her eyes without being noticed, did not hear him. "But we're going!" he said, unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice."This is it! We're off to Hogwarts!" She nodded, mopping her eyes, but in spite of herself, she half smiled. It would be a curious adventure – to see Hogwarts for a day – and once the Time-Turner was sorted out, everything would be fine. "You'd better be in Slytherin," said Snape, encouraged that she had brightened a little. "Slytherin?" One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point, looked round at the word. Lily was shocked at his appearance which was so very much like a photo of her father when he'd been in Hogwarts. She knew it couldn't be, but her mouth had shaped the word, " Dad?" before she realised – with an aftershock – it must be James, her grandfather. "Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" the boy asked his friend lounging on the seats opposite him, and with a jolt, Lily recognised it was a very young Sirius Black. "My whole family have been in Slytherin," said Sirius. "Blimey," said James, "and I thought you seemed alright!" Sirius grinned. "Maybe I'll break the tradition. Where are you heading, if you've got the choice?" James lifted an invisible sword. "Has to be ' Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!' Like my dad." Snape made a small, disparaging noise. James turned on him. "Got a problem with that?" "No," said Snape, though his slight sneer said otherwise."If you'd rather be brawny than brainy–" "Where are you hoping to go, seeing as you're neither?' cut in Sirius. James roared with laughter. Lily sat up, rather flushed, and looked from James to Sirius in dislike. "Come on, Severus, let's find another compartment." "Oooooo...!" James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice; James tried to trip Snape as he passed. "See ya, Snivellus!" a voice called, as the compartment door slammed. The finality of the door crashing shut stopped Lily in her tracks. Had she disrupted time itself? Had the real Lily Evans fallen in love at first sight? With that loud-mouthed, arrogant hooligan? Poor Lily Potter struggled to remember. All she knew for sure was that Lily Evans had become James's sweetheart at some point. Surely it couldn't hurt to put it off for a day or so until the real Lily Evans turned up? Tortured by the desperate fear of breaking time's intended fate and yet so unwilling to face that awful lout Potter, her face screwed up tight in conflict. "Lily?" said Snape, showing real concern for her. She stared at him. There in the corridor of the Hogwarts Express, Lily Potter gaped at Severus Snape and remembered that he'd truly loved the real Lily Evans. How was she supposed to push him away? What was to be done to separate them? . —oOo— . Author's Notes This short story has only three chapters which I'll put up weekly, but I hope you already find it interesting. I mostly write (and read) only about Harry and friends at Hogwarts but this idea seized me and wouldn't let go! Many thanks for all comments and reviews. These are most welcome and very encouraging. Let me know of any weaknesses or faults — I'm always trying to improve my writing so feedback is really useful. :) - Hippothestrowl .