ended up covered in tar because a nearby factory leaked the stuff into the water. When we were 10, Severus said he was going to boarding school. I told him I would come too, but it was only for boys, of course. I was heartbroken to lose my friend, but he convinced me to apply to the boarding school that Petunia had tried to get into. He was always so obsessed with getting out of Cokeworth – that's where we grew up. I did get in, and I got a scholarship too. Petunia was furious – she wouldn't speak to me for two weeks." "Did you go?" James asked. "I did. Sev and I wrote to each other all the time." Lily let out a laugh. "I remember when we both got AIM accounts – we were so excited! We talked about school, and the difficulties of being a scholarship student with the rich kids, and about our new friends. Well, I talked about my friends. He didn't mention his very much." James thought he knew why. Snape had run with a rough crowd; most of them had come from old money and had passed most of their school careers spending that money on alcohol, rousing themselves occasionally to harass anyone who wasn't rich, white, and straight. Sirius' family was of the same ilk, so James was more familiar with the motley crew than he would have preferred. "Anyway, we were pen pals for years, right up through uni." "Where did you go?" "University of Edinburgh. I'm a Scottish girl through and through." "Have you been working in Edinburgh this past year?" "Oh, I just graduated. I started uni a year after Sev and you," she added, in response to James' questioning look. "I went home to Cokeworth for a year because my dad died, and I wanted to be with my mum, and to work." "I'm sorry," James said. She made to wave off his sympathy, but he said, "No, really. My mum died when I was 16. I know how hard it is to lose a parent too early." "Oh," said Lily. "Well, now I would say I'm sorry, but…" They shared a small, sad smile. "Yeah," said James. "Sympathy sucks." There was a moment of silence, then James said, "Hey, want to see a card trick?" Lily nodded eagerly, scooting over a seat so she was directly across from him. James was just rifling through his rucksack for his card deck when Snape reentered the compartment. "Well, I see I'm interrupting something," he sneered, looking pointedly at Lily. "Actually you're just in time," she responded smoothly. "James was about to show me a card trick." "I'd rather not watch," Snape retorted, sitting in his window seat and looking pointedly out the window. Lily stared at him disbelievingly for a moment. James wondered if she was asking herself how a grown man could behave so much like a pouty child; he certainly was. Then she shook it off and turned back to James. The rest of the journey passed similarly. Lily was delighted with James' tricks, and, in return, showed him how her double-jointed elbow could bend unnaturally far in the wrong direction. Then they had a bad joke-off. (Lily won with "What room is a ghost afraid of? The living room!"). Then they swapped stories of pranks pulled at boarding school. (James won that round, for the time he and the boys had swapped the sugar out for salt for a foreign ambassador's tea time visit. They had hidden in the closet to watch the Board of Governors and their visitors choke down their tea, each too embarrassed to say anything. Snape had interjected at this point to say, "How childish.") James had then taken upon himself to give Lily a rundown of his favorite bars in London, because she said she needed a part-time night job to help pay the bills. James was surprised to notice when the train was pulling into King's Cross Station. Snape was already swinging his rucksack down, obviously eager to be on his way. James caught Lily's arm. "Hey, listen, do you want to grab a drink sometime? I'm not asking you out," he added, noting her hesitant glance at Snape, whose profile was rigid. "It's just, you're the first person I've met who can bend their elbow joint the wrong way. Can you blame a bloke for wanting to be friends with a person like that?" She laughed. "Well, all right," but Snape then decided to take matters into his own hands. He grabbed Lily's rucksack and pushed roughly between them. "Come on Lily, we have to get your luggage off the rack." She made to turn, but James said, "Hey!" and, in a moment of inspired brilliance he would congratulate himself for afterwards, wrote his phone number onto the card she'd selected from his deck earlier in the journey. "London is a big place; you could use more than one friend." Lily smiled broadly, and James could tell she understood what he was trying to tell her; he wasn't going to try and interfere in her friendship with Snape. "Thanks James," she said, with genuine warmth, and she clasped his hand briefly before following Snape off down the corridors. Author's note: Happy to have you reading! I have all 19 chapters of this story already written out by hand, and I'm aiming to type/edit/update one chapter per week. This first chapter's nice and light, but this story will deal with some heavy subject matter. When I feel it is necessary, I will put trigger warnings at the top of the chapter. They may give away some of the upcoming content, so if you feel comfortable skipping them, go right ahead. Please look out for yourselves and put your safety first. If you need to skip a chapter but still want to find out what happened, message me and I'll be more than happy to tell you. Take care! E