Hermione barely got to talk to him without him being attached by one of his surviving siblings. Hermione had never felt so alone before, despite being joined by others whose families either were dead, missing or safely in hiding. She had volunteered to contact Snape so quickly Neville only had time to raise his hand to his ear, where it hovered uncertainly for a moment before he took it down again. Not everyone accepted her assignment so quickly, however. "Why are you sending her ?" Tracey Davis had ended up on the improvised leadership council by virtue of being the first Slytherin in the camp. Once she had pointed out that members of her house most likely had no means of contacting the opposition even if they were fighting against Voldemort, she had been joined by a trickle of others. "If there is anyone Headmaster Snape can't stand, it's Granger." "He will speak to her, Miss Davis. Rest assured." Professor McGonagall was one of the select few who were privy to the details of the Horcrux hunt. Hermione had believed her at the time, but now she was uneasily aware that Snape had shared no useful information whatsoever so far. "How will you keep on fighting, precisely?" He paced from one end of the room to another, robes swishing like they used to do in Potions when he got particularly agitated. "You have no supplies, a few hundred fighters at most and far too many dependents. The Dark Lord is searching the country to find you, and when he does –" "He won't." Hermione looked him in the eyes, knowing he wouldn't believe her but making the attempt anyway. "We will continue to fight the only way that we can win: by destroying the last remaining Horcrux and then take him down." Snape stopped dead in front of the window, his dark head contrasting against the soft sunlight seeping through the glass. "Horcruxes?" he whispered. "More than one?" "Six have been destroyed. One," Hermione swallowed, staring intently at the fireplace where some pieces of coal had been dislodged by her arrival, "was Harry." "The boy." He merely breathed the words, and Hermione kept her eyes away. "And the last one?" he asked eventually, in the voice she remembered from the Potions classroom. "It's Nagini. Which is where you come in." There was a long pause. "I would appreciate if you refrain from treading soot into the carpet in the future; the house-elves do have tasks other than cleaning up after careless visitors." With Snape, all one needed to know lay in what he didn't say. Hermione only visited his study twice after that; Snape came up with The Three Broomsticks scheme instead, to reduce the risks of relying on the heavily monitored Floo network, and house-elves cleaning up after her had become a distant memory. It had seemed like a simple plan in the beginning: kill Nagini and then her master, followed by a general uprising. Unfortunately, they never got past the first part. Although Voldemort must have realised his Horcruxes were under attack, he didn't seem to have created more of them. Perhaps the unpredictability of splitting his soul in even more pieces frightened him. Hermione didn't care; in retrospect, it might have been a more sensible plan to bring Voldemort down first and then track down the bloody Horcruxes at their leisure. Admittedly, Voldemort would have retreated to the shadows again, biding his time to return, but even the Ministry of Magic would surely have learnt the lesson the second time around. The Dark Lord skulking without a body was infinitely preferable to him actually running the country, mercilessly hunting down his enemies while they were trying to destroy him. At the moment, however, their only chance to get to either Voldemort and Nagini was through Snape – but they could only use him once. Neither of the options were appealing: attack Voldemort, and Nagini would escape through his master's intricate web of detection spells – or bring Nagini down, and Voldemort would know Snape for a traitor. Which was why they were still trudging along with option C, despite it taking Neville and Fleur years to advance even a few yards. "Alas, there is only one likely outcome in a fight between Longbottom and Nagini – you could at least pretend to take the scheme seriously and assign an adult wizard to it." Snape looked like she had been caught passing notes in class. Hermione didn't bother pointing out that Neville had been of age since he had escaped from Hogwarts; some subjects were best avoided with Snape. "Fleur Weasley used to be a Curse-Breaker in Gringotts. Or is a witch not enough for you?" "Kindly refrain from endowing me with outdated Muggle prejudices. Mrs Weasley is... acceptable." "Oh, for the love of Merlin," Hermione mumbled. Apparently, outdated Muggle stereotypes were partly accurate – she only wished it hadn't been true in the one area where Severus Snape's opinion was likely to overlap with Ronald Weasley's. Predictably, Snape ignored her. "The Dark Lord is currently in Upper Flagley, visiting his faithful subjects. It is possible that Longbottom and Mrs Weasley may be marginally more successful in his absence." "No doubt they will be fuelled by enthusiasm, should they hear of your ringing endorsement." "One would think the opportunity to rid the world of a delusional tyrant who has long overstayed his welcome would be sufficient motivation." Hermione was almost certain the glint in his dark eyes meant that he was joking. "It gets old, you know: save the world, bring freedom to the people, a new dawn, etc. etc. Maybe if you promised them you'd actually give them a compliment if they succeed, they might actually do it?" His eyebrows went up and up, and Hermione was cringing in embarrassment of having misread him so. "Hardly. If I believe that would work, I would have praised Longbottom to the skies years ago. Cauldrons aren't cheap, you know."