pleasure of being back in Minerva's quarters, the space she had been living in for longer than he had been alive, carried him all the way across the threshold. It was like coming home. Minerva slept on her back, mercifully fully clad. Severus stretched his hand out as if to touch hers, just for a moment. One last time, before the end. Neither of them were inclined to touch others easily – not like Filius, who slapped one's lower back as a matter of course, and eagerly clutched arms not offered to him when getting particularly excited about a subject. Apart from accidental bumps and formal handshakes, Minerva had touched him deliberately perhaps half a dozen times during the three decades Severus had known her. The last time had been when he had told the Order how Emmeline Vance had died. He had sworn the Unbreakable Vow to Narcissa just a few days earlier, only to be forced to participate in slaughtering his Order colleague two days later. At the time, Severus had been at a loss how he would be able to last until the end of the summer, never mind the end of the war. After the meeting the kitchen in Grimmauld Place had been brimming with laughter and loud chatter as the gathering turned into a cosy family affair. The others seemed determined to enjoy a rare moment of catching up with their family and friends. Severus alone was left in the shadows, as if he already had cut himself loose from his companions. At one time, he had almost believed he truly had become one of them. As the part he was set to play in Albus' game became clear at last, Severus realised he had been apart from the beginning. The only choices that had mattered in his life had been the ones he had made before he had turned twenty-one. A firm grip on his arm returned him to the present. "Don't give up on yourself, Severus." Minerva looked at him so intently he was afraid she was reading his mind. "It's Albus' job to see the big picture, but he tends to forget his chess pieces are people sometimes. That's what friends are for, you know." She nodded to Charity Burbage at the other side of the table, who beamed back at Severus. Scrambling to put up his defences and formulate a response at the same time, he didn't manage more than a grunt. Minerva patted his arm again before heading for the teapot. In the present, Severus snatched his hand back like he had been burnt, just as he was about to touch Minerva, and retreated as quickly as he could back to his office. Ensuring she got a decent night's rest for a change was one thing – Minerva would never indulge in the Draught of Dreamless Sleep of her own volition, but Severus had seen the circles growing under her eyes as the term progressed and Hogwarts as they had known it paled into a distant dream. Sneaking into her bedroom, however, suddenly seemed like an unforgivable betrayal – another one to be added to the long list. As he headed down the rabbit hole of Albus' making, Severus had tried very hard not to count the price he was paying, but now the dragons were coming home to roast. As a young man he had chafed at being cooped up at Hogwarts, cut off from anything that mattered in the wizarding world. He would never be a natural teacher – unlike Minerva or Filius, who delighted in finding a way to get across to the most recalcitrant student, Severus found most teenagers obnoxious rather than fascinating – but for the first time in his life he had been content. They had grumbled and argued and plotted together, and somehow his colleagues had become friends without him even realising. The best of friends, the kind he had envied James Potter and Sirius Black and the rest of their band of reprobates even as he wrote them off as the worst kind of blockheaded Gryffindors. Being a traitor in their eyes cut him far worse than he had expected; for someone who had regarded himself as an outcast for most of his life, Severus was oddly sensitive to each snub, every look of disdain as he carried out the Dark Lord's commands and turned Hogwarts into a battlefield. He had weighed so lightly what they had given him, Minerva, Filius and the others – it was only when their trust had been broken he realised how much it had meant to him. Tonight had been a dangerous indulgence, one last nod to the life they had shared. Unless the Fates were kind – and they never were, not to Severus Snape – there would be no more Special Potions, no more shared jokes or intricate plots to subvert Umbridge. He had been a fool to seek absolution from Minerva even when she was sleeping. No more: he would play the game until the end, no matter what it cost him, because the price of failure was higher still. The night wasn't quite over, however – Severus had another celebration, of sorts, planned for himself. The Potions Master didn't need any potions for his own use; all he required could be found inside the Pensieve that had come with his office. When he emerged from the silver mists it was a gloriously sunny day in Cokeworth– the kind of day the North of England is blessed with so rarely it is worth skipping school for, in case there is only a few of them that summer. The air was already simmering with heat above the cobblestones, even though it was only seven o'clock in the morning. Severus knew better, of course – it was the sort of day that only happens once or twice in a lifetime; a perfect day. He set off down the laneway, towards the Evans' house. THE END