that they are pranksters right? Why would you trust them with things like spell work or how you get sorted at Hogwarts." Ron blushed red and Luciano turned to the rest of the people in the booth and said "My name is Luciano Black, nice to meet you guys." Luciano turned toward the only member of the compartment who hadn't spoken and stared at the boy in front of him. He had jet black hair that was wild in appearance. His pale skin was a large contrast to his hair and his emerald green eyes were a perfect match for his own. ( A/N: I actually have green eyes in real life.) The unknown boy smiled and said "My name is Harry Potter, nice to meet you." Luciano extended his hand and shook Harry's with a firm handshake and said "The pleasure is all mine." Turning to the plump boy from outside of the compartment, he said "What is the name of your toad again?" The boy stuttered out "T t t Trevor" Luciano nodded and said "Accio Trevor." A loud croak was heard and Luciano opened his hand just in time to catch a toad that was speeding toward him. Luciano handed the toad to the plump boy and said "Your welcome ... I don't know what your name is" The plump kid managed to get out a "Neville" and a quick "Thank You" before he took off down the train. Luciano turned back to the compartment and was surprised to see the young trio talking amongest themselves and felt completely out of the loop. Luciano felt his heart ache and sighed as he knew despite his journey back to this world, his mission was to save the world, not interfere in random events throughout time. Luciano was interrupted by a clearing of the throat behind him. Luciano moved to the side and watched as two huge boys covering a smaller blond boy walked to the entrance of the compartment. Luciano looked at the trio of young boys and watched as the young blond kid spoke " I was told that The Harry Potter was in this compartment, is that true." Harry gulped and asked "Who wants to know?" The blond boy extended his hand and said "Malfoy, Draco Malfoy, heir of the Noble House of Malfoy. Possible friend to you." Luciano was caught by surprise at the friendliness of the Malfoy heir and watched as Ron began to react in a way that he never saw before. Ron's face flashed with anger and Luciano stepped in and said " Malfoy Heir Major, you should know that young Potter Heir Major here has been raised by his muggle family, therefore he doesn't know the traditions that go along with his heightened Status." Malfoy looked puzzled and said "Is that true, Potter Major?" Harry looked overwhelmed by the random people speaking on his behalf and said "That is correct, I was raised by my non-magical relatives." Malfoy nodded and said "It would do you well to learn the customs that go along with your position in our world. So until you learn the ways of our world, I can not formally ask for your hand in friendship. Good day, Potter Heir Major." Malfoy and his two followers left and Luciano let out a sigh of relief. Luciano looked back at the future golden trio and said "That could have gone a lot worse than that had actually gone. You need to be worried about the way that you approach things. There are people that can be the greatest allies that you can possibly have or you make a major mistake and create your own worst enemy. You need to be careful about the way that you present yourself to the world." Hermione and Harry looked confused at this, while Ron looked angry. All Luciano could do was think ' Wow, this is so puzzling, was Ron always against me or is this just the manipulations of this world's Dumbledore.' Luciano looked at confused muggle raised duo and said "Allow me to explain the rules of being a Pure-blood. Do feel free to help me explain anything that I may miss Ron, because I know that despite your family's recent troubles, the Ancient House of Weasley would keep all of their children well versed in the proper way of Pure-blood traditions because after all, you don't plan to remain outside of society forever do you." Ron hissed in anger and Luciano thought 'I got him now, let's see if I can't just fix the past by myself. I promise you, Hermione, the future that I come from will never fall onto this world, if it is the last thing that I ever do, I will prevent it. And it all starts from this moment right now, I will fix the future or I will die trying to prevent it, I swear on my Magic.' A/N:Hello, this is the author of this story. I know that there is a lot of confusion in this story, but as the story progresses, things will begin to make more sense. However, until that happens, I will just explain somethings about the other universe from the beginning. Luciano Black, Bastard Son of Sirius Black and Gladys Walkin, a drunken one stand. Gladys raises Luciano until the age of 7 before killing herself. Luciano then ventures out into the world by himself, traveling through the Magical World studying all branches of Magic. Later upon his return to Britain, he learned of his father's death to Lord Voldemort, when he was an infant and finds out from his father's will that he was marked by LV as his equal and that he is the only one who will be able to usher in a period of piece. At 11 he heads off to Hogwarts. That's all for now, until next time. Also, if you have any suggestions or complaints, feel free to leave a review or PM me.