they don't even try to understand the real you, alright?" Ally said nothing. Hearing the clicking on the linoleum of the kitchen floor, Ally saw that Calypso had cautiously made her way back into the kitchen. The dog's ears perked up at her sniffling and immediately trotted over to rest her head on Ally's lap, staring up at her with her huge, brown doe eyes. She placed her other hand on top of their clasped ones. "Do you know what I see in front of me?" Ally shook her head slowly, the tears slowing but still falling. A freak, a monster; her mind was listing all negative words to describe herself. Her lip trembled. Her mother smiled lovingly. Her voice was husky and comforting, and it reminded Ally of the nights when she was little and she had woken from a nightmare; her mother would rush into the room and cuddle her in her arms, whispering that she was there, that she would protect her, and that nothing would hurt her, using that same light and soothing tone. Fast forward to now, and her mother's worn face still held the same sense of security as it did back then. "I see a special, talented, kindhearted, and gorgeous young girl, who would never hurt a fly even if she wanted to. And I know she would never want to." Ally sniffed and rubbed the tears from her eyes. "Feel better?" the older woman asked quietly. "…a little, I guess." Ally did feel as though the weight lodged in her chest had lightened somewhat. It was still there, but hey, it was progress, right? "Good." Her mother opened her arms as an invitation, and Ally didn't miss the chance to run into them for a hug, which made Calypso retreat back under the table. Mrs. Riverwood rubbed at her shoulders and back, and placed a tender kiss on her forehead before combing through her curly hair. "I love you, Ally. You are my whole world, and I hate to see you so upset." Her mother managed to rock them back and forth slowly, which always helped calm Ally down when she was in one of her moods. "I know you try not to make me worried, but that's what I'm here for, love. You can tell me anything that's bothering you and I'll listen, okay?" Ally sniffed again, and this time she replied with a quiet "Okay. Love you, too," against her mother's shirt. "That's my girl." They settled back down to dinner. A good portion of the food had gone a little cold, but they still ate it anyway. Ally didn't feel as spaced out and afraid as she had before, so she was more open to talk to her mother about anything and everything. The topic was back on the supposed bad luck that followed her everywhere, but this time it was just out of genuine curiosity. She had to admit there were times that it wasn't so bad; times when it was just her around to witness. Once, when she had walked in front of old Mrs. Langston's yard one Saturday morning on the way to the grocer's, the young buds in her garden suddenly bloomed into large, beautiful flowers as she passed. One day it began to rain heavily as she was walking home from school, and she was caught without an umbrella. However, her clothes and hair had somehow stayed perfectly dry all the way home. And then a month ago her mother had basically demanded that she clean her room, a chore that she greatly despised no matter how small the mess was. Yet when she opened her bedroom door after grudgingly tromping up the stairs, the room was spotless and all her possessions had been mysteriously organized. "What do you think it is, Mom?" Ally asked through a mouthful of garlic bread. "I'm not entirely sure, love." Her mother shrugged before picking up her glass and taking a long sip of her water. "D'you think we'll ever figure out what's causing it?" "Oh, I think so. Everything in the world happens for a reason, don't forget. We should see this reason sometime in the future-" Of course, nothing prepared either Ally or her mother for what came next. A strange, bird-like squawk sounded near the kitchen window. Footsteps on the pathway got louder and louder, and the two of them stopped their conversation dead in its tracks. And then the doorbell rang. O SHIT CLIFFHANGER lol So I don't have a solid updating schedule hashed out yet. Summer vacation is winding down and I'll be going back to school here in a couple of weeks, which means I'll be pretty busy with classes (I have to get my shit together, in more ways than one. I'm on academic probation. Again. And I'd like to earn some scholarships this year. Also my time in art school is almost over and that means real life is approaching fast aka expenses and STUDENT LOAN BILLS...blehhhhhh can I not adult, please?). But I feel really strongly about this fic, and I'm gonna see it as my training to stop being like Professor Calamitous and not finishing what I start, so I'll see what I can do. (But seriously that is a really BAD habit of mine. I need to fix it if I ever hope to get somewhere in my career). So please comment and tell me what you think! I'd really love to hear from you, and it would be good to have some constructive criticism to improve :D But please, no trolling, no flaming, I'm not tolerant of that shit. You're not being funny, you're just being annoying. Don't like, don't read, simple as that. Capiche? Also, I have posted this story on my AO3 profile as well, which is where I have also posted some of my more...ahem... risque works. So go check those out when you get the chance! Until next time, guys! 3 ~H.E.T.