think..." "What, dear?" murmured her husband from the nearest armchair. He did not look up from the business papers he was studying. "Nothing." A few seconds passed. Edward did raise his head then. "Sorry, dear, what did you say?" He watched his wife draw a big breath of air. "I think she's–" Edward glanced towards the baby who was comfortably lying on her tummy gazing at the newspaper spread out before her. "Think she's what?" One of Edward's eyebrows arched in mild concern. "I think she's ... uh ... reading." When Edward's other eyebrow shot up, she hastily added in a lighthearted tone that was oddly off-key, "Not actually reading of course, I meant pretending to – imitating what she's seen you do so often." "But you said 'reading'; you meant 'reading' didn't you?" "Well..." "Anne, she's not yet eleven months old – she's scribbling on the pictures with her crayons." Anne hesitated. "It's your... Financial Times, dear." Edward rolled his eyes. "Ha! Well that explains it. It's the 1st of August tomorrow when I'll be reviewing my share investments and no doubt our baby will be advising me." He fluffed up his sheaf of notes grouchily then placed his attention firmly back on them. A mumbled " reading! " and " p'uh! " could be faintly heard from time to time. Several minutes passed. Edward's notes rustled irritably. He lowered them, frowned, and glanced over at his child. Her tiny fingers were slowly moving down the page and her interest had not wavered. "Hermione, darling, want to play with Hunny Bunny?" he said, glancing wildly left and right, looking for the cuddly toy. The baby rolled over on her side to look at her parents quizzically. "Hawwy? Where Hawwy?" Edward's mouth dropped open. Wide. He looked back and forth between his baby and his wife, a shocked expression on his face. "Did she baby-babble or were those her first real words? Two together! She made a sentence!" Anne was nodding and beaming and dashed over to scoop up Hermione in her arms. "There's a clever girl! Daddy will find Hunny – won't you, Daddy?" 'Daddy' rushed off to the bedroom – the most likely location for the missing toy – and returned triumphantly, wiggling it in his hands. "Here he is! Hunny Bunny!" The child's face fell. "Hawwy?" The proud father held out the soft toy. "Hunny. Say, 'Hunny'." "Waaaahhh!" wailed Hermione, burying her face in her mother's neck. "Wan' Hawwy!" . ~~~ Reading Between the Lines ~~~ It took an hour to settle Hermione into her cot that evening. "What on Earth got into her?" said Edward, as he watched his wife through the open kitchen doorway making them both a cup of tea. "Has she ever done anything like this before, Anne?" She shook her head but the teapot came down rather heavily on the counter. "What?" he said. "It's probably just an imaginary friend. Lots of kids have them," said Anne. She sprinkled a few oatmeal biscuits onto a plate then carried the tea tray through to the living room where she placed it on the coffee table. Edward sank into his chair again. "Then why can't she imagine Hewie-whatever-his-name-was is still here?" He paused. "Anne, it wasn't just a tantrum – she was crying real tears!" His wife stifled a sob with the back of her fist. "She sometimes..." "Anne?" he said softly. "Sometimes... well, it's almost as if she... remembered something. She'd babble and gurgle as normal but there'd be... a faraway... look in her eyes. An intelligent – no, no! I can't explain it better. A few minutes later she's forgotten all about it. This is the longest she's–" She had been pouring out the tea. There were tiny amber globules of the brew splashed on the polished teak surface of the tray. "What is it, dear?" said Edward. Anne put down the teapot and went over to the hearthrug where she picked up the newspaper and studied it for a while, then held it up. "See?" Edward came over. "See what? She's scrawled some crooked lines down the page." " Seven lines." "So? Seven – eleven – what's it matter?" "Look more closely. See how that one angles between those two? They could be a capital 'N'." Edward stared at his wife in disbelief, but she continued, "And those three tiny marks could make an 'E' on the side of that one. This other one might be a 'T'. Her little fingers have struggled with the horizontals." A cynical smile began to form at the corner of Mr Granger's mouth but he thought better of it. "Darling, they're just scrawls." "I think she's been trying to copy some of the letters from the FINANCIAL TIMES header," persisted Anne, more firmly. Edward frowned. "So, you're saying it's, let's see... a capital 'I', then your wobbly ' N' , then T... uh... E ... L – just meaningless scribble." He glanced at the clock on the mantelpiece and swore. "Come on, we're missing Emmerdale." He switched on the television and dived for the oatmeal cookies. . —oOo— . Author's Notes This is the beginning of a planned eight books comprising one long story without Voldemort (I became tired of rewrites of 'troll-in-dungeon', 'Ginny-in-CoS', and 'Harry-in-Tournament' episodes. All is new. All eight books will be within this one giant story. However, although I can't guarantee I'll finish all eight books, I do commit to each one once started, and hopefully each will have a satisfying end. Many thanks to menm for beta-reading and helping me polish and strengthen the presentation and flow. This Book 0 will cover Hermione's new life up to starting Hogwarts at age eleven. I promise it will be nothing like you expect! Many thanks for all comments and reviews. These are most welcome and very encouraging. Let me know of any weaknesses or faults — I'm always trying to improve my writing so feedback is really useful. :) - Hippothestrowl .