the paper again and more words appeared. It read ' You are not real. Potter is dead. I am dead .' "I'm not dead, professor and neither are you," the young wizard told him. ' How ?' The word suddenly appeared on the parchment. "I erm...after it was all...over, I went back to the Shrieking Shack. I thought you were dead," he admitted, looking over at one of the windows. "But you weren't. So we brought you back here," he said choosing not to mention the fact that people had been frantic about Snape's condition for weeks. Madam Pomfrey asked the best healers and potioneers from St Mungo's to help the man. He'd been too weak to be moved from the Hogwarts hospital wing and at one point here had been fifteen people there trying to rid Snape's body of the lethal venom it was been poisoned with. Even with the help of a seemingly endless supply of Phoenix tears, it and still taken this long for him just to wake up. Harry held the parchment up again, watching as more words appeared. ' Why return to the Shrieking Shack at all ?' It said. "What'd you mean? I couldn't just leave you there?! Not after everything I saw in your..." Harry stopped, seeing the horrified look in Snape's eyes. "In your memories," he finished quietly, a moment later. ' What did you see ?' Harry read the words that appeared after a tense silence. "You don't...remember what memories you...gave me?" he asked. ' Difficult to concentrate with your throat cut ,' was the rather sarcastic, written response and Harry couldn't help but give a small smile. It was so reminiscent of Snape's usual sarcasm that he simply couldn't help it. "Well...I asked professor McGonagall to take them out of the pensive. They're in a bottle in her...in your office. I know you probably only meant for me to see one of them...but...there was more," he replied, thinking of the many memories that made him see the Potions Master so differently than he ever had before. ' The Dark Lord is gone ?' Snape wrote, still shocked at the very idea. "Voldemort is gone," Harry corrected, verbally. ' Do not say his name ,' the pale man visibly shuddered as he spelled the words onto the page. ' How many dead ?' he asked. "On our side...fifty," Harry answered him sadly. ' The Death Eaters ?' "Most of them were caught and sent to Azkaban. Some of them died. But Rodolphus Lestrange, Macnair and Travers escaped. Shacklebolt's still looking for them. He's the acting Minister," Harry explained. *1 ' Lestrange is dangerous ,' Snape wrote, ' The other two are stupid. He is not .' "Doesn't matter; I haven't been looking for them. I wanted to help but Kinglsley said it'd be best if I didn't." ' They will come after you ,' more words appeared suddenly. "I've been here since...since the battle. Three Death Eaters can't get through the wards...or, so I've been told." ' The wards were broken .' "Professor McGonagall and the others fixed them. But they said you'll need to cast the spells again when you can because you're the headmaster," Harry told him quickly. ' What ?' Snape wrote. The stoic mask he'd been working on for the last few minutes was shattered again and now he looked both vulnerable and surprised. "Erm...you're the headmaster..." Harry repeated, slowly. "I told the Ministry that you were innocent so they wouldn't take you to Azkaban...but they can't really sack you, either." "Y...you...told..." Snape hissed but gave up once he realised that no matter how hard he tried, he just could speak yet. Both of them were startled when they looked across at the open door to see Minerva McGonagall walking towards them. She didn't think of herself as an emotional woman but she didn't try and stop the tears from falling down her aged face as she quietly approached Snape's bedside. "Severus," she said, "I was worried you'd never wake up." Snape only stared at her with dark eyes as though willing her to disappear. He'd never wanted people to know everything. He was supposed to be dead and yet here he was, surprisingly alive, having a civilised conversation with Potter and being hovered over by a crying Deputy Head. What was the matter with them? Had they simply forgotten everything he'd done over the last year? ' Send me to Azkaban ,' Snape tapped his wand against the paper again and Harry looked horrified. McGonagall glanced down at it and she gave the same expression. "Send you to Azkaban, Severus?!" she exclaimed, "We'd be laughed out of the castle." He furrowed his brow, not understanding her at all. "No. You're not going to Azkaban," she reiterated. "I'll not hear...or read...another word about it and neither will Potter, not after what he did to keep you out of that dreadful place," she sighed, conjuring a chair for herself. "Can you ever forgive me?" she asked him, seriously. "I can't have made your life easy this last year. If I'd known everything I'd never have..." ' You weren't supposed to know ,' Snape wrote, ' That would've ruined it all .' "Yes. Yours and Albus' precious plan," she sighed, "Genius though it was, it feels as though you bore the brunt of it all. I know we haven't always been the best of friends, Severus, but I...I am truly sorry," she finished and Snape looked away. Aside from being very confused and weak he simply wasn't accustomed to hearing genuine apologies. He was usually the one having to apologise. "Well, we'll let you rest," Minerva said after a moment. She stood and Harry did the same after a simple wordless gesture from her. *1 I realise I may be taking liberties here but I did a quick check and I don't think any of the three Death Eaters I mentioned are actually killed in the Battle of Hogwarts.