lucky for me; the Harpies crew had gotten me a flat that had one. Soon, I wondered into my cramped kitchen, looking for something I could possibly eat, but I heard a roar come from my fireplace. The Floo System. Harry? Hermione? Mum? Dad? I basically run back into my little living room...slightly let down. Joan Penney, the Beater for the Harpies, was standing in my living room, completely comfortable. "Um...Hello?" I said, completely shocked by how relaxes she was about coming over unannounced. "Hey, Red, We all were wondering if you wanted to go out for a few drinks with us tonight." "Red?" "What you don't like your nickname? Okay then how about…Ginger?" She asks. "And now I don't mind 'Red'." I say laughing. "So are you coming or not, Red?" She asks slightly annoyed at the fact I wasn't forward with her. "Sure, should I get changed?" I ask looking down at my jeans and sweatshirt. "Yeah, wear the shortest cocktail dress you own." She says plopping down on the used couch. "But I don't own a cocktail dress." I say awkwardly. She looks up at me like I'm a completely foreign creature. "What do you mean by that? Isn't your family loaded?" I was slightly taken aback. "What? No…not really." She got up and threw her purse on my couch. She slowly walked toward me and looked at me up and down. "Alright, we may be able to work out something with either my dresses or Cecilia's. You're close enough to our sizes." She said before taking my elbow and dragging me through the floo system. I couldn't believe it. I was in Joan Penney's flat. Wearing Cecilia Morton's dress. While Mia Larsen was doing something to my hair and Marie Silverstone was doing my makeup. I was literally surrounded by five of my all time idols. The only Harpy who was not there was Gwenog Jones. Sarah told me it's because Gwenog is a struggling alcoholic and her husband would never allow her to do any partying with them. Or I guess, us. "Alright, Ginny, turn around." Marie said nodding toward the mirror that was behind me. "Okay." I said before turning around and looking at myself in the full length mirror. Oh, Merlin. I looked like…well…I wasn't really sure what I looked like but I definitely did not look like myself. I looked like one of those girls that went out to pubs and bars to get pissed. "Alright, one more thing." Joan said before disappearing into her closet and pulling out a pair of extremely tall high heels. Time heals the wounds that guilt me, Somehow, Right now. After a few hours of partying and drinking, we all returned to my flat. And as soon as we got here, the girls decided to tell me that not only are we going to go shopping for clothes on Saturday, but also for décor. I don't think they knew that I didn't have that kind of money to spare. I decided to just go along with it, it was one o'clock in the morning, I was drunk, I was wearing a tiny dress and a lot of makeup, and at that moment I didn't care about anything anymore. I forgot all about my anxieties and all of my fears, and at that moment I thought I was living a pretty independent life…well the most independent life I had yet to live. I guess it's going to have to hurt, I guess I'm going to have to cry, And let go of some things I've loved to get to the other sides. I woke up in the morning to a familiar voice coming from my living room. Through my grogginess and my slight dizziness I felt myself walking pretty fast to the voice. But when I got there, there was no one in my living room; I glanced at the clock it was 6:18 in the morning, Harry would have gotten up already. And then it hit me; the mirror. That's where the voice was coming from. I quickly made my way to the desk I had set the mirror down on just last night. And I finally see him. "Hey, Gin." He said with a smile. "Hey, Harry." I say, I was sure that my hair looked like garbage and my eyes had bags under them but I didn't mind. "Gin, you look…interesting." He said cautiously. "Yeah; the girls took me out for drinks last night, I fell asleep before I could take off the make up." I reply, rubbing the tired out of my eyes. "You're not going to get into trouble are you? I mean, drinking before a practice?" "Trust me, they were drinking too, and some of them were a bit more sloshed than me; Cecilia threw up at one point." "That's nice…Is this whole going out thing going to happen often?" Harry asked causing me to pause. What did he mean by that? "Um, I don't know; maybe. The girls told me that we're going to go shopping for cocktail dresses and stuff to decorate my flat with." "But you hate shopping…" Harry said confused. "I know, but I'm going to go anyways, it'll be fun. Plus I don't want them to think I'm some sort of prude, you know?" "Right…" I guess it's going to break me down, Like following a turn of light, It's been said that sometimes that moving on with the rest of you life, Starts with goodbye. Do you think I should add another chapter? It's kind of a cliff hanger to leave off on…I was just trying to make a fanfiction where Ginny's job was throwing a few curve balls her way (I am a full on Hinny shipper, I would never end their relationship in any of my fics) but I just don't know if this is a good place to end it or if this would make a good chaptered story. You tell me.