"Your dad might have been right about one thing at least." Scorpius watched her, trying to decide if this observation of hers meant that she was warming up to him. She was certainly watching him with a different sort of look in the eye, but Scorpius should have already known that Rose Granger-Weasley wasn't an easy shell to crack. The train began to noticeably slow down, and for the first time, Rose neared Scorpius as she moved to look out the window. It was dark, with little to be seen, yet Rose seemed to have seen something. "We're almost there," she said. "We should change into our Hogwarts robes if we don't want to be late." She reached for her trunk, which she'd never stored up on the shelf, and began pulling what she needed from its contents. Scorpius and Albus both mimicked her, but by the time Scorpius had carefully lowered his trunk and gotten out his robes, Rose had disappeared down the corridor to change, leaving Scorpius and Albus alone for the first time. He glanced over at Albus, seeing him tugging his shirt over his head. Scorpius turned around and began doing the same, though he was unable to suppress his nervousness at having to undress in front of someone. "Please don't be too bothered by Rose." Scorpius twirled around, Hogwarts robes askew, so that he could look at the other boy. Albus was already dressed, possibly because he hadn't had nerves that were causing him to fumble. He looked at Scorpius as if pleading with him to listen and believe him, which was something new. "She's not that bad," Albus said. "She's just–Well, Uncle Ron has always had a particularly strong dislike for your dad, and he's told Rose all of these things that your dad did." Scorpius bowed his head to stare at the floor, more than aware of which of Draco's actions Rose had been informed of. "And I think she's having a hard time separating you from your dad's past." Scorpius nodded. "I understand," he said. "Plenty of people have a hard time with that." He just wished they didn't. Albus's face looked sympathetic once again. "It's pretty terrible of her, to be honest," Albus said. "She did grow up with me, and she's seen how people treat me because I'm Harry Potter's son. Even Rose gets reminded about her parents by strangers all the time. She should know not to judge someone because of their parents." Scorpius thought she should too, but instead of saying so, he said, "It's different when you're a Malfoy. People want the two of you to be as great as your parents. I'm from a family with a long history of the Dark Arts and Muggle-hating." Albus hesitated before he spoke. "My dad was talking to my mum the other day during dinner, and he said that he was impressed with your father. He said that, of all the former Death Eaters, Draco Malfoy was the one he was least worried about causing problems in the future." Scorpius sat back down, trying to imagine Harry Potter saying anything about his father that could be construed as a compliment. He didn't personally know Harry Potter, but he had learned plenty about him. His father almost always refused to speak of the man, but his existence permeated too much of the wizarding world for Scorpius not to know what things were said by others. Harry Potter was supposed to be a champion for those who were good but not seen as such by society. Had Scorpius' father become one of those people? It seemed unlikely, yet it was difficult to view Albus' words as not having significance. Albus was looking at him expectantly. Scorpius focused instead on straightening his robes, only looking back at Albus when it was clear that his robes were as straight as they would ever be. "He would never be a problem," Scorpius allowed. "None of my family would because what matters above all else is appearances. Causing problems would mean being sent to Azkaban." Albus' smile changed, but it wasn't angry. It was more like he was amused at Scorpius' attempts to suggest his family weren't as great as Albus was trying to suggest they might be. Rose sliding open the compartment door interrupted them. Something out in the corridor must have put her in a better mood, as she didn't have the same frown on her lips that she'd had for the rest of the trip. She was actually smiling, albeit not a large one, and it didn't falter as she entered and took in the sight of both of the boys in their robes. Scorpius knew that the smile wasn't for him, but it was still warmer than she'd been since meeting him. She looked proud in her robes, having been waiting to wear them for years. Scorpius had been too, but he didn't feel as confident in his. He felt almost inadequate in them, and he had a feeling that inadequacy would increase once he had a House's colours emblazoned on them. "Make sure you're prepared, Al," Rose urged, gathering up her trunk as if they were getting off the train right that moment. Albus responded to the comment, locking up his trunk, and Scorpius followed his lead. He felt nervous again, unsure of what was to come once they were off the train. Albus Potter had agreed to sit with him on the Hogwarts Express and had even been kind to him, but that wouldn't necessarily mean anything once they were actually at Hogwarts. The knots in his stomach increased as the train came to a complete stop. Rose was out of their compartment in a flash in what seemed more like eagerness to get to Hogwarts than eagerness to escape from Scorpius. Albus followed her at a much more reasonable pace, and Scorpius trailed behind far enough that it wasn't quite clear if he was with Albus or not.