Draco turned and looked directly at Harry. Harry met his gaze with equanimity. "I am in a quandary of both hoping so and hoping not at the same time." "…Hmm," "Indeed." They both turned and looked at Mr Aries again before sipping quietly at their pints. z -o_o- "Good Merlin, is it much further?!" "I thought Malfoys didn't get out of breath?" "Certainly not Potter, but you have to admit this is rather unnecessary. Why haven't they installed one of those highly suspicious non-magical lifts?" "Because it is terribly old building and you can't install that sort of thing when the building is protected. Muggles have all sorts of rules and laws about that sort of thing you know." "Well it's ridiculous as far as I'm concerned. I feel rather dizzy going up in this tiny little circles over and over again. No staircase at the Manor would be so preposterously confined." Harry chuckled but didn't reply. They were about halfway up the Vestey Tower of Liverpool's Anglican Cathedral, having taken a tour around the lower floors. Draco had been stunned into silence at the sheer vastness of the Cathedral, which Harry was pleased about. Not because his company was becoming tiresome – though that was what he would tell Ron later on if he asked – but because it was nice to see muggle architecture making an impression on one so staunchly in favour of wizarding superiority. Maybe there was a sliver of promise for Draco yet. As they emerged at the top of the tower, the whole city was laid out before them. The sun had set while they were climbing at each twinkling light across the expanse seemed like a candle in the dark. Draco stood silent and contemplative, the soft spotlights used to light up the tower illuminating every angle of his haughty exterior. Gazing at the view, Harry realised he had never seen anything so beautiful in his life. They moved towards the parapet and leaned through the gaps so as to see the ground. "We are so high up! I think this tower is even higher than the Astronomy Tower in Hogwarts don't you?" "It is, by about a half. Scared Malfoy?" "You wish!" They shared a snigged before going back to scrutinising the ground beneath them. Dozens of people were milling about, entering and exiting the Cathedral. Harry wondered how many of them truly understood the wonder of the building they were using – it was astonishing even to one as accustomed to magic as he was. "Potter…" "Yeah?" Draco shifted an imperceptible amount towards Harry. "A Malfoy never says thank you for something as ridiculous as a day out in Muggle Liverpool, but if such a thing was deserved, I would say it now." "That is the most convoluted thank you I have ever heard Malfoy." "It was no such thing Potter, and don't you forget it." "You're welcome… Draco," Harry moved a little closer to him, their breath pluming in clouds in the chilly air. "So… Harry, (a brief look of speculative doubt crossed Draco's face), do you think you managed to get everything you wanted for Christmas today?" "Not quite, I don't think." Harry closed the remaining inches between them, moving his arms to Draco's sides and holding him close. His lips gently brushed Draco's and he felt a spark of warmth in his chest. Yes , he thought, that is so completely right. Draco hesitated slightly before leaning forward and pressing back into the kiss, his lips finally moving against Harry's. Sparks went off in Harry's brain and eyes and he thought that someone must have set up some Weasley fireworks close by. With renewed confidence, Harry kissed hungrily, wanting to taste everything Draco had to offer in case this was a one-time thing – he wanted to etch it into his memory to revisit on his bleakest days. With the way that Draco's face had lit up with the spotlights and the scent of his skin, so soft, Harry felt pretty certain that he had obtained a new memory for use in defence against any Dementors in the vicinity. It was glorious and sweet, soft and sexy , kissing Draco was nothing like kissing Cho or Ginny had been – this was wonderful, a completion of his very being. How was that even possible ? He wondered. He supposed that the previous seven years had been nothing but foreplay. Breaking apart, they eyed each other warily. Harry knew that there would be very little point in him ever kissing anyone else again (who could compare to that?), but he had no idea what the other was thinking. "Umm, that was nice?" Harry stated questioningly. Nice didn't really cover it he thought, but he was trying to hedge his bets. "Nice? That was, without doubt, the best thing that will ever happen to you Potter. To be kissed by a Malfoy is the highest honour. Be sure you treat it as such." "Will I be treated to a repeat of such an honour?" He was so pathetically hopeful that he could barely stand himself right then. "Hmm, we shall see Potter. You do show a sliver of promise after all. I'm not easy though, you'd best treat me to dinner first." "Shall we?" Harry held out his arm for Draco to take, and led him to the stairway. On the way back down the endlessly windy stairs, Harry pondered the day. He wondered at what he would have wanted for Christmas and in turn, what he wanted for a partner. He decided he wanted someone who completed him, who challenged him and saw him for who he was, not The Boy Who Lived. He wanted someone who could make him laugh, but who needed him as well. Someone who needed him to heal, and someone to heal him in return. With a smile, he decided that he wanted Draco Malfoy. Of course it was Malfoy. It was always Malfoy.