Christmas assignments we'll probably just work on for a bit to get them out of the way" Scorpius replied. Albus balked at the idea of doing homework early, but he was thankful for the normalcy and innocence of his friend's reply. He swallowed the mouthful of pudding and realized he was quite done with dinner. He snuck a glance at the two of them again, and clear his throat when he mentally prepared himself. "Thank you for the food Mr. Malfoy, it was all delicious." Albus stated. Draco looked at Albus for a moment longer than necessary. "I am glad you enjoyed all of it, it certainly seemed like you found room to try everything. I'll have to let the house elves they need to cook a little extra for the next week." Draco said with a small smirk. Albus blushed, and apologized before Draco waved them off and bid his son goodnight. On the way up to the room Albus felt like he was walking to his own crypt. Albus decided before he even reached the top of the staircase that he would have to try to face this ridiculous embarrassment head on. When they got upstairs and started pulling some of their books out of their cases Albus decided to dive right into some exposure therapy for himself. "Scorpius, what do you like about Rose?" Albus asked briskly. Scorpius paused and laughed. "Well that's sudden, I guess she has nice skin, and she's smart, and she's like that cat that doesn't want to let you pet it that hangs out around Hogsmeade. The more she says no the more you want her to say yes, that sort of thing. Who knows, maybe I just enjoy the challenge, like it's the Malfoy in me or something." Scorpius said with an amused smile on his face. Albus listened while he was talking all the while getting a pit in his stomach. He didn't like his friend talking about his cousin like she was some sort of challenge, and at the same time he didn't like her being the focus of his friend's attention. It must've shown on his face because Scorpius was staring at Albus intently. "Albus, do you not like me asking Rose out?" Scorpius asked clearly. Leave it to Scorpius to figure him out before he had the chance to process everything. "It's not that, I guess, I think maybe I don't like you thinking of her as some sort of a gold star, she's a pretty mediocre cousin too, I'm not really sure what I think about it…" Albus replied half heartedly, already regretting asking because his friend is so smart. "It sounds like you're jealous, I mean she's your cousins so obviously it's not like you like Rose, but Albus, I'm sure there's somebody out there we could find" Scorpius said helpfully. Albus groaned, this is not what he wanted. He did not want the conversation to turn back on him. He was mortified his friend even said the word jealous. Although, when he said it he realized that he really isn't jealous of his friend, he's jealous of Rose. He realized he definitely wants to be the main thing to keep Scorpius's attention. He paused, and blushed at he had just thought of. Is that normal, for him to have those thoughts about a friend. "I don't think I'm jealous, I was just wondering, since she's just not that great and all and I figure you deserve somebody awesome" Albus ground out. It was Scorpius's turn to look a little embarrassed. He shifted and went to his wardrobe and pulled out his pajamas. Albus watched him walk over and then quickly shifted his eyes when he realized he was changing. "Albus, that means a lot to me that you would think I deserve somebody good. So many people probably think I'm still the scum of the wizarding world, but you're always thinking I'm nice. It still takes me by surprise" Scorpius said around the sleeve of top. Albus stood up an grabbed his pajamas too. He thought about how he wished he had never asked in the first place. He was slowly coming to the conclusion this isn't normal, whatever 'this' was. As he slid into the bed alongside his friend, he was contented to fall asleep after such a mentally exhausting day full of embarrassing moments. When his friend rolled over and asked another question. "Albus, are you worried if I date somebody you'll be alone?" Scorpius said softly a few inches away from Albus. Albus was grateful for the darkness because the breath of his friend near his ear made his whole face turn red. Struggling for a reply he had to think of something. He realized it was pretty much true though, and he didn't want to lie to his friend. "Yeah, maybe that's it." Albus said to the dark. He felt a hand reach for his arm and lightly squeeze in the dark through his flannel top. "Well, at least that's something I can assure you you have nothing to worry about, I'll always be with you because you're my one and only best friend and the first person who ever cared about me instead of instantly judging me" Scorpius said with a yawn. Albus felt warmth spread across his body. The touch was more intimate than a hug and maybe because they were in a bed seemed more personal. Scorpius pulled his hand away and said goodnight, leaving Albus to battle with his thoughts. He realized what was wrong and it terrified him. He realized what he wanted was said in Scorpius's words. He wanted Scorpius by his side for the rest of his life, but not as he friend. He felt the lingering warmth on his arm and the faint smell of something so Scorpius like the pages of books on the pillow beneath his head, and realized he's in love. He was in love with his best friend.