in a quick, excited tone, "Andy! Did you know that I've been practicing my Quidditch all summer long? Dad says I've broken about five toy brooms but he said I should be ready for Madame Hooch any time now! He said I should be the best in my class!" Andromeda laughed, "I don't doubt that at all, Sirius, you're a natural." Then Regulus started, "I've been practicing too! Mum won't let me practice after dark like Sirius but I've still been trying!" Sirius turned to his brother, "Well you do know that I'm two years older than you, Regulus. Don't expect to be as good as me just yet." "With that big of a head, Sirius, it's a wonder you don't fall off your broom!" Andromeda said as she playfully poked Sirius in the stomach. He and his brother both laughed. Andromeda loved both of them like her own brothers, and wished they were. Orion Black walked over swiftly and interrupted the exchange, patting Sirius' head a little too firmly to be playful. Sirius silenced immediately, and Andromeda could see a slight cringe that he tried to cover up. "Yes, we've been watching his ego burst over the last few months. I suppose it's the best. Both of my sons are honorable pureblood men, and should know how valuable they are before I let them loose into that mudblood play pen they call a school." Andromeda looked up at her Uncle, trying to hide the resentment in her eyes. She stood up and smiled, unsure of what to say. Walburga joined her husband and put a warm hand on his shoulder. "We aren't quite sure how you and your sisters have managed it!" she said with a shrill voice. Andromeda kept her smile, "Managed what exactly?" Her Aunt let out a deafening laugh, "Well managed the school, of course! I mean learning in the same room as muggleborns! We thought that Albus Dumbledore would at least put them in one classroom and let them learn at a slower pace while our children were in a much more advanced curriculum. It's just not fair to hold everyone back, is it Druella?" Andromeda's mother put on a saddened expression, "It truly isn't, my dear sister. It is a shame, to see children like ours having to mingle with muggles. I mean, look at my girls. Bella and Andy are both at the top of their class, well above any mudblood I dare say. Does that seem like a coincidence to you? My girls need a more challenging curriculum! They are being held back by the mutts they go to school with." And with that, her mother and father ushered Aunt Walburga and Uncle Orion into the grand dining room, all the while continuing their social commentary. Bellatrix looked down at her cousins, her nostrils slightly flared, "Have you two stopped eating your boogies? And wetting the bed?" She crouched down to little Regulus, "You do know that if you wet the bed at Hogwarts, that Professor Slughorn won't even hesitate to throw you to the giant squid in the lake. He'll just open the dungeon window and toss you right into its mouth!" Regulus looked at her, tears welling up in his eyes. Andromeda interrupted, "That's not true, Regulus, don't worry. Professor Slughorn is a great head of house, I promise. He loves our family." Regulus attempted to blink away his tears, "Even if I wet the bed by accident?" "Yes, even if you wet the bed. He's a very understanding man," she said as she smoothed out Regulus' curls. Bellatrix turned to her sister, "Why do you have to ruin all of the fun, Andy?" "I'm sorry, but I don't necessarily call making an 8 year-old cry 'fun.'" Narcissa interrupted, "Come on, Bella, let's go make sure the house elves have finished making the first course." Bellatrix snorted at Andromeda before turning and walking away towards the kitchens. Sirius, Regulus and Andromeda were left alone in the entrance way. Sirius looked up at Andromeda just as his two other cousins had walked away, "There's not really a giant squid is there?" Andromeda looked down at Sirius, "Well, yes, that part is true." She saw the fear that had just erupted from Sirius' eyes, and attempted to correct herself, "But I heard he's very friendly! One of my friends swore that he went swimming in the lake and the giant squid never even bothered him." She looked at both of them, seeing their newly found apprehension, and continued, "Both of you need to realize that no matter what anyone says, Hogwarts is an amazing place. Don't listen to anyone that tells you differently, do you understand?" They both nodded. "Good, that's good. Nothing Bellatrix says is true anyways. I'd rather you trust the giant squid than her." They both laughed at this, which made Andromeda relax. The last thing she wanted was for Bellatrix to make her two favorite cousins afraid of Hogwarts. Regulus' stomach growled loudly, which made Sirius laugh even more. "Sounds like he's got a giant squid in there, Andy!" "Oh no I would definitely say that sounds more like a family of trolls." Sirius suddenly stopped laughing, "Wait, they don't have trolls at Hogwarts, do they?" Andromeda chuckled. "No, you thickhead! There hasn't been a troll at Hogwarts in forever! And I doubt there will be any time soon." Regulus smiled. "No, there will be a troll coming in this year! And his name is Sirius Black!" All three of them laughed at this. Andromeda suddenly realized that she could replace both of her sisters with these two boys and be perfectly happy for the rest of her life. She never laughs unless it is in private in response to a joke her father made in a whisper. This is what family is supposed to be, she thought to herself. And with that she took Regulus' outstretched hand and led both of her cousins to the dining room.