out. "It's jinxed!" one of them yelled out. But some of them still hadn't noticed, and were still transfiguring the furniture into greens and silvers, adding Slytherin logos as they went. "We're – we're turning red!" another one shouted out. And Draco could see it all; the red crept up through their skin and travelled down their arms and legs, even seeping into their nails and teeth. "They've put up some sort of anti-jinx barrier!" Pansy shrieked. People began to shriek unhappily, trying to rid the red off them, but it was no use. The fiery red spread across everyone's bodies from head to toe, leaving nothing uncovered. Draco watched as Goyle jabbed himself frustratedly with his wand, trying all sorts of counter-jinxes to remove the red. Pansy ran over to the mirror, and shrieked as she saw her new hair colour, trying to somehow wipe it off with her hands. People were panicking, frantically trying to undo what had been done. But nothing seemed to work. Draco glanced over to Potter again, who had seemed to be finished in casting jinxes, and was watching the scene unfold before him with his arms crossed and a satisfied smirk. The boy then turned to face Draco, giving him a wink. He raised an eyebrow at the smug Potter, but otherwise made no move. Why did it annoy him so much that the boy had actually done something clever? Why did it bug him to no end, that Potter had taken a completely non-violent approach to their attack, but had still gotten them back just as good as anything else could have? Draco felt it would do him no good to be the only one left uncovered with red, so he tapped his wand at the rug underneath him and let the red magic seep over his body, all without breaking eye-contact with the boy. The next morning Draco sat in the Great Hall with a very red Pansy, Crabbe and Goyle, playing a game of exploding snap. The red still hadn't worn off – much to Slytherins disgust and Gryffindor's amusement. Draco heard the great door swing open, and smirked as he saw Potter enter by himself. His smirk slowly changed into confusion however, when he saw Potter shiftily idle towards where they all sat. He eventually stopped in front of Draco, seeming slightly unsure of what he should say. Without really looking him in the eye, he spoke. "Hey… Malfoy. Can I talk to you for a second?" Harry asked quietly. He wondered whether he still had time to run. But Gryffindors don't run. The Slytherins looked up in surprise and looked irritated but slightly intrigued all the same. Draco raised an eyebrow and leaned back lazily in his chair, resting his hands behind his head as if he didn't care what he had to say. "Whatever you want to say, you can just say it here," he drawled. Potter cocked his head to one side arrogantly in response. "You sure? It's about that thing you accidentally told me yesterday. You know, when you let down your gu–" Draco leaped out of his chair, grabbed Potter by the arm tightly and forcefully dragged him outside. Potter smirked, knowing he had won that one. "So what is it, then?" They both stood awkwardly and somewhat suspiciously under the bell tower, eyeing each other and their surroundings tensely. The coast was clear but Harry wasn't sure what his friends would think if they saw him having a chat with the son of a death eater in the middle of a war against them. He looked around once more nervously, and fumbled anxiously with his cloak. He hadn't been sure whether he should do this or not, but the more he thought about it, the more it seemed it was only right. He was after all, a proud and fair Gryffindor. "Well… I don't want to be in your debt. With you letting slip your plan and all. So this is payment for you warning me about the attack on our common room." Draco raised an eyebrow but said nothing. "So uh, about my hint," Harry continued. "You've just got to figure it out, okay?" "Spit it out Potter". "Uh yeah, okay". Malfoy eyed him distrustfully. But Harry took a deep breath and continued. "What grows when it eats, but dies when it drinks? It's your common room next." So this was kind of warning? To pay back his debt? Because he had accidentally let something slip, which had ultimately helped Potter? So now he's giving me a clue in return. That idiot. Draco repeated back Harry's words slowly. "So yeah, that's it I guess," Potter said quickly. "We're even now." Draco smirked. Idiot Potter and his Gryffindor pride. "Don't you realise you're just plain helping me? What would the Gryffin-dorks say if they knew?" "Like I said, I owed you one. I don't even want to imagine how they would have reacted if they had woken up to the room full of green." "Did you tell them, though?" "I told them what I had done to counter it. But I didn't mention that it was because of you that I knew to be prepared." Draco nodded. "Good. Keep it that way." "I will." He paused. "It feels weird bargaining with a Death Eater." "And it feels weird talking to a Gryffindor normally for more than two minutes. Get out of my sight." "Agreed." And he turned around and half-walked, half-ran back inside the castle, not looking back. Draco spent the rest of that day repeating Potter's words over and over again in his head. What grows when it eats, but dies when it drinks? Potter should have given him a harder riddle than that. Draco chuckled, causing Pansy to eye him suspiciously. Well, he could play this game. End ch 1 How did you like it? Please please write a review I would love to know your thoughts! Thanks :) - hotfalse