see them glistening. "Want to find out?" she asks. I'm surprised by this Granger; she's more daring than I thought she ever could be. I let go of myself. "Really?" I ask, looking right into her eyes. "Go ahead," she says, moving closer. I have no idea what to do, and I just try to copy what she did. There's no space between us now when I settle my hand between her legs. She's warm, and I can feel her wetness on my palm. I move a finger and run it along her middle, staring straight into her eyes the entire time, just in case she changes her mind. She moves her hand down to my wrist to guide me. "Like this," she says, guiding two of my finger in between her hot, slick folds. My cock twitches. She stops guiding me and lets out an audible hiss when my fingers graze her bud at her front. "Rub there. In circles, just like I was doing." I gently began to rub her little nub. "Like this?" I ask. "Yes, just like that." she gasps. "You're wet now." I comment; completely enthralled by this girl in front of me. My cock was starting to throb from lack of attention. I ask her now; in the moment. "Do you want to know what I feel like?" My voice cracks a little when I ask. Hermione is beginning to move against my hand, and I almost forget that I have asked her a question. "Yes," she says to me. It seems to be the only word she is able to get out right now. Hermione Granger; at a loss for words, who would have thought… She leans over a bit more and brings her hand down to my cock. "Just move your hand up and down, like I was doing before." I instruct her. She begins to slide her hand up and down, and I can't hold back my moans any longer. I let her hear them freely, so that she knows she is doing a good job. I resume the circular motion against her nub, occasionally sliding a finger up inside of her. Her moans soon fill the room with mine. They sound beautiful together, I think. "Rub faster." she instructs, suddenly letting go of my cock. I do as she instructs, and she suddenly grips my shoulders and begins to dramatically buck into my hand. With each hard thrust she makes against my hand my fingers slide further into her, and my thumb grazes her little bundle of nerves. My hand is soaked now, and her breathing is becoming heavier and heavier. "I'm going to cum, Malfoy." She gasps, her breath hitching. I've been so busy watching the the movement of her hips over my hand, but the sound of her voice makes look up it her face. She is completely lost in ecstasy: not anything like the Granger I know. Her eyes are closed, and her jaw is clenched, and the most wonderful sounds are falling from her lips. Her hands grasp tightly to my shoulders, and I can feel her nails through my shirt. I keep swirling my fingers as she rides my hand. Her whole body tenses suddenly, and her mouth falls open, bringing with it a moan that is at least three octaves higher than her usual speaking voice. I can feel her pussy spasming around my fingers. "Malfoy… oh, god... Malfoy," She gasps expertly. I like to think that maybe she'd said that name before when pleasuring herself. She falls forward, and her cheek rests against the top of my head. Gradually, her breathing slows and she moves away and I take my hand out from between her thighs. "Sorry," she says upon seeing how covered in her juices my hand is. She looks away, embarrassed. "Don't be. That was…" she looked into my eyes "Amazing." I finish. She smiles. "Can I do it for you?" she asks. I nod eagerly, but first take my hand and wipe her all over my cock. She doesn't look disgusted, or anything; so I take that as a good sign. She puts her hand back down between her legs to wet it before gripping my shaft. She begins to move her hand up and down my shaft again, and it feels much better now that it has been coated in her juices. "A little faster," I tell her, and begin moving myself. We establish a rhythm almost immediately, and I know that I am not going to last very much longer. "Fuck that's sexy," says Granger. She looks at me; eyes wide with shock, since she can't believe she just said that. I'm surprised, but I'm feeling too much pleasure to show it. My moans are beginning to get louder, and she is gasping as well. "I'm gonna cum," I moan out, and she continues to pump away, a determined look settling in her eyes. I cover her hands with mine and guide her, and I begin to feel my orgasm build in my stomach. I cry out, keeping my hands over hers as I spasm and burst; the liquid running down my hand and through my fingers. I lean back against a desk, and let my breathing slow down. Hermione settles down next to me. I can't believe we had just done that. Or maybe we hadn't, and this was just a really good dream. We talk little as we clean ourselves up, and dress. "Well, good night." she says to me before leaving classroom, her bag slung over one shoulder. "Night, Granger." I said back to her. On my way back to the dungeons and passed Peeves. I was suddenly very glad he hadn't happened upon the classroom that Granger and I had been in. I wasn't really sure what had happened yet tonight, but I knew that things would never quite be the same between me and Granger. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Let me know what you think! -FLCJ