her, she refused. The magic was unstable and it could always happen a slight displacement so that she would arrive one or two days later. It wasn't necessary that they waited for her. She promised them that she would find them immediately, hugged them again and went away quickly. Crying again wouldn't help them in this situation. „Okay." Hermione whispered to herself. „Place: Check. Bag: Check" As she didn't have her belongings back in 1968 – hell, she didn't even existed at that time – she charmed a small bag of hers to have infinite space. It was convenient, she could take all her closet, books and other needed stuff with her. She went through a list she made in her head an decided that she took everything important with her. Then, she remembered what Dumbledore had further explained to her. „The other thing is, that you have to have to, when you decide to come back, be back at the exact second in the exact same spot were you emerged from. And – he paused for a moment – it has to be exactly a year after you got off from your regular timeline. It doesn't matter if its one or ten years, but it isn't possible to return before a whole year has passed. Hermione has gulped at that. A whole year. But it didn't change anything. Apparently, my former self had insisted on her being sent back. So the time probably didn't matter at that point. She tried to convince herself from not stepping back in the last second. Now, she was almost ready. Only one thing had to be done. „The way you go back in time", Dumbledore explained „is basically the same as it was before this object was enhanced. Only it works with years instead of hours. So, for your purpose, you would turn it around-.." „–29 Times" Hermione said, as she stood in front of the large desk, the now empty cage of Fawkes, to let her view gaze over the office for a temporary last time. At least this office. With this, and a last, sharp breath, she began to turn the hourglass of the time-tuner. „1…" she whispered. „Miss Granger" Dumbledore added, as they had gone through the formalities and organization of her soon-or-earlier adventure. „All that's left for me is to pronounce my utmost respect to you and the courage you're showing. Their wouldn't be much people to sacrifice that much. Even if it doesn't seem difficult on the first sight, it will change you,…" „8…" she said, now in a normal voice. „…change your perspectives on many things. You, I am certain, won't return as the person I see right now. But, bright witch that you are, you probably already knew that." Hermione nodded. Of course. In the last three days, she had gone through it in her head over and over. Shifted the angle again and thought it over again. It wasn't her to just accept things as they were, she had to tear the situation apart in her mind and put the pieces together, until it made sense. She tried until she got a headache, without any promising results. „15." She now said sharply, breath turning heavy. After two days of more thinking and less sleeping than she even did during exam-periods, she awoke relatively calm on the third day, one emotion overflowing the others. Curiosity. She had finally realized it wouldn't help her to think it over another time – as the main problem was her lack of Information and uncertainty of what would happen. Still, the evidence scared her almost enough to deny it. But she felt that she would repent it for the rest of her life if she didn't take on that option. She would be the first witch known to visit a timeline that far away, gaining never before seen information. The lone thought of this excited her almost to no end. Also, she had to admit, she was kind of curious how she would do without Harry and Ron. She loved them both to no end, and as she certainly never had the jealousy Ron often showed when Harry once again was in the center of attention – hell, she was happy most of the time it didn't extend to her that much – she was eager to prove her value to herself. As long as she could remember, she had to prove herself more than others. Because she was considered smart, because she was a muggleborn, because she was a woman. Either jealousy or her seemingly lower blood status or whatever reason, she always felt as needing to work twice as hard. It wasn't for gaining attention, but she was almost eager to show her value in a mission she was to handle alone. „22..!" Her voice was now shrill, being a little to loud for comfort. „Yes Professor. I have thought it through and I am ready." She simply said, as there was either to much or nothing more to say, as she felt at that moment." Dumbledore smiled brightly. „A courageous witch indeed" he murmured. „Well, Miss Granger. The last thing is to wish you a pleasant journey." „29!" She almost screamed, as she turned the hourglass a final time. The last thing she saw was the image of Dumbledore, as her mind projected him on the now empty chair behind the large table, smiling at her ever so gently, as her vision vanished in a blur of colors. So, that's it for today. I hope you like it, leave a review if you want to let me know :) I have quite a few chapters almost finished, I intend to update weekly, so we should be good about that for a few months. Funfact: The Conversation between the golden trio I started with a"*" was part of the original sixth Harry Potter-Book, since I intend to be serious about the kanon-part :D So, see you next week!