"Am i-I gonna g-get in tr-t-trouble?" I sat next to him and smiled reassuringly. "No. You're not. So tell me, how did you get lost?" I looked at the house he was placed in, and smiled a bit. "I was following this guy, but I guess I got caught up in observing the castle that I lost track of him. Then it got really d-dark." He started crying again. I had to fight the urge to roll my eyes. "Here." I pulled out my wand. " Lumos " The tip of my wand lit up, casting a bright light over the two of us. He looked at me in awe. "H-how?" I shrugged. "It's a simple spell. Take out your wand." He did so. "Now, the incantation is Lumos . When you say it flick your wand up and down very sharply. K?" The boy nodded, but paused. "By the way, my name is Jonathan Green." I nodded with a smile. "Ok, and I'm Luvia Bloodmire." "Here I go." The boy tried to do the spell. It took him about six tries but he eventually got it. Soon there were two wand tips lit. "To turn it off flick it again but say Nox, instead. You got it faster than I expected. It's a third year level spell." The boy grinned. I stood up and offered him a hand. "Come on, we better get back to the common rooms. We're already out pass curfew, and if we get caught by a prefect we'll be in trouble." Jonathan smiled and stood up. "Thanks again, Luvia." "No problem. Just try not to get lost again." "That would be a problem wouldn't it." Jonathan and I jumped at the unexpected voice. "Riddle…What are you doing here?" I forced out. My throat was completely dry. Crap this was just perfect! It was not on my agenda to get detention on my first day back! Perhaps it was the influence of Aggie talking about him earlier but I could help but give him a once over. Before I never took the time to just look at him, but now I see why those other girls swoon over Tom. His face looked like the smoothest marble, and he was slightly pale. He was tall, with broad shoulders. His black hair fell around his face in an elegant way, something that most people, if any, couldn't pull off. With the way the light in the hall hit him made him simply breathtaking. His cold ice blue eyes that always seemed to calculate his next move, were now studying us. "You do realize it is after hours." I nodded. "Then please enlighten me, as to why you are not in your dorm." I scoffed. "I don't think I have to explain myself to you, Riddle." "As a matter of fact you do. If you hadn't noticed I'm a prefect." I looked on his robes and saw a green badge with a snake on it and the letter 'P' right in the middle. I cursed. "Now, explain yourself." The tone of his voice left no room for debate. I glared at him. "Fine. I was on my way to the Great Hall to get a book I left, and on my way I found this first year all alone. What do you have to say to that Mr. Prefect?" It was silent for a while. Tom observed me with frosty eyes. I couldn't restrain a shudder. It was like he was staring right through me, and it was a little creepy. Tom raised an eyebrow at this but said nothing. "Well, Ms. Bloodmire-" I was surprised that he knew my name. "I recommend you accompany me back to the common." He turned sharply and started walking. I stared in shock at his back. Who the hell did he think he was? They way he speaks, it's as if he's superior to everyone. Just what was this guy on. "Lu, we should go or we're gonna get left behind." I blinked coming out of my thoughts, and nodded. "Y-yeah..you're right Jonny." Guess retrieving my book from would have to wait until tomorrow. Hopefully it would still be there. Jonny and I walked back to the common room entrance. It was an encircling green entrance with two silver snakes forming an 'X' over it. We saw Tom waiting with an impatient look on his face. "The password is Salazar." He said when we reached him. The snakes retracted enough for the door to swing open. The Slytherin common room is a low-ceilinged, dungeon-like room with greenish lamps and chairs, with skulls all around. There was a fireplace that had green fire in it and three sofas surrounded the fireplace in a semi-circle. It is located under the lake. Despite that it was still pretty cozy in here. We walked in, and Tom immediately left our company. I huffed. "Pretentious jerk." I then remembered the boy. "Oh, yeah the boy's dorms are to the left. Your stuff has already been brought to your room, and make sure not to tell anyone else, who's not in Slytherin, the password." He grinned at me and nodded. "Thanks, again Lu." "No problem, Jonny." He ran up the stairs, and I rolled my eyes. "Great now I have a first year, whose more than likely gonna sick to me like glue." I dragged myself up the stairway. "I guess beggars can't be choosers." I opened the door to my dorm and saw three beds. Wait three? Why three, usually they only room two people together. At least for Slytherins. I shrugged. My other two roommates weren't here, not like I cared either way. I walked over to the bed that had my stuff on it, and took out some sleep ware for tonight. I changed before slipping into bed, letting sleep claim me. Lumos - Creates a narrow beam of light that shines from the wand's tip, like a torch. Nox - Counters the Lumos charm