escaped. ''You go through that Hall every single day ?'' She stared with her mouth half open, as Harry nodded and wrinkled his nose. ''But, Harry! How can you even manage? I'm exhausted and nobody even spoke to me!'' The wizard shrugged and reached for a bunch of files which where carefully piled up on top of a large, wooden wardrobe. Hermione took these moments to take the place in. The office was large and spacious. A great deal of light managed its way into the room, through a window which was grand both in width and height, making the place seem even bigger and brighter than it could ever appear to be. The walls were covered in dark wood, which matched the window frames, and the entire surface of a wide desk sitting in the middle of the room, currently covered with papers piled haphazardly over what seemed like Harry's belongings. Before her, a couple of comfortable looking armchairs sat facing the desk, and behind it sat another which was slightly larger in size but looked twice as comfortable as the others. She looked around, her eyes following the shelves of a wide library which covered the entire wall to her left, and she hold back the impulse to inspect every single volume in it. ''… now, that night it was sort of foggy so nobody could actually tell if it was Disapparition smoke or if it was really just fog… Hermione? Are you listening to me?'' '' Of course I am!'' She exclaimed; Harry opened his mouth to protest but she lifted a single finger, silencing him, and walking towards the library. As she slid her index finger over the titles of a long row of books, she spoke. ''The first attack was on February 27th. The result was one gravely injured wizard and two slightly dazed muggles. The second was 13th March. It was in the north, in a small village an hour away from York. Six muggles were severely harmed that night.'' She paused, her finger tracing the title of a particularly thick and rusty looking volume, which she then took out and opened carefully. ''And now you're talking of last week's attack. March 28th, was it?'' Harry stood very still, his mouth slightly open, as he watched the woman close shut the book and put it back its place. ''Well, I mean… I detailed it a little more than that, but yes.'' ''Harry, it's foggy in the whole of England at this time of the year.'' ''Fine, okay. So maybe the fog wasn't relevant. But something we found was.'' This caught Hermione's attention. She looked up from the case files she had grabbed from the desk, searching for anything that could resemble a pattern. ''What was it?'' ''A pocket watch.'' He answered. When he noticed Hermione's puzzled expression, he continued. ''An old one, made of Goblin silver. Pureblood heritage, probably. It reeked of dark magic, so it's currently under investigation.'' Hermione remained silent, arms crossed over her chest as she listened to him intently. When he was done, she took a few minutes of thinking before she spoke. ''Was there a certain hour set on it?'' ''No, it was merely a moon watch. It was set on the full moon, but that was two days ago and there were no signs of activity.'' ''I have to do some research, but Harry, this is what I've gathered so far.'' Hermione paced around the room and continued. '' There was a half moon the night of every single attack. It can't be a coincidence. Also, if I'm my calculations are right…'' Harry laughed internally. Hermione being wrong in her theories was as likely as him becoming a Death Eater. ''They're following a lunar schedule. It was 3rd Quarter on the first attack; 1st Quarter on the second, then 3rd Quarter again on the third… It's highly likely that the next will be on a 1st Quarter.'' Harry nodded, as he scribbled on a note pad he'd been holding since Hermione had started to speak. ''That's in five days time.'' It didn't seem like Harry was speaking to anybody in particular, he leant his chin on his knuckles as he took seat on the desk. Hermione couldn't help feeling slightly intimidated by the scene; she tended to forget all about his position when they were talking normally. ''Harry.'' He looked up as she spoke. ''I want in on the case. This seems like a big deal, and I think it might help you having someone like me on the team.'' She blushed lightly, despite her words, and walked over to his desk. ''I'm signing up for Auror tryouts first thing tomorrow.'' ''What? No!'' He exclaimed ''I mean, of course I'd love you to'' he added, as Hermione's eyes narrowed dangerously. ''…but I know you're running for Head of the Department of Magical Creatures. I can't let you drop that and just attend to my troubles!'' ''Your troubles, as it seems, are everyone's troubles, Harry. I'm sorry, but you're not getting rid of me that easily. I know you're the boss and all that, but I feel as if what this case is missing is some insight and bossing around. And Merlin, I can give you that! So that's that. I'm in.'' She smiled proudly, and crossed her arms over her chest. Harry jumped out of his seat and walked towards her. Before Hermione could realize, she was stuck in a suffocating hug, unable to move, surrounded by the wizard's arms. ''Harry…'' she managed to blurt out '' …you're crushing me.'' ''Oh! Merlin; sorry 'Mione! I got a little sentimental there.'' Right! So there's that! That was the first chapter. You might think it's a bit slow, but don't worry, it'll get fast paced in no time. Anyways! I hope you liked it, and I hope you review and tell me how much you did. Thank you for reading my rambling too, by the way. Till next time! Hornedserpent16