them', it feels like hanging from the loose line. It took him the bell ringing to help him realize that classes were about to start. He shook his head a little to get rid of such uneasy feelings and followed suit to the boys' dormitory. Since everybody would probably still be at the main dinning hall, he had enough time to pick up his things without bumping into anyone in the way out. He rushed for the dormitory for the first years, and once there, he opened the trunk reading ' Maxwell Hephaestus Argento ' to organize his things in there. His hat uniform, which was hard to balance on his unruly brown hair; his quill; ink, some pieces of parchment; his copy of Basic potion making and some ingredients stored in glass bottles wrapped in a piece of leather. "There, I guess this should do it." He laughed a little to himself, picking up his things to wrap them around as neatly as possible. Of course, he couldn't forget his wand, that beautiful piece of simple pine wood with dragon heartstring as core according to Mr. Ollivanders (were dragons really real, even by wizard standards? He'd love to see one!) , reaching around 9 inches. Maxwell hid said wand under his robe, and picked his things to head off to potions class. The brick wall noticed his presence and opened itself for him, much for his delight for such magical effect, and so, he walked away of the common room, only to stop on his track... Flowy blond hair, bright blue eyes, almost shining through the dimly lit corridors of the dungeons. There she was, the girl from before, walking through the path of rock and fire, her feet making a hard, dry sound that would echo across the place. Just like him, she was carrying a small set of items, all neatly arranged on her arms, and right behind her, a small group of other girls was following suit, an olive-skinned brunette standing right next to the blonde, looking around as they were still strange to the environment. Even older students from Slytherin were mesmerized by her standing, opening space for her to walk through. Before he could do anything, she notice him from the corner of her eyes, and they stares met. He flinched, almost dropping his material, blushing until the last string of his hair, and unnoticed by all the other girls, she frowned. Maxwell saw no more of her blue orbs, since he hid behind the pillar of the pathway to his common room, and the only thing he heard was the sound of a door opening, and steps, lots of steps. When they started to die off was the time he dared a glance back, only noticing the closing door which lead to Prof. Slughorn's classroom. He sighed in realization: apparently, he would have that same class with that girl for the rest of the year now. So his concentration to his favorite teacher would drop immensely... "But... Maybe it's also a good opportunity to apologize." He snapped his fingers, a small smile crossing his lips. Huh, maybe there was something good about this now. I mean, of course he wouldn't interrupt class just to talk about their small incident, but at least he had the opportunity to learn her name, and maybe get to talk to her a little to sort things out. I would still be awkward, but it was like that how you get to know new people... Right? It wasn't much, but said resolution actually made him smile a little bit. He took a deep breath, inhale, exhale, and turned around to walk to class. However; with the first step, came down a sting a pain. His right hand twitched, making him drop all of his school stuff, but soon enough the pain subdued, much for his surprise. "Hah? What the...?" He rubbed the affected area in an attempt to find the source of that small ting of discomfort, but strangely enough, it was just that: a quick sting of pain. Still not convinced, the boy lifted the right sleeve of his robes up to the elbow, and in another surprising sight, he saw a small red mark on his arm. It wasn't there before, and he was sure he didn't bump into anything that could possibly made that thing, which consisted in four lines forming something like a deranged 'R' letter. It was also livid red, crimson, yet when he poked it, it didn't hurt at all, it looked more like a scar or a tattoo than a wound. How strange, he was sure that he didn't notice that before... He snapped out from his stupor when he heard marching; and right across the other side of the dungeons, other Slytherin students began to walk towards him! Before the band of students could stomping him or his things, Maxwell picked his material and hid by the opposite side of the common room, which flooded with students entering for themselves pick their own school stuff. Fortunately, they didn't notice him, and so, they passed smoothly through the corridor, going for their own classes. Once the area was clean, Maxwell took another deep breath, and walked towards Prof. Slughorn's classroom, not wanting to lose anything; including his chance to talk with that girl... Unknown to him, Hogwarts has been afflicted by a new threat... Kahahah, so much for an intro, right? I dunno, maybe my style of writing doesn't match the 'come of the age' kind of story that harry potter began as, but I'll try my best to flesh out the characters a little bit, even if the story begins like that. I hope you all enjoyed this small story of mine and hope for the next chapter. I'm hoping. As always, R&R, cuz feedback is always good. Greetings~. P.S.: A small trivia: The names aren't in random. In fact, they're shout-outs. Tell me if you can figure of what!