place. Most of them are projects I experimented with when I was younger. I want you to try out the one you feel most drawn to." Under Ollivander's watchful eyes, Harry focused on the three boxes in front of him. Now that he had a task rather than the frustration and desperation that came with being handed a wand and having it snatched away, Harry stepped out of the rather bleak mood he'd gained after going through so many wands unsuccessfully. His curiosity was piqued. He was a tricky customer, as Ollivander said, so it only seemed right that he would need an equally tricky wand. The boxes on the counter all looked the same, but even through the boxes Harry could feel the wands' magic reaching out in a probing way. To try and get a better feel of it, Harry held a hand up, and moved it over the boxes. The left box felt sort of shadowy and mysterious. Its voice was an intriguing whisper of things unknown. The middle box felt different in a strange way. The magic around it felt solid, yet graceful, but sort of quirky as well. It had a very soft hum that still somehow conveyed a thrum of power. It also had a sort of grasping quality to it, like it wanted to grab him. The box on the right was quiet in a sort of secretive way. He couldn't feel much else from it, like it had put up a guard against him. It was the grasping quality of the magic that emanated from the middle box that caused Harry to reach out and open it. If a wand was supposed to choose its wizard, then it made sense that the wand might be trying to get him to pick it up. Upon opening the box, Harry was greeted with a wand coated with a dark stain that had a slight reddish tint to it as well as a lighter, more honey-colored carving that, upon closer inspection, proved to be the image of a dragon placed slightly above the wand's extra dark and near seamlessly smooth grip. The magic called to him even more strongly with the box open, and Harry suddenly understood that this was his wand. He reached in and picked it up. Delicious warmth spread through him at the contact that settled like a flame in the center of his chest along with a sense of belonging and a sort of snap that he attributed to the wand binding itself to his magical signature. "Well, well, how curious," Ollivander mumbled, then raised his voice, "Larch wood and phoenix feather, eleven inches, supple, stained with dragon's blood." Ollivander chuckled, "One of the works from my experimental days. With it's peculiar nature I wasn't sure if it would ever find a match. You must be in for an interesting life, Mr. Potter." The door opened, setting the bell to jingling, and Remus walked in with two ice creams. "Ah, Mr. Lupin! We think we've found one!" Ollivander said cheerily before turning back to Harry. "Well, now that you've found it, why don't you give it a wave?" This time, Harry didn't feel nervous or uncertain when he waved a wand. This wand, he knew, would do whatever it was that it was supposed to. He gave it a wave, and glittering little dragons came out of the end. A blue one and a brown one went into a dive and skimmed across the floorboards while a red one and a green one shot up high into the air to weave through the rafters. A purple one landed on the counter and let out a roar of vibrant sparks. A white one and a black one spun through the air together at mid-height, racing each other and doing tricks. Harry watched it all in amazement. Ollivander clapped joyfully. Remus stared gape-mouthed. After a few moments, the dragons burst into a cloud of smoky sparkles before fading out of existence. Harry was ecstatic. "Did you see that, Moony? Did you see it!" "I saw it! That was brilliant, Bambi," Remus praised. "Yes, that was quite something," Ollivander agreed. "It will be interesting to see what other quirks this tricky wand has in store for you, my tricky customer. Most wands just shoot off sparks when they accept a wizard." "Then why didn't this one?" Remus asked, eyeing the wand in Harry's hand. "Ah, this one's from my experimental days. It's a bit unique." "I'll write you about anything else different it does, if you want me to," Harry said excitedly. "I would very much appreciate it, Mr. Potter." •••••••• Harry hardly remembered the rest of his trip through the Alley; he was too excited about his wand and distracted by the treacle tart flavored ice cream Remus bought him. Remus tried to encourage him to store his wand safely in the messenger bag he'd gotten for carrying his books to classes, but Harry didn't want to let it leave his person, so Remus took him to buy a leather wand holster before leading him back into the Leaky Cauldron. There, Remus took him to the fireplace and watched with a troubled expression as Harry floo'ed back to Potter Manor with his school supplies in tow. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of The Curator Chronicles ! There's a lot of stuff being set up in this chapter, and I hope I didn't lose anyone in the traditional 'Harry goes to Diagon Alley and gets his stuff' sequence. I also hope I changed Draco's lines enough; it was hard with how simply 'Draco' they are. Anyway, please leave a review! Constructive criticism is welcome, especially on the structure of my story, and you're free to leave as little as a smiley or frowny face if you want. And let me know if there are any spelling, grammar, or formatting errors so I can fix them. Thanks for reading! :) ~ HowlingRain