with some considering the small group fixated on him. Antonin Dolohov was almost the exact opposite of Malfoy. Though he still had the same observing look as Malfoy, he seemed more open to the current chatter around him. He actively participated in banter with the group of girls, and would even laugh - quite loudly - a couple of times. He was a bit taller than Malfoy, topping off at 5'11, and didn't have much hair. It looked like he shaves it regularly. His body was big, and very well built. I wouldn't have been surprised if he played football, or was even trying to be a bodybuilder. It almost looked comical how he looked in the school uniform. Antonin had brown eyes, and his face was large, but fit well with his body. He looked really dependable. The hotshot of the group was the 5'8 heartbreaker - Tom Marvelo Riddle. He sat between Malfpy and Antonin all the way in the back of the class. He smiled and chuckled politely at his admirers, but something about it seemed fake. He kept a social distance between him and his admirers, but was so skilled at both pushing and pulling, the girls never noticed. Tom was really adapt in entertaining the masses. Like Malfoy, Tom's body was lean and muscular, and his broad shoulders looked really nice in the uniform. All three of them had the Slythern logo on their blazers. His face was - I unknowingly swallowed - perfect. There was no trace of scarring or blemishing. Though not as sharp as Malfoy's face, all of his features were clearly defined, but above all was his sculpted jawline. His hair was an ebony black, but his eyes were a piercing dark green. Suddenly his eyes met mine and I froze. Mostly in embarrassment from being caught, but also because I couldn't look away. Tom's eyes turned dark, and his smile was replayed with a smirk. A cold shiver went down my spine. There was something dark and indecent about his look. Not soon enough for me, he looked away and returned to socializing. I released a breath I hadn't realized I was holding. "I don't see the appeal." Lola comment as she observed the group, "He gives me a weird feeling." As if to hit her point home she grabbed her arms with a shudder. "And given who they are associated with, makes you wonder how they are so popular." Trent pondered. "M-maybe...M-maybe they h-have n-nice p-personalities." Mary, always the optimist. Kat clicked her tongue, "Yeah right. More like the three of them have fat pockets!." She slammed a hand on my desk, and hung her head while clenching her other hand into a fist. "If only I had that kind of cash!" "What would you even spend it on?" I asked. "Well firstly I'd get the hell out 'a here!" She proclaimed, "Then I'd finally go to a UFC fight in person! I'll get front row seats! So close I can feel the blood splatter on me!" "Anyway-" Trent quickly ended Kat's soo-to-start rant, "Lunch should be ending soon. We should head back to our seats." On que the bell rang, and the classes resumed. The last two periods, and a final homeroom closed out the day. The five of us gathered our things and filtered out with the rest of the students as everyone headed home. When we got outside we noticed a black car with tinted windows waiting. It was clear form whom it was for. "Must be nice." Was Kat's only comment before we continue our walk. I looked back at the large castle like school. At the school gate the words Hogwarts High were etched. It was a large and prestigious school, but surprisingly not too picky about entrance scores. There was one other thing that made this school so interesting. Before entering you take a personality test, and depending on the score you are placed in a certain House as the school calls it. There are a total of 4: Gryffindor - People who are said to be headstrong, and courageous. Always following their heart, and have an innate prowess for standing for what's right. Hufflepuff - Kind, loyal people, with soft hearts and can empathize with anyone. They are always willing to help others around them, and though may seem weak at first they have hidden strengths. Ravenclaw - People with sharp wit, and even sharper minds. They are driven by their strong wills to obtain knowledge. Slytheren - Cunning individuals driven by the will to succeed in whatever they desire. Well known for visualizing the whole picture, while never losing sight of the small details. Within the school there are tournaments, where sports made up of members from different Houses would compete. It quite popular in the town, and the more popular sports even get T.V coverage. At the end of the year the house with the most points gets the privilege of having their house's symbol displayed in the center of the school yard. At the moment a large hologram of a coin with the Ravenvlaw house symbol rotated proudly. "Raven! Stop standing there like an idiot!" I jumped from Lola's voice. "A-ah right! Coming!" These were the days before my life made a complete 180. If someone had told me that I would soon become the target of affection from Tom Riddle, I would have laughed in their face. Or that I would face many life-or-death situations, I wouldn't even pay it any mind. However, that was before day I was 'claimed' as his. Well it was the first chapter to introduce the atmosphere and characters of the story. I hope it was ok. Though I do apologize for the log winded chapter of nothing but exposition. I'm not very good at writing light banter between my characters and often times I feel like it's pretty shallow. However, I'm hoping that I can flesh the characters more in the future.