he is one of the most skilled wizards of our time, perhaps even the second most powerful. But being a great wizard doesn't make him a great Headmaster. After all, just because a duck can fly doesn't mean it can build a broom." There was a pregnant pause in the conversation during which Draco began to sweat ever so slightly, fearing that his father might be having a change of heart. "But you are going to send me to Hogwarts?" "Yes, yes," Lucius snapped as if he'd just been interrupted. " It has already been decided. Even though you'll be mixing with those with less than pure-blood." "They don't let Muggles into Hogwarts, do they?" Draco's eyes widened with concern as he began to wonder if maybe he should ask his parents not to send him to Hogwarts after all. "Muggles? People who can't do any magic at all? No, even Dumbledore wouldn't go that far. It is a school of witchcraft and wizardry after all, not a daycare centre. But, he does allow the offspring of Muggles – Mudbloods – to attend. All they have to do is demonstrate even a modicum of magical talent." Lucius heaved a weary sigh. "However, despite Dumbledore's frequent, chillingly foolish, administrative decisions, Hogwarts does have a relatively skilled staff of instructors, so you should still be able to receive a suitable magical education. And in any case, since I am on the Board of Governors, I won't have to pay any fees." "Aren't we rich enough to afford school fees?" "Of course we are, but how do you think we got that way?" Lucius rolled his eyes and continued, "So you get to go to Hogwarts after all, and, as you say, stay a little closer to home." Draco flushed but said nothing. A moment later his father flipped the golden envelope onto the desk, and with a jerk of his head indicated that his son could pick it up. Written across the envelope in green ink were the words, "Draco Malfoy in the care of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy." Draco noticed that the envelope had already been opened but he didn't mind. He slid a small card out and read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. Of Wizards) Dear Mr Malfoy, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress As soon as Draco was done reading, Lucius pulled his wand out from a narrow pocket on the inside of his robe. Reaching across the table, he offered the wand to Draco and said simply, "Do something with it." "What?" "Anything, just wave it around. Let us see what happens." Draco took the proffered wand and waved it a few times. Initially nothing happened, but eventually a small stream of red bubbles emerged from the tip. Lucius looked unimpressed as the bubbles floated lazily downward. "Since you are a Malfoy there was never any doubt that you would be a wizard, but simply being one is not enough. Wizarding is a skill that requires a very precise education and a great deal of practice." Lucius leaned closer to his son and spoke more softly. "It is unlikely that you will ever be one the greatest wizards of our time, Draconius. I would be happy to be proven wrong in this assessment, but the truth of the matter is that you seem to have the weakest natural ability of anyone in the family. But that can not be an excuse. I still expect you to study hard and maximize your skills in the magical arts. I want you to become as great a wizard as you can." Draco dropped his head a little. Not wanting to meet his father's eye he watched one of the red bubbles bouncing along the floor and absent-mindedly stepped on it. Draco had received his beginner wand when he was just learning to walk, and had been encouraged to practice magic whenever possible, but he never managed anything particularly amazing. His proudest moment had been causing Dobby to fly into a wall once, but he hadn't ever managed to repeat the trick. His sisters, on the other hand, seemed to be naturally powerful, especially when they were together. Their ability to hurl things around, change colours, and make things appear out of thin air was so strong that the Malfoy parents didn't dare give them wands yet. "During school breaks I will provide you with an education in more practical arts, like the arts of persuasion and politics. Never forget my lessons, Draco. Some children get so excited when they learn their first little magic tricks that they forget about everything else. They spend their lives like simpering morons, amusing themselves making flashy sparklers or red bubbles, with no greater ambition in life than to try to find a new flavour of candy. I don't want you to be one of those people. Malfoys are known for great things. We've always been leaders in the wizarding world. And, as I said, you may never be the greatest wizard, Draco," Lucius looked hard into his son's eyes, "but I still expect you to be great. You have certain skills and abilities; that is simply the way it is. There will always be someone who is a better wizard, a better flyer, a better chess player than you. But that doesn't make them better than a Malfoy. You can rise higher than anyone if you choose to. It is simply a matter of learning to use everything - information, friendship, debt - whatever it takes - to gain a position of influence and control over the rabble. That is what a Malfoy does."