original construct, only this time it kept the colours just like the portrait and retained the life, making Hazel start bouncing in place delightfully as she turned to hug him. "It worked! It worked!" She then released him to bounce about the room as though she had good sense. Rather Hufflepuff of her, and he made certain to inform her of such. "I do not care! It finally worked! I shall be sure to include you in the work, as without you I would not have gotten the potion done in time." Smiling at him, her violet ringed amber eyes shining in pure joy. "Thank you, Severus. Because of this, I shall finally be able to start my summer studies to Apprentice under mio Papa and learn the art of Wizard Portraits." Grasping his face in her hands, she planted a rather sound kiss on both of his sunken cheeks that were radiating heat from her actions before releasing him and dancing about again. Severus, however, was now shifting uncomfortably. Even Lily had not been so free with his person, less lone kissed him on his cheeks, and more than once in a single setting! Though, it seemed the excitable girl finally realized this, halting her celebration and covering her mouth with her hands. "Oh! Forgive me, Severus, I did not mean to over step my bounds. Please, I did not mean any offence, but I am accustomed to theíous mou , my uncles, doing the same when something makes them very happy." Hazel looked stricken, as though she had broken the fragile thread of friendship she was trying to weave between them. "Yes well," Severus started, looking down his rather large hooked nose at her, "so long as you do not turn so easily excitable often, I shall be willing to overlook it... this... once." He drawled, hiding his own happiness at anyone being willing to treat him thus behind his uncaring Slytherin mask he had perfected over the years. But he could not hide the lingering pink tint to his cheeks. A relieved smile curved her own lips as a soft sigh escaped her, making him smirk mentally at how easily that was handled. Maybe loosing Lily wouldn't be so terrible after all, seeing as this Pureblood girl was treating him as an equal, even if it was for his potions expertise. A.N. ~ Hey everyone, Hollowg1rl here, and this is my very first published fanfic. I also do not currently have a Beta. Now before I start getting people yelling at me, this is an AU starting in the Marauders' fifth year at Hogwarts, as I'm sure you have read if you read the first chapter. As such, I am aware that the Ravenclaw Tower entrance is on the west side fifth floor and you go up a staircase to get to the eagle knocker. I broke away from Canon because there is no plausible reason for a Ravenclaw to be two floors away from her Common Room even with her nose stuck inside a book, no matter how interesting. This is going to be (so far) the only major Hogwarts related Canon thing I am going to change. If the entrance was not on the same floor as Gryffindor, then Hazel would never have ran into Snape. That being said, I will try and keep Severus as Canon as possible when dealing with Canon characters that we have seen interactions of them together. If we have not had a Canon interaction, I shall be using my imagination. That does not mean I will not stray into far off AU if it is required for the story. The same will be said for all other Canon characters, I shall try and keep them as in character if possible. Hazel is an OC, but I refuse to turn her into a Mary Sue, she will have flaws and quirks just like everyone else, however that does not mean she is going to be a character you can shove under the carpet and forget, she will have a rather major role in this story, and if I get enough interest, a fairly main role in its sequel . She does speak (as revealed in this chapter) English, Italian, and Greek. It will not be used often, save "mio Papa" which is just "my father" as she is not English fully. That is just how she refers to her father, its a quirk. Now, please forgive me for the very long A.N. but I wanted to clear a few things up now, before going to far into the story. These will not always been nearly an entire page from here on out, but I wanted to cover what I would ask as a reader so things are easier to understand, and if you decide you do not want to read, you are aware before getting overtly invested in this story. I will not be offended if you decide you want nothing to do with this story after this first chapter, and I thank you for taking the time to read what you have. With that said, please, R&R, let me know what you think, if you want me to continue and anything you would like to see in future chapters. I will be bringing in other Canon characters in later chapters, this is just a teaser, if you will. I will also state that this is a WIP, it is not completely written out, though it is completely figured out, and the sequel already in the works idea wise. I just have to write it all out when I have time. I do have a few chapters already pre-written, and will be posting them once a week so long as I have them, and will inform you once I run out of written chapters, at which point I will upload as I have them written. Thanks again, and I hope to see you all again soon! (Chapter pre-note: 3,216 words)