the floor. Draco followed suit, leaving them both in nothing but their boxers. "You're overdressed, love," Harry breathed into Hermione's ear, and she made a small, humming noise of agreement. "Well, that's easily fixed," Draco drawled, running a teasing finger along the cleavage of her dress. "Harry?" He nodded, finding her zipper and sliding it slowly down. The dress slid off her shoulders, pooling at her feet, and Draco was immediately down on his knees to help her step out of it and take off her shoes. Underneath the dress, she was wearing a set of black, lacy lingerie Harry had given her for her last birthday. She looked stunning in it, as she well knew. Stunning and sexy and sinfully gorgeous. Draco seemed to agree with this assessment, judging from the low sound emerging from his throat. He was hard, too, and obviously bothered by his boxers. With an impatient huff, he got rid of them. Harry did the same, glancing over briefly, unable to resist the urge to compare. No need to worry, though. Draco was an impressive size, but then, Harry had never had a reason to be self-conscious either. Draco was still kneeling at Hermione's feet, so the next step seemed obvious. With a quick glance up at her face, he firmly took hold of her thighs and pulled her closer, placing a soft kiss on her through the silky fabric of her panties. Harry's own hands found her breasts again, kneading them softly. Between the two of them, they soon had her writhing and begging, swaying on her feet, only held upright by Harry's firm grip. When Draco pulled down her panties with a final flourish and Harry sneaked a hand between her legs, she was soaking wet. On impulse, he extended his glistening fingers to Draco who eagerly caught them between his lips, tasting her with relish. Harry felt his cock twitch at the sight. "Merlin, Gr-" Draco caught himself just in time. "Hermione. Will you let me…" He reached past her into the drawer of the bedside table, producing a stack of condoms. "Yes. Please." Hermione's fingers tightened on Draco's shoulders. "Is this okay, Harry?" He nodded. "More than okay." Draco quickly rolled on the condom, unfazed by their eyes on him. "How do we do this?" Hermione hesitated for a moment, but then a familiar look of determination appeared on her face. Shrugging off her bra, she climbed on the bed and arranged herself on her hands and knees, wiggling her ass enticingly at them. Draco didn't need to be asked twice. Moving behind her, he placed one hand on her hips and used the other one to guide himself into her. Harry couldn't take his eyes off the scene unfolding on the bed. He hadn't expected this to be such a massive turn-on, watching the woman he loved being taken by another man, but it was immensely exciting. The expression on her face as Draco slowly pushed deeper; the way she arched her back to help him find the perfect angle; the fine sheen of sweat on her skin that made her hair cling to her back…. He was aching with the need to have her, to make love to her, to fuck her. It was an exquisite torture to find himself relegated to mere spectator, and yet he didn't want to miss a second of this. Draco, too, was beautiful: the deep frown of concentration on his face as he held back; the tension in his slim body; and the sheer grace of his movements. A heart-felt sigh of longing escaped Harry's lips, and Hermione's eyes opened, fixing on him with a mischievous gleam. "Come here." He gasped when he realized what she had in mind. Kneeling before her, he buried his hands in her long hair, his head flying back on a long sigh when her lips closed around him. Draco echoed his groan, his hands tightening visibly on Hermione's hips as he slowed down to give her a chance to concentrate on what she was doing to Harry. Harry was beyond words, beyond thoughts even, unable to focus on anything but yes, good, more, don't stop . Hermione's mouth on him felt so amazingly good, hot and moist and perfect , and he couldn't possibly last long like this. When he came, the rush of pleasure was so overwhelming that he actually shouted out loud, his vision going white for a moment. Draco had been watching him avidly, his tongue darting out to lick his lips. When Harry pulled back, he turned his attention back to Hermione, his hips moving faster now as he pounded into her with increased vigour. She moaned and trembled, but Harry knew it wouldn't be enough. Moving behind them, he took one of Draco's hands, breathing a quick kiss on his shoulder blade. "Wait. She needs-" He guided Draco's hand around her body, down between her legs. As soon as their entwined fingers touched her, Hermione cried out, her whole body going taut. It only took a few quick, light strokes to send her over the edge, with Draco immediately following her. It was the hottest thing Harry had ever experienced, both of them coming practically in his arms, both of them going soft and boneless against him. They all tumbled onto the mattress afterwards, sweaty and exhausted. Draco stared up at the ceiling, his face unreadable, while Hermione snuggled into Harry's arms. For a moment, Harry was unsure of what to say or do, but then he decided that this was not the moment to overthink things. "Draco?" When the other man shot him a questioning glance, he reached out to pull him closer. "Thank you. That was..." "Marvellous? Amazing? Mind blowing?" Draco suggested. "Merlin, yes. We should do that again some time." "We definitely should," Hermione agreed. Harry sighed contentedly. For the life of him, he could see no reason to contradict them. Hugs and thanks to my wonderful beta suilven.