Hermione a sympathetic glance and indicating towards the seats Hermione had not noticed in front of the desk. "I would rather have to only explain myself the once. I am expecting others, so I'm afraid I cannot give you answers until they arrive." The Professor then exited the room through a door to the right of the large, golden desk. Hermione was about to start hyperventilating. She didn't understand. She couldn't figure out what was happening. Usually, she had a clue as to what was going on, but this was the first time in a long time she had been so... unknowing. Blindly, she sat down in the nearest leather arm chair and put her head in her hands. Hermione had a lot of thinking to do in a short period of time. She was so lost in thought she missed the fact that there were four chairs placed in front of Professor McGonagall's desk. "Granger, if you're going to throw up; don't." Hermione looked up sharply at the Slytherin sitting in the armchair next to her and found herself surprised; instead of his sitting in his usual non-chalant manner, he looked as uptight about this situation as Hermione felt. Malfoy was leaning forward, with his elbows on his thighs and his hands clasped together. He had also gotten a few shades paler in the few minutes since they had entered the room, making him appear more translucent than ever. He's got just as much to worry about as me, if not more , Hermione thought as she visibly relaxed into her chair at Malfoy's discomfort. She sighed and turned away from him. "I'm not going to throw up," she replied bitterly. There was a pointed silence before Malfoy spoke again. "Good," he said simply. This was then followed by more silence. Hermione sighed again. A few more minutes in silence passed. "I swear, if you sigh like that one more time, Granger, I am going to hex you so bad, you'll be dragged out of here drooling." Malfoy's sudden outburst broke Hermione out of her deep reverie. Heart racing erratically (for what felt like the hundredth time that day), she took a few deep breaths and looked again at Malfoy to find that he was staring blankly at the floor. Even although he had been the one to comment on it, Malfoy was actually the one out of the two of them who looked like they were going to throw up. Her obvious discomfort was making him even more nervous about this 'meeting', Hermione deducted. Was it pity or empathy that made her decided not to comment on it and instead help him? She would likely never know. "I just don't know!" she exclaimed, sighing again. Pretending that she hadn't seen him seemed like the best option for the both of them. "Oh, la-dee-dah, Miss Know-It-All-Granger doesn't know something for the first time in her life. We're all fucking doomed." Hermione snuck another glance at him; he was still staring at the floor, but she could see a smirk forming on his face. Turning away, she began to smile. But she made sure that there was no trace of it in her voice when she spoke again. "You can't be as smart as I thought to not have noticed my besting you in every class. There's reason enough alone for me to trust my brain enough to come up with rational explanations." "I think that bloody title has gotten to your head, Granger." "What?" Hermione asked. She turned to look at him: what bloody title? " The Brightest Witch of Her Age crap." He scoffed at the floor. Hermione stiffened. She didn't know that Remus' term was being used in public or that it was known at all. "I don't need to defend myself to you," she replied curtly. "But in any case, that was promoted by the press and I have in no way encouraged the use of it. Personally, I think it makes me sound like a bloody light bulb." Malfoy finally turned and looked at her. He raised one eyebrow before fully sitting up. "A what?" he said harshly. Hermione stared blankly at him for a moment before bursting into a sudden fit of raucous laughter. Tears were streaming down her face when a familiar voice interrupted her. "Hermione?" the voice said incredulously. Hermione immediately sobered and sat up. She shouldn't have laughed at him, and when she caught his look of disgust as she turned around to look at the new person, it only confirmed her thoughts. "Harry?" she replied in the same tone. Hermione stood up. Harry was standing in the now open doorway, looking confusedly between her and Malfoy. He had caught her laughing with Malfoy, smiling at him, willingly conversing with him. No wonder he looks perplexed , she thought. Hermione was stumped and for the first time in her life, she didn't know what to say. "I don't know about you two, but with Potter here, I'd say this situation just got around ten times shittier." Harry and Hermione both turned to look at Malfoy, who was now also standing; he was right. The three flummoxed teenagers exchanged similar looks of horror before Professor McGonagall re-entered the room through the same door she had exited, except now holding what looked to be tattered rags. The Sorting Hat , Hermione thought excitedly before she started laughing again. This is all so incredulous! The three others in the room all stared at Hermione with the same expression of confusion on their faces. Their golden girl was surely losing her mind. "Professor please tell us what's going on," Harry finally said, eyeing Hermione warily, who was now clutching her side almost bent over double. " Before we come up with insane conclusions of our own." A/N: Gah! There's not much explanation to this one! All I'll tell you now is that it's a biggie. I hope you enjoy and please review! Holly - xo