was being treated like a Mudblood and not an heir to the Blacks. Why can't we retake the name Black? The Lord Black only has to offer it back to us. Do you think Lord Black would offer us our old name back? Daddy is gone now." Dora searching her Mum's eyes for hope. "Yes, Sirius will allow us to have our old name back and return to the House of Black. He is an honorable man just like your daddy was. Even though your daddy is no longer with us." as a tear rolled down Andromeda's cheek. "I'm sorry Mum I know you miss him. I miss him too. Ill be ok. Do you think Lord Black will really offer us our old name back?." Dora looked down at her feet and began to walk away. "He could it's just that he isn't in England now and I don't know where he is." Andromeda stated "You mean we could ask to get our old name back. Yes Darling as I stated before I just don't know where my cousin is or how to contact him." Andromeda stated frowning at her daughter. "Mum if we got back our old name would it help keep the other kids from picking on me?"Dora begged. "Some of them would stop but others would continue just because you are different and they don't like different. That's why muggle borns get called MudBloods."Andromeda responded. "Mum I really want our old name back. You didn't see some of the faces the other kids made at me. They made me feel really scared. The teachers last year didn't help much either. I think some of the even wanted me to get hurt for some reason. Professor Snape even seemed to smirk when I told him what some of the boys were doing. Does he have something against me? I haven't done anything to have him mad at me. He just looks at me like he would hex me at times." Dora asked questioningly "Dora Im sorry there are things that happen at school that children don't grow out of. My cousin and his friends used to pick on Severus when he was a student. Not that he didn't give as good as he got. He just was not one of the popular students so he believed he got the worst end of the deal. He liked the same girl in school that James Potter liked, and well they fought over her. Even though she was friends with Severus before she met James. James and Severus called each other names and cast hexes at each other and well James won out over Severus. Lilly picked James in the end and Severus was broken-hearted. So with that Severus hated anyone who was James' friends. James was best friends with my cousin Sirius Black." Andromeda explained with little energy as if she was explaining something that hurt her. "Mum you mean Professor Snape holds a grudge against me for something I didn't do?" Dora asked questioningly. "Well maybe not a grudge but he may look the other way when someone does something to you. He may not give you a fair shake if something comes up and you are involved." her mum explained rather blandly. "Mum that's not fair." Dora frowned and looked at her Mum. "Dora there is a muggle saying I learned. Life's not fair. That about sums it up." Andromeda just shook her head "But Mum what am I to do?" Dora rubbed her face in frustration. "Darling I'm going to tell you something that you may not understand. Keep your head down, don't make yourself an easy target. Try to make some friends or work on old friendships that you had before. Once you have them stick to them. Don't walk around Hogwarts by yourself ever, even to the loo. The school is old and there are too many forgotten rooms where an evil person or couple could snatch you and take advantage of you. Make sure you know what's going on around you at all times." Andromeda explained as if she was teaching someone to cast a spell. "Mum you make it sound like we are in a war." Dora questioned with concern in her voice. Yes darling it is a war. The Darklord died trying to kill The Boy who Lived. "Harry Potter". But, I don't think he is gone. I think something happened to him, something that hurt him and he's trying to recoup some of his strength. You've seen that house, a lot of magic was expended there enough to kill a lot of wizards and there Harry was with just a scratch. The Headmaster hid that boy from everyone. For what reason only he and very few others know. That makes me worried he thinks the Dark lord will return some time and he hopes Harry will do it again but permanently. Her Mum explained with a bit of fear in it. "So whats he got to do with me? Harry is like 6 or 7 years younger than me." Dora quirked with eye brows scrunched. "Just remember almost all old magical families are related and, you are a distant 2nd cousin one time removed. When I married my Teddy our name changed and now we sound like a muggle family and not part of a powerful magical family anymore. That is what Im trying to say. The Black family is very old money and our magic is very powerful. Used for good and evil from time to time. Sirius was trying to make the family name better for everyone's sake. He hated the old prejudices. Darling you will be a powerful witch but right now you are too young to do much. So, I say to you watch out and keep your friends close at all times." Andromeda stated seriously and with dread. "Mum you are scaring me." Dora responded "A little scared will keep you safe."Her Mum stated solemnly.