nothing but a pawn in his game. He only uses you. And what's worse, he deliberately takes chances that you die in the end." She squinted her eyes. "He doesn't even consider you might live to tell the tale." Severus swallowed hard. "Do not feel pity for a man who jeopardizes your life so recklessly," Cathy concluded. "Kill him! Kill him in whatever way you see fit." Severus didn't respond. He knew that Cathy had a point, but he was not sure whether he would be able to do what was expected of him. "Don't worry," Cathy said, softly. "You will find your strength when you get there." She smiled, confidently. "More tea?" Slowly, Severus ascended the stairs to the Astronomy tower and he felt awful. The heavy weight that pressed on his shoulders was not easy to bear. The cowardly part of him wished he had taken some potion that erased his conscience but no such potion did exist. He would have to do what he had come for … From upstairs Severus could perceive Draco's timid stuttering and Bellatrix Lestrange's shrill voice, urging the boy to kill Dumbledore. The ruthless part of Severus wished Draco would find the strength to do it, but judging from Draco's whimpering, Severus figured the boy would fail. Severus would have to do it himself after all. Draco was just not cut out for killing. But he was. Severus knew he could do it, but did he really want to? "Stand by your promise," Cathy had said. "Do what Dumbledore wants you to do." As if it was as simple as that. How should he do it? Severus wondered. Of course, seeing that it had to be done on top of the Astronomy tower he could simply push Dumbledore over the banister. But that was pathetic. No, the Death Eaters would expect him to use the Killing Curse – the Unforgivable Curse … And if he did that, there would be no redemption. Even if anyone would ever find out that it was a mercy killing – the Unforgivable Curse was still unforgivable and it meant Azkaban. Severus shuddered. He would rather kill himself than going to Azkaban. He knew what the place did to people. He had seen Black after thirteen years of imprisonment – and it hadn't been a good sight. Maybe in the end Black had regained some of his strengths but Azkaban had changed him. Severus didn't want to be changed and even now he still hoped that some sort of miracle would happen – that someone might turn up at the last moment and do the job for him … Severus hung his head and stopped abruptly, when he suddenly glimpsed Potter, standing below, staring at the scene that presented itself on top of the Astronomy Tower. He looked pale and with his wand drawn out, he seemed to be ready for action. The hero of the wizarding world. The Boy Who Lived – but no! Severus had promised Dumbledore to keep Potter safe, so he put his finger on his lips when Potter flinched as he saw Severus, indicating the boy to be silent. Almost imperceptibly Potter nodded and Severus walked past him. Slowly, he went up to the platform, trying to hold his wand steadily, so no one would notice how afraid he was. "Go away, Draco," Severus said, forcing himself to stay calm, as he looked at the old man, standing near the banister. This was the perfect moment for one of the Death Eaters to lose their nerve and kill Dumbledore. Part of Severus wished someone would be stupid enough to prove a point and take the burden off of him. But all eyes were fixed on him. Draco had already, lowered his wand, shaking like a leaf. Yes, it was cold up here, but Severus knew that the shaking came from fear. Draco had failed and now Severus had to fulfil the task in order to keep the Unbreakable Vow he gave to Narcissa. There was no way out. But he couldn't. He couldn't do it. Not yet, not yet …. "Severus …" he suddenly perceived Dumbledore's voice. It sounded like a plea for mercy and suddenly Severus heard Cathy's voice as well. "Do not feel pity for a man who jeopardizes your life so recklessly," it said. "Kill him! Kill him in whatever way you see fit." Severus clenched his teeth. He had to think about the bad things, not reminisce about the good stuff … "For all the gentle put-downs," he told him. "For every point you ever gifted Gryffindor … For every time you praised Potter …" "For every knowing twinkle in your eyes …" Cathy's voice in Severus' head added. "For every reproof …" "For never stepping in when Potter's father and his gang made my life a living hell …" Severus remembered. "For allowing Black a second chance …" "For keeping you as his pet traitor these past 16 years …" Cathy's voice continued. "For risking your cover with his compassion …" "Please," Dumbledore said, silently. Severus took a deep breath, then he raised his wand and pointed it at Dumbledore, hoping this one last time Dumbledore would also read his mind as he always did. "For showing mercy to Quirrell …" Severus thought, bitterly. "For letting the traitor survive, while condemning me forever!" For a second there was a glimpse of astonishment in Dumbledore's eyes, but Severus didn't wait, until it would rouse his pity. "He doesn't care one bit for you," he heard Cathy's voice loud and clear. "You are nothing but a pawn in his game. He only uses you. And what's worse, he deliberately takes chances that you die in the end. He doesn't even consider you might live to tell the tale." Cathy was right. There was no turning back anymore. The time of innocence was over and with just two words Severus did what he had to do and sealed his fate.