possibly have been jealous?" "We were your age once, you know." Ron was quiet for a moment, pondering how to tell her. "Do you know when your parents first met each other?" "What does this have to do with my nickname?" "You'll see." "Yes, during the Triwizard Tournament mum and Uncle Harry were in." "Exactly. That Christmas, there was a ball at school." Victoire perked up. "Oh, the Yule Ball! Mum told me all about it. She said it was amazing." "Amazing for most," he muttered under his breath. "You see, your Aunt Hermione—" "And you went together, and you fell in love that night. How romantic!" "Ha! Not quite. I was still figuring out what I felt for her, and I made a big mistake. One which, truthfully, still bothers me to this day." Victorie was hanging on every word, trying to imagine them as teenagers. "I assumed your Aunt didn't have a date, being a bookworm and all, so I sort of asked her as a last resort. Hell, I even tried asking your mum before that, which was a disaster." She laughed. "You asked mum to the ball?" "Not my proudest moment. Though to be fair, it took me a while to see past the Veela side of her." "What happened?" Ron closed his eyes for a moment. "It turned out that your aunt did have a date, and it was Viktor bloody Krum." "Mum's friend Viktor?" She exclaimed in surprise. "I've met him a couple of times." "Yes, well, I wasn't exactly thrilled that a world-famous Quidditch star and Triwizard competitor was interested in your aunt." He couldn't help but smile wistfully. "Gods, Hermione looked beautiful that night." "So then you went to the ball alone, and pined over her? That's so sweet." "No, I did end up getting a date, but I was pretty horrid to her. I refused to dance and I pouted all night. I was just so angry and jealous watching your aunt dance and laugh with that… prat." "Sounds familiar." Ron nodded at his niece. "I told you I'd dealt with complicated. After the ball, we got into a huge row in the Common Room. Little did I know that your aunt had her first kiss that night, and it certainly wasn't with me. That fact also came back to bite me a couple of years later, but that's a story for another time." "What did you do?" "What could I do? I couldn't measure up to him. I went mental whenever he was mentioned, or whenever I found out Hermione was exchanging letters with him. I began referring to him as Vicky, just to piss off your aunt." "I finally get it! Whenever you hear that name, you don't think of me, but of Viktor Krum!" "Exactly. It's silly, I know, after all these years. It just reminds me of a time when I was so confused and upset. I wasn't very confident to begin with, and having to compete against Krum really set my relationship with your aunt backwards a few times." "Well, I think things turned out for the best. I can't image anyone making Aunt Hermione as happy as you do." "Thank you. That's why I think you and Teddy don't need to carry those same kinds of regrets and have stupid fights like we did. Just go straight to the happy part. That will only happen if one of you opens up and shows some real honesty." A determined look crossed her face, the same one Ron had seen on Fleur's face in the past, notably when she stood by Bill after he was attacked. "I'm going to do just that." "I'm glad to hear it. I'm not the only one in the family who thinks the two of you would make a good match. As for your nickname, I'll try my best not to let it bother me." "It's fine, now that I know it isn't because of me. It's actually… kind of cute." "Well, don't repeat that in front of your cousins." Ron puffed out his chest. "I have a reputation to uphold." Victorie rolled her eyes, before pushing her chair back and standing up. Ron also stood up, ready to make his way back to the family gathering. Before he could go any further, his niece gave him a big hug. "Thanks for listening, and for trusting me." "You got it." He could hear the smile in her voice as she continued. "I hope you're this patient when Rose is my age." "Rose isn't dating until she's thirty, so I have nothing to worry about." She giggled. "Sure, Uncle Ron, if that helps you sleep at night." "It does." They exited the kitchen to find that several members of the family were now positioned suspiciously close to the door, their interference held at bay by Fleur's fierce gaze. Victoire made a beeline for Hermione and hugged her fiercely, surprising Ron, Hermione, and everyone else. Ron knew he was about to get cornered by Fleur and Hermione, so he hung back for a second, all eyes continuing to follow Victoire as she dodged a few of her younger cousins and made her way towards Teddy, who was staring at her unabashedly. Leaning down, she whispered something, causing him to nod. He stood and followed her out towards the garden. Bill suddenly appeared to Ron's right. "I don't know what you two talked about, but it looks like you got through to her." "She's a good kid, you and Fleur did a great job with her." "Thanks, mate. I hope she didn't ask about anything too… sensitive?" "Nah, she's old enough to hear about some of the stuff we went through. It's good for her to know… puts things in perspective." "When did you become so wise?" As Ron watched Hermione approach, he felt a rush of affection for the woman he loved. "Being married to the smartest witch in the country has its advantages."