"I'm afraid we are," Cathy replied. "This is where we are going to live." With that she pointed at a huge building behind them and Severus frowned. "Actually, I don't see a cottage over there," he said. "Is it behind that manor house?" "Hmmm," Cathy mused. "Now that you mention it I must admit that you're right. The cottage is in fact a house. "What, that thing?" Severus gasped. Cathy nodded. "That's a manor house!" Severus established. "Alright, it's a manor house," Cathy agreed. "But it was the only property that was available on such short notice." "You mean for rent?" "No," Cathy answered. "I planned a little ahead and already bought it." "You … bought it?" "I told you I was loaded." "Yes, but this thing must have cost a fortune." "A small fortune, but it was worth every penny." "Penny?" "Muggle money," Cathy said, dismissively. "You will get used to it." "I was used to it, once," Severus mused. "A long time ago, when I lived with my parents in Cokesworth." "Ah, yes …" Cathy inhaled deeply. "Spinner's End, right?" Severus nodded. "Actually, it momentarily crossed my mind to move in there with you," Cathy explained. "But then I visited the … can I call it a 'house'?" She shrugged. "Anyway, I realized …" she continued, wrinkling her nose. "The place is a dump. No offence." "None taken." "This property is much nicer," Cathy established. "A huge house with many rooms and a cellar perfectly fit for a potions lab. A large formal garden with a gazeebo hidden in the centre of a maze. Many fountains and statues, even a lily pond with koi carps. And a kitchen garden, in which we can plant everything you need for your potions." "That sounds wonderful indeed." "The place is called Prince Park," Cathy said, softly. "It reminded me of you. Do you like it?" "Yes," Severus answered. "Yes, I think, I could get used to this … lifestyle." Cathy smiled. "And you won't mind our neighbours?" "As long as those children stay out of our garden …" "I'm positive, you'll make sure of that!" Cathy replied. "But what about you?" Severus asked, insecurely. "Are you comfortable with this? Don't you mind giving up your old life? I mean, won't you miss Hogsmeade?" "No," Cathy said, shaking her head. "And your apothecary?" "A little, perhaps," Cathy admitted. "But my apothecary is in good hands, actually." "Oh?" "I left it to Mr Quirrell." "You what?" Severus gasped. "I gave my apothecary to Mr Quirrell," Cathy repeated. "As a good-bye present." Severus could hardly believe his ears. "A good-bye present …" he mumbled. "Well, would you rather have him move in here with us?" Cathy asked. "We have a lot of spare rooms and I'm quite sure he would love it immensely." Severus squinted his eyes. "If Quirrell dares to come near our home I'll sic the dogs on him!" Cathy chuckled. "I'm afraid we can't have dogs," she said, cheerfully. "They freak me out. But we can have a bunch of cats if you are not satisfied with Aragorn and Arwen." Severus frowned. "Aragorn and Arwen," he gasped. "Where are they, anyway?" "In the dovecote at the far end of our garden," Cathy assumed. "Nesting, probably." "So they are here already?" "Oh, yes, they must have arrived about an hour ago," Cathy explained. "I sent them here right after you left me last night." Severus huffed. "You must have been pretty sure I would survive the war, then." "Actually, I was," Cathy replied. "No dark magic could have harmed you, really. I took every precaution imaginable. I gave you my handkerchief as a token of my concern about you, I spiked your tea with an antidote, I even acquired a Phoenix, just in case …" She hesitated. "Well, actually, the Phoenix was initially Mr Quirrell's idea," she admitted. "A few months ago he asked me if Phoenix tears would heal his scars even better than balms and potions, so I thought it might be worth a try and I left no stone unturned to get one. It wasn't easy, it took me a lot of time, but eventually I was able to purchase a Phoenix egg, which I carefully hatched …" "I can't believe that you did all that for Quirrell!" Severus interrupted with a frown. "No, I did it for you, silly!" Cathy contradicted. "I knew that some day, if everything else failed, a Phoenix would come in handy. But you're right, of course. In the long run, it is Mr Quirrell, who will benefit from Joan's tears. That's why I will bring her back to him eventually, but not before I am absolutely sure that you are completely healed. I will not give a hostage to fortune!" "You really thought of everything," Severus mused. "Dumbledore was right. He said you were talented and witty. You took on Voldemort and outsmarted him." "Oh, yes," Cathy said, darkly. "Believe me, I would have taken on anyone, even the devil himself." "I don't doubt it." "No one touches one hair on your head," Cathy established, brushing a strand of hair from Severus' face. "Except me." She smiled at him. "I'm yours, Severus," she added, softly. "Forever." "Hmmm," Severus answered, thoughtfully. "Forever might not be long enough." "How about for all eternity?" Cathy suggested. Severus nodded, a smile forming on his lips. "That might work." Cathy chuckled. "Now, look at you, Severus Snape," she said with a sigh. "After all these years you have finally turned soft-hearted. Who would have thought that a snake bite can be such a life-changing experience?" "Not a snake bite, no," Severus contradicted. "Rather the realization that once you have decided to spend the rest of your life with someone you suddenly cannot wait for the rest of your life to begin." "Is that so?" Severus nodded. "Just one more thing …" he added. "Yes?" Cathy asked. Severus looked at her, seriously. "Never call me silly again!" he said.