would cause too many questions and he could just study along with Hermione and her notes and just take his Owls and NEWT independently, Luna was doing to same while still taking the 1st year course in those subjects. 00o00 It was finally the morning of Oct 30th and Dumbledore still hadn't called Harry back to his office and Snape was ignoring him, which was fine by Harry. Unfortunately, the houses were set by year so Luna was not standing with Hermione and him as they watched for the first sign of flying carriage carrying the Beauxbaton and the ship carrying the Durmstrang students. They had spent every waking moment not in class together and had become much closer than they were even after the summer break. Tonight was the night they were going to go back, just at midnight. The girls had something planned, something big but he did not know what it was. They each had this mischievous look about them whenever they looked at him; it was like Sirius and Remus or even the Weasley twins before they pulled a prank. Harry was getting more nervous until the carriage landed giving him something else to think about for a while. Harry and the others watched the as the girls entered the school. "Keep your eyes in your head buddy." Hermione said smacking him just as bubbles appeared in the lake and the Durmstrang ship started to rise. Again just, like last time Ron a row over went gaga over Krum. Harry stifled a laugh and Hermione glared at him. "What? Ron should ask Krum to the ball is all." Hermione rolled her eyes. She had seen Ron's jealousy in the pensive but he had been horrible to her starting just days after stepping off the train, never within Harry's hearing. Ron would be stupid to say anything near Harry he was more than ready to take his DADA OWLs and NEWTs and they would once they go back and could schedule the tests for all of them. They all planned on retaking potions again to get better scores; she planned to ace it this time. 00o00 The door to the ROR was there when Harry and Hermione reached it just five minutes to 12. Hermione smiled mischievously at Harry as they shared his cloak. A shiver ran down his neck as she led him into the room. The arch was there but it was not the only thing, a large bed with Luna spread out across it but the shocking thing was she was nude. Harry had never seen either girl nude before, sure he'd seen everything they had, done things to those things, things that both he and they enjoyed but he'd never seen everything in the all together before. He was so entranced that he missed Hermione undressing so it was another shock when she stood next to the bed. "We're ready when you are Harry?" Harry could not speak but he could nod, making both girls smile, but he still did not move. "I think he needs help." Luna said as she slid off the bed and approached him with Hermione following her lead. Luna first took his glasses, "I think these will just get in the way." Harry blinked, now everything was blurry so Harry was very disappointed and it showed. Luna cocked her head to the side thinking before she pulled her wand from a top her ear and waved it in front of his eyes making Harry blink again. He could see, clearly, better than he ever could with his glasses. Hermione turned to Luna questioningly. "What was that?" Luna shrugged. "Oh just a simple charm that temporarily fixes a wizards eyes I had wondered why Harry never used it but with practice Harry could get it to last six or eight hours. That and many other charms were made for times of battle; it wouldn't do to lose your glasses in the middle of a fight." Harry's eyes widened. "Or, during Quidditch!" Luna shook her head as she started to undress him followed by Hermione. "No, charms like these are against the rules during a Quidditch match." Two hours later, they were redressed and ready to go, abet with goofy grins. "Dobby, Winky!" Hermione called giving Harry another surprise she never called them. They each popped in with trunks, and popped back out only to bring more, until there were eleven trunks. At Harry's expectant look, Hermione explained. "One is everything in your trust vault; the others are library books, specifically the restricted section." Harry looked at the trucks again. "All of them?" and started to blink it was time to reapply the eye correcting charm. Hermione looked down sadly. "No, but a good chunk of them." She whined. Harry tried not to laugh as he pointed his wand at himself and saying the charm to fix his eyes for third time that night. Luna said it was only temporary but every twenty minutes was a little too often. "Well love, you can't have everything." Hermione looked up and stuck her tongue out at him making the three of them laugh. Hermione looked through the time arch and squealed making Harry and Luna look at her. "Look." She said pointing through the arch. "Both of Harry's wands, his phoenix and elder wands, along with his cloak and map are there, once we go back he will have the ones on him and those already there, making four phoenix wands, cloaks and maps but only two elder wands. The great thing about that is since we emptied the Potter and Lestrange vaults; once we go back they haven't emptied them yet." Harry set the time for 2:01 am June 7 1994, didn't want to meet himself, and started levitating the trunks through and then the three of them took hands and stepped through. Authors note: Next chapter see what changes that Hermione and Luna bring to the table. Word count: 5,550