lucky that it never reached him. Unfortunately, the other three guys were not that lucky enough. All three face-palmed themselves. Ruthford continued "Are we still on for Wednesday?" "Definitely. Provided you actually study this time" replied Audorie with a cheeky grin. "I will not lie," Ruthford started his defense in a direct manner "You are more of a distraction than a tutor." Audorie rolled her eyes, still smiling. "If I had to study sweetheart, I would do it myself." Audorie, surprisingly, remained indifferent. With that, Ruthford winked and left. Audorie's eyes never left him until he was out of sight. Jannet heaved a breath and said "Wow. I feel breathless." Audorie loosened her composure and turned to Jannet smiling broadly. They talked in an extremely fast pace in an incomprehensible language and were sounding like wild raccoons. The three guys had stood up, feeling out of place, refusing to sit next to the source of commotion in the otherwise quiet, Common Room. "Which part of that was endearing?" questioned Albus. Jannet's head snapped to her right and her eyes turned to slits and voice turned mysteriously dark. "Every bit of it was." Randy stepped in and said "He said and I quote, 'If I had to study sweetheart, I would do it myself.'" "You had to say 'sweetheart' didn't you?" Albus mocked Randy. Randy continued, addressing the girls "Don't you think what he was implying was not insulting?" Audorie rolled her eyes and spoke up "What was he implying exactly?" Her tone dared Randy to proceed further. Sadly for her, Randy was not the one to take an underlying hint. "He was implying that he would rather study alone than study with you." "He was implying that if he had something to do as worthless as studying then he would do it alone and hence save Audorie the trouble." said Jannet defensively. "Ugh!" exclaimed Luke in frustration, "You say potato and I say potahto, OK?" Randy and Jannet shrugged it away, still not satisfied with the case they could present. "What was the flirting about?" questioned Albus. "There was no flirting." stated Audorie. "Oh please," Albus raised his hand in the 'talk to the hand' manner and sat down next to Audorie. "There was direct flirting. I would be an idiot if I'd think that I am the only person you wore that skirt for?" said Ablus, hopefully. Jannet sniggered. "You would be an idiot if you thought I wore it for you at all." Audorie replied with her head held high. "Damn" cursed Albus as he stomped the table with his fist as a farce, burying his face in the table, lightheartedly smiling. Audorie took her chance and ruffled his hair with all her might. Albus hated it. His huge green eyes looked up, head still low and he caught how smug and cute Audorie was looking and all the irritation faded away. Her elbow was propped on her thigh and her chin was resting on the hand. Her brown eyes shone mischievously bright. If Albus had to choose between a day old puppy and Audorie then he would choose her because she was so much like an adorable puppy, with round brown eyes, a snug face and her huge tempting lips, but only better. Albus straightened up and cocked his head. "You think that's funny?" Audorie, Jannet, Randy and Luke all nodded in unison. "You should ask me, the person who spends forty-five minutes at least, everyday just to tame my hair," complained Albus, now running his hands through it. "That is the fun in it," teased Audorie with her tongue out. That made Albus chuckle. 'What a kid,' he thought. "What are you complaining about?" said Luke "Forty-five minutes and it still looks terrible." "It does look better than what it looks like when I wake up," retorted Albus. "James' hair always looks way better. Even though you guys have the same hair," said a voice behind Albus. Everyone turned to see who it was. "He had always been the smarter one." "As much as I like you grading me as a brother, what are you here for?" asked Albus. "I did not grade you!" exclaimed Lily in horror. "I am shocked you would accuse me so wrongly. And by the way, it would be a 'C'" Albus rolled his eyes from behind the armchair while his friends sniggered at the usual exchange of greetings between the two siblings. "Your point?" questioned Albus, blatantly. "Oh!" she realized her motive and made her way to the front of Albus' armchair. She placed a huge stack of books onto Albus' lap. "I believe that this is yours." "Not unless my name is Lily Luna Potter and I am little and squirmy," mocked Albus and attempted to push it towards Lily. She did not let him. "Very funny. That just earned you another one," with that she summoned another book. "This is my homework and assignments for the week." Albus did not remember having that much homework in third year. "Do it." She folded her arms. 'She looks frighteningly like mum,' thought Albus. "Why should I? Do you want me to write mum and tell her that you've gone bonkers?" he asked. "Not unless you want me to write to mum and tell her what James and you did with the letter." Albus' eyes bulged out in horror and shock. All he could think was 'Dealing with another Ginny Weasley, am I? I think I'd rather die.' A/N: Thank you so much for reading! Please review, it will make my day. If I suck at this, how will I stop unless you tell me? I promise to update at least twice a week, I promise. My friends have been reading it since ages and I would like to thank them for their love and support: Thank you V.S, A.T, V.K, P.J, A.B, and M.L for making this happen, I love you for being my betas and for giving me ideas.