Teddy's not sure where the question comes from. "Why d'you ask?" "S'just we were in Diagon Alley getting present and stuff, and his shop was open and all and he was in it, but he was all by himself. No one ever talks to Ollivander," Lily answers pensively. "I made Daddy go into it with me and have a chat with him. I gave him some tinsel." "That's very kind of you, Lil. I'm sure he appreciated it," Teddy answers. The conversation stops there, because Harry strides in and they play a game of charades, which ends up involving the whole family. Victoire rocks up halfway through the evening, and Teddy's sure it's one of the best Christmases he's ever had. But it's when he goes back to his flat in Diagon Alley that he remembers Lily's question. He detours by Ollivander's, where he sees the old man sitting on a rickety chair in his shop. He's polishing a wand, and some tinsel hangs across the counter. Teddy pushes open the door and it's the start of something brilliant. Teddy is twenty-seven when he finishes his apprenticeship with Ollivander. It's probably one of the proudest moments in his life when Ollivander changes the sign on his door to say "Ollivander & Lupin, Wandmakers". He knows that he adds some vibrancy to Ollivander's. He undertakes a massive spring clean, and turns the shop into a more open, bright place. He and Ollivander find kindred souls in each other; Ollivander's wife and family was killed in the war with Grindelwald. He's a different mentor than Harry is to Teddy, more like a grandfather, and Teddy loves Ollivander. Making wands and then selling them is a wonderful experience. He loves watching young children wave a wand for the first time, and feel the thrum of their magic through their arm. He loves how their faces light up and grins spread across their faces. Equally, he loves seeing people's faces relax in relief when he manages to fix their broken wands. Ollivander's is his third home. He proposes to Victoire when he turns thirty. She's just started working as a freelance play critic, having spent a while at The Daily Prophet building up a reputation. Teddy thinks that she's quite a vicious critic, but stays silent. It's wiser that way, and in fact she's hysterically funny in her criticisms. Of course, Teddy tries to make the proposal as romantic as possible. He knows that Victoire's a romantic soul, for all her hard exterior, and so he brings her to her favourite play one evening, and then wrangles an invitation to visit the actors backstage. After that, they escape to a small, inexpensive (but excellent) restaurant in Diagon Alley that had been their favourite teenage haunt. The manager, who knows them intimately, gives them a wonderful meal at half price. Teddy then Apparates himself and Victoire to the beach near Shell Cottage, where they love going regularly. It's there, as they build a sandcastle and then watch the light of the setting sun dance on the waves, that Teddy proposes to Victoire. She says yes, and the emotions that overwhelm Teddy then are as strong as when he first met his parents. Their first child is called Remus. He's born when he turns thirty-three, and is a quiet, serious little baby. For the first time, Teddy understands why his parents sacrificed themselves, why they went out and fought. He brings his gurgling son to his parents' grave and apologises to them for not understanding before. He thinks that they'll understand. Their second child, born three years later, is called Zoe. Zoe, from the outset, is radically different to her brother. She's full of life and noise, and fascinates Remus, who takes a great shine to her. Often, Teddy finds himself moving Remus' cot into Zoe's nursery because his son refuses to go to sleep without being able to see his sister. Every night, when Teddy curls up next to his wife, he's convinced that his life could not get much better than this. Of course, there's heartbreak as well. Teddy doesn't know if he'll be able to feel again when his grandmother dies. He spends days locked up in the wand shop, throwing himself into his work. It's Harry and Ollivander combined who bring him out of his funk. They bring him to Andromeda's grave, and Teddy falls to the ground sobbing beside it. He's never felt such pain in his life, and he doesn't know if he'll ever recover. But Teddy does recover. For a while, he goes to Andromeda's grave every day. It's there that he meets a frail Narcissa Malfoy and Draco Malfoy. He's met Scorpius; he's Al's best friend. He and Narcissa form a bond between them that's soon broken by her death. He goes to her funeral, which is much sadder than Andromeda's. He comes away from it and hugs Harry hard because he loves Harry like a father and isn't sure what he'll do when Harry dies. But of course Harry does die and Teddy finds out. It takes him a lot longer to recover from his godfather's death, and he doesn't ever really fully recover. Victoire is there for him the whole way through, and he's never been more thankful for his wife. When Teddy is seventy-seven, and he's standing in front of Harry's grave, he discovers just how fragile life is. Teddy dies just after his one hundred and fifth birthday. He doesn't know what the reaction of his family is, but when he opens his eyes, he's standing at a train station. There's a compartment right in front of him, which for some reason he knows he has to walk into. When he does, he's met with a wide smile from a rather dapper man sitting in there, and a laugh from a woman with bright pink hair. "Hello, Teddy," his mother says. Death is a whole new adventure for Teddy. A/N: Hope you enjoy it!