tugged my arm out of his grip. "I'm sorry, James. Potter." We didn't talk for nearly a month and a half after that. The funny thing was, people noticed that even though we've always hated each other. Because apparently, no matter how much we bickered, we would always at least be bickering. But I couldn't face him, so I threw myself into my work to try and forget about James Potter. About two weeks after we stopped talking, my best friend, Cole, came to talk to me, along with Fred and Jessica, both of whom I don't think Cole has ever had a real conversation with. "What do you want?" "What happened between you and James?" Jessica asked bluntly. "Nothing," I snapped, wrapping my sweater around me more tightly. Jessica and Cole exchanged looks. "You guys both lost a lot of weight, seriously, you look like skeletons, and neither of you are talking to each other. And you guys always go out of your way to insult each other. So what's up?" "We got in a fight," I said, trying to push past them, but Fred grabbed me by the arm, and he was seriously built like a bear. Being an amazing beater probably helped with that. "Yeah, but your fights always happen in public and are never that serious. So unless you've been meeting in secret, which I wouldn't be that surprised about, since he's been meeting someone in secret and it might as well be you. You know, since your relationship being outed would be school wide gossip, and-" "What relationship?" I asked sharply. "Whoa," Fred said, putting his arms up in a seize-fire gesture. "I didn't mean to imply anything." "Sorry, I'm just a bit on edge. I gotta go." I looked at Cole. "I'll see you later." She smiled mischievously and looked at Jessica. "Indeed." They caught us two days later. I was walking down the potions corridor with Cole beside me talking a mile-a-minute when suddenly, I'm being shoved in broomstick cupboard. "What the hell? Cole-" "Sorry," she called, before slamming the cupboard door closed. I banged against it, but it seemed to be magically locked. "Damn," I muttered. "Yeah, that was pretty much my assessment." I whipped around to see, who else, James Potter leaning against the back wall of the cupboard. "So, they got you too?" "Um, hi." He smirked, but there was a nervous undertone that I wasn't accustomed to seeing on him. "Hi. Are you okay? I mean, with your claustrophobia and all." "Well, at least we know a surefire way to distract me if I start having a panic attack," I tried to joke, albeit weakly. Apparently, James- er, Potter- didn't appreciate me trying to lighten the mood since he slammed his head against the wall, before starting toward me. Once again, I noticed how close we were and how there was no room to back up in the small space. "Why did you break it off? I wouldn't mind if you just didn't want to snog me, but why couldn't we stay friends?" My breathing picked up and I gasped out my answer: "It was too painful. But, Potter, I can't-" And with that I burst into tears, and his arms came around my waist. "Shh, it's okay," he whispered into my hair, winding his fingers in it. "I'm going to try the door again, okay?" I nodded against his shirt and he reached past me to try the door, which miraculously opened. He led me out up to the seventh floor. When I realized where he was taking me, I started fighting him. "No, James, you can't! I don't wanna talk!" "Cammi! We need to talk! I want to talk!" Then, more quietly, he added: "I miss you, Camilla. Please. I want us to be friends again." I let out a breath that I didn't realize I had been holding and followed him into the Room of Requirement. I looked around and saw that the room had formed into its usual fluffy Gryffindor bed and couch. I sat gingerly on the bed and James scooted next to me. "So," I started nervously. "You wanted to talk?" "You said that it was too painful to even stay friends!" he exclaimed angrily. "What was painful? Look at both of us! We're both miserable! Isn't that even more painful?" "I-" "Or is this about the sex thing? Because if it is, then-" "Stop!" I yelled. "James, I couldn't deal with it!" "Camilla, I-" "I couldn't deal with you because when we were talking about the sex and you said that it was better to wait for someone that you loved, and I realized that I..." "I love you, too," James said. I froze, and for a minute, we just looked at each other. And then we crashed together, his mouth on mine, my hand in his hair, both of us groaning into each other. He ripped at my shirt and I shoved my hands under his, aching to feel his abs. We were bare except for our underclothes. James was propped on top of me, one hand knotted in my hair, the other tracing hearts on my thigh, sending hot shivers up my spine. My hands were at his waist, keeping his hips close to mine. And we breathed together. "James?" He hummed and, screwing up my courage, I said, "I love you." His eyes shot open and he kissed me lightly on the lips, both of our eyes open. I'd never kissed anyone with my eyes opened before. It felt more intense and intimate than anything I'd ever done before. "So, doofus." His laugh ghosted across my face and he kissed me again, murmuring declarations of love as he nibbled down my neck. His hands went to my bra clasp and I sucked in a breath. This is happening . And it was pain, pleasure, and all kinds of right. And finally, I was no longer confused about my feelings.