then watched Bill leave with one mirror only to return after a few minutes and the two talked excitedly for a few more minutes before Bill motioned Harry allow the director to speak to Harry. "Hello Mr. Potter first I would like to say thank you for finding such interesting things. The wizarding world may not see the advantage of such things but Goblins do, I wish to ask you if we could barrow these two for three days and we will make you new ones, any size you wish Mr. Weasley tells me you wanted the whole lot?" the Goblin crossed his long fingers and waited patiently. Harry nodded. "She said they were getting rid of them, but I wanted a small one for Hermione and one of the largest ones for her mom, she's going to be far away from her parents and I thought she would like that plus I wanted another for Ginny she can't come to Hogwarts till next year and when we were here yesterday we met a girl named Daphne so figured another for her, she has a little sister that she will miss." Harry noticed Bill smile at him at the mention of his sister but Bill didn't comment. "That's very commendable Mr. Potter." Just then there was a knock on the door and Harry was almost bowled over by Hermione. "Are you OK! They made us leave." Hermione glared up at the director clearly she blamed him but he just chuckled, this little girl had guts and would make a good friend if not mate for the young Mr. Potter. When Harry nodded Mrs. Granger asked. "Is everything alright?" She glanced at Harry but faced the director and the Goblin doctor that was one of three goblins that had followed them in and was now standing off to the side of the director awaiting for make her report. She started when the director nodded for her to proceed. "As you can see Mr. Potter has made a complete recovery, he has been given what potions we can to help repair the damage that years of malnutrition has caused. We have also repaired the damage done by broken bones that had healed incorrectly; we were also able to repair his eyesight. That was relatively easy just needing a potion and a few hours sleep which he was doing already." The goblin turned and bowed to the director and stepped back as the director nodded to the next goblin in line. The next goblin stepped forward before bowing to the director. "First the removal of the foreign soul fragment of Tom Riddle went as planned." Mrs. Granger stood up. "Are you saying almost killing him was planned?" Her anger was evident and the director could see the same anger in her daughter. The goblin in question had taken the smallest step back which was unheard of, but goblins also understood you did not endanger a child without seriously upsetting the mother and an upset mother was a force to reckon with. "If Mr. Riddles soul piece had continued to stay even just a few more years it would have been impossible to remove without killing the host." Mrs. Granger's hands were now balled up into fists. "Host." She yelled. "He's is an eleven year old boy, not a host." The Goblin lowered his head. "I am sorry for my choice of words. Of course he is more than a host, but having an essentially living soul fragment to examine we are now able to detect others of the same soul and even have a way to detect another's if the need should arrive again. We have never had this knowledge before. This is the foulest magic that we Goblins can think of and we will do everything to eradicate any of these abominations we find." All the Goblins in the room nodded at the sentiment. "To that end we found one of them here in the bank." Bill straightened up, and spoke up quite unintentionally. "Where?" Bill lowered his head as soon as the words were out of his mouth expecting at least a reprimand but the Director chuckled, it was one of the few times Bill had heard a Goblin chuckle much less the director. "In this we are friends, Mr. Weasley, no offense is taken. When it comes to the abominations we are all one, but I would like the answer to that very question my-self." The Goblin bowed to the director again. "In the vault of Bellatrix Lestrange." The Goblin produced what look like a golden cup. "Is that?" "Yes Mr. Weasley, it is the challis of Helga Hufflepuff." "I'm sorry but do you know how many of these abominations this piece of… sorry Mr. Riddle would have made?" Mrs. Granger asked turning red herself at the almost use of foul language, while her daughter looked horrified but was still trying not to giggle. The director was smiling at the Muggle, he had the same sentiments for Mr. Riddle but he couldn't express them even that much. He could only turn to the Goblin and wait for the answer to a question he very much wanted to know but knew he wasn't going to get an answer that he wanted and he was right. "I'm sorry Mrs. Granger but it was believed impossible to create more than one but we believe he could have made at least three from what we learned from the cup." Having finished his report the goblin bowed to the director and stepped back. "So two are destroyed?" Mrs. Granger sat down looking pleased. But the Goblin looked down obvious not wanting to upset the muggle but she noticed and stalked over to him. "What. Spit it out man!" The Goblin looked to the director but the director wasn't going to be any help he was having fun, plus she asked the questions that he wanted answers to. The goblin gulped. "There are still two left."