working. "Please don't say anything, I need to say this." He stayed tense, but didn't move to speak. "It was over the summer holidays and I was walking by myself down Diagon Alley. I had gone to get my school books, and I didn't think that I would need any supervision. I had wanted to be alone. I had been with the entire Wotter clan for the whole summer, so I just wanted some peace and quiet." Lily took a shaky breath. "I guess I was walking too close to Knockturn Alley. This strange man came up to me and started leering at me. I still remember him talking about getting his revenge on Potter, my dad. He was an ex-Death Eater that had escaped trial." Lily was crying now. "He called me names that I didn't understand when I was fifteen. He said stuff that I didn't understand. But he was scaring me, so I started running. "I didn't even have my wand on me. I was underage, so why would I? He put me in a body bind curse, and when I tried to scream for help, he silenced me." She sniffled. "He... touched me in places and then he took me to this sleazy motel in Knockturn Alley. He dragged me though the front door, not even bothering to hide that he was about to rape a girl." Lily's voice rose in disgust. "I thought that someone would stop him. That good would prevail as my parents always said it would. But the people at the motel just laughed, congratulating the man on the capture of the 'Potter's little bitch.' The men in the room came up to me and started rubbing up on me and the women came and played with my hair. "I felt so violated. And then the man took me upstairs and raped me. He saw me crying and he laughed, just trying to hurt me even more. It felt like it lasted forever, and when he had had his fun, he just put me out on the street, pushing me to go tell my dad about what he had done to me and who had done it." Lily's eyes were running with vigor now. She couldn't stop sobbing, but she was determined to finish her story. "I was hurting everywhere. I was sore and violated and I was disgusted with myself. How could I let that happen to myself?" "It wasn't your fault, Lily." Lorcan's voice was low and choked up. She turned to look at him to see his eyes red with tears. His hands were clenched into fists and his jaw was rigid. She didn't want him to hate her, but she couldn't stop now. "I know that now . But at the time... My mom found me in the shower, sobbing, my skin rubbed red. She helped clean me up and we had to be enrolled in family therapy. Only my parents knew about my rape, since if it got to the press, it would go viral crazy fast. Harry Potter's daughter, the man who defeated the Dark Lord even though he was part of the weaker, smaller army, unable to defend herself against an ancient old man." Lily laughed bitterly. "The therapist was an old family friend, so she wouldn't say anything. And when the great Harry Potter found and subjected an old Death Eater to death, it was just another day in the wizarding world. Rodulphus Lestrange was never heard from again." Lily finished, her hands neatly folded in her lap. She couldn't look at Lorcan. But there was no need to. He pulled her in his arms, and buried his face in her hair. "You don't hate me?" she asked in a muffled voice. "Of course not! Merlin, Lily, you're the bravest person I know. You overcame all that and still stand here today, trusting a man. I'm so proud of you." Lily smiled into Lorcan's shirt, which was now wet with her tears. "I'm just glad that the Death Eater rapist is dead, otherwise I would go out and kill the fucking bitch." Lily snuggled deeper into his shirt. "Little Red," Lorcan said suddenly. "I call you Little Red because when we were younger, you always seemed so fragile and your hair is bright red. So I called you 'little' to remind myself that I would always be there to protect you." He paused, and Lily felt like her heart would explode. "And I wasn't there to protect you when you needed me most." He broke down and started sobbing, loud, hiccuping cries that shook her to her core. She shifted their positions so that Lorcan's head was on her chest and she fisted her hand in his hair, tears leaking from her own face. "It's okay," she whispered. She muttered words of comfort to him and he finally calmed. "I should be the one comforting you," he said in a shaky voice. "Not the other way around. God, I've probably lost all of my manly status." Lily shook her head. "Not at all. I love you, Lorcan Scamander. And maybe together we can learn what it means to be in a healthy relationship. Maybe one day we can learn to heal the rips of our past. Maybe I can learn to have dreams instead of nightmares. But right now, I'm grateful for you." Lily kissed Lorcan's forehead, pushing the hair out of his eyes. "I love you too, Lily Potter. And I promise, one day we'll be the dream." They curled into each others arms, sleeping in the way two people who are fighting do. And each of them dreamed of their future together. AN: So, I know that I should be updating my other stories, and I'm working on those too, but I had this idea for a Lorcan and Lily romance, so I quickly jotted it down and voila! Okay, I'll go back to finishing my other stories now. Lots of Love!