before. And that's when Remus realized it. Sirius Black was in love and Marlene McKinnon was in love right back and they were so confident in their love and in each other that they weren't jealous. They were so caught up in the other that they didn't even notice anyone else. Sirius had looked away then, turning to Remus. "Glad Mack is having fun. She needs it, she's been stressing about NEWTs. What do you say we grab some firewhiskey and have some fun too?" Remus had nodded bemused and followed his friend to where Peter was dolling out shots of firewhiskey. They'd soon been joined by Marlene but Remus was too drunk at this point to pay attention to anyone but Dorcas Meadowes, his on again-off again hook-up, at this point, even to the Golden couple of Hogwarts. By summer of 1978 it was a well known fact that they were in a war and that Sirius and Marlene hated each other. They couldn't even be in the same room together without making all of their friends uncomfortable. It wasn't like they shouted at one another or glared at each other or even avoided talking in groups together it was that they didn't speak to each other ever, they didn't look at each other, and Sirius became downright moody whenever she was around, sullen and mean; all in all it made Order meetings rather uncomfortable. What was worse is that no one, not even James, knew what had happened, but it was without a doubt hardest on him as he'd had to pick a side between his two best friends. Remus knew that James had gotten used to being around them both but now he felt he had to schedule times to see them and make sure the times were separate. Even observant Remus didn't know what had happened, but this might have had more to do with the fact that he had more to think about than the love-life of one of his best mates. The war distracted them all, but maybe if Remus had continued to observe his friends he might have remembered the attack on Marlene just after graduation, he might have remembered whose family members had been a part of it, and he might have noticed that something about Sirius and Marlene's behavior didn't quite add up, but he didn't. Just before Harry's first birthday it had become a well known fact that the Order was outnumbered and the Death Eaters were picking them off one by one. When they heard the call they'd been at James', him, Sirius and James. Fabian Prewitt's patronus , " They found the McKinnons. Reinforcements needed" . Remus's blood had run cold, but Sirius had bolted for the door before the message had even finished. They were too late. When Remus heard the most agonized dog like howl he'd ever heard he looked at James tears already in his eyes. The house was in shambles, bodies littered the ground. James had run for the house, Remus hot on his heels. They'd found Sirius upstairs a motionless blonde form cradled in his arms. He was rocking back and forth his face buried in her hair, making the worst gut wrenching sobs, repeating the same two sentences over and over. It was hardly intelligible through the tears but Remus heard it. "My fault. I'm sorry Mack." His voice was broken, so very broken. He stepped closer and put a hand on Sirius's back. His friend had flinched and then sobbed harder. Remus looked down at Marlene and caught a flash of light on her left hand. It was a wedding ring. His heart plummeted. He hadn't known. She must have been magically hiding it. Hours later as Remus helped everyone clean up the mess that was the McKinnon manor, Remus looked up to see Sirius apparate away a bundle cradled gently in his arms. Remus's eyes burned. He had a feeling he knew what, or rather who, was in that bundle. Again he hadn't known. By the time Dumbledore approached Remus about the Defense Against the Dark Arts position it was a well-known fact that Remus was a shadow and a sham who didn't know anything. He hadn't known friends who he'd thought were as close as the Marauder's were could betray each other, Sirius especially, he hadn't thought that at 21 he would lose the only good thing he'd ever had in life; friends, more than that family ; he hadn't known he'd live so much life with nothing. But when Remus returned to the train compartment where he'd left Harry, Harry , James's son , and saw a blonde almost fourteen year old girl cradled next to Harry, looking back at him with a pair of cool grey eyes he thought he'd never see again, he did know something then; he knew that whatever Sirius had become he had loved Marlene and he must have loved this girl, his daughter , at least he'd loved her enough to save her, to protect her from the death eaters who'd killed her mother. And so it was that Remus realized there were still things that no body knew about Sirius Black, things they would never know. They'd never know he'd gotten married, and the world would never know that he'd loved Marlene McKinnon. People thought he didn't date, because they thought he couldn't love, but no he didn't date because being with Marlene was beyond that, it was life and death, she meant more than anything and Marlene's daughter, his daughter, had meant something to him too, and so it was that Remus vowed to watch again and to look after both the girl he'd never known about and the boy he'd played with as a small child, and not for what Sirius had become but for what he'd been, for what he and James both had been to him and for Marlene and Lily, the women who'd loved his friends.