his shoes and slumping on the bed nearest the large window. "But I suppose now you can have it." "Yeah, there aren't any free beds left in the Gryffindor dormitories, are there?" said Black. "Hey, even if there were, there is no way we're letting him get away!" exclaimed Potter. "It's not every day you meet someone who just so happens to be related to you." He then smirked at Draco. "Especially when they get their sorting in sixth year ." As though on cue, he and Black burst into laughter. Draco even spotted Lupin grinning slightly. "Yeah," Draco tried to say, but it came out as a sort of grunt. How was he supposed to talk to these people? He had no idea what they wanted to hear. He really hadn't expected to be sorted into Gryffindor and having to meet this lot. He was not prepared for this at all. "I thought that all purebloods are related somehow anyways," said the scrawny boy in the corner of the dormitory. He was struggling to pull off his sweater. "At least, that's what I heard Dumbledore say once." "Rubbish," said Black, slumping on his own bed. "Oh no it's not," said Lupin, who sat on the bed next to Draco's. "I heard him say it too." Draco tried to nod in agreement but was too lost in thought to respond. First, he'd found out that he'd gone back in time. Then, he'd explained as much as he could to Dumbledore who'd helped him cook up a story. Next, he'd been sorted into Gryffindor instead of Slytherin, and actually met Harry Potter's father and his school friends. And now, he'd fulfilled one of his lifelong dreams to see the inside of the bloody Gryffindor common room! It had been quite an interesting twenty-four hours, that's for sure. "Isn't that right, Draco?" said Potter, making him jump suddenly. "What?" said Draco, blankly. "Y-you aren't a pureblood supremacist, are you?" The boys all watched him with incredible fascination, anxiously awaiting his response. He looked around the room again. From what he'd so far gathered, all of them were purebloods, like him. Well, his cover story also meant that he was a pureblood. But unlike the many purebloods whom he'd shared dormitories with back in Slytherin, these boys did not have extreme ideals about blood relations and societal status. In fact, they seemed pretty relaxed about it. "I guess not," said Draco finally, with a slight shrug. "I haven't really given it much thought before." "Right, so like us then," said Potter, lazily. He was obviously pleased with the answer as he tossed in his bed and yawned loudly. "I suppose you're in Gryffindor for your bravery to get your sorting with all those first-years." Black let out a bark of laughter, which Draco tried to smile to but couldn't stop staring. "Well, g'night," said Potter. "See ya," said Black, turning in his own bed. Though, before the shadows of the now darkened room crept over his face, Draco caught sight of him looking directly at him with a kind of frown. It was clear that he was still very confused as to how they could be related. "Goodnight everyone!" said the scrawny boy, happily, and he jumped into his bed and pulled the blankets over himself quite enthusiastically. Lupin turned to Draco and gestured at the boy. "That's Peter by the way," he said. "But we call him Wormtail." Draco nodded. "And James is Prongs. And…I'm Moony." "Right," said Draco. "Uh, cool nicknames." "Yeah," smiled Lupin, looking thoroughly nostalgic. They sat in silence for the next couple of minutes. Draco's mind kept replaying his conversation with Dumbledore. He'd been so…unlike the Dumbledore he'd previously known...or would later know. It had been exceptionally difficult to talk to him, knowing what had happened between them only years later—Dumbledore standing atop the Astronomy Tower and Draco shakenly pointing his wand at him. But this Dumbledore did not need to know about what happened to that Dumbledore…at least not for now, anyways. In fact, once he'd realised how Draco had gotten here, this Dumbledore requested that Draco not reveal any more information to him about his older self…or his later self. Blimey, it was now starting to mess with his head. "I hope you weren't too weirded out by James and Sirius," said Lupin, suddenly. "They're just really curious lads. It's nothing personal." "Oh," said Draco, awkwardly. "Uh yeah it's fine." He dressed into the fresh pajamas he found in his trunk and crawled up into bed. Lupin dressed next and turned in his bed to face Draco. This was really weird. Draco had only ever really known him in the classroom, and in all those lessons, he'd thought he was weird. His face was always scratched and he dressed in shaggy wizard's robes all the time. But this strange new version of him—this teenage Lupin—was actually quite normal. Pleasant, even. It was all so new to Draco. "What?" said Lupin, noticing his stare. "Nothing," said Draco, looking away quickly. "Okay," said Lupin, slowly. "Well, goodnight then." "Night," said Draco. He turned his back on him and looked out at the starry sky in the window. Yep. Definitely not what he'd had in mind when he found out he'd gone back to the fall of 1976. And what's worse, he had no idea what to expect tomorrow. What on earth was this world going to be like? He turned to face the ceiling again and let his eyes slowly close, with Dumbledore's last words to him still ringing in his ears; " I don't doubt you have your reasons of being here, and so I hope you will not let the opportunity to do things different this time slide right by you. " "Don't worry," Draco pictured himself saying, as he slowly dosed off to sleep. "I won't." Thanks and please review with your thoughts on this first chapter of what will be quite a lengthy story!