he's gone." "I wouldn't say that to anyone outside of this house." Remus said softly. "Death threats are being taken very seriously at the moment… Funnily enough because of your appearance in the paper, although Dumbledore may be portrayed as an old crackpot at present, there are still far too many people who believe him to be the true leader of the Wizarding World to simply make him disappear." "What would you suggest then?" Harry asked, Ginny grasping his hand gently under the table, feeling his frustration. "You would need it to look like an accident or frame it on someone, like a well-known Death Eater." Neville said shocking many around the table. "Someone like Snape who is still a wanted man. But you would have to nail it perfectly, catch everyone off guard by it… Or you could do it as Harbinger and just make sure you are never linked to him." Neville laughed, but Harry could tell there was an ounce of seriousness to it. "We need to be very VERY! Careful about that Nev." Harry said, "They're already wanted, we cannot get linked to them, if we did we would be in hiding, and hunted actively by Death Eaters and Aurors alike." Neville just nodded then cuddled into Grace, not wanting to draw attention to her, he looked as though he was resigned to fighting from the shadows as Sicarius for now. Harry awoke early to the sunlight on Ginny's Birthday. His Birthday had come and passed uneventfully, he told the others he would prefer not celebrate it. They had another Dinner at Potter Manor where a few more guests came. Ginny however, Harry had planned for. It was to be a surprise Birthday Dinner at Potter Island. As Harry made his way out to the Kitchen he stopped, smiling at the portrait of his parents. He had purchased the additional frame as they had requested so they could visit the Island, spending time with both their son and daughter-in-law and their friends. Ginny awoke to an empty bed, the smell of breakfast cooking and Harry singing in the kitchen as he was doing so. She felt through the bond he was deliriously happy making her almost giddy with excitement. She put on one of Harry's shirts and made her way out to the kitchen, she froze in the doorway. She always loved seeing Harry half naked, however he had almost fully grown now, he had the body of a well-toned athlete, but the scars definitely made him look like a warrior. He was singing, cooking and throwing in a twist here and there, as he saw Ginny come in, he smirked, walked over and grabbed her, spun her around, sinking Ginny into a dip then kissing her soundly causing her to go light headed. "Wow…" She whispered, "You certainly know how to treat a girl." "Happy birthday love." He responded with a cheeky smirk. Ginny simply kissed him with a broad smile. "Breakfast is ready for you darling." Ginny was bubbly now, feeding off Harry's high, and happy because he was happy serving her for her special day. Harry lifted the cloth he had laying across the food, revealing chocolate chip pancakes with strawberries and ice cream, and bacon and egg rolls. To Harry's surprise Ginny took some of each and tucked in with a rather large smile in his direction. "Do you have anything in particular you would like to do today, Gin?" Harry asked, mouth full she simply looked up and shook her head, Harry chuckled at her. "Very well, we will go with what I have planned then." He said with a large smile in return. After they had finished the breakfast Harry had prepared, and dressed for the day the pair left and spent the day in Muggle London. Just enjoying their time together they saw a movie, ate lunch and spent some of the day shopping, then went for a long walk in the park, arms around each other, obvious to any that they were deeply in love. Harry and Ginny appeared in Potter Manor where they had a lovely outdoor dinner with the Muggle Girls, The Flamels, Sirius and Amelia, Remus, Minerva, Hermione, Neville and the Twins. She received various Defensive books from Hermione and Neville, as well as joke products from the twins, a broom servicing kit, and some chaser's gloves from Sirius and Amelia. Remus had copied the book he had mentioned about Merlin's Magic, for which she thanked him profusely. Minerva had given a shared gift between herself and Harry of a book on the Animagus transformation and the potions to find out if they were capable of becoming Animagii. The Flamels gave both her and Harry another shared gift, an ancient book of wards hand written by Godric Gryffindor. The present Harry had gotten her thought brought a tear to her eye, it was a photo album made from his memories, depicting moments they had shared together. As she flicked through it she saw images of her and him kissing in the Chamber of Secrets, Auras surrounding them. The pair of them holding each other close in on the boat in Australia for Valentine's Day, and other private memories. She clutched the book to her chest and worked on regaining her composure before she flashed him a tear filled smile and kissed him deeply. They spent the rest of the evening sitting closely as they enjoyed cake and chatter with the others, it was moments like these that made them forget what had brought them here and that there was in fact a war beginning in the name of Voldemort. A/N. I have some surprises in store for this series. I have managed to get the editing for the conversion from word document to here, reasonably intact. It is still taking some time to get it up to a readable level. If you enjoyed it or have some constructive criticism let me know in the reviews!