seems like you're an orally fixated slut. And now you're becoming an anal slut, aren't you? After tonight, which do you think you'll prefer?" gasped Hermione. The girl was seriously good with her tongue. "Hmm, I don't know Mistress. I do love giving and receiving oral sex. But anal is making a strong case right now," she said in between licks and moans. She now had two fingers twisting in Hermione's canal and when she wasn't licking the clit, she was rubbing it with her thumb. "Agh! Mistress! I need to cum. I'm going to cum!" as Neville pounds into her from behind. "Pansy, you must wait! If you come before either Neville or I do, you'll be my slut sub for a week!" chastised Hermione through moans and pants. Her orgasm was fast approaching. It looked like Neville might be closing in as well. "I can't! I can't hold off! Oh, OH, FUCK! I'M CUMMING! I'm sorry, I'm sorry Mistress," Pansy screamed through her orgasm. It didn't surprised Hermione at all that she was a screamer. She was, however, pleasantly surprised that she didn't squeal or shriek. She was also surprised that Pansy barely broke rhythm on her pussy as she screamed out her orgasm. The only thing that stopped was the licking of her clit, but she was using her thumb wonderfully instead. God, the girl was talented… but just as she thought something was missing, Pansy moved another finger down the crack to her bum and pressed a finger to her sphincter as she flicked her tongue rapidly against her clit and her two fingers were pistoning into her pussy. Hermione saw stars as she exploded, clamping her thighs around Pansy's head. Pansy slowed her administrations but kept them going as Hermione's muscles twitched around her fingers. Before Hermione came down from her high, Neville roared out his orgasm, accompanied by a slap on Pansy's bottom causing her to yelp and Hermione to giggle. Once she caught her breathe, Hermione untangled her legs from around Pansy and stood up. She quickly casted a spell to clean them up and she adjusted her skirt back into place. "That's it. Show's done. Time to leave," Hermione stated business-like to the audience as she levitated the piles of clothes over to the couple remaining on the chaise. Audible groans were issued from the audience, but most were up and queuing up to leave as it was getting close to curfew. Hermione turned back to Pansy and Neville who were slowly getting dressed as the rest took the hint to leave. "Thank you Neville for helping. I hope it was worth the exposure to a crowd," as she leaned forward to kiss him on the cheek. Neville turned just enough to catch it on the lips instead. "It literally was my pleasure Hermione. I wouldn't mind experimenting a bit more with you in the future, if you're so inclined. Preferably without the crowd though." Hermione hummed at the thought, "We'll have to talk specifics later," she said with a smile and a wink. He left with a wave to Pansy (because what do you say to someone you've just shagged, anally no less, yet haven't had a pleasant conversation with before) as Hermione approached her. "Pansy… I just wanted to thank you for agreeing to take part of my Consequence. While anyone could have filled it, it would have been missing something without you. And not only because you inspired it. You're reactions were worth having to perform it in front of an audience. Also, I wanted to let you know that while I intended to embarrass you in front of the audience, I ensured no one could embarrass you by telling anyone new," Hermione told her as they were the last two leaving the room. "What does that mean?" asked Pansy perplexed. "Good night Pansy," replied Hermione as she walked off towards Gryffindor Tower. The next morning, outside of the Great Hall, Pansy was waiting as Hermione came down for breakfast. "I think I realized what you meant last night. Theo and Blaise were talking about last night when I walked into the common room and it was just the three of us. But as soon as Draco showed up, they weren't able to tell him anything specific, despite really trying. That was some charm of yours, wasn't it?" demanded Pansy. "Yes, it was. Honestly, I did it to protect myself as much as I did it for you," replied Hermione. Pansy just stared at her. As she rolled her shoulders, Hermione caught a peek of her vow collar marking. "Pansy, you do realize your disobedience last night had the consequence of being my pet for week now, right?" added Hermione. "Yes. Honestly, the thought might have been what triggered my orgasm last night," confessed Pansy, who instantly looked shocked that she admitted that out loud. "You really are a slut, aren't you?" asked Hermione in amazement. "Only for the right people." "Only for me and whoever I deem for the next week. You answer to me sexually until we leave for break. And don't forget to show your respect, pet." "I'm looking forward to it, while frightened at the same time, Mistress," admitted Pansy. "Go eat. I'll contact you when I decide I want your sluttiness again," replied Hermione, dismissing the girl. "Yes, Mistress," said the girl demurely as she quickly walked away to the Slytherin table. Hermione followed her into the Great Hall but headed to her own house's table, choosing a seat next to Neville. She wanted to set up a time to talk to him. Professor McGonagall eyebrows shot up to her hairline as she spied matching marks on Miss Parkinson and Miss Granger. Maybe her eyesight was going. She couldn't fathom how those two could possibly be sporting those kinds of marks. She definitely needed to make an appointment at St. Mungo's over the break – there was just no way she saw that correctly.