friend, Leanne, a Hufflepuff, was listening to the other day. Eventually, feeling somewhat better, the girl opens her eyes. There is a soft smile on her lips because she's not as scared. However, the smile drops when she sees Max looking at her from the ground. His presence instantly annoys her, and instead of ignoring him, like she has been doing up until now, she flies towards him. His blue eyes don't leave her through her entire way. There is no hint in his expression to why he's there, which only annoys her further. The Hufflepuff's presence keeps bringing back memories that the two of them shared and constantly seeing him is making it hard for Katie to move on. As soon as she is standing again, she marches towards him and hisses, "What?'' He frowns. Instead of answering the question, Max says, "Are you alright?'' "I am. Now, why are you here?'' the Chaser replies, hating to waste time. Sighing, he crosses his arms over his chest and shrugs. "I wanted to check up on you.'' He can't possibly realize the affect he has on me, or else he wouldn't be doing this. Katie wants to yell or hit him, but she holds herself back. It's not the kind of person she is. Once, Leanne told the Chaser that if she hadn't been sorted into Gryffindor, she could have made a good Hufflepuff. "This isn't fair,'' Katie says and her voice breaks at the last word. Maximus frowns, finally showing some sort of emotions. He doesn't look confused. He seems sad and she hopes her words will make him back away. "Katie, I'm sor—'' the blond begins to say. " Don't ,'' she snaps at him. She heard his apology before, there is no need for him to repeat it. His shoulders drop in disappointment; however, he doesn't give up just yet. "I want to be there for you." A dry scoff escapes her lips and she takes a step closer to him. Their first and only kiss happened in a similar position, but she quickly pushes the memory to the back of her mind. "You missed your chance, so stop letting your concern for me get the best of you, because I'm not having any of this. Whatever happened between us is over." To her relief, Max purses his lips and nods. Not wanting to spend any more time in the same place with him, the Gryffindor moves past him and makes her way back to the castle. Ultimately, she would have been the one to stay, but the sun will set in a few minutes and dinner is about to start. Katie's chest feels heavier with every step she takes and she scolds herself for being affected by a guy she should forget. More accurately, she needs to forget all of their moments, the things that made him special for her. Forgetting is the only way she can take the blond out of her heart. Half an hour later, Katie enters the Great Hall, ready to comfort herself with food. She walks between the tables, looking for a familiar face at the Gryffindor table that she can sit next to. When she notices the Gryffindor Quidditch team in front of her—including Harry and Dean—she considers turning around and sitting away from them. However, Dean notices her before she can turn and approaches her. "Hi, we have some news for you,'' he says, smiling as he pulls her towards the other members of the team. Even though she feels uncomfortable with being around her replacer, his words make Katie curious and she follows him with a frown. Other people notice her and smile widely. The curly-haired girl feels confused with whatever is going on, but tries to smile back at them. "Harry, there she is. Tell her,'' Ginny says, looking excited. Katie glances at the Boy-Who-Lived just as he turns around to face her. All of the attention she is getting is making her uneasy and she raises her eyebrows questioningly at him. Harry, looking quite uncomfortable himself, smiles at her awkwardly. "We discussed your return and Dean decided to step away from the Chaser position,'' he explains. Her attention moves to Dean, and she protests. "You don't have to do that, really—'' The tall boy shakes his head and says, "It's your position, Katie. I don't want to be what stops you from playing Quidditch. Plus, whatever happens, the team can count on me as a reserve.'' As selfish as it feels, Katie is glad to hear the news. She pulls the younger boy into a hug and after chuckling, he hugs her back. "Thank you so much,'' she whispers. "There's nothing to thank me for,'' he replies. After that, she hugs Harry, and asks, "But you said it won't be best for the team, because they'll need to get used to me? What about that?'' "I don't think it will be a big problem. We've got a very skilled team, we'll make it work,'' he assures her. Katie smiles at him gratefully and says, "Thank you, Harry.'' It feels like a weight has been lifted off her chest, and she suddenly feels much more comfortable around the members of her team. After a few minutes of congratulating the Chaser, they all sit down at the table. All the people around her, along with the unofficial celebration of her return to the Gryffindor team, help Katie push aside the things that have been troubling her. However, with all of the attention that she has been getting, she meets Max's gaze from across the Great Hall. A half smile is gracing his features, yet it doesn't reach his eyes. Katie glances away. She wishes she could be over with the mixed emotions he makes her have. Hopefully, things in her life are falling back into place, yet she knows that it will take time until she'll be remotely the same person that she was before she was cursed.