her family about her first day, and the sorting. She added for her Grandfather that she decided to name her kitty Helga. Life at Hogwarts pressed on over the weeks. Aquila was top of her class in most of her subjects. She found History of Magic to be difficult. dragged on and on. There was somethings she had found to be interesting and was able to write notes only during these parts, but most of the time she would doodle on her parchment. Cedric on the other hand whom was sitting beside her was able to pay a bit more attion and would nudge at her if something that sounded aportent came up. She also was having a little trouble with transfiguration. Aquila asked Professor for extra lessons in Megamophases which she was glad to do. Tonks would often go with her, but did not need them as much as Aquila did. She found potions to be quite easy espacilly since her mother taught her many potions already. On Halloween Aquila looked forward to the feast, and to see the decorations. Her and Tonks went to the feast with matching orange and black hair and duck faces. All of the Hufflepuffs had a laugh at the different faces they made threw out the feast. " I think that from here on could teach you in Metamorphoses'." Professor Mc. Gonagall told Aquila after class. "You have progressed well and there is nothing more I can do that she Can't teach you." The Christmas holiday approached fast. Aquila and Cedric found Fred and George and there friend Lee Jordan on the train and set with them. They played exploding snaps and talked about their classes. It started to get dark and snow. Aquila noticed. " We should be there very soon, maybe we should get ready." Just as she said that the train beguine to slow down. Once back on the platform Aquila introduced, Katy to The Weasly twins, and Cedric to her mum and brother. In return she met both of their families. " See you after the holidays." Charlie called to Aquila as they walked to their car. Aquila, Katy, and Leo took a cab to the Leaky Cauldron where they like many other family's, used the Floo network to get home. "Thanks Tom." Katy said handing the bar man a couple of Gallions for the use of the floo network. Aquila told them all abut Hogwarts as they had a quick dinner. " Tomorrow we ae going to decorate." Said Leo in excitement. " He didn't want to do anything until you got home." Said Katy. " you are such a taughtful brother." Aquilla rubbed Leo on the head. " Maybe tomorrow we could go to Wonderland park and see the lights?" Asked Aquila in excitement. For Wonderland park was a festival of lights that came to town every year for Christmas. It was always her favorent tradition to go see the lights and come home to Hot coco and Christmas movies. " Your grandparents are going to take you tomorrow Sweetheart, but this year Leo and I can't go." Said Katy. " Why?" " I'm grounded." Leo replied. " What! What did you do?" " It doesn't matter what he did." Katy cut in. which then ended the subject. After dinner they decorated the house. An hour later they where sitting by there fire watching Rudolph. Leo had fallen asleep on Katy's lap. Leo was sitting on Aquila's bed. I know what is up in the attic." He whispered. " what!" " I went up there, that is why I'm grounded. " Katy opened the bedroom door. " What are you two doing?" she asked. For the rest of Christmas break they didn't get a chance to talk about what was in the attic. As she was getting on the train to go back, Leo whispered " I will send you a letter." They all hugged and Aquila jumped on and headed back to school. She sat with Fred and George Charlie had joined them this time on the trip. They sat and talked about their holiday. The next day Aquilla received a letter from Leo telling her about the pictures he found in a trunk, of little Aquila playing a big black dog apparently named snuffle. Aquila did not remember the dog at all. That was all that Leo found before he was caught. Aquila told Leo it was probably an old dog of gran and gramp 's. Leo wrote back saying that it wasn't taken on the farm, but in a city, Probably London. Aquila taught it threw for weeks. Soon letting it go it must have been a neighbor's pet. The cold weather turned into warmer. The students of Hogwarts where now studying and preparing for end of term exams s for Tonks and the other seventh years where preparing for N.E.W.T.s Easter was a nice break from classed but with the extra time it was mostly spent indoors studying. Aquila would take a few hours of a break each day of the holidays and spend the time outside with the Weasley twins. Exams came and gone and the last few days left at school they where free. Aquila spent as much of her days as possible with her friends. Fred, and George and her where found making mischief and exploring passageways which the twins seem to know very well for being at school for only a year. They would be outside and wade in the lake while the giant squid splashed them. Charlie the twins older brother would be tickling the its tentacles. The evenings would find her in the common room with Cedric and the rest of the Hufflepuffs. The last night there they had a feast. Slythrin had won the house cup " no surprise there" said Tonks The last night Aquila could not fall asleep she was sad to be leaving Hogwarts but was happy to be going home. The End