flooing to a fireplace in the Leaky Cauldron specifically meant for this purpose. And then they together, though he did pause to say hello to a witch he recognized from the Ministry, went into Diagon Alley, Donald tapping the specific brick with his wand. Leah had been to Diagon Alley before, accompanying Donald soon after he'd taken her in and before Vorky had been forced upon him. She'd been four, nearly five, and didn't remember many of the details. But what she had remembered – and what she'd tried to capture in drawings – were the colors. Each witch or wizard swarming the street brought with them a variety of colors, mixtures of Muggle and magical clothing, and pairing that with the shops created an onslaught for her senses. And it was wonderful. Leah never wanted to leave. Donald took her hand to ensure she didn't wander away, a gesture he only really did in public like this, and led her down the street to Gringotts. As someone half in the Wizarding world and half among Muggles, the money he carried tended to sway one way or another. It seemed that that day, he had more Muggle than Wizard and thus had to get the goblins of Gringotts to convert it for him. He kept her beside him as he went to the goblin in question, forced to wait in a line of Muggle-borns and their parents exchanging money for the first time. There were a few witches or wizards scattered among them, seeming to be official Ministry employees attempting to make the experience as easy as possible. One of the Muggle-born, a girl who looked around Leah's age, waved at her enthusiastically as she passed, parents led by a harried looking wizard. She turned to watch the girl leave, only for her attention – and that of quite a few people in line with her – to be caught by a man larger than any Leah had seen before hurrying through the bank. A boy, around her age again, trailed behind him, looking rather amazed about the entire affair. Leah would have thought he was a Muggle-born too if it weren't for the fact he was going to the goblins in charge of the general Gringotts vaults. "Time to go," Donald said, taking Leah's hand again to bring her out of the bank. As every member of her family had gone to Hogwarts before, there was a general pool of books and equipment available for all Flint children to use when it came their time, though the majority of them did tend to buy their own anyway, as they generally had the money to do so. Donald had decided that she'd get fresh potions equipment and new editions of a few of the books, but they had enough of everything else. One thing Leah would get herself, for certain, was a wand. Donald saved that for last, Leah joining him as he purchased various things both he needed and Vorky had requested. He did promise that, if she did good in her first year, he'd get her an owl for her second and let her look around the Owl Emporium to get an idea of what type she'd want the next year. But then it was time. Then they were entering Ollivander's, a bell going off to announce their arrival. It looked empty at first, just lined as far as Leah could see with wand boxes, but then Ollivander himself appeared. "Ah, hello, Miss Snape." He smiled at Leah. "I thought I'd be seeing you soon." He looked up to Donald. "Mr. Flint, yes. Fir with a unicorn's hair core, thirteen inches, stiff?" Donald nodded. "Still serves me well." "Yes, a good wand, a good wand." Back to Leah. "Now, let's see." He waved a hand and a tape measure started measuring various points of Leah. She glanced at Donald, but he nodded, so she stayed motionless, even as Ollivander vanished back into the piles of wands. He returned with a caramel colored wand in hand. "Walnut and unicorn's hair. Nine inches. Stiff. Try it." Leah took it and instantly knew that the natural coldness of her fingers deepened. When she flicked the wand, nothing happened. "Ah, no, I thought not." Ollivander took the wand back, searching for another. The one he returned with was paler, the grip stained darker. "Willow and dragon's heartstring. Ten inches. Slightly whippy." That time, when she touched it, Leah was overcome with a mixture of giddiness and a pull in her gut. A flick summoned wisps of light that she swore smelled like Vorky's lemon candies. "Yes, yes, far more sense," Ollivander nodded, placing the wand in the box for her. "Eight galleons." Donald gave him the necessary coins. "Enjoy your time at Hogwarts, Miss Snape." "Thank you," she said, smiling, and they left the store together, Leah holding tightly to her wand. She'd never really touched a wand before. She'd played with Donald's when she was little and he wasn't yet used to not leaving a wand lying about when there was a young child in the house. Gave Vorky quite a fright when he'd come in to find her stuck to the ceiling. Donald had been careful to keep his wand away from her since then. But now she had her own. Now she was going to go to Hogwarts and learn how to use it and channel all that bubbling inside her that she swore was magic. That she knew was magic. She was going to Hogwarts. A/N: Hello and welcome! In honor of it being September 1, 2017, I decided to post the first chapter of The Bloodline Chronicles. This story will follow Celaeno Victoria Snape, nicknamed Leah by most people, Cela by her mother, and dove by Donald (after the Pleiades Celaeno of Greek mythology). Sit back and enjoy this journey through the life of a strange little girl who is determined to be a Slytherin. Thank you.