into someone. Stabilizing herself on said person as she looked up, she exclaimed, "So sorry Zabini! Didn't see you there." "That would be apparent Granger. Merlin, why do you smell like Thestral dung?" asked Zabini as he stepped back a couple of steps to allow some much needed breathing room. "Sorry," Hermione grimaced. "I was elbows deep in fertilizer that I strongly believe was mostly Thestral dung up until quarter an hour ago. Scourify only seems to take the top layer of stench off. I'm on my way to the bath to get the rest of it off now." "Oh! I might be willing to put up with stench for the chance to join you. What say you Granger?" Zabini smirked as he gave her his best bedroom eyes. Hermione wasn't having it though. "Why would you be interested in that? Don't you have a bunch of chits waiting for any kind of attention from you? Why not seek out one of them? I can guarantee any of them would smell much better and they'd be more enthusiastic at the opportunity to bag the giant heartthrob that is… you," she said with a roll of her eyes. "You mock, but I've been told I'm quite good," pressed Zabini, mostly seriously. "I'm sure. But that doesn't answer my question. Why are you bothering to flirt with me?" asked Hermione as she started walking again. She really wanted to wash this stink off of her. If that meant Zabini would accompany her part of the way, so be it. But she refused to stand in this filth any longer than necessary! Zabini quickly caught up to her, but gave her plenty of space. She suspected that it was all due to her current aroma. He had a bit of a reputation of being more "hands-on" with his attempts of persuasions. Not that she heard of him crossing any lines, but she was less confident in her ability to rebut physical advances when she's horny and physically tired like she was right now. All morning she had thought of situations to put Pansy through and that made her more aroused than she was used to lately. And then her evening spent in the greenhouse with Neville talking about the different things they were interested in exploring to see how much of an overlay they had. And that boy…No. Man! Well, he was fit! Just watching his muscles while he worked made her a bit weak in the knees. And she liked Neville. She doesn't fancy him, though. At least, not yet. He seemed to feel the same way. So they decided to see how "things went." Hermione had to clarify though, so that means if an opportunity presented itself to both of their liking, they would explore it. If not, then they wouldn't have to worry about making their friendship awkward. But the talk and watching him most definitely affected her. And now Zabini's flirting. She's never been so happy to smell like dung. It made her feel decidedly unsexy… actually, disgusting… and that alone was currently keeping her from doing something she would likely regret three seconds after it happened. Zabini finally spoke, bringing her out of her thoughts, "To be candid, as I think you'd likely appreciate it more, I thought you were entirely too proper to consider until the party. Then you showed this surprising side and I'm genuinely interested. I'm not interested in a relationship beyond sexual experimentation, but I think we could have several pleasurable rendezvous'. With me, you could try a variety of new experiences and you would afford me someone new who has indicated interest in variety and may even teach me a new trick or two that you found in an obscure book. I think there's mutual benefit to be had." Hermione cocked her head to the side to think about it before looking at him a bit skeptically and saying, "That might be the case, but what makes you think I'll take your word for it? We don't know each other personally. Why would I want to know you intimately?" "Your personal knowledge of Pansy was horrific and now you know her intimately, so that argument doesn't hold well," replied Zabini. "Except that she's my submissive. I hold the reigns in that relationship. While she holds some power, but it's really only to say no to whatever she's uncomfortable with. I'm leading the whole thing. Are you suggesting you'd do the same?" replied Hermione. "No…" replied Zabini. "I would not be willing to be a submissive. We could be equals though. While I wouldn't be opposed to helping you explore your submissive side, if you ever wished, I wasn't fantasizing that type of relationship. I could draw up a list of things I have experience in that I'd be willing to share with you, if you're at all interested. Otherwise, why would I waste my time?" They were nearing the dorms, so Hermione wanted to wrap it up. "I'm not convinced, but that wouldn't have happened now anyways. I don't want to have a sexual relationship with someone I will regret after each encounter. And since you alluded to the potential of several encounters between us, I propose this: I will contemplate a sexual relationship with you, no promises mind, if you do two things for me," replied Hermione. "This sounds lopsided to me already, but I'm listening," replied Zabini. "First, I would like to spend some time with you to get to know you. If we discover we can't stand each other, it's probably a no-go, but there will be no hurt feelings. If we get along fairly decently, then we can talk particulars," proposed Hermione. "Sounds reasonable," commented Zabini. "The other is more of a favor, although I don't think it will cause you any inconvenience and you may rather enjoy it…" lead Hermione. Blaise just cocked his eyebrow. "How good are you with breaking off foreplay right before orgasm?" asked Hermione.