there was always a balance. They couldn't take much of your money, or allow others to do it, because they were too closely monitored. After all, in the Muggle World everyone knew just how untrustworthy the person next to you was. Aside from the numbers not adding up – Harry had a more than considerable amount of money. He made it quite clear to the goblins that he would be taking everything out of their establishment as far as money went, though the books and properties could stay under their management. The goblins were unhappy and panicked at the fact the boy was taking the majourity of his assets out of the bank, but the hardened eyes couldn't be argued with. Harry left that bank with a check for over three million pounds, or 3,735,148 dollars. To say that the banker he'd made a new account with in the Muggle World was shocked would be an understatement. Harry knew that humans in general couldn't be trusted with a large amount of money being suddenly thrust onto them. That's why people who won the lottery always fared so poorly. It was also, why Harry knew better than to frivolously spend any majour amounts of money. Instead, the Potter had a banker assigned to his assets and instructed them to start investing one third of his money, as to make some return on the money. Otherwise it might get withered away in taxes and continued expenses. A credit card in hand, Harry left that bank with a small smirk pulled to the corner of his mouth. He honestly felt rather accomplished, and he liked the feeling. It hadn't been that hard to pull off, a little bit of exasperation over the fact that people assumed him to be so young, and he was set. Properly pulling off a lie was mostly about the amount of confidence that was placed in it – That wasn't books talking, but rather, experience. ... Three laptops, a smart phone, and a whole wardrobe later, Harry was about ten-thousand pounds down. Which honestly didn't bother him much. Perhaps that was the problem people with money gained? He'd have to be more careful, but that was beside the point. Most of the wardrobe consisted of long sleeve black shirts and black, extremely fitted jeans. Perhaps a trait that he'd gained from the character from the book he enjoyed the thought of emulating. Or, perhaps, it was simply because it was the clothing to wear should be go through with his plans of wearing Muggle Clothing to Hogwarts. A nice pair of fitted, black, high-top sneakers had done him wonders as well. Now the only thing that needed dealing with was his glasses. Toward which, Harry had his dear Auntie produce an appointment for, after he promised that he would pay the expenses. Contacts would work wonders, in both protection because they couldn't be used against him, but also in looks. Harry could feel himself becoming slightly more vain... Which didn't bother him at all. ... By the end of the summer Harry was caught up with any other student his year in all subjects, not bothering to learn the fourth year stuff, instead using that time to learn Wizarding Law and Runes, as well as the Muggle subjects that interested him. He'd gotten the laptop to work, although it hadn't been an easy process. He'd gone through far more than the original two, has he forced himself to admit. Once he had the idea down though, he easily enough got his phone to work as well. Now he just needed the information that he planned to use. This was something that would take several years, Harry was sure, so at first, he would need to keep on a strict goal on Sirius as opposed to his plan to be like the character he found so appealing. Even the young Potter knew that he had overworked himself a ridiculous about in the past few months, it would be nice to attempt the impossible. A long but normal year at Hogwarts – A year that even the likes of Harry James Potter could be nothing more than a normal student. At least, that was what said boy was hoping for. At this point, the misanthrope had learned not to expect so much of the people around him. And what a sad thing that was. There was also an interesting little scant of information on the existence of Metamorphmagus' and just what it meant in reaction to the young information hunter. When he was young, Harry could remember growing back his hair in to time at all in order to avoid embarrassment at the hands of his peers. When reading about the Metamorphmagus ability in his Transfiguration text book – Harry guessed that he might have a lesser potent version of the ability. A little bit of playing around and Harry realized that he could actually tame his hair with the ability! He could also move his scar with intense concentration, and change his eye colour. He could change his hair colour as well, but any majour changes to his composition where beyond him. Full Metamorphmagus could change their whole body, including their gender. It was, perhaps, one of the soon to be fourth years most useful abilities that he'd found. The discovery had him permanently removing his scar, keeping his hair straightened, and his eyes turned a deep red at most times. The character from the book showing deeply on his looks as well. In fact, Harry could say he'd pass as a little brother of that character when he looked in the mirror. Perhaps he actually considered the character something of an older brother as well. After all, he'd saved Harry from not only potential mediocrity, but also the cesspool that was politics. R&R Anything in particular that you guys would like to see in the coming chapters? Let me know and I shall try my bets to accommodate.