storm as much as he could. His ministrations to the potion complete, he stowed away his things and embarked on the careful climb up the ladder into the girls' bathroom. He had found the ladder during a careful survey of the premises, making sure there were no other entrances or monsters left by old man Slytherin. He'd found the ladder, which led to a concealed door in the wall of the bathroom, and was certainly a hell of a lot easier to use than climbing up the slide. He grinned as he crept into the corridor. His plan was almost to fruition. Thanks to the Half-Blood Prince and his own careful planning, the potion would be ready by midnight tonight, over two days before the original recipe would finish. One more night's excursion and it would would all fall into place. "I think Harry might have gone straight to lunch," Ron declared, sliding his work into his bag and straightening up. "I'm hungry, anyway." "Meet you there," Hermione smiled and turned back to her arithmetic. She liked Ron as a friend, even as a brother, but it was clear he valued her company in a much more endearing way than that, and she quite simply didn't reciprocate. She just wasn't into the tall, gangly type. Harry was a bit shorter, but he had gotten muscled and his features had sharpened. He looked more like a man than Ron, who still maintained his boyish looks. "So, Hermione, you're not going to lunch with your boyfriend?" inquired a lilting voice from behind her. Lavender Brown was unpacking some work, grinning at her teasingly. Hermione rolled her eyes. It was just some innocent fun the Gryffindor girls liked to poke, but it sure got tiring. "I could ask the same about you and Mister Finnigan," she said, provoking a snort in response. "Nah. Try fingering yourself to him; it doesn't really click." "Shut up!" Hermione giggled, glancing around to make sure they were alone in the common room. "And I can finger myself anyway I want." "Fingering?" said Parvati Patil, stepping off the staircase. She raised her eyebrows and said, "Pardon me, but did I hear Seamus Finnigan, and fingering in the same sentence?" That doesn't seem like a match to me." "I know," squealed Lavender, her face wrinkling with mirth. Hermione grinned. As much as she tried to be above them, these immature discussions always entertained her. It was nice to let go of wizarding sophistication and just wallow in some teenage fun. "How about Dean, though?" she said, dropping the name of the boy all the girls secretly adored. "I haven't looked under his robes recently, but I don't think it's his wand I'm seeing in there." " Recently?!" Lavender Brown burst out laughing. "It was a figure of speech!" "Oh, it better have been, Miss Granger, or you'll have some explaining to do!" Harry crept through the castle, alone, for the second night that week. He had had to fight himself the whole day to keep his excitement from showing. Now, he could let the tension out. He raced to the bathroom, the cloak flapping around him. Through the sink, down the slide, into the Chamber before Moaning Myrtle could even open her eyes. His heart pounded as he approached the cauldron. He had deliberately made the original potion of attraction in class, on the pretense of mishearing Professor Slughorn, so he would have a frame of reference. The original potion had been a light lavender color. His was more of a orchid/lilac shade. He hoped that was because of how much more potent it was. He skimmed his instructions diagram a final time, making sure every step had been followed, then folded it and tucked it away. From his bag, he pulled a potion flask, cast a cleaning spell on it just to be safe (cross-potion contamination is very dangerous) and carefully dipped it into the cauldron. Harry hadn't thought about quantity at first, but he had realized that the standard amount of potion one consumed, according to the book, was one glass, and he had about two gallons of it in the cauldron. He also didn't know how long the effects would last. His textbook listed the duration of maximum potency at 4 hours, when one would exude the maximal aura of charisma and be the most artificially attractive. The Prince's potion, if Harry was correct, would not only enhance the effects to the level of extremely powerful aphrodisiacs, but would also lengthen the duration to a whopping 24 hours. The night and the morning after, and maybe the night again, Harry grinned to himself. He considered the purple potion in his hand for a moment, reflecting idly on the many possibilities that awaited him among the crowd of Hogwarts girls. Then he tipped the beaker to his lips and gulped the concoction down. It had the texture of a fruit smoothie, but it was warm, and the taste was more like a butterbeer. He finished the drink and set the beaker down, ready to steady himself on the potion stand if he became dizzy. The only effect he could feel was a slight tingling in his limbs, and a sensation of warmth, like he'd drunk a mug of hot tea quite fast. After another minute, he felt sure any severe side effects would have materialized. He extinguished the low burn under the cauldron, cast a bubble charm to keep the potion clean, and turned to begin the long climb back into the castle. As Harry climbed off the ladder, he checked his watch - it was only ten o' clock. School curfew declared that all students had to be in their dormitories by 10 PM, and not leave before 6 AM. It was a Sunday evening, however, and most students would probably go to bed early to be rested for Monday. But Harry was sure there was one workaholic girl whom he could give a nighttime visit...