sat up so he could watch Robert's reaction, needless to say he was not displeased with the roll of the eyes and the breathless 'bloody...hell' that followed. Robert's hands gained purchase on Remus' back his clean nails digging into Remus' flesh reminding him that he was alive just as he added another finger to the invasion and stroked its target again. His own eyes seemed to roll when he felt a small amount of fluid roll down his back and he knew that it had to be blood from the pressure he was being held at and the smell of copper. He bent forward his hair falling in his face as beads of sweat from holding back trickled down his skin and some fell onto the slightly tan skin beneath him mingling with Robert's own salty drops. Remus twisted his fingers slightly causing his own neat but not recently trimmed nails to scrape along the inside of the now stretched flesh as he sat back on his haunches, then bent his head forward so that he could swipe the pearlescent drop of precum off the engorged head of the penis in front of him, his left hand still stroking the heated flesh. When he no longer felt like he could hold back and could sense that Robert was on the edge of breaking he removed his right hand altogether and squeezed a generous amount, even though he was sure he wouldn't need so much, onto his own neglected member all the while continuing to stroke Robert. Once he was satisfied that he'd used enough lubricant, he looked down at the body beneath his before locking eyes with the man fortunate to have been at the Hogshead that night. At his nod, Remus slammed into him, not worried about breaching the etiquette or the body he was now penetrating. With a howl he began thrusting in and out before altering the speed and length of the thrusts so that he was hitting Robert's prostate intermittently and not allowing him to become accustomed to any kind of pattern. Remus was going to make sure that Robert found it hard to sit let alone walk in the morning. He could absently feel Robert's fingers scrabbling for purchase now that the mattress was physically moving off the bed frame they were rocking so hard and the cheeks sheathing him began to clench as Robert moaned and bucked against him creating a wonderful friction. Remus bit his lip as he positioned himself so that he could place Robert's legs up on his shoulders and slam into him at an angle. He tilted his own head back as he grunted, letting his hair fall back and move gently across his flesh sliding across the fresh red crescent shaped marks. God, Remus didn't know how much longer he could hold on. Having mindless sex without a worry about what would happen when it was over and mixing the slight amount of pain with the intense pleasure had renewed his sense of being able to live. He lived with pain every month but never knew it could actually induce a euphoric pleasure. It was intoxicating and Remus wanted nothing more than to be able to achieve his release. He was granted that chance when he felt the hot fluid that could only be Robert's release coat his hand and he looked down to watch as it spattered Robert's belly and shoulder, some actually hitting the other man's bottom lip. Remus' body convulsed at the sight and he bent forward licking the release and enjoying the bitter taste as he plundered the waiting mouth and emptied his own release into the willing arse below him. Remus slumped forward his erratic panting opposite of Robert's. He rested his forehead on Robert's shoulder briefly before letting the other man lower his legs and sliding out. After a moment, he rolled over to the side and flopped his right arm across his forehead. "Brilliant...bloody...brilliant," seemed to come from the happy and now apparently sated Robert as Remus snorted. He hadn't spoken much to Robert except to get him into a bed, so why start now? Robert laughed heartily and glanced up at Remus his eyes sparking mirthfully, "You're not much for words now are you?" He shook his head, "Nevermind, you aren't going to answer that." Remus smiled at him, the guy was at least somewhat perceptive. He watched as Robert stood up and winced. Remus couldn't help the smirk that slid across his face as he sprawled out in his naked glory and basked in the after glow that was a well needed orgasm. "Don't look so smug. It will go away." Robert moved slowly and gathered up his clothes placing them on the bed, he watched Remus as he got dressed and couldn't help but notice the feint lines around the man's eyes and mouth. "You don't get out much do you? Can I see you again?" Remus frowned as he studied the man. What could it hurt? The release and the contact had been enjoyed. But he knew it couldn't happen again...he was a werewolf after all. He waited till the other man was fully dressed and watching him expectantly. "I don't think it would be a good idea. I trust you know how to find your way home." He let his eyes indicate how sorry he was before turning his head away. When he heard the feint crack that indicated an apparition, he knew the other man was gone and he could lay there in silence, alone and drift. At least he had found out that he could live again. It wasn't forbidden to enjoy himself. Or take the lead, he could be free, if only he could actually love and feel loved in return. But, tomorrow would at least be a new day, with a new outlook. With that thought in mind and a small smile, Remus J. Lupin drifted off into a night without any dreams.