do not trust you, they would do anything to unseat you, and all because you're a woman" "What about Alecto?" "She is only there because of her brother, therefore she isn't a threat, you are unpredictable and dangerous, should you fail, well, I don't care to imagine what would happen" His words hung in the air, he was right, there was no denying it, what harm could come from talking to the man, once she was in possession of all the facts, then she could decide how to act. "I'm listening" "I want you to help me" "How? Get to the point, I'm growing tired of your bullshit" "Stay away from Godric's Hollow and Little Whinging" "We have no plans to attack Godric's Hollow, and the magical community in Little Whinging is of no consequence, why and what's in it for me?" "I'm not going to reveal all my cards just yet, I don't know if I can trust you yet" "You are taking a risk right now, what makes you think I'll keep your secret?" "As a show of good faith, I will provide you with your potions, no questions asked" "If you think ridding me of pain is a worthy price, you're very much mistaken" "Very well, in regards to your upcoming marriage to Monsieur Lestrange, I hear you aren't best pleased at the prospect of this union" "It hasn't been announced yet, Narcissa needs to learn to keep her mouth shut, I will perform my duty as a Black and fulfil the wishes of our Lord" "Perhaps, but I think you'll be grateful of my help, I know the family and I warn you, Rodolphus likes to break his women, he's no where near as sadistic or brutal as Rabastan, you will be quite the catch, and you will tow the line one way or another, and that would be such a waste" He reached into his robes and removed a tiny vial, it looked empty, the faintest glints of silver caught the light and as she stared at the contents the solution became more visible, it pulsed between its colours as if it wasn't really there, she'd never seen anything like it. "What is that?" she asked, her curiosity getting the better of her anger "It's a concoction of my own design, providing you can administer this to your husband once a week, he'll never lay a hand on you, believing instead that you are every bit the loving and doting wife, it's untraceable, and his memories would pass even the most skilled Occlumens' scrutiny, I shall keep you stocked, what do you say?" It was almost too good to be true, he didn't resist as she skilfully entered his mind searching for deception, she found none, the deal was made and he placed the potion in her hand. Before she departed her initial request was granted, she drank the potion in one go and tossed the empty bottle at him, he caught it with the skill of a seeker. He was surprised when she suggested performing the unbreakable vow to safeguard each other. They shared a drink and he spoke briefly about his love for a muggleborn witch called Lily Evans. They had forged an unlikely friendship and decided that in the presence of others they would maintain an air of hostility, it was safer that way. (Scene Break) Snape re-entered the room and sighed heavily at the sight before him, Bella was swigging wine from the bottle and despite her usual attire of full skirts and corset her seating position was less than ladylike. As he passed her on the way to his chair he slapped her leg, she spluttered and coughed on her mouthful of wine at the shock, she sat up and glared at him with streaming eyes, after wiping her mouth with her hand and drying her eyes she threw a few choice expletives at him punctuated with a raised middle finger, Severus barely raised an eyebrow in response. "I'm not sure why you wanted me to come here tonight, I can't change his mind, he believes the prophecy points to the Potters, I was surprised he chose a half-blood over the pure-blood" "You're the only person who knows about Lily, I was convinced he'd go after the Longbottoms, I'm going to see Dumbledore" "Sev, are you out of your mind? Why would he even entertain the idea of helping you?" "I can give him information, he can try and hide them" "He already is hiding them, Sirius told me, he couldn't say who the secret keeper is, but it's not him" "How did the order find out he'd chosen the Potters?" The witch sat forward and offered the remains of the bottle, he took it from her and drank, he set the bottle on table, only then did he see the smile on the woman's face. "After the meeting I owled Sirius anonymously, he never mentioned it, maybe he couldn't" She could see the gratitude on his face, tears flowed freely down his face and his body was shaking, he moved to stand. "Don't even think about hugging me, we've been friends for a long time but I will hex you" He sagged back into his chair and held up a hand in acknowledgement of the threat, no matter how idle it might have been. The sofa creaked as Bellatrix settled back, she hiked up her right leg and began methodically untying and unlacing her boot, she repeated the process with the left, she tucked her legs up and arranged her skirts. "What now?" "We wait, Sirius will contact me when he can, we might get lucky" "I meant now" "Well, you are going to get some sleep, I need to sleep, it's been a long night, we can talk more in the morning, things might be clearer then, and if you are adamant about going to Dumbledore, I won't stop you and I'll cover for you if needs be."