a half-choked sound that sounded like "korrwumhphh" before he doubled over in pain and fell down. Dudley and Aunt Petunia screamed and rushed towards him, momentarily taking their eyes off Harry and the Weasley sisters. Ronnie and Ginny seized the opportunity to scatter, with Ronnie rushing over to Harry, who was standing there in total shock. "C'mon," she panted, grabbing his hand. "We're leaving! Ginny, run!" They stormed upstairs and into Harry's room, where Hedwig flapped her wings and screeched excitedly against them from the window. About twenty seconds later, Ginny came storming through the door as well, slamming it behind her. "Hurry up!" she panted. "They're coming!" Ronnie didn't miss a beat. Racing over to the window, she saw to her relief that the Ford Anglia was still hovering just outside. "Get in the car!" she commanded. "Hedwig —" "Let her fly beside us," said Harry. "She hasn't stretched her wings in ages! Er, you girls get in front, I'll get in the back!" Hedwig hooted and nipped his finger affectionately, and seemed to agree with this plan before taking to her wings and flying out the window. The Weasley sisters had just got into their places, Ronnie behind the wheel and Ginny in the passenger's seat, and Harry was on the windowsill and about to climb into the car, when the door to the bedroom was torn open, and all three Dursleys stormed in. "STOP THERE! YOU'RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE WITH THOSE HUSSIES! " Uncle Vernon screamed, sounding like he'd completely lost his mind. Harry was halfway in the car already, but Uncle Vernon had jumped forth with a roar and — Ronnie saw in the side mirror — managed to grab Harry's leg. Ginny shrieked. But then, like a white streak of lightning, Hedwig was attacking Uncle Vernon, flying straight at his face, scratching and pecking and making him let go of Harry. "Effing - owl!" He tried to hit at her, but Hedwig was too fast for him, and sailed elegantly away and into the night while Harry scrambled all the way into the car, and Ronnie stepped on the gas so the car took off and flew away. "Come back!" they heard Uncle Vernon's voice grow fainter behind them as they sped up. "I mean it, Potter! If you leave now, we're DONE with you! As long as I live, you'll never set foot in this house again!" "And good riddance," said Ronnie firmly, speeding up and flying higher, eager to put as much distance between them and Privet Drive as possible. "I'm going to buy Hedwig a ton of owl treats." Harry sat up in the back seat - a little out of breath, but unhurt. "Of course, it helps that it was Uncle Vernon, she hates him... he was the one who made her sit in that cage all Summer..." Then, his green eyes filled with worry. "I think he meant what he said. I won't be able to go back there." "Good!" said Ronnie. "I knew your family was horrible, Harry, but not that they were this bad. We'll manage somehow, you stay at Hogwarts for most of the year anyway. And in the Summer you can live with us; Mum and Dad already love you, I'm sure they'll say yes, you can have Bill's old room..." "But my Hogwarts things." said Harry. "My wand and my Invisibility Cloak. Everything's still back with the Dursleys. I can probably replace most of it, but my wand... and the Invisibility Cloak..." "Oh." Ronnie looked back at the vanishing Privet Drive. She didn't think it's do much good to turn around now; without magic there wasn't much they could do to retrieve Harry's things. Of course, Harry could get a new wand, and new Hogwarts things, he did have the money for it, but the Cloak was special. It had belonged to his father; just about the only keepsake Harry had after him. Nothing for it, then, they had to go back straight away, no way she was leaving it with those Muggles — Ginny grinned triumphantly. And then, from wherever she had hidden it, she pulled out a familiar-looking bundle of silvery-gray cloth. It shone mysteriously in the moonlight as she wordlessly handed it to Harry. Along with, another surprise; a long thin wand made of holly. Harry's face lit up, his eyes widening in pleasant surprise and shock behind his glasses. "You — you got them! How —?" "You clever little minx!" Ronnie exclaimed, feeling an immense sense of pride in her sister. "You grabbed them from Harry's trunk when we ran upstairs!" Ginny nodded. "Only had time to grab those two things, but I thought they were the most important..." She slowly turned red as Harry stared at her. "You're a marvel! " said Harry, and looked like he meant it, as he clutched his two most prized possessions. This, however, was too much for Ginny. "Squeak! " she said, and curled up in her seat, hiding herself from him and blushing more fiercely than ever before. Harry looked confused, but Ronnie just sighed. "Not again. And she's been doing so well too." TO BE CONTINUED... Author's Note: And that's the start of Weasley Girl: Secrets of the Past! There'll be adventure, excitement, maybe a little horror, and more deviations from canon! This first chapter is actually one of the reasons for the switching of POV from Harry to Ronnie; I knew that Ronnie, like canon Ron, would get worried about Harry and stage a rescue, but that she'd ally herself with Ginny rather than Fred and George - and since Harry's Summer with the Dursleys would play out exactly like in canon, Dobby and all, it was much more interesting to look at the scene from Ronnie's viewpoint. Besides, it gave me the opportunity to write the Weasley sisters as a team. Oh, and yes: Dudley's comment about a harem is a slight reference to all those Harry/Harem fics out there.