fetched theory and Hermione liked all the facts normally, hence the reason she hadn't believed Harry about his cloak theory at first. However, this had to be the weirdest situation ever, and being from Hogwarts, that meant a lot. Hadn't she once fought a troll in a bathroom? And that was the least crazy thing she had done with the other members of the 'golden trio', as she had heard some people in the DA call them. Some of her best memories had been with that group, watching her friends grow from young children into grim, war-hardened adults. But it had also been some of the saddest times. Innocence had been broken that year, and many new scars had bitten deep into the members. She hadn't known Colin Creevy well, but his face floated into her mind. He had been so brave. Neville was another, she supposed. At first, he was chubby cheeks and fumbled spells, yet he blossomed into a strong, courageous lion. She supposed war really did define a person ~It takes ten times as long to put yourself back together as it does to fall apart~ She looked down the arrow, sighting straight to their hearts. It would be ridiculously simple, with just a single release, to kill them. Just like she killed Coin. He fingers fumbled, eyes shutting in a vain attempt to block out the memories. She didn't hear the steps, nor the attempted reassurances in a different languages. It wasn't until an arm touched hers that her eyes shot open. She swung the bow to the girl in front of her, faltering as English filtered into her ears. "Hey, hey, calm down, alright? I don't know about them, but I'm not going to hurt you. I'm not even supposed to be here." She loosened the string, yet didn't slide the arrow from its nock. Better to be safe than sorry, after all. Katniss glanced to the side, noticing the girl in the strange outfit. It seemed like what someone from Panem would wear, but of higher quality and not so… garish. "I'm Tris." "Katniss," she murmured, still gazing at the oddly awkward girl, "Who is she?" "Ah, about that - I don't know." Katniss frowned, "Well, haven't you asked her?" "That's pretty hard when she doesn't speak English, isn't it?" The girl - Tris - snapped. She blinked, sighing, "Sorry, I didn't mean to lash out at you. It's just, I'm in an unknown place with unknown people, and I'm not even sure I'm alive -" "I understand." She didn't try to offer sympathies, Tris was like her, she wouldn't care for it. She merely brushed a finger against her arrow, lowering her bow slightly. She was hstill ready to skewer her though. This girl didn't seem like an enemy, but if there was one thing she'd learnt over the years, it was to never trust her gut instinct. It had gotten her into a few too many sticky situations. The girl's large, blue grey eyes reminded her of a frightened animal. She felt that if Tris got the sense she was in danger she wouldn't hesitate to fight her way out. Katniss glanced at the girl standing on her own. At some point during her conversation with Tris, the last girl who had still been asleep had cautiously joined the two of them. "Why is she not over here? I'm Hermione, by the way," she gestured curiously to the distant girl. Tris turned to Hermione, "She doesn't speak English, and I have no idea what language she's talking in." Katniss watched as Hermione frowned, and looked at the regally dressed noirette. Whilst colourful, her clothes were nothing like the Capitol's. She shook her head as the newcomer left their group, heading towards the 'outcast', as some would put it. Katniss shook her head, wondering what Hermione would be able to do. She couldn't see much except from her back from where she was standing, yet it looked suspiciously like the bushy haired brunette had just pointed a stick at her throat. If that wasn't absurd, she didn't know what was. But whatever the flimsy twig did, it worked a miracle. Hermione gestured between the lone girl and themselves, speaking in what sounded like the same babble as the other girl spoke. Katniss had somehow relaxed a little whilst talking to Tris and watching the other two, but instantly realised her folly and stood to full attention again. A loyal soldier of everyone, she thought bitterly. First of Snow, and then she was meant to be of Coin. But there were much worse things to be. Well hello there! As you've probably noticed from my greeting, this is no longer Nargie you are talking to. My name is MoonlessGalaxy, or as Nargie likes to call me, MOON MOON . I swear, that wasn't me… NARGIE THIS IS MY PART! I DON'T CARE! Did Snow care when he hijacked Peeta? … alright. Anyway, here's your explanation! Nargie and I decided to write a fic together with absolutely no idea on what we wanted to write! This was originally going to be a parody featuring Bella Swan, but we decided we preferred the more serious vibe we ultimately went with. This is the monstrosity that came out… and will probably keep coming out. Just like you, we have no idea where this is going :) Nargie is back: We really enjoyed writing this together (I think). It took us quite a long time and it's sooo fucking long. BACK TO MOON MOON: So sorry for the long A/N, smiley faces out! They will always win, Nargie... No And now to the part that MOON MOON doesn't know about. I just want to say she is literally one of the most amazing people ever and such an amazing writer. Even though we have some.. differing views (smilies) I'm still so happy to have started talking to her with what had to be the cringiest opening message ever.