the stairs was a door, which Regulus knocked on, this time to the rhythm of 'shave and a haircut'. A moment later the door opened and the two men slipped inside. The man who had answered the door was of average height with shoulder-length hair pulled back into a ponytail and a beard, shorter than Tiberius' and dressed in a simple black waistcoat and trousers. There was also another man in the room, standing beside a round table. This man was a bit shorter than the other man and was clean-shaven with short combed hair and a certain sense of mischief about him when he smiled. "Malcolm, Fergus, good to see you," Regulus greeted the two. "Yes," Fergus, the beardless man, replied just the barest hint of an Irish accent audible. "We were beginning to think something had happened to you." Regulus shook his head. "No. I did a couple of extra passes over the area before landing. You can never too careful, these days." "True enough, that," Tiberius said, placing the bottle of Firewhiskey down on the table and conjuring four glasses for them all. He began pouring the deep amber liquid into the glasses. "Well, we're all here now. Have a seat, yeah?" He dropped himself down into a chair and motioned to the others. Regulus sat down in the seat to Tiberius' right, facing toward the door. Fergus sat to his right, directly across from Tiberius and Malcolm took the final seat across from Regulus. "So, how did it go?" Fergus asked. Regulus shrugged and sipped his whiskey. "Went off without a hitch." "You are certain?" Malcolm asked, ignoring his whiskey. It wasn't that he didn't want it, he was Scottish, he loved whiskey – as if where he was from had something to do with that – but he was holding off until business had been covered. Regulus nodded. "I oversaw the whole thing myself, even stayed behind, disguised as a guard to make sure it worked. By now, the entire Ministry will know that Harry Potter and Barty Crouch Jr. are dead." Tiberius drained his glass. "Well, cheers to that bit o' good news." "Aye, sl á inte ," Fergus intoned, sipping his own drink. "Then things can move ahead as planned?" Regulus nodded. "Yes, everything is set, and I'll be off to Dartmoor within the hour." Malcolm nodded and finally reached for his own glass. "Well then," he looked at Tiberius, who was pouring himself another glass. "I think a toast is called for, wouldn't you say so?" "I'll drink to anythin', jus' show me the whiskey," the stout man responded with a grin. The other three chuckled and raised their own glasses. "So, what shall we drink to, then?" Regulus asked. "Well, seeing at we jus' killed two men, I think death seems appropriate, don' you?" Malcolm nodded. "To death, then. May it never stop us." "To death," they all intoned together, draining their glasses as one. Miles away, two bodies laid on cold stones, dead to the world. XXXX A/N: All right, here we are, chapter one of the sequel to The God of Death. I know, this beginning seems like "Atrocity, what the hell are you doing man?" but bear with me guys, I know what I'm doing. Sort of. Anyway, here is the Dramatis Personae of the characters in this chapter, in order of appearance: Gawain Robards (Portrayed by Matt Ryan) Nymphadora Tonks (Portrayed by Natalia Tena) Sasha Savage (Portrayed by Caspar Crump) Percy Weasley (Portrayed by Chris Rankin) Sirius Black (Portrayed by Gary Oldman) James Potter (Portrayed by Adrian Rawlins) Hermione Granger (Portrayed by Emma Watson) Lily Evans Potter (Portrayed by Clara Paget) Regulus Black (Portrayed by James McAvoy) Tiberius McLaggen (Portrayed by Tom Hardy) Malcolm McGonagall (Portrayed by Toby Stephens) Fergus O'Malley (Portrayed by Andrew Scott) NOTE: Fergus is mentioned in HBP by Seamus, as his cousin. Given that he is a wizard I can assume that he was related on the side of Seamus' mother, thus he would have a different surname than Seamus, assuming that Mrs. Finnigan took on her husband's name rather than the other way round. So, this is again taking a canon character and fleshing them out somewhat for the story. I chose to picture him as Andrew Scott (who portrays Moriarty on BBC's Sherlock) because I wanted someone smaller in stature but very intimidating in presence, with a hint of mischief (as he is said in canon to enjoy annoying Seamus by apparating to and from right next to him) to him and no shortage of intelligence. Tiberius is also mentioned in HBP by his nephew Cormac McLaggen. It is known that he has some influence with the Ministry and a close friend of Rufus Scrimgeour, which will be touched upon later. On choosing Tom Hardy as the 'fan casting' of this character, I wanted someone who commanded respect and attention when in a room. Tom Hardy has a presence to him that is powerful and given that he can play both rough and refined, I felt he was perfect for a character that seems to mingle in both circles, being both an outdoorsman and a Ministry official. Malcolm is mentioned only on Pottermore, but is the sole remaining relative of Minerva McGonagall, being her younger brother (at least one can assume, younger) and not much is known about him except that he had a wife and son and would visit Minerva in Hogsmead during her brief marriage. Nothing else is known beyond that he did not die in either war. So, I decided to flesh him out too. On picking Toby Stephens (real-life son of Maggie Smith, who portrayed Minerva in the films) I chose him because of the quiet but assertive presence he has in roles such as Captain Flint in Black Sails, and because he has a resemblance to Maggie Smith, being her son. All right, hope you guys enjoyed. Leave me some love, please! Until next time, Atrocity