looked up from where he was taking off his running shoes. "Sure, you can also see the letters from Gringotts and BumbleDumble." Remus nodded, crossing the room to sit back on a sofa, sipping slowly at his refilled cup of tea. "I'll just change," Harry continued cheerfully as he walked along the corridor to his own room. He rushed through his second shower of the morning, towelled himself dry (self-drying charms were notoriously unreliable), and buttoned on the jeans and shirt from earlier. He found Remus still in the same position when he rejoined him. He wordlessly passed him his response, and was glad to see Remus' impressed nod of approval when he reached his chosen meeting place. "You're sure you can arrange to meet him there in time?" Harry grinned at him. "I'll try to fly out this evening or early tomorrow morning, and if I can't get a commercial flight in time it'll be easy enough to charter." "I meant getting the goblins to agree." Harry smirked slightly. "Lots of people have their shady meetings there; Gringotts Headquarters isn't just in Switzerland for rich wizards to stash their wealth and illegal knick-knacks untraceably." He went back to a grin. "Besides, when I rock up and prove who I am then I'm sure they'll be only too happy to provide me with a room for an hour or so, bearing in mind what a valued customer I've suddenly become." Remus rolled his eyes, though couldn't help but smile slightly. "Can I see the letter from Gringotts?" Harry nodded, handing over Bronzeclaw's covering note. He'd left the list of assets locked in a draw, wanting to keep exactly how extensive some of his holdings were private, at least for the time being. He was handed the paper back after a couple of minutes. "I've never seen a goblin come up with platitudes before," Remus mused, before his face darkened. "Not that a werewolf's allowed to have much in the way of dealings with Gringotts normally. Some of the older, richer packs are supposed to have vaults in Zurich." "Maybe that can be changed," said Harry quietly, "it's the ICW, after all, stopping werewolves banking. I suspect the goblins themselves would just be glad of more customers, more gold to play with." Remus didn't look hopeful, but cleared his expression quickly enough. "Let's see what Dumbledore has to say to you now," he sighed. Harry passed him the parchments. "The first one's a concealed magical contract, the bottom of the second's been dipped in a compulsion potion." He said, knowing that his tutor wasn't powerful enough to detect their presence without diagnostic spells. "So, as long as you don't sign that one you're safe, seeing as the compulsion will only really have much effect on the addressee." Remus frowned deeply and cursed softly under his breath at these new tactics. Harry ignored his response. "I like the offers of help and friendship," he said sardonically. "He's much chattier in this one than he's been before, although he must be getting desperate to be using illegal methods that can so easily be traced back to him." Remus nodded slowly. "You're right, he must be worried," he agreed. "I think I will go to Hogwarts this year," Harry continued casually. Remus actually dropped the letter in his shock as his head snapped round to face him. "No!" he exclaimed, managing to make even that one syllable sound strangled. Harry waited a few moments, picking up the dropped parchment to give Remus time, before speaking. "We've discussed this," he began, "I have responsibilities in England; if what Sirius claims is correct then I'm now two of The Twenty. We all agreed that I'd have to wait until at least I inherited to go back, and I'm fourteen now. I can handle Dumbledore." He continued confidently. "I'm brilliant, really fucking brilliant, and I want to test myself at last. We don't really know what's happening, and we're not going to find out on the run." Remus didn't look convinced at all by this, so Harry decided to change tactics. "Look," he began earnestly. "I love you and Aunt Mim, and I've had an incredible time travelling the world for all of these years, but I crave some stability. I want to be able to live in the same place for more than a few months, to call somewhere home. I need to build a life of my own, have friends who I can see in person, and who know me for who I am, rather than just ones I can write to occasionally." "It's not safe." Remus said softly. "Life isn't." Harry responded sharply, "Particularly not mine. The Potter titles and inheritance should give me nearly as much security as the Evans money does in the muggle world, even with the prospect of a war and a Dumbledore." Remus lowered his head slowly, knowing it was no use arguing with Harry when he was like this. "Besides," Harry continued, hammering another nail into the coffin of Remus' flight instinct, "I suspect I can't give Sirius the formal asylum he needs without claiming the Black inheritance, and actually being in England to protect him." Any remaining defences crumbled at the prospect of abandoning the man who had been his friend once again. Harry saw he had won, and felt a distant satisfaction, but no triumph. "You don't have to come with me, of course," he began, "and I would never try to make you. I can give you all of the money you'd need to live comfortably for the rest of your life, wherever you choose." He smiled gently, and continued jokingly, "You can be free of me at last. You keep saying that I'm intolerable." Remus suddenly hugged him. "I'm not going to abandon you Harry, never; it looks like I've made that mistake once already. I'm with you." He breathed desperately into Harry's ear. Harry returned the hug and smiled at Remus. "Thank you."