with no choice as that was indeed her duty. It would've been extremely suspicious if he refused to let her go. She had even offered to fetch the stone herself. He had wanted to use Hagrid so the man's absent mind would help in making Harry curious about it but alas it was not to be. Thankfully the boy was unaware of his true heritage according to what Minerva said. His frown became more prominent as he recalled what she had told him about Harry Potter when he asked her about him. She had described him to be a mix of Ravenclaw and Slytherin. And that worried Albus more than he cared to admit. Harry was supposed to be all Hufflepuff with an inner and stronger Gryffindor so he could be put in that house in order for him keep the image of Beacon of the Light he had constructed for the boy in the past ten years. But now he couldn't predict which House Harry was going to end up in. "I believe I underestimated how much of his parents was in him," Albus mused as he fingered the red colored stone that he was going to use as bait for both Voldemort's wraith and to test Harry's willingness to put himself in harm's way for others. He needed to keep track of that disgusting spirit and he also needed to cultivate Harry's sacrificial potential so the prophecy could be fulfilled. "I guess I'll just have to be more proactive from now on, wouldn't you say so, Fawkes?" Albus turned towards his phoenix familiar who he had tasked to giving two of his feathers as cores for the wands of Tom and Harry so he could keep track of them at all times, or at least the locations of their wands, since they were connected to Fawkes through their cores. It had worked for Tom as he never went without his wand, meaning that Dumbledore knew where he was at all times. It was the reason why he always seemed to appear at the right time with his Order of the Phoenix to save the day. And now that Harry had a wand tied to his familiar he could keep better track of the boy. The phoenix stared at his chosen partner of many years before it gave a thrill that sounded neutral but it was still beautiful and full of life. Dumbledore took this sound as agreement and he smiled at his familiar as he leaned back on his chair. While he hated the fact that he needed to sacrifice an innocent boy to amend for his mistakes he would gladly do so if it meant getting rid of the symbol of the Dark. It was, after all, for The Greater Good. XXXXXXXXXX "Say…" Petunia shrieked in terror as she jumped from the couch. Dudley squealed like a pig from his position on the floor and quickly scrambled in all fours to hide behind his mother's skirt. Vernon somehow lunched to his feet faster than what his body would suggest he could. He was turning a pale purple already. Harry smiled kindly at them, having teleported to the living room from the backyard. "Did you know that my parents were magical like me? I was surprised to find out they weren't drunks that died in a car crash like you told me." Petunia fainted. Author's Notes Please, do try to not be too harsh when reviewing. I'd like to reach my twenties without clinical depression over an internet forum, alright? So, we have quite the different start for the Boy-Who-Lived's journey, eh? There were obvious differences, others that weren't so obvious and others that probably flew over your head and that you won't see what will result of them until further into the story. The main differences, however, were: Harry's early knowledge and practice with magic basic on experiences that he was forced to go through because of the Dursley's who were a bit harsher in my story than in canon. His introduction into the wizarding world by Minerva McGonagall… which is going to have its own ramifications, ramifications that are going to please a few people, amuse some others and piss of whoever is left. And finally, his wand. Harry grew up different, hence, he has a different mindset and thus a different wand. Ebony, Dragon heartstring, ten inches, Powerful and Fierce. According to my sources, these are the descriptions for the materials used in Harry's wand: Ebony: This jet-black wand wood has an impressive appearance and reputation, being highly suited to all manner of combative magic, and to Transfiguration. Dragon heartstring : As a rule, dragon heartstrings produce wands with the most power, and which are capable of the most flamboyant spells. Dragon wands tend to learn more quickly than other types. While they can change allegiance if won from their original master, they always bond strongly with the current owner. The dragon wand tends to be easiest to turn to the Dark Arts , though it will not incline that way of its own accord. It is also the most prone of the three cores to accidents, being somewhat temperamental. Let's see what Harry can accomplish with a wand with these specifications. As for pairings, it is going to be an Harem, but not a conventional one and not one with just Harry getting the girls so he can bang them, show them off and show his superiority over other men. No. Here everything has a meaning, and while there is going to be honest love, affection, attraction and lust in the relationships, I assure you that it is not going to be what you would expect. The only ones I am sure off right now are: Hermione Granger, Susan Bones, Daphne Greengrass, Luna Lovegood and Fleur Delacour. I'm sure there will be others, but the ones that are sure are these five. I believe that's all. See you next Sunday/Monday with the next chapter.