walk over to the stretcher, Minervas eyes never leaving Poppy, who's gone quiet as she looks at Severus' unconscious form. As Poppy begins examining him, Minerva sees movement from the corner of her eye and looks up at the doors to catch Harry walking through with Hermione beside him. They both look beaten up and exhausted beyond belief, but still happy everything's finally resolved. She grins and her face softens as she leaves Poppy to meet with them, "Professor," Harry's lips break into a smile as does Hermiones, but it leaves when he looks past her. He frowns, "Is that…?" "Yes." Hermione's eyes widen and Harry stares at her. Minerva holds up her hands before they can say anything and launches into the story of what happened, feeling the familiar sadness in her chest when she finishes. To her surprise, Harrys expression twists in alarm, "He was bitten by Voldemorts snake, Professor. He-He has venom in his blood." All three of them turn back to the pair and they all hurry over, Poppy opening her mouth to tell Minerva what she believes should be done but her eyes go to Harry as he relays the information to her. At this, Poppy immediately informs them that he has to be taken to her own infirmary and be tended to at once, the news coming at no surprise to anyone. With Snape still in the stretcher behind them, they leave the hall and go up to Madame Pomfreys station where he's levitated into a bed before Minerva magics the stretcher away. They stand back as Madame Pomfrey goes to her cabinet and takes out various vials before hurrying back to Snape and placing them on the table beside him. She turns back to Minerva, her face flushed, "His wound's healed, Minerva." She says quietly. Minerva smiles, "It was the work of Fawkes." Her eyes widen, "Dumbledores phoenix?" She nods. Poppy lets out a disbelieved sigh and chuckles, "Well I'll be darned! Who would've guessed the old bird would heal Severus?" Hermione smiles uncomfortably as she continues tending to Snape but Harrys gaze 's fixed on the two in thought. He hasn't told anybody about what he'd seen in the pensive yet and he doesn't know if he will. On one hand, he knows what Snape'd given him was incredibly secret yet crucial. But the circumstances would've changed drastically had he bled out in the Shack instead of having Fawkes coming to the rescue- something nobody expected. So it was almost throwing to see him back in the castle, being patched up so suddenly. He wonders for a moment why Professor McGonagall'd taken him here, why she hadn't left him to lie in the Shack after what he'd done to them all and why Madame Pompfrey was so quick to act on his injuries. Since when did either of them care about Snape anyhow? He's so deep in thought that he doesn't feel Hermione nudge his side the first time and he frowns at her, but she nods to Professor McGonagall, who's watching them both with kind, tired eyes. "How're you, Potter?" He forces a smile, too caught off guard to process her question properly, "I'm fine, Professor- um I-I was just wondering…" He glances at Snapes pale face then rests his gaze on her, "Why did you bring Professor Snape back?" Her smile falters a little and she heaves a great sigh, before admitting in a quiet voice, "I'm not a monster, Potter." He blushes and begins to stammer out an explanation, but she continues on, and he goes silent to listen, "To be quite honest, I don't know. I don't blame you for thinking I would leave him but…" She pauses and faces them both, her voice dropping to almost a whisper. She leans forward so Poppy won't hear, "Don't think badly of me when I say this, Potter, or you, Miss Granger, but I believe Severus was on our side." Hermione gapes at her, too stunned to speak but Harry quickly nods, surprising both of them. A relieved smile tugs on Minervas lips and she rests a hand on his arm, "I won't ask why, Potter, but…thank you." She moves away and turns back to Madame Pomfrey to see Snape over and talk to her about his condition, when Hermione tugs Harrys wrist. When he has her attention, she fixes him with a confused frown, "Since when do you think Professor Snape's on our side?" He only grins at her and she shakes her head questionably, about to push him to spill it when Madame Pomfrey drops an empty vial on the table and turns her attention to the duo, Minerva still looking at Snape in quiet thought. "It'll take a very long time for Severus to become stable again. Snake venom's nasty work to extract from the system, but he will be right as rain eventually." She practically beams at Snape, "Oh he's going to be a tricky patient, alright." She says to herself as Minerva chuckles a little at Poppys words. Poppy raises her voice to the two, "He'll be out for at least a few days but will wake when the antidote's taken it's course, if either of you want to pay him a visit." Her gaze falls on Hermione and she stammers out a, "Oh uh, yes, thank you, Madame Pomfrey." Harry nods and returns her smile, the two taking their leave. But as they're heading back to the makeshift infirmary, Hermione gives his wrist another tug and they stop in the middle of the corridor, "What was in those memories Professor Snape gave you?" Harry glances away, his mind running. He purses his lips then looks back at her and his green eyes're bright as he steers them to the direction of the Gryffindor common room, "I'll tell you soon, but you have to promise not to tell anyone." Hermione grins and her grip on his arm tightens, "I swear I won't tell a soul."