shelves covered in small, dusty glass orbs. They glimmered dully in the light issuing from more candle-brackets set at intervals along the shelves. Like those in the circular room behind them, their flames were burning blue. The room was very cold. Harry edged forward and peered down one of the shadowy aisles between two rows of shelves. He could not hear anything or see the slightest sign of movement. "You said it was row ninety-seven right?" Hermione whispered. "Yeah," Harry breathed, looking up at the end of the closest row. Beneath the branch of blue-glowing candles glimmered the silver number fifty-three. "We need to go right, I think," Hermione whispered, squinting to the next row. "Yes. . . that's fifty-four. . ." "Keep your wands ready," Harry said softly. They passed row eighty-four. . .eighty-five. . .Harry was listening hard for the slightest sound of movement, but Sirius might be gagged now, or else unconscious. . .or. . . he might already be dead. . . "Ninety-seven!" Hermione whispered, interrupting his train of thought. They stood grouped around the end of the row, gazing down the alley beside it. There was nobody there. "He's right down at the end," Harry said. "You can't see it properly from here." And he led them between the towering rows of glass balls, some of which glowed softly as they passed. "He should be near here," Harry whispered, convinced that every step was going to bring the ragged form of Sirius into view on the darkened floor. "Anywhere here. . . really close. . ." "Harry?" Hermione said tentatively, but he did not want to respond. "Somewhere about. . . here. . ." He said. They had reached the end of the row and emerged into more dim candlelight, there was nobody there. The room was empty, an echoing silence, that only seemed amplified by the undisturbed dust coating the floor and walls. "He might be. . ." Harry whispered hoarsely, peering down the next alley. "Or maybe. . ." He hurried to look down the one beyond that. "Harry?" Hermione said again. "What?" he snarled. "I. . . I don't think Sirius is here." Nobody spoke. Harry did not want to look at any of them. He felt sick. He did not understand why Sirius was not here. He had to be here. This was where he, Harry, had seen him. . . He ran up the space at the end of the rows, staring down them. Empty aisle after empty aisle flickered past. He ran the other way, back past his staring companions. There was no sign of Sirius anywhere, nor any hint of a struggle. Harry dropped to his knees, and slammed his fist into the dusty floor. "He has to be here." He whispered, tears streaming down his face. "Even Snape agreed." He pounded the floor until his fist came back stained, knuckles ruddy with his own blood. He barely noticed the burn as the years of dirt and dust staunched the flow of blood and clotted around his fist. The pile of standing water grew as he wept. Sirius was gone, captured by his cousins, and was undoubtedly being tortured as he sat there helpless in the Department of Mysteries. Hermione had been right: it was a trap. And he'd fallen for it hook, line, and sinker. "Harry?" Neville called, breaking his reverie. "What?" He choked out, wiping the tears from his eyes, and cleaning his glasses. He did not want to hear what he had to say; did not want to hear Neville tell him he had been stupid or suggest that they ought to go back to Hogwarts, but the heat was rising in his face and he felt as though he would like to skulk down here in the darkness for a long while before facing the brightness of the Atrium above and the others' accusing stares. . . "Have you seen this?" Neville said. "What?" Harry repeated, but eagerly this time—it had to be a sign that Sirius had been there, a clue. He strode back to where they were all standing, a little way down row ninety-seven, but found nothing except Neville staring at one of the dusty glass spheres on the shelf. "What?" Harry said again, glumly. "It's—it's got your name on it," Neville explained pointing. Harry moved a little closer. . . "My name?" Harry said blankly. He stepped forwards. The ball that Neville pointed at was just out of his sight. He gingerly placed his foot on one of the metal shelves, and pulled himself level with orb. The sphere was just like the others, dusty and filled with a swirling mist. "Not the sphere." Neville said. "Look at the shelf beneath it." Harry glanced at it. In spidery writing that was somehow familiar to him, was a date written some sixteen years previously, and below that: S.P.T. to A.P.W.B.D. Dark Lord And (?)Harry Potter Harry stared at it. "What is it?" Neville asked, sounding unnerved. "What's your name doing down here?" "Harry, I don't think you should touch it," Hermione said sharply, as he stretched out his hand. "Why shouldn't I?" He said. "It's something to do with me, isn't it?" "Don't Harry," Luna said suddenly. "It's a prophecy sphere. If you touch it, the Hobdewots can control your fate." "It's got my name on it," Harry said. "I can't leave it." And feeling slightly reckless, he closed his fingers around the dusty ball's surface. Harry lifted the glass ball down from its shelf and stared at it. The others moved in closer around Harry, gazing at the orb as he brushed it free of the clogging dust. Recklessly, Harry cocked his arm back, and moved to throw it. Neville's hand closed around his wrist, saving the orb from destruction, and just then, from right behind them, a drawling voice spoke. "Very good, Potter. Now turn around, nice and slow, and give that to me." A/N: Updated and edited 4/22/2017