was feeling very dizzy and light and fluttery all of a sudden, and his legs were beginning to fail on him, for they now felt like they were made of jello. He took a few deep breaths, and after the hazy fog in his brain had lifted, only one thought remained. He knew what he had to do. There had been several minutes of thick, tense silence, when Harry suddenly surged towards Draco, and for a moment, he had been afraid he was going to hit him. But this thought was soon discouraged when Harry grabbed him, so tightly it hurt, and pressed his lips onto his own, sending Draco into a heart racing, jubilant, joyful bliss that, in all his eighteen years, was new to him. He melted into it, like shards of snow and ice by a roaring fire, or like an icy cold heart feeling real warmth and love for the first time. What he was feeling was real and beautiful, loving and pure, and long, long overdue. Delicious, icy shivers were trickling down his back, and his heart felt like it had fallen into his stomach and was now sloshing around in his digestive juices. He had felt many times before upon seeing Harry, but never before had the feeling so consumed him. He startled Harry when he pulled away from their kiss, confused and lost, and blushing a deep, rosy scarlet. "But, I'm me," he argued, bewildered, to the kiss, feeling that was reason enough as to why Harry shouldn't be kissing him. Why he couldn't possibly love him. It didn't make any sense at all to him that he did. But to Harry, it made all the sense in the world. "I know," Harry told him, his gorgeous green eyes sparkling with joyful tears, "and that's why I love you. Because you're you." And with this, he pulled Draco close and their lips met once more into the most wonderful, loving kiss, and this time, Draco didn't hold back. He didn't protest that no one could ever love him, for the cruel, terrible person he was, because it was then that it finally dawned on him that maybe, just maybe, he was worth loving. He was worth happiness. He deserved the purest and most wonderful love in the world. It was then that he finally gave in to these thoughts, and the moment that he did, he achieved something he had never thought in a million years was possible. True happiness. True love. Not just with Harry (for he had already loved Harry for much of his life), but with himself. True self-compassion, in knowing that he, Draco Malfoy, deserved to be loved. And knowing that let him finally be able to begin to forgive himself for everything he had done. Both Draco and Harry could practically hear a fantastic rumbling as his ginormous, protective walls crumbled to the ground. But neither of them heard the click of the door unlocking, the room somehow knowing its work was done. Nor did they see Pansy peek in, then squeal with delight and leave to skip down the halls gleefully, smiling a beautiful and radiant smile that was not malicious, not wicked and most certainly not evil… it was a smile that was kind. They couldn't care less if the earth exploded, leaving billions to perish, now that they were in each other's arms, and they couldn't hear anything but their hearts rapidly but joyfully thumping in their chests. Tears entered Draco's eyes and streamed down his cheeks one final time, and for the first time, on that beautiful, magical Christmas morn, there was someone to wipe them away. Harry wanted him tainted, not pure. He wanted him broken, not whole. He wanted him flawed, not perfect. He just wanted him. For who he was and no one more. He didn't need him to be a perfect, whole, pure, beautiful human being. Untouched by evil. Worthy of the Chosen One. He didn't need him to be any of that. He just needed him to be, be who he was, be Draco Malfoy, scarred and shattered and broken and all. For that was who Harry loved. Not some pathetic imitation of his idea of perfection, for even though Draco didn't yet realize it, he was Harry's perfection, as completely and totally imperfect as he was. As flawed as he was, to Harry he was flawless. Because love, true love, the really good kind of love… isn't ignoring or shoving aside the flaws and faults that come with the person. Love is learning to accept and love those faults, because they are the person too. They make someone who they are, and if you choose to love someone (well, it's really not much of choice), you must love them for their whole, complete self, not just the parts you choose to like. You must love them who they are, not who you want them to be, and love their imperfections along with everything else. And that, dear reader, on that beautiful, magical, in every way wonderful Christmas morn, and every day after, is exactly what they did. With hearts that loved to no end, and eyes that saw nothing but perfection. For perhaps, within each other's arms and hearts, they could finally make each other whole. And even if they didn't, even if they were both damaged beyond repair, so broken by the war and their lives that they could never be fully healed, it didn't matter. They didn't care. All the walls had been raised and lowered, all the gifts had been given and received, and all the broken hearts had been mended, for good. Their wildest, craziest, most seemingly impossible dreams had come true; they had each other. Draco was Harry's, and Harry was Draco's. After years of wanting without receiving, crying for no reason and loving from afar, they finally had each other. And through each other, they finally found happiness. Those beautiful, broken boys.