consumed. He wonders if this is what Teddy sounded like under Greyback's unforgiving fangs and feels his heart harden further. Using magic similar to what he used on Teddy, he keeps Fenrir alive longer than he should have been with how many pieces he's missing. Eventually, though Harry is loath to cut his enjoyment short, he acknowledges that there are more important things that he needs to focus on. Teddy isn't going to resurrect himself after all, but he refuses to leave before he gets one more thing. " Apologize, and I'll let you die," Harry hisses towards the mess that was once Greyback, absentmindedly snapping the neck of the imperioused blonde. He doesn't notice that he's slipped into parseltongue, but Fenrir does and he quakes in pain and fear. "F-f-fug o-ou!" Greyback whimpers through a broken, half devoured jaw. "Apologize," Harry orders, subconsciously slipping back into English. Greyback glares up at him then spits on his boots. Lifting the shoe, he presses it down on the brute's sternum until Greyback goes blue in the face. "If you don't apologize, I'm just going to hurt you more and more until you do. Depending on how stubborn you are that could take hours. In the end, you're going to apologize, and then I'm going to kill you. The only unknown variable here is how soon you'll cave. Do you really want to be in more pain than you currently are?" Harry asks, sneering down at the disfigured man by his feet. Sobbing, Greyback curls in on himself and chokes, "S-sowwy…" "What? I can't hear you, so you must not be very sincere," Harry snarls, casting crucio. "M' SORWY!" Greyback Howls, seizing on the ground. Closing his eyes, Harry savors the blood curdling wails one last time before casting, "Avada Kedavra!" Greyback falls silent and still, but Harry's mind still echoes with his son's screams. "I'm home…" Harry calls softly as he apparates into his room at Grimmauld. No one answers back, so Harry assumes that Kreacher is still pissed at him for leaving in a drunken rage. Shrugging, Harry makes his way towards his bed, exhausted and ready to retire for the evening, when he sees an old scrapbook lying open on his bedside table. Recalling his conversation with Death, he gently picks up the book and flips through it, finally noticing what he should have a long time ago. Throughout the book, all the pictures of Teddy grow and age, but after a certain point, Harry who is often standing near him, does not. Whirling around, he looks into his mirror with the book held open, and is shocked when he compares his current look to the earliest pictures of him and Teddy. Whereas before, he looked scrawny and scruffy, now he looks taller, and definitely healthier; though he rarely eats or sleeps these days. His hair that he's lazily let grow, hangs past his hips looking wavy and glossy. His eyes are less his mothers green, and more of an Avada Kedavra shade, promising death to all who fall before his gaze. His skin is now a flawless creamy pale, and his whole body has filled out for a more lean and muscular look as well. Overall, his features have become more androgynous. The healthier look isn't what's wrong though. What's wrong is that even though so many things have changed, it doesn't look like he's aged for a while now. Thinking back, Harry wonders when he'd stopped, and remembers the night he'd been mugged and left for dead so many years ago. His scars had vanished the next morning, and his glasses had become unnecessary. He'd been too busy at the time to give the changes more than a passing glance, but he wishes he had. Now he's standing face to face with a stranger, and he doesn't have a single bloody idea what he's supposed to do about it. Squeezing his eyes shut, he lets his head rest against the mirror and prays that when he opens them he'll see his old face. He has no such luck, and the proof that it's still perplexingly real stands there looking back at him with its mesmerizingly green eyes. Puzzling over what his next move should be, he remembers Death giving him the stone, and the painful burn of the elder wand eating at his core. Excitement thrums through Harry's veins like the stone in his blood as it occurs to him that if he merely wishes for it, he could have his son back right now. He is mere seconds away from summoning his son, when he remembers the story of what happened to the wife of the man in the deathly hallows story. He refuses to put Teddy through that, but there has to be a way around causing his son constant pain! Pacing, he considers and trashes a dozen different ideas before he realizes that all he has to do is get Teddy a body, and then put his soul into it. Everything he's ever heard about resurrection says that people come back wrong because the caster can't bring back the soul. He's already doing better than most people, because he already has access to Teddy's soul. Laughing madly, Harry accepts that his lack of aging is going to be a major boon here. He'll have all the time in the world to solve this problem. Failing now is practically an impossibility rather than an inevitable conclusion, and it's exhilarating. He IS going to get his son back, no matter how long it takes. Placing the scrapbook down, he heads to his lab; any desire for sleep forgotten in this moment of triumph and discovery. He's got a lot of work to do. Well, I hope you guys have enjoyed the new and improved first chapter to this story! I've worked very hard and would love to hear your opinions on the new version, so feel free to comment or question, but please no flames! ^_^