again son. I could not bear it." His father cleared his throat and dropped his hand. "Now, on to business. I wanted to reiterate to you that this curse is fulfilled for the moment, it is by no means broken. We have people working on it, but I want to be sure you know the conditions. You must live with Miss Granger for a year and a day. Do not push it. If she has to travel for her work, go with her." "Are all the Black marriages so cozy?" "No, but we don't dare push the matter since you have no intention of…consummating the marriage." His father looked slightly uncomfortable. "There are a few other traditional aspects of the spell. If Miss Granger should suddenly die, you would be forced to re-marry or die with her, so both of you should stay out of harm's way for at least the next year…" Draco rolled his eyes. "Also…don't forget that this spell was not meant to force you into marriage just to make you miserable…though knowing some of the Blacks I wouldn't be surprised if that wasn't a secondary motivation…the spell was devised to continue the bloodline. It will increase your fertility for the year as well, so be aware…" Draco blanched. "Are we talking about a simple increase in fertility or something more…drastic?" His father chuckled. "My advice, as your father, would be that unless you want a child, you should abstain. As a man…I would definitely recommend both a contraceptive potion, and the contraceptive charm. And I would also point out that since you are legally married to the Granger girl having a once-off that resulted in a blond Malfoy bastard would most likely upset her…and knowing her level of wand work I would fear for your future reproductive health…I hear that Ronald Weasley has been to St. Mungos more than once about some rather sensitive issues." His father cocked one eyebrow at him, and Draco tried to look innocent. How the hell did the man find out as much as he did? "Are there any other issues I should know about? This curse seems like it's the gift that keeps on giving…" Lucius nodded. "Well, the bond is a fairly moderate one. It won't cause either of you pain to be apart like some of the more drastic bindings. It won't allow you to read each other's mind, so you'll retain your privacy for the most part…but you will get flashes of emotion, and the…closer you become, the more flashes you'll get." Draco shuffled the papers in his hands and decided that being blunt was the only was the only way to get his questions answered. "So you are saying that if I sleep with her, it will bind us even closer." The older Malfoy nodded. "In part. But I meant exactly what I said. The bonding is meant to bring husband and wife together." Draco groaned. "So you're saying that I have to live with her, but try to avoid her so we don't bond more than necessary…and sleeping with her is likely to produce a child no matter how careful we are." "If you had told me, years ago that we would be having this conversation son…" Draco snorted. "Oh there were many times I expected we'd be having this conversation…but I always expected that the woman involved would be that pug-nosed…" Lucius rolled his eyes. "As if we would have bound you to Parkinson." Then his father's lips twitched. "Have I told you how much I hate what you've done with the place?" Draco smirked at Hermione…his wife. Jeez, even thinking it felt weird. His mind was still reeling from the information that he'd been given that morning. "You've only mentioned it every single time you've been over since I bought it…so yeah, maybe 400 times…" "Are you ever going to decorate it?" He shook his head. "If you decide that we should live here, you can do it, or hire a decorator. I don't care what it looks like and there's no way I'd be able to make it look…" Hermione cocked her head to one side. Oh hell…he'd said too much. "Look…?" Oh well. The witch would have all of his secrets before the end of the year. This one was fairly painless. "I don't know how to make it seem home-like…welcoming." He didn't look at her when he said it. His family home was elegant. His personal home was totally blank, with only the necessary furniture pushed against random walls… Her home was warm. Much like she was. Hermione smiled at him. "It's all right. I think we'd better live here. I'd hate to add a room to a rented flat…the ministry has gone a bit crazy with regulating undetectable extension charms." Draco leered at her playfully. It was an old game. "You mean we won't be sharing a bed? I thought I'd finally lured you into my evil clutches…" Hermione laughed lightly. "Evil clutches indeed. You talk a good game Malfoy, but I know your secret. Deep down under all that arrogance, you're actually a gentleman." "Perish the thought." She smiled at him. "Don't worry. I'll never tell. Who would believe me?" She swished her wand and parchment and a quill appeared. "I'll just make a list of what I already have, and store the things that won't fit in here…" "I'd better take you on a full tour of the house then." "I haven't seen the whole thing?" "Well, you've never seen the bedrooms to start. I want you to take the master suite. It's the only one with a private bath." "Draco, that's really not necessary…" "Well, it might be my only chance of getting you into my bed you see…even if I'm not in it at the time…" She swatted him lightly. "Are you going to be like this the whole year?" He snaked his arm around her waist and pulled her into a one-armed hug. "Probably."