and who dies," Howard stated, rather bluntly. "Those are dangerous things to be playing with, you know. Deciding who to save, who gets to live... That's like playing God." "I think of it more as trading my own life for theirs." That brought ringing silence to the room, Howard seeming to study him as he sipped at his tea. Draco's was still sitting on the table, untouched. "You know, no doubt, that the time turners were all destroyed at the Ministry of Magic. That there's no safe and stable way to travel back." Draco nodded, twisting his cuff link on his left wrist, making sure the sleeve was tugged down. He only glanced down to the cup before picking it up to take a small sip. "I've been made aware." 'No safe and stable way'. McGonagall had said much the same, but... That just meant there were other ways to travel back that weren't as well known. "Even if you wanted to go back to the war and save lives, who would believe or trust you?" Howard raised an eyebrow, voice perfectly level and even. "You're a Death Eater, and a Malfoy. They would sooner kill you than listen to you." "I wasn't as a first year," Draco pointed out, eyes narrowed at the man. How dare he. "Time turners can only safely take you back five hours, and anything else has the chance to kill you. As well, if you went back that far, how would you explain yourself to others? To your past self ?" "Others needn't know my origins." As for his past self... He was a Death Eater. The silence in the room was back, only broken by a biscuit Howard had snapped in half before dipping into his tea. "Let's have a hypothetical situation. You go back to your early Hogwarts years and you become your past self. How would you deal with the fact everyone who knows you knows a different you. That you'll never see the people you know now again." "Obviously, the thought of Hogwarts would change my behavior, and many children come back after first year as different people, so it wouldn't be a large leap for others to make." His mother, right now. Pansy. Blaise. Those were the only people in this time he cared for. "True enough, but you didn't answer the second part," Howard pointed out, dipping the rest of his biscuit. "How would you deal knowing you'd never see your loved ones again. At least, not as you know them." "Rather well, I'd say, as their number is few," Draco said dryly, restraining himself from rolling his eyes - but only barely. Honestly. "And now you're left with the fact you're an eleven-year-old child in a world of adults who believe the war is long past." Howard shook his head. "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was a distant worry, at that point." "That's untrue. At that point in time, they still feared saying his name. Many were of the mindset that it had been 'too easy.'" Draco set his cup back down, clasping his hands on his knee, crossing it over his leg. "It would be enough to have them doubt the claims of an eleven-year-old. No one would believe anything you had to say," Howard shook his head. "You would only have the resources you had then. Nothing else." "That would be enough," Draco argued, trying to withhold the passion in his voice. "I'd know when and how those that shouldn't have died did. I'd be able to stop it. I can save them. " "There's no such thing as a victimless war," Howard spoke, voice cold and hard, so different than what it had been. "You won't be able to save everyone." "Victimless, no. The Weasley twin? The Triwizard Tournament Hogwarts champion? I could save them. They didn't deserve to die." He wouldn't kill Dumbledore. Dumbledore might not have to die . "The Tournament was in 1994." The older wizard was now settled back in his chair, looking as if they were having a rather delightful afternoon tea. "You'd have to go back to that year. Further, if no one would be willing to listen or trust you." "You must not have been noticing I've been saying first year, then, Howard." Draco internally scoffed, turning his head slightly to look around the home. It was...cluttered. Bric-a-brac everywhere, it seemed. Unsightly. It was a few moments before he noticed Howard was being exceptionally quiet, the wizard looking to be thinking over something very deeply. "You're sure this is what you want. There's no changing this choice once it's made." Draco met the man's eyes. They were a rich brown, and reminded Draco vaguely of hazelnuts. "Absolutely." There was nothing left for him in this world- in this time. It all felt wrong to him. He needed to fix it. He had one chance, now, and he wasn't going to waste it. Keeping Draco's gaze, Howard finally broke the contact with a grin. "Alright then, Draco Malfoy... Go say your goodbyes and come back here the day after tomorrow. You want to change things? Be my guest." "...I'm surprised you aren't arguing further," Draco said as he stood, looking the man over again. He was incredibly similar to Slughorn. "There's only so much one can do to dissuade someone as stubborn as you seem to be," Howard laughed. "Besides, saving as many lives as one can, even at the cost of their own? Seems a rather noble thing to do." A sudden, confused frown. "You're not a Gryffindor, are you?" Draco scoffed, turning his nose up and tossing his head as he stormed out of the house. How dare he. Honestly. Him as a Gryffindor ? Oh, now that was simply a riot. No, no, he was doing this purely of his own agenda. Now all that was left was to tell everyone he would be... Would be going on a trip. A very, very long one. It's only just beginning.