to. No matter what I promise you that neither of us are going to hurt or yell at you." "Hm... You know how to use scissors, yes? There's a right way to use them? You cut paper, packages, perhaps even meat?" The child nodded, looking a touch curious, and, huh. Malfoy seemed to be good with kids. "Scissors are a tool. Plenty of people use them the right way, but some people use them to hurt other people. Wands are the same way. It all depends on the intentions of the person holding it." It was a gradual movement, but soon enough the small boy had the wand in his hand and was inspecting it curiously, seeming rather fascinated but also a touch frustrated. Harry spoke quietly over his head, wanting to reassure him but hesitant to touch. "He was in a cell and chained to the middle of the floor with barely enough room to walk. They weren't pleased when they saw I took him." "Some of the New Risers, I'm assuming?" Malfoy looked down at the boy and smiled. "Actually, that's typically the part that you point away from yourself." "Not sure. We were looking for Hamish," Harry sighed, looking down at the child. There was something not right... "Do you... Do you remember your name?" The boy looked up at Harry and slowly shook his head. "That's what I was afraid of. In my diagnostics, I found signs of an Obliviation." "Looks like a pretty thorough one," Harry muttered, staring for a moment before shaking his head. "We might need something to call you until we can get you your memories back. Do you have anything you'd like us to call you?" Looking back down at the wand, the boy shrugged. "Alright. How about..." It didn't need to be anything well thought out or meaningful. It just needed to be something they could call the boy until he got his memories back. "How about something simple. Maybe Michael?" The boy seemed to think this over before he nodded. Malfoy smiled as well. "Alright, Michael. I'm afraid I do need my wand back, however. I'm going to do my best to make your arm better." Michael flipped the wand around so he was handing it to Malfoy handle first, giving a small nod. Malfoy smiled and sat down beside him. "Have a seat, Potter. This will take a few minutes." "So demanding," Harry teased, sitting down in the seat behind Malfoy's desk and looking around at the files curiously with a low whistle. "They really love running you into the ground, don't they?" "That's what happens when you're the best bloody cursebreaker." Malfoy was muttering, which always meant he was concentrating deeply. "Well, can't argue with you there." Malfoy's work spoke for itself, really. "He's going to need to see a Healer, huh?" Which meant mounds of paperwork. "Perhaps... Though not necessarily. Aside from the curse, the wound really isn't that bad. A healing charm or two will fix it up." "The Obliviation, though? That can't easily be fixed." He knew that much from Lockhart, after all. He still felt a bit bad about that on some days. "That's not going to go away so quick." "No, but... We've seen that Healers are not adept at restoring memories." Malfoy looked at him for only a moment before shaking his head. "He'll need somewhere to stay." "Yeah... Michael? Would you want to stay with me until we can get your memories back and figure out why you were there? You don't have to say yes, but I think it'd be the best thing for you right now." Michael looked back at Malfoy before he gave a nod. It was a long few minutes of Malfoy breaking the curse, but the moment he did, Michael was turning around to hug him. "Oh. Ah. Alright. There there." Laughing, Harry shook his head, doing nothing to help Malfoy from his 'torture'. "Do you know what it was that the curse was even doing?" "The wound itself looks to be a few days old, but you'll notice it was still bleeding. That was the curse. Not enough for anything to happen, but enough to suit their needs." What surprised Harry was when Malfoy began to run a hand through Michael's hair. "So they needed his blood for something, then? Or they just used the wrong knife when threatening him." Harry stared at the two, shaking his head after a moment. "But why Obliviate him?" "Obedience." Malfoy didn't elaborate, but he didn't much need to. Harry could connect the dots for himself. "Now I'm wishing I used more than just a few stunners." Sighing, Harry turned to Michael and gave a soft smile. "Michael? I'm going to take you to where I live so you'll be safe until we can help you more tomorrow. Would you like me to pick you up?" Michael nodded and held his arms out to Harry once again, the brown eyes no longer fearful and wide, but instead doe-like and full of trust. "At least there's that, hm?" Scooping the boy up, Harry carefully smoothed his hair down as he tucked him close. Thank god this kid could still trust. That... That was good. Especially after all those signs that he had gone through something rough in that damn place. Perhaps Michael really was like Harry. "I'll do some research, see if I can't find anything about this. Look into the news for missing children." Nodding, Harry shifted Michael before giving Malfoy a proper smile. "Thanks for helping. I feel I should warn you that the rest of the team should probably be back soon. I may have caused a bit of a fuss on my way out." Malfoy nodded, frowning. "Potter..." Whatever he was about to say, he'd seemed to have changed his mind. "Take care of him." "I will. I promise." How hard could it be to look after a child for a few days, after all?