lost. There's so much I don't know of what's about to happen. The Heir of Slytherin is meant to come back this year, along with the Chamber of Secrets. Facing Voldemort and stopping him from getting the Philosopher's Stone was bad enough, but this? I have no idea how I'm supposed to stop these things, how I'm supposed to help the boy who's destined to win the Second Wizarding War and defeat the greatest evil in history. I don't even know if I'm really meant to be here, anymore... All I know is that I have a job to do, and I feel like I'm failing. ' Draco sighed, leaving the diary open so that the words could dry. He watched the window with a small smile. It had felt nice, to get all of that out. Just get out everything negative he'd been thinking, so he could focus on the positive. Glancing back, the pages were completely blank, not a drop of ink to be seen anywhere. Flipping to the next page, and a bit further on, there was still nothing. Just blank pages like it had never been touched. Draco frowned, picking up the quill and writing again, ' My name is Draco Lucius Malfoy. ' The words remained, shimmering for a moment, before fading away to nothing. This time, however, words of a different colored ink shimmered back. ' Hello, Draco. My name is Tom Marvolo Riddle. ' Draco's breath caught and he immediately looked around the room. ' Who are you? Where are you? By what means are you communicating with me? I don't appreciate being fooled. ' Tom Riddle... Where did that name sound so familiar? ' I'm sorry if I gave off the impression of fooling you, I merely can't write when you are. A quirk of this diary. As for where I am, well, I'm rather afraid that I'm not truly alive. This diary is... I suppose you could say it's a piece of me. I recorded my memories and thoughts of when I was still in Hogwarts myself. It was a bit of an extra credit project, as well as my curiosity on if I could do it. Rest assured, Draco, I can tell no one any of your secrets. ' ' Is that so? Then what house were you in? ' Really, it would tell quite a bit. Although... Maybe it would be nice to actually talk to someone about all of this. Someone who couldn't tell his secrets. A piece of him...? ' Slytherin, of course. I was in my sixth year when I made this book, and prefect at the time. And you? What house were you placed in? ' ' Hah! That proves I can't trust you! All Slytherins have a price! ' Tried to pull one over on him . Well, not today. Not this Malfoy, thank you very much. ' Gryffindor, then. That explains your wisdom of traveling back in time to 'change things', as you said. ' ' Pull the other one. I'm Slytherin, through and through. That's how I know these things .' ' I'm sure. It sounds completely Slytherin to travel back in time, risk everything, and go through seven years of your life all over again in order to help in a war whose outcome won't change. ' ' Alright, then. Have you found a way to travel back multiple years, 'Ambitious Cunning Slytherin. '' Draco only gave a moment before he was writing, again. ' Thought not. Besides. I'm a Malfoy. Malfoys are Slytherin .' ' I can't say you're wrong. In my time, I knew an Abraxus Malfoy. He and his family - immediate and extended alike - were all in the house. Not a bad fellow, when he wasn't stirring up trouble with first years .' ' I...believe you're speaking of my grandfather. Strange. You certainly don't sound your age. ' And Draco was an expert at finding people who didn't sound their age. He had first-hand experience, after all. ' I did make this diary when I was sixteen. Although I might be quite old by your standards, my mind and manner are preserved at the age I was when making this. ' ' How interesting. You sound like a second year. ' Draco smirked, far too pleased with himself. ' Ah, so you were hiding your true house! I had no idea I was speaking with a Hufflepuff. With that poor humor, there's nothing else you could be .' ' How dare you! I will not allow myself to be compared to a house of tittering ninnies, preaching their love to the heavens! ' It went on much like this for Draco wasn't sure how long. Hours, at the very least, seeing as he was called down for lunch after what only felt like a short while. It... It really was nice. To be able to talk with someone - of sorts - about everything that was going on. Even if most of that talking was cleverly insulting each other back and forth. ' I still don't trust you ,' Draco wrote with a quiet hum as he began to set the book up. ' You would be a poor Slytherin if you did. My offer still stands, however. As long as you give this book to no one, then I'll never be able to tell of your secrets. It's a rather altruistic move, but... I'd be happy to offer advice if needed. It is my job as prefect to help younger Slytherins. ' ' We'll see. ' Draco closed the book with a smirk, rising and heading down to the dining hall. Finally, someone on his level of wit! Someone who couldn't tell anyone else his secrets! It was nice to have Harry know a thing or two, but Harry played too big a part to tell him everything. With this diary, he could tell all his secrets and still be safe. It... It was perfect.