me about when we found out that I was pregnant with Scorpius?" She stroked her little boy's hair. "Okay then. It was –" "Draco!" she screamed. "What?" he ran upstairs, thinking Hermione was in some kind of a problem. He saw tears trickling her face. "What is it? Why are you crying? Are you hurt?" he asked. Worrying. "No I'm not. Look." She lifted her wrist. And the she showed him muggle pregnancy test strips on the counter. "Your wrist is pink. So? And there are two stripes on every strip that you showed me. And you're crying. Can you get me out of the dark?" "I was late, and I test on the magical and muggle pregnancy test. And guess what?" "What?" he's still not getting it. She smacked him and screamed. "I'm pregnant you idiot! I'm sorry I didn't mean that." He was speechless. "That explains the missing cookies." He wondered. She pouted. He laughed and then he hugged her tight. "I must tell mother. She'll be so excited. She's been waiting you know. You should tell your parents too!" he was excited now. She could see it in his eyes. He even bounced up and down before he got to his feet and went for an owl. Suddenly Hermione laughed hysterically. "Why? What's wrong?" he asked quizzically. "Nothing. You remind me of something." She still giggled. "Tell me, or else?" "Or else what?" she dared him. "I'm going to make you to stay with my mother during pregnancy. You've seen what she's done with my cousin few years ago. You'll be in hell!" "No! No no no no." she said to her horror. "Fine. When you were bouncing just now, you remind me of when you were transfigured into a white ferret by a fraud Professor Moody." She continued to giggle helplessly. "No. you still remember that? That was embarrassing!" he said, going away to fetch his Eagle Owl. "But you were the one and only handsome ferret I've ever met!" she shouted from the bathroom. Draco was in their fourth year when that happened. He was about to hex Harry, but Professor Moody caught them. He transfigured that poor husband of her into a white ferret and bounced him up and down. She giggles again. The rest of her pregnancy went well. As a healer herself, she knew the dos and don'ts while ones were pregnant. Scorpius was an active fetus during. Narcissa said, he was like Draco himself. But something was surely bothering Draco. He was distracted often and Hermione thought, she knew what was bothering him. When he was staring into space on their porch, Hermione thought it was the best time to try and talk to him. "Hey, babe. What's bothering you?" she slithered her hands around his waist from the back and rested her cheek on his spine. She liked listening to his heartbeat. "Do you think I can be a good father? I don't think I can." He finally voiced out his worries. "Of course you can. You have been the greatest husband a woman can have; surely you can be a good father." "But I don't know how. I don't have a role model. My father wasn't like a father to me. He was more like a – Dementor." He chuckled at his thought. "Well, without the deadly kisses, that's for sure." They laughed. She turned him around to face her and cupped his cheeks lovingly. She looked him straight in the eyes and comforted him like no other woman can do. "Draco Malfoy. You were the greatest man I've ever met. You've been a greatest husband to me and any great husband can be a great father. You are yourself. You're not your mother, and certainly you are not your father. You don't have to worry about it you know. We can learn how to be parents together." "Okay. I'll try and throw away all my worries about that. Thanks, love." He kissed her. "You were right. I'm not my father." He said. "Of course I'm right. I'm a woman. And a woman is always right." She chuckled. "You are one cheeky woman. And I love you so much." They kissed. "I want a kiss too, daddy." A sleepy voice was heard. "Of course, buddy. I'd kiss you all day." He proceeded to attack his beloved son with kisses. Hermione laughed and tickled their son. Loud hysterical giggles were heard all over that manor. Narcissa heard them from the main hall. She smiled to herself. Before Hermione, the only laugh that was heard in this manor was Voldemort's. But not the cheery one. More like the eerie one. She still remembered when Draco was asked by Voldemort to kill Dumbledore. She despised that day, and despised her husband for letting Draco follow his footsteps. She was so grateful that Draco chose Hermione to be his soulmate. And her grandson, he had his father's good look and his mother's wit. A very excellent combination and she was sure that that boy will make girls beg for his attention. But knowing his mother, Narcissa was sure that that boy will respect woman as he respects his mother. She couldn't be more grateful that she finally had a happy life, even without a husband. Draco, Hermione and Scorpius were enough for her. She doesn't need anybody else. FIN Author's Note: Hello guys. I'm so nervous about this. This is my very first time writing a fanfic. And this is a one-shot story. I wrote this in three days, can you believe it? I don't. Pardon me for any mistakes, grammar error or anything because English is my second language in my country. And I watched a lot of American movies so forgive me if this story does not sound British to you guys. The English language system we learnt is British but somehow I felt like its American. I don't know. Please review so I can make improvements. Thank you very much.