from it. She taught mother and me to use the kitchen appliances, and the machine that washes our clothes. But most of our clothes were too expensive to be washed brutally like that. She ended up coming to our manor to help scourgify our clothes and help with dusting the manor. Mother and she grew closer and one day, I saw mother laughed. I don't know what Hermione said but mother looked very happy, and she doesn't look happy before the downfall of Voldemort. That, was before I love her. There she was sitting in mother's garden one evening. I went and sat with her, looking to the point she was staring. "What are you thinking, Hermione?" "Harry's getting married next month. And here I am. Alone with no family." "You have mother. My mother. And me. So you're not alone." "Draco." she gasped. Pretending to be shocked. "What?" "You share?" looking at my reaction, she laughs. "I'm not that bad you know. I was used to masking everything I felt. And now I'm free to show my emotions. And I'm relieved." "Yeah. I don't know what to say. I was just kidding by the way." She said looking at point she was staring just now. "Hermione. I like you." he finally confessed. "Since the day you slapped me square in the face." He said with a straight face. "What? You're just kidding right. Ha ha very funny." But looking at his straight face, she was stunned. "You're not kidding." "No I'm not." "Well, actually," she paused. "Ilikeyoutoo." She closed her eyes tightly. "Really?" "Yeah." She nodded her head. "How could someone like the person who slapped him in the face?" she teased. "How could someone like the person who grew her teeth out?" with that, I earned a punch on the shoulder. Ow. This woman. And that was the story of my life, before I met her. After a year of dating, we got married. Mother was the happiest person when she heard about our engagement. We invited our close friends and the wedding was held on the manor's ground. Not leaving mother alone, we moved into the manor after the wedding. Well, she moved in. I finally see eye to eye with Potter. Potters now. There are three Potters already. And another one on the way. We became good friends. I got my magic back. Oh god, how I missed it. On our wedding night, Hermione was shocked and she cried upon seeing the scars my father left on my body. I comforted her and said it was the past. He couldn't do anything to me anymore. Oh talking about him, the aurors caught him hiding somewhere near the outskirts of Britain, among the muggles. How irony. Since Hermione moved in, she redecorated the manor. It was no longer gloomy. She said she trying to get rid the nightmares she'd been having by turning the black-walled manor to a bright colored one. Sometimes I woke up and think I'd apparated to a strangers' house during my sleep. My mother became the happiest mother again. No, grandmother. Scorpius Hesperis Malfoy was born on the same birthdate as mine. Hermione said, basically he was the gift for me, for my birthday. And I couldn't ask for more. Mother's going to spoil him rotten. Oh and guess who's his godparents? Yep, you were right. Potter and Potter. Scorpius was the spitting image of me. Not reaching twenty-four hours old yet, he conjured a small teddy bear it fell beside him in the cot. From there I know, he would exceed his mother's wit. However, Scorpius happened after we finished seventh year at Hogwarts. Yep you read it right. Hermione being Hermione, she continued her seventh year at Hogwarts. She even forced me to go with her. And guess what? The professors had to call her Mrs. Malfoy as she already married me before we went back to Hogwarts. We got separate dorms, sadly. But that doesn't prevent us to have some alone time with her. We got caught several times and were pardoned because we were married. Tired of catching we snogged here and there; McGonagall finally gave us our own dorm. Imagine what happened after that. Wink. Luckily she got pregnant right after we graduated. She's now a healer, I'm the boss of Malfoy Enterprises and mother is a full time grandmom, and she loves that job. Leoni Drosera Malfoy was born two years after Scorpius, and Orion Galanthus Malfoy followed after three years. Apparently my genes won a lot and the only things all our children got from Hermione were only the shape of her face and brainy head. Blonde hair, pale flawless skin, grey eyes the ridiculously good looks of mine became theirs. Right now, I was staring outside my window to the garden, seeing my beautiful wife and my kids that I loved so much. I'm grateful I switched side. I'm grateful I was not too late. I'm grateful Harry wants to save me that day and I'm grateful I met her. I'm grateful for everything. To my kids and their kids after them, never ever succumbed to the darkness. No matter how hard life is. Preserve our family name, and remember a Malfoy is always a Malfoy. And Malfoys never lose to the darkness again. And this is the story of my life, before I met her. Draco Lucius Malfoy. P/s: Excuse my language. I earned few punches and slaps from Hermione as I wrote this, and one more punch, my arm will fall off. P/s/s: The conversations were exactly how I remembered them. FIN ~0~ Author's Note: Hey guys. When I read this over and over, I felt like it was hilarious the first time, and boring the second time. And then I read it again, it looks good, and now I don't know. I apologize for the mistakes. English is my second language. And please enjoy and review. Every review is appreciated. Love, me.