traced her wand above Ariana's head and body. "So... Kendra's death?" at Bathilda's question, Albus closed his eyes and took in a long breath. "Yes. Accidental magic. It wasn't her fault." he whispered. Bathilda shook her head in pity. No, it wasn't her fault, she agreed. Ariana seemed fine. No burns or other physical injuries. If she had indeed been the source of the magic, it was unlikely that she would have been affected, unless someone were to deflect it back towards her and she new these boys would never do that, not even to protect themselves. She was thinking very quickly now, her desire to help this family struck by tragedy had not diminished, but she wasn't sure what she could do. Kendra's death was a tragedy and there had certainly been questions surrounding the incident, but it had been one person and with a story backed by all her children, the Ministry never looked too much into it, allowing Kendra to take the blame for the accident. But now, a whole house destroyed, in front of Muggles no less, with no damage spreading an inch outside the property, they were bound to be suspicions. If someone had not already sent an owl to the Ministry of Magic, it was only a matter of time and then, Albus was right, they would take her and keep her there until the day she died. "Aunt Bathilda, we need to leave." she just stared at her nephew, so he continued. "Albus is right, when they come they'll be here for Ariana, we can't let them take her away." "Where... where will you go?" she bit let lower lip and looked at the four in her kitchen. The oldest amongst them was Albus, only eighteen. "What will you do?" "Just get away from here for now and keep Ariana safe." Albus spoke up. He looked towards his brother, lying still and covered in a thick orange paste. "Madam Bagshot, could you look after Aberforth please? He only has a few more years at Hogwarts and I promise to send some money when we reach London, and more whenever we can. Even if he could come with us with those injuries, I would like to see him complete his education." Bathilda looked at her nephew and his friend, their eyes unflinching while she tired to see if they would back down. She knew if anyone could look after Ariana it would be these two. Despite certain misgivings others had towards her nephew, these two boys had already surpassed their peers in many ways. She almost wanted to tell them to give Ariana up and let the healers take care of her, so that they could achieve greatness wherever they desired. But she knew better than to say it out loud, she could imagine the disappointment in their eyes if she even suggested it. No. They were still young and brilliant. They would overcome this trial and whatever else was thrown at them, and their names would eventually become known to the whole wizarding world. They still have time. She made up her mind. "Gellert, go to your room and pack whatever you feel you should take. Quickly now." her nephew nodded and quickly left the kitchen. She told the other boy to stay and moved quickly to her room, where she removed a small pouch from a hidden compartment in her desk, with all the Galleons she could spare. She looked around her room trying to think of anything else that might help them, but just shook her head slightly and returned. "Albus, here take this. All the money I can spare at the moment." Gellert ran in with his trunk ready to leave. Albus opened his mouth ready to argue with her, but she interrupted him. "No take it and don't argue, we don't have time. You don't need to send any money, I have enough to take care of myself and your brother, more than enough. Spend this and whatever else you have, looking after yourselves and your sister. Go to London, but don't visit Gringotts, just get whatever you think is essential and then move on to somewhere you won't draw much attention. I'll try and owl you when things have settled down a bit, but until then try to stay hidden." Albus stared at her almost as if he wanted to say something and Gellert tensed slightly. Albus then just lowered his head and said a quiet thank you. "You're welcome Albus. Now go. The floo powder is by the fireplace, Gellert you first." As Gellert Grindelwald vanished through the green flames that appeared in the fireplace, Albus Dumbledore, stood up and tried to hold his sister as physically close to him as possible. He grabbed a handful of the green powder and took a moment to look back towards his brother. He wasn't sure when they would see each other again. Even though they had never been that close, they still loved each other and to leave like this... Both his parents had given their lives for his sister and he tried to convince himself that they would understand, and agree with his decision to leave his brother behind. He tried not to even think about the Memory Charm they performed or the injuries inflicted on him when they blew up the house. "Madam Bagshot, I'll find a way to help Ariana control her magic and I'll be back. Tell my brother that will you?" Albus Dumbledore's eyes were almost regretful. Bathilda quickly reassured him. "I will make sure to tell him. If anyone can find a way it's you and Gellert." "Thank you." Albus said sincerely to the kind old witch. The he turned slightly to his unconscious brother and whispered, "Forgive me Aberforth…" He threw the floo powder into the fireplace and as the green flames rose wildly he spoke clearly, "Diagon Alley" and without looking back, holding his sister tightly, he stepped into the flames.