Dumbledore breaks his gaze with Lucius and adjusts his spectacles. "Lucius," he says slowly, "I'm not here to play games with you. I assumed that you were serious about accepting my offer. We already had this discussion last time." He pushes back his chair and starts rising from the table. "Perhaps I should come back another time once you've had more time to think." No. No. No. Dumbledore cannot leave. How could he manage to screw this up in mere minutes? He cannot go back to his cell. "Albus… stay ." He surprises himself at how needy his voice sounds. "No games. I'm serious." He drops the scowl from his face and shows Dumbledore a little bit of teeth, his version of a smile. "You have my word." "Alright." Albus sits back down and reaches inside his front robe pocket for a small circular container. He twists it open and pops a canary yellow candy into his mouth. Then he slides the small tin toward Lucius and smiles. "Lemon drop?" Lucius stares down at the small tin as if he were being offered a taste of juniper berries rather than a harmless sweet. This must be a test. Dumbledore still doesn't trust him. "Yes, thank you." He drops a lemon drop onto his tongue—tart and acidic at first and then strangely sweet. Not bad. Not bad at all. Then again, after eating prison food for weeks even sour candies taste heavenly to him. "They're exquisite." "Aren't they?" Dumbledore's eyes light up in that oh-so annoying twinkling fashion of his. "Have another." "No...thank you." He gawks at Dumbledore as if his beard has just turned blue. By far, this is the strangest business meeting he has ever attended. He clears his throat but cannot find his voice. For once, he's having trouble asking for what he wants. "You are not a bad person," Dumbledore tells him. "Regardless of what you or the rest of the world seems to think. You love your son and your family." Of course he does! But what does loving his family have to do with him being a good person? Lucius is not a good person . Good. That word leaves a foul taste in his mouth. It's probably best not to share that with Dumbledore. Instead, he nods in reply. "I can help you," Dumbledore continues, "I can protect you and your son, Narcissa." "And Severus." "What?" Dumbledore blinks at him. "Severus," he repeats, "I want immunity for myself and protection for him as well." Dumbledore laughs; he tilts his head toward his right shoulder and strokes his beard. "Oh, Lucius," he says, his eyes still crinkled with amusement, "you and me both want protection for Severus. Yet, I've never met a wizard more stubborn...or who takes more unnecessary risks." Lucius snorts and shakes his head. "Tell me about it." This was odd, really fucking odd. He has something in common with Albus Dumbledore and they are having an almost pleasant conversation. Perhaps this merger might be possible after all. "I don't want to hide," he says, after the laughter passes. "What?" " Hide . I don't want to take Narcissa and Draco out of the country. I won't flee my own country, my own home." Dumbledore stares at him intently. He strokes his beard again and pops another lemon drop into his mouth. The old man's eyes never leave his though; it's as if his harsh gaze is piercing through him. "I understand." Dumbledore's voice is firm but not unkind. "You do know what that means though? It only leaves you one other option. You'll have to—" "Turn in my oldest friends. Become a spy for you. A blood traitor ….I understand, old man. I'm not daft." Lucius gulps. He did not mean to speak so harshly to Dumbledore, but he cannot stand when people patronize him. "I know that." Dumbledore pauses for a moment and cracks his knuckles. "It was not my intention to offend you, Lucius," he explains. "You must understand how dangerous your job would be. It might cost you your life. Is that a price you're prepared to pay?" He takes a deep breath before responding. Lucius is not a martyr or a brash Gryffindor, but he cannot back down from this fight. "Albus, I cannot let my son suffer for my indiscretions. This is not his battle." Dumbledore nods his head somberly; it's as if all the energy has been sucked out of the room. "Very well," he says. "I can be back on Monday with the necessary paperwork to secure your release." He gets up from his chair and reaches across the table, holding out his hand for Lucius to grasp. "Do we have a deal?" This is it. If Lucius agrees to this now, he cannot go back on his word. He'll be thrown back into Azkaban or worse, hunted by both sides. But if he doesn't agree…no, it's too late to change his mind. Years ago, he made a deal with the devil. How much worse could this deal be? "Alright." He reaches out and meets Dumbledore's hand, shaking it firmly. "You have my word, old man. Just get me out of here quickly. The food is dreadful." Dumbledore shakes his head and laughs again. Apparently, the good guys do that a lot. "I'll see what I can do." Lucius releases Dumbledore's hand and lets out a sigh of relief. He wonders briefly what James would think of him for making this compromise with Dumbledore. Would he be impressed? Perhaps too little too late? Closing his eyes, he imagines James waiting for him outside these walls with Draco, cheering that they can finally be together. . Lucius shrugs these thoughts off. James is in the past where he belongs. Nothing more, nothing less. He is finally getting out of here. His nightmare is over. ~Fin A/N: Thank you so much for reading this Lucius-centric story and rare pairing. Comments are greatly appreciated. Cheers, Ashii & Icicle