Janavi either. Serious, soft-spoken, quite, intelligent… Kunwar Aditya was everything Janavi could ever want in a man, in her man. He usually got her jokes and references, which nobody except Harry was usually able to follow. He was kind and a skilled swordsman. He would make a good king… and as much as the idea of Janavi becoming his Queen hurt him, he couldn't argue that it was logical. And Janavi looked happy with him. Often Aditya would say something, and she would laugh. Janavi never laughed at jokes, unless they were told by him. But even now, he could see her laughing. Sitting on the grass with HIM, as he regaled some or the story of her brother or explained her something new that alchemists have been working on in a humorous way, or something.. Hadrian slammed the window shut. The candles in his room burning brighter. Flopping down on the bed, he looked up at the ceiling. No, he had work, he needed to leave this place now. It would make sense to complete what he had to do. He would end this business with Voldemort first and then think of anything else. " You really think this is what you want, Rian?" Janavi's mother said "I do think it would be best, Mother" Janavi's father, was looking at him with something akin to pride," I believe we did not go wrong with this one" he said to her. For some unknown reason, warmth bloomed in his chest. "Janavi would want to know, child" Mother whispered hugging him to her chest. "She'll understand that it's the best course of action." Hadrian said his voice thick, "The Queen doesn't think I should be around her, Mother. If I'm not here, maybe she'll not press Janavi to get married so soon. It will be easier for everyone." "Son!" Janavi's father exclaimed," My mother can think what she wants! I would hate to see her hurt!" Janavi's father, who was generally the smartest man you could talk to, was the most gullible man on the planet when it came to Janavi. "What I'm going to do is dangerous, Father" Harry said, hoping to appeal to his protectiveness," She could get hurt, or die." "You do what you think is right, son" He said, a distant look on his face. Hadrian and Mother shared a look. They agreed that he had to act soon. The door of his flat opened with a bang. Jumping immediately, he raised his hand. Blue light crashed against an invisible shield and he was blasted behind. Gasping and getting up, Hadrian looked up. SLAP! His body shook from the force. "How could you." Her tone was cold and dead. Hadrian stayed quite and stared at the ground, shock and pain turning to something he did not understand. He looked up, meeting her eyes. "When I left, I told you. I informed you before leaving. You owed me that MUCH!" Her eyes were cold. "It was for the best" Hadrian said quietly. "No. It was what you narrow-mindedly decided to do." She said sharply, "We share every plan that we make, Hadrian! Everything! How could you think I would not be part of your plan? How could you?" "I had to leave!" "We've had no time together, Hadrian." She whispered Hadrian averted his eyes. "You could die there. I wouldn't know!" "Which is for the best!" SLAP! She grabbed him by his shirt and pressed him against the wall. "I don't want you to leave me" She said sharply, her eyes open, no trace of jest on her face. "Why not, Janavi?" He said sharply, fighting off the same unidentifiable feeling coursing through his body. "Why not?" She repeated in disbelief. "We are best friends", Hadrian rationalized, "We've been playmates, each others' first friends, we clearly care for each other, but-" "But", She said sharply pushing her body into his, his erection pressing on her stomach, "We aren't just best friends." "W-w-we do love each other like friends, Janavi, but-" "No, Hadrian." Janavi said softly, he could smell the orange blossoms in her hair mingled with her sweat and something else. He was aroused. He felt crowded and unsettled with her so close to him. Her smell was making his head dizzy by the second. He wasn't able to… She started kissing him. He couldn't touch her..she was the Princess… She was biting his lip… He had to hold back… he wasn't able to… She grinded her hip on his. He grabbed her body and turned them both, so that she was against the wall and kissed her. "Like a man loves a woman" He agreed, kissing her again. There was no way of gracefully evading it now. "Are you sure?" Janavi whispered breathless, she previous boldness disappearing suddenly," Are you absolutely sure?" "Jaan, I can tell you with absolute certainity" He whispered, his fingers caressing her cheekbones. It made no sense to admit it, yet he couldn't think of a better time. Magic itself telling him to admit his heart. "You are the first woman I saw in six years, the only one I care to look at anymore" "You haven't actually met a lot of women" She disagreed, he smiled a bit, again comforted with the characteristic response. "You have" He said lightly, the memory of Aditya and Janavi coming back to him," And here you are" "What do you mean" She said narrowing her eyes at him. "Just that we are not different. Not much, anyway" He said lightly. She remained quite, uncharacteristically thoughtful. Frowning, she looked up and opened her mouth to say something, her eyes zeroing on the something. "Its our flight!" she snapped, pushing him lightly aside and hurried across the room. Grabbing her handbag. He gave her a very amused look. "Hurry up!" She snarled. The fact that she was coming with him was obviously not up for discussion. A.N.- This is my first attempt! Let me know what you think!