but it is the most expensive drink on the menu. 42 Galleons each." Hermione sputtered. "42 Galleons? That's insane." Ginny shrugged. "There are real gold flakes in the drink or something." "That's preposterous." Hermione huffed, hoping she didn't sound as petulant as she felt. "And wasteful." A tense silence spread between them as they waited for the bartender to return with the drinks. Parkinson seemed to make good use of the time and had already draped an arm around Lavender's shoulder. She traced circles on her thigh with her opposite hand. Lavender giggled like an insufferable schoolgirl, which drudged up old painful memories that Hermione did not want to revisit. Luckily, the bartender showed up with their drinks—two miniature goblets, crafted from gold and embellished with rubies and emeralds. Bugger, Ginny had been right again. It looked like Hermione would be going home 20 Galleons poorer tonight. "Told you." Ginny gloated. "Yeah, yeah." The two girls toasted with their goblets and then drank. Pansy took small, dainty sips, but Lavender gulped it down like water, a dreamy, faraway look in her eyes. "They'll leave soon," Ginny added. "Unless Lavender wants to have a quickie in the loo." Hermione tried to ignore the tension that started growing in her gut. Why was watching this little charade bothering her so much? And what was it about Pansy that women found so irresistible? She wasn't that attractive. There was little doubt in her mind that Lavender — husband or not — would not reject her. The deal was almost sealed. As the two girls finished their drinks, Hermione used the opportunity to study Parkinson. She had to find out what her appeal was. Besides the sequined shorts, she wore a tight white T-shirt with a plunging neckline. Although Parkinson's breasts were nothing to scoff at — Hermione suspected a respectable B cup — they were far from oversized and her own as well as Lavender's were much larger. A pair of black braces and biker boots completed the look. And—her face was free of makeup except for a striking blood red shade of lipstick; her hair was cut short and layered, long side swept fringe framing her heart-shaped face. Even though she was more attractive or at least intriguing than she had been during school, Parkinson was not the most attractive woman in the room. She was barely above average, in comparison to some of the willowy blondes she had seen earlier. Hell, even some of the half-naked blokes, grinding on the dance floor were more beautiful than she was. Yet, there was something about her—a presence that Hermione could not ignore, which had been mesmerizing since she first spotted her earlier. Parkinson had her own unique sense of allure, which like her style was both masculine and feminine, predatory and coy. All Hermione knew was that even though she'd never been attracted to women before, as she watched Parkinson fuss over Lavender, she wished it were her instead. She wanted her, yearned to know what it would be like to stroke those long legs, to have those lean fingers twist in her hair, and those plump lips brush against her ear. Holy Merlin Fuck, what was that Pink Panty Dropper cocktail doing to her? These feelings weren't real. She could not be attracted to Pansy Parkinson. She was married. To a man. A handsome man. Or at least a formerly handsome man. While lost in her thoughts, she didn't even notice that Parkinson and Lavender were no longer by the fake jukebox. "Where did they go?" Ginny jerked her head towards the exit. Hermione was almost afraid to look, afraid of the nausea and desire that watching Parkinson leave with Lavender would bring. Yet, she couldn't stop herself. What if it was the last time she ever saw Pansy? She turned and looked. As she watched them disappear down the dark corridor, walking hand-in-hand, the nausea she had been expecting flared, but so did a familiar urge to tear every single one of those blonde hairs from Lavender's head. What was so bloody great about Lavender Brown anyway? "Pay up." Ginny said, a giddy smile stretching her lips. "And don't look so glum. Maybe next time Pansy will take you home." "I'm not." Hermione attempted to keep her expression indifferent and didn't dignify Ginny's rude comment with a response. The truth was it hit too close to home. Instead she said, "I just think it's appalling that Lavender thinks so little of her marriage vows." Still smiling, Ginny shook her head. "I told you. No one can resist Pansy. She may be a bitch, but she has this way about her—" Hermione's eyes grew wide. "Wait a second? Are you saying that you...and... she ? Is that what that look was about before? Why you know all her moves?" Ginny nodded. "In the alley out back." She sighed and looked blankly into the crowd, clearly reminiscing. "One of the strongest orgasms I've ever had. She just vanished my knickers with this handy little spell of hers and damn..." She bit down on her lip. "That girl can do more with one finger than most men can with their dicks." Hermione could not believe what she was hearing. Ginny and Parkinson? In the back alley? Images of Ginny with flushed cheeks moaning against a brick wall, while Parkinson disappeared beneath her skirt flashed through her mind. That was so...so...demeaning, improper, degrading , she tried to convince herself. But no matter how many derogatory terms she equated with the act, it didn't stop the rush of heat accumulating in between her thighs. "I hope it was one of the times you and Harry were on a break." Ginny wriggled her eyebrows. "Wouldn't you like to know? Maybe we talk about in the bedroom and get off on it." Hermione shook her head, amused. "You cheeky bitch." TBC... A/N: Thanks so much for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts. Good or bad. Cheers, Icicle