pile and walked over to the animal. I held my hand out to it and ran my hand across its side. "Thestrals," Draco called them. "Such hideous creatures." "They're beautiful," I defended the creature. He simply rolled his eyes and boarded the empty carriage. "Come on, then," He said. "Unless you wish to walk to Hogwarts?" he raised an eyebrow. I hurriedly climbed onto the carriage and sat across from him. I avoided his gaze the entire ride, watching the forest carefully, to the castle. "What year are you in?" I asked him after a while, finally looking at him. "Seventh," he said in a bored tone. "Me, too," I said. "At least, I think I am. In America I would be in my tenth year, since they start teaching wizards how to control their powers earlier back home. So I'll only be in Hogwarts for the last two years." His head tilted. He seemed intrigued by what I had said. I went on to tell him about the last wizardry school I had been in. He listened intently as I talked. The carriage came to a halt in front of the castle. It was so unexpected that I fell with a squeal and landed flat on my butt. Draco laughed loudly, nearly falling on the ground himself as he was laughing so hard. "Bit clumsy, are we?" He mocked, still chuckling. I growled and gave him the angriest look I could manage. "Don't just sit there," I ordered. "Help a girl up, will you?" he stopped laughing and stood up. Taking my hands, he pulled me up. The power of the pull was so strong that I ended up pressed against his chest, our hands still intertwined. At that moment, the world seemed to freeze as I looked into his eyes, mesmerized by the infinite shades of grey and blue. His expression softened as one of his hands wrapped around my waist. I let out a low gasp as he pressed my body closer to his. His gaze left my eyes as he glanced down at my lips. I realized at that moment how much I wanted him, wanted to kiss him, kiss him until my lips bled. Our faces were inches apart, his breath so sweet that it made me dizzy. I blinked several times, assuming this wasn't real, but sure enough, he was still there, his body pressed against mine. He leaned in closer, our lips not a hair's width apart. "You wish," Draco whispered, his breath hitting my face again. He let go of me and jumped down from the carriage. He stalked toward the door and into the Great Hall. "What the heck just happened?" I squeaked, thinking aloud. I slowly got down off the carriage and made my way to the Great Hall, still frazzled by what had just happened. I would definitely be getting him back for that. As I stepped into the large dining hall, all eyes turned to me. Everyone stared. All the first years had been sorted and the feast had already begun. Needless to say, I stuck out like a sore thumb. "Ah, Miss Ruinae," A tall, old wizard with a long white beard called from an enchanted podium at the front of the room. "It seems you just missed the sorting. No matter, come and we'll sort you quickly. I nodded and walked forward to join him. I assumed that this man was none other than Professor Dumbledore: the one who had sent me my Hogwarts letter. As I walked by the tables of students, I heard several whispered comments that I'm sure I wasn't meant to hear: "What is she wearing?" "Are those real tattoos?" "I bet she was with Malfoy. She looks like the kind of girl he'd chase after." "Is that the American?" "She definitely belongs in Slytherin." I ignored them all and joined Dumbledore beside the podium. He gestured to the stool in front of me, and I sat on it, crossing my arms and crossing one leg over the other. An older woman in a black cloak came forward with a ratty, brown hat. She stood behind me and placed the hat on my head. I looked around to the other students. The first to catch my eyes was Luna. She was watching intently, giving me a nod as if to say 'good luck'. Next I saw Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Ron was stuffing his face while Harry and Hermione stared at the hat, waiting for it to sort me. Last to catch my eye was Blaise and Draco. Blaise winked at me, making me grin and wink back playfully, and Draco watched with an unreadable expression. "Quite a curious case you are," the Hat said. "You have the knowledge of a Ravenclaw, the slyness of a Slytherin, and you're as fearless as a Gryffindor. You are loyal and brave. I have only seen one witch as brilliant as you," it mused. "Either house will suit you all." "Just pick already," I grumbled. "Ah, she's impatient, as well!" It stated. Some students laughed, but I merely rolled my eyes. "Very well Miss Ruinae, I know where you will do best. Imogen Ruinae, your house will be-" (A/N) **Well? What do you think? I hope Draco wasn't too OOC. I tried to make him snotty, but i'm not sure if i got him right, yet. this is post-war(Deathly Hallows) and it will be more based on the movies. I can't wait to continue writing and post Chapter 2, which is almost done. Next chapter also explains how Dumbledore is in the story. ** Which house do you think our little 'Mo' will be in? **Don't forget to review (: i live off your input, and will not continue writing if i feel my story isn't being read. So if you like it, let me know! **Each Chapter will have a song[or song lyrics] that inspired it, and it should relate to the chapter. ~ICanHearThemToo~