her taut posture lecturing in the front of a classroom, her hair, her laughter, the dark lord's sneer, his broken father, his breaking mother, the softness of her skin when she accidentally brushed against his hand, the twinkle in her eye when she felt like she had a particularly good retort. And filled with anger, frustration, and fear, he does the only thing he can think of- he kisses her. She lets out an oomph of surprise, her fingers briefly pushing him away, before she suddenly grows pliant, opening her mouth in a sigh as her fingers push into his hair, grasping roughly at the strands. He runs his hand up her neck, holding her roughly underneath her jaw, as his other hands pulls her hips into him, grinding himself into her stomach. She lets out a breathy moan at the contact, and he bites down on her lip, eliciting another breathless sound from her. Her arms wind around his neck, and she steps on his shoes as she tries to get closer to him. "Sorry," she breathes out, and the word is like a bucket of cold water. He steps away from her abruptly. Her eyes are glazed and wide, her mouth swollen and shining. She raises one hand up, swiping her index finger against her lips, and he stumbles back, horrified. He stares at her, panic clouding his vision, and then turns to leave. "Malfoy," she calls out, and against his better judgment, he pauses, his body tense. "Just—just come back to the library," she finally says, her voice soft. He stares there for a minute, breathing in deeply, her taste still on his tongue. Then he walks away, not looking back. February, 1997 He comes back to the library a month after what he's come to call the incident. He spends the first two weeks after constantly looking over his shoulder, suspicious at every turn that Potter's gangly frame would grab him and drag him down to Dumbledore's office, hexing him until he admits what is happening right under their noses. He is surprised, and suspicious, when nothing happens. Weasley and Potter still glare at him in their lessons, but Hermione's gaze is more inquisitive, more searching, and he takes great care not to meet her look straight on, avoiding any places where she might be. At their weekly lessons, he stands at the back of the class, directly across from her, a sea of students between them so that he can avoid being near her. He adds little to the discussions, but glares at any student that doesn't listen to her lectures. He can't get her scent, the feel of her hair, the smoothness of her lips, out of his mind, and at night when he can't sleep, haunted by his senses, he thinks he might be going mad. He finally stalks into the library late on a Friday and finds her at their table near the far right corner. She looks up when he roughly sits down in the chair and hisses, "What did you tell Potter?" She looks at him, her mouth set in a thin line, and sets down her quill. "I didn't tell him anything." He gives her a disbelieving look, and she stares back, raising one eyebrow. "Don't lie to me, Granger." "I'm not," she says, hotly. They stare at each other, neither breaking eye contact. Finally, he says, "Why haven't you said anything?" His tone is harsh and cold, but there is a vein of curiosity that is threaded within the letters. "Because," she says simply, "I'm going to change your mind." He scoffs and glares at her, making to get up, and she tosses a pile of parchments at him. "Since you're already here, you might as well grade these with me." He scowls at her, but sits down again anyways. Halfway through the pile, they're bickering loudly, and then she drags him over to the potions section, intent on proving him wrong. "Mundugwarts are not endemic to South America," she says, huffing. "Granger, I've been to South America, I'm telling you right now they most certainly are." She makes some aggravating noise, and scans the books in front of her, reaching for a thick hardcover textbook right as he does. Their fingers collide, and he looks at her, suddenly noticing how close she is. His eyes drift down, settling on her gently curved cupid's bow. Her breathing quickens, her neck tensing with the rapid movements, and he watches a slight flush swim across her chest. Quickly, he bends down and kisses her, his touch rough. She responds just as fast, hands fisting into his robes as he backs her up against the bookshelf. All he can think is mistakemistakemistakemistake but he kisses her hard, one hand digging into her hip as the other squeezes her breast She inhales sharply, startled, and his fingers loosen, rubbing circles against the hard points of her nipples instead. Her sigh drifts off into a moan, and he groans against her shoulder fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck. This is the last time he thinks, biting down gently into the soft column of her neck before he begins sucking at the skin there. The thought sends a frisson of panic inside of him, and he pushes against her, trying to get impossibly closer. He reaches for her knee, pinning it up against the bookshelf so that he can rub himself against her heat, and she throws back her neck, eyes closed as she lets out a loud moan. He clamps one hand against her mouth, the other casting a quick muffliato as he thrusts against her again, his own growl low and deep inside his chest. OnelasttimeOnelasttimeOnelasttime. Authors Note: Hi guys! This is my first story, and I'm so excited to share it with you. Please leave a review! Not only does it make me edit faster (this is currently un-betaed so all mistakes are my own) but I'd also just love to get to know you guys!