Draco in two of our classes, they'll be Hogsmeade trips, and Quidditch games, and…" Harry paused, his green eyes lighting up. "Quidditch! Quidditch is back! Hermione, it's back!" he cried, jumping off the couch with his fist in the air. "It'll start up again in February…it's only October, Harry," Hermione pointed out. "I know. But we still have to get teams together and practice maneuvers, and work on positioning, and…" Harry trailed off, a grin stretching from ear to ear on his face. "This year's match will be different though," Draco announced, leaning against his doorframe. "Because I'm going to be the one to catch the Snitch." "No you're not! I will!" "Not this year." "I always catch it!" "Not this time." "I will catch it!" "No you won't." "Yes I will!" "No you won't!" "I think that's enough," Hermione said stepping between both boys, who were now within strangling distance of the other. "Yes I will!" "No you won't!" "ENOUGH!" "He started it," Draco and Harry accused each other at the same time. "You both did. Harry, go sit on the couch. Draco, sit next to him but leave the middle spot open. Straighten up your robes- Harry, your tie is crooked. I'll go get the camera." "I'm not going to go easy on you," Harry stated, sitting on the couch. "Same here." "But this year…let's play fair, okay?" "Fine by me." "Are both of you ready?" Hermione asked, exiting from her room with a normal, muggle camera in hand. "I really want this picture to turn out nice." "Butterscotch, stay," Harry ordered, looking at his puppy on the chair. The Golden Retriever whined but stayed put, tail thumping on the armrest. Hermione plopped herself down between both boys and put the camera on a pile of books on the table in front of them. "It's going to take automatically. So smile nice when you see the red light." A second later, a bright flash went off and Hermione scooped up her camera, both Harry and Draco rubbing their eyes furiously from the light. "Time to head down to breakfast," she said cheerily, trying to mask the weight that had settled on her shoulders. This would be the last time that they'd all go down together. "Just let me say good bye first," Harry said, scooping Butterscotch into his arms. "McGonagall should be coming to collect him later today- and since we won't be able to get back in…well, I'm going to miss him." After the puppy had been passed around the three teenagers, Draco even handing over one of his shoes for the dog to chew on, the three linked arms, Hermione in the middle with Draco on her right and Harry on her left. Stepping out of the room, the trio turned to say good bye to their portrait. "We'll make sure to visit often," Hermione said, noticing the tear streaked face and running white face paint. "Don't worry- next year you'll have company again." "It was a pleasure getting to meet you all," the jester sniffled, blowing his nose in a large, spotted handkerchief. "Good day to you, my lady. My lords," he said, bowing to each. "Bye, Leviculus," Harry and Draco chorused. "We will stop by, don't worry," Harry promised. Setting off down the corridor, the three turned their backs to their old home, never to go in it again. But hey! Breakfast was just down the hall. "You guys hungry?" Hermione asked, blinking back tears and unconsciously tightening her grip on Draco's hand. "Starved." "Famished." "That's good to hear," she grinned. "Because Harry? We have Care of Magical Creaturesthird hour…and I think we're going to need our strength." Draco snickered. "I don't have to go till tomorrow." By now, they were standing on the threshold of the Great Hall, students once more sitting at their house tables. "Guess this is it," Hermione murmured. "Now…now, it's over." "Hey," Draco said, voice unnaturally gentle. "We can see each other at any time. Things are just going to be a…little different from now on." "I liked the way things were." "MIONE! HARRY!" Ron called, waving his arms wildly. "DRACO! OVER HERE!" Pansy yelled, standing on the bench. "Go on," Draco said, releasing Hermione's hand. "Your friends are calling you." "Promise me one thing," she said, turning to face him and taking both of his hands in hers. "That no matter what, we'll always be friends." "Promise," Draco smiled, teetering back as Hermione gave him a hug, his arms wrapping hesitantly around her. Harry smirked as he and Hermione headed over to the Gryffindor table a few minutes later, Draco going for Slytherin's. Friends? By the time he was done with them, they wouldn't be friends. They'd be something much more. Author's Notes: :gasps: And the first chapter of OST is up! Yay! As a reminder, if you haven't voted on the last chapter of PC for the poll, please go back and do that now. As always, please do leave a review. I'd love to see who's still here and reading PC's sequel! From what I got between reviews, e-mails, chatroom messages, Aim/Yahoo messenger, Neopets, and DA, over 300 of you should be reading this...I highly doubt each and every one of you will show though...let's see if you can prove me wrong. And a note. I am not certain yet if I'll be updating weekly. I might move it to every two weeks to a month. With work, school, and all of my activities, my year is going to be a lot busier then last. Lastly, some shameless self advertising. XD If you're into X-men Evo. and like Pietro or Kurt, Dying Inside would love to hear from you! Taiho Kuroshi is a fic set with the events of HBP focusing on Draco and Mione. Like angst? Go read. :D And lastly, if you like very angsty and dark HP fics, Black is Our World is getting lonely. I do plan on updating it soon. :smile: