her tights and then her underwear, leaving her skirt in place. He let his fingers trail through her wetness, sighing in pleasure as he felt how much he was affecting her. He let a finger drag over her clit, and she cried out in need, pulling him closer. He gently slipped one inside of her and groaned as he felt how tight she was. He quickly dropped to his knees, kissing up from her knees to her thighs, and finally burying his head beneath her skirt to lick a stripe up her center. She moaned, pushing his head further against her, and rocking her hips forward. He lapped at her clit, pressing a finger into her once more. He was gifted in his size, and he did not want to hurt her. She cried out as he fucked her with one finger, then two, all the while sucking and nipping at her clit. She began to tense, and he pulled her closer by her hips, showing no mercy as her climax hit her. Hermione's jaw dropped open with a strangled cry, "Oh, Draco… Yes!" He continued to work her through her orgasm, quickly bringing her to a second one. Draco quickly reached for his wand, gasping, "Muffliato!" If Granger was going to be this loud, they would need a silencing charm before someone caught them. He stood slowly, ignoring the ache in his knees, and leaning in to kiss her roughly. She clawed at him, their breathing labored as they kissed each other passionately. "Erm… Granger? Can I," he paused, licking his lips and looking nervously at the brunette. She nodded, spreading her knees wider apart, "Please, and hurry!" He gulped, taking himself in hand and giving himself a few strokes for good measure. He stepped between her legs, lining himself up to her entrance. He looked at her once more for confirmation before pressing into her with a grunt. He wasn't going to last long for this. He checked that she was okay, and after a minute of adjustment, he began to thrust, rocking his hips against her and knocking her against the mirror. Her lips parted, and she groaned in ecstasy at the sensation of being penetrated by the younger boy. Draco bit his lip, his jaw dropping as he watched his cock pierce her over and over again. "Oh fuck, " he groaned, gritting his teeth and closing his eyes to gain some control over himself. Hermione clutched painfully at his shoulders, holding on for dear life as he fucked her harder, quickening his pace, "Oh, Draco! Just there, please!" He suddenly pulled out, leaving her pouting at the feeling off emptiness. "Jump down and face the mirror," he ordered. She quickly slid to her feet, turning around and gripping the sink as she watched him step closer, lifting her skirt up for better access. He slid inside her once more, and she watched in awe at their expressions of pleasure as he began to move. This angle had drastically changed the sensations, and she was crying out within a handful of thrusts, "Harder, Draco, please !" He gripped her hips more firmly, and began to pound into her, feeling the pleasure wash over him with every movement. "Fuck, Granger," Draco mused, looking at their reflection, his pupils blown wide in ecstasy. She closed her eyes, her lips parted in a constant stream of gasps and cries, "Right there, I'm so close!" He continued just as she asked, and her fingers tightly gripped the sink as she cried out in her third climax, her knees shaking from the force of it. With that, he was gone, spilling into her with a loud cry of pleasure, her clenching muscles ripping his orgasm from him. He slumped forward against her, spent, and he let his forehead rest against her back as they tried to catch their breath. Finally, he slipped out of her, and helped her upright, blushing shyly as they looked at each other. He helped her find her clothes, and then began to pull his own on slowly, his mind racing. As she reached forward to kiss him, he backed away, stopping her, not looking into her eyes, "Erm, Granger? It's probably best that this doesn't happen again." She sighed deeply, then responded, "You're probably right." It hurt more than it should have to hear her agree, for some part of him wanted her to give him a reason to see her again. He nodded, brushing a strand of hair out of her face, "Well, it was a pleasure, Granger." She looked at him sadly, trying to fight the disappointment washing over her, "Indeed it was… Malfoy." He sighed once more, stroking her cheek tenderly, "No one can know what happened here today. It would be dangerous for both of us." She blinked, and stepped away from his touch, speaking bitterly, "Of course. No one can know that you fucked a Mudblood." He looked at her in surprise, "No- I… Hermi-" He tried once more to reach for her, but she turned on her heel, moving away from him, "Goodbye, Malfoy." He called after her, chasing her as she stormed out of the bathroom and sighed when he saw that she was already gone. The fear from earlier began to coil within him once more. He had a chance to not be alone, and he had ruined it. The comfort that he had felt with Hermione Granger was gone, and he was alone once more. He lifted the silencing charm, and turned with a sigh. He was Draco Malfoy, a sixteen-year-old boy that was to kill Albus Dumbledore, and he stood alone. He headed for the dungeons, fighting the icy sensation in the pit of his stomach. For Draco Malfoy was terrified of the Dark Lord, of those cold, red slits that knew too much. But if there was one thing that he feared more than the Dark Lord himself, it was the thought of being alone.