But he hadn't been a jerk for about 10 seconds, a voice said in her mind. Yes, it was true he hadn't been a jerk on their first ever journey to Hogwarts on the train. She'd been trying to help Neville find his toad when she'd bumped into him. His cronies weren't there with him. "Oh sorry!" she had said. "It's okay." he had smiled. "What's your name?" "Draco Malfoy. And yours?" "Hermione Granger." They'd smiled and parted ways again. And the next time they'd met..BOOM! Born enemies due to blood status, nothing you can do about it. Well it was rubbish in her opinion. If this mania about pure bloods being better than muggleborns was never there, why they could have been best friends! He had never smiled at her again. It was always sneering and snarling and smirking in superiority... Footsteps approached, crunching the snow one the ground. Hermione looked up through moist eyes and could make out Draco Malfoy's lean stature walking towards her. His pale blonde hair glinted in the moonlight, and his hands were in his robe pockets. Hermione's heart plummeted. Why had he come here? To make her feel more miserable than she already was? She didn't even know if it was possible any more. He stopped a few feet away from her, and she saw him hesitate to come closer. Of course, she thought scathingly, how could he come any closer to a mudblood? "Granger-" he started, but she interrupted him. "Whatever it is you came for, Malfoy, finish it and get lost." she said calmly and was pleased that there was no emotion in her voice. "Right." He said, coming forward and crouching down before her, so that their eye's were level. "Why-why are you..uhh..crying?" he asked, hesitantly. "None of your business." she seethed. "Come to have a gloat? Well then get on with it! What are you waiting for?" "No Granger, I didn't come to have a gloat." He replied calmly. "Then why the fuck did you come here?" "Calm down, Granger. I wont bite." he said rolling his eyes. "Now tell me what happened." "What are you playing at?" she asked suspiciously. What was his motive behind this? "Nothing!" he said impatiently. "Just goddamed tell me why you're crying!" "So that you can tell it to the whole school?" she asked coolly. "No thanks." "Hermione, don't be such a kid!" Hermione was shocked into silence. He had used her name. Hermione, he'd said. And it felt.. .right . It felt magical. She hadn't truly appreciated the elegance of her name, before he'd said it out loud. And Draco Malfoy had called her by her real name. Was this news or what? "You-you.." she sputtered. He merely looked at her. "You said my name." she finally managed. "I did." he said sounding amused. She noticed how silver his eyes actually were. Pearly silver. They were distractingly beautiful. "Tell me what happened." he said softly. Hermione had never, ever heard him talk like this before. Was this someone else, that she though was Malfoy because she had been thinking about him? She pinched herself and winced. No...this was real. He was really there talking softly to her. She'd never seen this side of him before. Or had she? On the train during their first journey to Hogwarts? And so she did. She told him everything that had happened. How she'd felt rejected. How Ron had treated her that night. How she hated being chosen as a last resort. How she felt inadequate in front of the other girls. How all the Slytherins would taunt her- She stopped short at this, realizing he himself was a Slytherin. Draco looked at the vulnerable form of Hermione Granger for a long time. He felt guilty, because most of her had expected him to be harsh and cruel towards her. He hadn't had a clean record till now, had he? "Hermione," he said after a long pause. He loved her name on his lips. "first, never, ever think you're inadequate! Merlin, how could you? Have you ever thought about how smart you are? How kind, intelligent, forgiving? How...beautiful?" Hermione had stopped breathing. Draco continued ranting on. "Just because those girls wear skimpy dresses, they aren't all that great. I don't respect them! I respect you! And as for that prat, Weasley, well he's just jealous because Victor Krum got to have such a beautiful lady with him tonight and he couldn't. As for the Slytherins... I- I'm sorry about all that I said, okay? I really am." Draco didn't know where he was getting all the courage to say this. It didn't even feel like it was coming from his mouth. It was his soul talking to her, not his mind. Strange. "Draco Malfoy..." Hermione whispered. "You apologized to me." Draco smiled. A true smile. Something he hadn't done in what...years? It felt weird on his face, but pleasantly so. The night breeze had picked up, whistling through the leaves. The moonlight grew stronger, and the night quieter. They looked at each other a long moment, each lost in their own thoughts. And in that moment, they weren't two people from rival houses; they weren't enemies; they weren't the two who always shouted obscenities to each other. They were just a simple boy and a simple girl enjoying the silence that the night offered. They were just Draco and Hermione, not Malfoy and Granger. Hermione was just an ordinary girl who drew comfort from an ordinary boy, all enmity forgotten. No blood status. No Gryffindor-Slytherin friction. Just plain and simple friendship. At least a foundation for a friendship that would later grow into something else. Something beautiful. Something perhaps, like love. It was just plain and simple Dramione. ...xxx... Hey guys! I hope you liked the one shot! I didn't work on it much, so forgive me if it isn't that eye-catching. Just a small clip for all the Dramione lovers! Adios amigos, La icepopsickle! xD