though,' Hermione put in quickly, trying to block out bad memories that threatened to resurface. "The important thing is that we're together, here. We can start fresh from this year." "No." Hermione looked up at him, startled. A sick feeling crawled into her stomach and despite her efforts, the shadow of those last painful holidays seemed to block the warm light overhead. 'I mean, yeah, I want that. But not exactly." Hermione's stomach slowly started to unclench as he went on. "I just… I do want this to be the start of something new, something good with us. Loads of Christmases together. But I don't want to forget the other stuff." He sighed in frustration. "It's shite, I know a lot of it's shite. But all of it led us here, you know? This year has been… well, that's how I've been trying to look at it, make sense of it. It all happened, but we're here, together. I'm not saying it had to happen the way it did, but it did, and we still have this. It's all a part of us. Even the parts that sucked," he looked down, "...even the parts I'm still sorry for." "Not just you," she whispered. Their eyes met and she could see the intensity burning there. "Even if I wanted to change the last couple Christmases, I can't. But when I think back on them, it just reminds me of how lucky I am to be with you." "It wasn't luck that brought us together, Ron Weasley," she said fiercely, tears stinging her eyes. "I love you." "Gods, I love you, too, Hermione. So much." She could feel it in the way he kissed her, the weight of his words imprinting onto her as surely as the pressure of lips and his arms around her and as they embraced, her heart found a little of the peace that had been eluding her for the past few months. A few minutes later she rested her head on the hollow of his shoulder, squeezing his torso tightly. She looked up at her present again, marveling at the beauty of Ron's gift and the magic behind it. As she did, something unusual about one of the fluttering creatures caught her eye. "That one looks different," she remarked, pointing to a bird flitting on the outskirts of the flock. "It looks as if it's made of newsprint, I think. Did you use one of those articles about us?" Ron snorted. "Not bloody likely, I'd as soon use that rubbish to wipe my… uh, no, it's not an article," he corrected hastily at Hermione's raised eyebrows. Hermione stretched her finger out to the unique bird, which seemed to swoop toward her eagerly. After it unfolded, she held the paper close to her nose to scan the tiny newsprint. "Ron, this is...these are flat listings," she said slowly, looking up at him. Even in the dim light she could see that his face was pale as he quickly glanced away and reached up to run his fingers through his hair. Seeming surprised to find his new hat still on his head, he plucked it off and cleared his throat. "Yeah, well - I've been helping Harry fix up Grimmauld Place these past couple months, when I could," he said, looking at the hat before setting it on the nightstand. "I'll probably be kipping there a lot this Spring. But I was thinking about getting my own place after that and I thought, maybe, it could be our own place," he finished, finally looking down at her. "Our own place," she repeated slowly, slightly dazed. Consummate planner that she was, she couldn't say she had never considered the idea - but now that it was presented to her with a discrete time frame, she felt a little shell-shocked. They were still quite young - was it really a good idea? Was it too soon to live together? She thought about Ron's words, and how their gifts to one another - whether consciously or not - evoked memories of the shared experiences that helped shape their relationship. Knitted hats. A flock of birds. Long evenings in the Gryffindor common room or library, talking and laughing and yes, sometimes disagreeing and fighting, but also supporting and learning about one another. They had seen the very best and the very worst in each other, yet here they were: stealing a few hours together in the middle of the night, because in spite of everything - or maybe because of everything - there was no one else on earth they'd rather be with on Christmas. Ron was still looking at her apprehensively. She felt her lips curve into a slow smile. "I think it's a brilliant idea." "Really?" he asked, grinning broadly as she nodded. "Wicked!" She stretched up to kiss him, savoring the feel of his hand threading through the hair at the back of her neck and the steady thrum of his heart beating beneath her palm. Ron shifted her until she was lying on top of him, some of his sheets coming with her. The movement caused her beaded bag to flop against his shoulder, and he grabbed it and deposited it on the nightstand. As he did, she saw him pick up the picture frame with the arm that wasn't wrapped around her and look at it thoughtfully. The Cannons players continued to wave, their smiles and thumbs-up suddenly seeming knowing. "You know," he said to her slyly, his eyes full of mischief, "I think this'll look great on our wall. Or right on the center of the mantlepiece, if we have one." "Oh no you don't!" she shot back, laughing. "But it's a treasured gift!" "Well, maybe it can find a home on one of our many, many bookshelves." The couple continued to bicker playfully, laughter evolving into kisses and eventually more as they established a Christmas tradition they would enjoy keeping for the rest of their lives.