"Sex, for starters." "With you?" " God , no. You only wish you could have me." Draco doesn't, actually. In fact, Draco can say with certainty that he has never thought of anyone in a sexual light before. But Blaise Zabini has more confidence than anyone Draco has ever known and an astronomical ego to go along with it, so convincing him that there is anyone alive who does not want to jump his bones is an impossible and fruitless feat. Draco chooses to ignore him. "I don't need any hobbies. I'm fine." Blaise lowers Ginny's letter and levels a dubious stare at Draco, one dark eyebrow elegantly arched in disbelief. "I am," Draco insists, looking away from his friend before Blaise's gaze can needle itself under Draco's Occlumency. Blaise isn't a Legilimens: he's just annoying enough to get through Draco's defenses. That's the reason they're friends now. Blaise knows he has an edge over Draco. He's the only person in their social caste who does not fall at Draco's feet in worshipful adoration. The Zabinis care little for social politics and think even more of themselves than the Malfoys do, despite having significantly less wealth. What they lack in money, they make up for in self-admiration. This means that Blaise is the only person Draco trusts to tell him the truth. After years and years of believing that the Malfoy name makes him special and important and better than—well, everyone , sometimes it rankles to be told he's a pathetic git who needs a hobby, but it's also refreshingly new. "Fine, no sex. You need to get out of this house and you need something else to occupy your mind besides these depressing letters." Draco can't really deny that Ginny's letters are depressing, but how does he explain to Blaise, whose family was unaffiliated with The Dark Lord and who left Hogwarts with most of the other Slytherins when the Battle of Hogwarts began, that he finds Ginny's mutual depression comforting? He can't talk about the war with anyone he knows. Emotions are unimportant and meant to be concealed. They're not just a weakness, something that can be exploited, they're shameful to the individual and the family. No one would listen to him, least of all Blaise whose experience with the war so vastly differs from Draco's. Ginny suffers the same way Draco does, and for nearly eight months between the war ending and Draco signing up for the Ministry's pen pal program, the idea that anyone could share Draco's emotions had been unimaginable. "I'm fine," Draco says again. He stands up and goes to the decorative sofa, throws himself down on it, making the delicately carved frame creak. A fire springs to life in the grate, and Draco stares into it broodily, as much a decoration now as the sofa on which he sits. "You're not," Blaise says. He leaves Ginny's letter on the desk as he takes the armchair across from Draco, his dark skin glowing with warmth from the fire. "Not one of us is happy, Draco. You can't wallow here for the rest of your life. It helps to take your mind off the unpleasantness that is living and remind yourself that the world can be good again. Our lives can be good again." The words and the candor with which they are spoken surprise Draco. He considers how best to proceed in this conversation before he responds, too aware that just because Blaise has opened up this dialogue does not mean he truly understands Draco or wants to help him. Instead, he deflects. "Is living so difficult for you?" "It has its moments. Your family has it worse. So does Pansy's. I'm aware of that, so I won't complain. But what you do in this room alone is not living. I'm… worried you'll forget what it means to have a life." "I'm not suicidal," Draco huffs. "I'm glad to hear it." There's a medium-lengthed pause as Draco mulls over the conversation so far. Then: "I don't know if I ever knew what it meant to have a life." Blaise smiles. His lips stretching across his face reminds Draco that when it comes to good looks, Blaise has a reason to be confident. "Now is as good a time as any to learn. Take up a hobby with me. Off Malfoy property. I'll convince Pansy and Greg to join us, and we can have a little reunion." Like the obnoxious git he is, he manages to worm that award-winning smile under Draco's defenses, so Draco concedes. "Fine." Later that evening, Ginny's owl pecks on the glass pane of the study window. He's surprised to have a response so soon; usually it takes a day or two for him to hear from her again. He snatches the letter off the owl's leg and shoos it back out the window without a treat, too impatient to read her reply to be polite to the creature. He's immediately disappointed to find such a short missive. Dreams are meant to be chased. What a waste to have them if you won't even try to reach for them. His heart beats like a bass drum, the sound echoing against his rib cage until he can't tell the original pounding from the reverberations. Maybe she understood him too well. He wants so much to believe this letter is permission to pursue her, wrapped up like a chastisement, but he can't. He just can't. His identity would ruin everything. The truth would shatter the one good thing he has in his life, and he can't risk the certainty of her letters for the possibility of her because he knows she is as impossible as the idea of Potter turning to the Dark Arts, as his mother cavorting with Muggles, as Draco erasing the Dark Mark from his arm. He holds her letter to his chest and feels his heart beating against it, and Draco can't stop himself. He begins to hope. TBC