his other friends or family members knew that Colin still roamed the earth as a spirit. He'd been too embarrassed to show his face to them, and he'd only revealed himself to Ginny accidentally, when he'd contacted the Spirit Division for counseling a couple years after his death and she'd been on duty to greet him. Once he'd evaded his true death, he'd become stuck on Earth, bound forever to the mortal plane. Sometimes they joked about how hokey that sounded: "the mortal plane." But mostly it was too depressing to talk about Colin's death, so they tried to ignore the fact that his body was transparent and immaterial—sometimes they succeeded in forgetting. Colin floated through the air, tapping his chin as he considered the situation. "So how long are you going to keep up this act? What are you going to tell your family? What about his family? What if Malfoy doesn't go along with it?" He zoomed up to Ginny, his torso bisected by the table, his eyes wide in shock. "What if Malfoy blackmails you? What if—" "Colin," Ginny said, stopping him mid-sentence. Her hand rose to cover his mouth, but halfway up, she remembered what a silly gesture that would have been and lowered her arm again. "I don't know, okay? I wasn't thinking. I… I kind of expected the whole thing to end right there at the lift. But then a crowd of people showed up, and then Ron showed up…. I wouldn't be surprised if my mum already knows." "Well, you've got to convince Junker at least, right? Otherwise, what was the point in the lie in the first place? I could keep an eye on him for you. You know, follow him around until I'm sure he's moved on from you to someone else." Ginny shuddered at the thought of Jason Junker turning his attention onto another unsuspecting woman. Then she frowned, wishing she'd been able to shame—or hex—some sense into him so that his disgusting behavior would stop. She couldn't just release him into the world to terrorize women around the Ministry. If she didn't do something to stop him, she'd be just as complicit in his harassment. "That's a good idea," she said to Colin. His eyebrows rose skeptically as she continued. "I mean, don't haunt him or anything, but keep an eye out and your ears open. Tell me if he gives up on me and who he sets his sights on next. Can you do that?" He grinned so wide, he might have just received an autographed photo of Harry. "I'll get started right away!" he said, and before Ginny could stop him, he disappeared through the wall. When she returned to her cubicle, an inter-departmental memo was hovering over her desk. As soon as she sat down, it began to poke her head with an incessant persistence. Part of her expected it to be from her mum, which was silly of course. Then her mind drifted to Malfoy as she pulled the paper airplane out of her hair and opened it. But it wasn't from Malfoy, either. What a naughty girl you are lying to me like that. Good thing you're too beautiful to stay angry at for long. Drop the act with Malfoy; I know you're not really dating him, nor would you ever consider it. But just in case you needed a little persuasion in my direction, here's one asset I have that I'm sure Malfoy doesn't. Ginny unfolded the last flap of the memo and then cried, "Holy fuck!" A chair scraped against the floor in the cubicle behind her as Rose Bloomgarden, the nosiest of her coworkers, said, "Ginny?" Ginny dove down to the ground to pick up the memo and the photograph Junker had sent along with it, stuffing them into her purse just as Rose reached the entrance of Ginny's cube. "All right in there?" she asked. Ginny tried to smile, but her lips were trembling in anger. "I'm fine!" she said, her voice pitched half an octave higher in her distress. "I just"—she cleared her throat—"I just stubbed my toe, that's all." "Oh, okay," Rose said, but her eyes widened as she quickly scanned the cubicle for something to gossip to her friends about later. "Can I get you anything?" "No! Er, I mean, really, I'm fine. I'll just take a look at it, and, uh, use a healing spell if necessary. Everything's A-okay in here!" Her coworker sniffed as she left, clearly disappointed, and Ginny threw herself down into her chair and lightly banged her head against her desk. "Why is it so small ?" she asked herself. She hoped, for Malfoy's sake, that Malfoy was better endowed than Jason. Her face burned as she remembered the way he'd kissed her earlier—or the way she'd kissed him. She didn't need to think about any of Malfoy's endowments or skills. But with them on her mind anyway, she tried to salvage the rest of her work day… and failed. TBC Sunny's Prompt #3: Basic premise: Draco and Ginny start publicly dating for reasons other than actually liking each other. Must haves: The pair put on a very convincing act even though they really don't like what they have to do...at least at first. The ruse goes on for a while and in the meantime they're learning more and more surprising things about the other. Humor. No-no's: A dark or very angsty story. Rating range: The higher the better, but ultimately up to you. I really don't mind. Bonus points: Hogwarts Era. Draco and Ginny get competitive about one-upping each other to show how they're the best girlfriend/boyfriend ever, and when no one is looking they snipe at each other about how lame/stupid their 'romantic' act was or snark together about how ridiculous everyone else is to think that said gesture was so romantic. E.g. "If I actually came home to that and you were my real boyfriend, I'd bloody kill you."