have noticed that I get tired a bit more easily at the moment. I don't know if it's the potions or just genuine exhaustion." "Probably a bit of both, Miss Granger. You've had quite the year." Hermione nodded absently as she watched the older witch waved her wand in complicated patterns over her arms. Her wand tip glowed a dull red, at times brightening slightly. Madam Pomfrey made copious notes in her file. "I think I would prefer if Professor Snape took a quick look. He's due back here in a few minutes." "Do you think I'll be able to start work on my assignment?" "You mean the Wards? In theory, yes. As long as you go easy on both the magic and the hours you spend in the Library at first." Hermione nodded slowly as she looked out of the window. The sky was a bright blue, with no cloud in sight. The weather had turned warm and sunny since the Battle of Hogwarts. It wasn't really unseasonable, given that they were in mid-May now. But what was unusual was that Hermione has yet to take advantage of the fair weather. She had been stuck in the Infirmary since the day after the Final Battle, with McGonagall and Pomfrey alternatively hovering around, worried about her health. She felt fine enough in herself, but she knew the two older witches were worried about possible dark magic residues left behind by the dark witch who had put those scars on her arms. "Ah, Severus! Just the man we wanted to see." Hermione turned to watch the Potion Master walking in. She nodded at him as he approached them, a dark eyebrow rising in enquiry. Pomfrey gestured at Hermione's arm and the younger witch obligingly held it out for Snape to peruse. The dark wizard grasped her wrist and studied her scars intently. "The work of Bella's cursed knife, I assume?" "Yes, Professor." Snape released her arm and turned to Pomfrey. "And what treatment have you given her?" "Hermione is taking half a dose of pain potion every morning and a full dose in the evening. She puts on bruise-healing paste and Dittany Salve on the scars twice a day. I have her on a Nutrient Potion to try and make up for the past few months, and a Prophylactic Potion to fight off infection and dark magic from the inside, both three times a day. She's also taking a full dose of sleeping potion at night. I give her a dose of Blood-Replenishing Potion if her wounds aggravate as a preventive." Hermione watched her Potion Professor nod along at Pomfrey's description of her treatment. He then grunted and conjured quill and parchment to write on. "I would recommend mixing the bruise paste and the Dittany Salve together, one part paste for five parts Salve. Apply it as a poultice in the morning. Clean it well with Essence of Dittany before bedtime and leave it to breathe overnight. How long ago were those made?" Hermione frowned as she struggled to remember. "I'm sorry, but I can only say it was towards mid-March. Perhaps closer to the end of the month." "I see," Snape said with a frown as he continued scribbling on the parchment. "I'm afraid that you may always have some marks to remind you of the event, Miss Granger. The wound was left without proper care for too long." Hermione shrugged. "I had already gathered as much, Professor. Essence of Dittany will usually prevent scars if they can be prevented at all." Professor Snape nodded slightly then handed over the parchment to Madam Pomfrey. The Mediwitch took a look at it and nodded at the tall wizard before disappearing in her office. "Do you think this will stop me from working with the wards, Professor?" "I doubt it. The only problem you should encounter has more to do with your poor stamina for a while longer." Hermione nodded again and turned back to watch the blue sky outside her window. A ruffle of cloth and a pointed cough had her turning back to the dark wizard still standing by her bedside. As her Professor's eyes narrowed slightly and he opened his mouth, Hermione shook her head forcefully. "If you are about to say something along the lines of 'thank you for saving my life and I am in your debt', you can forget it right now, Professor Snape." Hermione smiled and kept her tone something between respectful and teasing. "Given the many times you've helped me during my career as a student, I think we can call it quit. If you were about to say something like 'I happen to have a few books on warding you might be interested in once you have grasped the basics', my response to that would be: just tell me when you would be available to discuss whatever rules you would impose on my borrowing your personal books." Professor Snape snorted and stepped back from her bedside. "Let me know when you have gone over the School Wards a few times. I'll show you what I know and we can take your studies from there." Hermione smiled and nodded once as the dark wizard turned on his heels and stalked out of the Infirmary. Madam Pomfrey returned from her office, numerous jars and potions trailing after her in mid-air. The school matron shrunk the lot and Hermione stuffed it all in her pockets along with a copy of Professor Snape's recommendations. The older witch then shooed her away with strict orders to take it easy and come back if she ran into complications. .:/*\:. Author's Note: Well, here you have it. All reviews are welcome, although flames are liable to be used to make s'mores. If you are a beta or a fellow writer - or you know someone - and you're willing to help me, feel free to PM me but keep in mind it might be a while before I write back.