region over the past few decades?' Harry nodded slowly. 'I believe your textbooks would refer to them as the Shadow Blitz, but we in the wizarding world gave it an altogether different name: The Glorious Expansion . "There are several areas in that region deemed unfit to live by Muggles. They've cited radiation levels as the culprit, but that's only a cover story in several places. You see, while we are around four hundred thousand strong in the British Isles, the capital of the Eastern Magical Republic in Ukraine is home to five million magical Beings in total. They're doing very well for themselves – I mean, surely you'd think the Muggles wonder where all this extra grain is being exported from. "Well anyway, most of us disagreed with Grindelwald – we felt that Muggles shared the same journey to claim power over nature, and we fought against him under the greatest sorcerer to ever live – Albus Dumbledore, your soon-to-be headmaster. Your parents, ardent supporters of Dumbledore, were the main and last remaining branch of Potters alive, and like many other families, were facing extinction in the wake of all this inter-wizard bloodshed. They still fought, in the knowledge that if not, Grindelwald would prepare a full-scale attack on the Muggle military. That would be the end of our society, and children, like you, Harry, would be born in captivity, experimented on and feared by the public for the power you can't help but wield. "Nearly ten years ago, on the eve of Samhain, your parents were ambushed in a safehouse during a mission smuggling wizards out of the Eastern Republic. You were staying by the Longbottoms, old family friends. Lily and James put up an admirable fight, but were simply outnumbered in the end. Grindelwald personally murdered them both, our boys confirmed it. They were brought back and buried in the family cemetery at Godric's Hollow, in the West Country. Both twenty-one years of age... I'm... so sorry, my boy," said Doge, his voice cracking towards the end of his tale. "Mr Doge, it's okay, really," said Harry after a minute. "I never knew them, like I said. But now I know, they died for me. I've got to make them proud, and I have no idea who they were... it'll take some time for me to get my head around this..." "I'm sure you will, Harry. Take all the time you need." said Doge, wiping a moist eye with his handkerchief. Upon replacing the cloth in his pocket, the man set a smile on his face and opened his wrinkled mouth once more. "It's regrettable that we have to discuss such matters. But now that we have, we can move onto a much more uplifting subject: your impending tuition at Hogwarts. You've shown me how well you wield your magic, but I must still conduct a simple test. Nothing to fear, my boy," he added after spotting Harry's look of apprehension, "just a formality. You've no need to prepare in advance or anything!" And with that, the wizened Doge leaped from his seat and placed a large, dark metallic cube onto the beech desk. Harry, who evidently hadn't seen the box before, made a face as Doge held his wooden stick aloft yet again. "Oh yes, Harry, the box was always here. A little trick of mine, and something of a Doge family secret," he said with a conspiratorial wink. Tapping its surface lightly with his wand, the cube unfolded itself, revealing a tray containing various oddly shaped artefacts. "Wow," Harry gasped, gazing at the display of magic in amazement. "I will find out your secret, Mr Doge, I swear it." "Hmm, wouldn't count on it," drawled Doge, procuring a strange glass tube from the tray. It was about four inches long, and closed on both sides, though one end was perforated by hundreds of tiny holes. "Now Harry, to perform this test, all you have to do is take this pocket-Augometer, and say, 'My name is Harry James Potter' in a clear voice towards the holey end. Can you do that?" "Er, why?" asked Harry. "A true name is a terribly powerful thing, Mr Potter," said Doge slowly, meeting Harry's eyes as he offered the Augometer, "and we are subconsciously aware of this. Our souls know the true name to be the most potent magic words one could ever speak." "Um... all right, then." Harry gingerly grasped the glass tube. Rolling it around in his fingers, and warily lifting it towards his lips, Harry intoned, "My name is Harry James Potter. " As the old gentleman who used to wander into my old shop would say for no apparent reason, "Well, there you have it." Author's note: Many thanks for reading the first chapter of the Untitled Tome. Reviews and/or PMs are more than welcome! This is a potential series made up of a number of plot bunnies that wouldn't leave me alone. I held back a lot with the first version of this author's note, but this is what you might want to know before diving in: - There is no Lord Voldemort here, no prophecy, no Chosen One, etc. - This is a heavily AU series featuring a larger world of magic, and the interaction between its races (as well as wizards and Muggles) - Centered on a somewhat cared-for Harry's growth as a wizard of great potential. He will be formidable by post-Hogwarts, but there are no shortcuts here: take everything you see in the first few chapters with a pinch of salt, and remember Canon!Lily from the Pensieve in DH. - No slash where Harry's concerned, and since this fic is Years 1-2, no romance beyond teasing. As for the sequels, anything could happen. - I first posted this in March 2014. We didn't know the names of James Potter's parents at the time, and though Charlus and Dorea were long shots, I've gone for a compromise. Sorry if it rankles anyone!