jumped at the beast's sudden exclamation, listening as Greyback stood and hurriedly dressed himself. He saw the werewolf gripping his arm as he passed on the way to the cellar stairs. "Now, how about you two take a little rest and don't go nowhere. I'll be back soon," he said grumpily, the door slamming shut behind him. Draco couldn't tell how much time had passed he lay there shivering and waiting. Nothing moved around them, nor sounds were heard above them as they lay naked, dreadfully awaiting their tormentor's return. The chill from the freezing stones crept up from his naked backside through his body, leaving him shivering uncontrollably. Suddenly, something moved to Draco's left, sending a thrill of terror through the fog of the Imperius curse . He's back! He thought and squished his eyes shut in trepidation. There was a shuffling beside him, a soft feminine cry, more shuffling. "Malfoy!" A hoarse voice whispered urgently above him and an icy hand gripped his shoulder. His eyes fly open, gazing at the pale, determined face of Hermione. How…? His befogged mind pondered. Her hand shook his shoulder harder. "Draco, please, you have to fight the curse. We need to get out of here. He'll be back soon. Please, get up!" Draco watched as she draped his shirt over his privates and knelt at his side. Hermione hovered over him, whispering encouragement to help break the curse's hold. "Just concentrate! Focus on your own mind, your own body. Try wiggling your fingers, your toes. You need to try harder!" But through all of her words and his efforts, Draco's mind refused to yield to his control. Move, move, MOVE! He mentally screamed, his toe just barely twitching. His body continued to remain utterly unmoving under Greyback's last command to stay put. Her whispers were becoming frantic. "Please, PLEASE! If you don't….I don't know how to get out of here, and he'll be back soon..." Draco's heart jumped. No! He screamed, unheard, and doubled his efforts to be free of the dark curse that restrained his free-will. The fog shifted and changed, seemingly gripping him tighter as he made every effort to be free. As he fought, his thoughts were becoming louder, less disjointed and vague. His own mind came sharply into focus as he came back to himself fully and with it the pain and terror of what had happened. His chin and arm throbbed, his body numb and half frozen. Draco snapped upwards, knocking over Hermione who was still hovering over him. "Gran...ger…" he stammered as she scrambled up to retrieve his clothing. Draco stiffly stood and put them on as she looked away, gripping his wand in her hand. "I didn't think you would...nevermind. We need to get out of here," Hermione stated, rushing forward toward the stairs. Draco grabbed her arm to stop her, but she pulled back. "Don't touch me!," she nearly shrieked, pointing his wand at his face, her expression one of panic. "Not that way," Draco said, turning his back to her and heading to the furthest corner in the back of the cellar. Hermione stared at him curiously as he knocked three times and placed his hand upon the stone, leaning near it to whisper an incantation. A small circle of green light formed and slowly expanded, becoming brighter when the circle's diameter reached two meters. The light extinguished suddenly, and in its place was a circular hole leading to a downwards sloping tunnel. Hermione stepped closer, looking down into the dark pit. "Where does -" "The tunnel will lead you deep under the grounds of the Manor. You'll find a small teacup there. It's a portkey. It will take you to our safehouse in Cornwall. You can apparate from there," Draco stated, turning his back to her and walking towards the stairs. "Wait," she murmured, clutching his shoulder. Draco felt her cold hand through the fabric of his jumper. "Come with me. When they find me missing, they're going to -" "I can't leave my parents," he interrupts, shrugging her hand from him without turning around. "What do you think He'll will do to them if i go missing, too?" "Draco, you-" "Just go!" He nearly shouts, and after a moment's pause, he hears her lift herself into the tunnel and disappear into its depths. In a flash of light, the hole becomes solid stone once again. My wand... Draco briefly laments as he numbly walks up the stairs to the cellar door. A/N - Besides changing the scene of what happened at Malfoy Manor and Harry NOT stealing Draco's wand, this story is compliant with Deathly Hallows except for the epilogue. I also know that with the Imperius curse, people have no control over their eyes, but I changed that a bit here. They can move their eyes, but nothing else and still have the euphoric, out-of-body feeling. Rape victims deal with trauma differently from one to the next. Hermione, IMO, would suppress the memory of the incident to prioritize finding and destroying the hallows and keep it from her friends so they wouldn't get distracted from the mission. This repression will come to a head in the next story. I know some people will be very upset with the fact that I decided to write the rape from Draco's POV rather than Hermione's. I needed to convey what his motivations were for going down to free her, and that this terrible experience was also against his will - he was also raped. There will be A LOT more of Hermione's POV in the sequel, and we'll find out the ramifications of this act then. Please comment and let me know what you think of this story. Hopefully, I can get enough feedback to propel me to finish the next story in the series "The Consequence of All Things." I'm stuck in writer's block for the last few weeks, but I have it all planned and the first few chapters finished.