perfectly aimed jet of light. As soon as the red curse caught her, she crumpled to the ground. She lay there, writhing silently for a few seconds before the screams began. Voldemort slowly walked forward until she was standing over her, triumphant. Harry was transported back to that day in Professor Moody's class, when he had shown the entire class the Cruciatus Curse. He had thought that was horrible enough, this was much worse. Harry didn't know the woman very well — he didn't even know her name — but this was not something he could imagine wishing on anyone else, even Draco Malfoy. This...this was horrible . As the green-eyed woman shrieked and writhed, in obvious pain, Voldemort began to laugh. The sound was echoed around the circle of Death Eaters. For the first time since the strange woman had shown up, Harry wondered if he was going to be able to make it out alive. Voldemort turned her head to look at him, ruby-red eyes glittering with triumph. His scar erupted in pain again, and he could feel her desire to throw the victory in his face. A part of him knew that he had no chance where the woman had failed, and yet...if Voldemort thought he was going to just lay down and die, she had another thing coming. He would not . Voldemort took her eyes off him, and said, "Wormtail! Untie Mr. Potter, and give him back his wand." She looked down at the dark-haired woman, and released her curse. The woman stopped flailing and screaming almost instantly. Voldemort, however, ignored her, and stepped forward, over the prone woman, pointing her wand at Harry. And then she let out an unexpectedly delicate-sounding little gasp of surprise. The woman was sitting up, one hand grasped around the handle of a sinister-looking silver dagger that was buried halfway through Voldemort's thigh. Both Harry and Voldemort stared at the woman, laying there, mouth wide in a rictus grin that matched the madness in her eyes. Voldemort recovered her shock, and sneered. "That was foolish. Avada Kedavra ." The answering crack sounded, and then the woman was interposed between Harry and Voldemort, and the Killing Curse exploded harmlessly against the ground. Voldemort reached down and pulled the dagger out of her leg, with a squelch of black-looking blood. "Ahh," she said softly, so much so that Harry had to strain to hear it. "I will admit, I was not expecting you to possess such a...practical item. I am...impressed, that you would resort to such brutality." The dark-haired woman answered, equally as quietly, but without her usual cheer, "Sometimes, it's necessary." Voldemort nodded, to acknowledge the point. "I'm still going to kill you, though." "But not tonight," the dark-haired woman said, the picture of calm again. And then, to Harry's utter shock, Voldemort agreed. "Not tonight. But I have enough strength left to leave you with a parting gift." And then she lifted her wand, and fire erupted. A great serpent, composed entirely of living flame, slithered forward alarmingly quickly. The woman turned and ran. "Harry!" she cried, as she reached him and cut his ropes away with a charm. Behind her, the serpent loomed, and behind it, Voldemort was inspecting her Death Eaters. He scrambled up out of the ropes, getting to shaky feet. He almost fell when he put his weight on his injured leg. "Can't you stop—" "No!" she cut him off, grabbing his arm in an iron grip and dragging him along. Vaguely, he noticed she was bleeding from a rather nasty cut on her arm. "There's no time! Fiendfyre isn't something I can dispel quickly unless I'm the one that cast it!" "Fine — my wand? Cedric!" "Alright, alright," she said hastily, shoving his wand into his hand. He felt infinitely better with it than without it, enough to not question where she'd gotten it, and where Wormtail had gotten to. "Don't worry about Cedric, we need to find where the Triwizard Cup went." "But — Wormtail—" "I took care of it. He's fine. Now, stop dawdling." He had so many questions about that statement that he didn't even know where to start. Looking back, he couldn't see Voldemort or the Death Eaters, and the flaming serpent, still chasing them, had multiplied into a swarm of fiery animals. But what he ended up asking was, "Are you related to me?" "Oh, Harry, I can't be," she said, letting go of his arm to shove him forward, "how about this — in a week or so, when you're at the Dursleys, I'll come visit you, and I'll explain everything ." Harry wasn't sure he was satisfied by that answer, but she was still pushing him and pointing behind him. "Go! The Cup is a Portkey, it will take you back to Hogwarts!" "Er — well — thank you," was all he could say. The flames were almost upon them now, and it felt like a very lame apology, considering all she'd done for him. "Don't mention it." And then with a great push, he was stumbling back, feeling his foot hit something hard and metal; he felt the jerk behind his navel that told him the portkey was taking him away — — and then he landed, and no one other than Cedric grinned down at him. "Cedric!" The older boy grinned down at him. "Hey, Harry." "But — Wormtail—" "Never hit me. After he cast the Killing Curse at me, everything went dark and I woke up in the middle of the maze again. I sent up red sparks, and we've been worried where you were ever since." "I'm fine," he said. "It was Voldemort — she's back — but boy, did she meet her match—" " Harry !" a voice interrupted him. It belonged to Albus Dumbledore, who Harry was unreasonably happy to see, and he felt his face break into a grin. "Professor!" he said. "Have I got a story to tell you…"