had been forced to elaborate on her reasoning for killing the muggles and kidnapping her from the destroyed house. It had also led into a tirade of who her former master was, why she had done things in the last war. Most of it was due to her ex husband's use of the Imperius curse and extensive use of the cruciatus curse on herself. That and when she had figured that all out, learned to act as though she was a loyal servant. That had earned her trust to the Death Eaters. Her daughter accepted the explanation and merely shrugged. "I'm hungry..." she realized, and had voiced her demand for food when Bella had finished her explanation. Nodding, the witch had Kreacher, an ancient house elf to fix a sandwich for her daughter. The wrinkled old bat obeyed, if not grumbling about it. He returned and left the tray by the bed. Feeling starving, the girl snatched the turkey on wheat quickly and took several tiny bites out of it, finally happy she had something to eat after a week of nothing but scarce water and week old broth. As soon as the girl swallowed the bite she slowly began convulsing. Her body shook for a moment before she vomited into the nearby wastebasket. "Oh no..." groaned the eldest Black sister as she took her wand out and vanished the mess. "What's wrong with me?" whimpered Katarina as she clutched Bellatrix's arm. Said witch winced when those delicate hands grasped her bicep with surprising strength. Trying to remain positive, she said, "Good news and bad news Katarina. We will save a lot on traditional food. Bad news, you're a blood sucking fiend or in layman's terms, a vampire." With a hiccup, the ten year old laughed and wiped her eyes. "Frakking great. I was a freak first. N-now I'm a m-monster." "Young lady, we don't use that disgusting muggle slang around here. When we need to swear, a Black always uses the proper word. In this case, use 'fucking'. Understand?" Full on giggling now, the young girl replied, "Yes ma'am." "Mum," corrected Bella. "I'm too young to be called 'ma'am'. Got it?" Katarina glared at the woman at her bedside. "Are you always this infuriating?" Glad the young vampire cheered up, the elder Black replied, "If you think I'm bad, you should see my cousin Sirius or my sisters. They always said madness runs in the family." "Oh joy, my mum is crazy. I'll grow up just fine," Katarina snorted with no little amount of sarcasm. "If I grow up to be the next Dark Lady, I'm blaming you." That was a horrific thought that had sprung past the girl's brain to mouth filter. "When were you bitten?" The topic change was gratefully accepted. "July 31st, my birthday." "You should choose a new date to celebrate your birthday. Just to cover tracks with your new identity. The less people know, the easier it'll be to relax. Maybe in a few years, no one will remember us. We especially don't need the media to learn you're a 'dark' creature." Bellatrix laughed morbidly. "How about October 13th?" With another nonchalant shrug, the red eyed girl replied, "That's fine, I guess. Doesn't matter much to me. I've never celebrated it. Didn't know it was such a big deal." "It's a very big deal. This October, I'll make up for ten years worth of missed birthdays. But we have other things on our plate at the moment. "Now, I want you to bite my wrist and drink so you won't starve." Katarina gave a disgusted look, but her mother interrupted anything she was going to say, "Don't give me that look young lady! You can't eat solids anymore. Only human blood will nourish you. Animal blood won't help. It might just make your Thirst even stronger. "Later, we'll find some information on you. And please, if you're going to start this edgy shit instead of dying, feed on muggles. Or the worthless blood traitors likes those stupid Weasleys. I'll teach you the difference between a respectable Pureblood and those worthless mudbloods and blood traitors." Katarina dipped her head in agreement. At first, she was about to ask how to make her fangs appear when the scent of liquid gold entered her nose. She began to salivate and whimper as a knife pricked her mother's wrist. The sight of the bright red substance forced her ivory fangs to unsheath from just above her upper and lower canines. A swipe over each needle revealed to her they were very real and the need to consume blood was growing even more. Unable to hold herself back, the young vampiress pounced upon the drooling crimson. Bliss escaped her maw as she lapped up the gushing sanguine liquid. Katarina couldn't hear over the sound of the older woman's pounding heart, but Bellatrix released a low moan, turning pink when she realized that she was enjoying the young girl drinking her blood. A hand on her head encouraged her to drink as much as she wanted without draining her mother dry. It stroked her hair and she pulled off, leaning against Bellatrix. "Blood tastes better than I expected it to be." The dark witch chortled and laid a gentle kiss to Katarina's forehead. "You look tired sweetie. Get some sleep, it's 1pm, but this is no time for you to be up. I'll wrap this up and get some shut eye myself. When you're up, we can start cleaning this pig sty of a house. Fucking Kreacher didn't do anything when we were gone. See you later, you little fiend." With the heavy duty curtain permanently covering the window, the young vampire fell into a death like slumber, not to awake until dusk. A/N: Woo, pilot chapter done. Who should I pair Katarina up with? Was thinking either Fleur, Daphne, Hermione, or an OC? Oh, and sorry for the brutal murder of the Dursleys. I felt it was absolutely necessary.