ranking students on Potions." The students' interest rose at that. "Unsurprisingly, both of them are Gryffindors. I would like Hermione Granger and Harry Potter to stand up and come upfront. Hermione gave a happy yelp and stood while Harry stood somewhat reluctantly." Congrats Harry." said Neville who was sitting right beside him. Harry looked at Hermione to see her face glowing with happiness. She was even smiling at him. They both went to the front and stood facing the class. "Now, 15 points to Miss Granger for ranking second..." "What?" A shout silenced Professor Slughorn. "Is there any problem, Miss Granger?" Professor Slughorn looked at Hermione, her eyes wide and mouth half open. "I'm...I'm second?" She stammered. "Yes, Miss Granger." His voice was calm. "That...that means he is first?" She said pointing at Harry. The whole class was watching this exchange, some with amusement, some with confusion while some looked envious. "No, no, I am sure he cheated, sir." Hermione looked like she still hadn't processed Slughorn's announcement. "Wait, Miss Granger." He said before turning to face the class. "Miss Granger and Mr Potter are both awarded 15 and 25 points respectively and an invitation to a party this Saturday. I would like you all to study well too. Next time, there will be more interesting rewards. You can all go to your next class." After the door was shut, Slughorn turned to the remaining two students. "May I go too, sir?" Harry said. "Are you sure?" "Yes, sir." "Go on, then. And congratulations, Harry. Your mother would have been proud of you. Keep it up." "Thank you, sir." He said and quickly exited the room. "So, Miss Granger. What were you saying?" "Sir, Harry...he must have cheated." "Oh? And how do you know that?" "He found this book which had all the shortcuts and alternatives for potion making during our first class. I told him not to use it but he didn't listen to me." Hermione didn't even hesitate before telling all this which she had promised to keep a secret. "Why didn't you tell me then?" "Sir, he forbid me to tell the teachers and I didn't want to break his trust." "So, why now?" "I... " She didn't know what to say but was said from the trouble by the Professor cutting her off. "Because, you got jealous and thought he couldn't do it on his own, right?" "Sir, I..." "Miss Granger, I know about that book. Harry showed it to me to confirm if the book was right. I have to say I am impressed by the Half Blood Prince. Unlike you, Harry has been working very hard. You heard his answer in the class today. He is studying because he likes it. And no, he didn't cheat. Results are important in potion making, not what procedures you take. And if you can create a alternative, I can say that you understand Potions well. And his answers in written exam were authentic and standard. But, I have to say that your grades have slipped. I am surprised you even ranked second. I suggest you talk to your Head of House." Hermione stood there shocked listening to Professor's words before regaining her composure. She walked out of the door and headed to the Common Room, head hanging in shame. Never in her 5 years of Hogwarts education had she ever gotten a complain about her studies. She quietly walked to her dorm and cried herself to sleep. She would apologize to Harry later. -oooOOooo- Harry walked into the Great Hall chatting with Neville about the morning Potions' class. Though he was there talking with Neville, his mind was somewhere else. Hermione had not shown up to Transfiguration class and it was not like Hermione to miss a class. Though he didn't want to talk to her right now, he still cared about her. When she still didn't see her during lunch, he decided to ask someone. He walked up to the red headed boy who was devouring his lunch gluttonously. "Hey Ron, have you seen Hermione today?" "Why do you care, Potter?" Ron replied not even looking at him. Harry was fighting to keep his cool. Right now, he wanted nothing more than to grab that hair, bang that head onto the table and shove that fork up his alimentary canal. Keep your calm. Doing that won't solve the problem. He mentally counted to five and tried again. "It's just that she didn't show up for class and missed her lunch. Could you check up on her if she is ill?" Ron looked at him once and turned to his food again. "Fuck off, Potter. Its none of your business." Before he could do all the things he had thought of earlier, Neville pulled him by his arm. "Let it go, Harry. Calm down." After a while, he had calmed down enough to finish his lunch. -oooOOooo- Harry walked slowly out of the kitchen to the tower. He deliberately had missed dinner so he could have it in peace. He looked at the map to see Hermione in the Common Room and mentally cursed himself for being out past curfew today too. As soon as the portrait swung open and Harry came in with out his invisibility cloak, Hermione stood up. "Harry, I..." "Yeah, yeah, I know." Harry said coolly walking past her and up the stairs. "Fifteen points and a detention, right? Save it." He said looking back while still striding up the stairs and disappeared to his dorm without giving her a chance to speak. He felt bad treating her like that but he didn't want to talk to her right now. Hermione sat down on the couch trying to hold back her tears. What have I done. Please forgive me, Harry. She dropped her head on her hands and began to think how she was going to apologize to him. And for the second day in a row, she fell asleep on the couch.