ye,", the boy said calm, gaining the man's attention and eye contact again, "Ye grab yer dogs, lead 'em back in an' continue listenin' ter yer radio. If anyone asks, tha heat's made tha dogs freak ou', tha's all. An' I'm eigh'." A purely malevolent but satisfied smirk wandered across the boy's lips as the man picked up the leather belts and led the dogs back in by their chains, calm and obeying. When the door fell shut, exhaustion won, making the boy collapse on the roof, his sweat covered pale face losing its blush behind the salty water glistening in the summer sun. Along with wiping off his sweat, he robbed a pulsating vein at his temple and his slightly aching head. Drained but happy with himself, he sat back up and gazed along the cable that connected the hut to a transformer. More electricity. He panted out his frustration. But he had wanted it that way, now he had to do it that way. Some minutes passed in which he slightly cooled down, even though the wide jacket over the too big shirt refused to let in any cooling gust of a breeze. Composed enough, he stood up and cautiously climbed onto the swaying and bending cable, waiting for it to come to rest, with his toes hooked around and his hands on his hips. Ready for what laid ahead, he walked on as if he was balancing on a mere wooden board on solid ground. He had trained it several times before, on rather straight cables. Due to having to get up higher onto the transformer, he gained speed and the last yards he passed running and climbing at once, safely reaching the metal frame that stood in its own secured area on the premise. His further way was easier: down another cable and over some high factory roofs, up and down, up the slopes and a jump down after each. Three buildings onwards, he finally reached the high brick chimney. The building around was locked, that much he knew, and too many people were working in there for entering uncaught. To his fortune, there was no smoke emerging from the chimney. So he jumped over and climbed the iron bars of the maintenance ladder, higher and higher, until he reached the square vent and peeked down inside. Very far below, he could see light. His chance. He swung himself over and fell, too small to touch the fuliginous bricks around him and his breath held for not inhaling too many of the particles. At the bottom, he slowed down like he had before, landing almost gentle on the grid. Though the scarce light and soot made it almost impossible for him to see, someone must have noticed his arrival. To his left, an inner maintenance door was being opened and in peered a most familiar face, first confused and on the realisation, slightly angry. "Ey, Dad!", beamed the boy, but his father's expression was far from amused. "Screw i'! Wha'cha think you're doin', eh? I jus' wanne' ta fire u' tha engine again! Lucky bastar'!" "Ye fergo' yer meal,", huffed the boy and retrieved two strangely intact looking packages of brown paper from the inner pockets of his jacket. "As if I din' know. 'S tha' all?" "An a letter came fer ye.", his son pulled out the envelope as well. "Though' ye wanted ter read it before ye're too drunk after shif'." "You per'ly lil' smar'-aleck! See tha'cha ge' ou' o' 'ere! Before you ge' me sack', you freak!" "Yes, Sir.", grumbled the boy, slipped out of the chimney past his upset father and left the narrow boiler room through another ventilation shaft. "An' it's `thank ye´. When I go' children, I'd thank 'em fer bringin' me me fergotten lunch. No matter 'ow shor' an' easy or far an' complicated 'eir way was." While he marched through the dark corridors and up many stairs, the definite resolution from his childhood resounded in his head with his own, much younger voice and the hatred flooded his body, for his father and even himself, not much fading when he reached the doors before his destination. A dead cold laid over the sombre room, not as dead as the grim hills around the grounds, yet cold enough to make even a warmly dressed person shiver. Thick drops dashed against the high old windows, but an enchantment quietened the noise to grant better recovery. Not perceivable from the room, occasionally rain turned into snow where they crossed the down-pouring water. Long hooded cloaks, slimy hands, the rest far beyond imagination. Appearing much like them, a shadow entered silent through the door. No noise as the figure glided over the floor, towards a white bed. A skeleton white hand reached out from the wide dark sleeve, taking a piece of wood that laid on the bedside table. The fingers lightly wrapped the cracked stick, a thumb trailing over the fibres. Then it was put back into place and the hand moved on, wiping a bundle of dark hair from a scar. Right in that moment, a lightning bolt shot over the sky and lightened the scene. But the hair slid down without waking the boy. Gliding like the water over the glass, a wide mass of fabric slipped off dark shoulders and was carefully hung over a chair. Leaving shoes beside the bed, the figure climbed under the blanket, still not making the boy stir. He was so vast asleep he didn't even notice his head being lifted and an arm being laid around him. A second. Only when a pair of lips softly met with his forehead next to the scar, he would give a sniff and a quiet moan when it was replaced by another forehead. The touch too gentle, he slept on, only drifting into a far more pleasant dream. Unseen in the dark, a smile, so warm and happy, every Dementor would flee from it.. ~~١~٨~٥~~