on her shoulder. Her whole body went stiff. "She's going to pass for the year!" "Wow, Lily! That's amazing! Why didn't you tell us? I thought you'd have to redo the year! Oh, Philip, you saved us," Ginny gushed. "This is great news! Good job, Lily. I didn't think it was possible," Harry said, nodding at Philip in approval even as he spoke to Lily. "What?" Lily spat. "Of course I cou—," but Harry quickly backtracked. "No, I didn't mean you couldn't do it, I just meant—I just meant to say—," he sighed, looking to his wife. She rolled her eyes, refusing to help him out of the hole he'd dug for himself. "What I'm trying to say is that a tutor was a great idea. We owe you, Philip." "Did you pay him, Lily?" Ginny asked, nudging Harry, who was picking up her intention and digging out his wallet. "Yes, what's your rate, Philip?" Harry asked. Everything was happening so fast, Lily felt she might fall over. Suddenly money was being shoved in Philip's face, he was refusing it, they were exchanging phone numbers for further tutoring in the following year with promise of pay, and an open invitation to dinner with the Potters' was mentioned. Lily felt her breathing grow so fast she felt her head spin. What was happening? What the hell was happening?! Philip was being so fucking humble , too. He deserved an Oscar. Lily couldn't get to the Great Hall fast enough. All through dinner, she couldn't relax. She felt eyes on her back, and she knew who it was that was looking. She tried to remind herself that it didn't matter; that she had earned that passing grade herself and it didn't matter if Philip took credit. She knew. In the middle of dinner, she left to go to the bathroom, but as she was leaving she saw Philip get up and follow her out. She began to walk faster, but she knew he'd be able to catch up no matter what. He could wiggle his way out of any situation, and could wiggle his way back in just as easily. As soon as she was out the door and around the corner, she was being pushed up against the wall and kissed like Philip had this one last day to live. He grabbed her face with forceful fingers, stroking her sides and chest and grabbing at her hair while they kissed. Lily kissed him back hard, biting his lip and shivering as she groaned. He nudged her legs apart with a knee, pressing his thigh between them and rubbing at her sweet spot. They pushed and pulled their way into a broom closet, panting and holding each other so tight neither could breathe properly. They slid to the floor, and despite hygiene, tore each other's clothes off. As their bodies connected and slid in rhythm together, Lily pulled away from his lips and whispered, "I hate you." Philip snarled, grabbing her face and pushing harder and faster into her until she was whining and shrieking in pleasure. After a while of this, he gradually slowed, his breath mingling with hers, and they rolled over so she was on top. Lily stopped for a moment, unsure. As many times as they'd had sex, she'd never been in a position of dominance. "Go ahead, Lily. Hate me. Show me," he said. He smiled a grin up at her that struck a nerve. She wanted to show him she hated him. I hate him. She grabbed him by the neck, her thumbs pressing into the sides of his jaw, and began to ride him, slowly, just to gauge his reaction. He let out a long sigh, his eyes rolling back, and he grabbed at her hips, loving the feeling. "Is this you hating me, Lily? Because it feels more like you love me," he croaked. Lily's heart beat faster, and she moved her hips faster, pressing harder into his neck, leaning forward to bite at his lip. She wanted to draw blood. She wanted to hate him. "I hate you," she moaned, giving up on moving her hips and bouncing on him instead. He grinned at her, seemingly seeing through her in a way that angered her even more. "I hate you." Her voice was weak. She was weak. He rolled her back over, holding the back of her neck up so tenderly she felt her eyes water. Their eyes met with a sort of fire she was sure he never could've felt with anyone else. How could anyone connect this way, like they did? How could any other couple bind and tangle in the passion and fury that they did? She didn't think it was possible for anyone to feel such desire. Philip moved thrust forward, holding her body with his arms, his head on her shoulder, face buried in her messy hair. A gentle hand stroked her hair away from her ear, whispering into it, "No one can make you feel this way. Only me, Lily. Only I can love you like this." His sentence trailed off into breaths, and Lily was grateful he had stopped talking, because she felt she might fall apart in his arms from his voice alone. He had never mentioned love around her. He was careful not to. "You love me?" she whispered in response, her voice choked with emotion. Philip yanked on her hair so that her head came back and his eyes met hers. His brown eyes burned, his pupils so wide they appeared black. He slowed until he finally finished. Philip stood up, pulled his clothes back on, and left before Lily could even think of anything to say. The whole night, Lily cried. She spent James' graduation party in her room, hugging her pillow and grieving over her lost love. Her foolish love. She hated him. The next morning, Philip received an owl post signed by Lily with only two words written: It's over.