it much?" Nick rolled his eyes. Sometimes Raven could act like she was ten years older than him, rather than just four and a half. Being concerned and really annoying about it… "Not that much," he admitted defensively, "Just summoning things." And making light, or levitating things. Raven gave him a smack on the back of his head. Nick gave her a pitiful look. "Nicholas Lestrange," she growled, "if you do any of these things again..." She left the threat unfinished, but she glared at him so fiercely that Nick flinched. Nick gave her a pleading look. "You won't tell Mother?" Raven stared at him, her eyes sharp. "No. But speaking of, hand the wand over. I'll return it. And you'd better not hurt yourself again, or you won't have to worry about Mother killing you anymore." "Hurt myself again?" Raven looked pointedly at his many cuts from falling from his broom. "How are you going to cover those up?" Nick grinned at her wolfishly. "Easy." He smoothed the cuts over with his finger, and once he had touched the entire wound, it had sealed itself together, good as new. But instantly, a wave of nausea and exhaustion hit him. Raven noticed this. "I'll forgive that one, because it healed you, but no more magic." Nick nodded earnestly. Raven was true to her word. "How did you get those anyway?" "Secret." Once Raven whacked him again, he relented. "I may have fell off my broom. But don't worry, I'm perfectly fine." "You have blood all over your clothes and covers." Nick paled. "Can't you fix it?" Raven groaned, but pull out her wand and muttered, "Scourgify." Nick's clothes instantly appeared good as new, as did his covers. "Thanks." "Don't try anything like that." she warned him. "I'll take care of getting Mother's wand back. Get up. It's already seven." She opened the door to his room, snatching Bellatrix's wand as she went and walked out. Nick clumsily stumbled out of bed, and pulled on Slytherin coded clothes. He pulled a comb through his already perfect hair, and brushed his teeth in his own bathroom, half asleep. He slid down five flights of stairs on the banister to the dining room, where Raven and Bellatrix were eating breakfast. Bellatrix was seated at the Head of the long table, reading the Daily Prophet. Raven was seated at one of the many chairs on the side. Bellatrix glanced up from her paper to him. "I'm surprised I didn't have to drag you out of bed." she commented drily. "You look like you spent half an hour doing your hair." Nick ran a hand through his dark hair, naturally perfect, as he liked to say so himself. "Two seconds, actually." Bellatrix made a hmm sound that indicated she didn't really care. Nick settled down next to his sister, sighing. He loved mornings like this, where his mother was not raiding houses or cursing muggles. Everyone was present, and it was a relaxed, quiet breakfast. A house elf hurried up to him, carrying a tray of cereal. "Your breakfast, Young Master Nicholas!" she exclaimed too enthusiastically. Nick gave her a charming grin. "Excellent. Thanks." The house elf blushed in embarrassment of the simple praise. The house elf beamed at him. "Young Master is too kind!" "Don't thank them." Bellatrix said. Nick looked up from his cereal in surprise. "They grow soft that way." Nick shrugged neutrally and continued eating his cereal. He had learned not to argue with his mother even in her best of moods. She had a quick temper that Nick had inherited from her, and she had a habit of cursing anyone who did not listen to her. Breakfast was longer than usual, but Nicholas was fidgeting in his seat. He had been awkwardly sitting for ten minutes, but Bellatrix and Raven were still eating. Considering the amount of trouble he'd be in if he left the table without being excused, he slumped in his seat. "Nicky," Bellatrix said suddenly in a sickening sweet voice. Nick cringed. "What have I told you about using Mummy's wand?" Her expression was furious. Nick looked to his sister in betrayal. Raven shook her head, indicating that it was not her. "To not?" he offered meekly. "Exactly," Bellatrix growled. She was no longer using her sweet tone. "How do you explain this? Prior Incantatem !" Nick grimaced as all of the spells he'd used last night rushed forward. His silence was answer enough for Bellatrix. "Come here, Nicholas." Nick quickly came to the head of the table, a sense of foreboding coming to him. His mother stood up, and swiftly backhanded him across the face. Nick collapsed to the floor in a heap. He saw Raven stand up, looking concerned. But he felt strong arms pulling him up and into a hug. It was Bellatrix again, and Nick found himself shocked by her mood swings. She let go of him and examined the bruise she had given him. "That will heal," she muttered, a flash of regret passing over her face. "I'm sorry I had to do that, Nicky, but you will never touch my wand again, clear?" Nick nodded, touching his stinging cheek. Bellatrix looked relieved, then frowned. "You're grounded, by the way." Nick opened his mouth to protest. "But-" Raven and Bellatrix both glared at him in perfect synchronization. He was struck by how alike they looked. Raven was practically Bellatrix's splitting image, with violet eyes and dark, curly hair. She had most of their father's features, but they looked strikingly similar together. Not to mention terrifying. Nick closed his mouth. Bellatrix patted his head. "Good choice." Nicholas looked at her hopefully. Bellatrix eyed him calmly. "Still grounded." Nick pouted and scowled. "Would you like another bruise?" Nick stopped scowling immediately. "Can I go now?" "You are dismissed." Bellatrix said, returning her attention to her newspaper. Like? Don't Like? Review! I'm not forcing you, but I'd love it if I could get some feedback.