Finally, when the sky was dark blue and scattered with stars, the train slowed down and stopped at Hogsmeade station. There was a slight chaos when they grabbed their trunks and pushed their way out into the already crowded corridor, but Theodore could simply follow in Zabini's tracks, and they were soon out on the platform. Pansy was shivering in the cold. Even though the platform was packed with students, there was a biting cold in the air. The wind went through the branches of the trees nearby the station, creating a scratching noise. When she thought about it, it was actually oddly cold for this time of year. The atmosphere was high, though – everyone was excited to get up to the castle. "Where's Gryffindor Golden Boy, then?" Malfoy had teased Ron Weasley as soon as he saw him, on the Prefects' meeting on the train. Weasley had simply rolled his eyes. "Well, congrats, Weasley" Malfoy commented hastily, "on finally beating Potter in something, that is." It had made Pansy laugh loudly. All the students were trying to get a carriage – the first ones had just arrived. Malfoy, who was a bit further ahead, was pushing some tiny Hufflepuffs out of his way. Pansy followed him, pushing through the crowd but finding herself having problems. She lugged her trunk, and some brat got in the way so she had to stop, which caused Vincent to walk straight in to her. She sent him a glare and straightened up. Vincent and Gregory were loads bigger than her, so they pushed through the crowd and made way. Pansy climbed into the carriage and was terribly grateful for the warmth inside. The ride up to Hogwarts was pleasant. They all had a great time mocking Harry Potter; Pansy laughed so hard when Malfoy did an impression of him. She really had the funniest friends in the world. The first thing that Draco noticed after getting settled in at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall, was that there was something different at the staff table – that great oaf Hagrid was not there. He commented about it, laughing loudly to the appreciation of his class-mates. He could not believe the school would hire an animal like that in the first place – it just proved how low the standards of this school were, Draco thought bitterly. He glanced over at the Gryffindor table where Potter and Weasley looked anxiously at the staff table, clearly having noticed what Draco too had noticed – probably sad that their beloved half-giant was not there to welcome them. Draco smiled. All through the – as usual incredibly boring – Sorting, Draco's stomach was growling and he was happy to help himself to roast potatoes and steak and kidney pie as soon as everyone was sorted. The food was, as usual, not like it was at home, but he could cope. The only thing interesting about Dumbledore's start-of -term speech was that he was interrupted. After all, they'd all heard his speeches a hundred times and could probably recite them by heart – what was interesting was who had interrupted him. A toad-like, pink-wearing Ministry of Magic-employed woman who told them all about how Hogwarts was going to change this year. Listening and watching her, quite surprised of her nerve to interrupt the Headmaster, along with the rest of the students, he realised he could not form an opinion yet. Sure, it would be lovely if something, or rather someone were to improve the manners of the school, but he would certainly have to see her in action to evaluate her. He noticed Theodore Nott looking disapprovingly at their new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher as she spoke. Blaise Zabini seemed utterly uninterested; Vincent and Gregory too slow to care. "What do you reckon?" he asked Pansy at his side, under his breath, nodding towards the woman in her pink cardigan. Pansy looked at her with a hint of disgust. "She needs a new wardrobe," she said then, making Daphne Greengrass and Tracey Davis snigger, and which seemed to resolve the matter as nobody said anything about it after that. After leading first year Slytherins up to the common room (bloody prefect badge, Draco thought), and informing them of all the rules and to stay put and not lose any house-points, he, Gregory, Vincent and Pansy sat round the fireplace in their hard armchairs in the dark, greenish common room, joking and complaining about being back at school. After enjoying their first potions lesson where Snape mocked Potter's attempt at the Draught of Peace, they were to meet their new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher for the first time. Their first lesson with professor Umbridge, their new Defence teacher had been different. That was the only way Pansy could describe it. After years of being taught by werewolves, Death Eaters in disguise and so on, it was surprisingly settled and easy. They were only to read Defensive Magical Theory and their new professor explained how they would not need to learn to use spells or fight, which caused an argument between her and the Gryffindors. Pansy admitted that perhaps Umbridge, this little pink lady who played the part of sugary nice, was not as nice as she made herself out to be – she did seem really stern – but, to be honest, Pansy reckoned Potter and the lot was overreacting slightly. They were bloody fifteen years old – they would not exactly need to learn how to duel yet, did they? It was silly. The argument sparked a conversation between her classmates on the way towards their common room through the dungeons, about Potter and his sanity – whether what he said happened in June was true or not. Whether the Dark Lord was back or not. Pansy noticed that both Malfoy and Theodore Nott kept a passive front during the entire conversation while the others discussed what they thought. She wondered why.