the floor of my bedroom?" Harry woke by her voice and looked around in confusion for a few moments before he answered "You fell asleep on my shoulder yesterday, so I put you in bed. I wanted to leave your room, but you warded it so good that I couldn't, so I slept, here, I hope you don't mind?" "I don't mind you sleeping in my room, but why didn't you wake me? Or slept in my bed, there was place enough" "I didn't want to wake you since you were sleeping so peacefully and I wouldn't have intruded on you privacy like that" plainly answered Harry. Tonks smiled and sat next to him "That is actually really nice to hear" Harry smiled back at her and went to sit up next to Tonks. They were silent for a while, just sitting there in silence until they heard Mrs. Weasley calling everybody for breakfast. Harry panicked for a moment "What are we going to say?" "Relax, we'll just tell them we wanted to work through our differences. Everybody will believe that because of your cool attitude you gave me before yesterday. We explain that I warded the room to have some privacy, but that I fell asleep and you couldn't leave the room. Simple as that" Tonks told him calmly. Harry just nodded but turned to her "You won't tell anyone what I told you?" She placed a hand on his shoulder and he already calmed down "They would have to kill me first, before I would say something you wouldn't want me to" "I promise I won't tell anyone either" "I know, now let's go downstairs and face the possible storm" she said with a wink. She removed the wards the had put up and they descended the stairs. When Harry entered the kitchen first Ron asked "Where were you last night mate, you weren't in your bed?" "Ron leave him be" Mrs. Weasley scolded him before she placed a plate of breakfast in front of Harry and Tonks. Harry looked at her questioningly and she told him "When we couldn't find you yesterday, Moody scanned the house and found you sleeping on the floor in Tonks' warded room, you can explain to me later what happened, but first eat" Both Harry and Tonks didn't need to be told twice and when they were done with breakfast Mrs. Weasley led them to the sitting room, closing the door behind her. "Now, care to explain how you ended up sleeping on the floor of Tonks' room?" she asked Harry. Instead of Harry, Tonks began "It's partly my fault Mrs. Weasley. I was sick of the situation between Harry and myself, so I dragged him in my room to talk to him. I warded it since I wanted some privacy. We talked and worked out our differenced" "We were talking afterwards when Tonks fell asleep on my shoulder, so I put her in her bed and tried to leave her room. I couldn't so I took a blanket and slept on the floor" Harry picked up. Mrs. Weasley sat there, looking at the two in front of her and she knew they were sincere, especially since Moody had already informed her about it. "I believe you, can I ask what the cause was of your differences?" she asked them. "I'm sorry Mrs. Weasley, but I promised not to tell anyone what I learned yesterday, I don't plan on doing so" Harry told her. "The same for me, I promised I wouldn't tell anyone without his permission" Tonks added. Mrs. Weasley smiled. "Why don't you go to the living room and help Hermione and Ron who should have started cleaning up there" Harry feeling he was dismissed, left the room. Mrs. Weasley then turned to Tonks "I don't want to impose, but what are your intentions with Harry?" Tonks looked shocked at hearing that and asked "What do you mean?" "I love Harry as my own son Tonks, I don't want to see him hurt. He looks at you with trust and I saw the same thing from you. Something I haven't seen from either of you before" "I'm not planning on hurting Harry. Yesterday was the first time we talked, but I would like to be his friend I think" Tonks answered. "I trust you'll do the right thing Tonks" Mrs. Weasley said "I'm glad he'll hopefully have someone to open up too" Tonks smiled before she left. The last two weeks of the holiday passes much more pleasantly than the weeks before. During the day, Harry helped with Mrs. Weasley and the others in cleaning the house, whilst talking to Hermione, Ron, the twins and Ginny. At the evenings after dinner when Tonks was home from work, they would talk and Tonks helped him with his morphing. Tonks would still ward the room for privacy, but it hadn't happened again that Harry couldn't leave the room. On September first, Tonks accompagnied the group to Kings Cross Station and just before Harry wanted to board the train, she pulled him aside. "We don't have that much time, but I heard that Dolores Umbridge, Fudge's undersecretary has taken on the post of DADA teacher. Since the view of the ministry towards you isn't positive at all, try not to provoke her please" Tonks told him. "I'll try" was the only thing Harry could promise her. "I would have asked you to write me, but with Umbridge there, I don't think that's safe. I did got you this, it's a two way parchment. You write on it, and it appears on my parchment immediately. After I answered it, it will disappear again" Tonks explained when she gave Harry the piece of parchment. "Thank you Tonks" Harry said with a smile. Tonks pulled him in a hug and said "Take care Harry, if there is something going on, please let me know" Harry nodded before they broke the hug and Harry boarded the train.