maybe once a week, twice if he's especially lucky. And it's definitely a crush at this point, but it's so ludicrous to get so goddamn excited when the equivalent of a stranger wanders in. Yet in spite of the knowledge that this is completely futile, Remus treasures that smile and puts a little extra attention into making his latte. And then he does something very, very stupid. When he's done, he looks up to see Sirius staring down at his phone. He isn't paying attention to what Remus is doing, so Remus, being the thirsty whore that he apparently is, seizes the Sharpie again and inhales slowly to calm his out of control heart rate. This is where Remus John "Moony" Lupin, once again, out of determination and a surge of impulsive bravery, fucks up. He writes his phone number. He gives the drink to Sirius before he can bail, who looks up, smiles that smile again, and plucks the cup from his hand. That thing that Remus reads about in book, where two people's fingers accidentally brush, happens, and instead of it feeling magical, he nearly has an aneurysm. There aren't any customers in line for Remus to dash over to, so he's stuck. Maybe if he interacts with Sirius enough, he won't notice what he's done. Sirius reads the name on his drink and busts a fucking gut. " Trenchfoot ?" "Oh dear, was that not it?" Remus sighs. "Really, the noisiness of this place is getting out of hand." Sirius, or "Trenchfoot", buckles and smacks his forehead against the counter, making Remus jump. A couple of people glance over judgmentally. Oblivious, he keeps laughing into the granite. "Moons, these get better every time!" " Tourists ," Alice growls when she walks by and Remus shrugs at her. Lily is watching with a mix of amusement and exasperation. "Hi, Sirius," she says while rinsing out a blender. Sirius peels his face off the counter and beams happily at her. "Afternoon, Evans. Did you see what Remus put for my name today?" "I didn't, no." Sirius spins the cup around to present the tragic misspelling of 'Padfoot' to her, and at the same second Remus's stomach lurches, Sirius's expression freezes. He blinks in surprise. He's seen it. Lily giggles and says, "Brilliant, Remus," before going back to ignoring them. Remus wants to run away from the city and never look back. Sirius takes a closer look at the latte, eyes wide, eyebrows raised, and asks slowly, "Is this your phone number ?" "...It is," Remus says, coughing awkwardly and chewing the inside of his cheek. He can feel himself blushing furiously and he hates that he can't smother it behind a cool, collected mask - that's never been a strong suit of his. Sirius nods, pursing his lips. After a long moment of silence, he smirks and lets out a loud cheer. "I got your number! I told James I could do it, the bastard. Wait, wait, while we're here, can I get your SnapChat?" "Uhh, sure?" "Great! Mine's padfoot420." Remus rolls his eyes despite himself. "Of course it is." He takes out his phone, making sure his manager isn't secretly spying on him from God knows where, and searches the username. Lo and behold, there he is. He adds him and a second or two later, Sirius adds him back. "Your username is remuslupin, that's so lame," Sirius says. "Is that your last name?" "Yes. And at least it isn't padfoot420. What are you, a drug dealer? Should I take my number back to avoid being initiated into a drug gang?" "Oh please, if I was in a drug gang, I'd be rich and coming to see you every day instead of weekly." He pauses and flushes red. "That is...I mean… In a not-creepy way..." He shakes his head. "I swear to all that is good and holy that I'm usually a lot smoother than this." "Unrealistic. Blocked," Remus says jokingly, which lessens the tension in Sirius's shoulders. "If you were rich, I'd look forward to seeing you everyday." They gaze at each other for a while, interrupted only by the bell of the tinkling and Alice shouting, "Remus, can you get this one?" "You said you go to Hogwarts," Sirius says in a rush. "Do you live on campus?" "Yes," Remus nods. "In Gryffindor." Sirius grins so wide it appears painful. "Holy shit, that's my dorm. It's official. We must be soulmates." The customer is staring at the menu now, and Sirius eyes them with contempt. "When does your shift end?" "Five tonight." "Can you meet me by the fountain after?" Remus smiles. "I can and I will." "Wonderful!" Sirius barks with delight. "I'll see you then, Moony." "See you then. Bye, Trenchfoot." Remus runs to the customer, feeling his heart swell gleefully at the sound of Sirius sharp, joyful laughter. . . Sirius goes to the fountain outside the Gryffindor dormitory early. He waits and taps at his phone, scrolling through his Instagram feed idly and flipping James and Peter off when he sees them peering through the window on the fourth floor. He sits on the edge of it, bouncing his knee in anticipation. He's nervous. What if he doesn't show? What if he lied about being in Gryffindor? What if Sirius had come off too strong? What if Sirius was just being annoying the whole time? What if- "Hello." Sirius looks up and there's Remus The Barista, wearing a smile that makes his golden eyes crinkle and his cheeks lift in just the right way. His curly hair is a mess, combed through with his fingers, probably. He's wearing the white button-down from work, and he looks a little tired, but Sirius thinks he's the most handsome man in the school right then and there. He stands, squares his shoulders, and goes to meet him. It's an opportunity come once in a Blue Moon, and it's the best decision Sirius has made all year.