the length. Demitri didn't seem to pay it much attention and left his hair to its own devices while Scorpius wore his much longer than the other two boys and even allowed some to fall into his eyes. Lily drew her eyes away from his hair and disregarded the urge to run her fingers through it. "Well I was thinking we could make this years Hunt a little more memorable for our two heads." He said. "You know they can't take part," Lily sighed. "Yes, and you know they're going to be miserable because of it." Demitri argued back. "What exactly are you planning Malfoy?" Lily asked, not one to beat around the bush. "Your cousin and my brother like each other. Now I'm rather tired of seeing them play this little game of denying their feelings, aren't you?" he asked simply. Lily was shocked. It had not been the answer she was expecting, yet it did excite her a little. Yes, she was indeed very tired of seeing Rose deny her feeling for Scorpius Malfoy. And it seemed she had not been the only one. "So, do you have a plan then?" she asked after a moment. He slowly broke into a brilliant smile. "We're going to use the Hunt to bring them together." "That sounds rather ambitious," Lily said sceptically. "Slytherin," he reminded her. "It will work. Scor loves the Hunt. And we'll just have to tempt Rose into joining." "How exactly is this going to work?" "I might know the people in charge of putting the shopping list together for this year. I could get them to make a few changes in our favour and that will be our way of getting Rose and Scor together." Demitri told her. "This is insane," Lily said looking slightly excited but also nervous. She bit her lip as she tried to think of all the ways it could go wrong. "Yes, and that is why it will work," Demitri told her confidently. "What are you going to add to the list? It has to be something that will take her directly to Scorpius… and if you say his underwear I will hex you." she warned. He held his hands up defensively. "I haven't thought about that yet but it can't be that easy… though it is a good idea." He said smiling appreciatively at her suggestion. She swatted him arm. "Ow!" "Get your mind out of the gutter Malfoy!" she said. Demitri mumbled something under his breath as he gazed down at the table. Lily followed his gaze to see it littered with her potions, astronomy and transfiguration homework. "Of course!" she exclaimed suddenly, "I have the perfect item for them!" she said excitedly as she pulled her notes from the table and shoved them before Demitri's face. He frowned at first not understanding but it only took him a few seconds before he broke out into another brilliant smile, "Lily Potter, you're a genius!" he said. There was a distinct ringing of a bell signalling the start of lunch. Demitri offered to escort Lily to the Great Hall, not quite ready to leave her company just yet. It seemed she felt the same as her steps got decidedly slower as they neared the Great Hall. Demitri gently pulled her aside, leaning on the pillar so he could speak with her. "How do I get your brother to change his mind?" he asked suddenly. "What?" Lily asked confused. "How do I get Albus to change his mind about this promise he made to James," he said simply. "Why would you want to do that?" she asked eyeing him suspiciously. "I have my reasons," he shrugged then looked at her indicating she should answer the question. "I don't think you can." She said smiling slightly. "Albus is far too stubborn and any promise he made to James would not have been made so lightly." "You underestimate my persuasive capabilities," he smirked. "I think you're overestimating yourself Malfoy," Lily smiled despite her best efforts. "I'd like to think of it more as me being… self-assured," he teased. "It's very much a Slytherin thing." "Oh, that much I can believe," Lily retorted. Demitri frowned slightly, "There's a little Slytherin in you," he said tilting his head to the side as if seeing her from a different angle would help. "I highly doubt that," she said. "Do you really think this insane plan of yours is going to work?" she asked sceptically. "What if they find out and it only pushes them further apart?" He chuckled, "Have a little faith princess." He said and led her into the Great Hall. Before they could go their separate ways, he turned to her, "I'll see you later," he smiled, bowing before her, causing a slight blush to appear. Demitri quite liked the sight of her blushing. He liked it even more knowing it was because of him. Without another word, he turned and walked towards the Slytherin table, joining his brothers for lunch. Scorpius was saying something, asking questions but Demitri barely paid him any heed as he gazed across the Great Hall. She looked up and saw his grey eyes staring intently at her; she stuck her tongue out, laughed and then turned back to her friends. Demitri realised then something he should have known ages ago… Merlin help him, he liked Lily Potter! }{}{}{}{}{}{ AN: This is my new NextGen story I have been working on for a while now. You will be pleased to know that it is a completed story so expect updates regularly! And depending on the reviews i might upload sooner! I haven't really read a scavenger hunt based story on FF and thought it would make a great plot! Leave me your thoughts on the matter! This story is dedicated to my dear friend Katy. Every ounce of mischief managed is only possible through your love and encouragement! This story is yours and yours alone! xoxo Immortal Dragon Empress