laughs from the two men beside him. "So it's agreed then!" Hermione said grinning, "You'll come with us tomorrow." "Wait now, we didn't say we agreed to this." Draco said though he had no intention of saying no to his wife. It was always nice to rile her up every now and then. "Well you certainly didn't say no. Either way we're going to Diagon Alley tomorrow with our without you." Hermione said. "I agree with Pansy. We can't hide and allow ourselves to be scared by this." "Mum's right," Rhaella said bringing the attention to the children seated further down the table. "We can't let them scare us into hiding. We haven't been to Diagon Alley in ages and we do need dresses for the reunion." She reasoned. "And more toys," Althea chimed in as she fought with Zeus over a garlic roll. Scorpius reached over and took the garlic roll away from her before she could attempt to eat it. "I think you have more than enough toys sweetheart," Hermione said. "More books then." she said throwing her most adorable look at her mother. "Besides I thought Malfoys aren't supposed to be scared of anything?" Rhaella said challenging her father and grandfather. "That is true," Lucius answered, "But Malfoys also live by another principle." He looked to his grandson, "Tell them what that is." "A Malfoy always protects their own." he answered without hesitation. "Exactly." Lucius said with a smile. "That occasionally means knowing the difference between it's wise to do something and when it's down right foolish." Lucius had been rather insistent on not going but there was nothing he had ever denied his grandchildren before. But this was a matter of their safety which was a different matter entirely. "So does this mean we don't get to go tomorrow?" Rhaella asked hesitantly. Everyone else remained silent. If Lucius thought it unwise to go into Diagon Alley then they had no reason to dispute that. It had become somewhat of an unspoken understanding that his only concern over the years had been the safety of his family. More often that not, his decisions had been undisputed when concerning the welfare of the Malfoy family, especially the children. The women seemed to be anticipating the idea that visiting Diagon Alley would have to wait a while, but they had a saving grace in Althea. "Please Grandpa… can we go?" Althea asked as she innocently batted her eyelashes. Lucius sighed heavily not knowing what to tell her. "Daddy pleeaaase?" she asked again trying her luck with her father. "Lucius let them go." Narcissa said softly, "They deserve to be out having fun, not be restricted to the manor. Besides there's no doubt they'll be safe with Draco and Blaise." "Lucius if it would make you feel better, why don't you and Narcissa accompany us tomorrow?" Hermione suggested. "All right," he conceded looking around the table, "You Malfoy women do know how to get your way," he added under his breath but it was drowned out as ecstatic squeals erupted around the table. It wasn't long after that did the Zabini's bid them farewell with promises to meet them early the next day. The children excused themselves and wandered up to settle themselves into the manor as did Draco and Hermione. "You did the right thing," Narcissa commented as they walked around the expansive Malfoy gardens. "Nothing is going to happen to them. Not with you, Draco and Blaise around." "But Blaise was right, these people are dangerous. Merlin knows what's going to happen tomorrow when people realise that Draco and Hermione are back." He said frowning, "Especially those friends of hers." "You heard Hermione, they haven't been in contact for years now." Narcissa reasoned. "That doesn't stop them from being any less stubborn… or dangerous." "It's going to be fine Lucius," Narcissa said soothingly. "You worry too much." Lucius chuckled at this, "That's funny considering at one point you were telling me I didn't care enough." Narcissa shot him a look to which he only laughed even more before turning serious again, "Draco is the one thing we did right Cissa. His life with Hermione is what we always hoped he would have. You know that I feel it is my obligation to keep our family safe considering all the harm I put everyone through in the past." "And you've redeemed yourself for that. Beyond all out expectations." she said softly. "I know you worry about them but you need to realise that Draco married a strong woman. Their children possess the strength of a true Malfoy but the heart that had been denied to our family for so many years. If anything they are the only ones I'm not worried about." Narcissa said looking at her husband with sincere eyes, "But I know you. And I know that telling you not to worry is of no use." She smiled as Lucius gripped her hand tighter. "It's my job to worry Cissa," he simply said, "After everything that has happened, it's only fair that I get to worry about these things." Narcissa didn't say anything but she didn't need too. Instead they continued walking through the blissful gardens basking in the peace it offered. Disclaimer: Most characters belong to JK Rowling. The plot, as well as characterization of Rhaella and Althea are mine. The name Rhaella was taken from George RR Martin's series A Song of Ice and Fire - named after Queen Rhaella of House Targaryen. A/N: Hello! This is my new story, its a little different from Chance Encounters (which i have not forgotten about btw). I already have chapter 2 all written up, but i really want to hear what you think first so please drop me a review! I welcome all constructive criticism. The chapter title was taken from the song " Selene" by the Imagine Dragons. As always, i have to thank my dear friend Katy for her wonderful help! xoxo Immortal Dragon Empress