your father and I – we don't really talk much so I didn't really know you – err – well, you existed really. Not until the other day. You see, the reason why I'm here is because – it's because well – you're – how to put it – you're special." Samantha looked at him blankly. "I'm special?" "Yes, very special." "What Harry is trying to say," Ginny interjected, leaning forward and beckoning Samantha to do the same with a conspiratorial glint in her eye, "is that you, Samantha Dursley, are a witch. You're capable of doing magic." Samantha's eyes widened before she turned to her mother, "Like your family!" Harry and Ginny both blinked at this, surprised by this reaction. "Err – Amelia's one of those – what do you lot call them – a Squib," Dudley explained. "We didn't want to keep anything from her. We just didn't – well, we weren't completely sure – that she'd have magic too. She showed signs but you know – we just weren't sure." "And I didn't want to get my hopes up," Amelia said, smiling down fondly at her daughter who she pulled into a one-armed hug. "I'm so proud of you." "So, we didn't need to come?" Harry asked. "Not that we mind," Harry added when he felt a sharp pain in his leg where Ginny had just kicked him. "No, we're really glad you're here. I was placed into foster care – the Muggle one – when the September I was supposed to start Hogwarts came and it was obvious my letter was never coming. I only had a child's knowledge of the wizarding world then, and so much time has passed since. I wouldn't know where to start." "What's a Muggle?" Samantha asked. "And what's Hogwarts?" "Hogwarts is the school you'll be attending," Harry supplied. "It's where you'll learn to control and use your magic, where you'll meet others just like you, and you'll find your place in the wizarding world. Have you ever done anything strange that you weren't able to explain?" "Mum got my lunch confused with Dad's once, and I hate pickle but Dad loves pickle sandwiches, and I was so upset and angry and hungry, but when I opened my lunchbox at lunch, the sandwich was gone and there was ice cream instead!" Samantha said excitedly. "It hadn't even melted!" "That's definitely a sign," Ginny chuckled. "That's what we call accidental magic – it happens a lot when you're younger, but the older you grow, the less it happens because you learn to control your magic." "Can you show me some?" "Not here. It's very important that Muggles – non-magical people – don't find out about magic, so we must never do it in public. And in fact, until you're seventeen, you must never do magic outside of school." "Unless your life is in danger," Harry added. "Is her life going to be in danger?" Dudley demanded, struggling to keep his voice down. "I'm not sending her to that school if there's some crazy evil overlord running about again. If there is, you tell me now Potter – you tell me now so I can get out – so I can keep my family safe. We're not spending another year in a safe house – I won't put Samantha through that, I won't!" Harry was taken aback by Dudley's outburst. He hadn't realised how much the last war had affected Dudley. "That's not what I meant," Harry said softly. "It's just one of those exceptions which is good for Samantha to keep in mind in case she ever is in trouble. The wizarding world is safe now, as safe as any place can get. I promise you." "I'm sorry. She's just my only daughter, you know?" "I understand." "Vernon and Petunia aren't due for another hour," Amelia said, as she glanced at her watch. "Maybe we could finish up here and you called follow us back to ours? That way we could have more privacy. I must admit, even I'm excited. I haven't seen magic in so long. At least not magic done on purpose." Harry explained the basics as they finished up, Samantha interjecting excitedly with lots of questions. Her mother seemed proud of her daughter and sharing in the excitement of rediscovering the world, which wasn't always necessarily the case with Squibs – especially when they had been cast out by their family. They tended to be bitter and angry, and it wasn't unusual for them to turn their backs on the wizarding world completely. Harry was particularly relieved to see how relaxed Dudley was about it all. He'd really changed. "You – err – you don't mind coming back to the house, do you?" Dudley asked, as they stood outside, ready to part to their respective cars. "I know – I know it doesn't hold the best memories for you. Amelia completely renovated it – and I had her take out the cupboard, made it into a reading nook for Samantha but I'd understand if-" "It's fine, Dudley," Harry reassured. "I'll see you there." However, once he was in the car, he wasn't entirely sure how fine it was. He was grateful for Ginny's reassuring presence as he turned the car into familiar streets, marveling on how the neat row of houses seemed to not have changed at all. He'd been sure that it would have been one of the first places that the Death Eaters in the last war would have destroyed looking for him. His eyes widened as he pulled into Privet Drive and saw Dudley, Amelia and Samantha stood outside their black car. Dudley was talking animatedly, pointing at the blue Volkswagen that was parked in the drive while Amelia tried to calm him down. "What do you think is going on?" Ginny asked, as they parked. "I think," Harry said, a sense of foreboding settling into his stomach, "that Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon are early."