to remind him of the safety they had in each other. Loren's body sighed into her, his breath relaxing into hers and the warmth of her hands on his face brought him back to there here, to them, together. She was his best and most trustworthy counsel. Her wisdom had shone as a beacon above all others when all the other possibilities seemed extinguished. After what felt like long moments, he loosed his large hands from around her arms, coming back to himself and seeing his lady wife as she truly was; her anger dissipated, and only her questioning eyes remained open to his answer. "Lucius has uncovered a nine hundred year old Covenant between House Gresham and House Malfoy that remains intact and legally binding. It could still be redeemed in the eyes of the Houses under the Old Laws." Ursa's eyes remained steady upon him, not daring to interrupt. "It would have sealed the Houses together in an alliance through a Sacrament between the oldest son of Gresham, Helio, and a daughter of Malfoy named Ariadne. However, the Sacrament was never fulfilled as Helio broke with the Accord in marrying a wife of his choosing from another House." Ursa drank in the information as Loren poured it forth for her, the lines of the family since that decision. One that Helio, it seemed, had not paid any regard toward. She regarded the information carefully as she pursued him again, carefully. "Does his demand include the satisfaction of the Sacrament?" "It has not." Loren's steady voice softened with implication. "But House Malfoy has no daughters, only one Scion." Ursa gasped as the pieces fell into place. "No Loren, we cannot- She's – How can this still be valid after almost a thousand years?!" She cried. "We cannot bind our child to that house! Our only daughter!" In her face, the desolation of what was to come rose fiercely, contorting her lovely features with utter revulsion. "House Malfoy pays no homage to the Guild itself and has no standing among us, would the remaining Guild allow this to stand?" Her hands had dropped, but their closeness together remained. The heat of her husband upon her as she had to crane her neck to keep eye contact with him in her shorter stature. Her Lord continued, evenly. "I have persuaded Lucius to consider releasing us from the Sacrament, as they were the House wounded by the breach, in exchange for the son of Malfoy and Nott to be trained alongside Hermione and Tyt'o once the clutches have hatched." Two sons. She thought. Two in exchange for the marriage to our daughter. Two chicks for our one witch? She looked at him in question. "To bond and train two of them for our only daughter, Loren?" He nodded. "Malfoy has aligned himself with the fallen house of Gaunt. The Madman. Many other houses follow along with him. Nott, MacNair, Lestrange. I am not certain that the Guild could win against such odds were it to come to war." This brought Ursa to exact attention. "War, my Lord? Are you most certain that Malfoy would be so foolish as to exact-" Loren's hissing answer caught her sentence short. "As sure I am that our Cast is not ready yet!" "The clutching will happen so soon, Loren. There may not be time-" "I know this, Ursa." Her hand crept to his sleeve and he turned away from his wife. "If they are not trained, and won't bond, we might lose-" Loren exploded as he wheeled back to her. "I KNOW!" His guilt was immediate when he saw her beautiful face wilt under the force of his anger. Tears threatened her eyes as she felt the force or his anger flood over her. In an effort to counsel him, and understand more of what they were facing, Loren felt anger at everything facing him. Her voice quieted. "We will need to prepare them. The both of them." She stated resolutely, and looked past him towards the dying fire in their hearth as plans and machinations were stirring behind her eyes even as she spoke. She gathered her determination around her as a cloak of strength for her husband, and her children. "If we do not train them well enough, and they are not able to call a bond with any chick in the clutch, those chicks are as good as lost to us. To the Guild as riders." Ursa caught his Loren's elbow and looked at him quickly. "May we but dare to hope that there will be no such loss to us in this, Loren." He shook his own head in uncertainty at the suggestion she made. "It is yet to be unseen, my Heart." The sigh in his words was filled with his fading determination, now clinging by a mere thread within him. Ursa saw this and felt herself steel at the waning resolves of her Lord and husband. Their house would not be brought to heel by this; House Gresham bowed to no House, and her Lord bowed to the treachery of no man. Loren looked to his beautiful wife as she stared into him with those bronze eyes of hers, filled with a purposeful intend. Her strength had been one of the first things that had drawn him to her, and it was still a beacon for him in any darkness they had to cross together. She was alight with her unwavering resolve. Ursa wrapped her hand upon his and squeezed it in solidarity, its strength swept through him and filled his heart with its resolve. They would find a way to keep this from being a failure. This war had already begun to encroach itself upon their people and lands, and dallied now in sweeping their family into an unknown game, with rules they were not certain they could navigate. … [1] Cast is what you call a group of hawks. But these are Dragons, so I'm burgle ring it.