you please don't die. And as the hours passed and Hermione's doubts consumed her to a point where she could no longer endure reality, she placed her head down on his chest and let the darkness take her away. Draco Malfoy opened his eyes two days later and all he could see was a massive ball of hair. It was in his mouth, his nose, squishing scratchily against his eyeballs, literally consuming him. He tried to control it but it was near impossible. He sneezed. The jarring noise combined with the jerking of his body caused Hermione Granger to bolt out of a dead sleep and fall backwards off the side of the hospital bed and onto the floor. "Holy FUCK!" Draco bellowed clutching the massive scar across his chest that had been tightly bandaged. "What the FUCK Granger? That bloody almost killed me." She had her hand over her heart, her eyes wide and dazed as if she couldn't believe it. And then she was laughing and crying and jumping on top of him and kissing every inch of his face she could reach. "Ouch. Ouch. Ouch!" He muttered against her lips, though a small smile tugged at the corners. "You're back." She whispered. "I missed you." He must have died and gone to heaven. This was it for him. Redemption. "Granger. What happened?" He asked, his voice deep and hoarse, simultaneously plunging his hands into her unruly hair and breathing her intoxicating scent in. "It doesn't matter, you're okay now. It's over." Her smile was so brilliant he felt his heart melting under her gaze. "Granger, I feel…" He looked down suddenly and watched as the blood receded from his bandaged chest. He tore it off quickly as she protested; the monstrous stab wound had disappeared from his pale skin. "Different." He smirked in wonder. "You're free." She laced their fingers together, sitting back and looking down at him with triumph. "You'll never turn again unless you want to." "Feeling proud of yourself?" He asked teasingly. "I'm proud of you." She whispered. "How so?" He questioned, loving the feel of her skin against his. "You didn't kill Ron." His eyes darkened at the mention of the Weasel and he increased the pressure of his hand around hers. He hated the fact that that piece of shit ever touched her. "Not yet." He promised darkly. "Draco, he needs help." And that's what he'd be getting. A psychological analysis of his mental state and a padded cell where he wouldn't be able to hurt anyone until… if he was cured; yes that was probably for the best; it saddened her to an exponential degree. Though she could not blame Draco for his loathing, just as she really couldn't blame Ron either. "Helped right into a shallow grave." His sneered, his upper lip curling back with distaste. "Stop it." She scolded. "Make me." He pouted. She frowned before leaning down and pecking his lips, he pulled her in for a deeper caress. She moaned against him. "Fuck Granger, let's get the hell out of this hospital and back to your place." "You have to rest. Just because the scar is gone doesn't mean the wound is healed. Plus I have work to do-" "Later." He murmured biting at her lips. "Draco-" She groaned. "I promise, later." He flipped her over onto her back, ready to dive into her soft flesh when the door opened and in strolled Harry Potter. One look at the scene before him and he strolled right back out. "Harry!" Hermione called, a red stain gracing her cheeks as she tossed Draco to his side and he threw up his hands in defeat. "We'll talk later Hermione!" Harry called over his shoulder refusing to turn around as he quickly closed the door behind him. She let out a giggle before collapsing down on the bed next to her lover. He had a far away look in his eyes that she had never seen before, it was odd but it was as if he was finally at peace. "Malfoy?" "Hmmm?" He nodded, closing his eyes. "Are we always going to be like this?" She whispered, running her fingers through his hair and down his perfectly sculpted cheek. "Like what?" A frown marred his gorgeous features. "A total contradiction. Complete opposites. Mortal enemies?" She tried for humor and failed. He opened one eye and stared at her with concentration, as if trying to figure her out; some days she was a strange, foreign concept to him, but not today. He turned his full attention on her, holding her as close as humanly possible to his chest. "You are the most brilliant and compassionate woman I've ever known. You are kind and humble and everything that is right in this world. And you have taken me, an evil, vile little cockroach and saved my life. But that's not why I love you. I love you because you are everything I could ever want and never have. And selflessly you have given me everything I will ever need. Be mine forever." He whispered harshly, caressing her face as if she were an apparition, one that would disappear at any moment. His eyes were hazy; she knew he was still in pain and trying to fight it. "You need to rest." She whispered, rubbing her fingers gently across his bare chest. "Sleep." "Mmmm." He murmured, closing his eyes again and nuzzling his face into her neck. "Granger." He breathed softly. "Yes, Draco?" She asked quietly as she wrapped her arms around his healing soul. He answered with a smirk and a kiss against her pulse before falling into her love and finding peace in dreams. Hermione smiled to herself as she contemplated the fates of the Universe and how lucky she was to have captured the most complicated and necessary love of her life. Yes, she was content. And all was silent, for the time being. Sunday morning's chaos couldn't come soon enough.