meant. "First, Naomi what did you mean about it being pointless when you tied yourself to a tree? Surely you stopped anyone else from getting bitten. Second what do you mean Remus? As to my knowledge Alpha werewolves mate for life to any female werewolves in the pack, but as we're both female and I'm not a werewolf then Naomi wouldn't have been bound to me and vice versa surely?" Naomi answered her question, "Maybe that'd be true if I was a witch but you've got to remember I'm a squib. From what Remus has explained to me, the transformation into a werewolf needs magic to survive. That's why muggles that are bitten are found the next full moon dead with distored limbs and numerous broken bones. Now my squib status means I have a small amount of internal magic that allows me to survive the transformation but afterwards, unlike a wizard or witch who'd still have energy, I'm completely worn out and can barely move. I told you how I'd wake up in the woods the first couple of times, why would I leave a village of people to go to the woods? Wouldn't I attack them? Remus explained that because my wolf was so exhausted and still hurting from the transformation it prioritised survival and hide in the woods, howling to scare everything away from finding it while weak. Then the night I found Remus, my wolf must have beenhopeing for protection from Remus's wolf." "And while it'd be true that our dear Naomi wouldn't have been bound by her inner werewolf to keep you, like she would be to me if we were to mate," answered Remus. "But the werewolf would not easily let you go if you so wished to leave. It would still yern for you but it wouldn't be the all consuming yern that would drive Naomi or me insane over the loss of a mate, or myself and another werewolf mate if I had more. To put as simply as I can an Alpha will hunt down any missing mate and said mate would hunt down any missing Alpha as too long apart would drive the inner werewolves insane and thus the human hosts insane too. Where as any other connections such as a human and werewolf like the two of you, or two regular werewolves would just create a strong yerning and a deep loss which could be battle through through sheer will power, but as Naomi clearly loves you I doubt that'd work for her. Not that you're thinking of hurting her by leaving now are you?" Remus finished with a stern look at Cosette. "No," Cosette quickly replied, instantly feeling uncomfortable under the look she was receiving causing her gulpping nervously. "I was, just, curious. That's all." "Don't worry," Naomi said beneath, snuggling into her for extra warmth. "He's just messing with you." Cosette looked down at Naomi before looking across at Remus's still stern face looking for some sign of that but before she could ask if Naomi was sure, she noticed a slight twitch in the corner of his mouth as his attempt to keep the smile of his face failed and broke out, along with a little chuckle. "Sorry, couldn't resist." Remus grinned. "Leave her alone." Naomi mumbled into Cosette's breasts. Remus and Cosette looked at each other for a second before bursting into laughter. "Stop shaking my pillows." Naomi complained, which only caused futher laughter. "Think it's time for you to go to bed." smirked Remus as he got up, moved over and lifted Naomi up in his arms. Blanket and all. "Up the stairs, futherest door. It's the only bedroom. I removed the wall between the two." she added the last at Remus's look of confusion over a holiday cabin having one bedroom. The squealing, squirming package was delivered to its destination complaining that they were supposed to talk before relaxing and ridiculously quickly falling fast asleep when Remus assured her they could still do it tomorrow. "Soooo," said Remus cutting short the silent awkward moment that was on going. "What did she mean earlier?" "Huh?" Cosette answered intelligently as she lay next to Naomi. "Back when I ask where you went and she said..." Remus explained before trailing off. Cosette blushed deeply. "She said you didn't. You didn't go anywhere? You did it right next to me? You had sex next to me!" Cosette shot bright red and mumbled something incoherent. "And I missed it!" added Remus. "WHAT!" shouted Cosette. "That's what you're caught up on." "Well, yeah." answered Remus with a slight cheeky smile. "Settee's your bed." she replied with a smirk and a weak Depulso , just enough to make Remus stumble back a couple of steps through the door. Remus chuckled and with an exaggerated bow, he thanked Cosette and wished her goodnight. Closing the bedroom door shut, he headed downstairs to his 'bed'. A/N Finally completed a chapter, I've been reading fanfic for quite a while now and been really wanting to try myself but unfortunately I've always been bad at writing. I don't have the excuse that English is my second plus language as it's my only language yet I'm terrible at it, it was my worst lesson at school and I've never been good at spelling which isn't helped by the fact my laptop hasn't got a spellchecker so I've tried googling bigger words but often it's small easier words I get wrong. So my apologises for any misspelt words or poor punctuation. I've written this chapter numerous times, changing my mind while writing and then changing my mind over bits when I read through checking and then having to change other parts because I changed that part but changing my mind over that change and then realising that the first change no longer fit because of that. So hopefully not only does this makes sense, but so does the story. Thanks for reading :) :) :) :)