office with a snarky reply about using his testicles as an appetizer, as Harry's laughter followed her out. Ha! And Pavarti and Lavender had been so sure that it was he who would lose this battle! And even if the two of them were in love, they clearly didn't confess it by the evening of December 1st. All that mattered was they had teamed up against him and it seemed to create some sort of truce. He won either way, things could return to normal now. Harry grinned, figuring he'd treat himself to a celebratory firewhiskey before heading home to his naked wife wielding a kitchen knife. His grin widened at the image. Twenty minutes later upon reaching the lifts, a grumpy old wizard from magical maintenance informed him that there had been a locking spell placed on them and he would have to take the stairs to the Atrium. Harry frowned in disbelief, a locking spell? How strange. Just as he hustled down the last 50 steps and exited into the hall, the doors of lift number 7 chimed open. There, was Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy wrapped around one another as if nothing else in the world existed. They were attacking each other's lips with fervor, both fighting for dominance. There was bright pink lipstick all over the side of his face and her hair looked as if she had stuck a fork in an electrical socket. Harry stood there, observing their insane behavior, not sure if he should run for it, or take a picture for Ginny to see. No, he would keep this from her. Let her figure it out ages after he already had. The couple went on, blissfully unaware of him and continued to kiss and caress each other with abandon. Hermione kept trying to put her clothes back on, while Malfoy simultaneously peeled them off. Only when the lift began to chastise them for inappropriate work behavior, did Hermione pull herself away and forcefully remove Malfoy's hands from her rump. "You're going to get us caught." She murmured, trying to shrug back into her sweater. He reached for her once more, running his hands down her sides as she moved to walk away. Harry hid himself in the corner as she hurried past, Malfoy took a second to collect himself before jogging to catch up with her. "Would that be the worst thing in the world, Granger?" "No, but then you win the bet! I told you Harry didn't suspect. He's so oblivious!" Harry stopped himself from gasping. "There's still time." Malfoy smirked, rushing at her once more, to sweep her up in his arms. "Put me down you impossible snob!" Though she sounded anything but angry. "Ask nicely, love." He purred, running his mouth down the side of her neck. "Never." And then they were kissing again. Harry groaned; he was trapped and could either listen to their sexual banter or expose himself, making Malfoy the winner of whatever alternative bet was happening between the secret lovers. "I won fair and square. You know what that means…." She smiled seductively, pulling him roughly by his tie. "You're my library slave for the next month." Harry would have given anything at that moment to not have ears. What the hell was a library slave? "I disagree. We both won, Potter knows now for sure, seeing as I threatened him." "Draco!" She admonished, half-heartedly. "Now, where to go on Holiday?" That sneaky bastard, Harry thought with building humor. The two were grinning at each other now, thick as thieves. "Ginny said the Maldives are wonderful this time of year…" Hermione mused, landing back on her feet as he took her hand and they headed toward the fireplaces. "Crawling with tourists no doubt. Uncivilized. Granger, we might try to go somewhere with a little culture. You keep forgetting you're with a refined, sophisticated man, now." "Yes, very. It was your sophistication that made me fall in love with you. For example, this morning when you tripped over Crookshanks on your way to the loo and landed on your arse, or when you accidentally wore my running shorts as panties last week." The mirth in her voice was contagious. "Yes, because you're always so presentable. You know you've got lipstick all over your teeth." He teased with a softness Harry had not heard from him before. "We'll then that means you've got lipstick all over your co-" Harry bowed his head in complete horror just as Malfoy slapped his hand over her mouth. "Such a naughty girl." He murmured. Harry gagged for the second time that day as Hermione shot back a snarky comment. They sauntered off hand in hand, bickering and laughing, as Harry swore under his breath. Ginny was going to be impossible when she found out….or did she already know? That woman was going to be the death of him. And he would gladly oblige. It had been a sincerely peculiar day for Harry Potter, and if Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy had become the norm, he was positive life was about take a dive back into madness. Though madness seemed less irritating if Hermione was happy, and judging by the last ten minutes, Harry knew that to be true. Well, he could pat himself on the back for a job well done. He had been the one to suggest they work together, after all. He would have to remind Ginny of that before news broke and the word went rampant. The smile gathering on his face fell suddenly, did that mean he'd have to be the unfortunate soul to tell Ron? No, no he'd make Ginny do the dirty work. In fact, he'd bet her a new Quidditch Pitch she wouldn't have the guts to do it. Who was he kidding? When it came to Ginny, all bets were on. UPDATE: Was thinking of doing an additional chapter about what took place in The Room of Truths, what do you guys think?