around the shop before stopping dead in her tracks. "That one, Rus. It's gorgeous! What do you think?" She pointed to a brown and cream striped owl tucked into the back corner of the shop. She pulled Sirius over to the cage and poked her finger in to stroke its cheek. Sirius flagged down an employee of the shop who quickly made her way over. "Are you thinking of purchasing this beauty? She's a Barred Owl, been tucked away in this corner for a couple months now, people just keep passing her over for the ones up front." "Yes, please, ma'am. How much is she?" He responded. "It'll be 11 galleons, if you want her." The employee remarked, smiling at Aludra who was still petting the owl. Sirius rolled his eyes and took the coins from his sister's blindly outstretched hand, counting them and passing them to the woman. "I don't think I have much of a choice here, thank you, ma'am." She smiled again and nodded, before heading over to another customer who was eying a menacing looking screech owl by the window. "Alright, Lu, let's go finish up. Oh, what should we name her?" He asked, knowing Lu would want to do the honors. She grabbed the handle of the owl's cage, pondering his question. "I dunno, Rus," She paused, her face lighting up, "How about Electra?" "If that's what you want, it's a nice name. Now I can send you letters while I'm at school and you won't have to miss me too bad." Aludra gave him a small smile and responded. "I'm still going to miss you, Sirius. But if you promise to write me at least once a week then I promise to try my best to not get too sad about it." He smiled back at her and nodded his head. "I promise, Lu. I'm going to write you so often that you're going to get sick of me rambling on, I swear!" "Sure I am, Rus. Now let's go before we get in trouble! What else do we need to get you?" "I need a cauldron, phials, a telescope and a set of brass scales. Where do you think we should go?" "Well the cauldron shop of course, and then I imagine Wiseacre's, right?" She questioned uncertainly. He pondered this for a second and then nodded his head, pulling her in the direction of the cauldron shop a couple doors down. They quickly purchased his cauldron, rushing out of the surprisingly crowded shop and walking across the street to Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment. "Do you think it's really necessary to have a whole shop dedicated to cauldrons?" Aludra mumbled quietly as they perused the various pieces of equipment that were undoubtedly too fragile for the eleven and nine year old to be messing with. "I'm sure there's some reason for it, Lu. Now help me find these glass phials, please?" The two made their way through the shop as quickly as possible, knowing that they were running out of time before they were expected at Madam Malkin's. Sirius and Aludra stepped through the door to Madam Malkin's hand in hand, just before their family turned the corner to the shop front as well. Aludra breathed a sigh of relief, grateful that they had made it in time. She really didn't want Sirius to be punished just before he went to Hogwarts, as she was certain that his punishment would have involved isolation from his family. "I assume you purchased everything you needed, Sirius?" Walburga huffed, already flicking through Madam Malkin's fall catalog. Orion and Regulus had evidently decided to stay outside, rather than stand around in the cramped shop. Sirius nodded his head, glancing around for the shopkeeper. Madam Malkin stepped out from the back room, her robes billowing behind her. She brusquely waved Sirius onto a pedestal in front of a cluster of mirrors, flicking her wand at a tape measure that began taking his measurements. "What'll you be needing, young man? I assume you're headed to Hogwarts?" She questioned, her voice kind despite her seemingly cold manner. "Yes, ma'am. I need the things that are on the first year supply list." He replied, ready for this to be over with already. Madam Malkin nodded her head, walking over to a rack of robes and pulling a few off. She waved her wand over them, the fabric stretching and shrinking in places, and placed them on a nearby table. She opened a drawer and removed a black pointed hat and pair of gloves, adding them to the pile of garments. "Do you need a cloak, or do you have one already?" "I have one at home, ma'am. That's the only thing I don't need." Walburga sighed impatiently from the corner, loudly turning the page of the catalog that she was holding. "Alright, well this will be all, that'll be 17 galleons for the lot." Aludra glanced at her mother who made no move to pay the woman and rolled her eyes discretely. She pulled a handful of coins from her pocked and counted out the necessary amount, handing them to Madam Malkin, the shop owner smiling at her gratefully. "Finally. Let's go children, your father and I have wanted to head home for the last hour." Walburga walked rapidly out the door, not even checking to see if her children were following her. The siblings thanked Madam Malkin quickly and left the shop to find their family. Hi! I'm working on this as a personal NaNoWriMo type challenge, 50k words in the month of December. This is my first time posting something here, so please be gentle! This is also posted to AO3. Fun Fact: Aludra is a star in the constellation Canis Major, just like Sirius. Canis Major is one of the dogs following the constellation Orion, the namesake of Sirius's father. It took me two weeks to finally decide on a name, and Electra, now the owl's name, was a contender.