new text messages, they drew their wands for an EPIC duel. Lord Voldemort moved his wand and Harry's old Hogwarts Academy classmate, Dean Thomas, who was standing behind Voldemort to his left, flew across the dance floor towards Harry. But Harry was too smart for that. He moved his wand and suddenly Dean Thomas was erased from history and all previous stories/books. Voldemort groaned and moved his wand again. This time, all the Energizer AAA batteries in people's pockets or somewhere in the place rose in the air and shot towards Harry. Harry saw this coming from a mile away and moved his wand, lifting all the Duracell AA batteries into the air, shooting them into the Energizer batteries. They all exploded when they hit each other, but it looked really cool like a laser show. "Nice laser show, but a bit too loud :/," wrote Neville Longbottom on a Yelp review for DJ Draco. Because of that review, DJ Draco's career ended after the reunion and he passed away a year later due to too many mosquito bites. While Harry admired the light show, Voldemort came up behind him and hit him over the head with a metal chair. Low blow! Harry struggled to get up and Lord Voldemort shot the killing curse at Harry Potter, but at the last minute, someone flew across and took the blow. Harry took his time before he looked over and noticed who had saved his life: Puppet Ron Weasley! Bobby stood at Ron's side and moved his mouth and said Puppet Ron's last few words. "I hope this makes up for all those bad times, mate. You are smart, handsome, and brave. Never forget that," Puppet Ron said. And with a wink of the eye forced by Bobby, Ron Weasley finally was laid to rest on the dance floor of his high school reunion/funeral and no one had to grieve no more. "You are a piece of work, Ron Weasley, but now you have earned my respect. The moment would only be better, though, if Bobby the Elf wasn't here. He's not a Hogwarts Academy student! Sorry!" said Harry. With a move of the wand, Bobby the Elf never existed. "Well, your friend isn't here to save you anymore, Harry Potter," laughed Voldemort. "Oh, really?" said Harry. Because Harry had seen this thing a mile away because he was super smart, he had texted Professor Cornelius Fudge and Prime Minister of Magic Lloyd Quirrell to get there ASAP. And while they crashed the reunion, they still came in, tased Lord Voldemort, and arrested him. Voldemort didn't even know what was coming to him. They escorted the reunion out and soon it was just Harry, his old professor and mentor from Hogwarts Academy, the newly elected Prime Minister of Magic Quirrell, and a handcuffed Voldmort. "I have taught you well as your professor," said Professor Fudge. "You're lucky too. I would have been too busy to come save your ass if I hadn't bet all my money and my gold casino in Tallahassee on those horse races. But I lost everything to my name and now the dark lord has been stopped again." "Bets can really go either way, I suppose," shouted Harry. "I'm glad you were elected Prime Minister of Magic an hour ago, Quirrell. Finally, we have someone in the government who has the balls to catch criminals and bring them to real justice!" "Yes, Harry," said Prime Minister Quirrell. "You have done a really neat job coming up with a cool reunion that everyone loved and you stopped evil in its tracks, something the government hasn't been able to do! But now I have brought some muscle here to finally give the death penalty criminals like Voldemort deserve: death by firing squad!" Five men with big ass guns walked in. They lined up in front of Voldemort, who stood in front of the stage where DJ Draco was still packing up his equipment. They pointed their guns at the dark lord and counted down. "3…2…" "Harry," screamed Ginny, who had just entered the place where the reunion was. "I have given birth and the baby's name is Henny, my middle name! Also, you are great at throwing class reunions!" In all of the happiness and celebration over the new baby Ginny held in her nanny's arms, no one noticed Voldemort slip out of the place where the reunion was, call up a taxi, call again asking where the taxi was, and get away in the taxi once it came super late. Voldemort had slipped away into the London underworld, otherwise known as Digimon Alley. It took 2 hrs before everyone noticed he was gone and everyone cried because they hadn't done their damn job. "I guess we are going to have to stop being so damn soft if we're going to be able to deliver justice properly. No more of this dumb shit where we care about these bad guys who don't care about us! It's time to shoot them or being shooted at," declared Harry to thunderous applause. The End. Where are they now? Crabb Goyle still has bad sperm. Hagrid returned to his bachelor ways in Tallahassee after scoring a night with Rita. Gil Lockhart died from all those goddamn leeches or maybe it was his ulcer. Either way he died a virgin. Professor Fudge got audited by the IRS and is in jail for tax evasion. Prime Minister of Magic Quirrell quit because even though he promised change, he couldn't deliver it! He got married to Molly Ringwald Weasley and moved to Seattle. Ron Weasley's body was buried in a ditch somewhere. DJ Draco is dead. Myrtle is dead. Aberforth is dead. Bobby the Elf and Dean Thomas never existed. Ginny would go on to cheat on Harry with one of those goblins from the bank. Harry replaced Prime Minister of Magic Quirrell and installed very good death penalty and law enforcement laws like he promised voters!