to weirder. I blame you." He told Ginny. Luna smiled dreamily. "Who would match Neville well as a couple?" she asked out of the blue. The other four swiveled their heads to look at her in surprise. Ginny laughed at the abrupt subject change. "Well, he tends to go for the girl-next-door type, but I honestly think he would be better off with someone who challenged him a bit more. He tends to fade into the background with a bland nice girl like that." She tapped her chin thoughtfully. "I've always wondered a bit how he would be dating a guy." Pansy sputtered. "Longbottom? I can't see it at all. Well, the gay part I can see, maybe. The actually admitting it, not so much. He'll probably end up with the stereotypical good-girl wife and an office job." Luna frowned. "He's awkward and shy now, but he won't be forever." Her eyes slid to Draco. "Sometimes it takes boys a little longer to grow up." Draco's eyebrows shot up, but before he could defend himself Ginny responded. "Who in Hogwarts even is gay, anyway? Any guesses?" Pansy jumped right on that. "One hundred percent, Cedric Diggory." Ginny's mouth dropped open. "No way! Really? I would have never guessed. I thought he and Cho had a thing?" Blaise and Draco exchanged commiserating looks as the conversation continued. Pansy was saying, "I have no proof, but I just know. He definitely is, Ginny. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he was interested in Draco. Did you know he offered to be his personal counselor?" Draco dropped his hands to the bench loudly. "Okay, that's enough! Leave me out of this. Half of the people in this school have a thing for me, and I'm bloody tired of hearing about it. Merde." Luna patted his knee consolingly. "That's fine. Did you know Professor Trelawney decided to take a sabbatical this term?" A strange, wistful smile crossed Draco's lips for a tenth of a moment. "No, I hadn't heard that. I'm glad that the Headmaster took my advice, though." Ginny frowned. "You advised him to fire the Divination Professor and he actually listened? I thought you and Dumbledore didn't see eye to eye." Draco snorted. "That's because we don't. And I didn't get her fired, I kept her from being fired." His gaze sharpened. "I know of the new DADA professor. She will do her best to get rid of anyone who has a weakness. It's why Hagrid took leave, too. She hates non-humans and Dumbledore, and as Dumbledore's supporter, Professor Trelawney would just be an easy target." Despite his opinion of the woman as a teacher, she didn't deserve to be bullied by Umbridge. No one did. Blaise agreed. "You know, the hag will probably like Charlie though. He's lucky, because she already likes your brother Percy. Guess being a Ministry peon helps with something." Ginny's lips pressed into a line at the mention of her semi-excommunicated brother, but she said nothing other than, "I suppose so." She turned to Draco. "I'm curious about something, though. Sometimes you swear in French. Why is that?" Draco snorted. "Sans blague." At the blank looks, he sighed. "No kidding? That's because I am French." Pushing back some hair that was tickling his jaw, Draco reminded himself to get a haircut soon. He was tired of seeing himself look so similar to Lucius Malfoy. Ginny snorted at that. Draco cocked an eyebrow at her. "Is that amusing somehow?" he questioned. She grinned. "Not being French, so much as the mental image of you wearing a beret." Blaise and Pansy both chortled at that. "Oh, you're so right. It's somehow very entertaining!" Pansy chuckled. Luna frowned. "I think you'd look dashing in a beret, Dragon." She said seriously. Draco privately thought that anyone who took fashion advice from Luna was in trouble. "Thanks Luna. The rest of you, you're ridiculous." While the rest of the group recovered from their hysterics, Luna tapped her chin thoughtfully. "I think I finally figured it out. You're a Slytherclaw, Draco." The blonde Pureblood gave her a dubious look. Blaise straightened on the bench with a start. "You're onto something, Lovegood. No wonder Drake's so fucking terrifying!" he ignored Draco's muttered 'don't call me that,' and continued, "We always talked about people who could've gone to more than one house. Like Granger, she's totally a Gryffinclaw. A lot of Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors could go either way. As for Ravenclaw and Slytherin, cunning and intelligence together is kinda frightening, like a supervillain." Ginny looked intrigued. "I've never heard anyone in Gryffindor talk about this before, but I can see what you mean. Luna, you're totally a Ravenpuff." Luna blinked happily. "I thought so too." She agreed. "I think Harry Potter is a Gryffinpuff." Pansy agreed. "He's a total sap, so that fits. Certainly can't imagine him giving in to the urge for a good backstab. More's the pity." She winked at Ginny, who laughed. Draco began to get the feeling that he should be a little uneasy around the two should they become co-conspirators. He was getting dangerous vibes from the duo. Considering the invasive way they had been discussing his personal life, perhaps he should give them as little ammunition as possible. Just then, Draco happened to glance up, and he stiffened in his seat. "I'll be back later." He abruptly stood and exited the compartment, silver eyes locked on the brilliantly green stare meeting his own. As he slid the door shut, he vaguely heard Blaise's exclaimed, "Oh, shit." A superior smirk. Cold, emerald eyes vivid with color, and chocolate-colored locks styled to perfection. The familiar talisman hung in its normal place over a broad chest. Immaculate robes, tailored and luxurious, covered tanned skin. "Hello, Drake." The voice was velvety smooth, but there was a darker undertone that was disconcerting. It had been years since he had laid eyes on his childhood friend, but Draco recognized Henry Selwyn in an instant.