liquid-gold energy, and disappeared into her hand. Her arm jerked back at the searing sensation on her palm – like someone had taken a cow-brand to the skin there. Her left hand tightened her grip around the Sword in reaction to yet more pain. Again, the burning was sudden, leaving as swiftly as it started. Harry turned her hand, wanting to examine it for injury. She was stunned when she saw no wound. I]Whatever had just happened, it had felt as though she should at least have a burn. Instead, there in the middle of her palm was a small, realistic feather pattern, just like the one that had disappeared. It had felt like a brand, but it looked almost like a tattoo, inked in vivid scarlet and gold. Her first thought was, 'Aunt Petunia would sooner chop my hand off before letting me in the house with a tattoo .' Her second thought - and what followed - went something like this, 'My wand . It's gone. You can't do magic without a wand, can you? How am I going to stay in Hogwarts without a wand?' She nearly hyperventilated at the thought of being sent permanently back to Privet Drive - where hand-chopping most likely awaited. " Oh honestly, child. Calm yourself," came the slightly chiding voice of the Hat. "Witches and wizards do get replacement wands – did you think there was never someone who broke their wand in a duel, or dropped one in a potion?" Harry deliberately slowed her breathing to a normal pace. " Besides, from what just happened, I'd say you won't need a new wand anyway," the Hat continued almost smugly. "Surely you noticed that the most magical part of your wand hasn't left you?" it prompted her, referring to the new mark on her palm. "I'd wager you'll likely never need a wand to perform magic again." Harry simply stood there for a moment, completely still as her brain worked over this new information. She soon gave up, pushing back the unwanted thoughts and emotions until a later time. It was a familiar practice. 'Why can't I be normal for once?' she thought to herself in frustrated dejection, even as she began to adapt to her newest situation. 'No one can do magic without a wand - it's supposed to be impossible. This'll just make me even more of a freak. Even among the magical people, I'm an anomaly.' A long sigh escaped her throat. 'Isn't there someplace where I'd just be able to simply be me for once?' Unknown to Harry, her simple wish activated one of the powers Fawkes' magic had bestowed upon her; teleportation for a phoenix was simply a matter of wanting to go somewhere else. And Harry most definitely wanted to be somewhere else at the moment. A sense of vertigo overtook Harry's mind, along with a surge of terror as she abruptly found herself engulfed in a torrent of fire. It surrounded her on all sides, licking against her face and limbs, and for a panicked moment, she didn't realize that it wasn't burning her. She felt herself tumbling through open air - downward or sideways she didn't know - and all she could see was a blur of red, orange and yellow all mixing together and dancing in the pattern of a flame. Finally, the chaos ceased, and she felt something solid beneath her feet once again. Her legs nearly buckled as her feet met the ground with a muffled thump. She opened her eyes, only just realizing they had closed against the onslaught of blazing color. They widened far beyond what she had intended as she took in the view. The sight before her was nothing short of enchanting. She was currently standing in a valley, nearly every inch of the ground covered in brilliant red-orange flowers, each with six perfectly formed petals that glowed with some sort of soft radiance. Surrounding the valley like a circle of guardian watchtowers were the wide bases of tall, green mountains, so lofty that their tops were veiled by a thick bank of clouds. She could see shining ribbons of water gliding down the slopes in the form of sparkling waterfalls, splashing pleasantly into clear pools with large, round, white stones at their bottoms. She stumbled over to one of the pools, finding her dry throat almost unbearable in the face of a supply of such clean, refreshing-looking water. As she leaned over the nearest pool, however, she felt pinned in place by the sight of her reflection. Her face was pale, though her cheeks were slightly flushed from adrenaline, and completely covered in grime. Her hair was sweaty and plastered to her skull - the least riotous she had ever seen it. Her robes had various tears in them, and were filthy from the slide down the grubby entrance to the Chamber of Secrets. What held her attention was none of that. The most abhorred part of her appearance, that unwanted-attention-grabbing scar carved onto her forehead - it was gone . There was a small trail of dried blood mixed with some sort of black ooze where it had previously been, but as she splashed a bit of water onto it, she could see that there was not even a trace of the once-famous scar. She felt almost weak-kneed with some unknown emotion between confusion and immense relief. The relief quickly won out, given that she was pretty much used to a constant undercurrent of confusion. Her fingers reached up of their own volition, and traced the spot lightly. Her contemplation was interrupted as her keen ears - hidden beneath the too-large Sorting Hat - twitched backwards slightly at a soft fluttering noise behind her. She quickly spun around, still a bit skittish from the recent fight with a gigantic snake-monster, her hand clenched tightly around the handle of the Sword. She was met with nearly a dozen gleaming black eyes, staring straight at her.