it. He turned his head to look at her, and gave her that smile that made her heart melt. The one that he reserved for her alone. She laced her fingers through his as best she could, and rubbed her thumb over his hand, as he had done with hers earlier. The smallest comfort, but knew he appreciated it. They walked upon the clearing, the scenery would have been perfect under different circumstances. Penelope stopped them, and turned awkwardly. She had always been a kind person, and she had fought hard during the war. She was a person with a generous heart, and was someone Hermione had always thought highly of. Penelope looked at them both and said gently, "There are only two minutes, take all of it to say your goodbyes." She gave them a sad smile, and vanished the restraints on Draco's hands. Hermione took no time at all to jump upon him, wrapping her legs around his waist, arms around him and burying her face in his neck. The resolve that she had had, left when she was faced with having to say goodbye. "I c-c-an't," she sobbed into his neck, "this is something, I just, I can't do it." He inhaled her scent of cinnamon and lavender. He squeezed her tighter to him. He took a shaky breath and told her, "You can, you're the most powerful person I know." "No, no," she started, but she couldn't finish due to the sobs that were wrecking out of her body. Instead she pulled back her head to look him in his eyes, that now resembled a thunderstorm in winter. Which, she supposed, this actually was. She pulled herself together enough to put both hands on either side of his face, and she declared to him, "I love you." Tears were falling from her eyes, but her words were strong, and her eyes were steel. She meant that with every fiber of her being, and she would make sure he knew before she had to leave him. It was at this point that the man who had remained so collected, could no longer stay so. Tears started to silently slide down from his eyes, as he looked at her and whispered, "I love you." She pulled his face to hers, and kissed him most ardently. In that kiss she placed her entire being. She didn't leave anything left for herself. He reciprocated with the same intensity, he would leave nothing behind to keep for himself. She was the only person he needed to give anything to, would ever give anything to, and she would have it all before she left. She pulled back reluctantly, when Penelope declared their two minutes was over. That Penelope gave them longer, Hermione didn't know, but her heart was broken for them. Hermione had pleaded this case, Draco's case, for months. Since the decree came out. Hermione, Harry, and Ron had appealed. They had appealed directly to the Minister, but Kingsley at long last could do nothing. There was an overwhelming majority rule, and this is the way it had to be. There could be no exceptions. Not even for Hermione, nor Harry, or Ron. It was the law now, and no special treatments were provided. All death eaters, all that were marked, would not have trials. The scared twenty-eight was dismantled, and the laws were voted for by those voted in. Most of whom had lost so many during the war. They decreed that all those marked, would face a death sentence. They would all be executed in the same manner. It would rid those that did so many evils to innocents. The case that Hermione had made for Draco didn't matter, they had been firm, no exceptions. Draco, was the last one. Kingsley had given them as much time as he could. Harry had protested the death sentence as ardently as she. He had never believed that a life for a life would ever fix anything. All her fighting had led her to loss. She hugged him one last time before dismantling from him. He squeezed her back until the air was all but gone from her lungs. She grabbed his hand and kissed his knuckles. "You, will find me, you will find me in the next life," she commanded, her voice as steady as she could make it. "You will, promise me, that in the next life, you will find me," she said, croaking on the last words. He looked at her with her face tear stained, not even sure he believed in the next life, but if there was one, he would find her in it. "I promise," he said, "I love you.'' "I will always love you," she promised. She had to turn and walk back up the trail. Her heart clenching in her chest, but she had to keep going, she wasn't permitted to be there at the end. She knew though, what happened. Draco was commanded to his knees. He would breathe trying to remain calm. Penelope would aim her wand at him, and Draco would close his eyes. He would feel like he was falling asleep when the spell hit him. He wouldn't feel any pain, that was of small comfort to Hermione. She was walking to the top of the clearing, where Harry and Ron were. They stopped talking when they saw her coming, and started to come down to meet her. The pendant around her neck, rest against her breast was heating up. She knew it was coming when it felt like fire against her skin. It burned like the coals at the bottom of a roaring fire. And then it was cold. When the pendant no longer smoldered against her skin, she knew it was over. That pendant was charmed to keep her connected to him, now the connection was broken. Which effectively meant that she was as well. She fell to her knees on path, and let out an earth-shattering scream.