the injured should be over-age, but I know some younger ones stayed back as well." Healer O'Malley nodded. "Well, kids do stupid things, don't they?" She asked. "Healer Ryder, go help them bring these three in. Looks like they're all stable, so just the two of us in here should be fine." "Yes, Ma'am." Healer Ruder said, nodding and disappearing again. Healer O'Malley dropped the three new files on the table, picking up the four potions. "Nymphadora, since you know the routine, you also know how terrible these are, right?" Tonks nodded. "And you know what's going to happen when I give you this black one?" "It's going to neutralize any effects from dark curses, and I am going to violently throw up." "Unfortunate side effect, but yes, you will if it finds a dark curse in your body to neutralize. And because you said you were Crucioed, there's a good chance you'll get extremely sick, even though you can't neutralize many of the effects of the Cruciatus, it still reacts." Healer O'Malley said. "And the blue one?" "It will work with the black one and stop any effects completely." "Including the vomiting, yes, but has some unfortunate effects itself-" "It'll drop my body temperature, which hurts like Hell for some reason." "Exactly, and there's no potion to stop that, it will have to fade on its own. And unfortunately, it's made people pass out before, so try to stay awake. I'll place a Warming Charm on some blankets for you to hopefully make it more comfortable for you. Red one?" "Blood Replenishing?" "Yes, you lost a lot blood, so it's unfortunately necessary. White one?" "Pain relief?" "You do know your stuff, Nymphadora, I'm always impressed when Aurors know exactly what we're about to do." She said. "This particular pain potion is generally brewed with a Sleeping Draught, so you will be forced to sleep when I give it to you. Which is good, because your body needs rest, and will need more rest when we're done here." Tonks nodded. Healer O'Malley grabbed a plastic tray from beneath the bed, placing it on Tonks' lap. She grabbed a hair tie from her own wrist, tying Tonks' hair back. "I don't know about you, but I hate vomit in my hair." She said, turning and uncorking the black potion. "I'm sorry that we have to do this one first, Nymphadora, but I can't have you vomit up the other potions because then we have to make you take those ones again. This isn't going to be pleasant for either of us." Tonks smiled. "I always feel bad for the Healers who have to clean up vomit and other bodily fluids." "Thank Merlin for magic, right?" Healer O'Malley said, handing Tonks the vial. Tonks downed it quickly, knowing that the taste would be even worse if she didn't. The effect was instantaneous, and Healer O'Malley was quick to rub her back slowly as she hunched forward and threw up into the bucket that Healer O'Malley had placed. "I figured." Healer O'Malley commented. "I wouldn't have expected anything else, honestly. Death Eaters fight dirty, those rat bastards." Tonks would have laughed, but she was too busy vomiting up a horrible mixture of everything in her stomach and a slimy black substance, which was probably the potion itself. It seemed like forever before she actually got a break from the gagging and vomiting, and Healer O'Malley vanished the mess in the plastic bucket with a wave of her wand, using another dampened rag to wipe Tonks' mouth and chin. "Always the most unpleasant part." She commented, uncorking the blue potion and tipping it into Tonks' mouth. She waited a few seconds before moving the bucket, as if waiting to see if Tonks would throw up again, and then took it, placing it on the floor beside her feet and turning to grab another folded blanket from a shelf attached to the table. Tonks felt like she had been shoved into icy water, the warm blanket that Healer O'Malley was tucking around didn't provide comfort, instead it simply felt like she was even colder, but she knew it would be better to leave the blanket on. She couldn't focus and could feel her eyes drifting shut. She knew all of this, she knew she was supposed to stay awake a few minutes longer- but shit , she was exhausted and in excruciating pain. "Oh, no you don't." Healer O'Malley said, pinching her arm painfully. "I'm sorry, but I need you to stay awake, two more potions. Tell me about your parents, Nymphadora, talk to stay awake. Where are they today?" "I- my father died in March, killed by Snatchers." She said. "Mum's at home with my son." Healer O'Malley nodded. "I'm sorry about your father." She said, and uncorked the red potion, tipping Tonks' chin upwards and pouring it into her mouth. The good side of Blood Replenishing Potion was the strange warmth that it had, the warmth pouring down her throat and through her veins- a strange contrast to the painful chill she was experiencing. "Okay, last one." Healer O'Malley said. "And then you can sleep. You can sleep for days , if you'd like." Tonks nodded slowly and Healer O'Malley uncorked the last potion, pouring it into Tonks' mouth. Healer O'Malley dropped the vials into the empty bucket by her feet. "Sleep, Nymphadora. I'm going to go check on my three new patients, and then I'm going to go find out about your husband for you." Healer O'Malley said. Tonks nodded, her eyes drifting shut as Healer O'Malley disappeared around the curtain. "Is that Longbottom, then? Merlin, Neville, what'd you do to get them to set you on fire?" Tonks heard Healer O'Malley ask as she drifted to sleep. I think this might be the longest first chapter I have EVER posted- and I actually took out a scene. Reviews please? Remember, it won't be Tonks-centric the entire time, I'll be switching characters.