." "Back to the kitchens!" yelled Dumbledore, appearing in the doorway and cutting off the elf's claim. "All house elves are restricted to the kitchens until further notice!" He received a number of sullen looks from the remaining elves, who popped out en masse as Snape and Malfoy disappeared up the stairs. "Mr Potter," said Professor McGonagall, who had followed the headmaster out of the hall. "You seemed to be expecting Mr Malfoy to do something. Did you have prior warning of this incident?" "No, Professor," said Harry sincerely, not looking at the Slytherins. "I did receive an anonymous warning that Malfoy was going to try to slip a dark artifact into my bag, so I was watching for him, but I wasn't expecting that." "None of us were expecting that, Mr Potter," said the headmaster wearily. "I suspect that Le Farceur is partially responsible for this." Harry bristled. "So you're saying it's my fault that Malfoy tried to give me a dark artifact?" "Not at all, Harry," placated the headmaster. "Mr Malfoy's choices are his own. But the outcome may not have been the same had you not been under the influence of Le Farceur." "Headmaster," said Blaise diffidently. "Draco did mention earlier that he had received a parcel from his father. Perhaps Mr Malfoy might be able to cast some light on the matter?" "That's a conversation I'd like to hear," whispered Harry to Hermione. "Mr Malfoy, I'm sorry to have to tell you that your son has been the victim of an unfortunate house elf gangbang. I believe that you may have sent him the dark artifact that caused it. Have you been experimenting with house elf sexuality by any chance?" Pansy unsuccessfully tried to stifle a giggle. "This is hardly a laughing matter, Miss Parkinson," reproved Professor McGonagall. "One of your friends has been severely traumatised." "Harry is thinking that the young master was wanting it up him," said Harry, attempting a house elf impersonation. This was too much for Pansy and Blaise, who both burst into almost hysterical laughter. "Enough!" said the headmaster. "Please return to your common rooms." He turned to Professor McGonagall. "Minerva, could you contact Mr Malfoy's parents, whilst I see if I can assist in his treatment." Harry nodded to the two Slytherins, who were still chuckling at his earlier comment, and he and Hermione headed back to Gryffindor, where they were interrogated by the rest of the house about their knowledge of the phallus and its effects. Although several other Gryffindors had heard of it, none could add anything to Hermione and Pansy's knowledge. Eventually, Harry yawned and decided to call it a night. Leaving the rest of his dorm-mates still discussing the incident he headed to his dorm-room and was preparing for bed when he was startled by a pop and, turning, saw that Dobby was lounging on his bed. "Hi Dobby," he said, slightly warily. "I thought that the headmaster had confined all the elves to the kitchens?" "Dobby is a free elf, Harry Potter, Sir," replied Dobby. "Dobby is not bound to the school, so does not have to follow the orders of the headmaster." "So what can I do for you, Dobby?" Harry asked. "Harry Potter is greatest wizard ever," Dobby told him. "Other elves is asking Dobby to come and thank the great Harry Potter, Sir." "Thank me for what?" asked Harry, puzzled. "Do you mean the thing with Malfoy earlier?" "Oh yes, Harry Potter, Sir," replied Dobby enthusiastically. "Elves is being sad for long time. No little elves is being born. Old elves is dying. We is thinking that soon, no elves be left. Elves is not being able to make more elves. But then, the great Harry Potter, Sir, sees that there is being a problem and tricks old bad master into making things better. Now elves is knowing how to make little elves again. We is working on it already!" Harry felt a headache coming on. "Hang on, Dobby. Are you saying that for some reason elves haven't able to have babies?" "Not for years and years and years," confirmed Dobby. "Elves is forgetting how." Harry shook his head, not wanting to go there. "But," he clarified, "that purple cloud that came out of the Phallus of Tyre made you remember?" "Elves is suddenly feeling urges," agreed Dobby. "Is taking out urges on bad young master. And then, is remembering where little elves is coming from." "Right," said Harry. "So the thing with Malfoy has stopped, then? You won't be doing that to him again?" "No, elves is remembering now," said Dobby. "Elves is doing it with other elves. Again and again and again and . . ." "Yes, yes, I get the picture," interrupted Harry quickly. "Well, although I didn't really have much to do with it, I'm pleased for you and the other elves." "Harry Potter, Sir, is great wizard," repeated Dobby. "So Dobby is giving great Harry Potter, Sir, a present." "Oh, that's alright Dobby," said Harry quickly, not sure what the hyperactive elf might consider to be an appropriate gift. "No, Harry Potter, Sir," said Dobby, with a mischievous grin. "Harry Potter, Sir will be getting his present!". Dobby snapped his fingers and there was a sudden squeal as a blond-haired figure appeared three feet above Harry's bed and dropped face down onto it. Another snap of the fingers, and Dobby popped away. Harry looked at his bed as a puzzled Luna Lovegood turned over to look at him, showing that all she was wearing was a skimpy blue bra and panty set. "Hah!" cried Luna, pumping a fist as she spotted Harry and realised where she was. "Take that, Hermione Granger! I knew that I'd wind up here in my underwear!" She shifted position and gave Harry a sultry look. "Do you like my lingerie, Harry?" Harry smiled and, raising his eyes to ceiling, said: "I never thought I'd say this, but Thank You, Draco Malfoy!" oOoOo