and she could hardly think straight and this felt like a good idea. His tongue met hers, the kiss thorough and passionate. She leaned closer still, clutching a handful of his blond hair, cursing the table between them. He pulled back, slightly, meeting her gaze. His grey eyes burnt hot into her soul. She stared back, feeling flushed, lips parted. The blond dropped a stack of galleons on the table, grabbed Hermione by the hand and Apparated them both from the club. Hermione barely had time to register that they were in a flat – presumably his – before he was kissing her again, one hand in her hair and the other on her back, crushing her body against his. Her eyes slid shut, overcome with the exquisite sensation of his hands on her body. Her hands made quick work of the buttons on his shirt – he was in amazing shape. She felt her way across his chest, down to his stomach and abdomen. He groaned into her mouth and she felt it deep in her core. He stumbled kicking off his jeans, laughing, and Hermione laughed, drunkenly, as well, clutching at his bare chest, running her hands down the defined muscles. "Come here," he murmured, grabbing her once more, picking her up and carrying her into his bedroom. He tossed her down onto the bed, on top of her in an instant, kissing her, touching and Hermione's brain nearly exploded from the overwhelming feel of it all. Then the last coherent through that passed her mind was that Draco Malfoy was very good at this. Hermione awoke the next morning, head pounding. It took a minute for her to realize that she wasn't anywhere she recognized. This certainly wasn't her new flat, though it was similar. She simply knew because she hadn't unpacked the day before Mandy had dragged her to that blasted club. Another moment to realize there was an arm tossed over her that was not her own. Carefully, she moved the arm and rolled over. She quickly covered her mouth to muffle a soft scream. She had not slept with Draco Malfoy last night? "No, no no," she whispered to herself, stopping as the blond beside her stirred slightly. A quick check determined she was in fact naked. No . She felt sick, but wasn't entirely sure if that was from all the alcohol she had drank or the circumstances she found herself in. Probably a mixture of both. She recalled certain portions of the night, but it was, for the most part, blurry and inconsistent. As quietly and unobtrusively as she could manage, Hermione slid out of his bed. She located her underwear easily enough and after some searching she found her skirt and top. Carrying her heels, she attempted to Apparate home, finding that his wards would not allow that. She located the front door and as quietly as possible, unlocked it and left his flat, finding herself in a corridor. She exhaled, heavily, beyond relieved that he hadn't woken up. That was not a conversation she ever wanted to have. As far as Hermione could see, the only good thing about this situation was the fact that it had been eight years since she had seen Malfoy, and could very well be another eight before she saw him again. Although the rest of her life would be preferable. She glanced down the corridor to locate an exit and froze. This corridor was painted a familiar shade of green. The blood drained from Hermione's face. Her new flat was in a corridor this same shade of green. Slowly, she glanced back at the wall behind her, outside of his flat. The unit number read 11. Her new flat was unit number 12. Perhaps there were lots of buildings that were painted the same. She attempted to Apparate to her own building. Nothing happened. Her head was pounding . She walked down the hall to 12, attempted to unlock the door. It clicked open. "No," she whispered to herself, rubbing her temples. This couldn't be happening. Draco Malfoy, of all people, was her new bloody neighbour. Malfoy, who she had stupidly slept with last night. She was struck with a particularly vivid recollection of the night before that she hadn't remembered immediately upon waking, feeling the bile rise in her throat, threatening the meagre contents of her stomach. He slammed into her, merciless, groaning, his closed eyelids fluttering at the sensation, his brow furrowed. She arched into him, accommodating him further as she bit her lip to keep from moaning out loud. It was very nearly more than she could bear. " Fuck, Granger," he murmured, pounding her relentlessly even as he captured her lips, his tongue demanding access to her mouth once more. Hermione whimpered at the sensation as he pulled away, thrusting with renewed persistence and her body felt each as an oath – a promise – of pleasure, mingled with the slightest pain as her sensitive nerve endings lit up, her body tensing and coiling as a spring. She felt herself break, pulses of immeasurable feeling crashing over her, wave after wave, felt herself clench around him and with a few more thrusts he came, cursing, undone along with her, burying his face in her neck as his own orgasm raced through him. He hadn't been gentle – she didn't need the memories to remind her of that when she felt it in every muscle. She quickly cast a contraception charm on herself, one that worked after the fact, not recalling whether either of them had in such a state of inebriation. Walking into the white, unadorned flat, filled with boxes of her things, Hermione felt dread wash over her once more. She would have to move. It was the only option. She closed the door quietly behind her. Leaned back against the door, sliding to the ground. She sat there for several minutes, head in her hands. " Shite. "