you not wanting to work under me, or if you have some left over discontent for me, but I am a professional and if I decide that I would like you on my team, I would appreciate if you could try to be amiable, if for no reason other than your job." Her eyes narrowed at his concealed blow, and the even more concealed threat. "You have never liked me, Malfoy," she spoke again, softer this time. "And I cannot help but think that any motivation you have for putting me on your team would be antagonistic in some way. I will do what my job requires, but you must know I will not know what to think if I am forced to work for you. That was never in my job description." "Thank you for your opinion," he said after a moment of deliberation. He knew better than to get into the argument she was presenting to him. He turned back to his list, pondering the merits of two other possible candidates. Taking the hint, Hermione gave him a short, icy nod and left the office, closing the door rather hard on her way out. Draco sighed, circling first Adrian Pucey, and then a man by the name of Sol Keats, who had only been working there for a short while but showed significant promise. Draco thought the two might get along well if they were to get to know one another. Then he paused, setting his quill down and rubbing his already tired eyes. The morning had hardly begun. How much would Granger hate him for blatantly ignoring her words? How much did he care either way? Granger was the best. He wasn't the same arrogant prat he had been at Hogwarts. He had to take this chance to prove it to her. Making up his mind, he finally circled her name. Oh, who was he kidding. She was the first one he had decided on. If anything, her visit only made him want her on his team more. And she was wrong, it wasn't antagonistic, it was simply time she move on. He had. He crossed the floor to deliver his finished list to Hambone, ignoring the interested faces that turned his way. Especially the suspicious face of Hermione Granger. Hambone appraised his selections with a curious look, then nodded. "You will gather with your team first thing tomorrow. I'll need all of that paperwork filled out by then," the older man informed Draco, and inside he groaned. He would be here well into the evening. "Yes sir," he muttered, quickly turning around to walk back to his office. He threw a hit to Baxter's shoulder as he walked by. "You don't want to be starting anything, Malfoy," the other man warned, laughing. "Seniority or not, I won't hesitate to sock you in the jaw." "Good to know," Draco murmured to himself, grinning back as he walked away. He proceeded to lock himself in his office, ignoring the ruckus outside as a finalized draft of his new team was posted on the wall. He did not want to see the look on Granger's face when she learned he had gone against her wishes and selected her. By the time Draco finished with his paperwork he was already late to Blaise's. He apparated straight there, not bothering to go home and change out of his collared shirt and slacks. Blaise would give him enough shit for being late as he was. "Did I not explicitly mention there would be no need to be late?" Blaise murmured as he entered the room, smirking. "This time it was legit, just got out of the office," he grumbled in reply, helping himself to some of Blaise's liquor. He greeted the rest of his friends, mostly from his Hogwarts days, and took a seat next to Astoria Greengrass. His relationship with Astoria was complicated. He had gone to Hogwarts with her older sister, Daphne, and hadn't got to know her until after they were both out of school. She was a good friend to Draco. On nights like this, however, neither of them put up much pretense about the blurred lines between them. Everyone else already expected they would leave together. Draco snaked an arm around her back, trailing his fingers down her side, giving her hip a light squeeze. In return she placed a hand on his thigh, leaning into him. "And how is the new job treating you?" Blaise asked, grinning. Draco knew he was still remembering the Witch Weekly article. "Like shite already," Draco admitted, running a hand through his hair. "Spent all day doing paperwork, and I've got to meet with my new team in the morning. I'm sure I'll get an earful from Granger for choosing her." "You chose Granger?" Daphne snorted, taking a sip of her wine. "Since when are you a masochist, Draco?" Everyone laughed and even Draco felt compelled. "She needs to get over her issues with me," he shrugged. "And she has a hell of a brain for marketing." "By issues, you mean the fact that you treated her like pond scum for seven years of school," Blaise inferred, grinning. Draco paused, taking a deep swig of his drink. Then he smiled. "Something like that, yeah." From there the conversation proceeded to more trivial things; a bloke Daphne had been seeing, Theo's problems with his boss, the recent rise in price of potions ingredients. Draco was content to relax, drowning his fatigue in whisky. Astoria was resting her head on his chest, her fingers absently tracing the muscles of his abdomen through his shirt. He couldn't quite tell if she was drunk or not, but felt his body responding to her touch. Glancing at the late hour on his watch, Draco took his leave, Astoria along with him. Despite his exhaustion, Astoria was a beautiful girl, and Draco had no problems summoning a last wave of energy to get him through the night.