a high cabinet, making her jumper rise only an inch to reveal a layer of soft, flawless skin along the waistline… Shite. "You've really quiet today." "I'm naturally quiet," he mumbled inarticulately. "Did something happen with the team? Is McMillan still giving your coach grief about being replaced?" He turned away from the workbench to look at her. Not really, McMillan wasn't the problem. But Oliver had just realized he had been falling for a good friend, and he was pretty sure she had no idea whatsoever. She knew his life inside out, how to make him laugh, and didn't seem able to let anything go. Right, that friend also happened to be you, Hestia. "Team's fine, I promise." He even smiled convincingly. "You must be imagining things." "I don't imagine things," she quipped, putting back the picture of Oliver and his little cousin she'd been admiring back on the wall. "Of course," he smirked, clipping a stray twig. "A Seer knows." If only, just this once, she knew. If only. "You have to tell her, Ollie." "She's off to Sweden this weekend, George. This is important to her – I don't want to mess things up." "I still can't believe you're not going." "I have a job." "Take a leave." "Sure. Have you met my coach? You might as well keep an opening for your next product stock manager." "Doors are always open, mate. Will you at least talk to her when she comes back?" "I –" "I swear on Merlin's zimmer frame that if you say "I don't know", I will curse you where you stand." "Just so we're clear, what curse do you have in mind?" "Sure, keep playing with fire. Seems to be working out for you." "… I don't think she feels the same." "Only one way to find out." "And if she doesn't? It'd be weird, and..." "I'm quite sure you're the only one who thinks she doesn't have the hots for you too. Besides, if she doesn't, she doesn't. You're both adults, you figure it out. Isn't it better than not knowing?" ... "Just tell her, mate." She clutched the Silver Arrow close to her heart, took one, two, three deep breaths. Going over her plans, she revised her supplies, her clothes, and finally shook her head, exasperated. "I should have kissed him." Hestia's synapses reconnected a second later, and she noticed two other racers close-by giving her quizzical looks. She gave them an uncomfortable smile and moved along, the memories of her departure to Sweden still fresh. Only during the last few weeks Hestia noticed how much of her preparations revolved around Oliver; not so much in terms of her father's Silver Arrow and other equipment, as it was about keeping her calm and assuring her that she could do anything she set her mind to. True to his Keeper nature, everything he did and said was geared towards her safety. It had been a sad day, the one when Oliver told her he wouldn't be able to make the trip with her; far sadder than she anticipated it could be. She had rehearsed the invitation for weeks, never finding the right time to do it – and when she finally did gather the courage to mumble incoherently that perhaps, evenifhedidn'twanttoparticipateheshoulddefinitelygotoSwedenforsupportandsightseeing … He didn't have to, really. She knew that. Oliver had gone far beyond any expectations she had when she knocked on his door months ago. Acquainted turned pro bono consultant, consultant turned friend, and friend quickly promoted to one of her best; it had been too stellar a rise for her to wish anything else. And yet, when he insisted she should double-check her pack to see if nothing was left behind and pulled her into a hug for good luck, all she could think about was how she liked it there. His scent – he smelled like mornings should (she smiled against his shirt when she thought of the comparison). His chin slightly tilted so she could fit under. The soothing hand rubbing circles that send little shivers along with the calmness Wood so often emanated. She belonged there. But their bodies parted, they looked at each other, and in the space of a heartbeat, she could have kissed him. She should have. Well, he could have kissed me just the same, honestly! HE should have, Hestia thought, frustrated. That was it; it was all Oliver's fault. And when she got back home she would grab him by his shirt and make him… "Hestia Jones! Looking for one Hestia Jones!" A boy looking far too young to be a part of the event's staff was moving along the small crowd, scanning left and right. "That would be me," she raised her hand. "Oh, good thing you're not flying yet. This just arrived for you," he said, unceremoniously giving her a square wooden box. It was poorly wrapped with a thin ribbon, easily undone. Inside there was a long, thin neck chain with a pendant attached to it, shaped like a slim arrowhead. While the chain was silvery, the pendant was bone white: she could feel the smooth texture of polished rock even through her gloves. And a note. There was also a note. For luck. I'll be waiting at the finish line – but you knew that already... ... you're a Seer, after all. A wizard pointed a wand at her own throat. "Entrants, proceed to the starting area!" Amongst the competitors, a young witch with an impossibly large smile squared her shoulders, kissed a pendant hanging loosely from her neck and looked straight ahead. Oliver had better find something to hold on to near the finish line; Hestia wasn't sure, but roughly 700 kilometers of anticipation were probably more than enough to shatter lips on impact. And she fully intended to put that theory to test. AUTHOR NOTES : Written for a challenge. Contestants had 24 hours to write at least 1500 words with the ingredient "Love Story".