Lily instead of him, Lily would have had questions ' James thought to himself silently. "Sirius, I don't see any other choice," she paused "unless you can get James to see reason. He doesn't seem to understand we're not dating. That would be weird, we're like siblings." "The Daily Prophet offered to run one of my articles and that should bring in a bit more than the Quibbler usually does. James is a good person but he's a bit emotionally volatile. He won't listen to reason until he wants to. Do I even want to forgive him? He trusted Snape's word over mine, I am-" he quickly corrected himself. "I was his best friend." Sirius said a little bitterly. Even James could tell the anger was a facade, crafted to cover the hurt. James turned away, not wanting to listen anymore, but as he walked away he caught Lily's response. "He's a friend who cares . As Marcus Aurelius says, 'Anger cannot be dishonest.' He was angry because he felt hurt by what he thought you had done. He would not have yelled at anybody else hugging me, nor at anybody else for hugging you. He feels hurt because he cares about you and trusts you…" James was enjoying coffee and porridge for breakfast one cold, late November morning in Hogwarts' breakfast hall. It felt like forever since that September morning which seemed to be the source of all his problems. It wasn't of course, but James couldn't see that. When he picked up the Daily Prophet, he was surprised at the headline " Why 'Light' and 'Dark' Families Talk Past Each Other by Sirius Black." Interest piqued, James decided to read his traitorous friend's article. James expected a good laugh out of the article. " The age old quote, "hurt people hurt people," rings true even when discussing complex historical and political issues and crises. The pattern goes on and on, nobody willing to be the first to break the cycle despite the damage and pain it causes. We face these simple cycles in our everyday lives, but they also survive on larger fields of battle. These cycles of hurt are passed generationally and culturally; over time they become ever more difficult to escape. The Wizarding World had experienced one of the largest massacres of human history- the witch hunting. A systematic annihilation of magical people. The "Light" think it's unfair and prejudiced to discriminate based on blood purity. The "Dark" worry, the more closely you are related to a muggle, the more close you are to danger and to exposing the Wizarding World. The New York Ghost wrote: " In the end, one doesn't have to accept the Dark narrative of the conflict to recognize that the Light's actions capitalise upon the Dark's fears and thus violence; just as one doesn't have to accept the Light narrative and in order to recognize that Dark terrorism contributes directly to heavy-handed Light responses and the rejection of a workable two-state solution. But for both sides such acknowledgment is simply a bridge too far. Decades upon decades of violence have led to a climate of mistrust and outright hatred. It has led both sides to become so convinced of the rightness of their cause that they are simply incapable of seeing the conflict – and the consequences of their own actions — through the eyes of the other." They are incapable of seeing the consequences and pain their own actions cause because they are so wrapped up in their justifications and finger pointing. Neither side is innocent and they are both refusing to acknowledge their own negative actions until the other does. And the cycle goes on. Dark hurts Light because Light previously hurt Dark, so in retaliation, Light hurts Dark and the cycle repeats. It's an endless downward spiral of retaliation, which can only be broken by compassion, communication, listening to each other, and acknowledging one's own fault. As Yehuda Berg has said "Hurt people hurt people. That's how pain patterns gets passed on, generation after generation. Break the chain today. Meet anger with sympathy, contempt with passion, cruelty with kindness. Greet grimaces with smiles. Forgive and forget about finding fault. Love is the weapon of the future." We must think before we speak, take responsibility for our own actions, listen to and empathize with one another. Even if they refuse to take responsibility for their actions, we must attempt to understand why they did what they did. We ourselves may not be faultless. Hear the full story before you cast blame. It's hard to accept responsibility, to acknowledge our faults, but you will never come out worse on the other side for trying. Be brave–listen, acknowledge, and empathize first–even when it's hard and even when you're right. As Marcus Aurelius says "reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears. … The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury." Take the first step towards reconciliation. James read the article three more times, each time the words seemed to echo louder and louder in his head, convicting him. James stood. Through the crowd of angsty teenagers and preteens his eyes sought Sirius Black and Lily Evans. He didn't know if he was right or wrong about Sirius and Lily. Just before he turned to retreat, he saw his old friend and long-time crush. Sirius's eyes were glazed and ready to sag out, he gave a dazed nod as Lily spoke to him. She too wore weary eyes framed by dark bags and heavy lids, dull red hair framed her unnaturally aged face. Lily cast a worried glance at Sirius which clinched James's resolved. He took the first step- be brave, -second, third, fourth- listen, acknowledge, empathize . With each step he took towards reconciliation, the scrannel words echoed louder, thrumming through his mind, syncing with each footfall. Not backward, shall the first step be. At the very least, he could understand and forgive; The End