leaving Steve behind in his office and hoping that he might have another chat with Snape. When he went to his office he again heard Snape and Steve from inside. I need to soundproof the room, he thought, but there was little need. No one could approach without his knowledge when he was inside without setting off various alarms that no one knew existed. He pulled out his wand and put his ear against the door. As he cast a spell and touched the wand to the spot where his ear touched the door it glowed slightly and then faded as he began to hear their words more distinctly. "But why would you want to wrestle one when you could simply cast a spell on it?" Snape asked. "With your knowledge and expertise you could have been a good teacher." "You have to have a good row with someone to understand them, and you don't really know a dragon until you've looked him in the eye as you put him in a submission hold. Nothing is as real as that." Dumbledore choked back a laugh as he realized that Snape's fascination was that of a born-and-bred Londoner for an adventurous country man's stories. Who would have imagined it? he thought. He left quietly, glad that at least something good was coming out of the situation. By the time the school year started all the staff was excited about the next sorting. The hall was magnificent, as always, but the staff felt an extra sense of excitement. Dumbledore made a speech and sat the Sorting Hat in its usual place. "I will not be sorting today," the Hat said, and when the older students raised a sound of exclamation, Dumbledore raised a hand. "Silence," he said. "Show respect." "I am turning over my duties to the new Sorting Hat. He prefers to be called simply Steve, but I expect you to give him the respect and love I've come to expect from all of you over the years." Dumbledore relaxed a bit. He had been a bit afraid the Hat might launch into a long, rambling story. Dumbledore lifted Steve's hat from the table where it had sat, patiently waiting. He sat Steve on the stand as he moved the old Sorting Hat off, holding it with a sinking feeling. Dumbledore looked out over the sea of eager young faces. "I had a speech prepared," he said, "but for the life of me I can't remember it. Godrick Gryffindor left us this gift of himself to guide our children, and he will grace our halls forever. As we see him into a well-earned retirement we welcome to our staff Steve, who will carry on the fine traditions of this school. Steve, you may begin." An embarrassed silence followed, brief but strongly felt. Finally, Steve said, "I don't know how I can fill the shoes...er Hat...of Godric Gryffindor, but I'll do my best. Three cheers for Godrick Gryffindor!" A loud "Huzzah!" Sounded from the students – with the exception of the Slytherins - and then an impromptu toast was proposed by McGonagall. The first child who stepped up was a scrawny, hawk nosed, sharp eyed little boy with a confident attitude. As he slid onto the boy's head, Steve felt his mind, and he didn't like what he found. He had carefully studied the history of the school and the houses, and he knew immediately which house this boy belonged to. His mind felt slightly oily, as if nothing would stick. Not that he was stupid, there was intelligence there, but Steve could already sense a crafty nature, ready its own childish way to twist the world into the shape it desired. But there was something below the surface too, a desire to fit in, to lead and direct. Steve could feel nobility buried there, ready to blossom or drown as time and fate would dictate. "Slytherin!" Steve said decisively. He passed through students, some quickly and some requiring more time than others. The Gryffindors and Slytherins were easiest, as he'd suspected. Gryffindor minds felt like knives, dull knives because the children were still small. They were weak like all children's minds, but there was the possibility of strength in all of them, and there was a steak of earnest searching for more than an average child's need for attention, but overall there was a drive to right the world, even though they didn't know what was wrong with it yet. Ravenclaws were easy as well. If they lacked the passions of the Gryffindors and Slytherins, they had minds like scalpels, sharp little things that probed the universe. After the third Ravenclaw Steve realized that they were searching his mind as much as he searched theirs. It was a childish prodding for information, something ingrained in them. The Hufflepuffs weren't the "extras" or "leftovers". They were the steady ones, the children who would become the basis of magical society, the bricks of the world. They were sometimes more difficult to house. When he finished he felt exhausted. Dumbledore sat him beside the old Sorting Hat, who insisted on being simply called "Godrick". "That went well," Godrick said. "You'll do fine, boy." A light snore from Steve made Godrick chuckle. "It's harder than it looks," Godrick said to Dumbledore. Steve woke with a grunt. "Wresting with children's minds is almost as rough as trying to hold a dragon." That night Dumbledore visited Gryffindor House alone, long after he knew the children would be sleeping. A large, thick, scarlet cushion with golden embroidery and tassels with real gold thread twisted throughout sat on the hearth, and Dumbledore put Godrick's Hat on it. "Goodnight," he said. He left and walked slowly around the campus, making his way to the dock and smelling the salt air in the breeze that came to him. He retired to sleep, knowing that even if his heart was a little emptier, the school would carry on, and so would he.