said. "We don't have much time." Hermione nodded solemnly and began to cast Muffliato spells over Hogwarts. The Weasleys, Tonks, Lupin, Kingsley, and Professor McGonagall did the same. Soon, the entire school was covered in Muffliato spells, and nothing said inside of Hogwarts could be heard by the Death Eaters waiting on the hill above. Professor McGonagall went into her office and spoke over the entire school, scaring many students because they thought she was Voldemort. "Everyone must report to the Great Hall. An announcement must be made," the headmistress said. "Every student, staff member, witch, wizard, and house-elf-" Hermione beamed "-must report to the Great Hall." Hermione had waited impatiently in the Great Hall for two minutes before seemingly everyone had filed into the large room. Professor McGonagall stood at the podium that Professor Dumbledore had once stood at, looking at the witches, wizards, and house-elves solemnly. "I have called you here so we can escape," she said. "If you cannot apparate, I need you to find someone who can, whether that be a sixth or seventh year, a member of the Order, a professor, or even a house-elf. Anyone that is over 18 or is a house-elf can take two or three students, but if you are 17, you may only take one companion. "I have sent out cries for help and have received assistance from two schools. Slytherins and Gryffindors will be apparated to Ilvermorny, and Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs will apparate to Beauxbatons. Everyone get with your partner. Come back to Hogwarts after you have apparated a student or students to get another student or two. Once all of the students are taken to the schools, you'll need to come back one last time to transport the injured to Ilvermorny or Beauxbatons, students based on their house and others can go wherever you wish, but only if you're 18 or older or a house-elf. Now, get apparating." Hermione winced at the several loud claps that vibrated around the Great Hall. Professor McGonagall looked at the time and cursed under her breath. "We only have five minutes," the headmistress said. "They'd better be quick." Several people and house-elves had come back to apparate more students to the safe schools, and some members of the Order had even started apparating the injured to the other schools. Hermione smiled smally when she saw how efficient the process was. When Draco Malfoy apparated back, he saluted Hermione and picked up a first-year Hufflepuff, smiling at the girl and apparating her to Beauxbatons. Hermione felt her jaw drop in shock when she saw that Malfoy actually had a heart. Finally, once the entire school was cleared out beside Hermione and Professor McGonagall, they both apparated to Ilvermorny. Hermione looked around at the school in awe. It was also made in stone, but there were wooden pillars all over the school, giving it a homey, rustic feel. Hermione smiled smally and walked up the steps and down the corridors Professor McGonagall told her to. Once they reached a wooden door, Professor McGonagall said, "This is how to get to the safe house through the school. We'll be staying down here." Hermione opened the door and made her way down the steps that were revealed when she did so uneasily. After about 50 stairs, she reached solid ground. The safe house was not at all what she had expected, and it looked almost exactly like the school above it. Professor McGonagall led Hermione to another door and informed Hermione that behind it was her very own room. "The Slytherin's quarters are right beside yours," Professor McGonagall frowned. "But, seeing as the events that have occurred recently are more than traumatic, I don't think they'll be much of a problem." Hermione nodded as Professor McGonagall opened the door for her. "I transported all of the students clothes and belongings here, so your things are already here." Hermione entered the room and looked around it. It had a small kitchenette, a mini sitting room, and a tiny bedroom but Hermione didn't care. As soon as she saw the bed she almost cried out in relief. "I'll leave you be," Professor McGonagall said. "Headmistress, wait," Hermione stopped her. "Thank you. For everything." "You are quite welcome," the older witch replied, closing the door. Hermione sank into the bed and undressed. After putting her clothes away, she looked through the cupboards and found the right ingredients to make a hot cocoa, knowing that even though she was tired to her bones, she had seen too much blood and sadness and tears that day to fall asleep easily. Hot cocoa normally helped her fall asleep, so she thought she might as well give it a try. Once she finished it, she crawled into bed and was about to fall asleep when her door was opened abruptly by Professor McGonagall. "Ginny left," she said. "The Death Eaters are going after blood traitors, and she wouldn't have been safe here. Luna also went home to her father, who is being hunted for his newspaper supporting Harry." She paused. "There's one other piece of news. "What is it?" Hermione asked. "Tonks and Lupin are dead," the headmistress said sadly. "They went back to apparate the last injured person over and were ambushed by Death Eaters. I don't think you'll be very happy about who the injured person they tried to apparate over is." "Who was it?" Hermione asked, frightened. "Neville Longbottom. I'm afraid he was killed, too , Ms. Granger," Professor McGonagall said quietly. "Oh, Godric no," Hermione sobbed. "They can't all be dead." "I'm sorry," the older witch said. "I'll leave you be." Once the door closed Hermione let the sobs that were aching to escape leave her throat. She cried and cried for what must have been hours, knowing that with Harry and Ron searching for horcruxes, Ginny and Luna on the run, and Tonks, Lupin, and Neville dead, she had no one. And she felt completely and utterly alone.