neatly placed at the center of the envelope. "Mother, can't you get with the times and get a damn phone and call like everyone else." He complained sitting back down on the sofa behind him. He slid his finger to break the seal and then pulled the contents out to read what she had to say, though he kind of already knew what it would entail. " Dearest Draco, The holidays are approaching and your father and I would love your company. I know you still don't feel comfortable in the manor; but it would mean a lot to me if you would come. See you soon, Mom" Tossing the piece of paper on the coffee table, he rested his head on the back of the sofa. Like always, his mother knew just what to say to get him to cave. He loved his mother and would do anything for her, even sacrifice his comfort to make her happy. November 29 th Ministry of Magic, Department of Magical Law Enforcement- Auror Office Draco's head throbbed as he worked silently at his desk. He supposed drinking that much probably wasn't the best idea in the world. Flipping through the pages, one caught his attention quickly. He thought it accidentally got placed in with the Auror paperwork; but it didn't matter, it was intriguing nonetheless. A muggle woman claimed to have seen the extinct Dodo bird, which to the magical world the bird is known as a Diricawl and was far from extinct. "Hey Draco, can you do me a favor?" Harry's voice interrupted his reading. Harry walked into the office with a handful of papers, his glasses sliding down the bridge of his nose. He still wasn't used to being called by his first name when it came to Harry. It was always Malfoy in school and even a few years after their days at Hogwarts. "What do you need?" He asked simply, trying not to use his last name considering he was his boss and not exactly appropriate. "Can you take these papers down to Hermione in the Magical Creatures Department? Somehow they got mixed up with my stuff." Harry answered looking at Draco more thoroughly now that his glasses were back up where they should be. "Sure, there was one in my papers as well." "I wonder what happened? Oh well, thanks I appreciate it." Draco grabbed the paper off his desk and walked around to the front where his boss stood. Harry handed him the stack in his own hand. With a slight nod of his head, he moved out the door. "Oh Draco!" Harry called out. "Yes..." "Great work on that packet." Another nod of the head was done to acknowledge the compliment without actually have to say any words. He continued on down the hall and headed for the crossroads. There were so many people shuffling about, trying to get to their stations or handing out mail or running errands from one department to another. It was just simply crowded and it annoyed the hell out of him. Looking down at the bundle of papers in his hand, his mind wandered to his destination. Hermione Granger's office in the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. He had only been down there one time in the entire time he had been employed by the Ministry. Finding that he was tensing up, he swallowed the lump forming in his throat. He didn't know why his body was behaving in such a manor. It wasn't like he was afraid of her. It was more like he no idea what to say to her. November 29 th Ministry of Magic, Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures- Hermione's Office Draco came to stand outside the closed door of her office. There was a sudden nervousness that washed over for a brief moment before he pushed it aside and regained his composure. He knocked gently against the door. "Come in." Her soft voice answered. He turned the knob and pushed the door open. Hermione looked up from her cluttered desk and caught his eyes almost instantly. She was surprised to see him that much he understood by the look on her face. "Uh...Draco...what can I do for you?" She asked softly, trying to keep her voice as calm as possible. "Some of your papers got mixed up with the Auror's stuff. Harry had me bring them to you." He answered. "Oh...thank you." She stood up from her chair with a creek and stepped out to the front of her desk to face him fully. He handed her the papers and in those few seconds, her fingers brushed across the back of his hand sending a shock straight up her arm. It jolted her and left her confused as to what happened. Draco remained unphased and it made her wonder if it was her imagination. "Can I ask you something?" He asked suddenly. "Sure..." "How the hell can you work in here? It's a mess." Hermione narrowed her eyes at his insult. She hadn't seen him in a long time and the first thing he says is that her office was a mess. Mentally cursing him, she clenched her free hand into a tight balled fist. "I work just fine like this, Malfoy. Thanks for the papers, you can go now." She stated keeping her voice low but stern. He let out a soft chuckle before turning away from her. Closing the door behind him, she dropped back into her chair with a sigh. No matter how much time passed by, Draco Malfoy was still infuriating to her on top of the fact that he was beyond the most attractive man she'd ever met. Cursing herself for thinking such things, she forced herself to focus on her own work and block that little meeting from her mind. It wasn't like anything would ever come of her thinking those kind of things, especially when it came to the Malfoy heir.