to retrieve something. Clearly a Slytherin. He was not leaving his wife with a Slytherin. "There's no goddamn tail, you idiot! Look!" Lily pulled down the blanket and aimed baby Harry's bottom at him. James jumped back. Once he realized that the baby wasn't loaded, he straightened the lapels on his tweed jacket in a gesture of righteous indignation. "He could have magicked it, you know. Don't worry Harry," he said looking at Harry with a determined expression. "If the healer's removed your tail while I wasn't here, I will get it back. He'll want it when he gets older." "Harry, your Papa isn't really insane. He just hasn't slept for a couple of days." Lily said, cooing at Harry and throwing James an exasperated look. One day and James was already the less loved male in this room, not counting the healer, of course. "You need to go home and get some sleep," she said to her husband. James mumbled something under his breath. When Lily looked up, there were tears in his eyes. "He feels warm." "He is warm. He's supposed to be. It's a mammal thing. Goes with the breast-feeding. Why are you crying?" "You're both so beautiful." He began arranging Lily's red hair across the pillow. "It'll be okay if he can't grow a tail." "James! Go home!" Lily grabbed her wand from the blanket and held it up like it was wired to a bomb. "James, if you don't go home and get some sleep right now, I swear I'll curse you and have the nurse throw you out!" She sounded stern, but she was smiling. James liked looking at her smile, always had; it felt like approval and permission at the same time. Permission to be James Potter. "Okay, I'll go." He reached to feel her forehead. "Do you have a fever? You look tired." "I just gave birth!" "I'm just concerned about you." "Sweetheart, go. Now. So I can get some rest." James fluffed her pillows, checked her water pitcher, tucked in the blankets, kissed her forehead, kissed the baby's head, fluffed the baby, then started to rearrange the flowers that his mother had sent, moving the big stargazer lily in the front, accenting it with a spray of baby's breath - "James!" "I'm going, I'm going." He checked the room, one last time, then backed toward the door. "Can I bring you anything from home?" "I'll be fine. The ready kit you packed covered everything, I think. In fact, I may not even need a bathroom." "Better to have it and not need it, than to need it—" "Go! I'll get some rest, the doctor will check Harry out, and we'll take him home in the morning." Lily's eyes were warm as she looked at him, her tone tinged with love and exasperation. "That seems soon." "It's standard." "Should I bring more propane for the camp stove?" "We'll try to make it last." "But —" Lily held up the wand. "Love you," she said. "Love you, too," James said. "Both of you." "Bye, Daddy." Lily moved Harry's little hand in a wave, as though she was the puppeteer and her son the marionette. James felt a lump rising in his throat. No one had ever called him Daddy before, not even a puppet. (He had once asked Lily, "Who's your daddy?" during sex, to which she had replied, "Richard Evans," thus rendering him impotent for a week and raising all kinds of issues that he didn't really like to think about.) He sighed and finally blew a kiss in his family's direction. And left. James took a deep, thoughtful, energetic, finalish and a heavy heavy sigh. "So..." Sirius looked determined. He pushed his sleeves up and looked at James with the utter grace he had been plummeld with when he was seven. "So..." Remus coughed and looked at both of them calmly. Amused as he was he didn't wanted to ruin the moment and looked at both of his friends encouragingly. "So." Peter collected the burgers and fries from James' kitchen and took out the latest issue of Wizard Weekly. Thea Charmick winked at him and turned around draping the bed covers to her naked chest. He clutched it under his arms and left the kitchen to find two of his friends looking at each other rather intimidatingly. "So?" James and Sirius looked at him. James ruffled his hair and Sirius bit his lip. "Let's just skip it..." "Oh. Yeah. Right." And with that they left towards their respective rooms. Peter rolled his eyes and made way to where Remus was sitting and threw the magazine at Remus. "3 minutes," Remus smirked. Peter shook his head and took out a galleon from his pocket and gave it to Remus. Remus put it in and then they looked at each other. And laughed... And laughed... And laughed... Author's note— okay so anyone who is confused that why can't they floo–its because, if you all remember Harry's trip through floo in second second year? Sharp objects like chimney's walls or wood were hitting him while he travelled and he had to hug himself to not to get hurt. And since, it's a stormy weather. Who knows which barmy wizard has left his floo open and flooded the whole network. For those wondering how is Sirius doing floo? He is not floo travelling, he is calling. I don't recall Harry's head traveling through a series of chimneys to get to no. 12 in fifth book. So assume, it could be done in any weather. Anything Else? If you have? Please review :) tell me you enjoyed it or not. Also, James was trying to have a conversation with Sirius as to how he looked his wife in there and Sirius was going to explain that he didn't looked his wife in there...But he did...But only for a reason. Remus and Peter bet on that it will take three minutes for them to leave the ground.