of the way home by foot. " Search for her," Astoria says. "Visit all the girls in the kingdom and have them try the shoe on." " But I know what she looks like, Mother. Can we not just call the girls back that fit her description?" " No," she snaps, "you must visit all the girls. It will be romantic, and if you can't find her, it will give you a chance to meet some of the others." Scorpius sighs as he thinks back to the conversation with his mother. He hadn't wanted to do this, but here he was, visiting every household in the kingdom looking for the girl from the ball. Most houses he can tell instantly that it isn't the girl—there are very few red-headed girls—but still, he has to go through the formalities of trying the shoe on each girl. Surprisingly, it fits nobody. He finds it very hard to believe that the girl the shoe belonged to would have vastly different sized feet to the rest of the kingdom, but that's what his search is currently telling him. A boy opens the door of the next house he visits. He looks around the same age as Scorpius, and Scorpius wonders if the boy was one of the group surrounding Cassie. "Your Highness, to what do we owe the pleasure?" "Mr…?" "Greengrass," he supplies. "Mr Greengrass, I'm looking for a girl who was in attendance at the ball last night. I believe you have sisters?" "Just one sister," he corrects. "Please, come in. I'll fetch my mother and sister for you." The boy shows Scorpius into the lounge, and then disappears again. Calls of "Mother!" and "Penelope!" can be heard as the boy looks for his family. Scorpius walks over to a bookcase in the far corner with an abundance of photos in frames littering the shelves. There's one in the far back of a couple and their three children. None of them are the boy who answered the door, so Scorpius wonders who they could be. The mother and daughter both have red hair, and Scorpius feels his heart swell as he recognises the girl as a much younger version of the one he met at the ball. "Your Highness," a voice says behind him. He turns and sees the girl from the ball that shoved her hand in his face. Scorpius has to fight the urge to shudder. "Miss Greengrass, I presume?" "That's me," she confirms. "Please, take a seat. I'm looking for a girl who this shoe belongs to. I'd like to see if it fits." The girl sits, and Scorpius bends to slip the shoe on her foot. Luckily for Scorpius, the shoe doesn't fit and he lets out a sigh of relief. "I'm sorry, my dear, but if the shoe doesn't fit, then you are not to be my bride." The girl's face glows red. Scorpius isn't sure whether she's about to cry or shout at him. Just then, her mother enters the room. "Your Highness, it is a pleasure to welcome you into my home." "The pleasure is all mine," he replies. "Might I ask a favour?" "Anything, Your Highness." "This photo," he says, pointing to the photo of the family. "Who is the girl?" "That is my stepdaughter." "Would I be able to meet her?" Scorpius asks. "This glass slipper was left at the ball as the girl I wished to dance with left. I would like to see if it fits her foot." "Oh, there's no need to call for her," the woman replies. "She wasn't feeling at all well last night so did not attend the ball." "That is a shame, I do hope she's feeling better." "She is a little." "Then, if it's not too much bother, would I be able to meet her?" The woman's face grows stern, and Scorpius can see from the set of her jaw that it is taking a lot of effort for her to keep her voice calm. "I really wouldn't want to bother her. It would be a wasted effort on your part, Your Highness, and she should be resting to regain her strength." "It is a shame. Thank you anyway," Scorpius says. The warm feeling in his heart disappears as he is shown from the house. He really thought he was about to meet her again. "Your Highness," Scorpius' coachman greets him as he reaches his carriage. "I have a message from the young girl from this house." "Oh?" Scorpius can't hide the surprise as he says this. "She says her stepmother wouldn't allow her to meet you, but she was listening at the door and says she has the other shoe as proof it is her." The warm feeling returns more forcefully than before. "Where is she?" he demands. "She said she'd be waiting next to the woods; she didn't want to be anywhere her step mother could find her." Scorpius takes off immediately. He runs faster than he knew he could as he races to meet the girl that has been on his mind for almost twenty-four hours. "It's you." The words spill from his lips as soon as he lays eyes on her. He doesn't need the shoe to confirm it, this is the girl he met the night before. "Your Highness," she greets. "You're the girl from last night," he says, the words coming out in a rush. "Come back to the palace with me. Be my bride, please." "So forward," she says, a smile spreading across her face. "You haven't even asked my name." "I… Of course. May I ask your—" "I'm Lily," she says. "Lily Potter." The two share a brief smile before heading back to Scorpius' carriage, hand in hand. Word Count: 4,109. This is for: The Monthly One-Shot Exchange — The Cinder Crown; Scorpius/Lily, Cinderella!AU, 'Even miracles take a little time', Romance The FRIENDS Competition; S6 TOW Could Have Been (Parts One and Two) — Write an AU fic.