them. Aeris looked at her father. She knew he was unlikely to make it far if moved but they had little choice. "Can you stand?" She asked him. The Teyrn shook his head no. "I won't survive it. Duncan..." The Teyrn said. The Grey Warden turned to him. "You are under no obligation to me Duncan, but I beg you, see my family to safety." The wizened older warrior nodded. "I will your Lordship, but, there is an even greater Evil loosed on this world at the moment. I came here for a recruit. Circumstance dictates that I must leave with one." He said gravely. A look of pain flashed over Bryce's eyes but he nodded slowly. "Aeris please go with Duncan. Become a Grey Warden." He said. "But what about Howe?" Aeris asked angrily. "He must pay for what he has done!" "A Cousland always puts their duty before personal desires." Bryce told her firmly. "Make Howe pay by surviving, let him know that a Cousland still lives that knows of his cowardly misdeeds. Inform the King of Howe's treachery." Duncan put a hand to his shoulder and nodded. "You must put aside vengeance. The darkspawn threat will always take precedence." He said. Aeris looked ready to object but Bryce spoke first. "Pup...Aeris. He is right. There will be a time. A place. Howe will pay. Go. Find your brother. Make your mark on this world. Go –" He doubled over in pain, curling his arm tighter against his stomach. Duncan turned his head sharply, Arthus heard it too. The door had broken. They had maybe two minutes. "We have to leave." Duncan moved to the exit, opened the door, then turned to the Eleanor. The Teyrna shrugged them both off. "I'm staying. I'll kill every last bastard that comes through that door to protect you Bryce but I'll not leave you." She turned to her daughter and gave her a tight hug and kiss. "Aeris, I love you my daughter. Now go." "Mother." Aeris protested. "Come with us. You're not injured." "No! Go now, leave us." Eleanor told her firmly. "I have been by your father side for thirty-five years. I won't leave him now." "We are proud of you and love you. Never forget that." Bryce said. The two mabari were the first down the trapdoor followed by Duncan. Arthus followed him down and heard Aeris following him. As they were walking away Arthus heard the Teyrna move something over the trapdoor to buy them more time. His sharp hearing also picked up their conversation. "I love you Bryce. We have had a good life and raised two wonderful children." Teyrna Eleanor said. "We return to the Maker together." Goodbye. Arthus thought. He hoped that they were together in the next life. The tunnel they climbed down into was barely tall enough for them to walk in but they hurried forward as fast as they could. The floor and part of the walls were made of stone but the rest was hard packed soil. There were no lights except for the torch Duncan carried. "Where will this lead us?" Duncan asked Aeris. "The tunnel branches after couple hundred feet." Aeris whispered. "The first branch leads to a lake. The second leads to the stables. There should be horses there." "Then that is where we will go." Duncan said. "Horses will help us leave faster even if they'll leave a trail." Arthus was glad. He hadn't wanted to leave Porthos behind. Conversation stopped and the only sound was their panting breath. Quickly making their way into the needed tunnel they stopped at the end which was kept closed by a thick wood and stone door. Aeris stepped forward and pulled out an ornate metal key and quickly unlocked it. The door groaned slightly as it opened. Looking out they didn't see anybody. Duncan took point again and motioned them forward before throwing his torch back into the tunnel and closing the door which Aeris relocked. They moved swiftly but stealthily towards the stables. Luckily no one had seem them yet. Just as they thought they were home free one of Howe's archers turned and saw them. Just as he opened his mouth to scream he was silenced by an arrow to the throat from Arthus and one to the heart by Aeris. Arthus heard Aeris sigh in relief from beside him as the solider tumbled forward instead of backwards. "We need to move quickly." Duncan said. "It won't be long before they notice the dead guard." Arthus and Aeris nodded. Making their way into the stables they quickly each found a horse. Arthus reached up to rub Porthos' neck briefly. Finding his saddle he hurried to put it on Porthos who seemed to sense that something was amiss and didn't fuss. The group led their horses out the back and into the darkness before climbing on and taking off quickly. They only slowed when they made it to the hills overlooking Highever. Arthus looked to Aeris who had stopped to look at Highever one last time. Even from where they were he could see Howe's men crowding all over the place. Arthus saw a single tear flow down Aeris' cheek before she swiped it away. Pulling the reins of her horse she urged him forward. Arthus moved Porthos after her. He felt sorrow for her. Her old life was now in ruins and she was soon to be joining the Wardens. The Blessed - The offspring of a union between a human and an elf with more Elven traits than human. They are born with the natural dexterity, strength, senses and speed of their Elven parent. Unlike those who more resemble their human parents, and are thus scorned, the Blessed are more accepted by their Elvish kin, some even sought after for marriage. While there are some traditionalist that look down upon them for the most part they are welcome, especially due to the decline in Elvish populations.