was slightly curved where it wrapped around a large dark diamond and it's mouth was opened as if to swallow the blade. Gripping the sword he stabbed the Dementor in the chest causing it to scream. Normally no mortal blade could touch them and it had arrogantly allowed him to attack it. "Die vermin !" Salazar hissed, channeling the power of Light into the blade causing white flames to erupt along the blade. The Dementor screeched horribly as it was consumed by the blade. Several motes of light left it's body. Salazar could sense their relief and their gratitude before they disappeared. The Dementor grew frantic before it shrunk down before Salazar's eyes leaving a dark purple, almost black crystal on the ground. Salazar could sense the miasma coming off it. The Dementor, in a desperate bid to live, had crystallized itself. With the crystal a witch or wizard could summon and control the Dementor. The demon obviously thought Salazar would be greedy and power hungry enough not to pass up a potentially powerful servant. "Too bad for you demon I don't truck with your kind." Salazar said before he thrust Cadfæl into the crystal breaking it and killing the demon. Turning his attention to the other Dementor he saw it attempting to flee with the body of a teenager laying on the ground drooling and staring into the air. Gripping Cadfæl tightly he willed it's form to. Salazar grinned when it became a spear before throwing it through the air. The Dementor wailed as it was impaled and stuck to the wall. §Who sent you demon?§ Slytherin snarled in Parseltongue. §Tell me swiftly and I will make your end quick.§ §KiLlEr! MuRdeR oF mY KiN.§ The Dementor rasped. §That is not what I asked.§ Salazar hissed his eyes narrowed. Channeling a bit of light into the spear caused the Dementor to screech in pain. §WItCh! MInIsTrY WItCh! FOuL, lOaThSoMe CrEaTuRe!§ The Dementor hissed. §I WiLl bE aVeNgEd. My BrOtHeRs WilL cOmE fOr YoU!§ §Not before you are dead.§ Salazar replied before he incinerated the demon. Concentrating he forced it into crystal form. Perhaps he would have some use for it. It could perhaps be used for a Ritual of Banishment. Just like when he killed the other Dementor several motes of light escaped from it's body. Salazar caught the one belonging to the muggle before him and gently coaxed it towards the body. With a magic forgotten in this Age he retied the soul to the body of the muggle causing him to gasp as his consciousness reconnected to his body. He screamed before he passed out. Grimacing Salazar found the wand he had dropped before he grabbed the muggle. Groaning as his smaller than normal body struggled with the weight he cheated by putting a lightening charm on the muggle. Since he didn't have any magic, at least none he could access as Salazar quickly categorized the boy as a Squib, the spell worked easier than it would have on a witch or wizard. -0-0-0-0-0-0- Salazar rummaged around the pile of discarded items in his closet. He was doing his best to ignore his anger at Dumbledore and the faint sense of betrayal he got from the revelations that had been revealed to him that night. He hummed as he found what he was looking for. A wooden box five inches long and three inches wide. Biting his tongue he carefully carved Runes for containment, concealment and purifying on it along with several different kinds of locking and avoidance Runes. Salazar grunted. The magic of this body was crude and not used to the tasks he was using it to perform but Salazar was nothing if not stubborn. He was a Master of Magic and a servant. He was talented and powerful. He channeled his magic through his fingers powering up the Runes. They glowed briefly before settling down. If he concentrated on it enough he could sense their gentle hum as they worked to keep the crystal safe from curious people and keep it's miasma contained. An owl flew through the window and alighted on hid desk. Reaching for letter tied to it's leg Salazar vaguely recognized it as the crest of the Ministry of Magic. The owl flew back out the window as Salazar broke the seal. Reading Salazar fought the urge to incinerate it. Dear Mr. Potter, We have received intelligence that you caused an unknown magical phenomenon at twenty-three minutes past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the presence of a Muggle. The severity of this breach of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery has resulted in your expulsion from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand. As you have already received an official warning for a previous offence under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Wizards ' Statute of Secrecy, we regret to inform you that your presence is required at a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a.m. on the twelfth of August. Hoping you are well, Yours sincerely, Mafalda Hopkirk Improper Use of Magic Office Ministry of Magic Like hell! Salazar thought with anger. He couldn't be arrested. He had too much to do. He needed to sort out his mind. Was he Salazar Ezekiel Slytherin or Harry James Potter or both? Three hundred and twenty-seven year old Master of Magic or fifteen year old teenage Gryffindor? It was irritating and distracting having the memories of two lives. He needed to time to come to terms with what was happening to him. A/N: I know that this premise has been done before, and done quite well in several stories, but I wanted to add my own to it. This story will have slight crossovers with the television shows of Merlin and BTVS along with other genres. None of the characters will be appearing in this fic though.