them. By the time Snape killed Dumbledore, he was already dying. Kingsley, remember that Polyjuice Potion suggested by Mundungus?" Kingsley nodded, uncertain what Harry getting at. "It was Snape, he had Mundungus confounded and he was the one to report the time of my departing to Voldemort, but to save me, he had suggested Polyjuice. He had to earn Voldemort's trust because he had to live till the end. "We found that R.A.B was Regulus A. Black. The locket was lost but we found it later with Umbridge. Then after many attempts we still didn't know how to destroy it. Neville guessed right—we needed the sword of Gryffindor but not to kill Voldemort. Snape delivered the original sword to us, anonymously. With that our routine was to find the other Horcruxes and destroy them. Till the end, Severus Snape let Voldemort believe that he was the master of the Elder Wand since he had killed Dumbledore. Even when he was killed by Voldemort brutally. I disarmed Draco and the Elder Wand found its new master in me. "And that's why, I was able to defeat Voldemort because the wand never worked on his order and a wand never kills its own master." This was a lot to take in. One could hear a clock ticking in the silence that filled the great hall. Suddenly Justin rose from his seat. "You never told us how you survived the killing curse the second time?" Harry flinched. "I..." He breathed. What was more horrible than Horcruxes? Ron reached the stage to support him while Hermione asked Justin to sit. "This is something we want to keep to ourselves..." Ron raised his voice but there was a cry of outrage from Dennis Creevy. "My brother died for this," he snarled " Why won't you tell us? If you could survive it...Maybe, maybe I could have saved my brother." He calmed down a little, his voice gaining a breaking edge but then he turned to them again, shrieking, "but you won't tell me!" Ron opened his mouth to retort but Hermione was fast. "Enough!" she screamed. "If we had ways to bring the dead to life, don't you think Harry would have brought back his mother, father, or any of the other people he loved? What did you think, that he would just let Dumbledore, Fred, Remus and Tonks die?" "Hermione," mumbled Harry but since he was under shouts, his mumble also was very loud. "I will tell them..." "Are you mad? No, you don't need to-" "I want to, Ron and Hermione..." He looked back at Hermione who nodded and went to stand on his left. "The prophecy of mine and Voldemort said that, 'Neither can live while the other survives'. It meant that one of us had to die. On the Hallow's eve, seventeen years back when he came to kill me, my mother begged him to show me mercy but he didn't and asked her to step aside..." His voice broke. "Mother didn't. He killed her but my mother's love gave me protection. The curse rebounded and that day Voldemort's soul was so weak after creating six Horcruxes that his soul tore itself away from him and launched itself in the only living thing it could find. Me. That's the reason I can talk to snakes, and I could look in his mind. There was a part of his soul that lived inside me. I was the Horcrux he never meant to make." There was a sharp intake of breath but Harry continued. "His soul didn't have a body now, but he regained his body after taking my blood in the Triwizard Tournament. So for Voldemort to be killed it was necessary that he destroy the Horcrux that was in me, himself. Nagini was the last Horcrux that needed to be killed and Neville did it at the correct time." Harry turned to Neville, who was white as a parchment, jaw hanging open. "I went to sacrifice myself because it was what should have happened. Severus Snape lived till the end to pass this information to me. When Voldemort fired Avada Kedavra on me, he didn't know I was a Horcrux. Dumbledore knew that there was like a one percent chance that I would survive and I was prepared to die...but then that one percent worked and Voldemort destroyed the Horcrux in me. He thought I was dead but I wasn't and the rest you know..." Harry completed. "If Dumbledore knew all this, why didn't he tell you or us sooner? He could have saved lives. So many!" Hannah sobbed. There were many others who supported her. "Well, how would that be?" Ron demanded, his voice dripping with sarcasm. "Hey Harry, you have to find these Horcruxes and then get yourself killed by Voldemort. Or how about he would have gone to Voldemort and asked him to kill him. Voldemort would have just killed him. Right?" The crowd fell silent again. "Whatever happened, happened for a reason. If we could, we would have spared lives. Snape had to be so cold because if he wasn't, he wouldn't have Voldemort's trust. Dumbledore didn't tell anyone because look what happened to him after touching one," Hermione completed. "Any more questions?" she asked sternly and nobody dared to raise a hand except Luna. Hermione sighed. "Yes, Luna?" "Will you return for your last year?" Hermione looked confused. "Yeah..." "Good." Luna's smile gradually faded away and was soon replaced with a blank expression as she jumped down from the table she was sitting on. "I think it's all a lot to take in and we should go home," said Luna and turned and walked out of the hall. Her footsteps echoed in the hall. Nobody said anything for a moment. Until Neville coughed. "Well... that went well." Beta credits (turning it from a disaster to readable material)- 1- StopTalkingAtMe Beta credits (flourishing the readable material because I didn't listen to my first beta :P)- 2- malaynamonkey2004