the wound. Ron nodded at the implicit command and bent to help me up. Hooking one arm over each of their shoulders, the two helped the new arrival up. I groaned instantly, feeling blood rush down and burn through limp limbs. Clearly I had lost quite a bit of circulation, if the numbness, then burning, and now tingling gave any indication. "Damn, it feels like I haven't walked in days," I cursed at the reliance on Hermione and Ron, both of whom seemed to look at each other with somber secrecy. Winding through a maze of grand to cramped flagstone hallways returned feeling to the legs on the way to what I supposed to be hospital wing. "Clearly something bad happened so just point me to the hospital wing and I'll manage from here," I said, confident, stopping the maroon and red robed pair. I gave the sad-faced students a nod and reassured them I was alright, which Hermione found convincing enough because she reached in her deep pocket to give me a map of the school before bidding a farewell. As Ron and Hermione turned behind the corner we came from, I sighed in frustration at the loss of my memory and the strange turn of events. And that strange vision. I pondered this as I meandered towards the nurse's office, avoiding as many students as possible, though still getting a plethora of odd stares and -in some cases- ogles from those that noticed me. With pent up anxiety at the attention I got, I sighed and picked up the pace, realizing that I had started from the farthest points away from it in the building. Now, however, it was a couple more corridors away. Unable to run, I jogged towards it, feeling hamstrings and ligaments stretch. "My, my, what do we have here, Boss" a stout, short child-like teen boy announced, catching sight of me. However, what was most intriguing was that unlike this crony, the presumed "boss" -a platinum blonde in a grey school blazer- seemed pensive and serious, no malicious intentions apparent. "You know, tubby, you should watch who you're talking to, magic or no magic," I answered curtly as if it were nothing but the truth without giving a sign as to whether it was advice or a threat. Nonetheless, I unfurled from the head-down and hunched position to the full two-meters of height, showing the physique I possessed after taking off the black leather jacket, revealing the tight silver and blue Nike Dri-fit t-shirt. Wiry yet defined, toned, dense muscles flexed across my body in anticipation for a fight. Tubby had a beat-red complexion of embarrassment and anger, struggling to get a good read of the situation. The quiet blonde looked intrigued and curious at the turn of events, clearly few people ever had done this and in such a way, wanting to see how things would unfold no doubt. "You think you're so smart, huh, well take this!" Tubby shouted and grasped inside his robe. "He's going for a wand. You've already got your focus though," a voice similar to mine echoed. Nodding, I exploded forwards off my feet, aiming a ruby, silver, and sapphire ring at the fat boy who had just managed to begin unsheathing the wand. " Ventus Duo " I murmured, a jet of spiraling wind ripping from the clenched of my hand and colliding with the boy, knocking him off his feet and ripping at his clothes, making him look disheveled. As if by instinct, I tucked into a roll at the last second, and caught his wand just before it hit the ground. Tubby, in the meanwhile, floundered in an attempt to get up while the wind was literally ripped from his lungs. Judging from the few meters from the platinum blonde, the spell had devastating success. And the boy had a rabid anger on his face that made him look ridiculous. "You should take care of your wand better, Tubby," I said, handing the boy his impressive white-ivory wand, "It's quite the specimen. And you really should learn to pick your fights, I could've gotten you without a single spell, if I wasn't inured and ill that is." The lack of a tick or boasting arrogance made the boy's eyes widen in alarm, surprise, and awe (unfathomably so) as he grasped the cool focus. "But how can a-a M-Muggleborn l-like..." Tubby began before his blonde companion silenced him, "B-but, Master Malfoy..." "I said shut up," the teen named Malfoy said with venom, clearly uncomfortable with what the fat kid was about to tell me. The amazement and shock he had when he turned back to me were priceless, him having the look of arrogance and wealth/power. "I apologize for this misunderstanding, it was quite unfortunate. I'm Draco Malfoy, prefect of Slytherin." A respect and politeness ushered from his voice that clearly had been reserved for certain people. He extended an arm, looking up into my eyes. "I'll need all the friends I could get," I thought, clasping his white hand in my tan one and giving it a businessman's shake. "Leonardo, pleasure to make your acquaintance, Draco. I hope we shall meet on better terms," I said politely, yet loaded with authority. Of the two of us, it was clear who was the alpha. "Yes. I'll probably swing by later with some of my more competent friends and introduce you to them," he replied, bidding me a farewell and a speedy recovery, patting me on the back afterwards. The reasoning behind the decision, however, had not vanished. We both knew that I needed allies and he had the best available. At the same time, I prayed that Hermione didn't find Draco obnoxious. She was a pretty girl and I didn't want to have to choose between a girl and an ally. Sighing at the thought, I walked the rest of the windowed hallway to the hospital wing, unaware of a certain shadow that had been following.