to himself. "It's all your fault," he muttered, glaring at a picture of himself and Fred. Without thinking, he crossed the room to where the picture stood on a shelf and threw it to the floor. "How dare you leave me here like this!" He kicked the frame across the floor as he yelled. He sank to the floor, tremors running through his body as he forced the tears back that threatened to spill from his eyes. He doesn't deserve my tears, he thought, his face twisting into a scowl as he did. When George was able to stand, he conjured a box and proceeded to throw every picture of Fred into it, desperate to rid his flat of his brother's face. Once it was full, he levitated the box onto the top of his wardrobe and hid it behind stacks of failed experiments that had been shoved out of the way. He instantly felt better, relieved that Fred no longer had a hold over the flat. He didn't deserve to be remembered above a place of joy, not when he had caused so much pain. 2nd May 2001 George paced his room above Weasley's Wizard Wheezes as he tried to decide what to do. His family had stopped visiting, finding the home of George Weasley too miserable to set foot in, so he knew they wouldn't be coming by to persuade him. Realistically, he knew that it wasn't Fred's fault he died. He knew that one day he'd have to visit the grave and forgive his twin. But that wouldn't be today. He settled down onto the sofa, book in hand. He'd decided to take the day to rest and spend some time looking after himself. That didn't happen, however. Thoughts of Fred kept drifting through his mind and he cursed every time they did. His twin (for that's what he thought of him as now, unable to even think his name) couldn't even leave him alone for one day. All he asked for was one day, but apparently that was too much. Sighing, he put down his book and went to make himself a cup of tea instead. Remember when you laced Ginny's tea with the puking pastille serum? He couldn't stop laughing for over an hour. "Fuck off," he muttered to himself, shaking his head to try and get the thought to leave. Remember when he convinced Mum that a gnome had got into the house and broke all the plates after you accidentally set a firework off in the cupboard? "Get lost," he said, shaking his head once more determined that it would work this time. Remember when he— "Remember when he died and left me on my own?" he roared at himself. "Remember when he ran off into battle without me? Remember when he spent years mocking Percy for deserting the family and then did it himself ?" George made a fist and punched the wall, hoping to ease some of the tension that was desperate to leave his body. "Remember how you promised to never leave me?" George's voice came out as a whisper as he thought back to the promise they had made in fourth-year. George looked down at Hermione's body, frozen in the same position as she was when she was carried into the Hospital Wing. " I don't know how Harry and Ron are managing to cope without her. She's their best friend," Fred said, looking mournfully at Hermione. " Promise you won't leave me like that," George said, staring straight at Fred. " Never," Fred said looking surprised. "I'll be by your side through everything." George punched the wall again, the pain in his hand forcing the memory from his mind. Fred had broken his promise to George. That wasn't something he could ever forgive. That wasn't something he ever wanted to forgive. And that meant George would not be spending the day mourning the loss of his twin. 2nd May 2002 "I loved him too, you know," Angelina said, lacing her fingers through his. "It wasn't the same," George grunted. "I know, but you need to forgive him. He doesn't deserve to be treated like this. Why are you so angry at him?" "Because he left me," he mumbled, saying the words out loud to someone else for the first time. "He promised to always be by my side and he left. How could he do that?" "It wasn't his choice, George. You have to know he wouldn't have wanted this." "You don't know that!" he shouted, suddenly finding his voice. "Maybe he planned this all along. Maybe he hated being my twin. Maybe he wanted nothing more than to do something on his own for a change—it wouldn't be the first time. Maybe he thought we were going to lose and didn't want to see what the future held!" "And maybe," Angelina said, her voice soft, "he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. He loved you, George. When we were together he wouldn't shut up about the brilliant ideas you'd come up with. He was so proud of you." George closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Okay, I'll go," he whispered, clutching her hand tightly as he allowed himself to cry over his brother for the first time in four years. He wasn't sure if he was ready to face his entire family, but he knew it was time to forgive his twin. To forgive Fred. Word Count: 2,890. AN: I apologise to anyone who had their heart broken by this. Trust me when I say I hated writing it. I had to listen to the part of Deathly Hallows where Fred dies and it made me cry, so it's not just you I'm torturing here. I'm actually so pleased with this to say it was written late at night, so I hope you enjoyed it :) This is for: The FRIENDS Competition; S5 TOW Joey's Bag – Write about a funeral.