initially thought that they were definitely too long, but upon closer inspection they appeared strong and she liked to think that they'd probably feel nice and snug wrapped fully around her. His hands were also definitely too large, and the one time he very briefly held hers they felt dry and calloused, but they were also warm as they easily covered her tiny hands. The lips that brushed over them were surprisingly soft, as were his eyes pleading and sincere and shocked as they stared back at her now from across the room– His fan was nowhere in sight. He was staring back at her as if he's just realized something, or seen something he hasn't expected to see, and slowly the corners of his mouth curved upwards as the blood rushed furiously to her cheeks. She abandoned her belongings and scrambled out of her chair to make a quick dash out of the library. She's afraid all of a sudden. She feels like she's done something she really shouldn't have done, that she's somehow made things worse, and her eyes were starting to sting and she hates herself for not thinking this through. She could've at least thought of dragging Ron or Harry or even Ginny with her. "Wait, Hermy-own," she heard him call after her, leaping out of his own chair and hitting his knee on the table's leg in the process. He swore in Bulgarian but continued limping after her, now extremely desperate. "Please, I am sorry! Hermy-own, I am sorry!" He somehow managed to catch up with her and block her path. "Leave me alone!" She cried, then faltered, remembering Fleur's words. She wiped furiously at the angry tears that spilled over her eyes and ignored his own pained expression. "Please, I'm just… I'm trying to understand, I don't want– I'm not–" She made a frustrated sound. How was she supposed to tell him that she doesn't want any of this without potentially killing him? How was she supposed to convince him that it's forced and wrong and she's too young and not nearly ready to be merely thinking about these things when it's something he's probably been anticipating? "Read the book," he said, seemingly struggling with himself. "Is very important, will help you understand. I want to say things but you are afraid, but you love reading so… read book. Please, Hermy-own." She looked down at the hand holding Veela: Myths, legends, and facts that he must've grabbed from her desk on his rush to catch her. She felt her guilt taking over her fear, and over what exactly she wasn't sure, but she reckons it's got to do with his pleading eyes or desperate voice as he struggled to convey his thoughts in a language too foreign and heavy on his tongue, so she nodded and tentatively took the book from his hands when he offered it to her again. "Thank you," he said, releasing a breath of relief. "Thank you, Hermy-own." "It's Hermione," she said automatically. "What?" She blushed, then silently chided herself. What does it matter if he says her name right when she'd trying to get rid of him?! Then again it's always been a pet peeve of hers when people mispronounced her name… She took a deep breath, hugging the book to her chest. "You're saying it wrong. It's HER-MY-OH-KNEE, not HERMY-OWN." "Hermy-own-ninny." "No, Viktor, HER-MY-OH-KNEE." She was surprised to find a blush tinge his cheeks, and then groaned inwardly when it was joined by glazed eyes and that infuriating dreamy smile of his. "You say my name nicely." "I forgot my things," she grumbled, turning around and rushing back towards her desk. She heard him catching up with her. "Don't follow me!" she sputtered, turning bright red when she saw heads turning to look at them. "Teach me to say your name nicely, Hermy-own-ninny," he said, grinning. "I will not!" she said stubbornly, purposely putting the chair between them as she shoveled her books and parchments back into her bag. "Ok, teach me English." "Your English is perfect." It was terrible. "You teach me English and I will teach you something," he offered quickly as she shoved the last book into her back and hoisted it over her shoulder. She hesitated, now curios. "What will you teach me?" He paused, having clearly not expected her to ask. "I will teach Hermy-own-ninny… how to love?" She glared at him, knowing that he had turned her cheeks crimson with that. "Bye, Viktor." She walked past him. He followed her. "What do you want? I will give you everything!" "Definitely not a puppy," she muttered under her breath. "Ok, I will get you puppy." "No, I don't want one!" she said, quickly and loud enough to turn several more heads towards them. She grabbed his arm and dragged him towards the exist when she heard a few sniggers, pretending that she didn't hear their owners' snide remarks or his sharp intake of breath. Goodness, he was like the melodramatic male lead of a soap opera! Never mind that she used to secretly like some of them, of which one influenced her rather embarrassing and misplaced crush on Gilderoy Lockhart. "Alright, how about this," she said once they were out. "If you learn to say my name right on your own, I'll… I'll take you to Hogsmeade." It was a dangerous risk, but she was desperate for peace and confident that he wouldn't learn to say her name right in time, because surely he's got his own school assignments and probably Quidditch practice to focus on besides the tournament. Even if he does, it'll still give her enough time to think of a way out of this mess. "Ok, I accept," he said, extending his hand. She hesitated before grasping it with her own. He grinned. "HER-MAY-OH-NINNY." Her heart sank to her stomach. She could do nothing but stare and gape. He was already getting better. Oh, what did I get myself into?