in silence up the steps, both avoiding walking beside each other but each vying to gain the lead. "Ah," McGonagall said, looking up as they entered. "My apologies for keeping you waiting; I had a rather urgent letter from the Board to attend to." Scorpius shot an almost infinitesimal smirk in Rose's direction. She ignored him. "Have a seat." The two Heads both tried to hide their distaste at the close proximity of the chairs; Scorpius pursed his lips but resisted shuffling away. "First off, I should offer you my felicitations in person for your appointments as Head Boy and Girl. A surprise, naturally." Her eyes crinkled slightly behind her spectacles. The two cracked small smiles. "As previously appointed prefects, I'm sure the both of you realise your crucial responsibilities as Heads; not only do you undertake new and elevated duties, you also serve as the highest role models for the rest of the school to emulate." Rose coughed. "Your Head title also puts you in an extremely favourable position as you decide and apply for careers following your graduation from Hogwarts." She studied them carefully. "As top students, I have no doubt you'll be aiming high. Remember, your position as Heads still does not guarantee you the best schools in your further education - you must work much harder this year than in years previous. Very importantly-" Her eyes settled on Rose's sidelong glance at Scorpius' arm resting dangerously close to hers. " Limit your distractions." Scorpius shifted his arm; Rose cleared her throat. "Now, I trust you've both read the précis of your duties this year? Good." She tented her hands, interlacing her fingers. "Your first meeting is tomorrow, yes?" "Eight o'clock," Rose affirmed. McGonagall nodded in approval. "That is all I wished to cover. Biscuit?" Both students politely declined. "Well, then. Good night, Ms Weasley, Mr Malfoy." "Goodnight, Professor," they replied in unison. Scorpius waited for Rose to exit before following her down the stairs. Given that continuing to walk behind her for the entirety of the corridor seemed awkward and mulish, Scorpius hastened to catch up to the redhead. "Any plans with dear Nathaniel?" He flicked his eyes towards hers, and noticed that she looked incredibly deep in thought. "Weasley?" She snapped to. "What?" He sighed. "You and Braeden." She glared at him, and didn't answer. "Is it that scandalous? He the closet kinky type or something?" She pressed her lips tightly together, and sped up. "The fuck is up with you?" She only issued him another scathing glare. "Oh." Scorpius smacked a hand to his forehead, feigning a revelation. " You're the closet kinky type." "Go bother Liv, Malfoy," she said acidly before she turned the corner and disappeared. Scorpius only stared. Rose continued to walk up the steps, still mulling over McGonagall's words. She knew her title as Head Girl was as much a responsibility as an imprimatur, but the Headmistress' words seemed to make it that much more concrete. Her next thought almost stopped her in horror: how was she to live up to McGonagall's expectations of her when her co-head happened to be her - and she knew the word was juvenile, but it was the only one that sprang to mind - arch-nemesis? She wondered if it was possible to strip one of the Head title, though she'd never heard of it happening before. Perhaps McGonagall would walk in on the two of them having their usual flare up in the corridor, notice the mortified looks of young students around them, and demote them both there and then. She clutched her books tighter and promptly turned back the way she came. Before she could further unhinge herself, she looked up, distracted, at the sound of approaching feet coming from behind her. "Al!" she said in surprise, as her cousin turned the corner, his broom hefted over his shoulder. He raised a hand in greeting. "How was the meeting with McGonagall?" Rose sighed. "Eye opening." Al chuckled. "Were you heading back to the Common Room?" Rose shook her head and inclined it in the opposite direction. "I was heading that way, actually." Al raised an eyebrow. "You're not heading to the library already, are you?" Rose shrugged. "We have McGonagall's assignment to do. You really should be doing it as well." "Oh, come on, Rosie. You've already got Head Girl; for the first time in six years, you can relax!" She looked scandalised by the suggestion. "Head Girl is only the first step, Al. There's the rest of my life, remember?" He shook his head in defeat. "You do you, Rose. You do you." She pointed to his Velox 3000. " You're practicing for Quidditch already." "Yeah." Al looked baffled. "Because Quidditch is fun ." "Well, I think studying can be fun." She winced at her obvious lie, and decided to backtrack by literally backtracking down the corridor. "Well, Al, this is been great, but I've got stuff to do." Al snickered at his cousin's antics, and continued his walk down to the Quidditch pitch. "See you later, Rosie." "Bye, Al." Before Rose entered the library, she had a gratifying thought: perhaps McGonagall would be prudent enough to dispose of only one of her Heads, obviously the more inferior. Limit your distractions . Her mind suddenly swung back to the train, and then the dinner a few hours earlier. A slow smile worked its way onto her face. Olivia Roux made for a fascinating distraction. A/N: Hi guys, thanks so much for all the interest so far, especially those who either private messaged me or left a review! Because this site has made it a policy that you have to be a registered user in order for your review to be answered (Guest User Kai, I'm looking at you!) I've sort of jumped the gun - mostly out of stress - and made a tumblr with the URL folie-a-deux-fic if any of you would rather leave your questions there! Tyfyt. ~ Rach