position. "Professor Lupin," he said through a firm handshake. "And you are?" "Cynthia Yaxley. I think we almost met on the train." "Ah, yes!" he said, his hair flitting in front of his eyes like it had done the day before. "I apologize for that, but I'm sure you can understand the circumstances." Either he was trying too hard or I was not used to another person being so kind besides Erika. "I take it you found him?" It took him a second before he realized that I was joking. "Yes, thankfully—of course. Well, don't get settled for too long. I have an exciting lesson planned." I sat down diagonally from Spencer, feeling jittery about the surprise lesson. The classroom was almost filled when I saw him staring at Professor Lupin with a stupid grin on his face. I balked, and finally looked at the man directly, trying to find what Spencer saw in him. Just as I was about to find out what it was, Professor Lupin caught me staring and I looked away quickly, cursing Spencer to hell. "Let's get on with our first lesson, shall we?" Professor Lupin said to an unenthusiastic class. Most of us were just there to get our credit. Even with an inkling of appreciation of the class, most of us had been so discouraged by it that we had given up. I did not even know what the fundamentals of DADA were anymore, since I had been through so many different teachers with even stranger styles. "In this closet lies a magical creature called a Boggart." Spencer was jumping up and down with excitement and I became more uncomfortable. "Can anyone tell me what that is?" He called on Spencer, of course. "A Boggart has no shape or size, but rather takes the form of the person's fear who is standing in front of it. With a simple spell—" "Ah, Whiddon, I'm getting to that," he said. "With the word, Riddikulus! , the Boggart will shove itself back inside the closet. You've just got to imagine your fear in a comical way. All right, who's first?" Everyone froze. "Oh, ease up! Push the desks aside and get in a line. We'll have a go at it." Everyone bolted out of their seats, a nervous excitement filling the air. They were all warming up to Professor Lupin already, but I would give it until our first writing assignment before they would all decide they hated him. I settled towards the middle-back of the line, not looking forward to having my innermost fear advertised to my most favorite people I had spent the last seven years with. I did not even know what my fear was. "Isn't this a wonderful lesson, Cynthia?" Percy asked from behind me. "I think hands-on work makes a class learn so much better, especially in a subject like this." Either I was a pervert, or Percy had no dignity. "I would have to agree." "In case you were wondering, I forgive you for calling me a Blood Traitor last year." I almost did not hear him because I was too busy watching the first person go, who had a stupid fear of spiders. How insipid and asinine. Was no one abstract? "That's great," I replied. "I'm glad we can move on from that." I was never going to stop calling him a Blood Traitor. Not that I cared that he was, but it was a weakness I had a fondness for picking upon. It was one of many. "Me too!" He turned around and started bothering his own House. Before long, Percy's turn had come. I was so anxious that I completely missed his fear and mentally kicked myself for it. But then again, it was probably just a bad grade on his OWLS. "All right, Cynthia," Professor Lupin said. "Are you ready?" "No," I said in a small voice. Some of my Housemates snickered at me. "Shut up," I hissed at them. "You can open it," I told him. He looked concerned; my face must have been contorted. The Boggart flashed out of the closet in a blur. It settled in front of me, configuring and blipping several times, as if it did not know how to express my fear. Finally, it settled on me as an older woman. It was not as horrifying as a giant bug or as scary as a threatening person, but it was strange enough to stop the whole class from saying a word. "I am nothing," the older version of myself said. "And I will not be remembered." I hesitated before imagining myself in Muggle clothing of what Spencer had once expressed to me of a fastfood uniform once when I visited his house. " Riddikulus! " I shouted. I watched myself get slammed back into the closet. "What was that?" someone asked. "It was—it was me," I said. "What's your fear?" "I guess my fear is amounting to nothing." "Well, that doesn't count. It's not fair. We all had real fears!" "That's a perfectly real fear," Professor Lupin interjected. He looked like he was recovering from an enlightening moment. "Fears don't have to be a specific person or thing. Sometimes they are much deeper than that. Thank you for your fear, Cynthia." I looked at the ground in embarrassment. "It shows that you are a very dedicated person. I suppose that's why you're in your House, then. Ten points to Slytherin." I could not remember the last time I had gotten points for something. Beaming with pride but also relief, I went to the back of the line. Percy's look of outright stupefaction was as satisfying as butterbeer on the first day of winter. Everyone may have hated me for impressing Professor Lupin on the first day without even trying, but I did not care. I was going to kill my Seventh Year, and everyone was going to watch from below. A/N: Please review! I always respond. Thank you for reading!