a full minute before she was sure she wasn't going to vomit up the treats she had eaten on the train earlier that day. The estate was still and only the sound of the flickering street light echoed in the crisp night air. She took a moment to seek out Severus's house. The lights were out but she knew deep down her old friend was lying awake in his bed, he always did the first day back to his rubbish home life. She sighed and ruthless ripped thoughts of Severus out of her mind, that relationship was dead and they both knew it. "Listen to me Lily in a few years time you will be a massive target in this war for reasons that we can explain back at Headquarters. We need to ensure your family are safe," Hermione stated slowly and clearly. Her hood had fallen during the journey so Lily could finally make out her features through the dim light. She was beautiful with thick brown curly locks and high cheek bones that reminded Lily fleetingly of Audrey Hepburn. "How am I supposed to trust you?" Lily asked with scepticism lacing every word. Grabbing Lily's hand unexpectedly Hermione pulled out her wand before Lily could even consider any defensive measures. "I Hermione Jean Granger swear on my magic that I want to protect you and that my main purpose is the down fall of the Dark Lord known as Lord Voldemort," Hermione's voice carried in the cold breeze. "Merlin help me," Lily whispered as the severity of the situation finally settled uncomfortably on her slender shoulders. "Harry's taken care of Petunia, Vernon's got a wonderful job in Sweden," Hermione stated with a small smile in her direction. Lily chocked on a sudden sob, knowing her sister would be comfortable was a big relief but the distance and the finality of the situation was haunting. She leaned down and took off one of her light pink runners much to Hermione's confusion until she withdrew her house key. "Best place to hide things in a night club," Lily explained weakly with a small smile. "I'll have to remember that," Hermione said soothingly though Lily seriously doubted that a girl as fierce and passionate as her would have any time for such frivolous exploits as clubbing. She suddenly felt very childish. Opening the door as quietly as she could she tip toed up the stairs and Hermione followed behind her in an effortless silence. No words were exchanged as Lily stuffed the few things she had unpacked that day into her trunk and threw the only cloak she owned that didn't have the Hogwart's crest over her shoulders which were now quite cold. Perhaps knowing she wouldn't be in her house for some time she hurriedly stuffed her favourite childhood teddy, which she had never had the confidence to bring to Hogwarts with her, and her family photo album into her trunk too. She looked up into Hermione's eyes expecting to see judgement or maybe even a little bit of humour but all she could see was a deep understanding. "You've done this before haven't you?" Lily asked as realisation dawned on her. "My parents are having the time of their lives travelling across Australia, and yours will finally get the chance to travel through all the states of North America," Hermione consoled sadly. "We don't have the money for that," Lily stated in confusion, a little on edge that the girl in front of her knew her parent's dream retirement plan. "But we do," Hermione dismissed easily as if that was obvious. She peered confidently around Lily's room curiously examining all the posters of the bands she had grown attached to last summer when she'd lazed around with Grace and Michael next to her record player on her days off. "They'd never leave me all Summer," she retorted easily then some emotion that Lily didn't recognise flickered across Hermione's face. "They would if they didn't remember to miss you," she replied and suddenly understanding flashed in Lily's eyes. "No," she whispered instantly but sternly. Hermione crossed the room and took Lily's hands in hers. "It's the only way to be sure they're safe," she spoke gently. "Like it or not you have a role in this war, a big one. You don't want to have to worry about their safety on top of your own," she added in a hushed voice. "It's time to pick where you belong Lily because you can't hide in the muggle world for the rest of your life," she finished squeezing her hand. Lily nodded in response as she felt the tears build in her eyes. "You'll have to do it, I'm not legal yet," she said in resignation. Grabbing her bags and trunk she hurried out of the house not able to bear watching her parents forget her. The thought of never existing in the muggle world was beyond depressing but deep down she knew she had to make a choice with the war brewing. No more fantasying by playing the normal girl for three months of the year. No more midnight kisses with boys she could imagine having two perfect kids with that would never know anything about missing people lists or school mates being pulled from class for bad news. It's time to fight for a future, to be able to feel the same wonder she had when Severus had first shown her how to float daisies across the meadow. Hermione left the house and made her way to where Lily was standing across the street as quietly as she had entered. "Are you ready?" She asked not even commenting on the heart breaking acts she had just committed in the house. "I knew this was coming since my second day in Hogwarts when Mulciber called me a 'Mudblood'," she responded grabbing Hermione's hand ready for her time in Spinner's End to be over. I'd really appreciate some feed back you guys