or trembling lips or slightly quivering voice. "You know I'm beginning to wonder if you can actually pronounce Griselda's name right." "Griselda?" he frowned, now confused. "What about her?" "Oh, so you can pronounce Griselda's name perfectly well but not mine?!" "You are upset because I can't say your name?" he asked, a semblance of relief washing over his face. "Is simple solution, Herm-own-ninny, you teach me!" "For goodness' sake, it's HER-MY-OH-KNEE!" "Ok, ok!" he said, hastily holding up his hands in defeat. "Hermione! See? I said it correctly, much better than before. Is a very beautiful name." "Is that what you told that cow at the Great Hall?" He blinked. "There was a cow in the Great Hall?" She made a frustrated sound. " Griselda , Viktor, your cow-boob girlfriend with legs up to her waist!" "Griselda is not my girlfriend," he said slowly, an eyebrow raised. "We are related." She blanched, all her anger and hurt drained in one go. "what–? R-related ?" she squeaked. "Yes, we are related. Her mother is my mother's cousin." "But– but you never told me!" He shrugged. "I did not know. She is just telling me." "But– but I– her clothes, I mean– I–" she stuttered helplessly, searching through her jittery thoughts for a plausible explanation of her behavior and coming up short. He crossed his arms and leaned his shoulder against the shelves, grinning. "You jealous?" "N-no!" she said, blushing furiously. Then it occurred to her. " Oh, this is all Mafalda's doing!" She was so overcome with shame and guilt and rage that she couldn't tell which emotion was more dominant. How could she, Hermione Granger, fall victim to a mere eleven-year-old's scheme?! She was solving complex riddles and brewing Polyjuice Potion in the girls' bathroom when she was her age, and just last year she was time-travelling to free a Hippogriff and save an escaped convict from the Dementor's Kiss. How is it that she lost her cool when a boy came into the equation? "Little girl with big glasses?" he asked. "Yes, that horrid little creature! She set me up!" "What she do?" "Well, first she started the rumor that you and I are–" she stopped herself, feeling her face heating up. "R-right, and then she did this ! I– I don't know how to explain it, but she knew I'd react the way I did if she were to somehow dig up your family tree and look for the best looking, most affectionate cousin to cause all this misunderstanding and to rile me up. Oh, I just know she did it on purpose! She wanted to embarrass me in front of you all along. She doesn't care about my other male friends, she only did it with you because she knows I fancy you and I fell for it and now everything's spoiled!" He caught her wrist mid-pace and spun her around to face him. She gasped. She couldn't believe it. He was blushing. "You like me?" "N-no I don't!" she said quickly, then stopped. It was the exact same answer that got her into this mess. She refused to fall for it again. Suddenly feeling brave and daring, and before she could come to her senses, she grabbed fistfuls of his coarse burgundy robes and pulled him down for a kiss. He stiffened and for a moment she thought she made the wrong decision, but then she felt his lashes brush against her cheekbones as his eyes slid shut. He wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her off the ground, making her heart soar the same way it did when they first danced at the Yule Ball. They were both flushed and panting when they pulled apart and for the first time Hermione felt relieved that no student is interested enough to come near the Muggle studies section. He chuckled. "What?" she asked. "Cow boobs?" "Well they are ridiculously large…" she grumbled. He tucked a loose curl behind her ear, smiling affectionately. "You are cute when jealous." "It's not exactly my fault you're surrounded by all these women," she huffed. "Many women are nice, yes, but I like you better," he said, kissing her cheek. "And I also like Mafalda." " Mafalda ?" she asked incredulously. He nodded. "She is making you kiss me, so I like her." Hermione hated to admit it, but he was right. She would've never done it under normal circumstances. What's worse, she not only owes Mafalda but she is also grateful to her. She sighed, defeated. "Right, I did… just that." She smiled at him. "Now what?" "This," he said, drawing her closer and pressing his lips to hers. She had a blissful smile on her still-pink face when she returned to the Great Hall for dinner. Her hair was an absolutely chaotic mess, her tie loosened, and her lips a little red and swollen. She dropped down on her seat next to Ginny with a dreamy sigh. Ron and Harry slowly exchanged looks. Ginny smiled into her drink. "What the bloody hell happened to you?" asked Ron. He then turned around in his chair as Viktor entered the Hall, looking surly as ever but as equally disheveled as Hermione. "What the bloody hell happened to him ?" "Who knows, Ron," she said absently, skipping all the main dishes and going straight for desert. "Truly, who knows…" For once she wasn't bothered by Mafalda's triumphant, haughty smile directed at her from the other end of the Hall. A/N: Just to clarify, Griselda was not hitting on her cousin. She was being affectionate in a familial kind of way. Hermione obviously didn't know and she tends to over analyse things, especially when she's feeling insecure, so she saw it as Griselda being flirtatious and Viktor responding. Also I believe that Viktor and Hermione have at least had one make out session in the library because... well, because they'd eventually run out of books to read and homework to complete...