No one says No to Northmen warriors." "I… I suppose that's true," she muttered, slowly releasing his arm. She felt that they were perhaps being far too naïve and optimistic by assuming that no one would start a riot at the thought of the princess marrying a pagan Northman, regardless of his royal heritage from his mother's side, but something about the way he was looking at her made her hope and believe that she may have made the right decision after all. He appeared earnest, however blasphemously he spoke of her faith, and ever since she spoke to him he proved to be nothing like the Northmen she's read on. Except for their initial meeting, of course. Then again, first impressions weren't always accurate… The sun was dipping low into the horizon when they left the tower. She was stroking the soft coat of his large, grey horse while he rummaged through some of the satchels attached to it and then proceeded to secure his (stolen) items on its back. "Does your horse have a name?" she asked, staring at the magnificent creature fondly. "He's very large compared to ours, but also very beautiful." "He is Igor," said Viktor, coming to stand next to her. Hermione turned away from the horse when she noticed the necklace dangling from Viktor's hand. She took the pendant in her hands while he held the chain, admiring the large onyx reflecting the dying rays of the setting sun amidst a ring of pearls. It was perhaps the most beautiful yet simple piece of jewelry she's ever seen. "Wedding gift," he explained with a proud, boyish grin that brightened his face considerably. She shook her head, then narrowed her eyes suspiciously. "Viktor, where did you steal this from?" He scowled. He removed the necklace from her light grip with a single tug. "Did not steal. It was my mother's. She is only taking this with her when she escaped with my father. Now turn around." She complied, biting her lip and cursing her insensitivity a second time. She lifted her hair as he looped the chain around her neck and fastened it at the back. She turned around to face him again, her fingers automatically reaching for the stone now resting on her collarbone. It didn't occur to her until then that the stone matched his eyes. She didn't complain when he placed his hands on her waist and easily lifted her off her feet and onto Igor's back. She rolled her eyes when he complained about her sitting 'wrong' with both legs dangling on one side rather than straddling the horse's back. "I'm wearing a dress, Viktor," she huffed. "It will ride up my legs." He didn't seem to understand her issue with that. He growled in frustration at her lack of cooperation and proceeded to move her to the front of the saddle so he could take her place at the back, probably to make sure that she doesn't fall off during the long ride. Hermione glared at him, now offended. This is not her first time riding a horse! So what if Igor was bigger than the ones in her stables, a horse's back is a still horse's back at the end of the day. His own glare gradually melted as he stared challengingly back at her, turning into something warm and inviting yet intense and slightly unsettling. Hermione felt bare all of a sudden, as if his eyes were staring past her clothes and skin and bones and deep into her soul. She wasn't sure if she could handle this sudden intimacy just yet. "You're staring at me," she said, blushing under his brazen eyes. He smiled, truly smiled for the first time since she laid eyes on him and something within her shifted. "I was thinking. You look like one of our goddesses, sitting on Igor and wearing my mother's necklace." "And which goddess would that be?" "Goddess of wisdom, a very important one," he said, tearing his eyes from her and taking his place on the horse behind her. "My people fear many gods, but they love her." "I see," she said, suddenly conscious of how close he was to her, so close that they were really only separated by the fabric of her dress and the leather and fur of his clothes. "Is she beautiful?" She couldn't help the shy, girly question, and to her relief he laughed softly. "All our goddesses are beautiful." They rode into the night with no more words exchanged. Hermione wasn't sure when or how she got accustomed to his closeness, but she hardly cared as her mind was too preoccupied with Albus's words. She turned them over in her head many times, successfully matching the ancient dragon's description with the Northman's. One thing she wasn't certain of was the heart. He possessed the heart of a man, Albus had said. What exactly did it mean? Viktor was staring ahead into the road with a blank expression on his face. She closed her eyes and leaned her head on his breast, searching for the telltale beat of the organ his kind was said to have lacked. For a moment she feared that that ridiculous rumour might be true, that he might've truly lacked a heart, but then she realised that she was already listening to the steady rhythm of it's beats, and she found that they matched the sound of Igor's hooves pounding the earth beneath them. His hand slid around her shoulders, pulling his fur cloak along to shield her from the cold evening breeze. She smiled and grabbed the offered furry material, pinning it along with his hand over her shoulder as she snuggled comfortably into his chest, allowing the steady beat of his heart to lull her to sleep. The last thought that crossed her mind was how eager she was to see the look on everybody's faces when she enters her father's court hand-in-hand with her Northman suitor.