sink and he stood morosely, a dish towel wrung up in his hands. He was waiting for the batch of rolls in the oven to finish. The Dursley's were on their second helping and Harry knew his uncle would be wanting one soon. Dinner time at Number Four was a bitter thing for Harry. He couldn't recall a time where he was allowed to sit with the others, to enjoy a meal. He had started cooking meals when he turned four, dinner at age five. It had always been the same. More often than not, Harry wouldn't get dinner at all and when he did it was to be eaten in the dark confines of his cupboard, away from everyone else and only after the kitchen was clean. Again. He hated watching the Dursley's eat, hated having to throw away all the food they didn't eat. He could feel the hunger pangs in his stomach and he knew that they knew he hadn't eaten a single thing in nearly a week but Harry knew, even as his eyes watched the green beans being forgotten, that he wouldn't be eating tonight. He hadn't finished his chores after all. A ding sounded from his left and Harry grabbed a pot holder and slipped it on, pulling the rolls from out of the oven. Walking over to the table to place them on the glass plate in the center, Harry failed to see Dudley's foot jut out in front of him. He stumbled and jerked forward as his body was forced to halt in no time. His hand caught the edge of the wooden table and the rolls flew forward. Right into his uncle's lap. Vernon jumped up as eight hot rolls fell on his thighs, searing him as they burned the skin. He snapped out a yell of surprise and slight pain, standing up to get the heat off of him. The rolls fell to the floor with quiet little thumbs. Harry faintly heard the sound of Dudley snickering behind his hand for his eyes were round in horror, watching his uncle. The man spat and cursed, his face turning a deep shade of red and purple. His mustache twitched angrily as did his eyebrows and Harry suppressed a wince. He was a goner. Vernon seized forward, his hands curling into fists around the front of Harry's clothes. Harry was yanked off his feet, hanging limply in the air. Vernon was yelling at him, he could see his mouth moving, and yet all Harry heard was a loud ringing in his ear and the sound of him apologizing over and over. Time seemed to have come to a stand still; frozen. Spit was splattering onto his cheeks and nose and his glasses fogged up from the release of angry puffs coming from his uncle. His body was shaken and thrown to the floor. His shoulder hit both the hard tiles and the table and he bit down on his tongue to repress a groan. Harry didn't think about what his uncle was doing to him. He didn't think about the pain. He didn't even think about what was being said. He just closed his eyes and waited for it to be over. He layed in his cupboard two hours later, curled in a ball on the top of his mattress. His blanket lay forgotten at his feet. Harry shivered as the heat coursed through him, boiling his blood. He groaned into the mattress; it wouldn't be wise to be heard, especially so recently following a punishment. Vernon would label it as defiance. As laughter. He was laying on his stomach and knees, his shirt balled up beneath his face, trying desperately to keep his back from pressing up against anything. He really didn't want blood on his mattress. His body was covered in bruises. He couldn't move at all without feeling a twinge of pain. A deep ache was coming from his chest and Harry had his arms wrapped around his torso, hoping to either repress it or protect it. He wasn't really sure at this point. His head was screaming, feeling as if it were being ripped directly from the seems, and Harry pressed his face even more into the mattress. He shivered and hissed and bit his skin. He growled fiercely as he felt tears begin to line his eyes, forcing them to disappear as he refused to let them escape. He was not going to cry. No. The heat was suffocating him. The temperature in his cupboard was at the highest he could remember, at least for now, and it was doing nothing to help the fever he was sure was beginning to break through. Harry clawed at his skin, at his arms, hoping to shed it away, to get the uncomfortable crawling away from him. He really didn't like it. His night continued like this, with Harry turning about his bed, hissing in pain, in and out of consciousness as he tried and failed to sleep. However, just as it was rounding two thirty, Harry was able to claim sleep, this time for good (or at least three hours anyway). He snorted into his hand, a hand that had wrapped itself in his hair, tugging at the scruffy strands there. In that moment, Harry didn't worry about making breakfast in a few short hours or how he was going to hide the few bruises and cut on his face from view. He just simply slept, dreaming of chasing a girl with red hair through a forest. Because of this, Harry didn't see the soft glow that rose from his body, running along his skin, healing his worst injuries. He didn't see the bruises fade into a pale ivory, not fixing themselves but rather hiding in plain sight. Harry saw none of this. But he did see green eyes, eyes just as bright and wide as his own, and that meant so much more to him. So much more.