parchment on his desk. "Mr. Potter, it would seem you're under the control of a number of charms, compulsions, and potions," he stated. "I believe it would be best if you were to have them removed before we continue our business." Harry stared at the goblin with narrowed eyes, his shock addled brain finally deciding to focus on the situation at hand instead of what he had just read. "I agree, however I know nothing in this world comes without a price. What's yours?" Ragnok smiled toothily at the wizard, glad that he had pulled himself together. "100 galleons for a full body flush and unblocking of your magical core and abilities," Ragnok stated. "Deal." Harry agreed with a nod, although the price was steep apparently he could afford it. Just then the doors opened and a small female goblin walked in. Nodding her head before Ragnok, she spoke quickly to him before she turned to Harry and looked him up and down with considering eyes. "I am healer Maeve," she stated. "Greetings healer Maeve," Harry said, nodding his head in respect. Pursing her lips at the young wizard, she once again nodded her head before walking out. "You will follow me," she instructed. Harry was surprised at her sudden exit and turned to look at Ragnok who didn't seem bothered by her attitude. "We will continue our business at a later date, Mr. Potter," Ragnok said, dismissing Harry with a wave of his hand. Harry turned and hurried after the healer, following her deep into the caves under Gringotts. Finally, after five minutes of walking they came to a stop and entered a large, open room. The walls were decorated with intricately carved runes, some of which Harry recognised but most were foreign to him. In the centre of the room was a raised table surrounded by a circle of runes and candles. "My husband has told me what has been done to you, young lord," Maeve said, directing Harry's attention to her. However before Harry could question her, she spoke again. "You will strip for me, including your magical glamours and lie on the table," she instructed. Harry found himself blushing at her no-nonsense attitude and fumbled with his cloak clasp. Maeve, watching this as she gathered the required ingredients, shook her head and found the young wizard a white sheet to wrap around his waist. Harry nodded his thanks and finally stripped off of his clothing quickly, wrapping the sheet around himself before sitting on the table. Concentrating on the spell threads holding his glamour in place, Harry felt a slight tingle along his face as they fell away. "This process will be painful," Maeve said, watching as the wizard finished the process of baring himself. "I can handle pain," he stated, looking her in the eye and thinking of all the pain he had gone through in his life - all of which had no purpose. Even if this was going to be painful, at least he would gain something from it. "I will start by flushing your system of potions, before moving on to the charms and compulsions. This will not hurt too much but you will likely feel some discomfort. The blood glamour will then be removed and depending on how much has been changed will determine the level of pain you will experience. Finally, your magical blocks will be removed. This will hurt as your magic is an intrinsic part of you and as you have such a large proportion of your magic blocked this will take time. Thankfully I do not believe you will remain conscious for all of this," she told him. Harry found himself nodding. "Thank you healer Maeve, for explaining to me what you will do," he said, trying to cover his fear. With one final glance Maeve nodded. "I am ready to begin, you should lie back." Lying on the hard table Harry was surprised when he found himself bound by magic, unable to move. "You will be bound for the procedure to ensure you do not cause damage to yourself or interrupt," Maeve stated when she saw his eyes widen. Harry, unable to nod, kept silent and closed his eyes. He didn't want to risk his voice showing his fear, not that he thought the goblin would judge him but he wanted to embrace this, to try and control as much as he was able to. Chanting filled the air and Harry found himself drifting as the oddly musical sound passed through him. Suddenly, however, Harry felt a jolt in his mind. The sensation reminded him of when Snape had tried to teach him Occlumency; it was unpleasant but not unbearable. This sensation continued before it grew, the feeling of 100 bees took over his mind and Harry soon found it impossible to think. Finally the sensation passed and the chanting seemed to die out before it started up again. Harry, still unable to focus, soon felt his skin start to stretch and his bones grind together. Gritting his teeth against the pain Harry tried to breathe through it as his face shifted. His very hair started to ache and it felt like every cell in his body suddenly contracted and snapped. Finally letting out a scream Harry felt his back arch and reconnect with the table harshly. Throughout all of this the chanting never stopped, if anything it seemed to grow stronger. Harry, unable to think of anything but the pain that followed, felt like his blood had turned to acid. When he finally lost consciousness he welcomed the darkness that engulfed him with relish. AN: Big thank you to my Beta reader miisticalwrites for taking the time to check this for me! Remember people that reviews are always appreciated but I won't hold the story to ransom for them. Updates should come everyfew days and like usual this is being posed on A03 as well under the same name. Hope you enjoy reading ~ Annie