that he couldn't will himself to disturb her a second time. So he waited, and the longer he did the harder it felt to draw breath. The sun was revealing different streaks of brown on her hair. It was mostly chestnut but he caught rare, thin wisps of gold. She absently tucked strands behind her ear, exposing the pale skin of her cheek, her delicate jawline, and a thin smooth neck. He tugged at the collar of his shirt. It shouldn't be hot. They were nearing mid-November. Had she always…looked like the way she did? If so, how could he have not noticed? To be fair he had never really properly looked at her before. His mind was too preoccupied with the tournament and his competitors to pay attention to their companions. Just another pretty face, he tried convincing himself. No need to loose his head over it. She's probably not that different from all the other girls he's been with. Maybe a little smarter, but hardly any different. All he had to do was apologize and get it over with. It's not the first time he spoke to the opposite sex, and it's certainly not the first time he apologized to anyone, and yet he can't seem to be able to do anything with himself besides standing still and watching her from across the courtyard. She leaned back, her eyes scanning the parchment for any mistakes. She placed it neatly on the pile next to her when she didn't find any, her lips curled into a satisfied smile. He felt the heat rising to his face. He closed his eyes and forced himself into a calmed, collected state. He shouldn't be feeling this way, not right now, and especially not towards her. He didn't even know her name to begin with. "Hey, Krum!" The familiar and unexpected voice of Cedric Diggory shook him out of his revere. He turned around just as his competitor caught up with him, followed closely by his group of friends and a jovial Fleur clinging to his arm. The human-Veela very briefly regarded Viktor before turning her attention back to Cedric. "We're taking Fleur to Hogsmeade," he said, giving him the same friendly, inviting smile. "It's a village not too far from here. She's never been, and I'm assuming you haven't either." Viktor didn't say anything. He waited for him to continue, and tried not to look too impatient about it. "He's wondering if you'd like to join us," said Fleur, her thick accented English dripping with irritation at having to say the words herself. Viktor ignored her. He glanced at Cedric's group. They were preoccupied with each other a few paces behind Cedric and Fleur. They seemed far enough and out of earshot. "Who is that?" he said, nodding towards the girl on the bench, now talking to two Indian girls that must've joined her at some point when he was being distracted. "The one with all the books." "Oh, that's Hermione Granger," replied Cedric. "She's a close friend of Harry's. She's pretty notorious on her own around here, though, being the smartest witch in Hogwarts and all." He nodded. Smartest witch. It all made sense. "Hermonin Granger," he muttered, trying the foreign name on his tongue. Cedric chuckled. "No, Krum, Hermione." "Horrminy." "Err, not quiet. Here, try this: HER-MY-OH-KNEE." "Her…her…" Viktor hesitated, suddenly too aware of his broken English. Fleur raised perfect blond eyebrows expectantly. Cedric nodded encouragingly. "Her-Hermione." He allowed himself a small triumphant smile. "Hermione Granger." "See, all you needed was practice," said Cedric. He grinned. "So I take it you fancy her?" His smile dropped instantly. "No." Fleur rolled her eyes. She tugged at Cedric's arm gently, indicating that she really wanted to go and could care less about Viktor Krum's love life, but Cedric was so happy with his discovery that he didn't notice. "It's alright if you do, mate. She's brilliant." He said, chuckling and clamping a hand over Viktor's shoulder. "Don't worry, your secret is safe with me." " I'm not your mate," he growled, shrugged Cedric's hand off his shoulder. "I'm sorry?" "Enjoy your horse meat," he said, his mood now too sour for pleasantries, faked or otherwise. "It's.. it's Hogsmeade…actually…" Cedric trailed off as Viktor gave him his back and walked up the stairs towards the entrance of the castle, easily cutting through his friends. He looked at Fleur, still confused with Viktor's sudden change in manner. She shrugged, still uncaring. "I was just trying to help…" he said, more to himself than anyone else, clearly upset at having failed to help. Fleur turned back towards Viktor, now a good few steps ahead of them but still within earshot. She released Cedric's arm and cupped her hands around her lips. She called, "hey, don't forget her name!" A satisfied smile crept over her face as she saw his ears reddening instantly, and she knew it had nothing to do with the cold. He glanced over his shoulder, his expression barely visible but deadly and threatening still. She scoffed and flipped her thick yellow hair over her shoulder, clearly unaffected. Cedric was more taken aback, either by Viktor's sudden hostility or Fleur's boldness. "Fleur, that really wasn't necessary-" "Honestly, Krum," she added, ignoring Cedric, "watching you struggle was painful. Try not to forget, yes?" Viktor's hand itched for his wand. Had he had free reigns they'd be dueling till nightfall. He had never held anything against Veelas in general but he absolutely hates this vain little halfwit. He could hardly wait to see her face when they announce his name as the Triwizard Champion. "I will not forget," he said slowly, scowling down at her. "Good," she said, flipping her hair again and taking Cedric's arm. "We'll be in Hogsmeade if you change your mind." " I don't care about your horse meat!" He muttered angrily as he marched towards the lake where Durmstrang's ship was docked. Two hours later, he forgot the girl's name.