jumped, jerking his hand as he was caught in surprise. Sighing a laugh, he set the quill and paper down and turned in his chair to face Genevieve, who clutched a couple of letters in her hands. "Gen. What did I say about calling me that?" He smiled kindly, holding out his hand for the letters. Genevieve smiled back in a maternal sort of way as she passed them over. "My apologies, young Harry." He shook his head. He may never get her to completely drop the extra terms but at least she had dropped Master. One point for Potter. "When did these arrive?" He asked her as he turned them around to read the return addresses, placing them in front of him onto the desk. "Not even ten minutes ago, young Harry. One came from a rather old owl and the other by the tawny owl, sir." Harry opened the first letter on the top, which seemed to be from the twins. Straightening out the parchment, he quickly read over the alternating set of handwritings and colors before his face split into a grin. Fred and George had talked to their mom, who said their friends could come whenever they wanted starting Friday, and so, on Saturday, which was exactly one week and a day away, they would fetch him from Kings Cross so his ass better board the train to London that day. Laughing, Harry shook his head. The nerve of those two. Tossing their letter to the side to look over again later, Harry, still smiling, quietly and slowly opened the other letter. This one, it seemed, was just another statement from Gringotts. Sighing, he set that one on top of his stack for the day, shoving it under all the rest. Looking over at his tall stack of things to read and review, he exchanged a wary glance with Genevieve, who looked like she was about to start laughing at him much to his frustration, and sighed. He had work to do. He scratched away at the parchment, approving the purchase of a stick in an upcoming broom company, lifting the quill to gain some more ink from his pot. "Young Master Harry." Genevieve called by his elbow. He continued to write, ignoring her. A weak sigh. "Young Harry." He set the quill down and smiled at her, clasping his hands. "Yes, Gen?" The house elf shook her head, amused, and handed him two more letters and set a plate of food and a fork onto his desk, right by his ink pot and stack of papers. She snapped her fingers and a cup of something found its way onto his desk too, seconds later. He raised an eyebrow and held onto the letters, tilting them away from him as he looked at her. "And when did these get here?" "As I was making dinner, sir. One came by a tawny owl, another with Hedwig, sir." "Hedwig?" He repeated, bringing the letters around to his chest. Hedwig was the snowy owl that Harry had purchased himself two days ago and had sent off to pay a little visit to Azkaban in hopes of Sirius Black sending back a letter, something he had been doing with the school owls when term had still been in session. Hedwig, in the short time they had to socialize, had immediately struck Harry as a stubborn, prideful owl that he assumed would practically force Black to write back. It seemed that he had been right. "Yes, sir. She flew back out the window when I took the letter from her. I think she's in your room now, sir. On her perch." Though he wasn't the Lord yet, Harry, as the sole heir and Potter left, was able to go ahead and take the Master bedroom, much to his pleasure. Right by the window, which he kept open with a weather repelling charm cloaking the area around it (bless the wards for blocking the Trace), was a silver owl perch he had bought for the snowy owl. It was, by far, her second favorite place. Like Sanguini, she preferred his shoulders first. Thinking of the snake, he turned his head to look at the creature, which had draped itself on the back of the sofa that was placed in front of the roaring fire, which he insisted on being lit, despite the fact it was summer. Natasha agreed with him apparently as she too was stretched out on the floor in front of the fireplace, sleeping soundly. He sighed. She was huge. Flitwick would not be amused. Turning back to Gen he nodded. "Alright then. Thank you, Gen. You don't have to worry about me for the rest of the night. I'm going to bed after I eat dinner. Go enjoy a book." Smiling, Genevieve bid him goodbye and was gone. Looking down at his plate at the healthy, small portions, he sighed heavily. God he hated Madam Pomfrey's meal plan but at least he could say he was doing. Mostly because Genevieve was making him after she found the list in his bags while unpacking. He hated house elfs. A/N: I just want to start this by saying I am soooooo sorry for the wait. There isn't much of an excuse other than I got distracted by a lot of things and just didn't have the will to write but I really am back now. Or at least I'm hoping to be. You may have noticed this was the original chapter and I want to warn you that the first few are basically the original as well with minor changes but you'll see my adjustments pretty quickly so bare with me. I still have a projected 25 chapters for the sequel and let me just tell you guys that things are about to get really crazy. This story is my block setter. It'll be fun. Again, thanks for everyone that's stuck with me and I really hope you guys enjoy this.