just beat him senseless, and it confused Harry because he believed that Cormac deserved exactly that. Hermione's shock melted into a warm smile. She was looking at Viktor the same way she did in their fourth year, except it was still different somehow and Harry couldn't exactly tell how. Cormac, on the other hand, appeared to look embarrassed and flustered the more Viktor pinpointed his errors. He muttered something about mistletoe in a last attempt to save himself further humiliation, but Viktor appeared to have an answer for everything. "Why would you listen to plant?" he asked, a single dark eyebrow raised incredulously. "Mistletoe doesn't know what Hermy-own-ninny wants, Hermy-own-ninny knows what Hermy-own-ninny wants." "It's tradition–" "Yes, and I understand that it is a stupid one. Hermy-own-ninny doesn't need plant, she will kiss you herself if she wants. She is a very strong witch, she also doesn't need anyone or anything to tell her when they can or can't kiss her. I know because I kissed her once." He smiled a little at the memory while Hermione dropped her gaze and blushed madly next to him. "It was very nice, and she didn't push me away or run to hide behind her friends." Hermione was pointedly avoiding Harry's eyes, not knowing that he already knew about her kissing Viktor from Ginny's outburst. "She asked me to the party herself!" Cormac said quickly, as if he just remembered that, grinning triumphantly. "Now why would she ask me if she didn't fancy me at least a little?" Viktor shrugged. "I was going to ask her myself. She's obviously better than you." "Really, now you're just–!" "Listen," he said, holding up a hand, effectively silencing Cormac, "I know Hermy-own-ninny is a very desirable witch, but you are a man. You must control yourself. You are better than this, you come from good family and I know they raised you well, but you bring them shame when you behave like this." Cormac stared at Viktor for a while, contemplating his next move. Their conversation had drawn a bit of attention from those nearby, including Harry's own date Luna who drifted to his side to look at the two older men with her usual dreamy expression, and the more the confrontation dragged on the worse Cormac looked. Finally Cormac sighed, signaling his defeat. "Alright, fine, I understand." He then turned to Hermione and gave her a genuine smile. "I behaved rather inexcusably tonight, Granger, and for that I apologize. I didn't mean to be so forward, and I definitely didn't mean to push you away. Would I be asking too much if I hope to get another chance with you tonight?" Hermione seemed more relaxed now that the threat has finally been lifted, in fact so relaxed, Harry noted, that she didn't seem to notice that she was leaning towards Viktor with her free hand resting on his bicep. "Thank you for apologizing, Cormac," she said, "I will put tonight's incident behind me. As for your other request…" she turned from Cormac's hopeful face to smile shyly at Viktor. "I'm afraid I'll have to decline, as I have a bit of catching up to do with a good old friend of mine." She then turn back to Cormac. "If that's alright with you, of course, seeing as we came together?" Cormac looked at Viktor, who was looking back at him expectantly. He seemed to be thinking over the Bulgarian's words carefully before turning back to Hermione with a smile and a wink. "That's alright, Granger, I can keep myself entertained." "It was very nice to meet you," said Viktor, extending his hand. Cormac shook it. He was a long way from them when Hermione finally burst into uncontrollable, girlish giggles. "What?" asked Harry, glancing at Krum. "What's so funny?" "Oh, Viktor, you were so brilliant! Thank you!" she said, then turned to Harry and squeezed his arm affectionately. "You too, Harry!" "I didn't do anything, it was all Krum. He really was brilliant!" he said, earning a appreciative look from Viktor. "I mean, he made McLaggen apologize and mean it, or at least I think he did." "You were going to hex him," said Luna, startling them with the reminder of her presence and her honesty. "I saw you grabbing your wand, Harry." Harry cleared his throat, looking sheepish and away from the eyes that trailed to his wand hand. "Yea, alright, but I didn't have to in the end." He discreetly tucked his wand deeper into his robe pockets. Viktor grinned. He lifted Hermione's hand and kissed it again. "I am happy I came. I have missed you so much, Hermy-own-ninny." "I'm happy you came, too," she replied, biting her lower lip. "Would- would Gwengog mind if I steal you for a bit? We've got loads of catching up to do, I mean!" she said quickly at his raised eyebrows, flushing. "I am thinking Gwengog forgot about me," he said, shaking his head at the Quidditch captain still basking in the glory of her admirers' blind love and attention. He then smiled and tucked Hermione's hand into the crook of his arm. "Perhaps we should go somewhere private. It's too loud here and we have much to talk about." She nodded. She lead the way as they weaved through the guests, occasionally smiling and looking at each other in ways Harry didn't want to analyze in order to be able to feign innocence when necessary. It was only after they disappeared outside that Harry remembered Dumbledore's message. He groaned. Luna looked at him curiously. He shook his head. Even if he catches up with them somehow, Harry had a feeling that nothing in the world would tear Krum away from Hermione now that she's clearly interested in him again. "They look lovely together," said Luna next to him, staring at the empty doorway they disappeared into. "Do me a favor," said Harry, looking at the same spot but for different reasons. "Don't tell Ron."