getting to much of!" He ran to one the of the books stores and I chased him. After a few more hours of shopping... "That's everything we need." I checked everything off. "Oh thank goodness!" The boys nearly dropped everything. "I DIDN'T SAY DROP EVERYTHING WE JUST BOUGHT!" I shouted annoyed. "Oh... Draco. You have everything you need for school?" I heard the voice of Lucius Malfoy come from the Leaky Cauldron. "Yes, Father. I got everything with my new friends." Draco nodded as his dad came up to us. "Friends? Did you give them money?" Lucius raised an eyebrow at Draco, and I wanted to cast every hex I remember from the books, and there was a LOT that I remember. "No Father... In fact, Cindy was kind enough to pay for my Owl." Draco held up the Great Horned Owl, and looked over at me. "A Mu-... I mean Muggleborn bought you an Owl?" Lucius looked at me surprised. "Actually, I picked it out, Kial, here, paid for it." I corrected Draco, and grabbed Kial so he wouldn't leave just yet. "Awe." Lucius nodded, "Very well... Draco you may write to them. But if they are in a different House..." "Why should it matter if we're in a different House than him?" I raised an eyebrow, I know it has something to do with The fact that the Malfoys are so stuck-up, but I still wanted an answer. "Because then he would have no Pride." Lucius answered simply. I groaned, I should've expected that. "I'll write to you guys. I promise." Draco smiled at Kial and I. "We'll write back." I declared. "We will?" I stepped on Kial's foot, and elbowed him. "Oh yeah... We will." I gave Draco a side-hug. Kial sighed and did the same on the other side of Draco. "See ya at Hogwarts!" I called as Draco left with his father. "You too." He called back, before they Apparated away. I sighed as I felt Kial glaring at me, as we started to walk to a Floo area, "If Harry doesn't shake his hand, everything will still be the same." "Speaking of the Golden Trio. I saw Hermione in the Book shop." "And that should surprise you, why?" I raised an eyebrow at my best friend. "It doesn't... I'm just surprised that her hair was SO bushy." I shrugged, "I thought she was a nosy busybody in the first book." Kial smiled, "You're just glad cause now you'll know the answers to the questions the Professors have before her." "That too." Once we finally got to a Floo area and I got home, We pulled all our books into my favorite book hiding hole. "I'm still amazed that your parents never found this." Kial smiled. "Maybe I have A LITTLE Slytherin in me." I joked. Kial smiled, and rolled his eyes, "Ha ha very funny." Before we could do anything else, I heard the sound of A Great Horned Owl, from my Attic. "He couldn't have." I looked at Kial. "He SHOULDN'T have..." We bolted up the stairs, carrying our Owls with us. "Yep, It's Draco's." I sighed once we finally got to my room, and I saw a Great Horned Owl on my windowsill. I opened the window to find that the Owl had a letter on it's leg. "Already?! But we're all the way in America!" I complained. Kial undid the letter and stared at the Bird's eyes, I hated it when he did that... it's like he's in a trance and it freaks me out! "Kial! Stop doing that! You KNOW it freaks me out!" Kial sighed, before letting the Owl leave through the window and I shut, and locked it. "What'd you tell it?" I sighed, he always had the freaky ability to speak to birds. "I just told it how to get back to Draco." Kial shrugged like it was no big deal. "He. Lives. In. ENGLAND!" I smacked Kial on the back of the head lightly. Kial just shrugged, and handed me the letter, "It's addressed to you." I raised an eyebrow, no way. No how... I looked at the envelope. Cindy Amilia Hiolna Somewhere in the U.S.A. Looks like Draco's handwriting... I think... I opened the letter. Dear Cindy, I hope the Owl get's to you... I'll let him out of the cage and I'm sending him the second I come home. I wanted to know what it's actually like living with Muggles... and living like them... I guess I'll never get to DO any of that thanks to my Dad... But I want to KNOW anyway. My Dad had told me to call you a... (and I hope Kial doesn't read this so he won't ripe it to shreds before you finish)... Mudblood, if you ever touch me... and I'm sorry I almost did when you pulled me to the pet shop... By the way, can you help me come up with a name for him?... I can't keep saying 'it' or 'The Owl' Or 'Him'. Anyway... I hope you get this letter and you write back soon. Your (Hopefully anyway) Friend, Draco Malfoy. I stared at the handwriting, and smiled gently. "Kial, Open the window again, I'm gonna write Draco back, then grab your sleeping bag." Kial sighed, then did as told. I grabbed a piece of parchment, and a quill and a container of ink. "Grab the brick for me too." I pointed to the lose brick that I use for a doorstop in the winter. "Okay." Kial dusted the brick off and gave it to me. I sat the Parchment down, then the brick at the top of it so I could write. I dipped the pointed end of the quill into the bottle of ink, then I started to write my reply. I suddenly couldn't WAIT for September 1st! Okay! First chapter's done... I hope you all liked it, cause there's more to come. Please review and tell me what you think.