"At least now that horrible Skeeter woman will be put to good use. I know for a fact that she has nothing but vulgar things to say about you Harry. So don't count on anyone's support." And with that they swept away into the empty corridor. "Wait! No! I didn't do it. Please just let me explain!" Harry cried out desperately after them, his best mates, his last hope. For a moment Harry numbly stared at the matching set of flowing robes on Ron and Hermione. They've probably already started to get that money, he thought. As the tail end of the robes disappeared around the corner, the dam broke and Harry's tears fell freely from his eyes. Ron. Hermione. How could they. He trusted them. If their roles were reversed he would've had their backs immediately, no questions asked, no pleas made. Because he believed in them. Because he always thought that their friendship was the only thing holding him up. And now that was gone. O•O•O "Get up Potter." the bark from one of the guards was what Harry woke up to. He knew what day this was. The day of his trail. Suddenly his heart jumped quicker. The day of his trial! He would request Veritaserum and prove his innocence. Things would go back to normal and… no, that was wrong. things would never go back to normal. There would always be a gap between him and Ron ad hermione now. He couldn't easily forget the hatred in their eyes nor the cold tones and words they threw at him when what he needed most was a lifeline. "Potter, you have guests." Harry jerked up. Guests? He hoped it wasn't Ron and Hermione again, coming to gloat abut their upcoming fame or something. Harry rolled his eyes. over the past few days leading up to his trial all the Weasleys, Sirius, Remus, and a few of his classmates had been there to accuse him or insult him. Who would it be this time? Lavender? Dean? Seamus? Susan Bones? Draco Malfoy? His mind screamed when Harry first saw the shock of platinum blond hair followed by the custom silver eyes of most purebloods. "Potter." Malfoy simply said then lingered by the door watching Harry. Oh bloody hell, might as well go along with this. It wasn't as if he had anything to lose. "Malfoy, how have you been?" he replied. "Better then you." Malfoy looked at his clothes in disgust then wrinkled his nose as if he'd smelled something rancid, which was probably true as Harry hadn't taken a bath or shower since the day he was arrested which was about a week ago. "It comes with living in a cell for a week. Guaranteed a filthy appearance and smell." "Whatever Potter. I just came to tell you that…they're all idiots." He shuffled his feet, looking as un-Malfoy as can be. At Harry's questioning look, he elaborated. "The people who are just tossing you aside for the sake of having drama. Everybody at school who believes this rubbish. That bucktoothed Granger and that disgusting Weasel who should've known you enough to know that you have a bleeding heart and would've never killed those people. Harry stared at Malfoy in shock. He couldn't speak. He couldn't move. He just stared. "Anyway that's all I came here to say. The odds are piled high against you. With the way things are looking, you're living the rest of your days out in a cell even if you've never lifted a single harmful finger." And with that said, Malfoy practically ran out of there. In any other situation, it would've been funny, a Malfoy all flushed and embarrassed and actually running. But this was't any other situation, and Malfoy being here and supporting Harry proved that. Harry sighed. What was it with Malfoy? First that expression on his face when Harry was being confronted by the entire school, and now…this, whatever this was. Why? Why was it that only Malfoy saw the truth? Even when his best mates couldn't even see? Harry knew the answer to that one. His supposed best mates who too blinded by fame and wealth to care about him He wondered if they ever cared about him or if they just hung around, hoping to gleam some publicity from being the Boy Who Lived's friend. Suddenly Harry heard the key turn in the lock. He stood. It was time. O•O•O "Harry James Potter, you have been accused of the murder of William and Charles Weasley, Henry Granger, and Narcissa Malfoy. Do you deny it?" Harry was horrified. Bill and Charlie Weasley? Ron's brothers? Hermione's dad? Malfoy's mother? Of course she sided with the dark but he never had any troubles with her, only her son ad husband. Didn't these people know him at all. Why was it that only Draco believed in him? Especially when Draco had the most reason to turn on him and scream for his blood and his head on a spike. It didn't make any bloody sense. "Mr. Potter. We are awaiting your answer." "I deny these claims. They are ridiculous." "Are you willing to take Veritaserum to prove your answer?" "Yes." Harry spoke with finality. This was the moment of truth. The moment where finally realized just how wrong they were. And it would be sweet. Victory and freedom are always a sweet combination. "Very well. Please administer the serum. Only three drops are needed." Something was shoved under his nose and Harry's head was tipped back. This was it, he thought. This was it. Just as the third drop hit his tongue, the scent of the potion wafted into his nostrils. his last thought was that the potion didn't taste as bad as all the others. It actually tasted pretty sweet. Please review and tell me if you want this to be a two-shot or an actual story. I hope you enjoyed since this is my first Harry Potter fic. ~ Ivystrike