against Voldemort was a great idea. If anything, Harry wanted in. "It is, but…" She paused and her eyebrows furrowed together, as if she was thinking hard about something. "Do you know where Hermione is at the moment?" Harry frowned. "Somewhere in southern France, she sent me some postcards earlier, why? "Because she isn't. She's here. I saw her yesterday, I think she's at the Order's headquarters and I expect we'll be going there too sometime soon." She looked at him. Harry was baffled at what he'd just heard, so Hermione wasn't in France? It angered Harry that one of his best friends would blatantly lie to him. She'd been so supportive of him, sending a letter all the way from France and buying those nice cards. "Why did she lie to me then?" He asked curiously. Maybe there was a good reason for it. "I think Dumbledore is making her, but I'm not sure." Ginny fidgeted with her feet while Harry let all the new information sink in. "Are you sure it was Hermione you saw?" Maybe Ginny had made a mistake. That could explain all this. "I'm sure Harry." He felt like another load of bricks was thrown onto his back. He carried so many already and he wasn't sure how many more he could take before his knees would buckle under the weight. "I don't think she wanted to lie to you, Harry!" Ginny tried to reassure him, but it had little effect. Harry only shook his head. "She's my friend. She should know better. Even if it would have been dangerous, she should have told me something, or at least tried." A silence fell after his words. Ginny clearly wanted to comment on what he'd said, yet she didn't. "Maybe she's just biding her time, waiting for the right moment to tell you. It's not like Hermione to go running off into danger unprepared." Ginny tried again. Harry mulled this over in his head. Maybe she was right about that. Hermione wouldn't just abandon him, she was probably waiting for a good moment to tell him all about it. Ginny watched Harry closely. She was happy that she hadn't broken Harry even more than he had clearly already been. "The Order is planning something. I'm not sure whether it's bad or not, but it's to do with you." Ginny looked him in the eyes. "I just couldn't let them do something like this without telling you. I know that all you'll want is to fight alongside them, but I'm not sure they realise that. I think they're trying to protect you by not telling you anything and keeping you out of the loop. You don't deserve to be left out, Harry, that's why I decided to tell you about all this. It's the least I owe you." She looked content, happy that she'd gotten everything she wanted to say off her chest. He gave her a quick smile to show how grateful he was. Harry hated it when people didn't tell him everything, especially to protect him. He'd come to expect and accept it from Dumbledore, but he didn't want any more people standing between him and Voldemort. Harry was sick of people getting injured or dying to protect him. He didn't want to be responsible for more deaths. "Harry, I'm sorry." Ginny looked at him, the compassion showed in her voice. She felt bad for hurting Harry. She knew it was the right thing to do, but it bothered her nonetheless. "What do you mean, you owe me?" He asked suddenly. Ginny blinked twice, this wasn't the piece of information she had expected Harry to ask questions about. "Well… I, umm." She didn't know what to say. Harry had an idea about what she'd meant and her sudden stutter confirmed his suspicion. "Ginny that was ages ago. You should try to forget about it, and stop thinking you owe me for it." Her eyes dropped to the floor as she nodded softly. Suddenly, Ginny nearly jumped out of her skin and turned her head at the soot-covered wall behind her. "I think someone's awake." She whispered. "I have to go before I get caught." Harry nodded in response. "We could meet again tomorrow morning, same time." She suggested. "We can talk some more if you want and I'll see if I can gather some more information by then." She spoke so quickly, he had trouble understanding what she was saying. "That's fine, just go now." He finally managed. She laughed at his confusion and quickly bid him farewell. "Ohh… and Ginny." Harry added quickly, causing her to turn her head once more. The flames were already starting to swirl and Harry hoped she would still be able to hear what he was about to say. "Thanks." Harry wasn't sure. It might have been a stray strand of hair that whipped past her face, but he thought he'd seen a brief smile on her face. The flames assumed a funnel-shape and slowly disappeared back into the charred embers of the fireplace. It reminded him a bit of a bath being drained. Ginny was gone. Gone with her was the faint glow the fireplace had emanated earlier, making it a lot harder for Harry to find his way back upstairs into the smallest, foulest room in the house. AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is only a pilot chapter, I'm testing the waters and so far, they seem favourable. Future chapters will be bigger in both content and size. Please do forgive me for any spelling mistakes you might come across; English is not my mother tongue. I know it's been a while since any updates were made to this story, but I'm now recommencing it and am in the process of writing new chapters already. If you've read the pilot chapter and enjoyed it, feel free to leave support or constructive criticism. I'm always open to suggestions and the support means the world to me. Thank you. - iWrites.