to a strange dream, they weren't quite nightmares but there was something disturbing about them, like she was looking through someone else's life. "These dreams, they've been increasing?" Hermione nodded, snapping back to reality. "Should I be worried?" "I should think not, I imagine it's just the stress of what's to come and your magic is being a little over reactive at the moment." He said, reassuring her that there was nothing wrong with her. The old Magical looked up towards the west facing wall where a large oddly shaped clock hung from. Hermione had never figured out how to use it to tell the time. "I have to go, but perhaps think on what your friendship to Harry actually means. You would do him a disservice to leave him behind, after everything the two of you have been through." Dumbledore said, rising from his chair. He walked over to Hermione and gripped her shoulder lightly, she could feel a faint warmth. "Enjoy the rest of your evening, Amber is waiting patiently outside for you." Once her father had left, Hermione sat there in the chair opposite the grand desk before her and thought about her soon to be trip to the Tower. Later that night, when the residence of Hogsmeade were tucked away quietly in their houses a faint pop echoed through the jailhouse basement. The resident of the only occupied cell stirred and rolled over lazily to face the cloaked figure. The mysterious figure rolled his hand through the air and a plush chair with royal purple leather padding with intricate golden flowers appeared in existence before the bars of the cell. "Good evening Harry, I see you're once again taking a short visit in what can only be described as your holiday home." Dumbledore said as he pulled the hood of his cloak down. The tiny golden stars embroidered into it caught the light, giving off a sparkle of light. Harry sat up and rubbed his eyes, his shirt was a mess with pieces of hay and straw sticking out of the cotton. He leaned up against the back wall of the cell so they were face to face, apart from the bars between them. "Hermione said you wanted to talk to me?" He asked, knowing full well what that conversation would entail; it was one they had been having for many years. The old Magical looked worried and grasped his hands together as he leant forward in his chair. "I just want to be sure, that you're willing to do this Harry." Harry gave a sigh and started pulling the straw out of his shirt and trousers. "Like I've said every time you ask me, yes I'm willing and yes I know the risks; I've been playing with those risks ever since we first spoke-" "Even though you could die? And it's a high chance that you could." Dumbledore interrupted. "I've been keeping her core in check haven't I?" Harry said, annoyed at how many times they had had a conversation about it. He would forever be in the debt of the Magical before him but that didn't stop him from speaking his mind and Dumbledore seemed to appreciate it instead of tiptoeing around him like others did, or at least, that's what Harry thought anyway. He didn't like keeping secrets from Hermione, but this one he had sworn to keep. Dumbledore leaned back in his chair, his hands still clutched together in his lap. "Her core is increasing still, it should have stopped… I've tried researching why, but there's nothing. There probably hasn't been a single person since perhaps the Greats that have a core as large as hers, she cannot control her magic very well because there is frankly to much of it. Her body doesn't know what to do with it all, the fact she will be able to graduate tomorrow is because of you pulling the magic from her core but… I feel for her to survive the ceremony you'll need to increase your pull. The only place you can safely do that is in the Tower, where all you would be hurting is the foul creatures within. I won't lie to you Harry, even with your gifts at controlling a magical core I fear there must be limits of which even you cannot surpass." Harry thought on the words his mentor was giving him. He knew the risks, and didn't care. Hermione and her father gave him a second chance at life. He didn't remember anything of his past apart from he was close to death, his core had dwindled down to almost nothing. When he had met Hermione in the castle he felt a strong pull from his nearly extinguished core. Later, and through a lot of trial and error Dumbledore found Harry held a unique gift where he could use another's core. He was strictly forbidden from pulling from anyone but Hermione, who's extremely large core would be able to take the burden and she would know nothing of it. He could potentially kill someone if he tried it on a regular Magical. It allowed him to do magic, he would never forget those first moments in Dumbledore's chamber where he produced light in the palm of his hand. He sighed and looked up into the bright blue eyes of his mentor. "I understand, don't worry… I'll keep her safe and get her core ready for the ceremony. I know that if it's too large the shock could kill her. I don't want that just as much as you do." There was a brief silence as the pair looked at each other, as though expecting the other to break. "There is no way to thank you enough Harry." Dumbledore said softly, he looked every bit his age of one hundred and thirty. "Sir, you gave me a second chance, and the best friend I could ever ask for. You've done enough and it's time I start paying you back."