library was a bit of a disappointment to Ginny. They had enough, but not nearly as many as two years ago. Most had graduated, or simply not come back to Hogwarts. Others, such as the Patils, flat out refused to take part because of the risk. Nethertheless, they'd managed to gather up five others, making eight. She supposed it could be a good thing - it was easier to congregate when there weren't thirty of them. "Alright." She cleared her throat, and glanced anxiously around the library. No one seemed to be looking at them, but it wouldn't be good to be caught before they'd even gotten started. "We all know everyone, so no need for introductions. You're probably all wanting the details, so I'll just get on with it." She pulled out a piece of parchment. "You're obviously aware of the situation. The last time we met, we were sneaking around with a grumpy Ministry employee. This year, We're going to be going about under the noses of trained Death Eaters. The thing I need to stress most here is that it'll be more dangerous than last time, and you need to take that into account when you agree to help. That being said, we're not going to be learning anything this year; we're going to be fighting back. The Carrows need to be taken down, and we're going to be doing that. Any questions?" There was a brief silence, and Ginny shifted feet uncomfortably. "Well," Luna said thoughtfully, "I'd rather like to know what we'd be doing. I saw some Nargles, you see, so I'd like to make sure they weren't bad luck." She could see some of the others trying not to laugh. They all adored Luna, but no one quite understood the things she talked about. "Valid question," Colin jumped in. "We wouldn't start with anything too risky. Just pranks, and the like. Our objective is to make them as uncomfortable as possible, try and rattle them up a bit. Things like the puking pastilles that the twins make, but without the other half." "When do we start?" Dean asked. "As soon as we can," Ginny responded. "We'll be using the Room of Requirement again, as our base. We'll send out a message through the DA coins within the next week, I reckon. If you all have still have those, that is." They all mumbled in acknowledgement. She sighed gladly - she wasn't sure she knew how to make any more. "Alright, that's it, then. We'll let you lot know the details." She let out a deep breath and fell back into the chair as the rest streamed out of the library, talking quietly. She noticed Dean hanging back, and grimaced. They'd broke up about five months ago, but it hadn't ended well. He'd been convinced that she was still interested in Harry (which she wasn't) and they had a massive row. They hadn't talked since. "Hey, Gin," he said. He leaned awkwardly against a shelf. She gave him a quick once-over; he looked as good as ever. "How're you?" She let a brief smile flit across her lips. "I'm okay. It's been hard with Ron and them gone, but I'm fine. You?" "I'm good as ever." There was a quick pause, and Ginny tried in vain to remember what they'd talked about when they were together. Quidditch? School? She couldn't say. "It's great of you to be starting this back up." "Yeah," she tried to find a response. "Someone needed to." She swept her hair off her shoulder. "The Carrows haven't been giving you too much trouble, have they?" Dean was muggleborn, which was the number one factor for their hit list. He shrugged. "Not anymore than the others. I keep my head down. They probably don't like you much - being connected to Harry and all." "Harry and I aren't together," she said swiftly, her mouth hardening. Leave it to Dean to slide Harry into every conversation. "Oh - I heard -" "You heard wrong. Never were, and we never will be." He grimaced. "Merlin, I screwed up." She couldn't help but snort, anger rising to her throat. "Dean, I told you a million times that we weren't anything. You bloody well screwed up." "I -" He looked lost. "I'm sorry." "It's a bit late for that, Dean. It's been five months - and not a word. You could've owled!" "So could you!" She found herself an inch from his chest, her finger pushed up against his robes. " You dumped me. Because of a bloody rumor that you wouldn't let me explain. D'you really expect me to send you an owl after that?" "I said I was sorry!" "Yeah, five months later!" Ginny realized that they'd never really even talked much - they'd row, and snog, and then repeat. "I don't want to do this with you." He backed away, lips in a very Slytherin scowl. "I'll see you around, Ginny." He spun on his heel, and left her with her jaw on the floor, not understanding what just happened. Typical Dean - start drama, and then turn it around towards her. Secretly, she thought she'd dodged a bullet when they broke up. She sat heavily into her chair, her heart still racing angrily. It'd been so random, and she couldn't help but feel cornered by him. He had this overbearing quality that had been endearing when they were together. But during a fight, she couldn't help but feel on edge, like disagreeing with him could start a fire. She gathered up her things and made her way back to her common room. AN: -In the book, Dean wasn't at Hogwarts during his 7th year. I changed that. -Also, Dean and Ginny's relationship is pushed back a bit. They dated throughout his sixth year, and broke up about a month before school ended. Haven't been writing recently so I decided to start it up again. I'm really excited for this idea. Enjoy! :)