"Thanks." Helga smiled at them, her good-humour immediately restored. "It took a great deal of courage to admit that," she said softly. "Thank you." Godric nodded approvingly. "It was well done," he agreed. "Have we managed to assuage all your fears?" "I guess so," said Ron. His expression turned apprehensive. "Does this mean we still have to have our memories searched?" Rowena glanced at the others, but she knew what the answer would be. The trio certainly sounded convincing, but this could still be an elaborate trap. They knew people who were all too capable of it. "I am afraid so," said Godric apologetically. "It will not take long; verification is all we need." The trio exchanged resigned looks. "It doesn't look like we have any choice," Harry sighed. Salazar shook his head. "It is necessary." His eyes betrayed his sympathy, but his resolve was implacable. Rowena sighed. She disliked Legilimency, but there was no denying that it was the fastest and most accurate method available to them. They would not be tricked again. Hermione nodded reluctantly. "All right then." Salazar studied her. "Do you object to me performing the test?" The witch hesitated only a moment before shaking her head. Salazar nodded. "Very well. I know you have been trained to resist mental attack, but I would appreciate it if you tried to relax." Hermione blinked. "But I've never had Occlumency training." "What?" Godric exclaimed. "You are Hogwarts students, are you not?" "Yes, fifth years, but we've never been taught Occlumency." "We'd never even heard of it until this year," Ron added. Godric and Salazar exchanged grim looks. Rowena was no less perturbed. They all knew the dangers of leaving their minds completely unprotected, and Occlumency had been a compulsory field of study since the beginning. This news was troubling. What else had changed? Harry's eyes widened. "So you teach Occlumency to everyone?" "Of course," said Helga. "It would hardly be fair for only a small proportion of students to benefit." For some reason, Harry's cheeks tinged pink. "I guess not." Salazar shook his head. "So none of you have any experience with Occlumency?" He did not look pleased, and Rowena didn't blame him in the slightest. Harry grimaced. "I had lessons for a while, but they were a bit of a disaster." "You didn't try," Hermione muttered. "Come one Hermione, the teacher was a git," Ron pointed out. Harry's blush deepened. "Can we talk about it later?" Salazar nodded and turned back to Hermione. "Try to relax," he said gently. "This will not hurt." His sharp gaze found hers. Hermione's body stiffened as Salazar entered her mind. Ron started and tried to move forwards, but Godric shook his head. "She's fine, lad. Salazar knows what he is doing." Ron didn't look convinced, but he stopped moving. His eyes didn't move from Hermione's still form. Harry was equally tense. A moment later, Hermione let out a long shuddering breath as Salazar broke the connection. Ron quickly went to her, but Salazar held up a hand. "A troll?" His eyes were slightly wild. Ron froze, his expression torn between confusion and concern, but Harry winced. "You saw that?" "I did, and I would very much like an explanation." "If it involves a troll, I think I do too," said Godric grimly. Harry glanced at the others and sighed. "Why don't we wait until you've checked me and Ron," he suggested. "There'll be more to explain than the troll." Rowena felt a surge of foreboding. That did not sound promising. Salazar's eyes darkened. "I see." He turned to Ron. "Master Weasley?" This time the examination took longer, and Salazar was ashen when he emerged from the memories. "Salazar," Helga began, but Salazar shook his head. "I am fine," he assured her. "Though how these three are is beyond me." Harry glanced at Ron. "Aragog?" Ron shuddered. "And Sirius at Hallowe'en." Rowena opened her mouth, but Harry shook his head. "It's going to get worse." Salazar stared at him. "Worse?" Harry sighed and squared his shoulders. "I'll show you." Salazar chose not to waste time with further questions, He stepped forwards and his gaze locked with Harry's. Rowena felt the feeling of foreboding intensify, and the troubled look that passed between Ron and Hermione did nothing to assuage her fears. After a moment, it became clear that something was very wrong. Harry's face twisted into a scowl and both wizards began to tremble. Ron swallowed. "Is that supposed to happen?" Godric shook his head, his attention fixed on Salazar. "It would take some truly traumatic memories to affect them like that." Ron grimaced. "That explains it then. Harry's pretty much the authority on traumatic." Godric stared at him, but before he could comment, Salazar let out a strangled hiss and staggered back and Godric had to catch his arm to steady him. "Salazar!" Salazar didn't even seem to hear him. He stood staring at the young wizard in front of him, his face a mask of horror. Harry met his gaze, his green eyes glittering in his bloodless face. Godric glanced helplessly at Helga, but Salazar spoke then, his voice hoarse with shock. "What in the name of God has happened to our world?" So there's the first chapter. I'm back at university now, so I'm not sure how often I'll be able to update, but I will try to keep posting regularly. The chapters will all be around this length or longer though, so it is going to take a while. Please bear with me, and I will see what I can do. In the meantime, please let me know what you thought. Edit 06/03/13: A few people have complained about the language issues. Yes, I know that they all spoke very different languages back then. If you keep reading, it's all explained in the next chapter. Thanks. Edit 31/12/13: Chapter tidied upa bit. Also, I know Slytherin's attitude is a little odd, but it will be explained later on too.