say? Long, straight hair... great eyes... wonderful—" "Uh, yeah," Harry agreed, cutting his friend off. He was a bit worried about which parts Ron might begin describing. Ron's expression changed, as if a thought dawned on him, and he fixed Harry with a look of pity. "I almost feel sorry for you mate. I bet she's about the only girl you'll find who will simply tell you what she's thinking instead of play games. Hope you find someone like that." And with that, Ron left, a bundle of energy. Hermione scoffed as he walked away, leaning in towards Harry. "It almost sounded like Ron was describing himself," she said in a half-whisper. "A bit narcissistic, wouldn't you say?" she asked with a mischievous smile on her face. Harry snickered in amusement, agreeing immediately. But at the same time, he couldn't help but feel happiness for his friend. Seeing how miserable most of the day had been in his vision, Harry was very grateful to have made today better for him. In fact, if Harry allowed himself to think so, he seemed to have done nothing but make today better for everyone involved. He mentally gave himself a pat on the back. ::XX::XX:: The rest of the afternoon was consumed with games of exploding snap, which Hermione surprisingly suggested playing with Harry. He'd never seen her play, but she was very good at it, making Harry wonder just how much he didn't know about her. She'd said that it was 'to relax her mind from a day of studying', but Harry had never noticed her do such a thing before. And so, early that evening, Hermione and Harry picked their things up to head down to dinner. Ron had left ten minutes earlier, apparently starving. He claimed to have skipped lunch to spend time with Luna, but Harry had never known Ron to skip any meals. If that was true, it was perhaps the biggest testament to his opinion of the Ravenclaw. Meeting back in the common room, which was beginning to thin, Harry and Hermione walked out of the portrait hole, down the familiar route to the Great Hall. For some reason, the conversation between them seemed to flow easier, and they talked about many things, some not even school related. In fact, the conversation was so intriguing that when Harry looked around to see how close they were, he noticed they were not even close to the Great Hall. They were, somehow, in a fifth floor corridor near the Astronomy tower. Hermione noticed at the same time he did, and immediately drew her wand, giving Harry a meaningful look. "How did we get here?" Harry asked quickly, shooting his hand into his own pocket to withdraw his wand. "I'm not sure," she replied. Harry's blood turned cold as his hand felt around. "My wand." Harry said. "It's gone." Hermione looked around frantically. "Was this how it happened? In your vision?" Harry shook his head. "No. It happened after dinner." He glanced at one of the portraits and saw movement. "Hey, you!" he called out the painting. "Would you get the headmaster? Tell him we're in trouble." The painting glanced up at Harry's scar before nodding and disappearing out of the frame. "Well," Hermione started, glancing around the empty corridor. "What do you say we make a run for it?" Harry nodded, and they both took off, trying to reach the relative safety of the Great Hall. They turned a corner and glanced behind them, when suddenly both seemed to trip, and fell forward. Hermione lost the grip she had on her wand, and it slid some ten feet from where they landed. Right as Harry began to get back up it hit him. Pain. His scar exploded in an all-too-familiar way. No! he thought. Not like before! Not like in the vision! Harry looked over at Hermione, to see her transfixed on something out of his field of view. Her face wore an expression of horror and fear, two emotions he had hardly ever seen on her face. " Avada Kadavra !" A beam of green light struck Hermione in the chest and she slumped over, lifeless. "No!" Harry screamed through the pain. "Not again!" "Again?" a familiar, raspy voice asked. "So they were right. You did have a vision." Voldemort walked into Harry's field-of-view, looking down at the boy as if he pitied him. Harry knew that the dark wizard didn't, but it was an act of power. It was a message that Harry was so helpless that Voldemort could afford to pity him. "I was told by some of my servants that you'd gone rushing to Dumbledore this morning with a detailed account of how I was planning on killing you later this evening." The Dark Lord grinned in a maniacal way that scared Harry. "I must say I somewhat doubted the accuracy of their report, but visions have been known to occur, particularly for those close to death." Voldemort leaned over, his grin turning into a sneer, his face less than a foot from Harry's. "What is it that you see now?" Harry tried to form words, last, defiant words, to show that he wasn't afraid. But he couldn't seem to convince his voice to work, and even then, he wasn't sure what he would say. "A real pity. I had been hoping for a plan a bit more grandiose than what I'll accomplish here. I wanted to savor this moment more, but in the end, I guess all that matters is that there is a moment like this." Voldemort raised his wand threateningly. "Good bye, 'the-Boy-Who-Lived'. Avada Kadavra !" There was a flash of green light, then everything went black, and Harry opened his eyes with a jolt, and he was breathing heavily. He was back in his bed. Quickly he glanced over at the dorm room door and saw Neville slinking out. Well , Harry thought to himself, slowing his breathing, this is strange.