wizards. "Such cruelty from you Severus? What would your mudblood say?" With shaking hands and knees, Severus fell once more, this time grasping for what remained of the child and uttered unspoken words in the dark, words that only the wand in his hand understood. "Perhaps there is still hope for you? What say you Regulus? Is there hope for your friend?" "Y-yes, my lord." Regulus' eyes could not move from the broken boy, now being held in his tormentor's hands. "There is always hope." "Well done. I suggest you leave this place quickly…do not loiter. Return to the mansion in the morning." And with that, the victorious dark lord apparated away from the tragic turn of events. "Sev-" "Stop. Go away from here Regulus, before you witness something you will regret." Regulus stopped walking towards his broken friend, and laughed without a single indent of humour. "You mean other than the savage death of a babe?" That's when he heard it, amongst the rain, wind and crashing thunder above…a song…a bittersweet song made of two words constantly repeating. "Vulnera Sanentur, Vulnera Sanentur, Vulnera Sanentur…" To his astonishment the soft golden glow that had floated the child safely to the moist, earthen floor enveloped the body once more. Wisps of forest green intertwined with the golden strands and in shocking realisation Regulus realised he was seeing Severus' magic assisting the child's in healing him. The blood residue was clearing. The tears in the skin were knitting back together! Minutes into the song and all that was left, all that indicated the horror that had occurred, were silvery scars, webbing across the child's skin. "But how? With that much blood…the pain itself…he is so small!? He should be dead!" Slumping out of pure exhaustion, Regulus was quick to catch his friend and the now quite alive boy in his arms. "He's not. He is not dead. But Merlin Regulus, he almost was! If the dark lord had held onto him any longer, he'd be dead and Lilly…she would never forgive me for that. How could she when the boy could never do so…it would be his right." Though the action was foreign to him, Regulus was determined to comfort his guilt-riddled, near-hysterical friend. His fingers gently laced through Severus' hair, and he whispered nonsensical, peaceful words in his ears. "He is alive because of you Severus Snape. Are you so quick to forget that? To forget the danger you have just placed yourself in?" Knowing Severus was in no state to be lifting a child, Regulus reached for the boy. The warmth, indicating that the boy was indeed alive surprised Regulus. His body had not truly accepted life status of the child. Standing now, child in one arm, Regulus reached for the fallen man before him, pulling his hand back sharply at the pain of a static shock. His hand still stung, it was odd…static should not feel this painful…not unless they were laying on an electric field…Regulus' eyes widened in fear. Severus' hair was increasing in volume…as though it was filling with electrons, his own hair was expanding….sparks flew at the corner of his eye and he knew they would not make it in time. Ignoring the pain he grabbed Severus, trying in vain to apparate to safety…but it was too late…the lightning struck the ground. The two men were flung aside, the wind creeping towards the youngest mortal and encircling him. The buzzing of a warning charm rang through Regulus' mind, proving to him that yes, the night could certainly get worse. In a panicked frenzy he felt for the glass corked bottle in his robes, only to find shattered glass and grains of sand trickling off his palm and being caught up in the snake-like winds still circling the boy. "No! ARESSTO MOMENTUM! STUPEFY! PETRIFICUS TOTALUS! ACCIO SAND! ARESSTO MOMEMNTUM MAXIMUS!" He screamed out spell after spell, refusing to let Severus' attempts be for nought. He wanted to scream for Severus to help him but the poor man was spent, unconscious and far too drained to be of any help. To his increasing horror, the golden sands seemed to replicate in the wind and there was once again, nothing Regulus could do. The sand was so concentrated, it was one with the wind. The wind was a breeze no longer, it was now a small, vicious tornado…and the wizards were in its warpath. Harry had to be suffocating within the walls of the golden tornado, and Regulus pitied the boy's treacherous fate. As Severus said, Regulus had indeed stayed only to witness something he would regret. With his last bout of magical and physical energy he reached for his friend and apparated away, far, far away from Godric's Hollow, guiltily leaving the one-year old to die a gruesome death, choking on the grains of sand he had stolen from the department of mysteries. Confident in the knowledge both he and Severus were within the walls of the Black manor, Regulus croaked out for his house elf, "Kreacher." Seeing and hearing the arrival of the family house elf he finally allowed his eyes to close, succumbing to the darkness. "MASTER!" The golden tornado did not move far from its origin, continuously circling the young wizard within its walls until suddenly the boy cried out in pain, his forehead aching. Few grains of the tornado had sliced into his skin, a sensation Harry was soon becoming accustomed to. The scar, fresh and bleeding took on the most curious shape of a lightning bolt. Sowilo…Eihwaz… the words seemed to be whispered by the winds. His cries were silenced. The tornado dissipated, and in its absence nothing but bloodied mud remained. Thus the Potter bloodline ended in 1981…hurrah hurrah, congratulations to the b*stard Dark Lord Stick around? Review? Always wanted to do an AU HP fic, so this was born from that wish I guess XD…please be kind! I intend for more to come, now to delve into my dusty brain :p