the other hand. Draco feels the removal of Harry's finger and the hard, wide girth of a cock lineup, the swollen head pressing against his entrance. "Daddy, I need your cock. Please fuck me daddy. Daddy please," Draco whines, pushing back against Harry. He doesn't need to ask twice. Harry moans before he grips Draco's hips hard enough to bruise, pulls Draco closer to him, so his butt was touching Harry's thighs, spreading the boy's legs, and thrusts inside, biting back a groan at the wet, tight heat of Draco's passage. Draco's eyes widened as the head of Harry's rod breaches his hole. In only a few seconds he took the whole cock in a smooth and slick movement causing him to mewl against the mattress, his hands uselessly grasping at the smooth sheets and blankets. After a few thrusts Draco jerks up as Harry hit his prostate. Draco's almost animalistic groans and moans spurr the man behind him on and he accelerated the speed of his thrusts. Harry's thrusts were powerful and always hit Draco's sweet spot. But even in his wild state Harry took care not to hurt his boy while pounding into him. "Fuck me, daddy. Come on, fuck me hard. I want it! I want it so much," Draco exclaims, his voice distorted with pleasure. "What was that Baby Boy? What do you want?" "Your dick daddy! I want your dick! Fuck... I need it. I need it so much daddy!" Harry was lost in a blur of sensation: his hands gliding against a sweat-soaked back, his cock ramming into a tight hole again and again. Draco is shouting muffled encouragement but the words don't quite make it to Harry's ear. Their coupling was dirty as Harry fucked his boyfriend hard and fast, balls slapping against Draco's firm ass. Harry continues his assault on Draco's sweet spot relentlessly with his dick and he has Draco screaming in pleasure as the blonde man pushes back his ass with every thrust. Draco moves against the bed with every rough thrust, his own body seeking friction against the soft surface. The velvety, slick walls of Draco's body were dragging against Harry's cock with every move, sending waves of pleasure through the Gryffindor. When the stronger man looked down and saw how his big, throbbing and slick cock disappears between Draco's firm ass cheeks, getting swallowed by that greedy hole over and over again, he snapped. Harry could feel his orgasm approaching and he tried to slip his hands beneath his Baby Boy to assist but it was too late. Draco was soon arching against Harry, crying out as he comes untouched. Harry feels Draco's arse tighten around him, milking Harry's cock and with one long thrust his cock erupts in pleasure. Harry shudders through his orgasm, pulse after pulse of come filling Draco up to the brim. Harry bows his head and rests it against Draco's back, catching his breath before slowly pulling out. Sitting on the bed, they were snogging, Harry's soft lips moving against Draco's chapped ones. The blonde Slytherin parted his lips slightly; tongue running over Harry's bottom lip, begging for entrance. The Gryffindor gladly let Draco slid his tongue into his mouth. Their tongues started to dance with each other, a passionate, hot battle for dominance with Harry easily winning. Meanwhile, the blonde slid his left hand into Harry's hair, fascinated by its heavenly softness. It felt as soft as clouds. His right hand was slowly trailing down Harry's torso caressing and grasping the hard, bulging muscles. Harry's arms are wrapped around Draco's neck, hands clasped together. They stay like this for a while, content with their snogging. Harry manoeuvres their bodies to lay under the sheets and blankets with their heads resting upon soft pillows. Harry spoons Draco from behind and wraps an arm around his lover's waist as the two males soon fall asleep. *Okay … the sexual stuff is over and done with for this fic, so it's now safe to read again.* After their "rough" encounter (* snicker , snicker *) the week earlier, the dynamic between Harry and Draco drastically changed and the whole school, staff and student, took to noticing. Everyone wondered what had changed but eventually grew to accept it though some, like Ron, Hermione, and other Gryffindor and Slytherin students, took longer to convince. Since they started dating, Draco found himself quickly falling in love, and Harry must have felt the same because he soon started to properly court Draco. Even though their relationship was now in the open, some students and Umbitch especially tried to harm them but Harry protected him from it all and even got away with hexing Umbitch to Saint Mungo's as the formal laws of courting stated quite clearly that Harry had the right to do so when she had tried to curse and severely injure Draco and the Ministry, no matter how much they tried or wanted to do so, could do nothing about it and Umbitch was immediately dismissed from Hogwarts and evicted from her grounds. Harry tried his best to protect and provide for Draco but their were still times, though only once or twice in a six month period, where Draco would relapse to his old ways but Harry always straightened him out with several spanking sessions (through the never went as far as the first, the only colours Draco's ass was, was either peachy pink or a cherry red). For the most part, their relationship was one of unrelinquishing love and loyalty and no one was foolish to try anything to make it otherwise; Harry may not be able to spank everyone but everyone soon remembered why Harry was the top of DADA and the sentiment was soon clear: Draco was Harry's. '*' is a reference to Coraline, when we first meet Miss Spink and Forcible, as Miss Spink says the exact quote to silence her three dogs that had been barking at and jumping on Coraline.