Great Hall. The students were absolutely thrilled that their chances of becoming a champion increased. While the lower years were booing and disappointed with the fact that they could not compete, the seventh years' excitement drowned them out. Rose looked to Albus, wondering what he was thinking. She was surprised to find that he looked pale and almost sickly instead of excited. When they were alone, she would have to ask him if everything was alright. "Silence!" the headmaster bellowed, becoming quiet agitated with continuously being interrupted. "if you wish to eat, you will be quiet." Once more the hall fell silent. "As I was saying. There will be two champions and they must work with one another. There shall be three events but they are not to be taken lightly. For those who are chosen as champions, there will be extensions on classwork in efforts to help with preparation for each of the events. Starting tomorrow morning, you may write your name on a piece of parchment and place it in the goblet if you wish to be considered for a champion. When the competing schools arrive next month, the champions shall be decided. Now, enjoy the feast," he said with a slight smile as he waved his hand and each table was filled with a glorious amount of food. Once more the hall was alive with excitement. Rose began filling her plate with food. Lily was sitting next to her and Hugo and Albus were sitting at the table behind her. Lily seemed to be excited at the idea of the tournament, despite her not being able to enter in. Hugo shared her sentiments but it was Albus that she was most worried about. After she finished her dinner, she turned around to face Albus. Frowning, she noticed that he had hardly touched his food. "Hey, Al, are you okay?" she asked, having to poke him in the shoulder to get his attention. It was his turn to be pulled out of a daze. Looking down at his untouched plate, he sighed before looking at Rose. "I will be. I just… can't shake this feeling that something bad is going to happen. Terrible things happened the last time this event was held. I can't help but wonder if maybe, because we're related to my father, that there's a curse upon this tournament and if we enter, we're going to befall a horrible fate," he explained, his voice low and his eyes a bit glassy, almost like he was in trance. Noticing Rose's worried face, he promptly pulled himself out of it. "I guess I'm just tired." "Yeah, maybe," Rose said unconvincingly. Before long, dinner was finished and the prefects were leading the students to their common rooms. It had been a very long day but her and Albus had to check in with the headmaster before they were able to turn in. The meeting with the headmaster was very brief. However, just as they were about to leave, the headmaster had a separate errand for Rose to run. "Miss Weasley, the potions professor wishes to speak with you privately and immediately regarding your classes for the year. Apparently it could not wait until tomorrow," he said with a shake of his head. The potions master was a bit eccentric but brilliant. It was why he humored the man. "Mr. Potter, you are free to leave." Rose and Albus left the headmaster's office. Albus had wanted to escort Rose but she had insisted that she was fine. Honestly, she liked wandering the school when the halls were empty. There was a certain quietness that was almost serene. While some may have found it creepy to be in the ancient halls, she found it fascinating and even a bit comforting as she imagined all the history that the stones bore witness to. Albus begrudgingly let Rose leave but he made her promise to let him know that she had returned to her common room safely. One year for Christmas, he had purchased a pair of two-way mirrors for himself and Rose so they could keep in contact. Hers had been fitted into what looked like a makeup compact case. There was a rose inlaid on the back of the mirror. His had been fitted into the inside of the cover of a pocket watch that he kept with him. It was a gift Rose had given him in hopes that he would procrastinate less. Once she swore to keep him updated, Rose was finally released from Albus. She laughed softly to herself at the fact that he was worried about her now when it was she who had been worried about him. He really was her best friend and she was not sure what she would have done without him over the years. As soon as she felt the air change around her, she knew that she was in the dungeons. The air was damp and cool, making her feel clammy almost instantly. The sound of water dripping could be heard reverberating off of the stone walls. There was nothing cheerful or comforting about this place. The corridor was dimly lit with torch sconces that were bolted to the walls. The soft glow of the torches created long dark shadows that danced along the reflective walls and floor. All of a sudden she felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end. It felt like there was a dark presence somewhere, threatening to oppress her. A shiver coursed down her spine as her heart sped up. The hall was growing darker in the distance, racing towards her as the torches began going out one by one as the darkness approached her. Soon she was left standing alone in the darkness, the scent of extinguished flames permeating the air. A blood curdling scream pierced the air suddenly, causing Rose to quickly cover her ears and fall to her knees as she quickly became disoriented. What was going on?