any sign of Filch and Mrs Norris. "It's okay. I'll be fine." She sighed. Finally Cho saw Harry saying " Scurvy cur", the password to the common room. Moments later Cho noticed that Harry's face was full of surprise. She seriously wanted what happened during the party. " Lumos " a bright flash of light glowed from Cho's wand as she saw that only Harry's head was visible. The rest was covered by the cloak. Harry started before Cho could even move her mouth. "Wooow… Never thought Ron would kiss Lavender Brown." As she heard the word that came out of his mouth, Cho had lost her in thought. She didn't even blink for few moments. "He's not that kind of a boy, you know. Everyone knows it!" said Cho. While the most attention was focused on Ron, she immediately decided to change the subject of the conversation. Neither did Harry. "So, what shall we do this evening?" he asked as together they made their way to the Room of Requirements. "I want to practice my spells. The spells that you taught me last year." whispered Cho. It has been almost a year since there wasn't any need of the D.A anymore. She had forgotten almost how to stun. "I could teach you new spells and hexes, if you wish." said Harry as he threw on the cloak over Cho and himself, making it impossible to see from around them. "I would love to, but after we finish practicing." They both agreed as a tiny smile appeared on Cho's face. Once they had arrived at the Room of Requirements, Cho carefully removed the invisibility cloak. She calmed herself in order to produce powerful charms. The room was much more different than the last time Cho had visited. Most of the stuff were deserted and some west side mirrors and walls were fractured. It wasn't like she had remembered since the last D.A meeting when her ex-bestfriend Marrietta betrayed and reported abou the secret meeting that were once believed to be standing against the ministry of Magic. Both Cho and Harry used the mending charm fix everything in the room. " REPARO" shouted both of them at the exact same time. Everything turned to their proper shape and place. Even the dust and the cobwebs were gone while the candles and the chandeliers started to light up the room. "Okay." Harry said with a slight cough, calling her to be ready. "First, lets try it from the first. Try to disarm the puppet." As he told to Cho to us the disarming charm, she pointed her wand to the "death eater" puppet. " Expelliarmus" she shouted. A scarlet colored flash glowed form the point of her wand as the opponent's wand flew out into the air. As the time went by, Cho's spell attempts were successful. Spell after spell, charm after charm, she relearned everything Harry taught. After two hours of practicing, Cho came to the final and most challenging charm. The patronus charm. "Remember, think about your happiest memory!" said Harry. Cho nodded. And again she took her time to calm herself and few moments late she pointed her wand into the air. "You know the basics, right?" she nodded again. "Then what're you waiting for? I'm barely holding myself to watch your demonstration. The last sentence made them burst out of laugh. " EXPECTO PATRONUM " she shouted but only a tiny silver flash appeared on the edge of her wand. Cho knew she can't do it on the first try. No one did it before, unless you're an extremely powerful wizard like Albus Dumbledore. She regained her concentration and shouted again " EXPECTO PATRONUM" Opening her eyes, she looked to see the big beautiful glowing swan floating in the air above her. "Ohhh… It's still so beautiful." added Cho. Somehow the was a lot different than the one from the past. Its size was much more bigger and more aggressive. "But why is it different than last year's?" she asked with a slightly confused face. Harry noticed that she was biting her bottom lip. "It means your memory is more powerful. They often change physically and mentally. But sometimes it is a pretty rare coincidence to change their form." explained Harry as a shade of smile formed on Cho's face. "I thought about the moment that we spent on Gruinard Bay during your birthday." She told him. "Me too." Harry said breathlessly in return. Silence again. It was quite obvious to both of them that they didn't speak words of they didn't have to. Their eyes and body language were enough to tell how they were feeling. After moments of chatting they left the Room of Requirements, taking their sweet with every step they made through the hallways toward the Ravenclaw tower. To get to the Ravenclaw tower, they had to cut past the entrance to the great hall. As they did son, they noticed that there were lights and echoes of footsteps peeking through the crack open of the door frame. Every few moments they would steal a glances at one another, widening their smiles each time they look at each other. No words were needed to be spoken. As they went up the spiral staircase that leads to the Ravenclaw common room, Cho slipped out of the Invisibility cloak , looked around to see if there was anyone coming, and made her way into the common room. Just before turning the corner up the stairs, she turned back to take one last look at Harry, even though he was under the invisibility cloak. "Bye, Harry. Goodnight." Whispered Cho. "Goodnight, Cho. See you later!" Harry whispered back from under the cloak. She was quite sure that he would not take off for Gryffindor tower she was no longer within his sight. A smile formed on her lips as she waved. Feeling satisfied that he saw the wave and was perhaps even waving back, she went in. 10