softly. All of the students heard and remained silent for the remainder of class as their teacher slumped in his chair, his head hung. At the end of the lesson, one of the students hesitantly tried to approach him, only to discover that he'd actually fallen asleep at some point. Rumours about what had happened in Draco's last class were spreading like fiendfyre at lunch, but of course both teachers were absent, as they had been the entire school year. Neville was also noticeably absent, and several students speculated that he might be involved with whatever had happened earlier. Winter holidays were starting at the end of the week and the students were already excitable, so the new additions to the rumour mill simply fueled their fervor. A few particularly curious Fifth Years who had been in the interrupted class, left lunch early to investigate the hospital wing in hopes that there may be hints of what Professor Potter had been talking about. As they were climbing the stairs, they heard a soft voice. They quietly continued down the corridor until they saw Draco pacing back and forth in front of the infirmary doors holding- a baby? He was bouncing it gently and cooing to it. "Pretty, pretty, what a pretty Lily Flower you are, huh? You'll be nice and smart like me, won't you?" The baby was large, maybe a year and a half, and she babbled nonsense noises briefly before, "Papa." "Mhmm," Draco answered the baby, still bouncing her on his hip and smiling. "Dada?" she asked, vaguely making reaching grabby hands. "He'll be back shortly, he's talking to Uncle Neville. They're doing weird things with plants to find something to fix you permanently, and I certainly don't trust that around you." "You talk to her as if she can understand all of that," Harry emerged from the infirmary with Neville behind him. Draco looked over at Harry with the same soft eyes he'd always had for Harry since that first year of teaching. Much to Neville's secret contentment. "I'll have you know she is already quite intelligent. Clearly nothing like you, isn't that right Lils?" Neville spotted the three Fifth Years lurking down the hall and cleared his throat. "Students," he warned Draco and Harry, who both looked up as if they had forgotten that the rest of the world existed. The students just stood there until Harry finally said something to break the silence. "Erm. Hi." "You have a /baby/," one of the Gryffindors said incredulously. "Yes, I would've thought that apparent," Draco stated acerbically. Harry grinned and leaned over to whisper to Neville. "A-/parent/. Ha, appropriate." Draco briefly glanced back to glare at him. "But, where has she /been/?" another student asked. "Well, we smuggled her in - don't tell Minnie - and we usually just lock her in a broom closet. Or leave her in the forest sometimes. What do you think?" "/Draco/," Harry warned him before turning back to the students, "Madam Pomfrey looks after Lily in her office when we're in classes, otherwise she's with us in our room." "But how did you keep that from us? I mean, you guys can't hide /anything/." Draco rolled his eyes. "Oh come on, we aren't /that/ oblivious. You may have heard stories but, contrary to popular belief, we knew /exactly/ what we were doing, we just didn't care. We would've been up front from the very beginning if all of the students hadn't decided they were bloody detectives." "Draco! You can't swear in front of students!" "What're they going to do? Tell Minnie?" "Please don't tell Minerva," Harry asked the students quickly, "he's very tired." Neville finally stepped forward and herded the Fifth Years off and Harry turned to Draco. "Go get some sleep Draco, darling, I'll wake you up at the end of your free period." "Okay, thank you, here take Lily." He handed her over and gave Harry a grateful kiss. Harry woke him up gently by stroking his hair and kissing his nose lightly so it tickled. Draco wrinkled it and sniffed. "You brought me tea?" Harry had, indeed, come armed with a large mug full of strong English Breakfast Tea, as per Draco's preference. Draco smiled. "You're my favorite person, you know that?" "I believe I have heard that before, yes." "Good." Draco paused as he sipped his tea. "I'm really glad that we finally got Lily. I love having a family with you." "Me too, having Lily just makes me so happy all of the time. I love you so much Draco." "I love you too. Time for class? Ugh, everybody's going to be asking about her." "Time for class." _ Notes: This is it. I really enjoyed writing this fic! It was worth all 59 hours I spent writing. And I'm incredibly proud that I wrote it in five days. I'm aware there are some small typos and I will be going back to fix them this weekend. You guys are also incredibly kind commenters, and really, I can't thank you enough for reading it. I hope you enjoyed it at least half as much as I did. If anyone was wondering what the prompt actually was: Imagine Harry and Draco as teachers and competing against each other to be more popular and get more end of year gifts. - Omg and imagine at the end of the year their students get them one really big gift And they're like what are you guys doing how are we supposed to split this And their students are like ?what? Don't u guys go home together at the end of the year And Harry and Draco are like what in the heck n o And it turns out that the students have always thought that they had a thing for each other and were dating Harry and Draco just flush r e d (The first part is by remusmoonyblack-lupin on Tumblr, and the second part is by dr-aco on Tumblr).