spun, revealing a spiral staircase. "Headmaster," Minerva said. "I see you've redecorated." " I thought this door could use a Griffin," Dumbledore replied, looking at her expectantly. When she didn't respond, he continued, "So it's a Griffin-Door." Minerva continued to stare at him. "Get it?" " Unfortunately." Dumbledore laughed. "Well, come up, come up. The password is 'Treacle Tart.'" Minerva stood in front of the Griffin again, planning to enter the office for the first time since Dumbledore had been gone. By tradition, this should be her office now, though Minerva hadn't decided whether she wanted to use it. She could always just keep her office near Gryffindor Tower - it wasn't like Hogwarts ever ran out of space, after all. But in any case, she would need to access all of the records housed in the Headmaster's office if she wanted to keep any sense of continuity among her staff. Harry Potter had accessed this office during the Battle - he had told her of his breaking in to use the Pensieve. Minerva took a deep breath. "Dumbledore," she said, calling out the password Harry had used, bracing herself for the task of entering the office. Nothing happened - the Griffin didn't turn, the stairs didn't groan with the burden of rotating. She tried it again. And again. Still nothing. Minerva turned away from the Griffin with a mixture of anxiety and relief. May 21st "It looks like we have an inventory of the damage," Kingsley said, surveying the front hall again. He looked over at Auror Quintin, who was taking notes on a sheaf of parchment. "I'm sure we're not the first item on your priority list," Minerva said. "Don't you have some Death Eaters to round up?" Kingsley snorted. "We're working on that to be sure. But the school is important to everyone. We only have until September 1st, and children are coming back here. I think everyone would feel better if the castle was in good repair." Minerva understood that. Even from Kingsley's position - as chief auror, and if Minerva's hunches were correct, as a Minister of Magic candidate - she understood the importance of Hogwarts as a symbol in their world. After all that happened, people would need something to look forward to. But whether opening Hogwarts in even decent repair was a possibility remained to be seen. "While you're here," Minerva said, "Would you mind taking a look at something?" "Of course," Kingsley said, following her up the staircases, not saying anything when she took a wrong turn, forgetting for the thousandth time that the pattern of the castle had changed. Minerva stopped in front of Dumbledore's - Snape's - the Headmistress's office. "We can't seem to get into the Headmaster's Office," she said, indicating the Griffin, which still appeared undamaged. "Do we know a password?" Quintin asked, examining the Griffin, writing notes on the parchment. "Harry Potter was able to access it. He said the password was 'Dumbledore.'" Both Shacklebolt and Quintin stared at the Griffin as she said it. Once again, it didn't move. They both tried it themselves with no success. "Well, shit," Shacklebolt sighed. "I only have one guess, and I have to admit it's a long shot." "I'll take it," Minerva said immediately. "When did Potter try to access it?" "Right after he talked to Snape." Shacklebolt and Quintin nodded. Somewhere in all of this, they must have heard the battle from Harry's perspective. "That may be it," Shacklebolt said. "Snape may have charmed the Griffin to recognize Harry's voice. From what Potter told me, he guessed the password - that leaves a lot to chance, especially for Snape. My wager is that if Potter had come up here and groaned, he would have been able to get in." "So what do we do?" Minerva asked. "I think the best - and least destructive - thing to do would be to bring Potter over here." May 26th Minerva didn't think she'd ever seen Harry Potter look tired. When she thought of him, she automatically conjured up the sly looks he and Ron Weasley wore when they were up to another scheme. But now, he looked tired. Not sad, really. Just exhausted. He had greeted her only perfunctorily on his way up the stairs, then stood in front of the Griffin blocking the entrance to Dumbledore's office. Minerva held her breath and waited, hoping. Hoping for what, she wasn't sure. Getting into the office was a necessity, of course it was, but then she'd be in it. She'd have to sort through years of Dumbledore's and Snape's things and try to decide whether she wanted to establish herself as the owner of the office. The thought itself drained her of the little energy she had. Harry drew himself up, faced the Griffin, and said "Dumbledore" boldly. Nothing happened. "Open," he tried. Still nothing. He turned to Minerva and shrugged. "I don't know, Professor." "It's alright, Harry," she found herself saying. "Thank you for trying." Harry let himself out, and Minerva trudged back to her office, wondering. How were they going to get in? She briefly considered and discounted a use of force - a reducto aimed at the Griffin - because she couldn't bear the thought. The castle had been through enough. There was no need to explode the statue Dumbledore had personally installed. Back in her office, Minerva tossed some powder into the fireplace and muttered "Auror Quintin's Office." After a moment, Calliope Quintin's face appeared in the flames. "Any luck?" she asked without pretense. "I'm afraid not. It didn't work for Potter - either his voice or the password he remembers." "Hmm…" Quintin considered for a moment. "The spell was either extremely short-term, or it died with Snape." "What's next, then?" Minerva asked. "What does this mean?" "Normally, it would mean that we would revert to the earlier password," Quintin said, confirming what had been in Minerva's mind. "Do you have any idea what it could be?"