said Harry and completely demolished the door. As he passed what appeared to be a door once, he saw giant chess. 'Old cat I bet' he went closer 'Bombarda Maxima, Reducto, Solvite, Exinanite, Debellaturus' leaving nothing, but rubble behind. He entered the next room. Potions were next challenge, but actually potions had nothing to do with challenge, this was more logical task than potion knowledge. Harry solved it without problems as he entered the room he saw Professor Q standing in front of mirror of Erised and staring, talking to himself. Harry noticed unconscious Draco lying on the floor. "Let him go! Now! "Demanded Harry pointing his wand at Quirrel. "Let me show you something Mr. Potter" said Q and removed turban from his head revealing monstrous face with crimson bloody red eyes. Harry knew only one man with such eyes "Voldemort" gasped Harry in shock. "You may think I'm here to hurt you Potter and as weird and unbelievable it sound, I mean you no harm. All I want is the stone and if you get it for me, I promise you not a single hair will fall from your blonde B.F.F." said Voldemort "Say somehow I manage to get you stone, why I should give it to you? You want to kill me more than anything" said Harry surprised and proud that he found voice to speak after looking right at that monster "I already said Harry I mean you no harm, soon you will understand why. Stand right here and get me the stone and your friend shall remain untouched" Harry swallowed hard and did as he was told. After looking in the mirror he saw himself pocketing Philosopher's stone instead of his parents. He took out a stone and was about to give it to Voldemort when he told him. "You don't need Quirrel's body anymore do you?" Voldemort smiled "No I don't" "Then leave his body, I'll create fake decoy of stone and smash it holding in my hands I will 'pass out', but before that I'll kill Quirrel and then destroy the mirror, I'm sure you know the spell to teleport this stone to safe location" said Harry "Lord Voldemort was pleasantly surprised by Harry's wisdom, but he's Slytherin after all" Philosopher's stone vanished from Harry's hand and Voldemort left Quirrel's body leaving it breathless on the floor. Harry shot Reducto to mirror smashing it; afterwards he conjured the fake stone and smashed it. He dropped the smashed stone near Quirrel's hand and casted on him sleeping spell. He woke up in hospital wing near the Draco's bed. "Draco are you alright?" asked Harry "Yeah I'm fine just a little headache, what happened yesterday I was going upstairs when someone smacked me in the head" Harry nodded "It was Quirrel, He kidnapped you and threatened to kill you if I won't give him the stone" "And?" interrupted Draco "Well I gave him the stone, and set up everything, so it would seem like stone was destroyed and Quirrel, well dead" Draco gasped "Harry, you gave him the stone for me?" Harry nodded slightly smiling "Yes I did. I couldn't let him hurt my best friend, could I?" smirked Harry. "Thank you Harry" "Anytime" replied Harry. "Harry you know you remind me of my brother" said Draco sadly "You have a brother?" asked Harry amazed "I had one when I was 3 but someone kidnapped him, what I want to say is he probably would act exactly like you. What you did for me there thank you again" Harry gave him sad smile "I'm sorry to hear that Drac, and thank you, I think of you the same way". Dumbledore with Snape entered the room and rushed to Harry and Draco. "Mr. Potter what happened yesterday, mind an explanation?" Snapped Snape "Quirrel kidnapped my best friend confirming my suspicions on him, I noticed that his stutter was fake Professor and I knew he was the one who jinxed my broom" Harry went on "Headmaster left and I knew that Professor Q would never let go this opportunity so I went after him. Challenges down there was quite tricky, sir though I liked yours Professor Snape" Harry gave him a shy smile, Severus didn't gave a look but he was proud of his challenge himself. "So I went and saw professor staring into the mirror of Erised, then I noticed unconscious Draco on the floor and I knew I had to act fast. I shot full body-binding spell and Reducto at Quirrel he was pushed back into the mirror breaking it, it was too late when I noticed that he was dead in his hand he held broken red crystal sir, when he died black smoke emerged from him and went through me, I passed out. That's all I remember sir, I swear" Professors looked at Harry for a second then Dumbledore broke the silence "Well Mister Potter for showing courage and facing danger to save your friend, I award Slytherin 50 points" smiled Dumbledore faintly and left the infirmary Severus smiled at boys and left as well. They stayed there for night and unfortunately missed the awarding ceremony, as they later found out Slytherin won the Quidditch cup as well as House Cup. Not like they doubted it. Later at train station friends were parting, Draco and Harry goodbye-ing with Pansy, Blaise, Tracey, Daphne, Crabbe, Goyle and Theodor Nott. "I wish summer flies faster, I really don't want to live with those muggles, Dumbledore so stubbornly calls 'my family'" said harry to Draco who nodded in understanding. "I'll ask father maybe he can do something about it. Take you away or something". They sat in their compartments and were spending their last hours of joy together. "Goodbye guys, I'll send Umbra to deliver messages, you owl me to ok?" Asked Harry with sadness and excitement "Sure thing Harry, we will miss you, Take care" said one of the friends and they all hugged before leaving.