mate. I just...I can't believe they did this to him", James said, his eyes scanning at Remus. Remus watched them nonplussed. They knew what he was, so why on earth had they helped him? Why did they still care. "Can you walk?" James asked after a while. "I-I guess so", he muttered and pushed himself carefully to his feet. His stomach ached as he felt dizzy and started wobbling, but just when he felt like collapsing to ground again, he felt four strong arms catching him. "The next time I see those four, I swear that I will kick their hideous Pure-Blood Slythering asses!" Sirius shouted furiously as he and James put Remus' arms around their shoulders. "No, it's alright Sirius", Remus said as he tried to focus on his steps. "What?! What's up with you lately, Remus?! First you say that you are sorry for being a werewolf and now you're saying that those Slytherings beating you up is alright?!" James asked stunned. "Why are you even still helping me?" Remus asked weakly. He was starting to have a headache and the many questions on his his mind weren't making him feel better. "That's a joke right?!" James laughed but stopped when he saw the pained and confused expression on Remus' tired face, "You serious?" "No, I'm Sirius." "Sirius, now's really not the time." "Sorry..." James rolled his eyes and turned back to Remus, "So as I was saying...are you really serious?" Remus hesitated a moment before nodding slowly. "We are your friends Remus! That's what friends do!" James shouted scandalizised. Peter nodded reassuringly. "You would have done the same for us!" Sirius said as they reached the door to the Hospital Wing. It was true. He would have done the same. "So you...you are not afraid of..." He muttered, but before he could end his sentense, the school matron, Madam Pomfey, came running to them. "Oh, dear! What happened!?" She asked as she fushed over to examinate Remus' injuries. "Slytherings happened", Sirius answered bitterly and a bit out of breath for carrying Remus. "Slythe...wait, what?! Students did this?! What happened? Does the Headmaster know about this?!" She asked incrediously. "Yeah, professor McGonagall took the idiots to professor Dumbledore's office when she found us", James said bluntly. "Very well then", the matron said, looking satisfied enough," Put Mr. Lupin down on the bed, you two. Carefully! I will be right back to check on the wounds." And with that she disappeared out of her the Hospital Wing, muttering something about healing potions and professor Slughorn. James and Sirius helped Remus to lay down on the bed while Peter brought three white chairs next to it. When Remus was finally laying down, James and Sirius sat with Peter and the three of them stared at him intendly. "W-what?" Remus asked after a minute when he couldn't take the tension anymore. He was so confused. Didn't they understand what a werewolf meant? Or was this a part of some act? Was this a prank? "Nothing...it's just that...mate, you look terrible", Sirius said, failing to grin. "Why did you run?" James asked suddenly, "And why did you apologize?" Remus looked down at his lap and felt his cheeks flush. "I just...I just couldn't bear to hear what you were going to say", he whispered quietly looking at the red marks on his robes. "And what exactly were we going to say?" James asked raising an eyebrow. "To leave you alone of course", he said simply, "I mean, who would ever want to be friends with a monster like me?" They stared at him for a minute with their mouths open before they suddenly bursted out laughing. "What!?" Peter exclaimed. "That's the most stupid thing I've heard all day! Even through we talked with the Slytherings", James laughed. "But... aren't you... aren't you afraid that I would hurt you?" Remus asked completely dumbfounded. Their reactions were certainly not what he had expected. "I'm sorry Remus, but you couldn't scare the hell out of me even if you wanted to. So shut up and accept that we will still hang out with you, wanted it or not", Sirius grinned and patted him carefully on the shoulder. "I...I don't know what to say. I...?" Now he was complitely speechless. They were laughing about his Lycanthropy. Not shunning him or looking at him with disgust, but...laughing? "You don't have to say anything, Rem", James said. His laughing had died and he looked at him with a soft look, "Just...just know that we really don't care if you're a werewolf or a vampire or even a bloody hippogriff. You are still the same clever, funny, calm, amazing, chocoholic, book-loving Remus that we love and not even a furry little problem can change that." "James is right", Peter said nodding. "Yes, and don't you call yourself a monster ever again Remus", Sirius warned. His grin had also died out and his stormy grey eyes were looking strictly into Remus' green ones. "You are probably the nicest and purest person I've ever met, so don't you dare to call yourself that again. Understand?" Remus looked at all of them with wide astonished eyes before his face slowly softened into a genuine smile. He let everything that he just heard to sink in. They wanted him. They knew what he was and they truly wanted him. He nodded to Sirius and as the three boys grinned brightly back at him, he felt something warm spreading on his chest. Something that he hadn't felt in a very, very long time. And then the tears came falling down. He felt them falling slowly and warmly agains his bloodied cheeks, but this time he didn't wipe them away. In fact, they felt welcome. Because this time they were not from the pain or loneliness or desperation. This time, for the first time in his short and miserable life, they were tears of joy . Thank you so much for reading! And please review!