Sirius closed his eyes. Bugger. The next thing he knew, Sirius was sitting next to Mrs. Potter in the parlor off the kitchen, eyeing the quill that was drifting over the strip of parchment that hung in the air as it waited to be inked with the remainder of Mrs. Potter's grocery list. But he wasn't quite listening to her muttering—mostly to herself—about kidney beans and potatoes. His ears were straining to hear the massive telling off that was probably taking place in the dining room. James never quite knew when to quit. Sirius listened for a long time, but all he heard was the chirping of the birds outside of the parlor window and the scratching of the grocery-list quill. "…requests, dear?" "Hm?" Sirius shook the cobwebs out of his brain as his eyes came to focus on the quill's feather, twitching expectantly. "Oh—sorry. No, thank you. I'm fine." "James will be sure to add at least a dozen Pumpkin Pasties to the list before Vera delivers this to the market." A warm smile. "Had his fill on the train ride home, I'm sure—he gets one ." The sternness didn't fit her face one bit. "Would you like one as well?" After a moment, Sirius found it quite easy to smile back at her. She wore her hair loser than his own mother did. "I like those. Thank you." She patted his cheek. "That's a dear." Sirius' eyes were just beginning to grow bored of watching the quill dance across the parchment when he caught sight of James being steered into the parlor by his shoulders. By the look on Mr. Potter's face, it was clear that his earlier fear of being late had just come true. He abandoned his hold on James, who promptly stuffed his hands into the pockets of his trousers, and crossed the room to kiss his wife on the cheek. "Be good, boys," Mr. Potter said, squeezing James' shoulder as he strolled past and lifted his umbrella from the hook. James nodded toward the ground. "Yes, sir." "Yes, sir," Sirius followed up. With James tracing patterns in the carpet with his toe like that, he figured a second affirmation couldn't hurt. As soon as the flames died down in the Floo, with Mr. Potter on his way to the Ministry of Magic, James made a dash for the stairs; stopping at the landing, he gestured upwards with his eyebrows, then his head. Sirius glanced to his right—Mrs. Potter was busy adding to her list. He flicked his eyes back towards the stairs just in time to see James forcing himself to go cross-eyed and stick his tongue out, which, like many faces James made, told Sirius nothing about anything, but made him smile all the same. He pushed up out of his parlor chair and followed James to his bedroom. "You're a right git," Sirius told James as he flopped back onto his pillows. "If you were my son, I'd throttle you. What'd you go and make him all cross for?" Folding his stack of pillows in half and shoving them under his arms as he lay on his stomach, James sniffed. "You wouldn't either," he disagreed. "And besides, that isn't cross." "Whatever you say, mate," Sirius said, balancing a pillow one-handed above his head. "I think you're in for it—that was definitely a fourth-letter look he gave you." Sirius got a face-full of one of James' tatty, flat pillows before he jumped onto Sirius' feet and tried to whack Sirius with the pillow he was holding. "Leave off, Potter." Sirius shoved James back toward the foot of his bed. "Right," James began, once they'd settled down again. "Well, at any rate, I'm supposed to apologize to you for—" He brought his eyes up to the ceiling, remembering—quoting. "Ah, that's it," he said with a snap. "For 'lacking decorum whilst among our guest'…and being a prat." James sat back and smirked. Sirius blinked at him. "Your dad said that ?" "No," James admitted. "Probably thinking it, I suppose. But about the apology, yes." Never in Sirius' life had someone been made to apologize to him, for next to nothing, by a parent . Either James was taking the piss—more than possible—or Mr. Potter was unlike any grownup he'd ever met. Sirius had been made to apologize to his mother before. And to Regulus. And to Kreacher, even. The bloody house elf. Who did that? "My deepest regrets," James continued, the grin on his face sliding from amused to cheeky in a matter of seconds. "You'll forgive me, won't you?" "I'll smother you with that pillow if you don't stop with the wanker bit." "Oy," James frowned, feigning outrage. "Who needs to apologize now? You're worse than Peter, you are." "Your mum's calling you…" "Nice one." "No," Sirius said. "Really—she is. Listen." They listened. Sirius was right. Sighing, James stared at the closed door. "She'll keep; let's check on Remus again." "You go on," Sirius suggested, leaning over and feeling around underneath his bed for his mirror. "I'll see if he answers." "Why you?" "You can't afford any more apologies," Sirius said earnestly. "You're rubbish at them." " You're rubbish…" Sirius dodged another flying pillow. "Go, mate; your mum is actually pleasant." Already finding the floor with his feet, James shrugged. "Yeah. I suppose." "She's getting us pasties." "Oy!" James hurried now, swinging himself into the corridor by the doorframe. "And bubblegum—Droobles—I'll have her add that." Listening to James' feet thud down the stairs, Sirius held onto his mirror with one hand and his wand with the other. This time he didn't hear anything but clicks and shuffling. The face of the mirror stayed black. TBC… Author's Note : Well, this is one of those stories that I've had in my head for months and months, and I just had to get it out before I wrote anything further on my other stories. Hope you enjoyed this one! The next part will be up soon!