so much about having sex the first time?" "My mother bought me a muggle book that explained everything;" she said "and then she answered all my questions after I read it. She knows I'm almost fourteen now and I did tell her I fancied you for some time. I think she knew I was planning on having sex with you this year. Now are we going to do it or not?" Ron rewet his dick and again positioned its head at her opening. She still had her legs lifted and she again grasped his dick to guide him. As confident as she was that she wouldn't have any pain she still winced at the anticipation of what they were about to do as he pushed the head in. He pushed more and penetrated a little deeper. She wasn't in pain and his shaft was now part way in. He could feel the walls of her cunny; she was so tight he wasn't sure he could go further without it hurting her until she spoke. "It's okay," she said "I'm alright; keep pushing." He looked at her and she just nodded so he pushed again and he was now all the way in, he felt his pubic hair against hers. Hermione smiled at him and said, "I'm fine; let's make love now." Ron pulled back, almost all the way out, and then pushed in again. She was still very tight around him but he slid in more easily. Slowly he moved in and out and Hermione's face began to take on a look of great pleasure. She began to moan again with a sound of contentment; almost like a cat purring. Now her hips began to rock in rhythm with him. He picked up speed as he felt his climax building and Hermione kept pace so their hips were slamming together. Then Ron felt the throbbing and his muscles contracted as he rammed his dick into her as deeply as he could while over and over he shot his sperm into Hermione's throbbing cunny. Her cunny contracted around him as if trying to squeeze the last drop of his sperm into her. As they pounded together she could feel another orgasm building like when Ron had fingered her a few minutes ago and the feeling of his hot sperm on her inner walls triggered it. She jerked her hips as she called out loud, "Oh god, oh god, Ron don't stop." He continued to penetrate her until, when her orgasm faded; she wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him tightly against her. They lay like that for several minutes kissing as they caught their breath. She couldn't believe how good her orgasm made her feel; a thousand times better than masturbating. She wanted to do it again and again. She knew she wanted sex with Ron every chance they got; she was in love. Finally, Hermione told him, "That was wonderful, I never thought I could feel so good. I want do it again; but first I would like to ask you something if you don't mind." "I'd rather have sex again;" he said "but sure if you want to talk okay. So are you worried about how Harry is going to handle this run in with Tom Riddle?" "I don't want to talk about Harry;" Hermione said "I want to talk about us, about how we feel about each other." Ron looked oddly at her and said, "We fancy each other, right?" "Yes," she said "but why do you fancy me? I fancy you because you're brave like I said earlier. But you're also cute; I told Ginny I thought you were cute from the first moment I saw you on the train sitting with Harry. When I told you that you had dirt on your nose you looked so annoyed at me." "You told Ginny you fancy me?" Ron asked. "When did that happen?" "In the hospital wing last week after I revived from being petrified;" Hermione said "she asked me if I fancied Harry and I told her no; I fancied you. We had a long talk about what happened and then she said she was going to tell Harry she fancied him; and I said I was going to tell you." "Tell me Ginny fancied Harry?" Ron said. "I knew that for more than two years; but she's too shy to tell him." "No," Hermione said as she took a deep breath "I told her I was going to tell you that I fancied you. And Ginny's not to shy any more. Being possessed gave her courage; at least that's what she said; courage to tell Harry her feelings. I sort of understand, because being petrified gave me the courage to tell you how I feel; and to do what we just did. Now you tell me why you fancy me." "Ron hesitated before saying, "Gee Hermione you're the prettiest girl in Hogwarts; and the smartest. And you're brave too like I said before. What boy wouldn't fancy you?" "Oh Ron, you're so sweet." she said and pulled him into another kiss. They continued kissing and hugging, until Ron became hard and penetrated her again. After another terrific orgasm, Hermione snuggled against Ron until finally she said, "Harry will be coming back soon; and we have to get our clothes on." "Right," Ron said, "we better straighten ourselves up before he gets here. I don't mind him seeing us kiss but I think seeing us like this might traumatize him since he's still a virgin." As they cleaned up and dressed Ron said, "Maybe you can come to the Burrow over the summer for a visit and we can be together like this all the time." "That would be wonderful;" Hermione said "or maybe you could visit me at my house. I've told my parents all about you and they would love to meet you." Just then there were three rapid knocks on the door.