take sitting in the hall by myself, and headed back up to the DADA classroom, my essay in hand. Though I was early, I knocked on the office door anyway. "Come in," Umbridge called in her sickly sweet voice that reminded me of the gross red medicine I was forced to take when I was ill as a child. I blinked. Her entire office was pink…and frilly. I nearly jumped out of my boots when a cat meowed in my ear. I focused on my professor. "Hi, Professor Umbridge…I know I'm early, but I just wanted to give you this essay. It's an apology. For my drawing. I just wanted you to know that it was very out of character for me. I've never gotten a detention before, and I promise that it will never happen again," I burst out nervously, handing her the parchment. "How nice of you." Her pink nails enclosed the essay and she placed it down neatly on her desk. "You may take a seat. Once Misters Jordan and Weasley are here, we will begin." Awkwardly, I sat down in a lacy, white chair in front of her desk, occupying myself with Jem, Scout, and Atticus until the others arrived, at which point parchment and quills were placed in front of the four of us. "Each of you will write, 'I must not disturb the class,'" she insisted, settling herself primly in her seat. I picked up my quill and examined it for a moment. "How many times would you like us to write the line, Professor?" Her blue eyes fixated on me. I didn't like the way she was smiling. "You will write it until the message sinks in." "Won't we be needing ink?" Lee piped in. Umbridge gave another wide smile. "Oh no, Mr. Jordan. I have special quills that don't require any." Whatever that meant. With a muffled yawn, I picked up the quill in front of me and began to write. As I got to the word disturb, the tingling sensation I felt in my left hand turned to a burning feeling, and I immediately dropped the quill back on the desk. "Is there a problem Miss Turner?" I glanced sideways at George. He cocked his head to the side and mouthed, 'you okay?' Feeling Umbridge's watchful gaze, I nodded slowly and began writing again. I heard Lee let out a small gasp, and a look of realization came over the twin's faces. Gritting my teeth, I forced myself to finish my first line and begin the next. My left hand was turning bright red. I could hardly concentrate on the words. My hand felt like it was on fire. The reason this quill didn't need ink was because it used blood. My blood. Fred's blood. The blood of whomever was writing with it. This had to be illegal. If the other professors knew, would they disallow it? Would Umbridge get in trouble? Or would I simply get another detention? My strategy was to write the line as quickly as possible, but then I remembered that there was no set limit to the detention and I could be writing all night. At that point, I began writing slowly, which was almost worse. I followed George's lead and wrote like I typically did, at a steady, neat pace. The clock on the wall had a cat tail that wagged as every second passed. I could feel the eyes of the animals on the wall watching us. I had a feeling that if they could, they would be laughing at us. After an hour, I felt like I couldn't write another line. I bit back tears and my hand wavered. George's foot gently stepped on mine, and I forced myself to keep writing. I had a feeling that if one of us stopped, Umbridge would keep us here longer as punishment. To make matters worse, there was a newspaper clip from the Daily Prophet on her desk about the Tri-Wizard Tournament and Cedric's death. My heart felt like it was clenched in an iron vice, and I chewed on my lip so viciously that I drew blood. Great. Now I was bleeding in two places. Finally, at 9:45, she told us to place our quills down. I barely restrained myself from chucking mine at her as she collected all of our papers. George's by far had the most lines. Lee's had the least. "You may go. I trust that none of you will be back in this office writing lines?" For the second time that day I felt like I was going to be sick. "No ma'am," I managed to speak, and backed out of the office. I accidentally brushed my hand up against a desk and cried out, clutching it to my chest. "Shit." "Are you all right?" George asked, jogging over. I stared at him. "Er, okay, obviously you're not. Can I help you with your hand?" He ran his good hand through his red hair so it stuck up all over the place. I stared at him some more. "Do you know any healing spells?" "Well, no," he admitted. "Then no." I began walking again. He caught up to me once more. "Look, I just wanted to apologize. I know this was my fault. I'm sorry." "It's fine," I tried to say, but my voice caught. "Oh Merlin, are you crying? I'm so sorry, I didn't mean-" he rambled, looking alarmed. I swallowed. "It's not you," I managed. "It's just the bleeding, and she had that stupid article about Cedric on her desk…" I hated the look he was giving me. Immediately my expression disappeared and I brushed past him, heading back to my common room. This time he didn't catch up with me. A/N: This is my new George Weasley/OC story! It's set during OoTP but is slightly AU. If you liked it (and even if you didn't) please feel free to drop a review and share your thoughts! 3