you may have made an enemy or two in your Herbology class." "But how?" Remus asked. "It wasn't assigned seating. If we were targeted specifically the prankster would have had to have been in the room, heard our seating called out, and ran over to prank us right then and there. We would have seen them." "Indeed curious." Dumbledore said. "Chance then. A stroke of badluck." "Three friends?" James started with determination. "All Gryffindors?All pranked at the exact same time in a room that was half Ravenclaw? And it was Blackthorn again…..remember Hogsmeade earlier this year?" "Very strange odds indeed. We've still yet to figure the riddle of the Hogsmeade incident out." Dumbledore said. "But invisible blackthorn in the backside?….that's a new one entirely. Don't see many new ones myself. Good luck with your recovery." He left the boys to rest and most likely plot their revenge. Dumbeldore seemed to lose interest immediately once he had figured out that the incident was most likely just another schoolboy prank. It wasn't a normal year at Hogwarts if there weren't a few injuries from end of term pranks. ~ "So what are your plans for the summer Regulus?" Erika asked as her and Regulus were exploring the halls on the last day of school. They had been back for a week and were all set to depart for summer break. "Snape said I could go and stay with him at Cokesworth but his mother sent an owl saying that she met a young man named Kevin and she has run off with him and his band? We would be alone with his muggle father… I don't see that as a good option." ~ "He can't be left alone in that house." Regulus said. "You two are coming to stay with me. I want you to meet Kreacher anyway…you can tell me if you think our House Elves are similar…or even distance cousins like we are. Ok?" ~ "Sounds great!" Erika hugged Regulus tight. "Maybe Kreacher can get word to Kasha and let my family…" ~ "We've talked about this." Regulus said pulling away from her. "They have to think you are dead. Who knows what Voldemort would do to them? If he can't have your power he might try and draw you out of hiding by torturing them. Better to leave that one alone for awhile." No matter how many times they talked about it Erika had not come to terms with her 'death' yet. Back in Russia and at the Durmstrang Institute she was being mourned and honored as a competitor despite being disqualified. According to the Daily Prophet Erika Dolohov died in a terrible accident right after the expedition. "Mr. Black." Dumbledore said to Regulus as he came around the corner. "I was moved by your speech. Moved in the wrong direction but moved none-the-less." "I apologize sir." Regulus said being polite. "No offense was meant to be taken by the staff." "I'm aware of your intentions." Dumbledore said. "Boys will be boys…..or at least according to Aberforth they will. I believe you've had a chance encounter with my less fortunate brother?" "He seemed pretty content to me." Regulus said in defense of Aberforth. "If mediocrity is your goal…then yes." Dumbledore said. "But it seems that you have your eyes set much higher for next year." "I do." Regulus said trying to lead him back to his corner. "But I won't forsake what friends I have to get there." "And you think that I have forsaken Aberforth?" Dumbledore asked him. "What about Sirius then? Is he not your brother too?" "I'm here if Sirius needs me." Regulus explained. "I've always been here for him and I always will…..despite his…..life choices." "Good. That's a very honorable quality." Dumbledore said and patted him on the back. "You would have made a great Gryffindor you know" "I'll make a great anything." Regulus said breaking the connection with Dumbledore and heading down the corridor to exit the school. ~ "He gets to me sometimes." He said to Erika when they got to the end of the hall. ~ "Seems very full of himself." Erika said as they both looked back to see Dumbledore who had not moved from his spot. ~ "He keeps us safe here at Hogwarts though." Regulus explained. ~ "Or so we are told." Snape joined the conversation coming up from the Slytherin dungeon to meet them at the front door. ~ "Thought you were going to meet us at the train?" Regulus asked. ~ "I was." Snape explained as they walked out the front door and towards their ride home. "I ran into some problems when I tried to make a quick run out to the shrieking shack. Someone removed my curses and replaced them with much stronger magic…..I think it was Dumbledore." ~ "Won't need that place until next year anyway." Regulus said. ~ "The summer is going to be awful. September can't come soon enough." Snape said sadly. "My Mother has apparently met a young rockstar and…" ~ "You can't say no….it's not charity." Regulus began. "Erika is coming to my house for the summer which by default means that you have to come to." ~ "Have you asked your parents?" Snape asked. "I don't want to be a bur…" ~ "I made Slytherin, won an international potions expedition, and just last week was told by the team captain that he has heard how good of a flyer I am. The seeker position is mine if I want it next year." Regulus bragged as they made their way on the carriages pulled by threshals towards the train home. "They can't say no. You're coming and it's going to be amazing" ~ "I may actually smile." Snape said. ~ "No don't do that Severus." Erika jumped in. "It might ruin your image." The three of them laughed as they headed towards the train that would take them to 12 Grimmauld place and the best summer of their lives. 175