hard and then glanced at Ron and Hermione. "Would you two mind if I spoke to Harry for a minute?" If either of them had any objections, they did not voice them, but walked out of the room without another word. Remus had no doubt that they would still be standing close by in case something were to go wrong. Harry turned to him once Ron and Hermione had rounded the corner. "You remind me of James," said Remus simply. "I went back to teach because I needed to stop seeing him when I looked at you. If I've been distant with you, Harry, or seemed uncomfortable around you since Sirius' death, it's because I'm afraid..." he started slowly. "It's because I'm afraid I'm going to start seeing you you for someone you aren't. They were the only friends I had for awhile and I'm sorry if Sirius' death has made me nostalgic." The name Peter Pettigrew rolls around in his mind on a loop. Harry nodded. "I needed you after Sirius died," he said. "We weren't the only ones who took it hard but I figured you'd be the only one to take it as hard as I did and it would've been nice to have someone to talk to about it." Remus shook his head. "I couldn't talk about it. To anyone, and especially not to you. I couldn't take it. Harry, you remind me so much of James, I couldn't face it. So, if I failed you in some way, I am sorry, but you need to understand that I had things I needed to do to grieve him and I needed to do them alone." "You went underground," Harry said. "I needed to get away from all of this. I needed to do what I could to ensure our side a victory in this war so we wouldn't have to do this all again, grieve someone else who died fighting." Harry looked away and traced a scuff mark on the floor with his shoe. "You know she was writing you love letters, don't you? Hermione told me. She wants to be with you, Remus, and what's wrong with that? Make yourself happy for once." He stood up and walked out of the kitchen, leaving Remus dumbfounded. / Remus stood at the door of the Tonks' household in March of 1998. He raised a fist to the door and knocked three times and then stepped back. He considered turning around before the door opened, but knew he'd regret it instantly. He'd come on a whim with no clear idea of what he wanted to say to her. His conversation with Harry months before had sparked a sort of longing he had not experienced in some time. He wanted to see her, speak to her, figure things out if they could. He froze when the door opened. "Remus," she said breathlessly, clinging to the door as if her life depended on it. He hair was short and brown. She looked more tired than he'd ever seen her. "Hi," he said. "Can I come in?" His discomfort melted away the moment the door opened and his heart broke when she started speaking but he found himself drawn to it. She glanced behind her. "Not right now, but we can go somewhere else if you'd like." He studied her for a second, hardly taking in her words. "I'm so sorry about your father," he said. He'd heard about her father's death a week before in the Daily Prophet. He'd been too stunned and too numb to go to her before now and offer his condolences. She nodded. "Thanks." She looked down at her feet as she said it. He took a breath and held a hand out to her before he lost his nerve, and she glanced at it hesitantly before taking it. He led her outside and they Disapparated to a snowy hillside outside of a small Muggle village he'd taken refuge in recently, in moments of longing for life to go back to normal. She squeezed his hand once they reached their destination. "Thank you," she said. He nodded and shot her a fleeting smile. "This was the best place I could think of," he said. "I've been using it as an-" "Escape," she supplied. "Yes," he said. "It helps clear my mind." He thought about what else he could say to her but nothing seemed quite right. It was not the time or the place to apologize for not contacting her once he'd gotten back from his trip underground. In fact, they had not seen each other at all since the Second War had really started. Since Sirius had died. Since everything started to fall apart. "You've been coming here alone?" she asked, her voice rising, whether out of mere curiosity or something deeper, he was not quite sure. He shrugged. "Is there something wrong with that?" "No," she answered. The word lonely crossed his mind but he could not bear to say it out loud. "I'm really sorry about your father," he said again, as if he is trying to squeeze more meaning out of the words than came out the first time he said them. "I'm okay," she said but it came out in a whisper. "I can't marry you, Remus." She said it so quietly he thought she might not have said them at all. It was as if she'd read his mind. The image of the world he'd written on a bit of parchment flashed in his mind and he wondered for the thousandth time why he never sent it. "I know," he answered. "I'd never be sure why I was doing it. Because I was lonely or I was in love. I don't know that I'd be able to tell the difference anymore." He nodded. "I know." They stood in silence, watching the snow swirling around them. Then he took hold of her hand, and they Disapparated back to the Wizarding World.