the Dark Lord himself and the boy casted it wandlessly, not to mention for the first time. Wasn't he under the effect of the curse Malfoy would have been astonished by it. Gasps were heard from the other Death Eaters seeing this. Oh, how they underestimated the boy. A Cruciatus this strength without a wand…even the Dark Lord wasn't that powerful and he had decades of experience. It also seemed the boy casted it without taking any effort and they started to question where he learned it, surely not from Dumbledore. Harry in the meantime even intensified the strength of his curse with a twist of his hand leaving Malfoy whimpering on the floor when he registered a movement behind the man. He looked up and at the other man recognising him instantly as Professor Snape. Smiling at him wickedly, he hold up the Cruciatus all the time. The eyes of Snape on the other hand were wide in shock and the man himself pale as a bedsheet, shaking like a branch in a storm. His entire façade had come down with one single action of the boy. He stumbled a step back away from Harry, away from the rage radiating from him knowing very well what he had done to the boy over all those years. Also knowing that if he wasn't extremely careful he would be the next one crumbling under the Cruciatus Curse, or outright dead. Harry only stopped when he heard a coughing coming from the Dark Lord. Malfoy had long lost consciousness and laid on the floor drooling, convulsions shaking his body as an aftereffect of the curse. A few seconds longer and it would have been questionable whether he would get back up ever again. With a last smile at Snape, he turned around back to the Dark Lord. "I'm sorry, my Lord" he said with a bow. "I got a bit side tracked but it felt so good to set all those emotions free after all these long years under that old goat Dumbledore. I have to thank you for giving me this opportunity." Voldemort looked at him before he started to laugh quite loudly, which startled quite a few of his followers, the Dark Lord never laughed. "Normally I would have killed you without even thinking about it for torturing one of my followers as well as for daring to ask such a thing from me. However, you caught my interest and the pros of having you as a devoted follower at my side definitely outweigh the pros of killing you, if only to see the look on that old fools face when he finally registers that he never had a hold over you" he snickered. "So I accept your condition. For you becoming my follower I will personally train you." Yes, that was a very good arrangement. This boy was powerful, perhaps even more powerful as he himself was and when he could gain him as a follower no one would be able to defeat him ever again, or think about opposing him. So yes, the only logical decision was to accept even if it meant that he had to train the boy personally. Voldemort stood up from his throne in one fluent move and went down to the boy. "Lift your left sleeve," he commanded. Harry did as he was asked and held his bare forearm to the Dark Lord. "Morsmordre" he intonated while pressing the tip of his wand against Harry's arm. With a sharp pain, the dark mark appeared on Harry's forearm who didn't even flinch but grinned widely. While Voldemort sat back on his throne, Harry went up to the still shaking and unconscious Malfoy and took out his own wand the man had put in the inner pocket of his robe. He held it out with an outstretched arm and the tip pointing at himself as a sign that he didn't intend to use it before with a swift movement broke it and threw the two pieces away. "What did you do that for?" Voldemort didn't know what to think of it. "My Lord, this had several reasons. First, that wand had never and would never have suited me well. It was mediocre but never more. Second, I wanted to cut off any connection I had with Dumbledore and it happens that the feather that was the core of this wand was from Dumbledore's phoenix and I don't want to give him any hold over me as small as it might be. Last, it was also to show you my loyalty putting in to account that my wand was the twin wand of yours thus upon destroying mine giving you back the power to proceed with me as you please" with that he knelt down in front of the Dark Lord again. Voldemort was truly astonished. The boy not only came to him voluntarily in full knowledge that he would most likely be killed, but now also threw away the only protection he might have had against him to prove him his loyalty. "You would need a new one," he said hiding his true thoughts and feelings while giving the boy a sign to stand up again. "I fully plan with your approval, my Lord, to approach Gregorovitch for a new one." The Dark Lord nodded. "Do so tomorrow morning, I want to start your training as soon as possible. Now go. Avery assign him the rooms next to mine. Potter you will wait there for new orders and take that shaking idiot over there away" he bellowed his orders. Avery and two other Death Eaters bowed shortly before setting into motion. Harry also bowed towards his new Lord before turning around and following Avery. The other two grabbed Malfoy and now dragged him out of the hall. Voldemort smiled. Yes, this has been a very good day, unexpected but very good. A/N: This was the initial trick, but the second follows quick. 'til next chapter!