Severus burst out laughing when he saw Tom's face. "OWWW!" he yelled as Tom shot a curse at him. "Sorry my Lord, but he's right. Dumbledore had told me at one point that you were a trouble maker just like Lord Harry here." The memories of his years at Hogwarts popped into his head thinking of all the things he did. From telling Dumbledore he was a parselmouth, to opening the Chamber. Harry looked at him as he also remembered all the things Tom had done and that he himself had done. Actually they had done a few of the same things like opening the Chamber of Secrets. "Harry here, has done plenty of things that you did back then. Am I correct Mr. Parselmouth, glued to detention, Mordurours map, Sorcerer's stone, Dumbledore's Army, Polyjuice potion and such?" he said smiling. When Severus had stopped Harry's face was about as red with embarrassment as Tom's eyes when he looked at him and Healer Burns. "He's right, you are just like me! You might actually be worse than me!" Tom said surprised. " Hey! I'm not the heir of Slytherin and can control the Basilisk in the chamber!" Harry said back. Severus started laughing. "I'll tell you this though, you amazed me when I heard you talking to that snake Draco shot at you when it headed towards one of the students instead of you at the idiot's dueling club. When everyone left I went up to Dumbledore and told him and he told me how and why you can do it." Severus said to him. "How did he know that in the first place? And how did he know I was a horcrux he mouthed so that Healer Burns didn't hear him say it. "You can get out of bed in about two days. Alright?" he said smiling. "Alright Healer Burns. I feel like I'm back at Hogwarts, I practically lived in the hospital wing while I was there!" Harry said. "It's true, he really was there a lot." Severus said shaking his head. Harry stared at him and said, "Will you shut up Severus! I'm aware of how often I was there!" "Sorry, but it's true!" he said. Harry just rolled his eyes. Chapter 24 Defense Against the Dark Arts help It had been three days and Harry was finally out of bed. He was helping Berwin with some homework when he heard Mai crying. "I'll take care of it Harry, you stay here and help him with his homework." said Tom. "Thanks Tom."Harry said. Tom was headed upstairs to see what was wrong. When he got there he saw Mai on the ground. When he saw her on the ground he ran over to her and checked to make sure she was ok. After seeing that she was fine he put her back into bed and set up a charm to make sure the two of them couldn't fall out of bed again. "Ok Berwin what do you need help with next?" Harry asked. "Defense against the Dark Arts." Tom was on his way back down when he heard him say that. Everyone else from Severus to Ron and Hermione were standing close by when they heard him say that. "Well in that case, he should be able to get that one done in no time!" Tom whispered to Harry. "Oh be quiet you!" he whispered back. "OK! So what's the problem here, let's take a look." So Harry explained everything and they were done quickly. 'This is easy! I can't believe he finds this hard!' thought Harry. "Wow Dad, you are good!" Berwin said to Harry. "Well, when you've been fighting since you were eleven years old, you've got a lot practice and skills!" Harry said laughing. "I guess you have a point!" he said laughing along. Chapter 25 Six years later Harry and Tom were in the manor playing with Draco and Fenrir's kids, Decorum, and Bianca. Hermione was eight and a half months pregnant with her and Rabastan's first baby and Rabastan would be with her just about all day. "What's all this noise in hear? Is it my favorite sound, laughing?" she asked smiling at them all. "Yup!" said Decorum. Hermione came into the room and sat down. Missy came in with her and had some tea and snacks for everyone to have. They all had their snack and the kids went outside to play catch for a bit. "Well, I'd say we did a pretty good job all those years ago. What'd you guys think?" Harry asked them all. "I'd say so to Harry. The Order may not, but look at the world now! Tom's name is cleared, you're happy and have the family you wanted. Tom got the family he had given up on even having." Hermione said rubbing her stomach. "You and Severus amazingly learned to get along and found out why he hated you." said Ron. After hearing that, the two of them stared at each other and turned red. Everyone start laughing after seeing their faces and they looked around. "What? Out of everyone here you three have seen the way he treated me at Hogwarts!" Harry said. "He has a point you three, I did treat him like My Lord here was treated by Dumbledore." Severus said winking at him. Tom stared at him and said, "You what?" "Um, I kind of expected him to..." So Severus explained everything he had expected to Tom. After hearing that Tom was furious with him. "Don't worry Tom, he just hated my dad and I look just like him. Except my eyes of course! That was really the problem." he said smiling. So Tom forgave Severus for the way he treated his Harry while he was at Hogwarts. And everything was just fine, extremely different since Harry and Voldemort were married and Dumbledore had turned out to be the bad guy and sent to Azkaban but still had a happy ending.