girl's shirt open, exposing all nine of the long jagged cuts across her chest and abdomen. Having no time to mess with the petite woman's bra, Melanie simply vanished it before she began her chant. As she continued her healing chant, the cuts began to mend together, healing both the flesh exposed and the flesh within. The young girl was still not breathing well though. Once the flesh was mended, Melanie turned her wand and attention to the girl's chest, specifically her lungs. Sure enough, one lung was punctured and her chest cavity was filling with blood, effectively drowning her. With a wave of her wand, Melanie had vanished the excess blood and was starting the repair of the deflated lung. Casey was monitoring the heart rate and airway of Hermione Granger, becoming more distressed by the moment. Her voice came through calm, but Melanie knew her mediwitch well enough to know she was terrified that they were going to lose their patient. Melanie couldn't help but agree with Casey. Melanie worked for almost fifteen minutes, completely healing the lung and making sure that more blood was no longer pooling in her chest cavity. The healer had just reached for the blood replenishing potion that the aide had brought in when Casey spoke, her voice thick with tears. "She's gone, Mel. There's nothing else we can do." Growing up muggleborn had ensured Melanie really hated being told that something couldn't be done, that it wasn't in the scope of her practice. Because of this reason only, Melanie knew that she only had one more chance at saving the young hero. The healer dropped the vial of potion on the table between her patient's legs and placed her hands on the girl's sternum, right between her breasts. A gasp escaped Casey's mouth when they realized that Hermione Granger's appearance was changing. Melanie had always been of the opinion that Granger had been beautiful, if only a little unkempt. Now, even covered in blood and surrounded by white, the young witch was now heart-breakingly gorgeous. She remained the same height but her curves became fuller. She was still nowhere near what could be considered plus sized or pudgy, but the girl was far from skin and bones. Her breasts had grown some, her waist now dipped inward and her hips flared perfectly. It was the figure that women around the world would kill for. Her hair had went from a chocolate brown to a shining blond, almost platinum. Reaching up, she pulled up an eyelid and discovered that her eyes were no longer an amber color. They were a bright green now with yellow lines zigzagging across the surface. Her hair had lost most of it's curl but still had a soft wave to it. In short, this woman was now a siren. She was dragged out of her thoughts when Casey sniffled with tears. Melanie began compressing the Gryffindor's chest, counting to four as she went. When she stopped, Casey bent down to give the breaths, finally realizing just what it was that Melanie was up to. The two women continued this process six time before there was a soft sputter and a faint heartbeat. Snatching the vial of blood replenisher up off the bed, Melanie began to dribble it into her open mouth while Casey massaged her throat so she would swallow. When they had coaxed all the different potions down her, Melanie sat back a heaved a sigh. "Praise Merlin's saggy sack, we saved her. Get her moved up to another room and I'll start the paperwork on this end." Casey nodded before she cocked her head to the side, staring contemplativly at her charge. "Why do you suppose her appearance changed?" Melanie looked up at her mediwitch and gave her a serious look. "Miss Granger isn't who she says she is. Her usual appearance was a glamour. Since she technically died on this table, her glamour vanished. There will be many questions tomorrow when she wakes and sees herself like this." Casey simply nodded, covered the witch, and levitated her out of the room. Without another thought, Melanie started in on her paperwork, excited there was something to keep her mind busy until she could finally go home. -O- Epoxymoch rifled through the papers on his desk as he considered just going home. Sorting out estates in the last months had taxed his patience. Yes, goblins loved money and loved to make it, but he needed his health as well. This stress was beginning to affect his health. A panel on his desk turned bright blue, indicating there was pressing business that needed handling. The goblin rifled through the files in his desk and found the one glowing blue. Taking it out, he saw the name and nearly fainted. This girl had been missing for almost nineteen years; she was now located in one of the private rooms in St. Mungo's. He could only assume she had been injured. Grabbing a quill and ink, Epoxymoch began to pen a letter to the next of kin. When he was finally satisfied with the letter, he hauled his testy owl Ares out of his cage and instructed him where to go and to not return until he had seen that it had been read. With a small shake of his head at the unbelievable things in life, Epoxymoch straightened his papers and left for home. -O- It was hours later when Hermione opened her eyes to see that she was in a room colored stark white. She could only imagine that she was at St. Mungo's. Not able to keep her eyes open any longer, she slid back into the comfortable darkness that was reaching for her. A/N- There she is, kids. Just like my other stories, I'll try to post as often as I can. My life is insane so bear with me! Hope y'all liked it and continue to read. Leave your thoughts for me (; Love, A