got to her old feet and brushed the front of her robes. "Your friend emptied his stomach onto one of my girls' brand new dress." "I'll pay for it," She grumbled, wiping a stray tear from her cheek. "Don't worry-" "It's all right. I don't mind paying for it," Hermione grabbed her bag from the foot of the sofa and took out a small pouch of coins. "This should cover it." "You're too kind, my dear," She leant over and kissed her forehead, then left the foyer. Hermione took a tentative sip of her tea, feeling Snape's eyes all over her skin. I had hoped that I would never see him again . Only Harry knew of the crush she had on Professor Snape. She managed to convince herself that it was just a pathetic schoolgirl crush - it had developed during the time she returned to complete her seventh year - but the way he could make her feel with a single look consumed her dreams almost every night. "Potter?" His silky drawl sent a shiver down her spine. "Unfortunately," She replied, putting her tea down on the small table next to the sofa. "He's as selfish as ever," Her narrowed eyes flew to him, and the smugness on his face made her angry again. "Harry's in a lot of pain right now," She tried to match his intense stare, but it crippled under the pressure of his. "He isn't selfish." "You've always blindly defended him," He hissed, and she clenched her jaw. "That's not true!" She snapped, and a deep chuckle erupted from his chest. He's mocking me! "You Gryffindors are fiercely stupid," He retorted, finishing off the rest of his firewhisky, then placing it down with a thud on the table. "Because you Slytherins are perfect!" She spat back sarcastically. "Have you always been this aggressive?" His quick wit made her fingers tighten into fists. "I don't appreciate that you're mocking me," She forced out through her tight jaw, but his eyes continued to observe her harshly. "Why would I waste my time mocking you?" He got to his feet effortlessly, and she followed suit; less elegantly. "Leave then!" She snapped. "Go find a whore to shag, and stop wasting your precious time in my presence!" A smirk appeared on his face. "You sound jealous, Miss Granger," He stepped closer to her like she was his prey. I shouldn't have said that. "Oh, please," She scoffed. "Why would I be jealous of those women?" "You tell me," By some miracle, she was able to hold his menacing stare. "I'm not jealous!" She returned to yelling at him. "Merlin! You're infuriating!" "It's my pleasure," He bowed slightly, and she felt ready to hit him if he mocked her one more time. "Stop!" "Stop acting childish." "You're the one being childish!" "Stop shouting." "You stop!" "I'm not shouting." "You're mocking me though!" She stepped into his personal space breathing heavily. "Inside voice, Miss Granger," His dark eyes came alight with hunger, and she could feel his breath on her face. "You annoying git!" She poked her finger into his solid chest, earning her another rumble from deep within. "It's a pleasure to be of service to you," It wasn't said mockingly. Hermione's lips parted as she tried to take in more oxygen to ease her heaving chest. "Stop…" She whispered, and his heated gaze landed firmly on her plump lips, then he looked back into her brown eyes. A slight incline forward of her head was all it took to bring his lips crashing against hers. Hermione stumbled back a little from the force but immediately became enveloped in his arms, one went around her waist and the other cupped the side of her face. She'd never experienced such an intense kiss before. Their lips moved frantically; it was as if they stopped, death would soon follow. She gripped on tight to the sleeves of his robes, grinding herself further into his body. Her stomach sparked up in an array of flips that soon nestled down to an intense heat deep within her core. She allowed him to slip his tongue into her mouth and the moment their tongues touched, the kiss went from frantic to animalistic carnage. A groan rumbled in her throat as he stroked his thumb along her cheekbone. His lips were oddly soft against hers - not what she'd expected his to be like. He tasted of firewhisky which she decided that she didn't mind the taste of. Her anger had fled her body the moment his lips had crashed against hers and for the first time in her life, she felt desire. She felt like he wanted her as much as she wanted him in this moment. Their small battle for dominance was clearly won by Snape, but she didn't care just as long as he didn't stop kissing her this way. Hermione held onto him for dear life. His fingers dug into the flesh of her waist; no doubt bruises would be left in its wake, and pulled their bodies so close together that she could feel the hardness of his erection. She rubbed her core against his bulge in need of some form of friction to ease the burning ache he was causing her. "Erm...Hermione?" The sound of Jenny's voice sucked all the heat from the room. She reluctantly pulled her red lips away from her ex- professor's, leaving them both to stare wide-eyed at one another. She tried to swallow away the tightness at the back of her throat, but it wouldn't budge. His expression was unreadable, yet he didn't release her from his iron grip. "He needs to leave now," Jenny spoke up again causing Hermione to take in a staggered breath, then step out of his hold. She suddenly felt cold; lost without his body around hers. "O-OK," She stammered, bundling her bag against her chest, then running down the corridor and into Harry's room to return him home.