were beginning to walk in and they were looking at me weirdly. must've seen me trying to open the cubby. I walked back to the front office to get Barbara, the secretary. I explained what I needed and she agreed to help me. We walked back to my cubby but this time, instead of an empty hallway, we were met with a hallway full of students including my sister and Isaac. The other kid I shared the cubby with. They were both pulling on each of the doors and yet they couldn't open it either. Mrs Barbara was upset that none of us could open it and so she glared at us thinking that we were pulling some kind of prank. She continued to glare at us and then turned toward the cubby. She pulled one of the handles and just like that, the cubby was open. What was blocking the cubby from opening was a surprise to both me and Anne. Flooding out of the cubby like a river was my Hogwarts letter. Mrs Barbara was shocked to say the least. She screamed in frustration and went to the principal, Mrs Clarence. I doubt the principal will believe her though. If my mother couldn't why would she? I felt bad that Mrs. Barbara thought we were pulling pranks and that I would have give her an apology, but I was not about to approach her any time soon, especially after that meltdown. I didn't even want to know what she'd do if I approached her again. I looked at Anne and had a silent conversation with her leading up to a mutual understanding that she and the other kid would help my clean the letters up. We were twins, we didn't need words. We emptied the cubby out of the letters and hung our backpacks on the hooks, grabbing our binders and pencil cases for our first lesson. I walked into the classroom, over to my desk in the far back and sat down. I went to put my homework folder into the desk space only to find that it was stuffed with letters. I groaned internally and emptied it all out into the trash can behind me. Ounce my desk was free of the letters, I organized all of my belongings and was ready for the lesson to start. I scanned my eyes around the room and noticed it wasn't full like it was supposed to be, considering class was going to start in less than two minutes. I looked to the classroom doors and noticed why. My classmates were entering and exiting the classroom leaving their school supplies in messy piles on their desk and than returning to the hallway to chat with friends. The bell rang so I got out my homework for homework check and straightened my posture. Mr Chapman walked through the classroom doors and immediately went to prayer as to not waste any time on our learning. He started the day with one of my favorite subjects which was social studies. I loved the maps we did and how we learned the different puzzle pieces that are states that make up countries of our world. I opened up my socials binder and flipped over all my past assignments to a new, clean, lined piece of paper and grabbed my Favorite purple pen. But instead of my pen, I grabbed a crumbled piece of paper. I uncrumbled the little ball and was ounce again surprised to see my letter. And that's how the day went. Every time I opened something that was supposed to have space in it, was crammed with letters. Lunch box? Letters. Gym storage room? Letters. In between the pages of books? Letters. I wasn't surprised to see that when I got home from school, the mailbox was stuffed with letters as well as my pillow, drawers, toy box, and even the bathtub. I knew that I wanted to go to Hogwarts but my mother had said no and seeing the letters everywhere was making me sad and annoyed because if Hogwarts was magical why didn't they just detect my mothers response and stop sending them? I had already been yelled at by my mom in the morning and then the teachers and principal were yelling at me too for the problems that were caused by the letters with my name on them. I'm sure that My average grade dropped a little as well because all I was focusing on was the letters and where they would show up next. I threw out all the letters that were in the house before my parents came home so that they wouldn't be mad but there was no point to that because they had gotten a call from the school. As soon as the walked through the door it started. They yelled and yelled of how this could affect my future and that I was an idiot for believing I was magical. I tried to calm them down and explain that I didn't understand why they kept coming but they didn't listen or maybe they couldn't hear me. They were yelling so hard that they didn't hear the door knock. They also didn't notice me signal James behind my back to go open the door. I know he shouldn't be opening the door in case of a serial killer but hey, anything to make them stop yelling. "MAMMA! DADA! THERE'S AN OLD MAN AT THE DOOR WITH A LONG WHITE BEARD!" And everything stopped. My parents yelling ceased as they snapped their heads towards the door. an Old man with a long white beard? Sounds an awful lot like- "Albus Dumbledore, Pleasure to meet you Mr and Mrs Mathews." This is my first story and I know there is probably mistakes that I didn't notice but hey you cant start off perfect right? I hope that anybody who reads this will like it and I promise to get better. BYE! v^ U ^v