over at Mr. Schield, who was instructing the two wizards who were holding onto Phil to drag him out of the room. She struggled against the Death Eater behind her again. The older wizard nodded in her direction. She was dragged backwards into a shadowy dimly lit long foyer. She tried to adjust her eyes. The lone captor ushered her down a corridor. She almost lost her balance as he led her down a flight of stairs. She felt the stone floor under her feet as he pushed her into a barred cell with just a lone light bulb hanging from the ceiling. She looked around at the dungeon cell under the Schield estate as the young Death Eater pushed her to the floor. She looked up at her attacker, finally able to place his face. He aimed his wand at her as he uttered Levicorpus . He cocked his wand hand and snapped it forward, hoisting her body and hurling it at the back wall. She tried to brace herself but her left side crashed into the wall. She breathed deeply as she hit the hard stone floor. She grasped at her left shoulder, knowing she had injured it. He grabbed her by the hair and threw her against the wall. He charged at her, fisting the front of her scrub top and yanked her off her feet. She gripped at his wrists, hoping to loosen his grip on her. "There's nothing I would love more than to use an Unforgiveable on you," he sneered looking straight into her eyes. She averted his eye line for a moment, looking straight at the hooded serpent tattooed on the back of his right hand. She looked at him, "So you can finish the job?" He looked at her questioningly. He took in a deep breath, loosening his grip a little. "I remember you," she said, taking in a pained breath. She looked at his face. "You've let your hair grow out. You're the boy from the alley." He narrowed his eyes at her. "I don't think I was able to introduce myself the last time we met. Harlin Jankovic," he said pulling away from her for a moment. He aimed his wand at her chest. "You Malfoys are the bane of my existence. "Your Mudblood mother left me an orphan," he said measuredly as he threw her down to the floor. He kicked at her side. She wailed in pain. She tried to crawl out of his reach. "Your father followed the outdated beliefs of a generation where differences were looked down upon. He and the Schields and the Tanners thought they could bring that sort of discrimination back into the fold," the Half-blood squib said. "Your father tried to abduct my mother," she continued, as she took in a breath. "My Mum was just trying to defend herself when she stabbed your father." He forced her to stand, shoving her against the back wall again. "I can't kill you," he sneered. "I won't be able to finish the job tonight. That opportunity was lost after that night in the alley. "You separated from the pack of boys. And I thought I could corner you," he said, pointing the wand at her. Her legs wobbled. She slumped to the floor, still looking up at him. "But your friend tagged along. I apparated ahead of you when you were a ways down the alley. "You knew the gravity of the situation. Your friend did not. I was going to kill you to avenge my family." "Vengeance never brings back the dead," she said softly, shutting her eyes for a moment. Her mind was beginning to cloud. "I had you in my crosshairs," he said. "I lunged forward. But your boy stepped in front of you. You started to scream bloody murder. I fled. "Mr. Schield was upset. I got the worst torture of my life that night," he said, his shoulders slumping slightly. "There were some positives that he and his team discovered. He found out about your healing power and through the DNA from the dagger, he found his long lost grandson. "His plan has been thirteen years in the making. Along with hatching a plan to bring his grandson home and faking his death, he's figured a way to finish his daughter's plan." "The Muggle weapons," she whispered. He smirked at her, "The new potion works in half the time." She looked up at him, trying to digest everything. Her eyes fluttered. "I forgive you for trying to kill me that night," she said, slumping lower against the wall behind her. "You actually think that will earn you a reprieve," he asked fisting her shirt top again. "People make wrong choices sometimes," she said groggily. "It's how they learn from them and their actions afterwards that show their character. "There's good in you," she said, looking into his eyes. "You don't know me," he sneered as he let go of her shirtfront. She slumped over, lying on her side, hardly able to keep her eyes open. She knew she was suffering the effects of a concussion. "You didn't kill me in that alley," she said, taking in a pained breath. "After you gutted Phil, you could have turned the dagger on me. You didn't. "You don't have to follow the same path your father did, making evil choices," she said softly. "This is my fate," he answered softly. "You can change. Redemption is a part of life," she trailed off. Harlin looked at her unconscious form. He couldn't believe what she had said to him; forgiving him for his cruelty. He took a breath. His job that night was done. He was supposed to have primed her for the real torture Mr. Schield had in store for her. He took a step back, unsure of himself, before he turned to the door and exited the cell. He gave her one last look before heading to the dark flight of stairs.