in the end Jason's parents were worried for nothing. The UK was actually not racist at all towards Jason's origin. In all honesty the United States was worse when it came to racism, at least in the South where Jason and his family lived. But that didn't mean Jason was out of the woods from discrimination. The wizarding world had a certain... prejudice towards muggle-born witches and wizards, and the Slytherins were most likely to show it. Throughout the years Jason has learned to ignore the snide remarks made towards his bloodline, as there were far too many to get mad about each and every one. However, Draco loved to beat a dead horse... "I can't believe that filthy old sorting hat allowed this mudblood to be sorted into Slytherin," Draco told his crew. He directed his words at Jason. This only made Jason steam. "Just wait until after I finish my missio-" Draco stopped talking mid-sentence. This caught Jason's attention. Draco wasn't the type to stutter. He wondered what he was going to do. "What Draco? You can tell us," said one of the girls at his table. Draco suddenly got very serious. He went from a despicable teen to a mature one in two seconds. Jason was seriously wondering what was going on. Soon Draco stopped paying Jason any mind and just stared blankly out the window. Even his friends looked a little worried about him. Jason decided to stop focusing so much on Draco and go and see if he could catch a glimpse of Harry Potter somewhere on the train, maybe get a chocolate frog from the candy trolley. When he got up he bumped into his luggage and his Advanced Potions Making book fell out and opened. Jason hadn't looked through his second hand books for fear of seeing how ripped up and beaten down the pages were, but this was just ridiculous. His book was completely written on! As he turned the pages he saw how horribly scribbled on they were. Whoever the previous owner was thought that it was a good idea to cross out some of the instructions for the potions and write in their own! Potions was one of Jason's favorite classes. With this book how would he pass the class? He received Outstanding in his O. last year which is the only reason he was allowed to take it this year for his N.E. . If his grades drop Professor Snape would surely kick him out of his class! Jason looked through the book some more to see just how bad it was. This is what he gets for cheaping out on school supplies! Jason noticed that in some parts of the book the previous owner wrote down some homemade spells. " What a nut-job" Jason thought to himself. As if he'd ever trust to use a spell no one has ever heard about, what if it backfired and someone got seriously hurt? The first thing Jason will do when he gets to Potions Class is give that book to Professor Snape. That book could be cursed like the one Ginny Weasley had her first year at Hogwarts. He heard the basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets was after muggle-borns so Jason was a perfect target. The thought freaked him out so he tried to stop thinking about it. Jason decided to put the book away with the rest of the luggage that fell out. When he sat back down he saw someone in the Slytherin car entrance holding a piece of coal or something. Then the person threw it on the floor and it filled the room with darkness. There was chaos everywhere. He could hear people screaming all around him. Jason got up from his seat and felt someone brush up against him. It felt like they were covered in a... cloak... Jason gasped! There have long been rumors that Harry Potter owned an invisibility cloak. Could Jason just have brushed up against The Harry Potter!? Jason was fangirling at the possibility. When the darkness cleared out and Jason sat back down at his table he could swear he saw something moving in the storage compartment above the table where Malfoy was sitting. It only made Jason start beaming. The rest of the train ride consisted of Jason going over potions recipes in his head and staring straight into the spot where he believed Harry Potter was propped up. However, the more Jason thought about it the more it seemed like a crazy explanation for a panicking person bumping into him while running for a place to sit. They were probably just wearing a really silky jacket. That girl Pansy Parkinson Draco sat with was probably right, that Peruvian Darkness Powder or whatever was most likely just a first year goofing around. Finally the Hogwarts Express arrived at Hogwarts. Jason took his time getting all his stuff ready, getting up, and leaving in general. He really wanted to see if it was Harry Potter up there, staking out for some reason. He would have to come down eventually right? As the whole train car emptied it was just him and Draco left behind. He looked at Draco and Draco looked back. "Aren't you gonna leave mudblood?" he spat. "I could say the same for you," said Jason matter-of-factly. "And can you please stop calling me that? It's extremely offensive." "Oh wah! What? Are you gonna cry now?" he taunted. Jason couldn't stand being in the same room as Draco another second so he decided to just get his stuff and leave. If Harry Potter was up there staking out he probably would have come down by now. Jason could have left from the Slytherin train car exit but he always liked taking the long way out. Plus, there was always that extra chance that he would bump into Harry. As he left the Slytherin car and entered the Ravenclaw car a blond blur lunged at him. Jason screamed.