them in a potions laboratory. If he could lock incoming first years in a box and put off teaching them until they were eighteen and at least a little sensible, he would do it in a heartbeat. He would also admit-although a little less freely-that he could never have lasted as head of any house but Slytherin. He just didn't have it in him to be nurturing. Fortunately, Slytherins by and large did not need to be nurtured. The house was a snake pit of personal politics, family politics, and always competition, competition, competition. Snape made sure things didn't get out of hand, let the parents know when their offspring needed a little pep talk, and for the most part the house ran itself. Until Granger came along. Unable to fit into the system, and too stubborn to subordinate herself to it. It was throwing off the usual first year dynamic. As if summoned by his thoughts, there was a knock on the door. Snape opened it to admit the first year who had been causing so much trouble. Hermione kept her eyes firmly fixed on the floor as she walked in, obviously upset and equally obvious in trying to hide it. "You'll be happy to know, Miss Granger," Snape said as he took a seat behind his desk, "that I have spoken to Miss Parkinson. Today's... incident... will not be repeated." "Thank you, sir." Hermione replied. Snape frowned slightly. There was none of the usual note of triumph at the downfall of an opponent in her voice. She still appeared as despondent as she had when she walked in. This was exactly the kind of situation where he would usually floo a student's parents, which was of course impossible to do when the parents were a pair of dentists. Snape stifled a sigh and steeled himself: this pep talk was going to have to come from him. "Is something troubling you, Miss Granger?" Snape asked. Hermione visibly hesitated and bit her lip, but then the words came pouring out of her in a rush. "Why does everybody care so much that my parents are muggles? I'm just as good a witch as they are-better even, in most classes." "What you have to understand, Miss Granger, is that Slytherin House values success above all other traits," Snape tried to explain. "Family history, personal charm, personal contacts-all of these things can matter as much or more than sheer magical ability. If you're trying to compete on magical talent alone, it's not enough to be a little bit better than your class-you'd have to be twice as good." "But still, they all hate me, they pick on me," Hermione said, tears starting to leak from her eyes, "they play pranks on me, why me? Why don't they like me? Why do they attack me all the time?" The last bit came out as a wail, and Snape was confronted with the sight of an eleven year old girl breaking down in tears in his office. It was not a new experience for him-indeed, he had Pansy Parkinson in a similar state only half an hour ago-but usually he was the one who caused them to break down. To have someone so emotionally vulnerable reach out to him for support was unusual, and frankly a little disconcerting. "Miss Granger, please control yourself." Snape snapped, and she quieted down from openly sobbing to the occasional sniffle, while Snape gathered his thoughts. Snape never had understood what made people like other people. Whatever intangible quality caused it, it was something he didn't have. But when it came to what made people single others out for bullying, it was a different story. Snape had spent years as a Death Eater watching the power politics being played in the Inner Circle, and more years watching teenagers maneuver for social standing. Over that time he had learned many things: weakness was provocative, strength was attractive, fear was more reliable than love... As Snape started explaining human nature to Hermione, he found himself warming to the topic. He hadn't had a chance to lecture to a captive audience about anything besides potions for a while, and Hermione was the one first year he could plausibly believe would be capable of understanding any kind of sophisticated lecture. Although she didn't ask any questions, she seemed to be following along as he explained why one should never do an enemy a small injury. He found himself rambling a little bit, and finally cut himself off when he started to tell an anecdote that had ended with Barty Crouch tortured near to the point of insanity. He cleared his throat and made sure he had her full attention. "I hope you understand," Snape said, "that you are the only person who can solve your problems." "Yes, sir," Hermione replied. She hesitated, then asked her question after Snape gestured at her impatiently. "It's just-why is it that you don't like me, sir?" "What makes you think I don't like you?" Snape asked. He did have a certain disdain for transparent brown-nosing, but he thought he had kept his feelings well-hidden. Not that he was worried about being seen to dislike a muggleborn student, but openly disdaining a Slytherin would be bad form for the head of the house. "You never award me any points," Hermione said. "All the other professors, when I answer a question or do something right, I earn points for Slytherin." Well of course he wasn't going to award points to a muggleborn-he did have a certain image to maintain. Fortunately, Snape had long since worked out a standard reply to this kind of inquiry. "You've followed the directions and recited back information you learned from a book," Snape said, steepling his fingers together. "It takes more than that to earn points from me." He wasn't sure he liked the speculative gleam in her eyes as he ushered her out of his office, but at least she wasn't crying. ooOoo