smoke curling off of its edge. Vernon's cheeks puffed out as he frantically blew on his finger where the tiny flame had licked the skin. Harry's heart thudded against his kneecaps, his head spinning; he curled into himself even further, waiting for Vernon's wrath to descend. But his uncle remained planted, looking very much like an elephant attempting to balance on its hind legs. He gawked at Harry as he panted, his eyes occasionally shifting back and forth from one neighbor's fence to the next. Harry tried to glance away from the condemning, frightened stare of his uncle, but he couldn't; it had been quite some time since Vernon had been the victim of his accidental magic, but Harry easily recalled the disgusted gleam in his uncle's eyes. A silent barrier that put acres between the Dursleys and him. Harry would have preferred a blow. Aunt Petunia called out to the both of them this time, but Harry hardly paid attention. Stepping over the book, Vernon trudged forward without a word. Harry waited until he heard the glass door scrape closed again; he pressed his nose against his knees, blinking through the bit of fringe that dangled in his eyes. He listened to the steady in-out rhythm of his breathing, knowing that in a few minutes, the water gathering in the corners of his vision would evaporate and the painful swelling in his throat would fade. The locket felt heavy and irritating against his sweaty skin now, but Harry forced himself to ignore it; it had only been a fortnight after all. He nudged the crisped edge of his History book with the toe of his trainer. He wasn't very hungry anymore. "…either more expansive workspace or a greater quantity of tables in the common room would be sufficient, I believe." "Either is fine, Minerva." "This crowding about a single table doing Merlin-knows-what with a pile of spell books is most inconvenient for their studying…and a bit irritating to witness, I might add…" Albus' gentle eyes crinkled around the corners. "Severus, would your Slytherins benefit from additional workspace as well?" Silence from the far side of the table, save a few clinks of a coffee-soaked spoon against the inside of a teacup. "Severus?" "He's not listening, Albus," the elderly woman muttered tightly. "Now about—" "The library provides sufficient workspace, does it not?" Severus tipped out a spoonful of lukewarm coffee back into the half-empty cup and curled his lip at the now-stale brew. He could feel their stares, but he ignored the both of them. "Unfortunately," Albus began among the stiff silence, "you may find the addition of tables in the Gryffindor common room rather fruitless, I'm afraid—perhaps your students simply enjoy each other's company during study-time." The headmaster smiled softly once again. Severus sniffed to himself; such a stupid matter of discussion. Minerva McGonagall's concerns for the upcoming school year, as always, were beyond trivial. Sensing their eyes locking over the top his head, Severus' scalp crinkled. He excused himself as promptly as possible, his meager stack of buttered toast untouched and soggy. As Severus stalked through the corridors leading to the dungeons, he drank in the cool, damp air washed over his face. Though the summer sun was warm and cheerful this morning, Severus relished in the dimness of his chambers, the candlelight, magnified and flickering along the clammy-looking walls. The stinging headache that had been pounding through his temples since sunrise began to ebb. Throwing open the door to his private storage room, Severus shoved the rolling ladder ahead of him, barely catching it by a rung before it slammed against stacks of shelves, full of half-empty bottles of potions ingredients. He examined the row of stained vials that were level with his head. Squinting against the patchy darkness, Severus carefully nudged aside a group of empty glass containers to peer into the back of the shelf. Nothing. Severus cursed under his breath, the vials clinking as he withdrew his hand. Monkshood … Albus had requested it be restocked. Though Severus hadn't touched the potent plant for years, he didn't question it. The headmaster was habitually strange. Severus continued searching. Monkshood and bloodroot. Aside from a few dried leaves around the rim, Severus was fresh out of both. He should have taken inventory weeks ago. Running his palm down his forehead, Severus squeezed his eye sockets with his thumb and fingertips; he sighed heavily. Searching the splintery shelves, Severus collected two more vials, three-quarters of the way empty—hellebore and root of asphodel. Clamping his hands around the lot, Severus bumped the ladder with his elbow, scooting it aside, as he stepped toward the arched doorway. Suddenly, Severus stopped where he stood, catching sight of something; he gazed down at the vials gleaming in the lantern's light. Hellebore had been misspelled on the label; the silent 'E' on the end was missing. It was a simple mistake, but penned in too-thick, adolescent cursive, the blunder, to Severus, stood out like blood against cotton. He stared at the vacant space where the letter should have been—ran his thumb over it, smearing the ink. Severus closed his eyes; traces of a headache slashed along his brow again as he attempted to clear his mind. But it was useless. They both knew the incantation for the portkey. And the boy was old enough to remember it; Severus had reviewed it with him countless times. Made him repeat it back, even. Countless . He was fine . Besides, it had only been a measly two weeks. Hardly a fortnight … A silence passed before Severus realized the dusty bottles he'd been clutching to his abdomen were warm, somewhat clammy. He had no idea how long he'd been standing here. Severus cleared his throat, the last of the fog evaporating from his senses. Easing the door closed with the heel of his shoe, he swept toward his chambers. TBC… Thank you for checking out Chapter 1! Up Next: Chapter 2 -- Early Arrival