let me take a quick look around and make sure there aren't any surprises for us." The woman nodded and the man slipped through a door leaving her alone in the entry hall. She slipped off her jacket as she turned to take everything in. She was a very beautiful woman with long blonde hair, and soft, kind blue eyes. She was tall and thin, not unlike a high fashion model though her career would have been rather stunted thanks to her large bust. She began making a mental list of everything that she and her husband would be changing in this decrepit old house, starting with tearing out all of the musty old carpet and the peeling wallpaper. Tired of the staring at the peeling wallpaper, the woman moved further into the house and found herself at the bottom of a staircase, across from the door her husband had disappeared through a moment ago. She could see a large sitting room past the stairs with furniture covered in dusty old sheets. In front of her was a set of dark green moth eaten curtains. "These are definitely being thrown out." She said reaching up to pull the curtains open. "FILTH! HARLOT! WHORE! GET OUT OF MY HOUSE! HOW DARE YOU TRESPASS INTO THE HOUSE OF MY FATHER!" The woman fell onto her rear end as the striking woman in the painting cursed and screamed at her. The blonde woman scrambled to get back on her feet before she attempted in vain to close the curtains which now refused to move as if they'd been glued to the wall. The man emerged from the door and with a coldness in his eyes his wife had never seen before told her to move out of the way as he ignited the painting on fire. The women within the portrait locked eyes with him and she glared at him with a deep fury that burned hotter than the fire that was even now destroying her. "YOU! I SHOULD HAVE DROWNED YOU! I SHOULD HAVE SMOTHERED YOU IN YOUR BASINET! BANE OF MY EXISTENCE! STAIN OF MY SOUL!" "Good bye mother." The man sighed as the flames consumed the painting until the screams died away. A quick water charm and the fire was put out and the man turned to his wife. "Now do you understand Annalise?" he said with a gentle smile. "Oh Sirius," Annalise sighed, enveloping him tightly. "I always thought you were exaggerating. I'm sorry for not believing you." "It's alright Anna, I don't think anyone would want to believe anything like what I've told you." Sirius Black sighed holding his wife tightly. they stood that way for another minute before Sirius pulled back with a wry smile. I found the source of that smell. I was right, the house elf died in the kitchen. This place is in pretty bad shape and it's gonna take a lot for us to make it habitable." "When are you going to make the announcement that you've returned?" Anna asked as she glanced about the hall, wrinkling her nose. She really didn't want to think about how much work it was going to take to make this house suitable for living in. "I'm not sure." Sirius said as he took her hand and led her into the sitting room. All the furniture was covered by grimy sheets and cobwebs. "I'd like to get in touch with a few people first and tell them personally. And I'd like it if we were able to get settled a bit more. But I don't think we'll be able to put it off for long. Word's going to get around that the scion of the Black family has returned to his homeland." Annalise sighed softly and nodded. Sirius smiled again and waved his wand, cleaning one of the sheets that lay over a sofa before he motioned for her to sit down. Annalise sat down and smiled warmly at her husband who knelt in front of her. "I know that you haven't really agreed with everything we've been planning and working towards, but you know that we can't avoid any of it. I've never lied to you. I always made sure that you thoroughly understood what you were getting into. there is no avoiding this. We were always going to come back here and deal with all of this, otherwise..." "I know, I know." Annalise held up her hands to stave off the rest of her husband's speech. "But it's my job to worry about you. Both of you. I know how hard you've worked, and I know that we're taking everything very seriously here. I just... I just wish that it was someone else's problem. He shouldn't have to do any of this. He should be out having fun with friends and falling in love with some girl and getting ready for a job not taking on some sadistic madman." "Oh, I agree, and if I had my way, that's what would happen. But fate can be cruel." Sirius sighed, a little sadly. Annalise felt her heart tighten at the sight of her husband looking morose. The man was filled with regret for things he couldn't have prevented. She always felt he should be prouder of what he'd managed to do for the young man who'd been left in his care following the death of his greatest friends. "We should get home." She said to change the subject. "If I know Harry, he's going to be starving when he gets back. I just hope he didn't manage to get himself into any trouble." "I doubt it. It's only his first night, what kind of trouble could he possibly find? He isn't even familiar with London yet, and it's a big city. I'm sure he's fine. I doubt he did any more than lurk in the shadows monologuing to himself like one of his comic books." Sirius chuckled as he and his wife left his childhood home.