he stepped on it. It looked as if someone wanted him to end up on the third floor where the dog was. Nevertheless, we do not want to be too conspiratorial, do we? From conspiracy theories, back to hard facts. Time went on leading to the first Quidditch game of the year – Gryffindor vs. Slytherin. Suspiciously, during the game Quirrell decided that it would be a brilliant idea to kill him by cursing his broom. Why in Merlin's name in the middle of a Quidditch game where everyone and their mother could see it? Why not on some deserted stair where he had no witnesses? Letting him trip over something so that he would fall down and break his neck and no one would be the wiser. However, no it had to be in full view of the entire school. With the knowledge he had now, Harry seriously questioned whether Voldemort truly was a Slytherin. Subtlety was not his so much was obvious. On the other hand, he knew how to blame someone else so perhaps that equalled the lack of being subtle – you know the thing with not being caught for ones crimes. Returning to the game his commitment with the troll paid out. Hermione saved him from a premature death despite targeting the wrong teacher. She really thought it was Snape and not Quirrell when she saw him muttering the counter spell – she always prides herself with being all-knowing but that certainly proved that she is not. Harry on the other hand knew who the real culprit was, that was the advantage of knowing the potions master. In the aftermath of the game the oaf Hagrid then dropped some hints about what the three headed dog `Fluffy´ was guarding. Harry certainly would never entrust delicate and secret information to the giant; he was a real blabbermouth. Telling him anything of importance, you would find it in the prophet right the next day. The next incident then was Christmas when Harry received the invisibility cloak. `Your father left this in my possession before he died´ read the note. Wait, if this has been his father's it became Harry's a long time ago, but then why did the one who had it not return it earlier? He has been at Hogwarts for four month now, enough time to return what was his. Harry decided there and then that he would have to contact Gringotts. Who knows what else the old goat had that was rightfully his since he also had his vault key to begin with. A few days later, he asked Draco whether he could send a letter for him without detection. He did not trusted the school owls and Hedwig was far too eye-catching. To say that the response he received was disconcerting would be an understatement. Dumbledore took money from his trust vault. It was not much each time but over the years, it summed up to quite an astonishing amount. Despite that, Dumbledore had several objects that originally were stored in there. Fortunately, he had no means to enter the family vaults because that would be a disaster. Harry had to sort that out over the summer holidays since he could hardly correspond with Gringotts while being in Hogwarts without alerting Dumbledore. The next weeks and months went by without any further problems. Harry only stumbled across a strange mirror that showed him his parents on one of his strolls through the castle but since he had never been very interested in them, he quickly left it behind. In his opinion, they deserved what they got. He only knew magic for about half a year now but even he learned that there were tons of methods for just fleeing from an enemy and his parents had been Aurors to begin with. Therefore, no love lost there. Hermione though once again proved her value by finding out what the dog guarded – the Philosopher's Stone. A stone that could turn metal into pure gold and produced an elixir that made you immortal. Sounded interesting but Harry saw no benefit in looking after it…at least not at that time. Mainly because he was under close scrutiny of Dumbledore and the two who called him their friend. Under the right circumstances on the other hand…who was he to let an opportunity slip? What changed his mind was what happened a few weeks later. Hagrid suddenly owned a dragon after wishing for one for all his life. Harry did not think that this was a coincident. Especially when Hagrid mentioned under heavy questioning that he told the stranger from whom he got the dragon egg how to bypass Fluffy. That alarmed Harry. Funny that right at the same day when someone tried to get to the stone a certain Headmaster was suspiciously absent. An important owl from the ministry, sure. The man seemingly never left the castle all year but just that one particular day, he did and what was so important that he suddenly rushed out of the school? Then there was his head of house Gryffindor, saying that `the stone is too well protected´ and `that no one could possibly steal it´. Sure…the stone's protection was so good that a bunch of first year students was able to get through them, but wait Voldemort wasn't a first year student so it was safe wasn't it? Yes, sure and pigs could fly without the aid of magic. However, he was not able to do anything against it and once again; Harry acted like the `Golden Boy´ he was expected to be going after the stone. Sacrificing one of his pawns in the process, he now entered the chamber where someone stood in front of a huge mirror. "Ah, Professor Quirrell…or should I say Lord Voldemort?" A/N: So this is it. The beginning. Hope you liked it and frankly I don't know when the next chapter will come out so please don't ask me. 'til next chapter!