heavily keyed to." "What?" Albus looked up interested. "It's going to bind them to their union?" "You didn't know?" Algeron looked unsurprised. "Another dirty little secret. Yes, it is keyed to their blood, and it will bind them into a magical obligation." "Damn." Dumbledore sighed. "That complicates matters." "Albus, I know that I don't need to tell you, but everything we've discussed…" "Algeron, you have my word, I will not say anything to anyone, though I would like to." Dumbledore sighed, offering his hand. Algeron shook it firmly. As Dumbledore promised to invite his friend to tea soon, he was already trying to figure out what he could do now to help Harry potter avoid being hand delivered to Lord Voldemort. Perhaps his best defense for now was to get Severus to urge that the prophecy need to be retrieved before meeting Harry again. That would at least buy a little time. Lucius Malfoy walked purposefully towards the main chamber of the house feeling confident he would be rewarded this night. His plan was working perfectly. Lucius had taken a great chance in urging the Dark Lord to trust in him and that his plan would end with Harry Potter being delivered to him in less than a year's time. Lucius had laid out the plan in intricate detail, and the Dark Lord had liked it. In his eyes it served two purposes, the least of which was the repopulation of Purebloods. In truth, Lucius felt this was likely the only way his waste of a son would find a proper witch in which to impregnate and continue the Malfoy line. After learning of Draco's relationship with the Parkinson girl, Lucius realized that Draco clearly had no idea how to find a proper witch the befit his station. Now Lucius was confidant the Malfoy name would carry on and grow in strength. Lucius would of course guide his son's spawn and teach him better than Draco. After all, the child would not likely suffer from any ill effects of breeding inbreeding as Draco had. Lucius school his face to appear humble before the Dark Lord as he arrived at the chamber and entered. "Lucius." The Dark Lord said icily. He was pacing slowing before a roaring fire, his skeletal hands behind his back and his head bowed in contemplation. "My Lord." Lucius said, kneeling before his master. "Our plan is now in effect. The bill was passed this morning, and I have just received word from the Minister that it will take two weeks before they will begin testing. Letters will be sent to those who need to submit themselves will begin being sent as early as tomorrow morning." "Good." Voldemort nodded. "Every one of my followers with a girl child must offer the girls to the Ministry. The boy will be matched to the daughter of one of my Death Eaters, and after their union, he will be brought to me. During the courtship, I wish the boy to be subjugated and beaten down so when he comes before me, there is no fight left in him." "Of course My Lord." Lucius agreed. "How soon before we know what lucky witch will be marrying our young mister Potter?" Voldemort asked. "I do not know for sure, but I suspect it will likely be August. There will be a lot of matches to be made, though I have already spoken to a few of our contacts and they promised they would do all they could to process Potter first." Lucius said with a confident smirk. Voldemort gave a nod and Lucius took a breath. "You should also know, My Lord. Albus Dumbledore was sacked as Chief Warlock. The Ministry continues to ignore his warnings, as well as the boy's. Your resurrection is still a secret. You may continue to work unimpeded by the Ministry." Lucius stated. "Good. Good." Voldemort said. "Leave me Lucius. Report back when you discover whom Potter will be bound to. I will wish to speak to that witch at once." "Very good My Lord." Lucius bowed again, and quickly left the chamber, not wishing to anger the Dark Lord in any way. Voldemort continued pacing, thinking hard on all he had learned today. Sure, it appeared as if all was going well with Lucius' plan, and that it was likely he would have the bane of his existence before him very soon, but this also presented a problem. The boy had managed to avoid meeting his fate three times now. In fact, with the exception of their last meeting, the Dark Lord had come out the worse for it. The boy was lucky for sure, but there was more to it as well. The one with the power to destroy the Dark Lord Approaches. Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies… Severus Snape had delivered that message to him fifteen years ago, and it had nearly proven to be the Dark Lord's undoing. He knew there was more to it, and had originally ignored it. Now however, he was filled with doubt. What if this Prophecy provided the answer to how Harry potter was able to not only escape death, but nearly destroy his mortal enemy? Snape had suggested that very afternoon that Dumbledore was contemplating moving it from the Department of Mysteries to keep certain information safe. What if the answer actually resided in that prophecy? What if without that knowledge, he would never be able to destroy the boy? Could he take that risk? No. So long as the boy drew breath, He, the greatest wizard to have ever lived would be doubted. He would be questioned. And most importantly, His own legacy of power would be in doubt. No, he had to get that Prophecy. He had to hear its contents himself. Then, and only then would he truly be able to destroy Harry Potter once and for all, and then take what was rightfully his.