never paid any attention to him. They were much to preoccupied by their younger son's fame and their worry for him because of a few Death Eater's on the loose. He told Harry funny stories about Sirius and replayed messages told to him by Sirius to Harry. He watched the young boy laugh with a smile. He was amazed that Harry had such a good heart, even when he was ignored. Sirius said that they should just kidnap the little boy and bring him into the Black Manor so they could both raise him properly the way he deserved. Harry still cared for his younger brother, happy that at least Jace himself paid attention to him. Though, he rarely got time with him because Jace was always away with his parents. 2 years had passed since that day, and the little attention his parents paid to him before that Halloween Day was gone. They decided to stay in Godric's Hollow and only going to the Manor at summer. Only this time with very powerful wards. Any accidental or controlled magic Harry did, the praise was given to Jase. If he tried to show any of his talents to his parents, he was ignored. The day Jace said Pron's, his parents celebrated. They told everyone who were unlucky enough to be in reach, how smart their little savior was. Which was sadly the whole stupid Wizarding World. One afternoon, Harry was walking to the kitchen to make himself a sandwich because he was starving. He didn't eat much yesterday and was upset at his carelessness. His parents were in his mother's potion room, talking about something he had no care about. He saw his brother on the fourth stair trying to climb down by himself. Harry rushed to him and got their right on time, because Jace fell backwards. The little boy landed in Harry's arms, but his foot banged the last staircase. It began bleeding, and Harry tried to put his brother down to help the boy. He was much too heavy for Harry, for he was only 5 years old and could not carry the toddler. Jace slipped from Harry's desperate hold, and that was exactly when his parents entered. To them, it looked like Harry purposely dropped Jace. When they saw Jace's injured foot, each parent had different reactions. Lily raced toward her younger son to help him. James grabbed his oldest son's collar and yanked him up, as Harry fell down from the weight of carrying his brother, since he was already so underweight and weak. He was suddenly faced towards his red-faced father. "What did you think you were doing?" James asked dangerously. He shook Harry's thin arm, hurting the little boy by how hard he squeezed him. "Dadd-" Harry was cut off from his explanation as his father pulled him up the stairs. "You ungrateful brat. You know that you are still alive because of him. How dare you hurt Jace. He carries such a burden and you make everything harder for him!" James walked upstairs, dragging his son behind him. Harry kept tripping as he tried to keep up with his father. James pushed his son into his small room given to him when they entered the Potter Manor with Jace. "I wish you never were my son!" James yelled and his magic locked the child's room from the outside, from anger. His magic was boiling out of control. For the first time since he was very young, Harry cried. Tears rolled silently down his tiny cheeks as he stared desperately at the door for his father to come back. To tell him it was all a big misunderstanding and hug him and tell him he was very sorry. But his father or mother never came back. They never came, so why now. They would never hug him or kiss him like they did when he was little. Harry remembered Sirius telling him why his parents stopped paying attention to him, when Harry asked. He remembered it was his last time crying, because he had a photographic memory. Sirius gently wiped his tears and hugged him hard. He told Harry that Lily and James truly loved and cared about Harry but were very upset by some news about Jase. He said that they would come around and see what a great son they had right before their eyes. Then he made Harry laugh and clap his hands as he turned into Padfoot. All Harry's worries were wiped away. But Sirius was not here anymore. He didn't wipe away Harry's tears, as he did last time. He didn't take away his fears. Harry cried harder when he finally realized his parents would never again look at him with love as they did with Jase. He curled up into a tiny ball and fell asleep, feeling so alone. It had been three weeks. They forgotten him. They forgot he existed. Their own son. He couldn't care anymore. He felt nothing for them. They were not his parents, they didn't deserve to be. He was exhausted. He couldn't live any longer without food. His magic was running out. It couldn't keep him alive much longer. Harry didn't really care about dying. He just wanted to say bye to Sirius. Really what else did life have. Everyone were incompetents, other than Sirius. Sighing and using up last of his strength, the 5-year old slowly wrote in huge letters on the wall with a quill: Goodbye Padfoot. Then, the child no longer, leaned and relaxed on the wall. He thought about what after-life would bring. He didn't expect much from life if his own parents left him to die. His last thoughts were about a big black dog wiggling his tail and jumping around in excitement. Harrison James Potter died with a smile. Hi everyone! This is my first fanfic, and an idea just popped into my head, so I decided to write this story. Hope you like it!