teaching you transfiguration and, to be quite honest, I'm glad I've got you lot first," Professor Ludgor continued, "You're adults and therefore less likely to shred me to pieces on my first day." A couple of students halfheartedly laughed at what was apparently supposed to be a joke. Hermione raised her hand and Professor Ludgor indicated that she should speak. "I just wanted to know if we will be learning the same things as the Seventh Years or if our curriculum will differ slightly." Professor Ludgor seemed to concentrate intensely on her face and then paused for a bit before he replied. "You will be learning many of the same things as the Seventh Years, but I think the class will be less structured. I will be much more willing to let any of you take the lesson in any particular direction you may be interested in. More independent work will be encouraged and you will have more choice on essay topics. You've still got to be prepared for your N.E.W.T.S. though, that's why you're here after all. Does that answer your question?" "Yes," Hermione smiled. Harry thought that sounded fantastic. If he cared at all, that was. It wasn't that he didn't want to care, it was just that he didn't really care about anything anymore. Actual interests seemed ages away, and it was hard for him to believe he had ever been so fully committed to quidditch, and that it had actually been fun. Interest in anything just didn't seem like a reality to Harry anymore. Professor Ludgor began the lesson and Harry tried to focus his attention on the information rather than his wandering thoughts and oppressive boredom. This effort quickly went out the window and he began staring at the wall behind Professor Ludgor's head, and letting the sounds blend together into a background lull. Everything around him seemed to melt and became varying shades of red wax bleeding together. He couldn't actually hear the screaming, but he knew it was there. The pain, however, he really could feel. It was dull and manageable, but he knew he was being paid all the pain of those tortured and murdered by Voldemort because of him. He succumbed almost gratefully, basking in the dull aching pain as he floated, suspended on the tide of molten crimson wax. He embraced it because this way he could at least feel that he was being served what justice and fairness demanded. It didn't matter that he was "the saviour" or whatever; he'd still cost so many people so much. So many lives, so many people's sanity and health. The people closest to him he'd hurt the most. The family he considered his own was missing a son. His godson was missing both of his parents. Teddy would never even remember them, and it was all due to Harry. The wax understood. It didn't treat him differently because of who he was - it gave him his proper dues. Pfft, pfft, pfft. Tap tap. Scritch. Pfft, pfft, pfft. Tap tap. Scritch. Harry was wrested from inside his head, where his mind had been mulling around out of focus, as his brain finally processed the repetitive and annoying rhythm behind his head. He looked back in annoyance to get the perpetrator to stop . Malfoy sat behind him, head on hand, eyes drooping, absentmindedly moving his quill against the desk. Harry quickly turned back around. Really, the noise was infuriating, but he didn't want to antagonise Malfoy - it would have been hard enough for the boy to come back to school at all. He didn't know how he felt about Malfoy honestly. He was stuck between holding onto the old rivalry out of his own stubbornness and bitterness, and feeling actual sympathy for him. Looking back, Malfoy had been horrible to him, Ron, Hermione, and a lot of other underserving people, but he was not only raised by, but also raised to idolise the monster that was Lucius Malfoy. When it came to his part in the war, he didn't have much more choice in matters than Harry had - and while he'd boasted about his Dark Mark at first, his fear and regret became evident fairly quickly. And then he hadn't turned Harry in to the snatchers, and Harry had taken his wand, without which he couldn't have done much. After that, history was turned on its head and Harry had saved Draco's life, then Narcissa had saved Harry's. It hadn't even seemed like an option not to speak at Draco and Narcissa's trials. Harry wasn't about to let excessive punishments go to the undeserving in the fearful aftermath of the war. Merlin, there were plenty of deserving, guilty scum to be punished without Draco and Narcissa being lumped in with them. Pfft, pfft, pfft. Tap tap. Scritch. Pfft, pfft, pfft. Tap tap. Scritch. Harry didn't want to draw attention or argue with Malfoy but the sound needed to stop. Right then. It did not stop. Pfft, pfft, pfft. Tap tap. Scritch. Pfft, pfft, pfft. Tap tap. Scritch. Pfft, pfft, pff- thump. Harry had turned and snapped his hand onto Malfoy's, forcing the quill flat. He put a bit of pressure on the hand for emphasis and then removed his own. "Thank you," Harry said, and turned back to face the front. He could see both Ron and Hermione giving him questioning looks, but he refused to look at them. The back of his neck prickled, and was sure that he could feel Malfoy staring at him, but he was also sure there was no way he could actually tell unless he looked. Which he refused to do. Instead of looking at anyone, Harry decided to try and see if he could see what was going on in the lesson. It was quickly apparent that he had no idea what was happening and that he would not be catching up, but that Professor Ludgor would continue talking at them all anyway.