engagement and hers as well by the end of this Ball. Enjoy!" After the Queen's welcoming speech the dancing began. oOoOo Lily was thinking how this was the best night of her life and that nothing could possibly make it better when the black haired beauty approached her offering her hand. "May I have this dance, Milady?" "Of course," Lily said softly staring into the light blue eyes. The song started and Lily softly sang with it, all the while looking into those beautiful eyes. They swirled on the dance floor, not looking at anyone but the one they were dancing with. Two flowers danced without a care in the world, not knowing that the worst will come later in the form of an angry woman so similar to Lily and yet so different. When the song ended instead of allowing Lily to bow as it should be Narcissa pulled her into a secluded corner and asked: "Who am I to ask for your hand in marriage?" "Albus Dumbledore," Was Lily's reply. oOoOo After four dances with some young Lords, she went out on the balcony. She was admiring the view when someone came from behind her. Not thinking, she swirled around with her hand balled into a fist ready to strike the opponent whoever it is. After the swirl, her hand was caught in mid-air and her eyes were captured by those powerful red-brown eyes. Upon seeing who it is her eyes widened and she blurted out: "I am so sorry, your Majesty!" "It is fine, Milady," the Prince said with a smirk and continued. "After all, I did sneak on you." Seeing that smirk Minerva wanted nothing more than to wipe it of his face so, taking a deep breath and said, all the while plotting a revenge: "Of course your Majesty and I really am sorry." "I have a perfect way for you to apologize," Prince said and Minerva just lifted her eyebrow. "Give me the honour of taking your next dance," said the Prince while offering her his arm. Minerva took his hand with a small nod. They entered the Ballroom just as the song was starting. It was a slow song, not a classic but since it was the Prince's favourite they used it for the Ball. At first th,eir dance was awkward but soon they started flowing through the room. It was truly awe-inspiring making all of the other couples, except one, move and stand aside to watch. His black cloak was swirling around them like a shadow while her dress broke that darkness shining like gold under the lights. The light and dark exchanged places while the couple danced unaware. If someone tried they couldn't see where one started and the other ended - they were truly one. When the song ended the Prince pulled her towards the balcony and asked with a smirk still on his face when they were outside: "Milady, who am I for your hand in marriage?" "Albus Dumbledore," Minerva said softly. Whatever training Tom had couldn't prevent him from paling at her answer. At seeing him pale and lose his smirk Minerva laughed lightly. oOoOo The Queen and the Advisor were conversing near the Throne when they were approached by two couples from two different directions. Albus turned towards them and before either of them could say anything he simply said: "Yes." At hearing that Minerva pressed hand to her mouth in an attempt to stop the laughing from being heard but she didn't manage and Lily soon joined her. Seeing them laughing while Tom and Narcissa looked so sour, the Queen just shook her head smiling. oOoOo The Lady watched as the Queen came forward and signaled for the orchestra to stop playing. She waited holding her breath to see who was chosen though she had an assumption of who it is. "I am happy to announce that both my son and the Black Heiress choose their brides." This announcement was followed by polite applause. The Queen waited for them to calm and then continued: "The bride of Narcissa Black is Lady Lily Rowena McGonagall Ravenclaw." This was followed by larger applause and even a few whistles from the left where the Black cousins, Sirius and Regulus, stood. Again, the Queen waited for them to calm down before she said: "Finally, my son's bride is Lady Minerva Galathea McGonagall-Gryffindor!" If the announcement before got a large applause this one was huge. As the Queen turned around, The Lady, angry and her eyes flashing, shouted: "No, you will not! AVADA KEDAVRA!" oOoOo Minerva was standing still blushing after the Queen's announcement when she heard the Lady shout: "No you will not! AVADA KEDAVRA!" Minerva's eyes quickly went to the position from where she heard the shout and saw green light hurrying towards her. She faintly heard Lily's no when the light swallowed her. oOoOo Albus watched as his goddaughter was hit by the green light and turned towards the Lady not wanting to see her fall down. He didn't need his wand nor did he say any words but the Lady flew through the air bound and her mouth shut. Any, who looked at Albus, would see white Magic swirling around him and reminding everyone of his status. Just as Albus raised his wand a sharp no came from his left. He turned and saw his goddaughter surrounded by Green light as if the light was caressing her. Suddenly the light left her body and attacked the Lady's, leaving only ashes. oOoOo A dual wedding was held a few months later. It was beautiful. Each girl was on one of Albus's arms while he walked them to their chosen partners. Lily was in sleeveless white gown with Ravenclaw's tiara on her head while Minerva wore a beautiful tight white dress that hugged her curves. When the wedding passed, each couple went on their honeymoon. After years of basking in her husband's love, Minerva's heart was healed. THE END