Dudley nodded. "I regret the way I've treated you, Harry." Looking around him for a moment, almost as if he was afraid someone might be watching or listening, he then added in almost a whisper, "I'm sorry." Harry remained quiet for a moment as he just looked at his cousin, who squirmed a bit under his green-eyed gaze. With a sigh, he said, "I forgive you, Dudley." Dudley's face brightened at that, before turning somber once more as he asked, "There is something I've always wondered." "What's that?" "I know what I saw around those Dementor things," Dudley answered. "But, what did you see?" 'It's a fair question, I suppose,' Harry thought, as he took a moment to gather his thoughts, before he said, "My parents' last moments." "What?" Dudley asked, in an unsure tone. Whatever he'd been expecting his cousin to say, that was clearly not it. "I can hear my Dad talking," Harry said. "He says 'He's here - take Harry and run, I'll hold him off.' Mum took me up to my nursery and the next thing I know I'm in my crib with my Mum standing in front of me." "Who's he?" Dudley interrupted. "Voldemort," Harry answered. "He's a very evil wizard who has killed or tortured hundreds of people. My parents were members of a group that fought against him. Anyway, by the time that he was up in my nursery, he'd already killed my Dad and my Mum was pleading with him to spare me and take her instead. That's what I hear and see whenever Dementors are around - my parents' voices, Voldemort laughing, and a flash of green." "Flash of green?" Harry nodded. "The Killing Curse produces a sort of green mist from the tip of a wand when its cast. The death is instant and a muggle doctor would be unable to find a cause of death. It would appear as if the person just dropped dead for no apparent reason." After a moment of silence, Harry added, "Anyway, Voldemort killed my parents and then he tried to kill me, but for some reason his curse backfired and hit him instead. That's how I got my scar, when the Killing Curse hit me and rebounded against Voldemort." Dudley was speechless for several minutes as he tried to process what Harry had just told him. He didn't understand many of the magical concepts, but one thing he could understand is that his cousins' parents had been murdered and that Harry had witnessed his mother's murder. Dudley shivered as he didn't even want to think about such things. True, he'd only been a baby at the time, but still no child should ever see their mother murdered right before their eyes. When he finally managed to speak, he said, "Well, at least he's dead." With a sigh, Harry said, "I wish that was true." Confused, Dudley asked, "What do you mean?" "Voldemort had taken precautions, I guess," Harry said. "When the curse hit him, his body was destroyed but his spirit remained. He remained without a body for several years, but then he performed a ritual towards the end of my fourth year at Hogwarts which restored him to a body. Nobody believed it at first and for most of my last school year, people thought I was lying." "Do they still think that?" Shaking his head, Harry said, "No, they know he's back now. Towards the end of this past school year, his followers attacked the Ministry and he showed up in person. My headmaster dueled with him and then Fudge and the Aurors showed up just in time to see him, before he could Apparate away." "Fudge? Aurors? Apparate?" Dudley asked, clearly confused. Harry smiled. "Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic. Aurors are kind of like magical policemen. And Apparating is a form of teleportation that witches and wizards can do." "Wow," Dudley said. "Can you do it?" "No, you have to be 17 and licensed," Harry answered. "It's like getting a driver's license actually." At this point, Dudley yawned and said, "Well, I guess I should be getting back to bed." "Yeah, sleep well, Dudley," Harry said, as his cousin stood up and replaced the desk chair. "You too, cousin," Dudley said, before he left the room. Harry just sat there for a few minutes, unable to believe what had just happened. 'Did I actually just have a civil conversation with Dudley? Talk about a miracle.' Shaking his head, Harry took off his glasses and set them on the nightstand, before turning off his lamp and settling back down into bed. -o-0-o- To be continued. So there's the rewrite of Chapter One of 'The Return of the Heirs', now called 'The Knights of the Founders'. I changed the title of the story because I didn't want there to be any confusion between the two different versions of the story. Although the original version has been taken down from the sites it was posted on and will only be reposted into the Files section of my Yahoo group once this version reaches a point that all the major plot points that were covered in the original have been dealt with in this version, thus eliminating the possibility of storyline spoilers. The original version of this story was Harry/Draco, but this won't be. My love for that pairing has waned dramatically over the last couple of years and I just wasn't able to bring myself to work on it. With this rewrite, however, I don't think that will be a problem any longer. Also, just to let you know, for the time being at least, barring any unforeseen complications, new chapters of this story will be posted on the 1st and the 15th of every month. Should this schedule change, I'll be sure to let you know. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, I'd love to hear them, so feel free to review and let me know what you're thinking.