my Mum too, Harry. She wasn't the one who hurt me and she tried to stop Lucius from hurting me all that time. I don't know where she went or why but I'd like her to come back." "Would you go live with her if she did?" "No, I live with my Dad but I would visit her and she could come visit us too. She and Dad used to get along with each other. He was always very kind to her and I remember him telling her not to listen to Lucius. She did though. Maybe she was afraid of him and had to listen to him." "Could be, Drake. You would know more about the upper crust society than I do. Let's fly!" While Harry is safely tucked away at Snape Manor, Sirius floos to Paris. "Hightower Estate, please." Sirius informs the driver. "Here you are, sir. The fee is on the ticker." "Very expensive ticker. It wasn't that far from the city to the home." Sirius comments which earn him a scowl. "Very well, here's your fee. I won't be needing your services any longer." One swift knock on the front door and the door is opened. "Thank you for coming. Have you news?" "May I come in first or do you wish to discuss this with me standing on the stoop?" "Do come in. Would you like some tea?" "I would. Floo travel leaves one parched at times. You look some better than last I saw you." "I'm improving. Thank you again, for coming. Let me get that tea and we'll talk." "That tea tastes amazingly the same as what we have at Hogwarts. I was expecting some French style or coffee." "It is from Hogsmeade actually. I order it and have it sent. "Still the lady of the manor, I see. Things didn't change for you. The house looks very elegant as I would expect from a home of yours. Hightower Estate doesn't sound like a French name. I would expect it to be called a Villa or Chateau." "The family preferred the name estate. They aren't wealthy enough to have a Chateau. May I ask something?" "You are the lady of the house not me. Why ask my permission?" Sirius replies with his familiar teasing glint in his eyes. "How are Severus and Draco doing? Has Draco been able to break down the barrier Severus has placed on himself?" "They are very close. You would think they have been Father and son forever to see them interact. Severus is not "Professor Snape" with Draco. It took some time but the boy has recovered from his treatment at the hands of Lucius. You may not recognize the child as he is much different. What exactly do you have in mind? We've been having this same conversation several times over the last few months so you knew my response before I said it." "I know I shouldn't ask but ... Do you think I could see Draco?" "I need to see him, talk to him, assure myself he's well. Would Severus allow me that courtesy, do you think?" "I don't know, Narcissa. After all, you practically abandoned the child. You left without a word and now nearly two years later have decided you want to see him again. How do you reconcile those actions?" "I have no excuse other than needing to flee my former life. I knew Severus would care for my son and raise him well. I need to see my child again, Sirius." "I will see what I can do, Narcissa. I don't have much hope to give you but I will attempt to help you. Let's take a tour of the home, shall we? I need a place to stay for the weekend." "You are welcome here. There are many available rooms, just pick which ones you wish to use." "How are you and Harry doing?" "We're very close. He's my son now just as Draco is Severus'. The two boys are good friends. Harry has overcome his parent's deaths but it has left many emotional scars. He is no longer acting younger than his age as he did for the first year. Children seem to adapt to tragedy better than adults." "Some do, that is true. Come, I have something to show you before you pick your rooms. I should have told you but I couldn't." Narcissa says stopping at a cream colored door. Opening it she ushers Sirius into the room saying "Walk quietly please. We don't want to wake her just yet." "Her?" "Yes. Sirius, this is Alexandra Elizabeth Hightower, my daughter." "Daughter? You have a daughter? But you've only been away two years ... how?" "She's David's child but is now mine. I was appointed her guardian at his death. She's four years old and in need of a mother's love as well as a father. She's confused as to where her Papa has gone. I've explained but she doesn't seem able to grasp it." "Another child suffering from losing a parent. There are too many of them, I say. She's gorgeous. Just look at those burgundy curls. What color are her eyes?" "Deep brown with gold flicks when she's upset. She's going to be a beautiful woman someday. She's a spirited one but sweet at times. She's come to regard me as Mum." "Poor little mite, losing a Papa so young. What about her Mum? Birth Mum?" "Alison Hightower died when Alexandra was eighteen months of age so she doesn't remember her." "You're a woman of mystery, Narcissa. Now if you'll show me the rooms I may use, I'd like to rest until dinner. Floo travel takes the energy out of me, lately." A/N. Merry or Happy Christmas. This is short but it's a beginning. I promised to have something up in December so ... :-) Any ideas on what Harry may have hidden in his shirt? Hmmm? Enjoy your holidays and have a safe New Year's.