the corner of someone's sandwich bag or something similar, and had been burned at the edges so it stayed closed. He tore into it and reached under his cot where he found a small straw that he'd cut to be a few inches long. He put the end into the baggy and lifted it to his nose and took a huge snort. It burned to say the least and tasted terrible going down but the effects were simultaneous. He somehow managed to burn the end of the bag and pinch it shut again before his eyesight started to go blurry and the familiar euphoria set in. It was almost like his soul gave a sigh a relief. He stashed the substance in a very private orifice and laid down, throwing one of his arms over his face. "You feelin' better Malfoy?" the wizard in the cell across from him asked. "Fuck off," Malfoy murmured. "Share the wealth," the wizard pressed. He was already beginning to nod off. He sometimes stopped to wonder what had become of him but found he really didn't care all that much. Would it be different when he got out? Or was it going to just be a different kind of struggle? He wasn't even sure if he was happy about it. Things had changed completely. Most of his friends were dead, and the ones that remained were... Well. Pansy. Or now wanted him dead because of what he had done. His last thoughts drifted right out of his head as he fell asleep. ... "Malfoy!" somebody was shaking him. "Mmm," was the only response the guards got and a slight push from Malfoy's arm. "Mr. Malfoy! Get up! You're being moved!" another voice said. "I'm fuckin' sleeping," Malfoy muttered into his thin mattress. Nothing was registering at all and didn't begin to until his mattress started to wiggle under him like a magic carpet and tipped him off the edge of his cot. He spilled onto the floor like some limp rag doll and then the cold water hit him. Somebody was flashing a light into his eyes. "Pretty sure he's high again," the mediwitch said. Draco didn't know it, but they'd been trying to get him up for some time. "Alright Mr. Malfoy, where's the stash at?" "I don't know what you're talking about," Draco said, throwing his arm over his face again. Everything was much too bright and much too loud. And there were too many faces pressing in on him. With a swift movement he was pulled to his feet. "I'm only going to ask you one more time and then you're getting the rubber glove," the guard said. They were used to this kind of thing at Azkaban. Much like muggle prisons the people were essentially the same. The only difference was that these people were wizards and magic made them much more dangerous. They still hadn't been able to figure out how the contraband was getting in. Anytime they busted one source, a new one would reveal itself. The drug problem was becoming a little ridiculous. When Draco didn't respond at all the guard took another approach. "Having illegal substances in Azkaban can have time added to your sentence, Mr. Malfoy. You're out of here in a week. You really want to throw that away for what you have up your arse?" "I don't care," Draco said. In that moment he really didn't. "I've already served my time. You really want me here longer ?" "That's beside the point. We can't let you keep that shit," the guard said. "So how about you just give it up and we'll take you to your holding cell. You'll be there for the remainder of your stay. After that I don't give a shit what happens to you," he growled. Draco cursed himself. He should've known they were going to move him soon and if he had... they wouldn't have caught him in the state he was. All he knew was he didn't want to give the baggy over. Cause in a bit he'd be sicker than a dog and it would make the last week hell. "Why don't you use your last week here to detox?" the guard asked reasonably. "Then it's a new start. Maybe a different life." "Do you know who you're talking to right now?" Draco snapped. He rolled his eyes. What a fucking idiot. The guard sounded like someone else he knew when he talked like that and he didn't want to be reminded of her. Ever again. He could almost hear her now. "You can start over in a whole new place. Even a whole different country. And never look back." "Oh yeah? Would you do it?" he'd asked her. "If there was nothing left for me here," she'd replied. "Is there?" he'd demanded. "I-I haven't decided..." her voice trailed off. Wouldn't that be nice. Time was up. He was bent forcefully over and he let out a slight cry of pain as he felt the rubber glove enter him roughly and his stash was removed. The guard tossed the baggy into the toilet as he scoffed and Draco heard it flush away. They yanked up his sweats and took him out of his cell. "Or you could be a junkie the rest of your life. It's your choice," the guard said. Draco didn't like that title at all. What the hell would his mother say? He felt a small sneer reach his lips. That's why he wasn't going home. He blamed his parents slightly for the way his life turned out. And he knew things were going to get a whole lot more complicated when he was free. Little did he know, he had no idea. A/N: Sorry it's so short. This is my first fanfiction in quite some time. New account and everything. I'm trying my hand and reviews are welcome. I have so many plans for this story. I hope it goes over well.