live with him now." He snarked before walking up to her and ran his hand over her hair, smoothing it back from her face. She was shocked at the tender gesture, half expecting that he would call her Mudblood despite the fact that he had died for her previously. "Thank you." He murmured just loud enough for her to hear. He pulled her body against his legs in to a quick awkward hug, before stepping back as the runic circle shuddered with its release of the second between time. The clock began to tick once more and the power of the circle diminished quickly, flickering out. The books that landed on top of the magical enclosure, crashed to the floor around them. Once the dust settled there was only one thing in the fore front of her mind. She was alone in the ruined library with three Malfoy men who were looking at her in the same way a hungry wolf would track his prey. It made her nervous. As happy as she was to see them alive again, she was mildly disappointed that she didn't also pull Harry and Ron. She accepted that she didn't get to choose and knew that she would mourn for them, and soon. Maybe they could gift her with that hidden time turner. She watched them, her eyes flicking to one then another unable to help herself from staring, for once without anything to say. "What the hell happened to this place. It looks like shite." The unidentified Malfoy said as he looked around. "Now Father, we have no idea what year it is or what happened. We can fix this in time." Lucius said while watching Draco as he offered Hermione his hand. She took it with an absent smile and he pulled her up, her body hauled close. She was staring at his chest and could tell that the son cut a similar figure as the father. When did Draco get a body like this? She wondered as she gulped. Perhaps she was out of her depth. It was hard to concentrate being so close to Malfoy, so she turned around and walked up to the third Malfoy. "I'm Hermione Granger." She said holding out her hand. "Abraxas, Love, the Paterfamilias. What happened to our ancestral home?" Abraxas asked, sliding into a flirty smile. The breath caught in Hermione's throat, her hand was immediately smothered in his larger ones as he brought her knuckles to his lips. She was definitely out of her depth. She had little to no experience with this type of flirting. "After I escaped and You-Know-Who murdered Draco, I heard he left this place and let his other Death Eaters loot. No one has been in here for at least a year. It has been a little over two years since you died." Hermione said looking at Draco. "Why are you here, Love?" Abraxas had moved closer slowly, the backs of his fingers brushing her skin as he slid them down her arm. "There was a rumor that the Malfoy's had hidden a time turner. I was searching for it. I needed to bring back Harry and Ron, they died almost a week ago." She looked up at Lucius as she attempted to brush Abraxas' hands off of her. "I thought maybe this spell would bring them back." "Why, were they of the same house?" Abraxas was getting rather handsy and Lucius and Draco only watched with amused tolerance. He moved into her space, surrounding her with his overwhelming presence. "As good as." "Well then it wouldn't have worked. The title of the spell really tells it all. Didn't you translate it?" "No, I was in a hurry and the rest was in English." "It is the spell to establish a dynasty with a fallen house. Singular." "But the book said a wizard brought back seven of his wife's relatives." "Gaunt. Yes, he married them all." "No." "Oh yes, Love." Abraxas lifted his hand and laced his fingers through her curly hair. She craned her neck back to look at him in the eye and he seemed only too pleased to help as he clenched his fist lightly and guided her head back. His intense stare pinned her in place. "I take it the Dark Lord isn't dead?" Lucius asked from somewhere behind Abraxas cutting in before the conversation could go any further. "No." She whispered feeling like a failure. "Bloody fucking hell." Draco swore. "I guess you didn't predict everything, father." "We will just have to defeat him, won't we, Love?" Abraxas said ignoring his grandson, his eyes smoldering, turning her insides to goop. "At least we aren't branded any longer." Draco muttered into her hair as his finger traced her spine. Hermione could feel the heat of him on her back and Abraxas' overwhelming presence commanding all of her attention in front of her. "First things first, we must raise the wards around the Manor." Lucius said. "The second you do that, he will come." Hermione muttered. "Then let him come." Abraxas leaned in, his hand still on her jaw, holding her in place. She could feel his breath on the side of her neck, tendrils tickled her with each puff of his warm breath. His lips were so close to her ear, she shivered. This was the most erotic thing she had ever experienced. "Do you want me to tell you a secret, Love?" He purred. "Ungh." She groaned. She felt like she was going to explode, her knickers were undoubtedly ruined by now. "I'll take that as a yes," His voice lowered, rasping seductively in her ear. "When we end this, they will never hurt you again and anyone who stands in my way will be absolutely obliterated." Abraxas released her and backed up, watching as her glazed eyes tried to focus. He chuckled, a low smooth sound, like silk against bare skin. "That, Love, is a promise. The Malfoy's always protect our own."