shaking shoulders. "Did you two have a row?" Draco felt like he was drowning. He couldn't breathe and his brain was nothing but fog. He was so used to arguing with himself nonstop since Harry and he had begun. Now that he'd finally made up his mind, his thoughts were silent. The heaviness of it was harsh and too-real. Crippling. XxX "So…are you going to go?" The bedroom was dark but for the neon numbers on the alarm clock. Draco watched them flip over to midnight and squeezed his eyes shut tight. He couldn't sleep, not with the sudden surge of activity in his mind. It was pretty obvious that Shea was in the same boat. Or, at least a similar one, skimming along beside him. "Would you? If you were me…would you go?" Draco whispered back. An arm snaked around Draco's waist, pulling him in close. The night was hot – they always were here. They couldn't bear to sleep with more than a thin sheet; naked and intimate. It was almost more than he could handle right now, considering he wanted desperately to crawl out of his skin. There was no answer. He hadn't really expected one. Shea didn't know the full story. Draco could never tell him all the details. Partly because Shea was a Muggle. That life was a whole world away from where he was now. Without knowing about the war and Hogwarts and…all the shit that he'd done…. And everything that Harry had done that was so much better ! Without knowing all of that, how could he really understand why Draco had made the decision to leave? The other reason? If Draco told Shea he had left because Harry was worthy of something better than his pathetic self…. What would that say about them? That was sure be the end of the decent thing he had here. A home, a bed, someone to cook for him. Someone to love him even though he probably didn't deserve it. It wasn't that Shea wasn't still better than Draco. He was. The man was kind-hearted and extremely likeable. But he wasn't save-the-world Saintly. Just existing in the same space as him didn't cause Draco to rethink literally every decision he'd ever made. And Shea didn't know his past. That was important. He didn't have to feel like he was being secretly judged all the time. XxX " Are you sure you don't want to find an apothecary to work at?" Astoria snapped a lid on the latte she'd just finished. "Here you go, sweetie. Enjoy!" She gave the man picking it up a teasing wink. He rewarded her in kind with a generous tip. With a winning grin, she turned back to Draco, taking the mugs he had just finished washing. "I mean…your apprenticeship is still worth something here. You're wasting your talents making sub-par, overpriced coffee for assholes who 'can't afford' to tip." Draco shrugged and smiled lazily. "So are you. For the record." She gave him an award-winning eye roll. "I need a break from that world right now. I can't stand to ben around anyone who might bring him up in casual conversation." " Hey, who you gotta screw to get a drink in this place?" Astoria squeezed Draco's shoulder gently and turned her attention back to the register. "Well, that would be me, darling." She gave the man standing there a jaw-dropping grin and leaned in closer. "What's the poison of choice today?" The man's eyes were skimming right past Astoria. The instant he had noticed Draco, she became nothing but a wall to him. "Who's the new one?" She turned, her grin now sickeningly mischievous. "This isn't a 'new one'. This is my Draco. He's come to stay with me for a while. Bad break-up and all…." Draco busied himself with slowly drying a dish, praying that the heat he felt in his cheeks was imagined. " What kind of name is Draco?" All hints of bashfulness went out the window. Draco's ice-cold glare fixed upon the admittedly attractive customer as he delivered an easy retort. "It's a traditional Black family name." His words were harsh and heavy, wiping that proud smirk right off the other's face. " But you're white…." Draco actually had to stop and process that whispered state-of-fact. He didn't move a muscle but to narrow his eyes in a miffed squint. "Black…with a big 'B'," was all he came up with in response. His next move was to disappear into the backroom, eager to hide the entertained grin resolutely fixed upon his lips. " He asked me to relay an apology to 'Mr. Big B Black'." A few minutes later, Astoria had stuck her head into the room, giving the all-clear. "Good job humiliating the poor thing." Suddenly, Draco felt like he'd found an out. A way to slide into a new life. A way to forget Potter. He cursed himself for running to hide and worried at his lip. "Did he…maybe leave a telephone number or something?" It wouldn't have been the first time since he started working here. It had, however, been the first that he'd felt so at ease with the person who had done so. " Who, Shea?" Astoria snorted, pulling a Muggle portable phone from her back pocket. She flipped it open with purpose, furiously clicking buttons. "No need, darling. He's one of my loves. Occasionally. I actually met Taylor through him." Her eyes aglow with excitement, she clicked the phone shut and returned it to her pocket. "You are just his type, too." She paused on her way out the door, turning back to give Draco a kiss on the cheek. "I just didn't think he'd ever be yours…. Muggle. Bi. One hundred percent a Muggle…. A sect of people your former allegiances wished to eradicate…. Regardless…I'm going to try my damnedest to get you on a date with him. It'll be so good for you. Something different, you know? New."