skimming the taut flesh of the blond's stomach with one hand while tracing the knobs and ridges of his spine with the other. Draco tore his mouth away only to run it across his stubbled jaw, licking and sucking a trail down to nip at an exposed tendon as Harry threw his head back with a moan. Draco growled against Harry's clavicle when he bucked his hips, their hardening cocks rubbing together through their trousers. Harry sank his hands into Draco's silky hair, pulling the blond up to meet his mouth for another hungry kiss. When breathing became an issue, they both reluctantly pulled back, foreheads resting against each other. "Wh-What are we doing?" Harry panted, his hands still buried in Draco's platinum locks. He felt the shudder that ran through Draco's body as his hands teased the hair at the nape of his neck. Draco shook his head slightly, turning to press hot, open-mouthed kisses down his throat. "I have no fucking clue," he rasped against Harry's Adam's apple before teasing it with a firm bite. Harry took a ragged breath before asking, "D-Do you want to stop?" Draco paused his languid exploration of his jugular to rock his erection against Harry's. "Fuck no." Harry fought for control, the lust-induced haze drowning out the part of his brain screaming at him that this was Malfoy making him feel desire unlike any he'd ever known. When Draco pressed their mouths together again with a breathy sigh of his name against his lips—"Harry . . ."—his tenuous hold snapped. He pushed Draco back towards the sofa until the backs of his knees hit the edge and they tumbled down, mouths still fused together. They tore at each other's clothing with urgency, their mouths only separating to lift their shirts over their heads, both tossing the offending garments to the side carelessly. Fingers flew on the other's belt buckles, helping each other unbutton and unzip, sliding trousers and pants down their legs quickly before coming together again in a hungry kiss. No barriers separated them as Draco bucked his hips into Harry's, both hissing as their hard, naked pricks rubbed against each other. Draco surprised Harry with his strength and flipped them so he was laying flat on his back on the sofa. A brief smirk gracing Draco's sharp features as he reached down and removed Harry's glasses, placing them on the table beside them before claiming his lips again in a rough kiss. Harry reached between them and wrapped his hand around Draco's long prick, his thumb rubbing along the weeping head, spreading the pre-cum along the shaft. Draco groaned, burying his head in Harry's neck as he reciprocated, grasping Harry's thick cock and picking up the rhythm already set. The guttural sounds both men made as they thrust wantonly into each other's fists echoed against the stone walls, intensifying their pleasure. Draco could feel the tension coiling deliciously in his stomach and forced his eyes open to gauge if his new lover was close as well. He was surprised to see Harry's normally bright green eyes staring straight into his, the pupils blown wide with desire. Their lips met in a fervent, desperate kiss, their hands flying over each other's cocks, desperate for release. Harry threw his head back, growling Draco's name, his vision going white at the edges from the force of his orgasm, his hips stuttering as thick, milky cum spilled over the blond's hand. Hearing his name laced with such passion coming from his former enemy's lips was all it took to send Draco spiraling over the edge, shuddering and cursing as he came all over Harry's hand and stomach. He collapsed against Harry's chest, utterly spent, trying to catch his breath and listening to the heartbeat thrumming under his cheek. Slowly their breathing evened out and both men realised the position they were in; naked, lying across each other, sweaty from their exertions, a sticky warmth rapidly cooling across their abdomens evidence of what had just transpired between them. Draco pushed himself up, not daring to look Harry in the eye, and reached for his wand on the table. He cast a quick Scourgify on himself and started to grab his clothes. He didn't look to be sure, but he could hear the other man doing the same, neither risking being the first to speak. Harry quietly finished dressing, pulling his shoes on and chanced a look at Draco. His pale skin was flushed, his lips swollen, and though he did his best to straighten his clothes, he still looked rumpled and thoroughly debauched. Harry wanted nothing more than to drag that lean body back to his and devour that sinful mouth once again. He curled his fingers into his hands to stop himself from reaching out. Draco stopped fiddling with the cuffs on his shirt and tried to think of what to say after what had transpired between them, turning to finally look at Harry when he saw a door on the wall behind the other man. "The door's back." Draco spoke softly, indicating with his chin. Harry turned and saw that the once vanished door was back in it's rightful place. "Oh. Um, I guess that means we can leave now." Draco nodded dumbly and started walking towards the exit he had been desperate for not even thirty minutes prior, mumbling, "Potter," as he walked by. Harry reached out reflexively and grabbed his arm. "Wait." Draco stopped and turned to face him. They stood there for a few moments just staring at each other, Harry's hand still gripping Draco's arm, neither sure of what to say. Draco couldn't stand the tension any longer and gave in to his desire, pulling Harry to him for a quick, but thorough snog. He broke away after a few moments, mumbling, "Bye, Potter," and hastily left the room. Harry stood there, staring as Malfoy shut the door behind him, and ran a hand through his disheveled hair. "Fuck."