has never happen to me," Harry chuckled. He never really shared so much of himself with someone he just met, but it was true that he and Mr Gaunt were similar. Admittingly Mr Gaunt was more charismatic than Harry but He would be the most understanding out all the wizards he knew. This in a way was comforting. "Thank you," Harry said, only just realising how out of the blue it sounded, "I mean, for hearing me out and kind of…" Mr Gaunt smirked at him, "It's fine, I completely get it," He then rubbed his neck like he was contemplating something, "Harrison, politics, I guess, is a passion of mine and I'm running a bit of a movement, now I understand that considering the times you may not wish to, but I would deeply appreciate if you'd come to a meeting," Harry thought for a bit. He wanted to understand Mr Gaunt better but with school starting soon it sounded a little awkward. "Well… It does sound interesting but it'd be a little trouble if I was at Hogwarts," He explained. He smiled back at Harrison like that wasn't even a problem, "I wouldn't be who I am if I couldn't pull a string or two," He responded enthusiasm. Curious now, Harry asked more questions, "How are you even going to find me, you don't know my owl and my Uncle always burns my letters if he gets them," Mr Gaunt started to pace with a bit of confliction, "I do travel around a bit too…" Then He recalled, "Did you have a Thortons Crystal or was that my imagination?" Harry was slightly taken back, Mr Gaunt must have memory for details. He got out the spare pendulum he had pocketed earlier and showed it to him. Mr Gaunt peered in as it dangled from its chain, "That is indeed a Thortons Crystal, does it have a partner?" Harry shrugged, "I'm wearing the other crystal, just got them today," "Hmmm… Lucky find, well if doesn't bother you, I could carry the extra, basically guaranteeing us to meet again?" Mr Gaunt suggested. Harry actually did want to give it to Sirius and not doing so felt like betrayal. Hermione would probably be confused about why he'd choose to give to some random wizard over Sirius. Ron would be even more mortified and defiantly have another tantrum. He really debated with himself for a while. Mr Gaunt hadn't treated him like The-Boy-Who-Lived, he didn't even know about it. Harry was also fairly certain Mr Gaunt wasn't working for Voldemort or else he would or done something by now, he had many opportunities to. Despite knowing that Sirius was his only family and cared about him very deeply, something in Harry's gut told him no one be there for him the way Mr Gaunt would. "Don't you think it'd be strange giving you the pendulum for only one meeting?" Harry finally asked. "Considering some wizard has got you on their hit-list," Mr Gaunt chuckled, "You probably need someone to look out for you," Harry laughed, "I admit it's very inconvenient,". Then gave it to Mr Gaunt, who put it on and tucked under his robes away from view. Mr Gaunt then said his farewells as he left, explaining that he probably needed to get going. Harry waved at him as he left, then suddenly realized Ron and Hermione must have been searching for him like mad. Mrs Weasley might have found out; a thought Harry didn't want to think about. _ It did not take long for Ron and Hermione long to run up to him. They were franticly panting and demanding to know where he went. Harry explained that he was in the patch of bush careful not to go into any more detail. He didn't think now was a good time to talk about Mr Gaunt. Ron and Hermione looked at him dumbfounded then told him they search the bush in two goes. The two dropped the topic and were instead glad that they found him before the game started. Unfortunately for the three, Ginny back came before them and asked about them. Molly Weasley, being the sharp woman she was, realised that it was far too quiet in the tent considering the number of teens supposedly in it. Much to his brothers' amusement, Ron got the worst of it. No one in the tent could unhear Molly's rant. Hermione, although displeased at being caught, was glad that she was right with first thoughts of the plan. Dawning an apologetic expression to mask it, Harry had blanked out for most of the lecture. He instead wondered about that meeting Mr Gaunt mentioned, what it might all be about and the role that he played in the movement. He started to imagen the kind of people that might be there. Mr Gaunt was quite a charming, out-going guy. He probably had a stern best friend who covered him when others tried to insult him. Not that Mr Gaunt seemed like someone who'd get insulted. Without doubt girls would be there trying to flirt with him, Mr Gaunt was that type of person. However, Harry suspected the girls that were close to him had no intention of dating him. Eventually they all went off to the Quidditch game. Harry and Ron enjoyed the whole event. Ron especially enjoyed watching the Irish play. At one point Hermione leaned towards Harry's ear and mentioned something about Lucius acting weird towards her. When Harry caught a glance of him, he was just sitting with Draco in his usual ensemble, simply watching the game with minor disinterest. Leaving him confused as to what had Hermione so unnerved. The real trouble came after the game. The campsite was attacked and Harry found himself separated from the Hermione and Ron. After blacking-out, he woke up the ruins of the site. Only catching foggy glimpses of the suspects so Harry was unable to help the Aurors catch the suspects.