say whatever it was that was on his mind. "Yes, dear?" She prompted him. Albus took a deep breath, muttered to himself about not being sure he really wanted to know the answer and then asked, "Why is Lily really home, and where exactly did she go just now?" Mrs. Potter stood in contemplative silence for a moment. "I sent her an owl asking her to come home for the holidays, although I think she was planning on coming anyway. It's been a while since she's been here. And to answer your second question, though I don't think it's any of your business, I believe she mentioned something about breaking up with her boyfriend for being a, and I quote, 'Narcissistic, Cheating-Ass of a Scumbag', and then she was going to make her way over to the Auror department to say hello to your brother, father, and Teddy. And, yes, I did get after her for her language, Albus. I'm not as unfair as you and your cousin seem to think I am." Then she was gone. Probably to get the pizza for dinner. Scorpius was not laughing. Not at all. Ok, so he was, but he was trying really hard not to be laughing. He avoided looking at the shocked expressions on his friends' faces, and determined that if he got the chance to see her later, he would most definitely thank Lily Potter for a most entertaining day. "Quit laughing, Scor," Albus groaned from his seat. His head was in his hands, and Scorpius almost felt sorry for him. Then he thought about Albus coming in and screaming at him earlier and decided that he wasn't going to feel too terribly bad for the black haired boy. Rose threw herself down dramatically in the two person chair, and groaned as if she were in pain. Come to think of it, she probably was, of an internal and emotional sort. This thought made Scorpius grin even more. He wasn't a malicious or sadistic person, but he wanted Rose to feel some sort of discomfort. She wasn't near as sweet as she tried to make everyone believe, and he was pretty sure that most people had figured that out. "Well, isn't this just great! How long do you think we'll have to deal with 'Perfect Little Lilsie'? I, for one –" Rose's rant was cut off when the fireplace blazed green and a blonde girl with laughing blue eyes spun out of it gracefully. "What the – Just who the heck do you think you are coming into Potter Place without an invitation!" Albus's head came up from his hands and he gasped loudly. Number one, no one was able to use this fireplace, unless they had express permission, and number two, the only person who did have that type of permission, he did not want to see. She had a tendency to be even more protective of his little sister than even James, and that was saying something. On top of that, she was the one girl in the world that Albus actually, well – liked . Yeah, it was like that. And the last time she saw him, she had made him feel as if he were lower than the scum of the Earth. She was tall, and her face was shaped like a pixie. She was wearing a short skirt over a pair of leggings, with a sweater, and carrying what could only be assumed as an overnight bag. Her blue eyes locked with Albus and she gave a wide grin. Never breaking eye contact with Scorpius's best friend, she addressed them all saying simply, "I was invited." And then she promptly walked out of the room. "Cham." Albus croaked. "Huh?" "Who?" Rose and Scorpius asked at the same time. Albus sighed and ran his hands through his hair. "Her name," he began quietly, and then shook his head as if this would help to get his thoughts to process after seeing her again for the first time in a very long while. "Her name," he began again, "is Cham Johenssen. She's Lily's friend." Rose scoffed, and Scorpius was sure that she was about to make a scathing comment, but was halted when Albus gave her a meaningful look. "She is Lily's best friend." He emphasized. "James is like a kitten compared to Cham when it comes to protectiveness of Lily. I would watch what I say about Lils around her, if I were you, Rose." Albus stood and looked at them both. "Let's get out of here. This room isn't the best place to be when Lily isn't in here to give us some sort of protection." "I come in here all the time without her." Scorpius said raising his eyebrow in question at Albus. Albus waved his hand at Scorpius much the same way that Lily had earlier. "You're special," he said simply. With that cryptic message he walked out of the room, presumably to find food. Scorpius, who it must be said, refused to be left alone with Rose Weasley any longer than was necessary, stood up and followed him. He heard Rose screech something and the next thing he knew, she was racing past him at full speed, as if the hounds of hell were at her heels. 'What, the hell…?' Scorpius wondered. A/N: This is an idea I've had for a little while, and while I think it can stand alone on its own, I might try to continue with it. I have a few ideas that go along with this story line, and I definitely feel as if there should be more Scorpius/Lily interaction. However, and not to make myself sound schizo or anything, but, I have what feels like a million characters in my head, all arguing for my attention and trying to get me to write their stories as well. Go figure. Please leave a review. I have virtual cookies for all who do. (No flames, please.) CHEERS! ~Jeni