tucked his feet under himself on the leather chair and began reading. It was something from the Black library on offensive hexes and curses, he had learned them all, but it was an interesting read. Harry was so immersed in the book he didn't hear the Dark Lord knock or enter until the man cleared his throat, Harry reacted instantly and fired of several vicious curses which were luckily blocked and Harry looked on wide eyed. "Those were particularly nasty." The Dark Lord commented as he entered the room. "Sorry about that, I'm a little on edge." Harry said placing his wand back in its holster. "Really, I didn't notice." He replied dryly. "Have you got word from your friends?" Harry sat back down. "Yes thankfully, I got my letter there just in time as Dumbledore tried again. I'm still waiting from the twins." "Will they join you in the dark?" Voldemort asked and Harry smirked. "So sure I'll join?" "Of course, I have every intention of winning you over." "Like I said, it shouldn't be too hard and yes they will join me." Harry told him with a grin, the Dark Lord smirked. "The Malfoy's hold a summer ball it is to be in a week, will you attend?" Harry's eyes lit up. "Who's on the guest list?" "The dark families, a few from the ministry which are sympathetic to our cause." "So no one who will go running to Dumbles as soon as they see me?" The Dark Lord merely raised an eyebrow, Harry rolled his eyes. "Yes I'll will go, the noble and most ancient house of Black is a dark family after all." "I am presuming you have correct attire." This time it was Harry who raised an eyebrow. "Of course," He scoffed, "I know I may have acted like a stupid Gryffindor but I assure you I am not, far from it actually. You will have full witness to how I truly act in a few days if you still doubt me." "Indeed, I will be a wonder to see how much these mask run." Voldemort drawled as he got up to leave and Harry smirked. "It won't disappoint, I guarantee." With one last raised eyebrow he swept from the room, Harry stretched and decided he would go and find Draco, the blonde deserved an explanation. The manor was like a maze so he ended up calling for an elf to show him to where Draco was, the blonde was in the library reading something when Harry approached. "Hey Draco," Harry sat down across the table. "Harry," the relief was obvious, "I thought you were dead for sure, you idiot you scared the living shit in to me!" "Yeah sorry about that." "SORRY! You ripped through our wards covered in blood, go psycho, collapse and nearly die on me and you say sorry?" the Malfoy scion exclaimed and Harry grimaced. "Ok, so Dumbledore's been manipulating me more than I first thought, turns out he's been obliviating me, Ron and Mione and put a bind on my magic; I snapped." Harry explained the shortened version, Draco was shocked and furious. "That bastard, is he insane? I thought he might have been obliviating you, but to bind your magic?" "I'm pretty sure he is." Harry said seriously, Draco snorted. "Good point, are you coming to the ball?" "Of course, it's been a while since I truly came out and play, and I do like to shock people." Harry grinned. "Yes you have that characteristic, you have your dress robes correct?" Draco questioned and Harry rolled his eyes. "I have many sets of dress robes and if any more people ask me that I swear I'll turn up in red and gold." Harry grumbled. "Ok I was just checking, you might have wanted to go shopping, but be prepared, mother will also ask you." Harry sighed. "I sometimes hate my masks, they are rather bothersome in situations like these. However, I would more likely be in a worse situation if I didn't have it." Draco nodded and Harry summoned a book from one of the many shelves, he cracked it open as Draco went back to his own. A house elf popped in when Harry was half way through the book announcing dinner was ready and Harry was surprised; he had missed all his meals. "I really need to start eating again." He muttered to himself as he followed Draco to the dining room, he ended up sitting next to the Dark Lord who was at the head. "Harry, what have you eaten today?" Narcissa asked and he looked at her like a dear in headlights; he was not expecting to be asked. "Nothing, I forget to eat, it's been a while." He finally answered deciding he couldn't find anything to cover his freeze, Narcissa narrowed her eyes. "I will be monitoring you for the rest of the holidays." Harry just nodded, if she reminded him to eat that would help. They ate in a comfortable atmosphere, there was light conversation about the upcoming ball and just like Draco predicted Narcissa asked about his robes which Harry patiently and kindly explained he had plenty of suitable dress robes. "Do you have a duelling or practice room?" Harry asked looking at Lucius. "Yes, one of the elves will escort you if you want to use it." Lucius answered and Harry nodded in thanks, he had something to do tomorrow and he needed sleep before he was fully recovered. He excused himself heading for his room and he didn't see the crimson eyes following his every move, Harry changed and collapsed in bed, he knew it was early, but if he slept now he would be fine tomorrow. A/N: Soooooooo, what do you think? I hope you like it, please let me know what you think and if I should continue or not! I have a few more idea's so if its good review and let me know! Thanks, Jess*