and accepting friend so Harry had felt safe in the knowledge that it wouldn't cause any damage to their friendship. HPDM Christmas was fast approaching and Harry was deliriously happy. Snow was flying down from all angles; dancing in its quest to coat Hogwarts in a blanket of white. Harry woke up one morning feeling alive. Cheering at the sight of fresh snow lying on the grounds, just waiting for someone to build a snowman. He had been most disappointed to realise that he couldn't go out, not today. Harry had a mountain of homework to complete. It was almost like the teachers didn't want them to enjoy themselves. Harry had ranted to Ron about the unfairness of it all. They could be outside in the cold, having fun whilst building snowmen and making snow angels. He actually hadn't had a clue what a snow angel was; the Dursleys hadn't let him play in the snow or with other kids his age when he was little. Harry had explained this to Hermione. She was more than happy to tell him how it worked but he was yet to actually try it. Hermione had actually be completely flabbergasted when he had told her this but calmed once she found out he reason why, going as far as to say the Dursleys where 'pigs and needed to be brought down'. Not that harry didn't agree with her but he didn't want to bring any attention to his childhood. That was why, the following morning, Harry had been much upset to find he was… "Sick? Since when?" Draco demanded as he sat himself down in a conjured armchair by Harry's bed. "Just this morning." Harry croaked out. His throat was sore, he had stomach pains and he just wanted to sleep. "I want to go to bed now stop talking." Harry demanded, his voice a hoarse whisper. Draco begrudgingly obliged, shifting in his seat so he could better see Harry. He leaned over and stroked jet-black hair from his sweaty brow, tracing his much hated lightning bolt scar. Harry was already falling into a fitful slumber. HPDM Harry was forcefully ejected from a deep sleep when his stomach lurched and he rushed into the bathroom to vomit up what little food he had consumed the previous day. Ron was there, asking if he would rather have Malfoy help him or if he was okay. Ron didn't mean this in any sort of spiteful way; he was just trying to help his best mate. Harry was about to reply but was cut off by another round of nausea. Puking heavily into the toilet, Ron rubbed his back tentatively, unsure of what to do. Harry finished throwing up his guts and wiped his mouth on someone's towel, probably Neville's. Shakily standing, he walked to the sink to brush his teeth, almost tripping as he did so. Ron surged forward to support him. He really was an extremely loyal friend, Harry thought as Ron aided him back to the warmth of his red comforter and the soft squishiness of his four-poster. Harry snuggled back into the cosiness that was his bed in Gryffindor Tower. "Hey, mate, would you like me to tell Mal-Draco that you've gotten worse?" Ron asked and Harry's heart swelled when he heard Ron calling Draco by his given name as opposed to Malfoy. Harry did manage to croak out a positive. He needed to make sure Draco knew, as little as he wanted him to. Harry never had liked any kind of liking towards attention. He preferred to stay away from the limelight; sit in the shadows and observe everything around him. Harry was sure it had something to do with the fact that the Dursleys always told him he was unworthy of attention; he was a freak to them and he almost believed it as well, if Hogwarts hadn't come along he didn't know where he'd be. Probably sitting lonely in his cupboard with some new injury he guessed. Harry shivered at the reminder of his cupboard and his muscles tensed. Ron misinterpreted this as him being cold and hurriedly snatched the blanket off his own bed, draping it over Harry's pale, far-too-skinny form. Harry smiled slightly at the gesture, already falling into the waiting arms of Morpheus. HPDM As it transpired, Harry's 'illness' was a simple twenty-four-hour stomach bug, cured within an hour of taking a dose of Poppy's Pepper Up potion. The matron had nearly managed to get harry to stay in the Hospital Wing but Harry had shot down her argument by saying her was only going to be fine in a half hour. Soon, Harry was able to build snowmen and declare snowball fights with the others. For the first time in a long time, Harry felt truly at peace. Residing quietly in a worn red armchair by the fire, Harry reminisced of the fun he had had in the snow. The best part had come when he saw a Slytherin asking for help with their snow fort from a Hufflepuff and when a Ravenclaw was seen openly kissing that same Slytherin behind a pine tree on the edge of the forest. Ron and Hermione where sitting on a sofa watching the fire and talking quietly to each other, relaxing in the warm embrace offered by the glowing embers. Swiftly, the portrait hole opened up to admit someone not clad in red or gold but green and silver. Draco had figured out the password from a couple of first-year Gryffindors when they entered their common room a few moments ago. Reaching the armchair in which Harry was sitting, Draco leaned over and kissed the top of Harry's head, causing him to break out into a huge grin when he realised who it was. "Come on. Let's go for a walk." Draco lifted Harry to his feet and together, they exited the common room, stares from all present directed at their retreating forms. But neither saw nor cared.