boy converted that into British pounds and shook his head. That was already in the hundreds of millions of pounds and he knew he was only estimating. Part of him wanted to say it was too much while another, quieter part of himself yelled and screamed for joy. It warmed something inside him and the teen couldn't help but let a wide grin slip across his face. "And you'd earn a portion, Gringotts would get its cut... Everyone comes out happy," Harry breathed as a plan began to form in his mind. "Can we open a new account for me for just the earnings from the basilisk? Something only I can access?" "That's easy," Bill said offhandedly, though a curious expression worked its way into his face as he peered at the young man next to him. "Why though?" "Because for once I actually earned it..." Harry said softly before he took a drink of butterbeer. Bill offered a wistful smile and pat the younger man's shoulder. He knew what that felt like and he understood all too well what it meant to those that had come from nothing. "And because you earned it, it's actually yours. I get it. You feel you accomplished something, you earned what you have and that makes you proud of it, right?" Harry's shy nod was shortly accompanied by a small smile. For once he actually had found someone that understood what he was going through, partially anyways. The eldest Weasley boy knew what it was like to earn his own way, how good it felt to earn what he had. The pair shared an understanding nod before Bill spoke again. "I'll take care of the arrangements and get you a few things that will help you retrieve it. Don't worry, Goblins may be greedy but they are fair in their dealings... Most of the time." Bill grinned as he said that and Harry couldn't help but smirk in return. Unfortunately for the green-eyed wonder it wasn't going to last. "So out of curiosity, what classes are you taking? I want to know if I'm interviewing a future colleague or not over these drinks" "That's not helpful, Bill," Harry groaned as he practically threw himself back into his chair in defeat. "McGonagall is already on my arse about picking classes. I told her I would decide over the summer when I had a chance to look at the books for each class." "Have you?" "Looked through the books? Yes. Decided on classes? No." Harry sighed as he set his butterbeer on the table and leaned back in his seat. As he crossed his arms, the teen wondered just how the hell he was supposed to decide something that would help define his future so soon. "But even then, I don't know which ones I should take." "Think of it from a different point of view," Bill advised before he sipped his drink once more. "You're fifteen and entering your third year, electives chosen now can affect what jobs you're able to have in the future. What would you like to be when you're older?" "Besides left alone?" Harry asked with a smirk as he nodded toward eavesdroppers, who quickly turned away at being noticed. The pair of men snickered at the sight before Harry let out a sigh of resignation. "Teaching appeals to me a little bit... But I thought working as an Auror, Curse Breaker, or Healer might be a good idea. I like a good mystery and Poppy is nice enough when you get on her good side... You may have turned out alright but the jury's still out on that one." The gentle swat of his elbow made Harry laugh as Bill muttered something that suspiciously sounded like "Cheeky Bugger." "You're keeping your options open though, that's good," answered Bill with a grin. "While Arithmancy and Ancient Runes aren't required for Auror work they're dead helpful when pursuing someone past wards or when investigating cursed objects. Dad uses both when dealing with items in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office actually. Both classes are not only required but also very effective in the field for curse breakers and healers though. Care of Magical Creatures will be useful for all three considering you'll learn about animals of the magical world, and in turn more about our world itself. Muggle studies... Well, I'm sure you don't need that considering what I know of your home life and I'm not sure divination would help you much." "Fair point..." Harry had plenty to think about, but as he listened to Bill he really understood what the man was getting at. If he wanted to be the best, he had to take some of the harder classes. Plus, it would be a shame to put Hagrid's gift to waste if he didn't end up attending Care. Still, as he thought of all of the opportunities he might have, he knew what he was going to do. "Do you have-" Bill had already set a self-inking quill and some parchment in front of him. All the while, Bill had a cheeky grin on his face. "Looks like you made a decision." The man's grin grew more mischievous than the twins as Harry wrote out his note. It worried Harry for a moment that Bill was so perceptive but then again, having someone with such insight around wasn't a bad thing. Hedwig flapped her way down the stairs, snatched up the note as soon as Harry was finished with it before she flew out the window on her way to Hogwarts. The moment Hedwig was out of sight the curse breaker leaned in. "So tell me, what are the girls like at Hogwarts these days?" Bill's victorious laughter rang through the Leaky Cauldron as Harry flushed bright red and cursed the man under his breath. Inside, however, Harry couldn't help but smile at the advice and affection Bill had given him. Maybe, just maybe, things were turning around.