then, he promised himself as he lurched around the corner. Then, he'd go find Draco. Kicking himself, Draco sighed again. Maybe Pansy was right; maybe he needed to stop waiting. For this date and for Harry. Draining the last of his, admittedly excellent, wine, Draco stood, tossed a few coins on the table with a nod to the barman, and left the White Griffin. He had more important places to be. The blast of chill wind hit him when he stepped out onto the street and he turned away to wrap his cloak tighter against its bite. Ducking his head to block the worst of it, he headed for the alley to disapparate. Harry would be home, surely. It wasn't too late and, without Draco available to go to the pub, he'd either stay late at work or go home. He'd check both places, just to be- "Oh, shit, I'm sorry!" A hand reached out to steady him when he barreled headfirst into a man heading out of the alley. Looking up to dismiss the apology, Draco froze. Bright green eyes met his through ridiculous round frames under the low-hanging woolen hat. Full lips spread slowly into a surprised grin. Dark, curling clumps of hair peeked under the brim of the hat and carried the scent of soap and dust and Harry. "Draco? What are you doing here?" Draco shook himself and returned his smile. "Harry. Fancy meeting you here. I was just leaving." Harry's hand still clutched his arm where he'd caught him and Draco willed himself not to shrug it off. "I had a date." Harry's eyes darkened, narrowed. "A date?" "Yes, Potter. You know, a meal with a person one finds attractive and pleasant, enough, in the hopes of engaging in a romantic relationship?" He was frowning. "I know what a date is." His eyes shifted to the doorway of the White Griffin, expression strained. "If you're finished, I need to to- er, I'd like to talk to you. Could you wait a moment? I need to stop in and cancel my…" "Actually, I was just headed-" "It'll only take a second. Please, Draco?" With a sigh, Draco nodded. He'd have talk to Harry about interrupting him when he was in the process of agreeing. But, he supposed that could wait until he'd convinced the idiot they belonged together. Nodding, Harry hurried into the restaurant. Draco took the time to organize his thoughts. He had to present his case in a way Harry couldn't argue, he had to make an offer he couldn't refuse. He couldn't wait any longer. Maybe play to their strengths? Highlight how much fun they have together? He could suggest they fuck, see what happened… The door clattered open again and Draco turned. Harry was standing in the doorway, hand still gripping the handle, incredulous disbelief scrawled across his features. "What?" Draco asked. "Are you done?" He glanced around the empty street once, but didn't answer. "Come on, Potter, it's freezing." Slowly, Harry released the doorknob and stepped forward. "You were here on a date?" he asked, voice barely a whisper. "Yes," Draco frowned. "Pansy arranged a blind date and insisted that I attend." "Ho-how was your date?" "Irrelevant," he waved a hand, dismissively. "It wasn't going to lead anywhere, even if he had had the decency to show up. Pott-" Harry took another step closer. "If he had? Why would it be irrelevant?" Draco's breath hitched. Harry's hand was on his arm, again, and Draco's heart was racing. What was happening? "I wasn't interested." "Neither was I. I came here to apologise for wasting his time." "What are you talking about?" Could he be- no. No, that wasn't possible. Pansy wouldn't- "Ron and Hermione set me up, too." -of course she would. "Only, I asked the bartender. He said the only person who hadn't met who he was looking for had just left." "Fuck!" he hissed, and Harry jolted. "I'm sorry, Harry. She was probably just trying make me suffer. She does that…" "Suffer?" "I mean, of all the lame-brained, half-cocked-" "Draco?" "You and me?" he scoffed. "I'm sorry, Harry. I'll-" "Draco! Shut up." Draco's mouth snapped closed and he narrowed his eyes at Harry's shoulder. He couldn't look at him. Fuck, he was going to kill Pansy! And Weasley and Granger. They weren't allowed to to screw with people's li- "Why would going on a date with me make you suffer?" Harry asked, carefully. Well, fuck. He couldn't answer that. "Draco?" Draco shook his head, squeezing his eyes shut. Surely this was a nightmare. When he opened his eyes, he'd be home, in his bed, and this would fade away to nothing. "Gorgeous?" Harry whispered, the hand on Draco's arm tightening. "What are you doing, later?" Harry's other hand, warm on his frozen cheek, finally chase away the mortification. Draco's eyes flew open, searching Harry's. He was smiling. "I-I was going to find you. To convince you that-" Harry's lips covered his and Draco's ordered proposal slipped from his mind, replaced by searing heat and a moist tongue. Replaced by strong arms encircling his waist and cold metal and glass pressing against his cheekbone when Harry angled his head and slid his tongue along the seam of Draco's lips. Draco moaned, letting his lips part and lifting his arms to rest on broad shoulders, just a bit wider than his own. He finally let his hands slip into the wild hair that tormented him. His mouth flooded with the flavor of Harry, his tongue sliding reverently over Draco's, and Draco fisted his hands and held on. "Draco?" Harry asked, pulling away. "What?" he whined, then cleared his throat and tried again. "What, Potter?" Harry smiled against his lips, leaning forward and forcing Draco to lean back a little. "Come to mine?" "Merlin, I actually thought you'd never ask." Laughing, Harry turned to apparate recklessly in the middle street, squeezing Draco's heart with the sound as the magic squeezed him through darkness.