as he watched and asked his question again. "Tell me, Remus. Are you enjoying your bath?" Remus nodded and raised his eyes to meet Sirius' once more. "Yes," he breathed. Sirius' smile grew. "Would you like them to satisfy you?" Remus could barely think as the four pairs of hands on his body grew bolder, kneading and stroking him in so many places his lust-addled brain was in overdrive. He could barely control the nod he gave at his master's words. Sirius waited no longer to issue his command. "Pleasure him as you wish." Remus felt the hands on his body become more urgent, his mouth dropping open as a gasp escaped. The man in front of him took that as an invitation to press his mouth to Remus' in a heated kiss. Remus' brain shut down as he returned the kiss, his tongue dueling with Marcus'. He felt another mouth on his neck, biting and sucking his pulse point as soft breasts pressed into his side. He gasped into Marcus' mouth as he felt Pietro's rigid cock slide between the cleft in his cheeks and his hands reach around and grasp Remus' steel length once more, sliding it against Marcus' hard cock, sending liquid heat running through Remus' veins. Remus could barely process what was happening, simply reacting and feeling the white-hot pleasure coursing through every fiber of his being. The two women pressed into his sides, licking and sucking every inch of his skin they could reach, shamelessly pressing their bodies against his. Remus pulled back from Marcus' bruising mouth and turned to seek Katherine's lips on his right, one hand slid around her waist to pull her even closer while his other hand delved to the left between Marlene's legs, slipping between her folds. The still steaming water they stood in added to their rapture and Remus couldn't control the bucking of his hips, at once feeling the rigid slide of Marcus' cock against his own and Pietro's long member sliding between his ass cheeks. Remus turned to Marlene and captured the gasps coming from her soft lips with his own, two fingers slipping roughly in and out of her tight cavern, skimming her clitoris with every slide. Remus released Marlene's mouth with a groan as the bodies surrounding him pressed harder against him, rutting against each other, seeking release. He let his head fall back against Pietro's shoulder and through hooded eyes saw Lord Black shamelessly watching the orgy in front of him, one hand vigorously stroking his own cock while the other fondled his sac. Sirius' eyes met Remus', their pupils blown wide with lust, and Remus couldn't help the thought that he wanted to ravage the slave master in front of him. The sounds coming from Lord Black's parted mouth as his hand worked his shaft harder and faster drowned even the passionate cries and gasps of the four pressed against Remus. Sirius had never seen a more erotic sight than the one before him. Remus' chest was flushed and heaving against the bodies pressed to his, Sirius' slaves working in tandem to bring the werewolf to completion. The moment their eyes met, Sirius knew he couldn't hold on much longer. His hand gripped his cock harder and slid furiously along his length, watching through hooded eyes as Remus watched him . Remus bit his lip, panting as he thrust his hips faster and harder, his cock throbbing, the heat coiling deep in his belly. His eyes never left Sirius' and he watched in utter wonder as Sirius came undone with a loud cry, white hot spurts of semen spurting out of his magnificent cock, coating the plains and ridges of his stomach. The sight of the Black heir riding out his orgasm before him was all it took to push Remus over the edge. His sac tightened against his body and his own release had him grasping fiercely at the body before him, gripping Marcus' shoulders so tightly he knew the other man would have bruises. As Remus' came down from what he knew was the strongest release of his life, the only thing keeping him upright were the bodies surrounding him. The buoyancy of the water aided the servants in steering a now limp Remus to a ledge where they sat him as they once again washed his body clean. Remus regained enough presence of mind to try to feel some embarrassment at his participation in the orgy, but the pleasure he had just received had been so intense he just couldn't muster the appropriate sense of guilt he assumed he should feel. As the other slaves finished their ministrations and led him out of the bath on shaky legs, he saw Lord Black standing a few feet from the top of the steps, now fully dressed again and looking every inch the haughty aristocrat and not the debauched and depraved man Remus now knew him to be. The slaves toweled Remus' body dry and draped him in a soft, white tunic before Lord Black came to stand before him, his body mere inches from Remus'. "You clean up rather well, Remus." Sirius admired the muscular werewolf, his eyes raking over every inch of Remus' body before meeting his amber eyes. "Though I must say I didn't mind you dirty either." Remus didn't speak, but kept his eyes locked on the pewter ones before him. He watched those eyes darken again as Lord Black raised a hand and slowly ran a finger down Remus' cheek softly, touching him for the first time. He wasn't prepared for the feel of those lush pink lips against his as Sirius briefly kissed Remus' mouth, sucking on his lower lip gently, tracing the seam of Remus' mouth with his tongue before pulling back slightly to whisper against his mouth. "Welcome to the House of Black." Sirius smirked at the dazed look on Remus' face and winked, before turning and walking swiftly out of the cavernous room.