staying in the same place for longer than a week. Humans are impatient creatures, they always use their wishes as soon as they can." Lily fell silent, watching James. His eyes hadn't left hers the whole time she spoke. "Until now." James looked at her for a while longer. "I don't think less of you," he said, his voice rusty. "I admire you." "What?" "You've remained strong," he said. "A lesser Djinn than you would have broken. But when I look at you, I don't see a murderer or a lost soul. I see a powerful woman who is completely in control of what she has, despite what she doesn't." He had leaned closer to her, so close she could feel his breath on her cheek. If he wished for her to kiss him, she would disappear into the lamp happy. "JAMES!" A voice bellowed. Remus was running down the stairs. "Land! It's Gryffindor! We've circled around, I suppose, we've gone back home—" the door was flung open, and James sprang away from Lily. "Home? I—I suppose my wish did say something about home, I hadn't thought..." He looked back at Lily. "I'll be right up. Tell Sirius to take us into the harbor." James turned back to Lily after Remus had left. "I don't have to make a third wish," he said. "You could come with me, back home." "I thought it was about the traveling," Lily said with a weak smile. "I've had enough adventuring for now, I think," James said. "I still own this ship, don't I?" He stepped towards her again. "Please," he murmured. "Please come with me. I won't wish anything, you can stay..." Lily found herself shaking her head. "I can't," she said. "I don't know what would happen. I wouldn't age, and when you die...I have no idea what will happen to me." James bit his lip. "At least come up," he said. "We can decide what happens next. Together." Lily had never had a together, not even when she was a seventeen-year-old Djinn at home with her family. "Alright," she said. "We can decide together." They met the other three on deck, pulling more smoothly into the harbor than they had left it. "D'you reckon my father will be very upset?" James asked Peter, who just laughed. The boys turned to Lily. "What will you do?" Remus asked. "I don't know," she said. "James will have to make a third wish, and then..." "One of us could take the lamp," Remus suggested. "That gives us nine more wishes to figure out what to do next." Lily blinked. "You—you would do that?" "Hey, it's free magic," Sirius said. "D'you know how much a wizard costs these days?" Peter elbowed him. "I mean. Yeah, of course, Lils." He threw the rope over the deck, where someone down below tied it off. "I'll be in a pub if any of you lot need me. After all that, I need a good drink." "We brought three barrels of rum," Remus protested, following him off. Peter took one look at James and scurried off after them. "I can't believe your friends would do that for me," Lily said. "And not just for the magic. For me." "They're your friends too, Lily," James said amusedly. "I wi—I'm glad you'll be staying with us. Even if it's only until we run out of trustworthy confidants." Lily cracked a smile. "I wish I could stay with you forever." "I wish you were free." Golden light was everywhere, rushing over her skin like tiny feathers. The wind picked up, swirling around her like a tornado, catching her hair in its swarm, dragging her arms forward. Lily watched with stunned eyes as the light ate away at the gold bands on her wrists, dissolving the metal like acid, then shrank away from her limbs, collapsing in on itself until a small spot of light remained, just over her heart. Then that, too, vanished, sinking into her skin. Lily and James stared at each other. She felt lighter than she had in a thousand years, in control of her limbs and her mind. Experimentally, she lifted her arm, beckoning to the sea around her. Hundreds of tiny jets responded to her call, arching over their heads, twining together and evaporating into a fine mist that settled in their hair and onto their skin. A happy giggle burst from Lily, as she twirled, changing her robes from multicolored to bright yellow then back. "You did it!" she cried, throwing herself at him in a hug. "You freed me—how? How did you know it would work?" "I didn't!" They were both yelling and laughing and spinning and hugging, and Lily couldn't stop herself from changing his hair to green and purple and blue and shades she'd never even seen before. James took her face in his hands and kissed her, and she felt it, every nerve in her body on fire, no longer numb and dull. It was like being alive after centuries of sleeping. On the deck of the Marauder they kissed, and she cried, and he laughed, and they both lived happily ever after. "You didn't tell me there would be kissing," Harry said, sounding betrayed. Lily smiled faintly, still lost in memory. "I'd forgotten about that bit." "Mum, can you make my hair blue?" Lily laughed. "No, darling. Think about what Daddy would say if you and he didn't have the same hair! He would be distraught." Harry thought about this for a moment. "Okay," he said. "Goodnight, Mummy. Thank you for the story. Even if there was kissing in it." "Goodnight, my darling." James was waiting outside the door. "And they all lived happily ever after?" "What?" Lily asked, pulling him in for a kiss. "We did." A/N Hello! Not my best work, probably submitted too late (it is March 1, after all!) but I really liked how it turned out. I hope you do too! All my love, Alys xoxo