fold inside his cloak alongside his wand. The others were doing similar last minute grooming, and Pansy was combing her fingers hurriedly through her short black hair. A series of pops sounded through the parlor they had been lounging in, as the group of young Death Eater recruits apparated away to their Master's side. Theo reappeared instantly inside a large, circular, underground room. The walls were heavy stone, the floor bare and dark, like unpolished black stone. Torches mounted in brackets along the wall in intervals dimly lit the gloomy room. A large black velvet tapestry, embroided with shiny green thread depicting the Dark Mark hung from one part of the circular wall. There was exactly one door, set opposite from the tapestry, an iron affair with large deadbolts locking it shut. The low ceiling and large amount of cloaked wizards in the room made the atmosphere slightly claustrophobic. All in all, Theo thought it was remarkably cliché. He was frankly astounded the Dark Lord had neglected the accompanying towering throne. The man (if he could be called a man) in question was standing in front of the tapestry, hands behind his back, staring around impassively at the gathering apparating before him. It was unusual that the Dark Lord was meeting with them at all, he usually left assignments and morale boosting to his underlings. He put in the occasional appearance, but most of his time was spent behind the scenes, plotting and strategizing. Voldemort was always at the new recruit's initiation ceremonies, perhaps there were new people waiting to join that Theo and his friends were unaware of. Aidan shifted next to him, nudging Theo forwards after Flint. They took their places in the outer circle. The inner circle was composed of twenty or so wizards (and witch) that were trusted by their Master above all others. They alone were unmasked and un-hooded. Bellatrix, of course, was the aforementioned witch, standing next to her husband Rodolphus, whose other side was flanked by his older brother Rabastan. Lucius Malfoy was there as well, along with Augustus Rookwood, Mulcibur, Rookwood, Jugson, Avery, Ringworm, Travers, four other wizards who had spent over ten years entombed in Azkaban, the senior versions of Crabbe and Goyle, and his own father, Thaddeus Nott, who had recently been promoted to the inner circle upon Macnair's death by the hands of Aurors. The group of ten spies, the only figures both masked and hooded, were in a shadowy nook away from the circles. Their leader, a figure that was clearly recognizable as Snape from the black, glittering eyes, stood slightly ahead of them. Theo's spot amongst the larger, outer circle, who wore their hoods up, was indicative of his standing amongst the Death Eaters. While the inner circle stayed mostly stagnant, the outer circle was constantly being expanded and reorganized. Composed of over a hundred wizards (and Pansy as the one witch) they were the soldiers, the followers of their leaders. The spies dealt in stealth, the inner circle dealt in planning and commanding. It was ingenious, really, the system the Dark Lord had. Not only did they all know exactly who had the most power, (and who had the least) among them, it was a strong motivational factor. A Death Eater with ambition, (which they almost all had) and who pleased their Lord with loyalty and hard work, moved upwards in both literal and figurative ways. The Dark Lord began to speak. "All my Death Eaters are here, I see. Excellent. I have good news to report," Lord Voldemort spoke in a high, chilling voice, in a volume that was both quiet and carrying. "Three successful raids have been conducted against our opposition.. Bella managed to capture Elphias Doge, a member of the Order of the Phoenix," Voldemort gave her a rare approving look, "and he will be… questioned," here, a few Death Eaters snickered, "for information. I trust Lucius has given you your assignments for the next few days," they nodded their assent, "and I remain confident you will not fail me," A small shudder raced through the gathered wizards and witches at the veiled threat. "Wormtail," Voldemort snapped out. Wormtail! Theo thought, that was his name . A small, balding man with a pointed nose, watery eyes, and a silver hand hurried forward from his spot in the inner circle, and stood by the Dark Lord's side. "Wormtail will take over for me once I have finished drilling it into your thick skulls what I expect of you," he said coldly. Theo looked sideways at Aidan, who seemed just as startled by this declaration as he. The other Death Eaters were shifting nervously, and would have been murmering their bewilderment if they had dared. "I'm sure everyone has heard about the new group of captured Mudbloods that have arrived for your sport," the Dark Lord continued, unfazed. "Do not take for granted my gifts," his red eyes roamed over the crowd of his followers. "The rest of you who are not named, work harder and you will have first choice of the spoils," the Dark Lord managed to make even this sound like a threat. "I can take away any Mudblood, for any reason, at any time. Do not question why." Theo privately wondered who would be insane enough to do so, briefly considered Bellatrix, who was notoriously crazy, then rejected her as too fanatical to question motives. "If any of my Death Eaters," here, the Dark Lord paused, made deliberate eye contact with the inner circle, and continued, " any of my Death Eaters displeases me, expect to meet me in chamber six tomorrow evening." The flinching of the group assembled was far more obvious this time. Chamber Six was the stuff of nightmares, a place spoken of in hushed whispers, where few emerged from alive. "Wormtail will now proceed," the Dark Lord intoned, "good evening." He apparated away after his customary, cordial dismissal, and the small man known as Wormtail stepped forward.