frequently sneered upon Dumbledore, dared to disobey an order from him, for no matter how friendly he had worded it, it was clear that it was one. As the Prefects led the first-years out of the Entrance Hall, along with the older students (though some of them took shortcuts), the Headmaster turned on Jameson again. "May I speak to you in my office?" He said, his blue eyes piercing into the still-hooded man, standing there in the middle of the Entrance Hall. Said man nodded and, with a wave of his wand, the silver cage disappeared. Meanwhile, the Entrance Hall (with a very vocal aid – courtesy of Professor McGonagall) had emptied already and, after bidding the remaining teachers good night, the two men strode up a staircase at their right. "Did you see that?" The chubby boy with the mouse-brown hair whispered to his friends as he pulled aside a tapestry showing Paracelsus brewing a potion of a rather nauseous colour. He was obviously awed by the skill that their new Defence teacher had demonstrated. The boy beside him pushed his silky hair out of his vision with a casual elegance that would have made every girl swoon – had there been any present – and rolled his eyes at his friend's question. "Obviously, Wormtail. We were standing right beside you." As Wormtail blushed, one of the two boys just behind them clapped the speaker on his shoulder, causing him to be whirl around and stare into the hazel-brown eyes behind the round glasses. The latter was looking at his friend with what should be a disappointed look, but said boy didn't quite manage it. "Now, now, Padfoot. Be nice." He mock-chastised, though the effect was somewhat ruined by the insincerity in his eyes. Truth be told, he was just as amazed by their new teacher as his friends were, but there had been something else. He couldn't quite place it, but the teacher had given him the impression of knowing him from somewhere. However, he struggled to think of where he could know him from, and why wouldn't he remember a wizard of such prodigious skill, if they had indeed met before? Well, maybe he could work it out the next day, when they had their first DADA lesson with him. He turned to the fourth member of the group, whose eyebrows were furrowed – he appeared to be deep in thought. "What's up, Moony?" The boy asked him, ruffling his black, messy hair with his hand, succeeding only in making it messier. "I don't really know." Was the answer that he got. "It's just… did you notice that he hesitated before saying his name?" "What d'you mean?" Padfoot asked, who was listening to their conversation with one ear, just as they turned a corner and could see the portrait of the Fat Lady at the end of the corridor. "I have no clue. But… you don't really stutter with your own name, do you?" Finally getting what Moony was hinting at, Padfoot snorted. "You think he's got a false name? C'mon Moony, that's bullshit." "Doesn't have to be. Maybe he's… I dunno, a target for the Death Eaters or something… I mean, he's powerful to have them interested him, isn't him? And…" "…he changed his name to disappear." The boy with the messy hair concluded. "That could be it." "Yeah. If you ignore the fact that he just turned up at a place where You-Know-Who has spies." Wormtail objected, surprising the others. He always appeared to be a little slow at times, but had quite extraordinary amounts of insight in some topics. "You're right, Pete." Moony said, frowning again. "That doesn't really make sense." "Well," Padfoot began. "We might find out more tomorrow. You know, in class. I'm too tired now, to be honest." "That's just an excuse 'cause you can't think." The messy-haired youth teased. Moony and Wormtail snickered lightly while Padfoot pouted. "Harsh, Prongs. Harsh." "Oh shush. Epiphany ." The last word was directed at the Fat Lady, who nodded at the four of them and swung forward to reveal a small hole behind it, through which the four boys climbed. They passed through the comfy Common Room and walked up a staircase at the far end of the tower, where they found a circular room with five four-poster beds. Their luggage had already been brought up to their rooms, so they merely got their pyjamas out of their trunks, brushed their teeth quickly and fell onto their beds, too tired to continue their discussion any further. They fell asleep even before their fifth dorm-mate Frank Longbottom had entered the room. "Well, Mr. Jameson. Do sit down. May I offer you a drink?" Dumbledore asked the younger man pleasantly, who had settled down on a chair in front of him. "No thank you, sir." "Please, call me Albus, now that we are colleagues." "Alright, Albus." Jameson said, finally pulling off his hood to reveal his face. It was severely scarred in many places, the most eye-catching one being a very fine scar on his forehead, in the shape of a lightning bolt. His black, shoulder-length hair, which was messier than that of Padfoot, was pulled back into a ponytail. His eyes were blue, but somewhat dull and lifeless, as though they had suffered through too much pain to carry on. Dumbledore eyed him critically, his eyes resting a tad longer on the scar on his forehead than on his other features. "Could you tell me a little about yourself?" He inquired, once he had finished his scrutiny. Jameson hesitated, then nodded. "But this has to stay between us, alright?" Dumbledore nodded, wondering what Jameson wanted to tell him that could be of such importance. "My name is not really Ethan Jameson. My name is Harry Potter." "I see. Are you related to James Potter, a Seventh Year Gryffindor, by any chance?" "Yes, I am." The man said. He hesitated again, then spoke. "I'm his son."