The irony nearly made me faint, except I've never fainted, save that one time I was severely dehydrated and had low blood sugar, but even then, I stayed (barely) conscious. So I laughed nervously, invited myself in, and sat on her couch, where old Doctor Who reruns were on. "About what? You don't have to tell me if you don't want to," I added. If she came clean now, then I would have to come clean, because I don't like having a power imbalance among my friends. Of course, being a crown princess makes an automatic power imbalance, but that didn't count. At least, I think it doesn't. Marlene coughed nervously. "It's about Severus. I know I told you I wouldn't bring him up, ever, but I kind of need to." I relaxed, because it wasn't anything serious, but I also tensed up, because I hate arguing about Sev with Marlene. "What about him?" I asked, my eyes narrowing. I'd never really understood that whole 'eyes narrowing' thing, but my eyes totally did it. I suppose it's not very princess-y of me. God, I'm going to have to work on my manners now. I haven't thought about my manners since I was about six years old! Whatever. Back to Marlene. "He just posted another one of those articles about how Prince James is an elitist snob who cares about no one but himself—" Here I rolled my eyes. Marlene's obsession with Gryffindor's Prince James was legendary—not in the 'I want to have his babies!' sense, but the 'his political stances and economical decisions make me so intellectually stimulated' sense. I don't really understand her." "Don't roll your eyes!" She said, reaching for the remote to turn down the volume on...who was it? I think it was Peter Davidson, as the fifth Doctor. I don't really care. "He posted that article, but...it was from a neo-Nazi site." Here I frowned. "What do you mean?" "I mean exactly what I said! Severus Snape is on neo-Nazi sites." "I'm sure he didn't realize it," I said, but my mouth felt sour around the words. Marlene's eyes narrowed right back at me. "Lillian Iris Evans. I think you need to talk to Snape. As soon as possible." Her eyes strayed to her phone. "I'm a little scared, Lil. Snape is around you all the time, I see him quite often..." I feel guilty I didn't immediately think of this. Marlene is Jewish. If seeing neo-Nazi things make me uncomfortable, I can't think of what it does to her. "Of course, Marl. I'm sorry, I didn't think—I didn't mean to defend him. Them. I'll talk to him. In the meantime, uh...block him?" "Blocking Nazis won't make them go away," Marlene said miserably. "I'm sorry, Lily. I didn't mean to get all...serious." She cleared her throat. "Want to put on old Anne Hathaway movies?" I smiled, but it was forced. "Make it The Devil Wears Prada and you have a deal. I'll be right back." So I'm here. Still not sure I'm doing this diary thing correct. I think I'll call Sev once I leave Marlene's—actually, you know what? Screw going home. I'm sleeping over here. It's summer; mum knows I'm mad at her. I'm texting mum and telling her I'm staying. Then I'll tell Marlene I just invited myself to stay the night. Wednesday June 6, 8:58 pm Marlene's living room MARLENE AND LILY'S LIST OF HOT BOYS (in no particular order) 1. Chris Pine Okay, I can get behind this. I liked him in Star Trek, he really captured Kirk's essence. Don't be such a nerd, Marlene. 2. Tom Welling Who? That guy from Smallville. And you say I'M a nerd. Oh well, no arguments here. 3. Prince James Potter Ugh, why? He always looks so stuck-up... His foreign affairs policies are dreamy. Oh my god Marlene you need a shag so badly. 4. Emma Watson Lily this is a list of hot boys. Yeah, but I felt the list needed diversity. Besides, she's hot. ...agreed. 5. Oscar Isaac YES THANK YOU. Sexy x-wing fighter pilots make me so happy! Marlene I'm getting bored. Me too. Luckily for me, Marlene was cool with me staying over. My mother, not so much. "Lily Evans, we need to talk. Come home right now or I'm sending Petunia over." "No you're not," I heard Petunia say petulantly from somewhere near my mum's shoulder. "I'm angry at both of you. I'm not doing anyone's fetching." Mum made a noise of frustration somewhere between a goat bleating and Satan's roar. "Just because you've discovered you're heir to the throne of a small country does not mean you can shirk this family—" "What family?" I hissed, keeping my voice quiet so Marlene wouldn't overhear. "You lied to me. So watch me shirk." I'm being very immature right now, but frankly, I deserve to be immature once in a while. I'm all snuggled into the squashy purple sleeping bags Marlene keeps in her hall closet, and we've got old chick flicks playing on Netflix, a bowl of M&Ms between us. This is EXACTLY what I need right now. Now Marlene's yelling and saying I need to stop writing and paying attention so I'm gonna do that before she steals this bye. A/N HELLO EVERYONE! No, I haven't abandoned Road to 100, a new chapter should be up soon, but I'm now working on a very new MULTI-CHAPTER FIC! You'll notice that the chapters are longer—I can't promise it'll be like that for ALL of them, but each chapter will be a day, and I'm mimicking the Princess Diaries book style. Disclaimer: i do not, of course, own either harry potter or the princess diaries. And don't you all worry—prince james will be in the picture soon enough! let me know what you think! I'm so excited to show this to you all, I've been working SO hard on this (and tr100!) between college apps and work. Have a lovely day! Alys