quickly and stood in front of the gargoyle, shifting his weight nervously, uncertain as to what the password was. Oliver had not told him. Luckily, Dumbledore must have been waiting for him, because the gargoyle hopped aside and Percy ascended a spiraling staircase, wary. Inside Dumbledore's office, Percy was surprised to find Fred and George, Charlie, Bill, and Nymphadora Tonks. His heart suddenly leapt to his throat. He could only think of one reason for them all to be there. "Has something happened?" he asked worriedly, fear causing his stomach to twist with worry. Merlin, something must have happened. He hoped his parents were okay, and Ron and Ginny. Bill smiled at him reassuringly, "Don't worry, Perce. Everything's fine," he walked over and patted his back, "We just want to talk to you about something." Bill lead Percy to a chair in front of Dumbledore's desk and Percy sat down, frowning. Dumbledore was seated on the other end, looking thoughtfully at an old piece of parchment. He glanced up at Percy and smiled, "Lemon drop?" Percy looked at the man incredulously, but accepted the offer, popping the candy into his mouth. "Your younger brothers have made quite the discovery," Dumbledore spoke, holding the piece of parchment up, "The Marauder's Map. I daresay, I assumed the Marauders had finished causing their problems years ago," he said, eyes twinkling, "This parchment shows the entire castle, and everyone in the castle. I have already checked it for its accuracies and I daresay that it is an impressive feat of magic, and very accurate. Yet, something seems to be amiss." Percy stared at the older man, an expression of bafflement covering his face. He had no idea why the man was telling Percy this. In his pocket, Peter had begun to shift around nervously. "According to the map, there is someone who has been following you around the castle, and sleeping in your bed with you," Dumbledore spoke, a bit of concern lacing his words, "Do you know anything about this?" Percy felt his stomach drop at the man's words and he stared in shock, "W- No! No one's been in my bed. The map is obviously wrong." "Ah, I assumed that at first, but, you see, the name of the person who appears to be doing this is thought to be dead." "Then obviously it's wrong!" Percy exclaimed with wide eyes. Scabbers was flailing in his pocket now. Percy let out an annoyed grunt and pulled the scrambling rat out, "Oh, shush, you." Dumbledore was looking at the parchment again and he frowned, glancing back up at Percy. His eyes caught sight of Scabbers and the twinkle in his eyes vanished, "Mr. Weasley. How long have you had your rat?" "Eight years," Percy said, very confused. He struggled to keep a hold of Scabbers, who was trying very hard to get away now. What was with him? "I found him in the garden." "May I see him?" Dumbledore asked, holding out his hand. Percy, completely lost, went to hand the rat towards his Headmaster, but suddenly dropped the rodent when it bit his finger hard, "Ow!" he exclaimed, pulling his injured hand to himself, "He bit me!" Charlie reacted quickly, drawing his wand, "Stupefy," he said. The spell hit the rat straight on, and it crumpled to the floor, passed out. "Ah, very good, Mr. Weasley," Dumbledore exclaimed cheerfully. He stood up and walked gracefully to the unconscious rat, scooping down to pick it up. He set it on the desk and drew his own wand. "What are you doing to him?" Percy demanded, horrified. He was about to grab his pet but Bill put a hand on his shoulder, pulling him away. There was a grim, worried look across his face. Charlie had one hand on both Fred and George's arms, keeping them from moving forward with their curiosity. Dumbledore waved his wand and Percy watched in horror as Scabbers suddenly began to grow. His fur disappeared and tail seemed to grow into him, and his arms and legs grew longer and his skin was pale and clothes covered his skin and suddenly, there was a man lying unconscious across Dumbledore's desk, having knocked several objects off in his transformation. Dumbledore did not seem to mind, instead staring at the man in a silent thought. "Is that-" Bill asked, cutting himself off and swallowing thickly. "That's Peter Pettigrew," Tonks exclaimed. She had been silent the entire time, letting Dumbledore take control of the situation, but she now stepped forward, "That's impossible." "Evidently not, Ms. Tonks," Dumbledore stated softly. He reached out, picking up one of the man's hands, "Missing a finger." Tonks drew her wand but did not raise it. She stared at the man in dawning realization, "All they found of him was a finger…" "What's going on?" Percy demanded, turning to Bill, "Why did Scabbers just turn into a man. Bill?" Bill drew a shaky breath, "Scabbers seems to be an Animagus. He is not a rat." "But… But… That's impossible. He's Scabbers!" Percy exclaimed, near tears. He couldn't understand what was going on, "You're lying!" " He's been sleeping in Percy's bed?" George gasped. The twins were staring at the unconscious man in surprise, looking, for once, serious. Percy felt sick at his words. He shook and Bill suddenly wrapped his arms around him, hugging him tightly. He buried his head in his brother's robes. He was confused and frightened and what did they mean this man was sleeping in his bed? "Sir," Bill spoke up after a moment, "Should I alert my parents?" Dumbledore was quiet for a moment before shaking his head, "No, I can do that. I need to alert the Ministry to this new development as well," he said, before closing his eyes and saying, very clearly, "Expecto Patronum." Author's Note: Thanks for reading! This is the prologue to a story idea that popped into my mind. I'd love to hear what you guys think!