there. After Harry let her go and Ron had his hug, Molly bustled through. She pulled Hermione into a great hug murmuring her relief in her ear. Hermione felt their love surround her and broke down for the first time since the battle. She was sobbing on shoulder after shoulder as everyone hugged her and welcomed her back. Molly motioned for Fleur to usher Hermione inside and pushed the distraught girl into a chair at the kitchen table. "Tell us Hermione dear, where you have hidden yourself for all this time? We have been worried sick about you! We thought that you might have been captured by one of the Death Eaters that got away." "I was researching. I wanted to know about the bond that I was forced into. It took me a while but I finally found it in the Alexandria library." "The Alexandria library in Egypt? No way! The Egyptian magical government never lets outsiders in their library." Bill was shocked. He had worked in Egypt for years and he still never got to go in. "I didn't exactly ask permission Bill." Hermione said coldly. The table went silent. Some of them were looking at her with new fearful eyes. It wasn't what she said, it was how she said it. Miss rule abiding Granger had broken at least thirty laws in the last few months. Harry and Ron just smiled. Just because everyone assumed Hermione was a habitual rule follower doesn't mean she actually was. They had rubbed off on her over the years. Arthur hurried in the house, back from the Ministry in a panic. "You-know-who has escaped and we aren't sure how. All of the Dementor's are gone but the prisoners remain. We have no idea what to make of that." "I have Voldemort. Don't worry. I have him tightly leashed. The Dementor's were going to flee soon anyway. Not a lot of sustenance from feeding off of those inmates." Hermione said lifting the cup of tea Molly just pushed in front of her. "You broke Voldemort out of prison?" Harry asked confused. "If you call walking in, securing an unbreakable vow and walking back out with him in tow, breaking him out then sure." She said matter-of-factly, still nonchalantly sipping her tea. The room went silent as they stared incredulously at her. "Why?" Ron choked out. "Because no matter what I do, no matter where I go, he is a part of me now. I refuse to let the Ministry get off of punishment. They are stagnant and corrupted and if I don't do something they will never change. They can use him against me as surely as I could be used against him. I am stronger with him, as improbable as that sounds. Don't worry, he won't become the Dark Lord we fought against. Our vow prevents that." "I am starting to worry that you will take his place." Ginny said. "I know what it is like to be taken by Tom Riddle, to be possessed by him." "Oddly enough Ginny, he is the one technically possessed by me. This bond is an exchange of souls. Half of his soul is supposed to reside in me and half of mine in him. The problem with this is that Voldemort only had a seventh of his soul in his body. So he gets half of my soul and I get a half of his seventh. My soul is technically still mine to control, which does not make us equals. He is mine." Ron's eyes went large as what Hermione was saying sank in. There was no chance for them. Not now. Hermione watched as all of the hope died in Ron's eyes. "So he is your Horcrux?" Harry said horrified. "No, we both can die but the bond will make us fight for each other. The Ministry really should have thought it through more carefully." Hermione said. "You want to bring the Ministry down? I am in." Ron said. He had lost his brother and Hermione that day on the battlefield. Today he thought he had gotten her back just to have the rug pulled from beneath his feet. He was furious all over again. Harry nodded. The Ministry caused him so many problems over the years. He couldn't ignore that the Ministry was just one of the heads on the hydra called enemy. It wasn't long before she had secured the alliance of her loved ones. Harry would floo to Hogwarts to discuss the coup with Dumbledore, hopefully bringing in the entire Order. Hermione left the Burrow with left overs and an open invitation to come alone, anytime. She rolled her eyes. She had no doubt that Voldemort wouldn't be welcome anywhere but among his own followers. If there. With a quiet pop she apparated back to the tent. She pushed the tent flap aside and stepped into a silent and empty room. "You didn't think I would sit at home and wait while my wife took care of business, did you? He asked from behind her. She spun, hitting his chest, he was so close. She took a quick breath in. He had showered and changed his clothes. He had to have left to get clean clothes. "Where did you go?" She asked clearly displeased. "Malfoy Manor. Don't worry Lovely, I disillusioned myself so as not to get caught. It was an amusing game watching the Aurors trying to breach the wards around the estate. I don't believe they will ever break through at the rate they are going. They don't have you Darling." He whispered as he pulled her further into his body. "Don't." she said coldly. "Don't what? Hold my wife?" "I may be your wife but make no mistake, you can only touch me when I allow it." "So you say." He murmured running his fingers along her jaw. She leaned into his touch like a cat. He surmised that she would purr for him if she could.