over the trick stair in tandem. Lily nodded. "Dumbledore included it in my letter. I get to set the common room password now, did you know?" "That's great!" Mary said, yawning. "Set it to something like... 'Mary is my favorite'. That should do it. Those Slytherins will never guess it." "Even if they did, they couldn't say it," Lily said wryly. "I doubt they can say the name of a muggleborn without Voldemort knowing." Mary giggled. "Don't let them hear you say his name." "Oh, I'm just joking." Lily held aside a tapestry that hid a secret corridor. She only knew about it from following James Potter and Peter Pettigrew after one of their midnight jaunts to the kitchens. It was an educational stalk, she had reasoned. Learning the location of the kitchens could definitely come in handy later. "Not all Slytherins are bad, after all." Mary raised an eyebrow. "I swear, if you say Snape—" "I wasn't going to!" Lily said defensively. "I know...I know what he's done. I know what his friends tried to do to you. But I'm just saying, all this prejudice...it's what they're doing to us, isn't it?" "Lily, you can't do that. Make me feel guilty for hating Slytherins, I mean," she clarified off Lily's questioning look. "I liked it when things were clear. Gryffindors good, Slytherins evil gits. Hufflepuffs nice gits. Ravenclaws smart gits." Lily rolled her eyes. "I know why you're not a smart git, then." "Ah, but you admit I'm a git." "I suppose as gits go, you're not the worst." They had reached the portrait of the Fat Lady, and Lily smiled up at her. "Oh, Miss Evans!" The Fat Lady was smiling back at her. "I see you've made Head Girl. Congratulations!" "Thank you," Lily said politely. "Now, as Head Girl, I've heard I'll be setting passwords—do I need to tell you or do you know as soon as I put it up on the Gryffindor bulletin board?" The Fat Lady shifted."You don't need to tell me, dear, but I do enjoy our chats." "Blishwick," Lily said, and the portrait swung forward to admit the two girls. "I still don't see why you spend so much time talking to her," Mary said, as the two ascended the staircase to the girls' dormitories. Lily smirked. "You never know. Our friendship could come in handy if I ever feel the need to bar a certain Gryffindor access to the common room as a personal favor." Mary raised an eyebrow outside the door to the 7th year girls' dorm. "You plan on pranking James Potter a lot this year, don't you?" "I like to think of it more as revenge." Lily's eyes fell on a door next to the one she usually entered. "Is that..." A small bronze plaque next to the door read 'Head Girl'. Lily inhaled sharply. "I didn't realize." Mary grinned. "Well, let's check out your new abode, shall we?" Lily pushed the door open. There was a note from Dumbledore on her nightstand, explaining the spell to set a password for her own room and the common room. The room itself was simple. It was round and had a pointed ceiling, as it was at the very top of the tower. The fourposter was queen-sized, and as usual draped in Gryffindor colors. There was an adjoining bathroom. "Wow," Mary breathed. "I might sneak up here and share your bathroom if Hestia and Marlene hog it again this year." "You're welcome to," Lily said, in awe of the room herself. "And if for some reason you have a row with them—which you better not—you're welcome to stay here." Mary gave her friend a hug. "I'm absolutely knackered," she said. "And to think it's barely eight," Lily said. "We're getting old, Mare." Mary grinned. "I'm going to bed, unless you need anything." When Lily shook her head, Mary took her by the shoulders. "I'm serious. Get me whenever. I know you're having a bit of a tough time—" "Mary, sometimes I think you ought to have been a Hufflepuff," Lily said loudly, mostly to shut the other girl up. "I'll take that as a compliment," Mary sniffed. "My older brother was a Hufflepuff." "Goodnight," Lily said, picking up the bit of parchment Dumbledore had left for her and began thinking of passwords. "Night, dear." As soon as Mary had shut the door Lily collapsed onto her new bed. She wasn't tired, really, just overwhelmed. Her final year of Hogwarts, her new Head duties, James Potter's insufferable personality... She was suddenly struck with the perfect password—one no one would ever guess, because why on earth would she use it? Muttering the incantation, she drew her wand in a circle and then pointed it to the door. "Potter," she said clearly. The door shimmered gold for a few seconds, then faded. She hurried into the hallway and shut the door, then tested it. "Potter," she muttered, then tried the door. It opened easily. Satisfied with her work, Lily went back to her room. Her trunk had been delivered by a House Elf, as had her owl. She scrawled a quick note to her mother, notifying her of her safe arrival, and sent Mercury off, the letter fastened to his leg. Lily heard the other girls coming up from dinner as she got ready for bed. She debated whether or not to go down to their dormitory and say goodnight, but decided against it. They'd talk in the morning. Realizing that Hestia would not be around to wake her up in the mornings anymore, she set the alarm clock by the bed for seven in the morning and collapsed onto the dark red covers. This year was shaping up to be a struggle, but Lily always did like a challenge. A/N Okay, here's the first chapter! I think I've solved my formatting issues, but we'll see! :) Disclaimer: If you haven't guessed, I'm not JK Rowling. I wish I were. But I'm not.