around but couldn't find faith at any of the tables. "Hey where is faith?" he said looking at Crabbe and Goyle. "Don't know…"Goyle said "haven't seen her all day or at all yesterday." Crabbe said. Then a girl leaned over having heard them talking. "she's been in the girls dorm for 2 days crying herself in and out of sleep… poor dear… and she won't speak to anyone either." Harry and Draco exchanged a look and ran back to the common room to see if they could find her. Just has the girl had said she was crying on her bed. "Faith are you ok?" harry walked in feeling strange about being in the room that he was sure girls had changed in. "no harry I'm not… schools over now." "Is that what this is about? You know we'll be back next year." Draco said from the doorway. "But we should go eat now I'm starving." Harry said rolling his eyes and faiths eyes got really big then her stomach growled. "Yes… I suppose we should go eat…" they got back to the great hall and found a spot to sit and began to eat. "You guys know this is our last full night together." Faith said "but thanks for cheering me up harry." She smiled a bit then ripped into a piece of turkey. The next day they sat quietly on the Hogwarts express on their way home for the summer. He couldn't wait he was so excited finally faith broke the silence. "So I guess this is goodbye." She said throwing her hands over her face. "Come on faith don't cry we'll see you next year…" Draco said then looked out the window. "Of course faith we'll always be friends." Harry then also looked out the window faith looked out the window too. "The view sure is nice." Faith said. The train screeched to a stop and everyone filed out of their compartments. Harry saw Draco run to his father as soon has he got off. Harry felt something deep down a hate for Draco for having a family. Faith ran to her mom and dad who had both been waiting by the door. Harry walked over to Draco and looked at the father figure. "Hello Mr. Potter, I'm luscious Malfoy… we met once before but not formally." he extended his hand to harry and harry shook it. "Thank you sir…. For letting me stay with you…" harry said. "Not at all my dear boy... any friend of Draco is a friend of mine" The Malfoys started to walk back to the wall that harry had come through at the beginning of the year when Ron's mom had shown him how to get through. And they walked out to an old looking car. "Is this yours harry said looking at the car because they had stopped walking. "No boy that is Author Weasly's car we are traveling in a much most stylish ride." Luscious grabbed Harry's and Draco's arms looked around, next thing harry knew they were in an incredible place he had never been before. "What happened?" harry said feeling as if he might puke. "It's called aspirating boy… you'll have to get used to it because we do it A LOT!" luscious yelled then went to sit down. "It's ok he always gets a bit grumpy when he does that." Draco said running up stairs to put his things away. "Dobby help harry potter with his trunk!" luscious yelled and puffed on a pipe. "Yes sir, dobby will do it sir… get right on it dobby will sir." The small house elf grabbed Harry's trunk and carried it upstairs. Harry out of curiosity followed him. "Here is Mr. Potter's guest room…" dobby said putting the trunk down and fleeing from the room. Harry put his things in the cabinet next to his bed and lay back on his bed. "Well harry, let the best summer of your life begin." -THE END Chapter 11: notes to the reader. Hello everyone :) welcome to the end of book one :) I suppose you are all wondering why it has ended so early and why I've put this message here. A few reasons one of which is to clear up somethings about myself... I am indeed female... I'm at right now the age of 23... I have been diagnosed with ADHD... and I possibly have other things on top of that... Firstly yes I have made a few grammatical errors. And some of the words aren't the right words and I'm sorry about that but I've been over the story a million times and haven't found any problems in my own mind. Secondly my inspiration for this story was mostly due to JK. Rowling's harry potter books and the films... I got the idea from role playing the next gen with my friends marry and erised... marry plays herself in the role play and erised plays albas potter... I just call him potter... anyway it was them that gave me the idea to write... also I had to had more characters due to lack of harry talking to anyone other than Draco, Ron, and harmonies. The new characters were Elle Streator, jean bloodhorn, faith, and erised sed hoffmire. these were inspired by my other friends from our online pottermore chat... ... now erised sed is not the same erised that rps with me... that would be odd if a female played my bf lol... anyway... we all play pottermore... which is a site created by JK that is based on the books and movies. It's pretty cool you should totally check it out... So anyway this has been littlejadelady (- YouTube) I love you all... especially my friends that helped me write in new characters and bits of my story. Disclaimer: I did use direct lines from the first and second harry potter movies... I am not claiming ownership of those lines... they just fit so I used them.