She yelled. "You didn't know?" Ron said. "Obviously not," "Maybe, you should take your own advice, Hermione, and live," Harry muttered quietly. Hermione smiled and ran out of Grimmauld like a bat out of hell, disapparating the moment she cleared the wards. Appearing in the Ministry atrium, breaking several wards in doing so. People milled around and stopped to stare at the angry witch that everyone knew by name. Hermione stomped up to the help witch and growled, "Where is Kingsley?" "Level one. But he is in a meeting now!" Hermione didn't even stop to retort to the nervous witch and strode to the lifts, intent on stopping whatever ridiculous notion Draco had conjured. Waiting for the lift to arrive at the correct level was nothing short of aggravating. She tapped her foot and glared at anyone who stopped the lift refusing to let anyone on in her haste to get to the Minister's office. When the doors finally opened on level one, she sprinted down the corridor, happy that she was finally there. With a flick of her wrist, the door was blown wide open. The minister, Draco, and Kingsley stared at her in open-mouthed shock. Hermione ignored everyone but her husband, focusing exclusively on Draco. "Hermione?" Draco asked, perplexed. "You don't want to be married to me?" She yelled. "I want to be married to you but you were never given a choice. I want you to have a choice." "Wonderful because if you continue to try and get us a divorce, also without asking, I will hex off your balls!" "You don't want a divorce?' "If I did want to divorce you, don't you think that would have been the first thing I did?" Her voice grew softer as she moved into the room. She reached out her hand and threaded her fingers in his. "Ask me." "Will you be my wife?" He asked with baited breath. "Yes." "It's about damn time," Blaise drawled from the doorway, a silver flask in hand. "What are you doing here?" Draco asked curiously. "I need to know where Ginevra was laid to rest so I can move on with my life." "We'll take you," Hermione kindly said. **HGHG** Draco sat in the sunroom with Hermione's swollen feet in his lap. She was laying on the couch, her book balanced on her pregnant belly while she ate watermelon with the other. Watermelon was something that she ate every day and if she didn't have it, she turned into a she-devil. So, he made sure the manor was well stocked. Lucius was sipping tea in the wingback near the door, watching Draco out of the corner of his eyes. It had taken months to nurse him back to health after his extended stay in his own dungeons and once the healers gave him a clear bill of health, Draco told him of his marriage to Hermione and how it came about. Once Lucius got over that shock, they told him she was pregnant. Now he was just as doting as Draco, if not more so. Who could argue with a magical mating? They would undoubtedly have powerful children and just like Draco predicted, that is exactly what Lucius focused on. The floo turned green and Draco watched Potter step into the manor. "Hello Potter," "Malfoy, Lucius," He nodded at the two Malfoy men and went up to Hermione, plucking her book off her belly. "You are going to squish my godson." "Stop jinxing it Potter, that's my daughter in there." "I thought Malfoy's always have male heirs first," Harry teased. "They do," Lucius said, amused. Hermione rolled her eyes. "What do you want Harry? I'm bloated, have heartburn, my sciatic nerve feels like it's attached to a live wire, and I am due any day. I don't want to move my feet from Draco's lap. He gives the most amazing foot massages." "Kingsley was inaugurated as the Minister of Magic this afternoon." "That is not news. You told me he was taking office last week." "Yes, well his first order was to award Draco with an Order of Merlin first class since the last minister made it clear that he and his father were extremely lucky not to be tossed in Azkaban." Hermione smiled fondly at Draco. "Narcissa was also awarded one posthumously," Harry added, watching Draco as he stopped rubbing her feet and closed off his face. The only indication that he was experiencing deep feelings. Hermione sat up with great difficulty and held her hand out for Harry to take so that she could stand. "That's brilliant. Isn't it Draco?" All at once a gush fell to the floor from between her legs. She looked down calmly. "My water just broke," Draco jumped up in a flurry and bounced between rooms, gathering everything that she could possibly need and more. Hermione rolled her eyes and trudged from the room, Emmy at her feet cleaning up the birth water as she went. "where do you think you are going?" Draco's shrill yell pierced through the whole house. "To brush my teeth, then we can go." "Your water broke." "I am aware," "We have to go right now!" "The baby will wait until after I brush my teeth." With a grumble, Draco ran to her and swept her into his arms apparating them to their rooms. "You are impossible, Woman!" "And you love me anyway!" "Merlin, help me but it's true." Hermione brushed her teeth and slid her arm around her grumpy husband's neck. "I am ready." The hospital quickly filled with friends and family of the couple, pureblooded and Muggleborns, light side, and dark. It wasn't long before Draco was back, eyes wide and frightened, a little pink bundle in one arm and a little blue bundle in the other. "Scorpius and Regina Malfoy" Draco presented his children proudly. He was swamped as the gathering crowded in close, cooing over the newest members of the family. He couldn't have been happier.