think of, he held her, stroking her hair and murmuring comforting words. He wasn't the slightest bit surprised when her sobs died down and he looked to find she had fallen fast asleep. Jake did get to go in and see Arthur. Ginny had innocently enough let her mother know that he wasn't able to go in because he wasn't family. Molly started muttering about ridiculous hospitals and of course that boy was family. Jake couldn't help the full belly laugh when Arthur asked his opinion on a crazy muggle concept called stitches. [•][•][•][•][•] Jake stood in the living room at the Burrow looking at the pictures on the mantle. Molly came in bustling about with a full laundry basket topped off with her old clock. Her eyes were rimmed red and she was sniffling. "Here let me take that from you." Jake jumped into action, he may be a dragon tamer but his momma pushed the importance of good manners. "Oh, thank you dear. Just there on the table would be lovely. So how long are you two here for?" Molly asked. "Just a day or two. We have a meeting with Mr. Dumbledore, then were headed back to Romania." Jake smiled as he set the basket in the table. "I see. Would you like some tea dear?" Molly asked, not wanting to talk about Order business just now. "No, thank you ma'am. I never have taken to tea." Jake said with a smile. "Well, I won't hold that against you. So tell me have you found a girl yet?" Molly smiled slightly. "Oh now, who could compare to you Mrs. Weasley. Why would I even look?" Jake laughed, he walked around the living room, his eye catching on the newest photo once again. It was a photo of Ginny and who he figured to be Hermione. The two witches were quite dressed up, looking as though they were at some sort of dinner party. Jake couldn't help but notice how much Ginny had grown up since he'd seen her last Christmas. "You are a charmer! And if you call me Mrs. Weasley again, I may just take a page from Ginny's book and hex you." Molly laughed. "It is Molly, or mum. Whichever you prefer." "Yes ma'am, Ma." Jake laughed again. "As far as girls go, there isn't much to choose from in Romania, especially when I work twelve hours every day." "Yes, well. Just be sure you are taking care of yourself. Eating enough. You know I miss you boys when you're gone." Molly said. "It's a shame you two came when everyone's at school. I know they would love to see you. Ginny most of all." "Yeah, she has a special relationship with Char. Don't say anything but I think he's her favorite." Jake laughed, his eyes landed on the photo once more. "Oh, he always has been. Since she was big enough to know better. So much alike those two. I know she thinks highly of you as well. I know that the two of you write to each other quite a bit." Molly said as she began to fold the clothes in her basket. "Please don't take it the wrong way. I'm not being a creep I swear. I honestly think she just needed someone a bit more detached from the situation to talk to." Jake said, feeling a bit nervous all of a sudden. "I don't think you're anything of the sort Jacob. I never have thanked you for your part in all of that journal business. I know she was really struggling after all of that, and you helped to bring her out of the dark." Molly said. "Oh I didn't do anything but listen to her." Jake said, trying to play it off. "And that was precisely what she needed. Her brothers were there to protect her, Harry was there to save her. I'm afraid Arthur and I were there to smother her, but you were there to listen. That was probably the most important thing for her. You've always listened to her, to what she really says. That's important." Molly said. "Well, in all fairness, she listens to me too. She makes it easy." Jake told her. "Yes, well I'll say this one time, then that'll be the end of it from me. For now anyway. Ginny is young, she's figuring out her life. I know she's started dating boys, I know she has eyes for Harry. I also know that she's had quite the crush on you for years. All I'm going to say is that if she means as much to you as I think she does, well she's worth the wait. I love Harry like my own, that boy had certainly had more than his fair share of grief, but I love you too dear. In the end, as long as my girl is happy, I'll be happy." Molly said, placing the folded laundry back in her basket. "I-I I mean she… you… I'm afraid I don't know what to say right now." Jake stuttered. It was true that Jake had come to realise just how grown up Ginny had become lately. He didn't know that he really thought of her in a romantic way however. She was really much too young for him. Not to mention she was seeing that David, or Donald or Dean kid, whatever his name was. On top of all that, Jake knew how much she cared for Harry, he didn't think he really had a chance with her, not that he needed one, or even wanted one. She did look awful pretty in that red dress, though, he thought as his eyes landed on the mantle yet again. "You don't have to say anything dear. I told you I'd say my piece and be done with it. Now, I believe I will go get started on supper." Molly said, and Jake was sure there was a new gleam in her eye.