toilet to freshen himself. "Ginny love, you know that I would like to join you in lazying the whole day, but your mother will kill us if we don't hurry" he called loudly. He then felt a small hand on his stomach, slowly moving down towards his navel and a hot breath near his ear " I rather think we have a bit more time to enjoy ourselves, don't you?" asked his girlfriend in a sultry tone. He groaned a bit and decided to give in. Not like he didn't get anything out of it. He had spent the last few days pampering the little redhead in every way possible, to reassure her that yes, he still loved her and yes, she could still make his head spin. o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o Lunch at the Weasley's house was always a rowdy affair, full of babies screaming, excited chatter and loud discussions on Quidditch and how the Cannons would surely win the next match, and didn't you see, they lost the last one with only four hundred points of difference! Harry moved towards the kitchen, hugging Mrs. Weasley and shaking Mr. Weasley's hand, offering him two bottle of Cabernet Franc Lavinia Maria 2003. Arthur smiled in thanks, always one to enjoy a good wine, and motioned him to the table, where he hugged and slapped on the back the various members of the wider Weasley family. As always, lunch was amazing, and he said so to Molly who smiled at him tremulously, and dabbed her eyes, asking the age-old question with a slightly different approach "Thank you, Harry dear, it's always a pleasure being appreciated, but you know that if you take this mission for those wackos at the DoM you will not eat anything decent for months. Do you truly have to?" Everyone made faces all around the table, as this was a current topic in the last couple of months during the Sunday lunches. "Mom, leave him alone, you know how Harry is. Once he is fixed on something, he will not leave it alone!" Somewhat surprisingly Percy said, conveying everyone's sentiment about the Weasley's matron tentatives to make Harry stay and not undertake the mysterious mission for the Unspeakables. Obviously both his condition and his future travel weren't common knowledge; already that two more people (Ginny and Ron) knew of it was straining the limits! Harry smiled apologetically at Molly, making her slump in defeat " I'm sorry , but I'm going to take this mission. However, I promise to contact you all whenever I can" Molly perked up a bit, like others around the table, that had feared a complete black out of communications. Ginny smiled sadly before shaking her head, knowing that there was little she could do to stop him, and that she should instead support him. The pleasant heat of April's sun, together with the heaviness of the lunch left the in a pleasant heaviness, and only a quiet chatter remained. After having regained his bearings Harry called Ginny and moved around the garden to say goodbye to everyone. After a strong handshake with and a bone-bruising hug from Mrs. Weasley, they were both off with the floo toward Grimmauld. o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o It was a small group that was to be found in the newest Chamber of the DoM, the Chamber of Travel. Harry found himself listening for the umpteenth time to Hermione's listing of everything he should do and have done "… and then, once you have ensured that it is indeed a sister dimension, and that you still have the cloak with you, that will act as a beacon for us to call you back, you should infiltrate the ministry with these papers" she babbled, shoving into his hands a stack of formal looking parchment, that he swiftly put into his Mokeskin pouch " and perform the simple Ritual of Naming that we talked about earlier, as you know that six hours is the limit before your reality starts to fade away if there are two identical people, and then go to Gringotts and open the new account" Hermione then took a deep breath and smiled at him " after making sure to have implated the right memories in the right people, you'll be free to do what you want, making sure to note down every similarity and difference for us to study" She the threw herself at him and hugged him for all that he was worth "Be careful Harry, we'll see you in a couple of months, or for you a decade" She then moved, making space for Ron to manly embrace him, very manly, without any teary eye or nonsense like that. Ginny just kissed his lips softly, having given her goodbyes the previous night. Harry then motioned to the Unspeakable in grey robes, who waved his wand in a complex pattern alongside two others, making slowly appear a rift in the space in front of them. They nodded at him and he took a deep breath, looking for the last time at his best friends in the world and his love and then walked with the head held high towards his next great adventure. o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o.o TADAAAAAAAAAN! weeeeell… That's the first chapter of my new fic. I freely admit being inspired by the Lone Traveler series. It's amazing and you should read it! Like you'll have read in the summary, it's about MoD Harry who has to travel around the realities and helps various people he knew from his original world. This time he will take the role of DADA teacher for the alternate Harry's second year and then on. The next chapter will mostly be about his arrival and the first two years where he travels around a bit to understand the new world. If there is any spelling or grammar error, please tell me and I'll correct it. If there is anything you notice isn't working in a space/continuity, please tell me. I hope you'll enjoy it! See ya next time