weight back in forth on her feet. "I don't know about the 'allowed to come here part,' but I do know that people frequent this fine establishment quite often." He replied as he led her toward the shack. Turning towards James, she asked, "Isn't it haunted?" He turned and faced her, "Do you really think it is?" Confusion clouded her face, "There isn't really anything else it could be. I mean Dumbledore told us that is what haunted, and I trust him." "Yeah, well, my parents never told me anything about a haunted shack outside of Hogsmeade." He stated simply and continued to lead her toward the run-down building. When they reached the rotted door James questioned, "Do you want to see the inside?" "I—I don't know—I—I—I mean, I don't know if we should," she stuttered and James smirked, "I mean, as Head Boy and Girl we should be setting examples for other students not encouraging them to do anything against the rules, and—" "Evans! There wasn't anything in our job descriptions about going to the 'haunted' shack. It's fine!" "But Dumbledore said—" By this point James had already opened the door, "To be honest, I could care less about what he said about the shack." Lily, blinked, stunned, "Potter, that isn't very…" "What? Nice? Oh and the name is James, I thought we were past formalities." "But, but, you just said 'Evans' ten seconds ago!" exclaimed Lily. "Oh, I did? My bad," dragging her through the door as he replied. On the first floor of the shack there was dirt and cobwebs in every corner. The floor had a thick layer of grime that stuck to the bottom of James and Lily's shoes when they walked. And the staircase in front of them, leading upstairs, seemed to have a burgundy tint to parts of the railing and steps. A pungent odor of dog and blood penetrated their nostrils. James, having come here many times, wasn't bothered by it in the slightest. It reminded him of some of the Marauders' best times together. Lily on the other hand, not so much, "It smells awful in here! Like animals and…" she paused, "blood?.." she looked around trying to identify just what that slash of red on the wall was. "Ok, James, I've seen the shack and I'm good. Thanks for the tour." She said in a mock happy tone and headed for the door. "Lily, wait!" James called, but she had already made her way out of the shack. He took one last look around, remembering that there were only a few more days till he and his friends would be in this exact spot, he shuddered and ran out to get Lily. "Lily! Lily, wait, please!" he panted as he jogged to catch up to her. "Sorry, James, but scaring a girl isn't exactly a recommended way to get them to like you, just saying." "Sorry, Lills, I didn't think it would bother you! I just…" "Wait," she interrupted, "did you just call me, 'Lills'?" "Maybe…" he drawled. "Anyway it's getting late, and I guess we could call it a day and head back." "Sure, James." As they walked back, silence once again met them, making James anxious and fidgety. He began toying with the snitch in his pocket and ran his other hand through his hair. He was silently praying that Lily had enjoyed the day, even if it was slightly awkward at times. More so, he hoped she would want to go out with him again and that he had surpassed her expectations. Lily was biting her bottom lip and looking away from him, toward the left side of the path at the piles of leaves. James suddenly had an idea, and stopped walking to pick up a bunch of leaves. By the time Lily had noticed James wasn't beside her anymore and turned around, her face collided with freshly fallen leaves, curtesy of James. She was stunned for a second before retaliating. Soon, both were having a war of throwing leaves on the other person and trying to knock each other into the huge piles of leaves that lined the path back to Hogwarts, laughing and screaming the entire time. They chased each other back and forth along the path, running till they were out of breath and both had stiches in their sides, forcing them to pause and catch their breath. They both locked eyes and fell back into the leaves, laughing and breathing hard, with cold noses and red cheeks. Finally, the cold started to set in, and James got up. He reached out to Lily and she grabbed his hands, letting him pull her up. Wordlessly, they continued back to Hogwarts, sniffling from the cold. Lily pulled her jacket tighter around herself and wrapped her arms around her waist, trying in vain to block out the cold. James glanced over at her and started to put his arm around her shoulder when she looked back at him. He quickly ran his hand through his hair trying to act like nothing had happened. "You know, for sometimes being a jerk, you're alright, Potter." She smirked. "And you're not too bad yourself, Evans." Emphasizing the word, 'Evans,' he smiled back. She looked away, and this time, before she could notice what he was doing, he slipped his right arm over her shoulders. Lily stiffened slightly, but soon relaxed into his side, and leaned her head on his shoulder. James couldn't hold back the huge smile on his face as they continued walking in a comfortable quiet. Leaning his head down, he could smell her beautiful, red hair; which had a fresh, flowery scent to it. And, if everything was quiet enough, he could almost make out the rhythmic beating of her heart inside her chest, while she was leaning against him. He looked down at her and gushed with joy, because he, James Potter, had finally got his first date with the Lily Evans. The End.