nearly jumped when the door opened, and an all-too-familiar form stepped through, all eyes on her svelte form and trademark red hair. Lily Evans, back from the Soviets' grasps. " Hello, Lily, I'm Dr. Marks, and I will be conducting your psychological evaluation. I've heard that your official debriefing went well, but I'm more concerned about how you are, as opposed to how your mission went." " Certainly, Dr. Marks. I'm ready to begin whenever you feel is best." " That's great, Lily, that's just great. Could you tell me a bit about what kind of experience you had while being held in that… er, detention facility." " Please, Doctor, it was less of a detention facility and more of a hole in the ground. Quite frankly, it was hell, and while I know that it is your job to ensure I'm mentally fit to return to work, but I must tell you that I've blocked out a great majority of what happened while there, to preserve my sanity." " We all have our own ways of coping, Ms. Evans, it seems acceptable to me that this is yours. It is not our policy to force agents to relive what they've gone through while captive. How have you been sleeping, since you returned a week ago?" Whatever James had been expecting, it wasn't this. Dressed as professionally as ever, in her nicest heels, and looking like she'd come from the spa, Lily Evans, MI6 agent and covert operations expert re-entered her old life. Without a glance toward anyone but McGonagall, Lily strode into the room. "I apologize, Ma'am, for my lateness. There was an urgent matter that required my attention. I will endeavour not to allow it to happen again." She handed her boss a manila envelope, and explained, "my reclearance forms and evaluations, Ma'am." "Very good, thank you, Ms. Evans. You may take your seat, we were discussing Afghanistan." "Yes, Ma'am." Lily took her seat next to James, pulled her notebook out of her briefcase, and promptly began taking vigourous notes on the potential covert uses of foreign aid drops, even though she had never been to Afghanistan in her life, and was completely uninvolved in the Middle East's role in the war. James attempted several times to make eye contact with her, but she steadfastly ignored him, and everyone else in the room. He made the mistake of leaning a little bit too close to her, and caught the scent of her perfume, the all-too-familiar scent of citrus and amber filling the space around him. After that, he was a goner. No more listening to Afghanistan ops, now all he could do was stare at the woman who had reentered his life with such ease, but was not meeting his eye. "Finally, Potter, Evans, I have an assignment for you two, if you're feeling ready." James's attention snapped back to his boss at the mention of his name. McGonagall raised her eyebrows at the redheaded woman beside him, but Lily replied smoothly, "Yes, Ma'am, quite ready. When do we leave?" James let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. "Tomorrow morning, to Paris. We have received intel from the Americans that a Soviet arms dealer has just set up shop in a suburb, and we've volunteered to get the information on who his connections are. We'll meet here at 7 tomorrow morning to go over the details. I'm sure everyone would like to go home, it's been a long day. You are all dismissed, and a good evening to you all." James turned to Lily, ready to embrace her, but she was gone. He saw her shining red hair swishing out of the room before anyone else could even register that they'd been dismissed. James stood up and rushed after her, determined to catch up to her quickly retreating form. He finally caught her as the elevator she was on was closing. He pushed the door open, and noticed that Lily looked almost upset to have had him catch up to her. "Lily. You're… You're back." "Hello, James. I am." She was tense, terse, and absolutely uncomfortable. Not the Lily he knew, by a long shot. "Are you alright? God, I've missed you like hell." James took a step closer to her, but she leaned away, pursing her lips. "I'm fine, thank you. I hope you're well too." "Lily, really, are you okay? You're acting really distant." James's worry was spiking, her distance felt tenfold. She sighed quietly and turned to look at him dead on. "James, if we're going to work together again, I need to make something clear. Our relationship needs to be strictly professional, and you need to get over any feelings you have for me. I won't let emotions get in the way of me doing my job, and I suggest you do the same." James felt the world slipping away from him, and as the elevator doors opened, he grabbed Lily's elbow to stop her from leaving him behind. With her full attention, looking her intensely in the eye, he said, "Lily, you have to know I still feel just as strongly about you now as I did that night. I didn't- I wouldn't say those things lightly. Please, tell me you understand, tell- tell me you still care." He was desperate, frantically searching her eyes for any sign that he hadn't lost her. She pulled her arm out of his grasp, fixed him with an intense look of her own, and replied, "We were fools, James, to think we could survive that way. I won't endanger missions that way again, and I ask you to do the same. I hope you can understand. Good evening." She walked out of the elevator, leaving James standing there, staring after the woman he loved, clinging to scraps of hope that underneath the scars of her terrible experience, she could love him back the way she'd admitted to four months and four days ago.