chorused, happily. Marlene McKinnon was someone who had been brought up to be a prim and proper respectful witch by her parents, whom were both witch and wizards themselves. Her mother had wanted her youngest daughter, like her eldest daughter, to ooze the nobility and grace of the old Pureblood families, that Mrs McKinnon had been born into as a member of the Diggory family. Mr McKinnon however wasn't exactly like Marlene's mother when it came to all that nonsense, as Marlene put it when she had chatted away with Lily about it. No, Mr McKinnon, although also from a proud Pureblood family, hadn't the same ideology as what Mrs McKinnon had been brought up with a Diggory father and Malfoy mother. He had been brought up quite progressive but somewhat more conservatively than what other progressive families were. Marlene had taken on a progressive ideology herself, as her paternal grandmother, Mrs McKinnon, who was born as a Buchanan, had drummed into her youngest granddaughter about the importance of holding progressive and liberal values, and to be a good witch. Marlene's mother hadn't been the happiest witch when she had found out about this, or whenever she had arguments with her youngest daughter over opinions and values. As Marlene had told Lily, she felt like a progressive rainbow-coloured unicorn amongst old murky-coloured conservative manticores. That had been quite a comparison for Lily to hear, and funny as it sounded, was quite serious. Marlene, in the eyes of Lily, definitely had the graceful looks of coming from good Pureblood stock. With her long white-blonde hair that shone in the sun with shades of gold and silver, and her dark brown eyes that pooled like someone had melted mahogany wood and formed irises, Marlene McKinnon was without a doubt incredibly pretty, even though she always declined this view when Lily or their other friends brought it up. She was also incredibly bright and incredibly individualistic what with having to form herself into her own ideas and personhood amongst conservative values, she had been sorted into Ravenclaw back when they had all been sorted in 1971. There had been plenty times that Lily and Marlene had quite the debate over class topics and other random topics that come up, and they had hadn't been exactly close over how they fought for top place in Charms, until their friends Alice had been forced to intervene early last year to stop them getting into a duel one time. After that, the two girls had realised how childish they had been even though they were only twelve years old at the time, and how much they had in common from their love of sugar, their personalities; which Alice complained was why they clashed so often, their love of animals and of Charms. And over the last year, they had become best friends and their friendship groups had merged to form one; with Marlene's fellow Ravenclaw, Dorcas, becoming best friends with Lily and her Gryffindor friends; Alice and Mary. It had been late May when Marlene had suggested about having a get-together at hers sometime during the summer with all of them there as her sister and brothers would more than likely be away out galivanting. That had been faced with some difficulties, as all of them were away for most of the summer, and not all at the same time. Lily was going to her maternal grandparents in London for a while before jetting off to France on holiday before going away with her paternal grandparents for a while. Alice was going away to Wizarding Egypt straight away after she got off the Hogwarts Express when it arrived at Platform 9 and ¾ in late June, and would be away until early August. Dorcas had plans to go traveling around Scandinavia, where her mother had a cousin working with Swedish Short-Snouts at a reserve hidden from Muggles. Mary who was the only other Muggleborn of Lily's friends, was spending her summer at a retreat in the Alps going skiing and snowboarding. Marlene herself would be away for the month of July it had appeared, as her grandparents were taking her and her siblings away to China to see the wizarding culture there after Marlene's elder sister, Adeline, had pestered on and on about it. So after checking when everyone was actually free, it had been planned that the six girls would spend the last two weeks of summer in August at Marlene's house in the Scottish countryside. Lily must've napped longer than she had anticipated. She looked over quickly at the clock upon her wall that was ticking away quietly, and read that she had indeed slept longer by half an hour. Oops. Marlene's eyes had followed Lily's gaze, and she laughed. "Yes, you did Kneazle-nap longer than you planned, Lily," Marlene said, as she lifted up Lily's trunk for her. Slightly stumbling, Marlene stood there waiting as Lily scrambled around her room in a hurry. Quickly putting a disgruntled Tinkerbell in her carry-case, brushing her hair with her brush and shoving it in her bag along with her deodorant that she quickly sprayed over herself, before shoving on the clothes that she had left hanging out to wear to go to Marlene's in. Grasping onto Tinkerbell's carry-case, slinging her bag on her shoulder and carrying her jacket in her left hand, Lily was ready to go. Marlene smiled widely, and she clambered through the door with Lily following close behind. They both couldn't wait. A/N: Hello! I am Jilyberry on tumblr, and have finally got around to posting the first chapter of my Jily/Blackinnon/Meadowpin and Fralice fanfiction on here, I hope to continue this story on until 1981 although I'll have to work around my university work too but please READ AND REVIEW PLEASE! And as I need to have a disclaimer, here it is; All rights and respects to J.K Rowling and to the publishers at Bloomsbury and those at Warner Brothers as well.