floo in Albus' office. Sirius was not an idiot, no matter how many times Remus called him that when he was about to do something "monumentally stupid" as Moony loved to point out. Sirius made a vow to himself to his long dead brother in all but blood, his wife, and to magic. From now on he would put Harry first. He would always act in Harry's best interest and not his own ego or need for revenge. He had spent time re establishing his occlumency shields, and he was getting a better hold on his emotions but there were days that he still had trouble concentrating. Dumbledore played a close game and he knew that there was something that the old man was not telling the rest of them. Sirius knew this meeting with his godson would not go down very easy, but Harry was worth the fight. "Welcome Sirius. And Remus this is a pleasant surprise I was not expecting you." Albus shook both men's hands warmly. "I must say, you are far more punctual than I remember you being in your youth." Dumbledore chuckled lightly. "I was wondering if we could have a chat before harry came here to see you." Dumbledore gestured to the seats in front of his desk. Many people could say whatever they wished about Sirius. However much he disagreed with his family's pureblood bigoted beliefs, however much he joked and loved to be the life of the party, Sirius was indeed a Black. He may have hated his family's party line, but he was taught to read people, and at this moment he could read behind this man's civility. This man wanted something that Sirius was not willing to give up...Harry's happiness. "Of course Albus." Sirius said as he made to have a seat in front of the headmaster and Remus followed suit next to him. Sirius was still not happy with the headmaster because of his interference with Sirius' custody efforts of Harry. Not to mention never getting him a trial after all that he had done for The Order. "Sirius. I must insist that Harry remain with his relatives for the summers that he is not in school. There are many protections on the house on Privet Drive that help to shield Harry from those who would seek to do him harm." Dumbledore looked at Sirius dead on. "He is safest there." Sirius didn't know whether to cast Fiendfyre at the old man or laugh hysterically. He called upon all the training he had shied away from as a child and teenager and took up the mantle of Lord Black. "There appears to be a misunderstanding Headmaster Dumbledore. You are under the impression that you have a say as to where Harry must live. Tell me Headmaster , what in your capacity as Headmaster allows you such liberties?" Sirius made sure to emphasize his title. Dumbledore could honestly say he was taken aback at the tone. "Sirius there are many things which have not come to light yet. Harry's safety is critical to our survival. Think what you will Sirius, but as Headmaster, I do care for all of my students. But Harry is special. We all know that. I simply want to protect him the best way possible, and for that to happen he must remain behind the wards of his Aunt's home." Dumbledore sat back and rubbed his temples. He felt every bit his age at times like these. Sirius looked at Dumbledore in deep consideration. His face a complete mask hiding his true emotions. He sat back in his chair and steepled his fingers in front of his chest while resting his elbows on the arm rests. "What has come to light Albus? Aside from some prophesy that is." Sirius had known about the prophecy from James. He and Lily had not known what it said. Only that it involved Harry and that the family was in danger. Albus rose his brows slowly. "You know of the prophecy?" Sirius almost rolled his eyes. He wanted to scream 'James was my best friend you barmy old codger!' "I know of a prophecy. James was not given the specifics apparently. He was told that too much information getting out could be deadly. He knew only that it was real and that they should go into hiding. We see how well that turned out." Sirius deadpanned. "Sirius I understand your frustrations, I truly do, but you must see reason my dear boy. We must think of Harry's safety, and not your own..." Sirius stood quickly with all of the grace and majesty he could muster given the fact that he was livid beyond belief. He placed his hands on the headmaster's desk, raised his occlumency shields, and stared the Headmaster down. "Albus I have learned the lessons of my youth. From now on the only thing that matters to me now is the safety AND happiness of my godson." He stood with his back straight. Remus sat there in a mixture of pride and amusement. It would seem that his best friend was finally taking some responsibility for Harry's life and by extension his life, as he should have done all of those years ago. He knew Sirius would always have some of that overgrown kid in him, but for now he was glad to see that he was trying to learn a balance. But even Remus had to admit that Sirius needed help. He could see the lost, haunted looks that plagued him from his years in Azkaban when he thought no one was looking. But he knew for right now he could hold it together. For Harry. That seemed to be a mantra as of late. It was at that point the door to the office opened. Sirius saw it and Remus could smell it as well as see it. Despair. Pure despair and raw terror. Sirius, without a word, opened his arms and Harry rushed to him.