jar, shut the lid, put his wand to the glass, and said, "Avada Kedavra!" Green light flashed, and the baby stopped twitching. The wraith lost all suggestion of a face, but pushed against the glass. Harry said, " Avada Kedavra. Confundo. Obliviate. Obliviate. Avada Kedavra. Avada Kedavra. Avada Kedavra. Avada Kedavra. Obliviate. Avada Kedavra. Confundo. Obliviate. Avada Kedavra. Obliviate. Avada Kedavra. Confundo. Avada Kedavr a . Avada Kedavra. Avada Kedavra. Obliviate. Confundo. " Dumbledore put a hand on Harry's shoulder. Voldemort's spirit, though currently immortal, was starting to look like well-beaten eggs. All those spells couldn't be good for it. Harry said, "Avada Kedavra. Avada Kedavra. Expecto Patronus Obliviate. Confundo. Confundo. Confundo . Obliviate. Avada Kedavra. Avada Kendra. Obliviate.! " Dumbledore conjured a fluffy armchair to sit in and watched. No doubt the frigid Voldemort thought, to the extent that he could think, that it was revenge driving the boy's frenzy, but Dumbledore knew better. "The power he knows not," said Dumbledore. "Avada Kedavra!" shouted Harry. # # The jar on Dumbledore's desk had had three layers added and was bound in even more runes, but with a nod, Dumbledore indicated it still performed the one way magic trick, so Harry, without thinking much about it, took out his wand. " Avada Kedavra. Obliviate. Confundo. Petrificus Totalus. Avada Kedavra. Impracticable. Avada Kedadvra. Confundo. Mucus Ad Nauseam. Avada Kedavra. Obliviate. !" "What is he doing?" said Amelia Bones. Dumbledore said, "It's a sort of nervous tick Harry has whenever he sees Voldemort. I am curious as to what would happen if we let Voldemort out now, but let's not find out." Harry said, " Avada Kedavra, Avada Kedavra. Locomotor Mortis. Expelliarmus. Avada Kedavra. Avada Kedavra. Confundo ." The soul within looked like a dark custard. Amelia Bones said, "The emotional state required to use so many Killing Curses..." Dumbledore said, "I've noticed in the past that Harry Potter feels a certain antipathy toward Voldemort. Can't think why." Harry wondered why he'd been invited until the conversation shifted to who got to keep whisked Voldemort in a jar: Dumbledore, or the Ministry. Dumbledore said, "As you can see, it's not properly Voldemort. It's just a dark spirit, and dark spirits, being useful ingredients in potions and wards, belong to who captured them. Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, caught this one, but he isn't up to looking after it himself. Harry, who would you rather look after it? Me or the Ministry." Harry liked the idea of keeping it on his dresser so he could curse it whenever he liked, but if he kept it there he'd have to dust it regularly. "I'm confident that Professor Dumbledore can look after it." Dumbledore and Amelia beat around the issue of politics and optics, and eventually Amelia Bones acceded, leaving Harry alone with Dumbledore and whisked Voldemort in jar. Harry said, "In order to really kill Voldemort, you have to destroy the bit of his soul inside me, right?" "Yes. I don't know a way to do that without either killing you or greatly endangering others. The simplest solution is to wait until you die in your bed at the ripe old age of 200." "Whatever," said Harry. "Can you remove the jinx please?" "I'll be continuing my Horcrux hunt, just to be on the safe side. I believe one of them is right here in Hogwarts. I assume I'll have your help?" "Yeah, but later, right?" Dumbledore sighed, and began a long incantation, swishing his wand around. After nearly a minute, he stopped, and held up a pair of crystals scissors, positioning them in the air, nothing visible between the blades. Dumbledore muttered, "I'll just detach the anti-cupid..." "Anti-cupid?" said Harry. "Only a figure of speech," said Dumbledore. "Anti-cupids are mythical, and if they weren't I'd have nothing to do with them, and if I did it would have nothing to do with the low birthrates or certain pureblood families." He snipped, there was a definite sound of a taut string breaking, and Dumbledore said, "All done." Harry wandered out of the headmaster's office, dazed by how easy it had been at the end. But it wouldn't feel real till he got a date. # # Ron gave him a friendly punch on the arm, and Hermione asked if it was true that Peter Pettigrew had been caught. Harry blinked, confirmed it, and Hermione said that was a significant blow in the fight to stop Voldemort. Harry shrugged. He had bigger issues to worry about. Hermione said, "You look different now. Good different." Harry jumped, pumped his fist, and twirled down the hall laughing. Let them think he was excited about Pettigrew. "See you later!" he said, pulling out the Marauder's Map. Coming around a corner, he ran directly into Luna and grabbed her shoulders to keep her from falling. "Hey Luna, how are you doing?" Luna were even wider than normal, the startlement of being bumped into fading into fear of some sort as she looked at him. Luna said, "You're not repulsive at all anymore. Is the anti-cupid jinx gone? You can ask out any girl you like." Harry said, "Always could. I just have a much better shot at hearing 'yes' now. Speaking of which. Miss Luna Lovegood, would you care to accompany me to Hogsmeade this weekend?" ::: I don't use pickup lines, but I like reading them. My favorite is, "Damn girl, you make me want to get a job." That's basically this story. Yeah, I know, I should be working on Polymagus, but it's really heavy right now. It was nice to break it up with something lighter. If you liked this, consider getting Monstrosity by JLL on . (search the books department.) I like the idea of Harry/Luna, but most Harry/Luna fics either make it so Luna is always right with her barmy theories, doesn't believe them after all, or is an OP seer trying to describe what she sees. I'd rather make Harry a little barmy too.