win Hufflepuff the cup. All Harry would say was that he'd heard some talk about Voldemort trying to come back to life, but from what he'd heard it hadn't worked. He didn't know much more, really. Harry took a bag off his desk, and tossed it to George. "Isn't this your winnings?" Five-hundred galleons. The tournament's prize, split with Cedric. "I want you to have it. What you guys said about Bagman not paying you back... This is a gift, not a loan. I won't tell you guys the story, but I don't deserve anything for the tournament. Cedric and I touched the cup at the same time, but I didn't really tie. "But you-" "Just take it. Bagman tried to help me. To make his bet work out. This belongs to you more than to me. Use it for your joke shop. If you need any more, if this isn't enough, come to me. You know I've got money, but that'll be a loan, not a gift, and I'll expect to make a profit." Fred opened his mouth to argue but stopped as Ron came out of the loo. Harry waved bye to the twins, joined Hermione, and the three headed to the station together. Soon they were on the Hogwarts express once more. Harry bought a few pumpkin pasties, and used Wingardium Leviosa to hold them up as he ate them. Ron said, "Blimey Harry, you're taking it a bit far lately." Harry said, "Dumbledore says I have to- "Embrace magic," the other two finished for him. Harry took another bite of pumpkin pasty. Hermione said, "Doesn't it feel, a little, I don't know, lazy to use magic for eating?" Harry looked at her incredulously, the pumpkin pasty bobbing up and down in the air. "Are you joking? How is this easier than eating like normal? It's way harder." Hermione frowned. Ron said, "You're being a bit of a prat with how much you're practicing lately." Hermione said, "Well I think it's wonderful he's taking his studies seriously." The two of them argued, Hermione not quite but nearly taking Harry's side, Harry paying attention to their attitudes. That was another thing that had occurred to him during his introspection. Hermione's advice was usually good, and Ron's advice was almost always bad. If he kept those two facts in mind, he'd be a better seer than Professor Trewalney, at least. Harry set loose a chocolate frog. The bouncy little thing dodged his first Levitation Charm, his second Levitation Charm picked up Hermione's book, but his third caught it mid-hop. An exercise in speed and precision. He brought it over to himself with wafting motions of his wand, struggling a little control the direction of the charm, tossed it in the air, hit it with a weak Finite to end its animation spell, then caught with another levitation charm just before it would've hit the floor. He brought it up, and ate it out of the air. Ron said, "Mental, Harry." "It's fun. Try it." "Barmy," said Ron, but gave it a try, struggling to control his pumpkin pasty. Just a first-year spell, but the pasty bobbed one way or the other whenever Ron leaned forward to bite the pasty. "Surprisingly hard to control, right?" said Harry. "Good thing Rita isn't here, or there'd be another article about how I'm cracked." Hermione said, "Ms. Skeeter won't be bothering us anymore." Hermione held up a glass jar holding a beetle and some leaves. Hermione lowered her voice. "It's Rita Skeeter. She's an unregistered animagus." Harry and Ron stared as Hermione explained how she'd figured out how Skeeter was finding out all those secrets, and how she'd caught the beetle in the hospital wing. "And I've told her she's to keep her quill to herself for a whole year. See if she can't break the habit of writing horrible lies about people." "Rather than that," said Harry, "she could write something useful." He frowned, remembering what Dumbledore had said not egging Fudge on. "She should write a series of articles on the unconvicted prisoners of Azkaban. About how, during and shortly after the war, many people were placed in Azkaban without the normal process. Probably, she should say, necessary choice, then, but it's past time that we re-examined all those cases and made sure that no one who's innocent was put away." Hermione looked speculatively at the beetle. "You're thinking of Snuffles." "She shouldn't pay any particular attention to Snuffles' case. For now at least. But she shouldn't ignore it either. And to be clear, it's not Fudge's fault." His mind canvassed through the available options. "If it's anyone's fault, it's Barty Crouch's." That was even true, even if it felt bad to speak ill of the dead. "Now Fudge has a glorious opportunity to redress any wrongs of the past war and prove that he's one of Britain's greatest Ministers." Hermione said, "Harry, that's brilliant." He shrugged. "I've been thinking a lot about how to help Snuffles." The rest of the ride passed companionably, Harry stealing frequent glances at Rita's jar and feeling a warm glow. The train arrived, Harry pulled the fake trunk from the rack, patted the real trunk in his pocket, made his goodbyes, passed through the barrier, and walked with Uncle Vernon in silence to the car. ::: Yeah, I know, I should be working on updating Polymagus, not starting something new. Eh. The new chapter of Polymagus should be out in a few days. Unlike with Polymagus, I actually will care a little here about keeping the characters consistent with the characters in the book, but Harry not being traumatized by Cedric's death should result in him developing differently. I suppose this first chapter might be taken as a bit of Harry bashing, but it's Harry who's doing it. It's odd to me that "Harry escapes Little Hangleton before he can be used for Voldemort's resurrection" isn't one of the most common tropes of HP FF.