avoid your life with Ron." He summarised the use and she smiled at him. "This is why I love you…" He blurted out in excitement and the look of shock on Hermione's face said that he messed up big time. "Love you like a sister…" He immediately recovered and he was relieved as he saw Hermione nodding impassively, but Hermione knew that there was more to what he said, so she made a note in her mind that she would investigate into it if she gets back to when she was thirteen. "So we will talk about this tomorrow and make preparations for the Time-Warp later." He said trying to change the subject. "We should do it later." Hermione said and then she opened the hidden door and both walked out after securing the entire place and then he did a few healing charms on her bruises on her elbow and neck. After that they talked for a while and then he walked out of the house and bid his goodbye and apparated away to his home as it was almost time for Ron to come back home. Few Days Later- For the next few days he visited and talked to Hermione about the Time–Warp charm and how to refine it and what their plans and objective would be if it worked. Hermione suggested that they showed each other their memories just in case one of them makes it back and the other doesn't and they feel a need to convince the other. Hermione showed to Harry her memories regarding Ron's abuse and marriage and Rose's birth using a pensieve, while he showed her his adventures and his knowledge. Finally they fixed the date to the coming Friday and then they planned as such that nobody will follow them using their notes and find their bodies if it worked. That Friday Harry walked into Ron's house only to find Hermione waiting for him on the couch, while an unconscious Ron floating near the top of the room. "You hexed him?" He asked her in a surprised tone. "This bloody git deserved what he got for all the things he did to me for the last five years." Hermione said without an ounce of hesitation. "And what did you do?" He asked uncertainly really not interested to know but asked anyway. "Let's just say that he will never be able to reproduce or use his private part again and I obliviated all the good memories he ever had." She said with a heartless grin on her face. " Important Note: Don't ever make her angry." He mused to himself. "Well shall we go…?" He asked and lent her his hand and she took it and with that they both walked out of the house and apparated to Harry's house located in Scotland countryside. Harry prepared the house or the upcoming event, because the house didn't exist in any records in the wizarding world, as he bought it from a muggle business man under the name Harrison Evans. Once they reached there, she went inside while he cast wards and charms around to secure his house. Hermione went in happily and found the place spotless and clean and the lunch was ready and placed around as they went into the kitchen. "Kreacher…" He called out. "Yes, master…" The old elf replied to his call. "Kreacher, you've outdone yourself again." He said to the elf which appeared as soon as he called. The elf beamed at the praise and did all the work in profound happiness. They both sat down at the table and ate silently as they had too much on their minds, Hermione was thinking about Rose and many other things that will be undone while Harry was excited about the idea of saving everyone and finally finding peace, but also worried about Teddy and Andromeda. And both were nervous too, he was nervous because of the doubt that if the Charm will really work, while she was thinking about the slip her best friend did when he said that he loved her. "We will do the charm tomorrow, because we both will be perfectly rested with a good night's sleep and then we will try it early in the morning." He suggested and she nodded at it agreeing. After lunch they talked and went through all the plans they discussed again, just in case for the worst case scenario. And that night both went to sleep with hopes and dreams for the past and its resultant future. Next Morning- "Kreacher, if our bodies go limp and we die after the completion of this charm then take our bodies and lay it in the place we prepared and preserve it with preservation charms. And then pledge your allegiance to Andromeda Tonks and her grandson Edward Lupin, but do not speak a word about this to anyone and even to them, even if they ordered you to do it." He instructed and the elf looked tearful at his command, but still nodded. "Hermione, have you burned all of your notes and research and cleared out your place in Ron's house?" He asked to reassure himself and she nodded. Both stood facing each other in the middle of the ritualistic circle and held their wand and started saying the long incantation while breathing steadily and being relaxed. Finally they locked their hands around each other in a tight hug and held their respective wands upwards and pushed as much as magic they could into it and finally their magical core was exhausted and their life force drained and the lights in their eyes vanished and they both fell limp. Both of their souls were gone into a timeless dimension searching for their past to settles upon and begin again. This is my first try in a Harry potter fanfiction, so bear with me if there are any mistakes. And if you have any ideas please give me reviews. Until next time, Thank you…