for "Prewett, Hippolyta." "Anyway, he didn't want to say anything, since you were already so nervous. But how do you feel? Not too disappointed about Gryffindor, are you?" "No, I...I think I'm alright." He was still nervous, but a few minutes later he was caught up in the euphoria of "Smith, Kezia" joining their table, and then joined in the fervent discussion of some other boys were trying to explain Quidditch to a Muggle-born Housemate. A few minutes after that, "Weasley, Rose" was called up. Trying not to be sad about their separation, Albus stood up with Louis and cheered when she ran off to become the first Weasley in Ravenclaw. The Hufflepuff Common Room was in a basement near the kitchens. Albus was a bit worried when he heard this, having long been prone to claustrophobia, but in fact he found the place rather cozy, and enjoyed a good night's sleep, helped on by his fullness from the welcoming feast. Albus approached the Great Hall the next morning and saw Scorpius walking a few feet ahead of him. Just as he was about to enter, however, Gavin Blishwick pushed past him, sending him a dark glare. Scorpius stopped and stared indignantly after him as Albus caught up. "Good morning, Scorpius." He looked up. "Morning, Albus," he grumbled, before returning his glare to Gavin's retreating back. Albus followed his gaze, then asked, "If you don't mind me asking...is there some reason that he seems to hate you so much?" "It's...nothing." Scorpius squirmed, then asked, "Can you keep a secret?" "Yeah." He looked around, as though worried about eavesdroppers, and said, "Back during the war...my father and grandfather were both Death Eaters. But they're not like that anymore!" he added quickly, seeing Albus' shock. "But anyway, back on the train, Blishwick was spreading lies. He said that my grandfather killed his grandfather during the First War, but it's not true. My grandfather was never convicted of anything during the First War, and never of any murders!" His crossed his arms, and his was so defiant that Albus couldn't help but suspect that he was trying to convince himself more than him. He decided not to mention that, however, and instead just said "Oh." "Now I have to share the same House as him. If I had known that he was a Gryffindor I probably wouldn't have asked the Hat to put me there." Albus blinked in surprise. "So you asked for Gryffindor! But I thought you wanted Slytherin?" Scorpius winced. "No...I mean, my family's all gone there, but...so have a lot of... unsavory people," he mumbled darkly. "I have enough problems with people like Blishwick without encouraging my reputation." "Oh." Albus paused. " I was sort of afraid of being put in Slytherin, too, to be honest. Then again, Ludmilla and Charmian from the boat seemed nice." "I suppose." Scorpius' brow furrowed. "I just hope that Father doesn't disown me." "Well...most of my family are Gryffindors. If he does, I'm sure that one of them would be willing to adopt." Scorpius actually smiled at that. "Thanks for the offer. Anyway...I'll see you later, then?" "Yeah, see you!" They entered the Great Hall and headed for their respective tables. Albus piles food onto his plate and started to eat, only to look up and notice Rose waving at him from the Ravenclaw table, beaming. Albus waved back, paused, and then spotted one of the Hufflepuff prefects about to sit down. "Excuse me—is it alright if I go and sit with my cousin at the Ravenclaw table?" "Normally that would be fine, but everyone has to stay in their seats today so that the professors can pass out schedules." "Oh. Thank you." He returned to his food, and sure enough his new Head of House came by, passing out timetables to each of the first years. Albus scanned his, and was delighted to see that he had double Charms with the Ravenclaws that afternoon, and double classes with Gryffindor and Slytherin later in the week. Albus looked up again; Rose was holding up her schedule and pointing emphatically. Albus grinned and nodded, holding up his own. Soon, the mail came in a rush of wings and feathers, nearly startling Albus out of his seat. His own pet Stripe, a southern white-face, fluttered onto the top of his head, while Brocard, a pretty eagle owl who belonged to his parents, landed on the table beside him, two letters in each beak. "Oh!" Albus took the letter with his name on it, and Brocard flew off to visit James at the Gryffindor table. He quickly opened it up: Dear Al, We know you said that you didn't want us to write to you too often, but your mother and I just wanted to wish you a happy first day of school. We hope that you had a good time at the feat, and that the Sorting turned out as well as I promised. Please write as soon as you can to tell us where you wound up. And remember—we're proud of you no matter what. Love, Dad Albus quickly turned it over, thought for a moment, and then scribbled: Dear Mum and Dad, You were right that the Hat listened to what I wanted, but thankfully it knew what I wanted better than I did. I'm in Hufflepuff! I was scared of being away from Rose and the others at first, but so far I'm having a great time. Please don't tell Teddy, I want to write him myself! Love, Albus He tied it to Stripe's leg and sent him off with a bit of toast, watching as he disappeared out the window. He glanced over at the Ravenclaw table again, and saw Rose enthusiastically writing a letter of her own. He thought back to the day before and felt silly. What had he been so worried about? Even if the Sorting hadn't worked out like he expected, all remained well in the Weasley-Potter clan.