ever again!" she whispered, her voice thick with tears. "I'm glad you're back." Every time he spoke to her, he waited for the questions that never came. It was so unlike her that it unnerved him. He felt like he was forgetting something important. He didn't find out what it was until late on Christmas Eve. Everyone else had long gone to bed. He had finally convinced Remus to join him for a nightcap, using Christmas as an excuse. Remus, too exhausted by whatever mission he was on for the Order, didn't protest too much and soon, one drink turned into many and Sirius had a drunk werewolf on his hands. Eventually, the conversation turned to the trio and Sirius voiced his nagging thought. "You know, I can't believe Hermione hasn't questioned me even once about the Veil." He frowned. Remus snorted. "Why would she need to?" Sirius looked at him sharply. "What do you mean?" Remus slumped down on the table and slurred, "She… saved… after all…" He promptly fell unconscious. Sirius felt a cold grip his heart as everything made sense all at once. It was obvious now that he thought about it. "Why?" Hermione jumped in surprise and spilled some of the water in her glass. "Sirius. Have you been here all night?" she asked, sipping her water. Sirius got up from where he'd been sitting at the kitchen table. He had long put Moony to bed, and everybody else was still asleep. "Why?" he repeated, walking towards her. "Why what?" she asked, subconsciously taking a step back. "Why did you do it?" She frowned. "I don't know what you're talking about." She turned around to place the empty glass on the counter. Sirius placed his arms on either side of her, effectively caging her in. "Remus told me" he whispered. She stiffened. "Look at me Hermione" She squared her shoulders and turned around slowly, surprised by his proximity. But she held her ground and stared right back into his eyes. "Why did you do it?" he repeated softly. "I still don't know what you're talking about…" she mumbled, looking away. He scoffed. "Don't lie Hermione. It doesn't become you." She sighed in resignation and looked at him fiercely. "Of course I couldn't not do it when I knew there was a way! What's wrong with you?!" "Yes, but why did you do it?" She crossed her arms defensively. "The rest of them would have messed it up." "That's not true. You could have asked Remus!" He sighed when she refused to answer and cupped her cheek, forcing her to look at him. "What you did was incredibly reckless – and I don't even know exactly how you did it – but I want to know why. Tell me the truth Hermione." He saw a myriad of emotions flicker across her face as she bit her lip indecisively. She glanced up in surprise and before he could see what it was, she looked at him determinedly and kissed him. He was taken by surprise, but he recovered quickly and pulled her closer to him with one hand tangled in her hair and the other secure around her waist. She responded by looping her arms around his neck and subconsciously massaging his scalp. He groaned and deepened the kiss, feeling goosebumps on his skin as she moaned in response. After a long time, they pulled apart breathlessly, both looking dishevelled. As she hid her face in the crook of his neck, he wrapped his arms around her protectively and never wanted to let her leave. But to his utter disappointment, she pulled away and gently caressed his cheek. Her eyes were bright – too bright – and her trembling smile was a little bittersweet, but they screamed out all that was never said in words. As he reached out to hold her again, she drew back and shook her head, running out of the room. He swallowed hard and clenched his fists as he stopped himself from following her. He looked up belatedly with blurry eyes. Mistletoe. The Order reached Hogwarts as soon as they got the distress call. When they reached the grounds, they could see the Dark Mark in the sky. Sirius' heart clenched with dread as he bolted towards the sounds of the battle inside the castle. He split up from the other Order members as they each took over the students' fights, and fought his way through to the Gryffindor tower. Part way there, he heard the unmistakeable cackle of Bellatrix's laughter coming from the corridor around the turn. Hermione was engaged in a fight with Dolohov while Bellatrix stood behind, cackling madly with her wand in hand. Sirius was confused as to why she wasn't attacking, but he was distracted by another masked death eater coming out of nowhere and engaging him in battle. He managed to stun the death eater after a few rounds of spells and looked up just in time to see Hermione being disarmed and thrown back. His attention was momentarily diverted when he noticed that Dolohov retreated behind Bellatrix instead of attacking. However, all colour drained from his face when his mad cousin raised her wand and five black stones zoomed towards Hermione, surrounding her. As Bellatrix started waving her wand in complicated motions, he knew what he had to do. "I'm sorry Harry, Hermione." He steeled himself and shouted, "STUPEFY!" Hermione looked at him in shock as the spell hit her, throwing her against the wall. Wasting no time, Sirius rushed to the spot she had been in just moments ago, just as the five stones started glowing white. Bellatrix looked surprised at the change of events, but soon enough, her surprised turned into sadistic glee as she said the incantation to finish the spell. "Exilium in tempus perditus!" The last thing he saw was Hermione's horrified expression, before the white light consumed him and he knew no more. A/N: Hope you liked it! Let me know!