wasn't because I didn't want to, but rather it was because it's impossible." "Why?" "Harry, think of your mind as a magical pot that can hold seven units of water, which resembles your age. This pot is magical because it's charmed in a way that it'll never lose any of what's poured into it and also because it grows in size with enough time. Now, my mind is a subsequently bigger magical pot that can hold up to thirty-seven units of water. What would happen if I were to pour all the thirty-seven units of water into your pot, which can only hold only seven units and remember this magical pot would do everything in its power to not waste the water?" "The pot would rupture…?" "Precisely…, your mind won't be able to hold the stress of a memory transfusion and believe me I fancied about it a lot. However facts are facts, if I wanted to give you all of my memories and everything, I'd have to do it piece by piece and it would very well take years and unfortunately for us, I don't have years." There was a long comfortable silence, but the young child wasn't finished yet, he asked again, "If there was another way to save the world, would you have still chosen to travel back in time?" "Another way, huh…? It would depend on what way it is." "What if it is a much better way? Would you have given it over for a fresh start?" "No, I wouldn't have." "Why not…?" "You do understand that the only thing that stood between me and my victory was a pet snake named Nagini, which I couldn't locate even after years of searching. If I had a better way to save the world, then I definitely wouldn't have risked everything on a gamble." He replied back seriously. "A gamble…? What gamble?" The child looked at him giving a confused and inquiring look. He sighed softly and corrected, "An act of faith perhaps, but I'd still prefer calling it a 'gamble'." "Why do you call this plan a 'gamble', don't you trust me?" The child asked confused by the intent. "No, it's nothing like that… I do trust you, if I'm not going to trust myself , then whom am I going to trust? It's the world that I don't believe in. I call this plan a gamble, because coming back in time to change the course of history; I've given you resources and opportunities for you to acquire and enhance everything that I lost during my childhood, which is intelligence, wisdom and talent. You see people with excessive of all these in them, they usually find an ambition and eventually to fulfil their goals they would at one point find themselves falling to a darker path. Now that I've given you all these qualities, there is a particularly high possibility of you inclining towards evil in the future. And that's why I prefer calling this a 'gamble'." Suddenly he stopped smiling to the child sitting beside him and he spoke urgently, "I'm glad you brought this up, my magic is almost depleted and I'll pass on any moment now. Could you do me a favour, consider it a man's last request?" "Anything…" The young Harry answered back hesitantly. "I want you to promise me that you'll never lose your compassion." "What difference does it make?" "It makes all the difference in the world, Harry. A single moment of compassion to others could very well change everything that would mean anything to you." "I know that I have no right asking you this, having already placed an incredible burden on your shoulders, but I'm asking nonetheless because you've felt more pain than most your age and that makes you one of the only people who can understand the pain of others. Will you promise me this, Harry?" He desperately asked this to his younger counterpart. "I promise…" "Thank you." He replied with a heartfelt tone of gratitude. "I've gambled with death all these years, being the 'master of death' I thought that I was ready and now at death's door, I find myself unprepared and scared, the irony of it." He barked out loud with a gruff laughter and looked at the sky above. The young Harry Potter who was sitting beside his older self too looked up at the sky wondering in confusion and then he turned to his side, only to find that his older-self has disappeared from reality and passed on to the afterlife. He sombrely looked up at the sky again hoping that his older self may find peace. His very first friend was gone and he had no idea how to feel about all this and all that's ahead of him in the future. "Goodbye, brother…" He whispered to his first friend and a brother figure. And for some reason that he couldn't explain, he felt like everything was going to be just fine. People this is officially my fourth attempt at fanfiction and third attempt at Harry Potter fanfiction. This is another time-travel story and I'll be continuing this in tandem to my 'Time-Warp' and please be a little more patient. I've been trying to re-inspire myself and when I do, and then you'll have all the chapters that you want. 'And people, if you want to read the chapters at your earliest, then read the same story in Inkitt. My profile name is the same and same is the name of the story. It's user-friendly and rather comfortable to use, so I'll be continuing there, but I will also be updating ' here '.' This story is an alternate universe, starting from the point, 'what if Hermione had left with Ron that day', and how the world would have turned out to be kind of story. Feel free to review and point out any mistakes that I've made and I'll do everything to correct it. Until next time, Thank You…