and tradition. And in these times! You-Know-Who could be striking the wizarding world at any moment! DUMBLEDORE: Indeed. Indeed. (feigning a defeated tone) And it is for that precise reason that this is more necessary now than ever. Filius, will you perform the role of bonder in the Unbreakable Vow? PROFESSOR FLITWICK: (deflating quickly he spoke in a defeated tone) Albus, please…...I beg you to reconsider… DUMBLEDORE: (raising his chin slightly looking upon Professor Flitwick) This….is the only way. (Professor Flitwick rose slowly and awkwardly from his seat. His short frame hobbled across the table in the now ultra-quiet Great Hall. Harry could hear every footstep Professor Flitwick was making.) (Professor Flitwick stood in between the Fae Queen and Dumbledore) (Dumbledore bent down and rested one knee to the ground. The Fae Queen eyed him and then followed to take a knee to the ground. They each clasped their right hands together. Professor Flitwick placed his wand on their hands) DUMBLEDORE: (looking intensely into her eyes he spoke) Do you, Queen Lidia, promise that the Fae Court will join Hogwarts to foster magical learning and mutual benefit? FAE QUEEN LIDIA: I do. (CRACK) (A slither of electric orange fire came into existence and wrapped around their arms) FAE QUEEN LIDIA: Do you, Headmaster Dumbledore, promise that, with the exception of self-defense, the Fae Court will not be attacked by Hogwarts….(she paused for a moment) or the Ministry of Magic? (Dumbledore paused and his eyebrow raised.) HERMIONE: (whispering to Harry and Ron) Oh no! She's tricked him! That means if the Ministry attacks them….Dumbledore will die! DUMBLEDORE: I do. RON: Mental! (CRACK) (A second slither of electric fire cracked into existence and wrapped around their arms. This, unlike the first fire, was the color purple.) (The Great Hall door slammed loudly shut, and Harry turned around to see that the Head of the Department of Magical Creatures Unctus Fiddleman and Auror Deborah Faulkner had exited.) RON: (he had a dark look on his face) This is bad. Really bad. HARRY: (curiously) How come? RON: Because Unctus Fiddleman is notoriously prejudiced against anyone….or anything ….that isn't a wizard. (pause) He's going to come back, and he's going to come back with more Aurors and the Minister of Magic himself. (Dumbledore rose, ready to speak to the crowd again) DUMBLEDORE: It has been a chaotic scene today. Yes. (looking around at the faces of the students) Yes, it doesn't appear to be the time for rambling speeches. DUMBLEDORE: (he raised both his arms into the air, with his wand held high) And so allow me to lighten the mood. (With a flick of his wand plates upon plates of food appeared on the hall tables. Long metal trays of roasted duck with little plastic covers on the legs. Pitchers of pumpkin juice and alcohol free ale. Pies of strawberry, cherry, and gooseberry flooded the rows. Mounds of mashed potatoes were found in large glass bowls.) (Ron had a look of anticipation as though he had been fed nothing more than fern oatmeal all summer). DUMBLEDORE: (over the noise from the crowd, Dumbledore raised his voice) And as an added bonus, Queen Lidia has offered graciously (bowing his head to her) a treat for you all, that I think , you will enjoy. Queen Lidia walked forward a few steps. Everyone waited with bated breath to hear her voice. "Children," Queen Lidia spoke in a slow motherly voice. "It is such a pleasure for me to join you this year as your teacher for defensive magic." She looked out at her audience. "To defend one's family, and one's home, is an essential trait that we all share." She looked lovingly at the other Fae "Oh….there is simply nothing more important to me than the safety of my sweet children." "I can teach you much, but, magical strength alone does not create safety. Defensive magic is a fascinating, multi-layered branch of magic that can only succeed as part of a larger plan. The spell is never the end, but only a mean's to a different end." She paused for a moment and Harry furrowed his brow. She continued, "It will be an honor to work with you all this year and witness your magical curiosity, your determination, and," she paused, "the extent of your formidable powers." A smile then formed on her face that was both warm and terrifying. "And as a token of my good will…I would like to provide you all something special for your banquet. A magical Fae confection that we Fae have been making for millennia. It is called…Merriment Chocolate." She raised her magic staff into the air and out of thin air four giant chocolate fountains appeared floating above their tables. The entire student body oo'd and ah'd at the resplendent chocolate fountains above them. Students stood up to reach for the chocolate and when their hand got close to it, some of the chocolate slowly poured out of the fountain and defying gravity slowed down in front of their mouths. The students opened their mouths, chomped on the liquid milk chocolate, and instantly melted down into their seats in delight. "But be warned," Queen Lidia spoke out, "Merriment Chocolate is no ordinary Chocolate." Smiling pleasant she continued, "no, you will find there is quite an interesting enchanted effect that comes with it. Moderation would be wise." Seamus was standing on his tip toes and having trouble getting the chocolate to come down. He kept aggressively grabbing and grabbing at it, but nothing came down. "Ahh," Seamus complained, "damn fountain doesn't work." Hermione interjected, "well its enchanted by the Fae, I think your temperament matters. If you just politely reach for it, I'm sure it will-" "Oh will you ever stop Hermione," Ron added wisely, "sometimes you need to stop thinking like girl, and start thinking like a man." Ron got out his wand, pointed at the fountain above Seamus, and exclaimed, " Wingardium Leviosa!" (Please go to next chapter)