lifted their heads from a book long enough to even think of something like this and this wasn't quite devious enough for Slytherins and they were too loyal in any event. He once again considered that it might be a younger Gryffindor girl, but none of the ones he could think of would do something like this. Especially since he never messed around with underclassmen. He turned it over and over in his brain for the next few weeks until one day he was strolling the grounds of Hogwarts, running through girls again and he heard a girl singing. And it was her! He recognized that voice clear as day. He hurried over to the stream, but the singing abruptly ceased and all that was left was a Gryffindor scarf with a few dark hairs clinging to it and the lingering scent of some light perfume. Well, at least he had his confirmation that it was a Gryffindor. Over the next week, he kept hearing snatches of her singing, but she always seemed to disappear right before he got to where she'd been. It was driving him positively mad and that perfume that she wore was starting to haunt his dreams! He kept smelling it in class and he knew it was one of the girls there, but he didn't know who. He immediately dismissed all the young girls because the perfume was something much too sophisticated for them and he dismissed all the bad singers and the known prudes. Which left him with a narrow list of prospects. All of which he'd already discounted. He was about to throw in the towel and give up. It was seeming less and less likely that he'd find this girl. The next week, late one night after a particularly grueling Quidditch practice, he let himself into the prefects bathroom for a long soak and immediately stopped dead in his tracks. Because the bathroom was filled with that perfume and there was singing coming from one of the shower stalls! And it was her voice! He couldn't believe it! This narrowed it down to almost nothing! Hannah Abbott, Hermione Granger, Padma Patil and Pansy Parkinson were all the female prefects. He ran through them in his mind. Hannah was dating Longbottom and was positively mad about him, so there was no way it was her. Pansy was a rubbish singer at best and besides, he'd briefly dated her, but they had no chemistry and she wouldn't have done something like this. Padma was way too stuck up and had her nose too buried in a book to even care to do something like that. Which left Granger. He almost laughed aloud. That girl had to be the biggest prude in her house and flat out hated him. He figured that the only way to find out was to sneak over to the shower stalls and see who it was. After a muttered "Silencio," he crept over to the showers and went to the one that the singing was coming from. She was singing "Body Moves" by DNCE and doing a great job at it. Who knew the prefects bathroom had such great acoustics? The curtain was cracked just a bit and he put his eye to the crack and got his first look at the singer. And he almost fell over in shock when he saw who it was. Because it was Granger! He couldn't believe it! His initial shock quickly morphed into a much bigger shock once he'd looked Granger over several times and realized that she was even more attractive than he had thought. She had flawless creamy skin, her back was to him and it showed nice muscle tone, then she turned slightly and he saw that she had a nice pair of perky breasts which were just the right size, a small waist and a far curvier arse than her robes ever let on and some very shapely hips that flowed into long legs that were nicely toned and she had no hair between her legs. He couldn't believe that she'd been hiding a figure as sexy as this under her dowdy wardrobe! And now that he really looked at her face, he saw that her hair had been tamed a lot and was many lovely shades of brown and she was very pretty in that kind of girl next door way with clear skin and sparkling brown eyes and a cute smattering of freckles and a pretty smile. He knew that Gryffindors had a reputation for bravery, but this was brave even for one of them. Who would have thought that Granger would have it in her? Especially when she such a prude that he didn't think she even thought of guys in that way. But it certainly did fit her personality. He stepped back from the shower and started contemplating what to do with this information. Truth be told, he'd deeply fancied her for years, but had never held out hope that she would ever return the feeling after he was such a git to her during their first few years at Hogwarts. He could blackmail her, but she didn't have anything he really wanted. He could simply hold this knowledge over head and taunt her with it. Just as he was considering his third option, he realized that the singing had ceased and it had gotten very quiet save for the sounds of the water running. Then he heard a soft moan come from inside the shower. It was followed by some panting and then a longer and louder moan. Then came the biggest shocker of all, he heard her moan his name. "Draco. Oh, Draco." She couldn't be? Could she? No way, no how. This was bloody Granger. She hated him! Figuring he'd misheard and wanting to be sure the moaning wasn't because she had hurt herself, he put his eye back to the crack and what he saw nearly brought him to his knees.