about him in the one sentence. "Invitations to be on the teams are also given by popularity factors; his father's famous so it must have helped his cause further to make him be chosen in his first year," Xavier said. Cecilia nodded and then smiled a little, "I don't remember much of his time at Hogwarts during my third-year, but from what I do remember he was rather shy. Unless he's done a whole one-eighty in the intervening years, he probably hasn't had time to develop much of an ego yet, so my interview with him should be nice." Ally nodded in agreement but then slowly said, "Whatever you do, I wouldn't suggest going down memory lane and mentioning Dom." Cecilia tilted her head in confusion, "Duly noted, I wasn't particularly planning on it, but why shouldn't I mention Dom?" "Because by my last count she's hooked up with both Valentin and his brother Konstantin in the past," Ally explained. Cecilia's eyes widened, "Merlin, I do hope that she doesn't run into either of them this weekend." Xavier snorted, "Even if she did she'd probably come out of it perfectly fine." Ally and Cecilia both nodded their heads, and then Cecilia's mobile phone vibrated. She picked it up and saw that she had a new text message from her friend Eliza Parker. Before opening it, she looked at Xavier, "Can I borrow your guestroom shower? I have to be at work in an hour and I'd rather go to work from here than go back home and then to work." "Of course, all of your stuff should still be in the room from where you left it last night," Xavier told her. She nodded her head and left the living room. She opened up her message from Eliza as she walked, and smiled at the picture her friend had sent. It was of a small, two week old baby that had bright grey eyes and a small wrinkled and bald head. The baby was wearing a pastel blue and green stripped onesie that Cecilia had given to Eliza before the baby was born. It was a gender-neutral one because at that time she didn't know the sex of the baby. Cecilia felt a bit of a clench in her stomach as an image of Baxter's distraught face swam across her mind's eye, but she shook her head to clear it and sent Eliza back a text that said that she loved the picture. When Cecilia left the room, Xavier grabbed Ally tightly and pulled her almost on top of him. Ally giggled but pretended to swat Xavier's hands away from her, "Hey now, be careful Cecilia's not too far down the hall." Xavier frowned adorably and nuzzled his head into Ally's neck, "But I'm going to miss you! I'm going to France today after all." "Oh don't even try to pull that card," Ally replied as she ran a hand through his hair, "I'll be joining you there tomorrow right after I finish work." Ally had finished potions school at the end of June and had started working as a potioneer at St. Mungo's in July. "I'm still going to miss you," Xavier whispered against her neck before dropping a kiss to the skin there. "And here I was worried that I'd sound like the clingy one," Ally said with a laugh as she pressed a kiss to the top of his head. Xavier gave her another kiss, this one at the base of her neck, "I don't mind you being clingy one bit." Ally used the hand that was on his head to lift his face up so that she could look him in the eyes, "I love you." He gave her a radiant smile in response, "I don't think I'll ever get tired of hearing that." "Xav," She berated with an eye roll. "I love you too," He replied. The words were probably enough to appease her, but he gave her a deep kiss just to be on the safe side. A/N: Okay, so there's a list of things we should cover: 1.) If none of the above story made sense, then you probably haven't read my other ones, which you really should (if you'd like to). Try and Tri Again is the first, and Life After Hogwarts is the second and you can find them by clicking my profile. 2.) If you have read the others, then hello again everyone it's nice to 'see you' and I hope that you liked the first chapter of this new story! 3.) If anyone has any questions, comments, or concerns, about this chapter, please feel free to leave them in a review (or PM)! 4.) So, I mentioned Eliza's BABY in this chapter, and we will find out the gender and the name in the next chapter, but I think I'd be fun for y'all to VOTE (aka leave me a REVIEW) and tell me what gender you think the baby is. 5.) Finally, how'd you like this first chapter? Next Update: Since it's Christmas holidays, I'm going to give everyone two weeks to get caught up on the last story and this one, and to vote on the baby's gender, so the next chapter will be up in two weeks. Next Chapter: Vic and Teddy get to Spain, we see Charlotte, Tasha, Malcolm and Nadia again. And we'll finally see some Eliza, some Benjamin, and some Louis and Baxter. Teaser for Next Chap: ""What?" Victoire and Charlotte looked up to see a shocked Tasha standing near them. "Why would she need to pick a wedding party?" Tasha asked Charlotte as she placed her hands on her hips." Again, I want to welcome everybody back to my wizarding world, and please leave me any comments, questions, or concerns! I hope everyone has a Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays, and a Happy New Year! Again, leave me a review with any comments or questions, See you in two weeks time, and DFTBA!