whether he has the capability or not. If he does, I am to train him. If I find him to be unsatisfactory, it will be my failure to bear," he spat. Dumbledore hummed in thought. "What are your thoughts on this?" the elder wizard asked. "I fear my position as a double agent will become compromised either way. Refusing to teach the boy would displease the Dark Lord, and may cause him to doubt my loyalty. If do tutor the boy, there is a strong chance he will find out my true intentions. Draco is no fool, and with the tutoring he will receive, he will quickly pick up on events that do not add up. Furthermore, where shall I find the time?" Severus sighed and tightly shut his eyes. This was getting to be too much. Dumbledore sat back in his chair and stroked his beard in thought. "There is another solution," Dumbledore said quietly. Severus immediately grew alert at his master's tone of voice. It was the same voice that signaled he was not going to like what the old man had to say. "Do tell," Severus said carefully. "Would Draco be willing to trade sides?" Dumbledore asked lowly. Severus furrowed his brows. "While I'm sure he does not want to be tied to the Dark Lord, I'm unsure as to if he would go as far to go against his parents and the Dark Lord himself. Why do you ask?" Severus asked. He already had an idea where this was going, and he could feel his anger beginning to rise. "Should Draco be willing to switch to the side of light, he will become a double agent," Albus said. No sooner had the words left his mouth, Severus stood up and slammed both hands palms down on the old man's desk. "No. I will not let you use my Godson like a pawn in your miserable game of chess. I will not damn him to the same life I am stuck in," Severus hissed. His voice was quiet with barely pent up rage. "Sit down, for goodness sakes my dear boy. You're making my ulcers flair up," Dumbledore sighed. Severus growled at his demeaning manner, but sat down all the same. "I did not say that you had to choose this option. I was merely stating another possibility. However, have you thought about what you're going to do if Draco does come to you, wanting to change sides?" Albus asked. Severus's anger calmed as the question had taken him by surprise. No, he hadn't considered that. "Not initially. I do not foresee Draco going against his parents and the Dark Lord," Severus said. Dumbledore leaned forward with a serious expression. "And if he does come to you wanting to change sides?" Dumbledore asked once more. Severus sighed. Obviously he hadn't said what Dumbledore had wanted to hear yet. "What is it you want me to say?" Severus asked tiredly. "The fact of the matter is, we are in a crucial part of this war. Another spy would give us a higher advantage. Should Mister Malfoy come to you seeking redemption, he is to become a double agent," Dumbledore said matter-of-factly. "No, I will not allow it," Severus said sternly. Dumbledore's eyes hardened. "It is not up to you, Severus. I will make it very clear to him that he either becomes faithful to me, or he must serve his original master." "Tell me, Albus. If you can so easily take away a sixteen year old's free will without guilt, what makes you different from the Dark Lord, himself?" Severus asked coldly. Magic crackled in the air as Albus's anger flared. "Enough, Severus! If it comes to that, you will do as I say," he paused and took a few deep breaths. "Now, as to what to tell the Dark Lord; I want you to agree to take Draco under your wing as a spy." Dumbledore said completely calm. His anger seemed to have dissipated within a matter of seconds. Severus narrowed his eyes. He saw right through his master's plan. "You want me to teach Draco how to spy. You want him to find out I'm a double agent so that he will be persuaded to switch sides. That's your plan, isn't it?" Severus said without emotion. "Clever as always," Dumbledore said with a hint of sarcasm. Severus didn't so much as flinch. He was used to his second master's manipulation. The dark professor said nothing as he stood and walked to the door. "I will do as you say, only due to the oaths that bind me," Severus said, his back turned to Dumbledore. "It's a game to you, isn't it Albus? Playing with the lives you hold in your hands, you truly see no wrong in your actions?" "My dear boy, who has time for remorse when you're at war?" Dumbledore called tiredly over his shoulder as he disappeared to his chambers. HGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHG Severus collapsed onto his bed, not bothering to even take his boots off. He had a little over an hour before he had to get up and get ready for his first class. He rubbed his burning eyes and cursed. He was at his wits end, and he had only been back to the damned castle for a day. His mind was a jumbled up mess, which angered the man greatly; he had always prided himself on his extensive concentration skills. He grunted and rolled onto his back. After a moment of calming silence, he felt his eyelids get heavy and his breathing slow down. "Damn you, Albus," he muttered before giving into his exhaustion and allowing himself to sleep. HGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHGSSHG 1.) Well, there it is! What did you think? Interesting so far? 2.) If you find any grammar mistakes, please let me know…It's two in the morning, so my grammar skills may not be on the highest level, lol. 3.) As always, I am very open to criticism, and love reviews!