magic and technology don't mix that well, even having to re-invent non-magical items of technology using magical components and charming them to do the same job." "I believe I understand why! Most of the magic in England is of the wand user type, the way this interacts with the physical world is similar to radio waves, and then there is that totally unnecessary piece of legislation, the Statute of Secrecy. The bindings and strictures that that put on the magical world. Indeed if that piece of law were repealed tomorrow, you'd find a lot of the problems would sort themselves out. It stopped muggles finding out about magic but stopped wizards from finding about muggles. Our own policy of tentative openness means no such problem exists here, indeed it meant that we were able to assist N.A.S.A. with their Apollo projects and the moon landings. S.A.S.A. was responsible for many of the innovations that made that possible and all those discoveries were made at this school." "I understand N.A.S.A., but what's S.A.S.A.?" "Sorcerous American Space Association, of course! Many of our discoveries make it into the muggle world; of course most people aren't aware of the magical connection. You only find out about it if you stumble into it. It's not discussed outside of those people in the know, but there's nothing secretive about it on the whole. Plausible deniability and all that." "Bloody hell, I've never liked that piece of law, it's denied me a lot of knowledge about my cousin and his world and now I have even more reason to hate it. You mentioned wand user magic, do you mean you can do magic without wands then?" "Of course, magic is far older than your British society would have you believe, your magical history says that magic came to Britain with the arrival of Merlin, utter tosh, there was magic being practised in Britain before the Romans came. Your history is only concerned with 'wizard' magic though, magic that can be accessed using a wand; but even you have some magic that doesn't use a wand, apparition for example!" "Fascinating! I've never really thought about that, technically potion making works the same way, you don't use your wand in that either or don't have to. When I was taking my exams, there were mentions of stirring the potion with your wand, mine wasn't a regular wand so I used a wooden spoon; the results were exactly the same!" "Indeed, you don't even need to be magical to brew your potions, most of our potions in this country are made by the Apothecaries Guild; only about 1% of those has any magical education I believe, or indeed magical blood; and I don't mean wizard blood by that." "What do you mean then? What sort of magical blood? This is fascinating!" "Magical blood from magical creatures; veela like your beautiful wife, centaur blood, werewolf, or any magical hybrid, indeed about 45% of muggles are able to perceive and perform some sort of magic with the right education." As we walked alongside Principal Abbot through the campus, I noticed that nearly everyone we could see was in their 20's, there was the occasional person who looked older. "Excuse me, but I understood the Salem Academy was a school for children, but we're in the middle of a university or college campus, for kids who've graduated high school! Were we wrong in our perceptions there as well?" "You weren't. The School of Magic at M.I.T. is part of the main campus here; the Salem Academy is attached to that, just not part of the Institute, you'll see when we get there! Sorry about having to walk there by the way, that's part of the security precautions against outsiders finding us. Every visitor has to be escorted to the school on their first visit at least, to get introduced to the wards." "Introduced?" "Oh yes, I understand there's something similar in effect at Hogwarts for the students, the first years are taken in by another entrance, so as to get into the warded area without actually being a student yet. Apparently a battered old hat is used to officially enrol the student and allow them proper access into and out of the wards. Bit archaic, but effective I suppose!" With that he lead us into a brick built building that looked as if it was fairly new and across a large hallway. There was an opulent set of double doors on the left hand wall; that from my recollection of seeing the building from outside would just lead back into another grassy area. Principal Abbot turned to face us, a grin on his face, "welcome to the Salem Academy!" he opened the doors with a flourish and stood to one side. Gabrielle and I looked through the doors to see, not the expected grass quadrangle but the inside of what seemed to be a colonial style mansion house. There were fittings in the walls, similar to those at Hogwarts that held flaming torches; here they had normal light bulbs, chandeliers hung from the ceiling, again with light bulbs rather than the candles we were accustomed to. "Please follow me and I'll take you on a tour of the facilities!" Authors Note: Welcome to what I hope will be the continuation of my first two stories; A New Beginning, and The Start Of Something New. If a lot seems to happen in this chapter it's needed to set things up for the future of the story. I'll be as quick as I can with updates. My mention of the Wampanoag Indians and the M.I.T. is used entirely in verisimilitude and no connections should be inferred with the real Indians who were one of the native tribes in the area according to Wikipedia and the school which even myself as a Brit know is in Massachusetts. The title of this chapter is of course a homage to the film 'An American Werewolf in London'.