travel was uneventful." She said as she led them to an office. Granger was as confused as he was. "We have many children in our care." She said as an apology for her behavior toward Tom. "Some are more of a handful than others." She said jovially. The woman would not stop talking. "Mr. and Mrs.? Oh, I seem to have misplaced your file. How silly of me?" Severus waved his wand. It was a simple freezing charm. "What in the seven hells did you do?" "She was going to hit him. He didn't do anything, they were bullying him." Granger said angrily. "Need I remind you that child will grow up to be the evilest creature in the century." Granger matched his anger. "If that is so then why couldn't you cast the killing curse when you had the chance." She admonished. He should have killed the boy. Severus couldn't however. He was not a killer; all he ever did was to keep Lily and Potter safe. He looked at the boy and his hand trembled. Albus would have said he was noble, he begged to differ. Severus was weak and his weakness led to being unable to kill the darkest wizard of all time. He looked exasperatedly at his former student. She had that glint in her eyes, the one she had when she had the answer and he ignored her. "We raise him, make sure he is taught well, we made sure he doesn't grow up to be a dark wizard." Severus had to laugh at that. He was no father material. He despised children. He would surely botch it up as his father and his grandfather had done. "You cannot be serious. Do you understand the ramifications of what you're suggesting?" "We would be saddled with him for the next 9 years until he becomes of age." Severus said, while refreshing the freezing charm. "10 years. He turned 7 December 31st." The girl offered with uncertain eyes. He would exploit that uncertainty. "What do you know of children?" She glared at him. "More than you of course." She replied with haughtiness. "You have illustrated my point. We lack the experience, the basic knowledge to take care of a child. Let alone a child as dark as Lord Voldemort." Severus insisted. "You would kill him then?" She asked. "Have you thought about what it would mean to kill a relative innocent child? Think of your soul professor. What about the aurors? Someone would trace you, unless you frame me. How would anyone explain a healthy child dead, with a scared and surprised face. You would go to Azkaban. I think the Headmaster meant for us to go back in time and do exactly this. Pay more attention to Tom, make sure he did not stray or at least try to do so." Severus gritted his teeth. He didn't like that she made a bit of sense. Albus was the kind to meddle with other's lives to the point of sending people back in time to fix his mistakes. If only Dumbledore had been more kind or placed Tom Riddle with a wizarding family. Granger looked at him expectantly. "Very well but I hope you understand what happens if we fail. If we fail, they will all be dead." She nodded. "They might as well be professor. You heard professor McGonagall. We have no means of going back." Granger looked back at him unflinchingly. "This is madness." He muttered darkly. "We don't have anything else. You can go professor. I can confound her. She is under the impression we are a couple and want to adopt a child. Once we have Tom you could disappear if you'd like. Severus shook his head. "No, we'll do this and hope it works because if not we will be the biggest fools in the history of wizarding kind." He waved his wand and discreetly confounded the muggle. "You were telling us about our excellent file. Granger then replicated adoption papers from a nearby cabinet. The girl did have excellent skills. "We have passed all checkpoints and are want to adopt Tom Riddle." Granger said to the dazed woman who seemed less confused by the second. "Tom? But I've never put any papers for Tom." She said with a glassy look. "Mr. and Mrs. Snape, are you sure you wish to adopt a seven year old. Tom is rather peculiar too." Mrs. Cole said. "We are sure. My husband and I just met him outside. He is a delightful boy. I have fallen in love with him." Granger smiled demurely, an actress to boot. Severus nodded and signed papers left and right. Granger sat silent and smiling. "Now, I have to submit these papers and then you would pick Tom from here." "How long does the process take?" He asked. "A month or so." He looked into her blue eyes and willed her to open her mind. It actually took a week to finalize an adoption. "It will take you three days." "We are going to meet Tom right now." He stood up and motioned for Granger to do the same. Mrs. Cole nodded; the spell was slowly wearing off. She led them through noisy corridors. The installations were clean but very modest. The children looked borderline sickly. He assumed it was how orphans tended to look. In reality Severus had never been to an orphanage but he guessed they were in the same spectrum as this place. Places with children who were lonely, needy, a rather depressing ambiance. Granger's face revealed her uneasiness. "I'm not sure about this professor." Severus scowled. "We'll just look at him and come for him the day after tomorrow." He said shortly. Mrs. Cole nodded and pointed to a small room, in there were two bunk beds. Tom sat writing by a desk. Not once did the child look outside. If he had done so he would have seen a couple watching him with cautious eyes.