the stream of smoke and the impossible number of spells heading their way. Hermione had only known Kingsley to use non-verbal spells. It was the greatest attribute of a great wizard, but she heard him conjure his spell through gritted teeth. "Protego Maxima!" A translucent shield was aimed off the front of the Thestral's head. It was the shape of a half-moon that was directed right at the oncoming Dark wizard. Each of Voldemort's spells was reflecting off of Kingsley's shield charm. The time that the Thestral and Voldemort were hurtling at each other only lasted a few seconds, but from what Hermione could peek at through slits of her eyelids, was that they were going to collide. In a great battle cry, Kingsley roared. Voldemort met Kingsley's enraged jeer with one of his own. Hermione gritted her teeth and slammed her eyes shut. What would happen when a human body ran into a shield charm? Would Voldemort slam into it like a brick wall or would he pass through like a finger through a flame? In the next instant, Hermione felt the world around her become shaky and fuzzy. In her dazed stupor, she had to remember what was happening. She reached up and had to readjust her glasses. But she didn't wear glasses. She remembered that she was still a Harry Potter lookalike. She squeezed her legs and remembered that she was riding on a Thestral. She reached out with her hands and grabbed onto the waxy skin of the beast. That had been a new sensation. Where was Kingsley? Hermione hardly had enough time to reach out and get a solid grip on the creature, but the Thestral dove to the ground. After a few seconds of shock, Hermione was able to regain her wits about her. The Thestral's nose was pointed directly at the ground. Hermione had to squint through Harry's glasses but she could see the outline of a group of robes spiraling to the ground. Kingsley was unconscious and accelerating at the rate of gravity. Hermione spun her head around. She didn't know what impulse caused her to unlock her gaze off of the falling Kingsley, but she swiveled around and saw that Voldemort must also have been feeling shaken up from the collision. But it was also clear that he was coming too from being momentarily stunned. Voldemort's head shot around in every direction looking for where Hermione, Kingsley and the Thestral had gone to. When he saw Hermione riding the Thestral alone, the smoke that replaced his feet, aimed upward and he shot towards Hermione like a rocket. "Potter!" Hermione could see Voldemort's bone white face clearly as he hurtled toward her. If she were to die while protecting Harry, then that was the most valiant way she could imagine going. Hermione closed her eyes as she saw Voldemort reach out with his wand hand. The blood curdling words of, "Avada Kedavra" we're halfway out Voldemort's mouth. The green light appeared out the tip of his wand, but missed Hermione by almost a full body length. Everything was moving so slowly for Hermione that she could see everything. A grimace of pain came over Voldemort's lips. His dark red eyes peered at his forearm. Hermione could see the Dark Mark blazoned in black against his alabaster skin. He twisted his face in an even uglier mug before coming to a stop. He appeared to fade into himself and then there was only smoke left. He was gone with a pop of Apparition. Hermione looked all around her to see where Voldemort was going to pop up again, but as she turned back around to face the front, she retracted her head and screamed. She was flying down through smoke. Or she thought it was smoke. It was just the clouds. It was icy cold. The water molecules were pooling up on her skin chilling her to the bone. She had to close her eyes as she and the Thestral barreled down out of the cloud cover. Once they were through the mist, Hermione could see the ground below her. Kingsley wasn't far below them, but she doubted they would reach him before he collided with the ground. "Wingardium Leviosa!" Hermione shouted. She pointed her wand in the direction of Kingsley. As if caught up by a strong gust of wind, the Auror's body rocketed up into the sky. The Thestral was able to react to everything that was happening. As if on a dime, the Thestral reverted its momentum from falling to the ground, to reaching to the clouds to catch Kingsley on the creature's back. With a thud, Kingsley's body landed between where Hermione was sitting and the base of the Thestral's neck. Hermione did her best to roll Kingsley over so that she could assess his injuries. Still flying through the night - they must've been close to Kingsley's sister's farm house, because the Thestral was gliding at a gradual pace toward the ground. Hermione was able to turn Kingsley to his side so that she could see his face. She leaned over closer to him. His eyes shot open. They were dark red. "Granger!" The voice was shrill and high. Hermione screamed. She screamed again and again. Then she was shaking violently. "Hey, it's just a dream. You're ok," a young man's voice said. An arm reached out to attempt to calm Hermione down by stroking her head. "Don't touch me," the young Gryffindor spat at the voice. She retracted her head and swatted the hand away. Hermione Granger didn't always hate Cormac McLaggen. But to begin to explain that, would require going back to Hermione's first months at the Academy. A/N: Hopefully this first chapter has you excited and curious to see the next installments. Let me know, if there is enough interest I'll post the next chapter as soon as I finish editing it, or I can wait until next week. Happy New Year to all. jrb2009