she gasped in with pre-cum all over her mouth. Once she had received a few precious breaths of air, Snape gave her another round of face-fucking. The sounds Hermione mad only made Snape want to go harder. "I'm going to finish in your little whore mouth, Granger. You are going to swallow every bit of it. Do you understand me?" Snape questioned. Hermione didn't have time to respond when his salty seed flowed into her mouth. It was the foulest thing that Hermione had ever tasted. She hadn't expected any of that. Disgusted, she spewed it out of her mouth and it dribbled down her front, covering her breasts and bra. "Tsk. Tsk. Ms. Granger, I wanted you to swallow that. What should I do now?" Snape purred at the chance to find another way to punish her. Hermione wanted to cry, her professor of higher learning was taking advantage of her and he was loving every second of it. She said nothing to his question, but just looked at Snape's seed covering her as her head continued to hang. "Let's remove the rest of what you have on," Snape said helping her off of her knees and up to her feet. Snape unclasped her bra and let her small breasts fall out. Again Hermione tried to cover up, but Snape forced her hands to the side. "Sit back on my desk," Hermione obeyed, "Is there anything you won't do to keep your precious Gryffindor points?" Hermione just kept her head down. "Good." Snape said with another smile - he had broken her long ago, but now there wasn't even a hint of fight left in the Gryffindor princess. Snape pushed her gently back onto the desk and stood between her legs that were dangling off the piece of furniture. He positioned his hands under her panties and pulled them off of her, leaving her completely nude on his desk. Snape took in the sight of her little body, naked and ashamed. The potions master was very proud of his work. "I think that since you didn't swallow when I ordered you to, you should have another opportunity, Ms. Granger." Snape said, "Do you think that is fair?" Hermione just nodded. "But you see my cock isn't nearly as hard as I want it to be. Fix that," Snape ordered. "How, Sir?" "You are going to pleasure yourself, and rub your feet up against me," Snape informed her. Hermione had never done either of these things before, but she tried. She leaned back and rested her bare feet on her professor's soft member and tried to rub it effectively. At the same time, she took her right hand down and rubbed the outside of her softness. "You are taking too long, whore," Snape told her. Hermione winced at his sharp words and pressed her feet harder against the full grown wizard and inserted two fingers into herself. When she imagined the feeling of something inside her, she thought it would feel good. She was revolted with herself that she was performing for her teacher. "That is much better," Snape said, his cock stiffening under Hermione's feet. After two minutes of clumsily moving her feet over her professor, he was fully erect again. Without warning, Snape grabbed her hips and pulled her up to him. "Are you ready for the last thing you have to do for the night?" "Yes, Professor," Hermione said ashamed assuming what the last step was. "Aside from swallowing whatever gets in your mouth, I am going to fuck your Mudblood pussy," that was a word he hadn't used in over a decade, but he felt his old Death Eater ways coming over him. "Yes, Sir," Hermione said opening her legs hesitantly to allow her professor access to her core. With a smile, Snape forced his member into his young student. Snape moaned, "You have the tightest little hole, my Gryffin-whore." Hermione's voice sounded with an unpleasant groan of discomfort. Hermione closed her eyes. She was horrified at herself for coming to this. Snape thought she was closing her eyes from pleasure and it urged him to continue. Snape thrusted harder and deeper each time he reentered her. Hermione tried to push him away with her thighs, but there was no chance. She just had to stand being his toy until he was finished. Snape enjoyed every thrust as her small breasts bounced. Sweetest of all was the shot of pleasure that ran through his rod with each powerful stroke he drove into his student. "Hop off the desk and bend over," Snape ordered. Obediently, Hermione jumped off the desk and turned around sticking her bottom out toward the professor. Snape positioned his cock outside her entrance again and slid it in. This time it curved up into her at an uncomfortable angle. Snape pounded into her until his toes were beginning to curl. "Quick, on your knees," Snape said holding back his orgasm with all his might. Hermione listened and opened her mouth. Snape took the chance to fuck her face for a few more strokes until he gave her the last instruction of the night, "Swallow it all!" Hermione obeyed as his cock convulsed in her mouth. She tipped her head back and allowed the cum to flow down her throat. She was disgusted, but knew better than to didn't complain. "Well done, Ms. Granger," Snape said exhausted, "I will expect you at detention tomorrow as well," he paused for a moment, "and expect something similar." Hermione nodded. She refused to look up from the floor. "And know if you mention any of this to anyone, the consequences will be worse than losing 400 points for your beloved housemates." Snape told her, even though she already knew that. Hermione hung her head as she dressed and left the dungeon absolutely ashamed of herself. "I should send out an owl to him," Snape said aloud as he dressed, "I feel like that will make us even."