orders. Fearing more injuries, the cupboard door was locked behind him. Harry collapsed to the bed, somewhat exhausted. He felt blood dripping down his face and bruises forming on his chest and stomach. Was this what they called passing out from blood loss, the boy wondered before his eyes closed and he was engaged into dreamless sleep. O00o0o0 Harry awoke with a start when he heard a louder thud, which was more like a canon blast in his cupboard door, and he immediately knew his "dear" Aunt was calling. Harry rushed to the door, which his aunt opened, wondering what time was it. "You little freak," She said in a dangerous, sharp tone, accompanied with death glares. "We are going to a party for Christmas. You have a list of chores to do on the fridge. If you do anything else while we are gone, those marks will have more friends to accompany them, do you understand?" "Can I go with you?" The words escaped Harry's mouth before he was able to tame them. That earned him a whack on the nose with his uncle's belt right then and there as his uncle was putting it on. "No freaks are allowed boy." With that, the family went away, leaving Harry on the floor, his nose bleeding, adding more blood to the dried blood on his face. However, before they left, Dudley came over and whispered in his ear, "I wish you never came, you useless creep!" And then they left. Harry laid there on the ground as he heard their car's engine roar and take off. It was eight P.M, he thought, as he looked at the clock on the wall. Harry remained rooted to the spot for several minutes, blood dripping down the carpet, but he did not care anymore. No one wants me! Maybe I am a useless pathetic freak, but, still, am I that much of burden? Fine! I'll give them the nicest gift ever and runaway from here forever! Like that boy in Dudley's cartoon! I'll try using my freakishness and never coming back ever again! No one will miss me, and it would be better this way. With that, Harry walked into the kitchen, where he eyed the foot-long paper of chores waiting to be done on the fridge. He ignored it, walking past it and to the sink. Harry washed his nose with hot water before he cleaned it with tissues, not being able to find gauze. The eight-year-old treated all of his injuries, using all of the knowledge he gained from visiting the nurse's office after being beaten by Dudley and his gang. After his wounds felt a little better, Harry went to his cupboard. He emptied his school bag and stuffed some clothes in there. Harry journeyed back to the kitchen, where he grabbed some food and stuffed it in his back pack. Then, he went to Dudley's room, where he grabbed some mittens, a scarf, socks, a hat, and a coat. Harry picked the smallest one, knowing that Dudley wouldn't miss it, much less notice its absence, due to all of the clothes in his crowded wardrobe. He tried it on himself, but still it was too wide for him. He sighed and then walked along the house, collecting some important things. After he was done, Harry scribbled down a note for the Dursleys just because they raised him. He wrote one sentence in order not to empty all of his hate on a paper that wouldn't fit it anyway. I am no longer a burden. Harry. There, that was enough. Harry looked at the house he had known for seven years. He was not sure why, since he knew nothing but pain in it. With a deep breath, he pulled the scarf up to hide the bruises on his face, so that he wouldn't be caught before his adventure started, and opened the door. For the first mile or so, Harry walked waving to some of the people he knew, trying to act normal. Then, when he was at the edge of a forest, the youth started running. It felt fabulous. He was free! Harry fought the urge to yell, "I'm free!" fearing it might attract attention or monsters. He froze. Harry never thought about animals. He only considered cops returning him to the Dursleys. But he lived with the Dursleys for seven years. Being eaten alive would be much better than returning to their custody. Harry walked deeper into the forest. After a long time, he stopped to rest, hoping that he brought one of Dudley's old watches. Something told him that it was way past midnight. He fell down and leaned against a tree trunk as he nibbled on some cheese and bread and drank water before he fell into a needed sleep. 00o0o0o In the morning, Harry woke up more comfortable than ever Although his body ached as if every cell in it was sore and he was freezing, he was free. After a breakfast of cheese and bread, again, Harry continued walkingHe walked until late in the afternoon, hoping not to be caught and ignoring his aching body and hungry it became late at night, Harry felt him. Someone was following him, and he had been for the two past hours. The man moved forward as the eight-year-old was engulfed in possibilities. He grabbed the small boy, and Harry happened next, he had no idea. He felt something grab him by the navel and place him somewhere different at top speed. Harry found himself in a small village, but he was too frightened of being caught to actually mind what he just did. Probably my freakishness, he thought as he ran. I have to get out. I don't want to return. That's when Harry, running at top speed, bumped into a tall, slender man with black robes and shoulder-length, ebony child and adult fell down on the ground. O0o0o0o Any ideas who the man can be?