her face, sobbing. "I'm sorry," she said a moment later when she had the strength the speak again. She took out a tissue from the pocket of her suit. "I'm just a mess! I don't know what to do. I just lost my best friend. Those darling children just lost their father, one won't eat, and one doesn't completely realize what's even happening. I just - " She took a deep breath, catching herself. This was Draco Malfoy, one of the most insensitive men she knew, and she was blubbering away like a pathetic schoolgirl. He hadn't changed the expression on his face since he asked the first question. She knew he was feelingless toward other people, but how could he look at her as if she had said nothing at all?! Hermione stood up straight and took a quivering deep breath. "I'll see about that will," she whispered, unable to manage anything stronger. Draco nodded. "Send me an owl when you do." He stuck his hand into a pocket and pulled out a card. "I'm staying at the bed and breakfast on East." $-.-$-.-$-.-$ "I would have told him to hit the road," said Scarlett that night after the children were in bed, and Hermione had explained what Draco had wanted to talk with her about. Hermione was looking around Hydrus's computer area for a possible will. "We both know Hydrus wanted a good relationship with his family. If the Malfoys want to be in the children's life, I'm not going to stop them. Obviously, they have an interest." Scarlett huffed. "It's a bit late for that!" "Better than never though." Hermione backed away from the desk. She had just searched in every drawer, but there was no will in any of them. "It's so weird being here now," said Scarlett quietly. "I'm expecting him to walk into the room with a ginormous bowl of popcorn and ask us what movie we're going to watch tonight." "And then he'll grumble and tease us about the one we picked." "But he always enjoyed them!" Scarlett's smile slowly faded in sadness. "He must have really missed her." Hermione nodded. It was suddenly hard to breathe. She sat down in the desk chair. "I knew he missed Emily, but not that much." "Hydrus was putting on a good show," informed Hermione. "He didn't want us worrying about him. I confronted him about it, but he pretended that everything was fine." She shook her head. "There was nothing we could do. Nothing we could have done would have stopped him from doing it." "How could he do it though? Didn't he think of Natasha, Anthony and Curtis?" "I'm sure he did, but he…" Hermione sighed. "I'm don't know what was going on in his head these past few months. I wish I knew, but even if I did, it probably wouldn't have helped. He was sick with grief. Emily was his everything." "Shows what he thought of the children though." "We both know he loved them," Hermione defended Hydrus. "I don't doubt he tried everything to help himself, and I'm not going to judge him for something that I can't relate to. I wasn't in his place, but I do know that he did everything for those children, and he wouldn't have done what he did if he wasn't sick." "So do you think there's even a will here?" Hermione shrugged. "All we can do is look and hope that he wrote one." "And if he didn't, what then?" "I'll see what options there are, and then pick the one that's best for the children." "You're their Godmother, Hermione, aren't you going to look after them?" Hermione's eyes fell down to her hands. She intertwined her fingers and thought. Of course she was going to look after them. She had been helping out since Emily had lost her fight against cancer. She loved those kids, and they loved her. She just didn't know how she was going to manage it by herself. It would take a long time for them all to heal, and right now she felt incredibly overwhelmed with all that was happening. "I'm going to do the best I can." $-.-$-.-$-.-$ "She won't be able to care for them on her own, at least not right now. She's going to need some breathing space, Grangers already having meltdowns, and it's only just begun." "It's better if we take them then," said Narcissa. "If there's no will, I have copies of the letters showing that Hydrus would have liked his children to know us. Granger always does what's right - or rather she used to. If she's anything like she was when I knew of her at Hogwarts, she'll let us have them." "But what if she's too attached or if she takes her Godmother status too seriously?" "Then things could get ugly, and Granger wouldn't want to drag them into a custody battle; with our financial status, blood relation to the children and my medical issue, it would be an easy win for us - her Godmother title would be worth as much as a Leprechaun's gold coin." "I feel we should compromise with her," said Narcissa hesitantly. "I don't want to upset those babies anymore than they already are, and they like her alot." "What are you proposing?" "Your home is spacious enough for everyone." "Mother, are you implying that I marry this woman?!" Draco was repulsed over the thought. Narcissa laughed. "Goodness, no! She could have her own suite, of course! Granger could be a considerable amount of help. As you know, I'm no spring chicken, and you've never had children before. Children are a lot of work - a lot of physical work." "Isn't that why we have house elves?" Narcissa sighed and clicked her tongue. "They need human interaction, Draco." Draco pressed his lips together, thinking over the idea. "It's not a terrible plan, but will she go for it?" "And that's the real question, dear."