was of no matter, truly. She clenched her eyes shut, biting into her lip to keep herself from screaming – being hit a fourth time was both better and worse than if it had been her first – and only succeeding partially in that she let a broken moan gurgle up from deep within her throat. As quick as the pain started, it stopped. Footsteps were coming closer, speedy but not as if they were running. I can't show fear, I can't show fear , she chanted to herself. I am Hermione Granger. Voldemort will be defeated because of me. I am strong. I am strong! "Get it over with, quickly, if you're going to kill me. If not, leave me be – I don't want you," Hermione practically growled through her panting pain. She heard a gasp. A halting of their footsteps. And then— Then she could hear the sound of running footsteps and she was being gathered into strong, wiry arms, pulled against coarse wool robes, and a large, calloused hand was pushing the hair off of her face almost desperately and— She gasped. The deep black eyes of Severus Snape stared into her own, expressing more remorse and fear than she'd ever seen in them before. And there was… there was— Self-pity. Anger. She cast her thoughts back to her words, her mind quickly responding even though she'd been thrown entirely off kilter by who was at the other end of that spiky scrawl – she'd never once stopped to think of him, or any of the adults she knew, as people , let alone as a possible soulmate, she was so stupid, and the answer had been staring her right in the face on the blackboard of Potions class every year. She was so stupid . And awful . The words she'd said to him… he had been living with those since he was eleven . She could only imagine how he had felt… how he had shaped his life because of those words. He must have hated himself; must have hated… must have hated her . "I'm sorr—" He pressed his thumb against her lips, his palm and fingers cradling her cheek. He still held her in his arms, kneeling on the hard, cold stone of the castle corridor. His eyes flashed, and his expression shut off. Hermione quieted beneath the force of his stare, now inscrutable. "Do not pity me," he ordered gruffly as he helped Hermione to her feet. "The Dark Lord is calling me," he announced as soon as they were both upright, and Hermione's eyes flashed to where she knew the Dark Mark lay beneath his sleeves before finding his eyes again. "We will speak of this later. Now go." She hesitated, her eyes widening. " Go !" he hissed, and she fled past him before she could even begin to fully comprehend what had happened. It was only later, in the aftermath of the bloody and deadly battle, that Hermione was able to wrap her mind around it all. Or, at least, she was not thinking too hard about what everything meant. She was exhausted, weary to her bones, and her mind was as near to blissfully blank as it would ever get. Or so she hoped. It was rather disconcerting. And yet there was still one more thing she had to do… Hermione crept into the Shrieking Shack, and was immediately met with the sound of harsh, rasping, wet breaths. He was still alive . She knew he was – her word hadn't disappeared – and yet it was still a relief to hear proof of said fact. Relief? When had she become relieved that her soulmate was alive? When had she so irrevocably turned the tide on the course she had decided for herself? When had she decided that maybe – just maybe ? she had seen the memories he'd given Harry – he wasn't as bad as what he seemed to be? She fell to her knees by his side, dust pluming up around her as she immediately began to cast diagnostic and healing spells on the man, as fast as the words could leave her mouth. Hermione hardly knew the man. But… he wasn't evil . He had done the right thing, had saved countless more lives in an attempt to repay the debt he felt he owed a dead woman, and had been burdened by a war, two powerful masters, ghosts, politics, and the burden of a soulmark that proved to him just how vile he would become. All that… all that and more. He deserved a second – a third , even – chance. A chance to prove who he was beyond the confines of school and war and treachery. It wouldn't be an easy journey, but Hermione had never taken the easy road. And now they had the time and space to see if they would ever be more than friends. They finally had space to just be . Where they could go back to life as normal, and she could get herself settled into a new career, a new education, a new… everything , untouched by the evils of Tom Riddle. And so could he. She was young; she had time to befriend him first before… well. Friends first. Maybe he wouldn't even want anything more. That would be okay. However, she couldn't deny that she wanted to pick his mind apart and learn from the brilliant man. Hermione knew he was a match and more for her intellect, and she was looking forward to that, at the very least! Her fingertips traced the outline of her cursive through holes ripped in the torso of his robes; whatever she could see, she traced. The words burned red now, contrasting starkly with the pale white of his skin. He had lost a lot of blood. First thing's first: get him healed. Save him. After that? They would just have to wait and see.