followed by a scandalous activity, "… somewhere else to work on something else?" James gave a smile that was like an open window to a breeze of laughter. "Remus, mate, you up to it?" Remus gave an eye roll and a rather exasperated look. He stretched his arms behind him, wincing when the shoulder blades popped. It seemed like the activities in class had given him an energy rush. "Aren't I always?" With that, the four boys set off. They started up the stairs towards the owlery, going all the way up to the fourth floor. Remus gripped the handrail the entire time. They walked past a suit of armor, up a spiral staircase, and stopped in the middle in front of a large landscape painting of a unicorn in a field. It was in fact however, a door, and when Sirius ran his long finger down the horn of the animal, it swung open as if he had pushed it. They filed into the room, and Peter ran to open the blinds. They had tested it from outside, and found that even when the windows were open, the room was impossible to spot from outside the castle. It was as if it didn't exist. He stopped by the corner, where an enchanted bucket of ice held a mix of butterbeers, as well as some domestic muggle beers that Remus had brought after winter break. Sirius was particularly fond of them and never missed an opportunity to try a new kind. Peter grabbed two beers for James and Sirius, as well as two butterbeers for himself and Remus. He placed each bottle in front of its intended drinker, and pretended not to notice when Remus put his back in the bucket. James opened his bag and rifled around for something, a look of puzzlement on his face. "It's not in-" Sirius procured a large, seemingly blank piece of parchment from his own bag. "Of course it's not there, I nicked it this morning." James gave him an affectionate, yet effective, elbow to the ribs. "Git." The boys each plopped into a chair, and Sirius spread the parchment out in front of them. He touched his wand to the parchment and stated; "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." Like silk thread, words began to appear on the parchment "The Marauder's Map" it read in large swirly letters. "I still think we should add more to that," said Peter. "Hush, we'll get to it," chastised Remus. The map continued to seemingly write itself, until a large network of passages were displayed in front of them, stopping abruptly near the upper left side. "So did you manage to find out-," Peter began, before Sirius interrupted him. "Course I did, where do I think I was last night, I found out everything I needed from that Ravenclaw girl from lunch." "My dear friend, one day you will be skinned by a mob of vengeful witches," stated James as he took a swig of beer. "I look forward to it." Turning back to the task at hand, Sirius looked to the map. "There's another hallway heading west from the Great Hall. It forks off right there," he pointed "and the one on the left leads to Ravenclaw tower. On the right seems to be another way to make it to the dungeons." Remus drew all of this out with a quill, checking for Sirius's approval. Upon receiving it, he cast a linking charm, so that the spell on the rest of the map would extend to the new area. "I think there might have been another hidden passage, but one of you needs to come with me, I think it might lock from the inside." The four of them checked over the map, fixing minor errors when they came across them. Outside, the sky darkened, changing from bright blue to a cerulean color. Eventually, Remus placed his head against the table and began to doze. At this James checked his wristwatch, and exclaimed in whispered surprise "Merlin, dinner's in twenty minutes, and we need to get him back to the dormitory," jerking his head toward the dozing boy among them. He pointed his wand at the parchment and whispered "Mischief managed," and watched in awe as the ink on the map retreated, until it was nothing more than a blank piece of parchment once again. "So, should we wake him up?" Peter asked. "No, no." James gave a knowing smile, and reached into his bag once again. He pulled out his shimmery invisibility cloak, and handed it to Sirius. "It's not fair! All my family's got is silver, you get an invisibility cloak!" Sirius exclaimed. "Pete, help me… no grab the other arm," together, the two boys managed to hoist Remus onto James back, so that he was in a piggy-back position. Each boy was proficient in the art of carrying a sleeping werewolf, as Remus often fell asleep in odd places in days leading up to the full moon. When he was just tired, Peter would often support him. When he was only half conscience, Sirius would prop him up. But when he was completely asleep, James was the one entrusted to carry him, as he was the strongest of the three, and had been taller than Remus until recently, when he had sprouted up. Sirius covered Remus with the cloak, and Peter grabbed both Remus's and James's bags. Remus was vaguely aware of movement happening beneath him, but it barely registered. He did not know how much time had passed, but he stirred slightly when he felt himself be lay down in his soft bed. He didn't even realize that he was cold until blankets appeared over his shivering body. "We'll be back soon" managed to make its way into his subconscience, although he didn't know who had said it. As he drifted away to the dark abyss of sleep, he knew that it would be a long night.