flicked his wand through the same anagram as Riddle had in the Chamber a year and a half ago, and several students seemed to wilt or even faint in their seats. "But don't listen to me, look it up! Tom Riddle got a special services award to the school for stopping Rubeus Hagrid, who allegedly opened the Chamber all those years ago… though he was framed by Riddle, and is innocent of his crimes! Lumos! " Dumbledore sat back heavily in his chair. What was happening? Where had all this come from? "Oh, and to all the people who read those stupid Harry Potter adventure books? They're all lies. I was brought up by magic-hating muggles! They beat me, starved me, and locked me in a boot cupboard until my Hogwarts letters came!" Everyone snapped back to pay attention as Harry went on, shock on their faces. Harry actually seemed to hesitate for a moment, but pressed on. "I never knew about magic or the Wizarding World until Hagrid took me for my school supplies! And two summers ago they put locks on my door and bars on my windows to keep me from going back! The summer after that they would have beat me bloody because of accidental magic if I hadn't run away; and that was the first time I heard of my godfather, Sirius Black, who is innocent of the crimes he's accused of, framed by a still-alive rat-bastard named Peter Pettigrew. But when I and my friend Hermione tried to explain this to Minister Fudge, we were brushed off and he was sentenced to the Dementor's Kiss! He's never even had a trial! EXPECTO PATRONUM!" A few more students actually fainted at the combination of Sirius' innocence and the shining form of Prongs. Dumbledore's face was ashen, along with Crouch's. "I could go on, but I think I've made my point quite clear. So let me end on this. I, Harry James Potter, intend to leave Hogwarts and Britain at the end of this year if I am not released from the tournament and given reassurances and immediate action for the safety of myself and others at this school." The uproar was instantaneous. All the professors were on their feet, shouting, as were the students. The foreign exchanges were looking around in bewilderment at the sudden madhouse the Great Hall had become. " SILENCE!" Harry roared, quieting the hall. "Harry, how can you say Hogwarts isn't safe?" Dumbledore questioned, fear on his face at the idea of losing Harry Potter. Harry's answering laugh was cold and terrifying. "Gods, how could I not? In first year, the troll, getting hexed on my broom, and all the damn stupid obstacles you put in the way of the stone and the wraith of Voldemort himself!" To his glee, a few less screams erupted this time, though many did turn to stare at Dumbledore. "Second year, an idiotic glory-hound of a teacher that tries to obliviate me, a fucking basilisk I had to kill on my own with a bloody SWORD, another damn Riddle-Wraith, and giant talking spiders in the forest! In third year, the dementors attacked me three times and I find out my parents' betrayer was in my fucking dorm room for three years! And finally I'm entered into a deadly tournament against my will, three years before I could even be remotely ready!" The headmaster was speechless, but Harry didn't let up. "Also!" he pointed to Draco. "You permit bullies to run rampant without any kind of deterrent or punishment," He pointed to a livid Snape. "You allow teachers to abuse their students and show blatant favoritism to the point of making the House Cup a joke," he points to McGonnagal, who was surprised to be singled out. "You do nothing when students come to you with concerns, and you don't step in to prevent school-wide bullying against a member of your own house!" McGonnagal's jaw worked soundlessly, before she ducked her head in shame. Harry turned back to the Headmaster bringing his wand to bear on the old bastard. "And you send me back to my abusive relatives, every year, despite me sometimes begging you not to! You sit on the Wizengamot as Chief Warlock and don't get my godfather a trial! I'm done! Maybe Salem or Beauxbatons would suit me better." Dumbledore seemed torn between despair and terror. "H-Harry…" " Aguamenti!" A jet of water flew the length of the room directly into Dumbledore's shocked face, soaking his long beard and sparkling robes, causing gasps of shock and a little outrage at Harry's disrespect… until they realized his magic had just verified everything he had said. Harry turned to look around the hall. "Any questions?" Silence met his query. "None? Then I hope I need never do this again. Thus ends my oath." Hundreds of eyes watched in mortified silence as Harry turned on his heel and exited the hall, as rapid and angry arguing broke out at the Head Table. Dumbledore, in the middle of it all, watched him go, numb with shock. McGonagall turned to Dumbledore. "Albus, is it true? Did he truly… was he really living in a cupboard?" "I didn't know, Minerva, I…" "You swore he would be safe! That he would be cared for! I told you they were the worst kind of muggles-" "Minerva," he said, standing. "Please find Mister Potter and bring him to my office. I must speak with him-" "Let him be, Albus!" Moody spoke up. "You've done a fair bit of hurt to the lad and you'll do no better by pulling him up to your office like some chit of a boy!" "But Alastor, we must ensure he remains at Hogwarts! He is safe here!" "Seems to me that he has a damn good case for the opposition there, Albus." Dumbledore was at a loss. How could this have spun out of control so quickly? First HP fic! What do you think? Please review!