to see that they were surrounded and he fought for his life only to see that the giant was driving away. Antoine swerved to follow them was only greeted by green light, he expertly maneuvered himself only for the light to hit the blasted bird and Antoine shot and killed the one who shot the green light. He heard Harry shouting that they had to go back but Thankfully Hagrid continued to move onward and Antoine continued to follow and fight in the rear, throwing spells that were both light and dark in repertoire. He killed quite a few death eaters himself and then quickly followed the accelerated speed of the motorcycle as Hagrid pressed a button to speed up… twice. However the second did not go as planned as the sidecar disentangled from the flying motorcycle and harry started dropping towards the earth at Breakneck speed. Antoine did not hesitate and then dived and soon caught up with him and grasped the hand that was failing for him and then pulled him up and then looked at him, Harry stared at the man who saved him and recognition flashed through his face as he recognized the man who went on tour with the house. Antoine Von Bielefeld was it. "You," Harry said. "Yes me, no time to explain," said Antoine. "Voldemort and his minions are coming any minute, and I don't want to have a confrontation with the dark lord or my dear grandpapa anytime soon…. I have orders to protect you and protect you I shall." "Wait if you are in the order why haven't I met you before?" he asked. "I'm not part of the order of the Frying chickens," said Antoine with a sneer. "However that is for another time, we have things to do… and I have a duty that I must fulfill." Antoine withdrew his gun and then fired at a death eater with what Harry noticed was with deadly accuracy and then he fixed himself behind Antoine and then pulled out his wand… Who was this person? He acted like a soldier, and had muggle weapons, but could use magic… when did the muggle army start training wizards? Harry was confused. "I will try to lead you away from the fight," called out Antoine as he dived and then took out a couple of smoke pellets, he threw them in the air and then aimed at them and it exploded, Antoine casted a quick disillusionment charm on them both and then flew away. They landed on the ground and then he climbed off and then they were greeted by an elderly couple. "Are you Harry Potter?" he asked. "Yes," harry said though shaken and then Antoine kept both wand and gun away and then turned to him. "Who are you?" "As I said my name is Antoine Von Bielefeld," said Antoine to him. "I've been assigned to protect you." "That doesn't answer anything, why would I need protecting," said harry. "Because harry potter, without me you would be dead today," said Antoine. "And trust me, with your death, the wizarding world will be falling to pieces. I have already said too much, I have to go but I will be back, Good day." Antoine bowed but then the diary fell out and then landed on the ground open, harry bent to pick it up and then looked down to see that it was a diary yet the date was impossible… 2013? They were in 1998? Why was there an entry written for the year 2013? In addition, from the entry it was Draco who wrote it… who was he? "Who are you and why do you have Draco's diary?" he asked. "Tell me, I don't think you are who you are." Antoine paused and then straightened out the classic unreadable Malfoy face on and then stared at harry, then he walked onwards and then calmly took the book from him and then placed it back on his pocket and then looked at him. "Your right, I am Special Forces Lieutenant Antoine Severin Malfoy, I'm from 200 years in the future, I was sent here by my father Commander Lucianius Harald Malfoy to go back 200 years to the past and protect you until you finish your mission. If you fail, the effects of your failure will have dire effects on the future of the wizarding world… therefore I was sent to aid you in your endeavor." Harry stared at Antoine as he stood there and then he blinked and tried to process it but it was too much, Harry just survived an attack from Voldemort. In which he found out was that he was supposed to die today, he met a man who was from 200 years in the future, this man helped him and saved him. Not only that, said man was a Malfoy and a descendant of his worst enemy Draco Malfoy… this was too much for Harry that his eyes rolled to the back of his head and he fainted. Thank you for reading this Chapter… Please Review ((And I do mean it)) Long Authors notes: 1.) Hey guys, it's me, I feel bad that I can't continue my hp/tmnt story, I don't have the chapters anymore so I can't update it anymore… and because of that I have been in a slump. Nevertheless, I think I am back and this time with a better story… if you have any questions regarding the plot, come to me and I will answer your questions. 2.) We all know that you shouldn't change the past, but Antoine's doing it for the sake of magic… he isn't doing it because he wanted too. He had to because it was for the best. 3.) I have made a Facebook page… hopefully you will see everything I have been doing… its www. facebook Juliannaspencer21 just remove the space… so if you have a facebook don't hesitate to post there or send me a message juliannaspencer21