Though," and here she furrowed her brow, "I believe that was the last time I saw you." "But that was a good three years ago," Frank pointed out. Suddenly all gazes were on Lily. James didn't understand why she left the magical world apparently three years ago. Everything he had heard led him to believe she was exceptionally bright, and she had plenty of friends. But one look at her face told him there was a good reason for her disappearance, and he wasn't sure he wanted to hear it. "It was in my best interest to return home." Lily's voice was strained, and Alice narrowed her eyes. "That's shite. But what matters is you're here now, and a member of the staff of Hogwarts. How did you manage that?" Lily shrugged. "I'm not actually a Healer. Poppy's just out for a while. But Dumbledore said Slughorn requested I be his replacement, so here I am." James added, "She's in the Order now. Joined last meeting." Alice gasped. "We had to miss that meeting for a mission! I can't believe it!" "Yeah, well, I already tried to escape this war, and it didn't work. And besides, I'm a Muggleborn teacher at Hogwarts. It was a given that I joined eventually." The woman's tone was casual, but it didn't sit right with James. Then he recalled Alice's comment about an attack, and added that to Lily's about failing to avoid the war, and it clicked. "What happened?" he asked abruptly, interrupting whatever the women were saying to each other. Alice sent him a warning look, and Evans didn't turn to face him. Her body went still, but James pressed on. "You said you tried to hide from the war—a war that hadn't quite started yet, mind you, if my numbers are correct—but that it didn't work. And Alice, you mentioned an attack on her home. Were you hurt? Did the Death Eaters get to you?" It took a moment, but Lily replied. "I'm from Cokeworth," she said, and immediately James guessed what she'd say next. "I'm sure you heard about the attack. I was away, at the shops. They killed my parents." The silence in the room was thick and pressing. "So, no, I was not hurt. But, yes, they found my home. I had foolishly thought I'd be safe, but evidently not. So I came back." James didn't know what to say to that. He just sat and stared at the girl in front of him who suddenly seemed much older than he knew her to be. "I'll just finish that cut, Potter, and you'll be free to go." It was clear she was putting an end to that topic of conversation, so he continued to sit quietly. She returned to her earlier position, squatting in front of him with her wand to the base of his neck. Within minutes, she had sealed the gash and he was healed. He was the last to leave the Hospital Wing, trailing behind his friends, and smiled at her in thanks on his way out. She returned it, albeit feebly, and then he left. "Mate, I've got news for you," James said as he entered Sirius' flat. His friend was sprawled on the couch, reading a letter. As soon as James walked up, Sirius set the parchment down and cocked his head. "Do tell, Prongs," he replied. "I could use some gossip. It's been a terribly boring day." Remus walked in, then, fresh out of the shower according to his wet hair. "What's this about gossip?" James settled down on an empty chair and looked at his two friends. "Right. You know Evans?" "The fit new Potions professor?" Sirius asked, sitting up and leaning forward in interest. "That's the one. Well, you know I had that mission today. It didn't go well, and I had to go to Pomfrey to get fixed up—only, it wasn't Pomfrey in the Wing." "I'm assuming it was Lily," Remus said wryly. James gave him a look, but nodded. "So she's brilliant at Potions and Healing," Sirius cut in. "Moony did say she was bright. Is that all?" "Oh, no, Padfoot. Alice and Frank showed up, and apparently she and Alice are old friends. Only, their wedding was the last time she'd seen Evans. Turns out she left the Wizarding world right after, to avoid the war." James sat back in his seat and waited as Sirius took that in. "What's she doing back, then?" "Death Eaters attacked her home. Remember that night in Cokeworth? That's where she's from. Lost her parents because of them." "Fuck," Sirius commented, and Remus looked alarmed. "Yeah. She came out of hiding because of that. Dumbledore offered her the job, and now she's back to fight." "Merlin," said Remus. He paused, deciding how to say his next words, and if he even should. "She was friends with Snape, you know." " Snivellus ?" Sirius asked incredulously. " Evans was friends with Snivellus? Bloody hell!" "Can't imagine they're still friends now," James remarked darkly. "She's not stupid. She had to know he was there that night." The three men fell silent as they remembered the attack in Cokeworth. There was so much destruction that had been caused before they arrived to defend the Muggles, and there were many familiar faces on the opposing side. It wasn't uncommon to recognize Voldemort's supporters, but it only just hit James what it meant that Snape was one of them on that particular night. "Dorcas knew her in school," Sirius said, breaking their reveries. "She might know something, like how Evans could ever have been friends with Snape. I'll go visit her tomorrow and find out what she knows." James nodded resolutely. He wanted to get to the bottom of this, if only to help Lily recover from her parent's deaths. From what he saw, she wasn't coping in a healthy way, and he couldn't have her Healing him if she wasn't even taking care of herself.