her feet and left. She could hear his laughter through the closed door. She smiled to herself as she headed to the library. Once in the library, Hermione strode over to the card catalog to see what she could find on Wilford Crockford/ William Clarke. She could find only one book in the restricted section. The ministry must not have wanted his discovery known. She found the book she was looking for, took back to a table and began to read. There wasn't much more information in this book then the book back in her room. The only thing that it had to add was two points; one that Crockford had lived the rest of his days in the muggle world in unknown locations and his last known place that he was, was his death on April 15, 1912. The book explained that he had died on the Titanic on his way to America. It doesn't say whether he was going to convince the American Ministry about his discovery. Then two one of the members of the Wizengamot that had banished Crockford in the first place was Draco's great grandfather Gaius Malfoy. Along with some other surnames that she recognized: Nash Black, Samuel Potter, and Hamilton Parkinson. After reading through the section for the tenth time she knew, there was only one thing she could do to get the answers Hermione needed; she needed to go back to in time to see him on the Titanic. It was only placed that she knew that she could find him. If she went back earlier and tried to find him in Muggle London, it might not be as easy. She just had to see what he had discovered, what he thought, how he felt, everything. Hermione still had her time-turner that Dumbledore had given her back in her third year. Something had told her not to get rid of it, and now she knew why. It was midnight when she got back to their room Draco was still asleep on the couch. Hermione couldn't help but stare at him; he looked so peaceful while he slept. His blonde hair had fallen on his face it was cute. Hermione always liked it when his hair was slightly messy. Hermione continued to look at him, not sure why she kept doing it but she did, he suddenly began to stir, which made her jump. Hermione leaned in and whispered "Goodnight Draco" before retreating into her room. Hermione rummaged through her things; knowing that she had packed it with her. She had done it every year since she had it. Finally at the bottom of her trunk there it was. She carefully picked it up; she knew the risks, especially going back so far in time. She wouldn't have any magic; she wouldn't be able to use the time-turner herself, so it was crucial to find Crockford. She knew a lot about the Titanic, when she was still in muggle school she had done a report about it. But she did want to be refreshed before she took this journey, so she took out the only books that the school library had on it. She opened her door to see if Draco was still on the couch; he had moved to his room. Draco had fallen back asleep on the sofa after Hermione had left for the library. "Bookworm" he laughed to himself. Much later Draco awoke st the sound of the door opening and closing, still too tired Draco didn't bother opening his eyes. In a moment he could feel that unmistakable feeling of her staring at him. He was accustomed to the sense of being stared at, but it was becoming a common occurrence for her to stare at him. It didn't bother him so he kept still with his eyes shut. After awhile though he had a feeling that if he didn't move, she would've continued to stare at him. So ever so slightly he twitched and rolled onto his side. He could hear her make a small gasp and jump backward. It took every fiber of his being not to smirk at her. He felt her hot breath near his ear "Goodnight Draco." It wasn't until he heard her door shut that he opened his eyes and sat up. His body felt warm, but he was relaxed, he looked at her door and had a real smile; that seemed to be happening a lot lately, but no one knew. He gathered his things and went into his room. The next morning he could hear birds chirping outside "Ugh, I hate mornings." He slowly stretched and planted his feet on the ground. Looking at his clock which read that it was 6:30 "Ah bloody hell! I don't even have classes today why am I even up this early?" he groaned. Knowing that he would be unable to fall back asleep, got up and shuffled to the kitchenette for some coffee. He glanced at Hermione's door; he heard her awake, Draco planned to ask if she wanted coffee as well after he got himself dressed. Fifteen minutes later he exited his room and knocked on her door. There was no answer, but he heard her in there. Not one to be ignored Draco opened the door "Hermione I wanted to know…" he said as he entered. He didn't have the ability to finish his sentence because he was sucked into the spell that Hermione had just cast. Hermione heard him knock but was in the middle of turning the time-turner and didn't want to lose count so ignored him. She hadn't been able to sleep, so she was studying all night; she had just a few more turns to go when Draco opened her door. She heard his voice, but it was too late the spell had started, he was sucked in with her. They went spinning through time surrounded by a bright white light. They soon landed on a hard wooden deck.