her after a while of content silence. "As I told you before, I am not his familiar. A magical creature can only bind itself out of its free will to an master and I have never done that. But he had captured me and never let me out of his sight, so I had no chance of getting away from him, until yesterday," she hissed. "If you want, I can try to help you. I have the same goal as you: I want to be free from him as well," He proposed, but Nagini didn't answer. He supposed that she needed time to think about it. It was never an easy decision to betray Voldemort. Foot steps sounded and Lucius appeared in the doorway. His face was even more a mask like usual and Harry mused, that he was downright pissed off. His long silver-blond hair was still damp and darker than in its dry state, making the man look even paler. "Do you want a hairdryer?" Harry asked and tried to sound friendly. "What is a hairdryer?" the Malfoy patriarch asked in a flat voice. "It is a device, to dry someones hair. It works with warm air," Harry tried to explain. Lucius wrinkled his nose: "I will not risk my hair by using a muggle device," the wizard answered. "Than let's go shopping. Nagini is already hungry and I am as well," Harry rolled his eyes at the expected answer and stood up. He checked his pockets for the keys and the money before motioning to Lucius to follow him. Nagini looked as if she wanted to follow him as well, but he shook his head: "Sorry girl, but you have to wait for us at home. The muggles would only panic, if they saw you. I think even the most wizards and witches would do that." The snake looked disappointed but returned to the living room, where she curled up on the armchair, where Harry had previously sat in. He turned to his guest and eyes his appearance. This wouldn't work. Lucius could not go out like this, he looked to much like a wizard. "Take off your cloak and what are you wearing under this Death Eater-jacket?" Harry commanded and earned himself an offended glare. "What do you want Potter? I will not undress myself in front of you." Harry rolled his eyes: "Don't worry, I would not want you to see you undressed either." This statement seemed to offend the Malfoy patriarch even further: "I can assure you, my body is a pleasant sight, in contrast to the appearance of others." His silver eyes scanned Harrys far too small and scrawny body and he had to fight an embarrassed flush. "I just want to know, what you are wearing underneath. You can not accompany me like this. Everything about you screams wizard," Harry retorted. Lucius lifted one of his elegant eyebrows: "A wizard should not be forced to hide what he is. We are superior to muggles." Harry narrowed his eyes: "Spare me your sick believes about blood purity. I won't hear them. It doesn't matter anyway right now. We could get problems with the ministry and I won't have that, so just do as I told you." "No ministry official would dare to arrest a Malfoy," Lucius retorted. Harry sighed not believing, how thick-headed a man could be: "Do I have to threaten you again?" "You have bad manners, Potter, but I have never expected anything else," Lucius sneered, but finally unclasped his cloak. Lucius was, to Harrys relieve, wearing a crisp white button down shirt underneath his death eater jacket. Only the black silk ribbon he used in stead of an muggle tie looked still a bit odd, but Harry guessed, that the muggles would only think, that Lucius was an eccentric. "That looks better," "A Malfoy looks always perfect and up to the highest standards," Lucius drawled, revulsion shining in his cold eyes. "Yeah, I know, your son has told me often enough," Harry winked him off and started to lead the way out of the house and in the direction to the pavement. When he had reached the little fence, which separated the Dursleys garden from the street, Lucius stopped him: "Potter, what are you doing?" "Going to the grocery store," he answered a bit bewildered. "You do not honestly intend to going there by foot." Lucius drawled. "Of course I do. We can not apparate there and I am still too young to drive a car and we can not use a broom, either," he retorted. "It is undignified for a Malfoy to go anywhere by foot. It should be undignified for every proud wizard, but I imagine, that we can not count you to this group," the man sneered. Harry sneered back. "I am so sorry Lord Malfoy, that I am not up to your standards and but do you know what? It is your own fault, that you are currently stuck with me, you shouldn't have tried to stop me and Professor Snape," he snapped and started to walk in an quicker pace. After a few steps he could feel the blood ritual starting to work, pulling Lucius after him. Harry could her an angry growl, but shortly after, the man was by his side, a murderous expression on his aristocratic face. Harry noticed, that they had drawn a bit of attention. The neighbors were looking out of their windows, or even stood openly in their doorways or gardens and watched them. They had probably tried to hear their argument and Harry could not stop thinking about, what his aunt would have said, if she was still alive. She probably would have fainted or a nervous brake down, from fear that the neighbors could find out that they were housing freaks right now. In a way, her biggest nightmare had just come true. Somehow, that filled him with a childish wave of joy and he started to snicker.