up at the sound of his fireplace flaring. He was surprised to see the messy head of his ex-nemesis. The hair instead of looking lazy-messy looked just-snogged-messy, and his eyes had a wild look in them. "Aren't you a week early Harry?" He wasn't complaining per se, but they had never met up outside their arranged time before. He put aside his work and opened up the floo connection. "I just needed someone to talk to. And a lecture I could really do without." Draco laughed at that, free of the shackles of war and his father the sound came a lot easier than usual now. "I feel honoured to be chosen over Granger. What about the Weasel?" Yes Harry's decision to befriend Draco had not being backed by Hermione and Ron. There was still a lot of animosity between the two parties. They had not took the same mind-set of letting bygones be bygones. "Ron? He'd fucking hit the roof, he can't even cope with the fact I'm gay. He keeps looking at me as if I might molest him at any point. He's not even the best looking of that family!" Again Draco chuckled. He couldn't fault Harry on that comment being as he was straight and didn't find the Weaselette attractive then he really wasn't one to make much of a comment. "So is this about a guy, by the sounds of it?" Harry nodded quickly. "Before I say anymore, are you still comfortable listening to me knowing that it concerns your godfather?" He received an eye roll for his considerations. "So you finally realised you liked him? Took you fucking long enough. Come on then let's hear it." So hear it he did, Harry repeated the whole debacle, from Amortentia to the kiss. Draco just sat there, letting Harry vent all the fear and frustration. And when he finally finished, Draco laughed. "You know you two deserve each other. Severus fire-called mother today, he hated to admit to it, but he was brewing Amortentia today. It's never smelled of anything to him before, but today it smelled like you. Oh that was hilarious to listen to." Well it was until he received a sharp glare from his companion, "Okay maybe it wasn't that funny. But seriously, his impeccable Amortentia smells like you, and he clearly snogged you back. He's just terrified. Seriously, don't leave him there, you'll never get a happy ending that way." Harry nodded, his hand already in the floo pot above Draco's grand fireplace. He had just given his destination when Draco called his name. "Harry. I wish you the best of luck. But that's my godfather, and if you hurt him..." And he didn't need any more warning, he didn't need to hear the graphic details because he could imagine them. And anyway he was back in Snape's chambers. He saw the other man straight away, slumped against the wall looking desolate. He didn't even look up when his fireplace flared. Draco was definitely right about tomorrow being too late to salvage this. Harry joined Severus against the wall. For a few minutes he just sat there whilst he collected his scattered thoughts. "I'm sorry for leaving. I thought I was taking advantage, I thought I was forcing myself on you. A wiser person than me explained that I would only look so... dishevelled if there had being some reciprocation." He didn't look up, but his voice echoed in the room. "And who may this oh so wise person be? Your Know-it-all or maybe the Weasel?" Not that Severus actually believed that was an option. "Do you think I'd be sitting here now if I'd gone to Ron? No, it was Draco. He also told me of a conversation he overheard. Between you and Narcissa. He said that you smelled me in the Amortentia. That's why you looked troubled wasn't it? It was why you were hiding, mass brewing Amortentia? Were you horrified or terrified?" He needed to know, he could work with terrified. But horrified would kill him. "I was terrified. I still am. Logically I knew the potion was correct but... I couldn't do that to you. You're twenty years younger than me for God's sake! And plus I thought I knew it was only one side. And then you come in, make that offhand comment, and swan off like you'd said nothing. And I didn't know what to do. So I ran. I'm relatively good at hiding. And I analysed my feelings, and then I got bladdered because I couldn't cope with what my answer was to my questions." A hope filled Harry. He'd never heard Severus talk so much about his emotions before. "I already knew that I was attracted to you before the Amortentia. But please don't think that I just want you physically Severus. I know I'm probably going to terrify you even more but I need to say this. I love you. I love your sarcasm, and how your so caring and yet try desperately to try and hide it. I love how talented you are at potions, occlumency, duelling and pretty much anything you put your mind to." He had been expecting Severus to run away, or kick his out or anything but what he did do. Harry found himself flat on the floor on his back, Severus hovering over him. Lust and another undefinable emotion. Harry smiled as lips met his, feverish, exploring, tender. Hands were running over his body, rough with callouses from the man's work. After a minute he pulled away, looking down on his young lover. "You should know, I'm still terrified, I will probably try and push you away on occasion, but in my drunken, post Cissa chat I realised that I think I love you. And I want to try this." A small smile was shared, the emotion in his eyes now defined. And then they returned to their kissing. The night melting away without them even noticing.