sorted. "Nervous, Al?" Brielle asked, "If you're okay with me calling you that." "It's okay," Albus told her, "And yeah, I'm quite nervous." "Me too," she gulped. "It'll be quite embarrassing, wont it? Going in front of the whole school." "Yeah…" Albus responded. "Alright now, form a line." Neville had returned. "And follow me." Albus got into line between Rose and Brielle and they all exited the chamber in linear fashion, walking back across the hall and through a pair of large double doors into the Great Hall. Albus stared in awe. The Great Hall was lit by thousands of candles, all floating magically in the air over four vertical long tables which sat the students to each house. The tables were set with glittering golden goblets and plates. At the top of the hall sat a horizontal long table facing the students, which sat all the teachers. Neville lead the first years up and had them form a line facing the students, in front of the teachers. The hundreds of upperclassmen stared up at the first years. Among the students sat pale, translucent figures which must have been ghosts. Albus looked up at the smooth, dark ceiling which was dotted with stars. His Aunt Hermione had told him it had been bewitched to look that way. Albus looked back down and saw Neville set out a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool sat an old raggedy wizards hat. Albus knew it was the Sorting Hat. Albus noticed all the upperclassman were now focused on the Sorting Hat. He looked at it too now. The hat twitched then a rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth and the had began to sing: "Be you short or tall, Large or small; I am the hat That is here to sort you all. I am here to choose your table Where you will be sat, I am the Hogwarts Sorting Hat! If you are academically able, Hardworking, wise and smart, Ravenclaw is where you fit the part. If you are crafty and sly; Always willing to reach for the sky: Slytherin is where your loyalties lie. If you are friendly, loyal and true; Hufflepuff is the place for you. If you are brave And adventure is what you crave: Gryffindor is the home of such a knave. So, put me on and meet your fate. Make haste; don't be late. Take care And begin this adventure if you dare… The entire hall burst into cheer and clapping as the hat finished singing. It strangely bowed before becoming still once more. Albus gulped, he could tell his face was as pale as the ghosts that sat with the students. He felt as if he was going to be sick. Neville then stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment. "When your name is called," he said, "Come sit on the stool and try on the hat to be sorted. Ainsley, Rinslow!" A tall, thin, dark skinned boy with short, tight curled black hair walked up and sat down on the stool. He then pulled the hat on over his head. A minute passed – "GRYFFINDOR!" shouted the hat. The table on the far left cheered and clapped as Rinslow went and sat down with them. "Binswit, Ronaldo!" "RAVENCLAW!" The table second from the left clapped and cheered and wooted as Ronaldo, a quite plump and short boy, joined them. "Brentworth, Barry!" "GRYFFINDOR!" the hat shouted once more, and Barry ran off to take a seat next to Rinslow. "Carly, Jessica" became the first Hufflepuff out of the lot of first years and "Cornswick, Jennifer" became the first Slytherin then "Cronshred, Avery" had become the third Gryffindor of the night. After him was "Crows, Kevin" A short, thin, strawberry blonde-haired boy who went to Hufflepuff. The Hufflepuff looked like a quite cheerful lot, with their ghost who Albus was told was called the Fat Friar. Albus was sickly nervous and was sort of panicking. He was worried that if he was sorted into Slytherin his family would hate him. But then he thought about was Brielle had said about Slytherin, and that somewhat calmed his anxiety. Albus had zoned out and Neville was a little farther down the list. "Gallagher, Jaime!" Up came a fair skinned boy with shoulder length mahogany colored hair. "SLYTHERIN!" It still would be quite a bit before it was Albus' turn, so he zoned out once more. "Jensen, Brielle!" Brielle shyly walked up to the stool and pulled the hat onto her head and after five or so minutes it shouted, "SLYHTERIN!" She scurried off to the table full of Slytherins. "Lester, Thonte!" A tall black boy who sort of built came up and tried on the hat. "SLYTHERIN!" Neville went through two more 'L' surnames before calling out, "Malfoy, Scorpius!" The boy with grey eyes, slicked back blonde hair and a somewhat pointed nose from earlier had went up and when the hat was set on his head it immediately shouted, "SLYTHERIN!" He joined the table second from the right, and was greeted by his fellow Slytherins. Neville went through more surnames. "McHungman… Midelstam… Mimfree… Noraminther… Pinsh… Pitnick… Poe…" then finally. "Potter, Albus!" The hall was silent besides a few murmurs and James yelling, "That's my brother!" Albus picked up the hat, sit down on the stool, and pulled the hat on over his eyes. It spoke as if it was in his head, "Another Potter, ay… Hmm not exactly like your brother no, more life your father. Difficult, very difficult. Wise yes but not too bright, you're definitely loyal and brave hm… but it seems you're quite ambitious yes. You will fight for what you want, but from what I can gather you're under the assumption that you can choose your house which is very true… so what will it be?" " Just… pick what's best. " Albus thought. "Okay then…" the hat dragged out. "It'll be… SLYTHERIN!"