things happen to wizards who meddle with time ." she sighed, "I know what you're thinking Remus, but what George said was a joke . We can't go more than five hours back with a time-turner. The consequences are too numerous. Besides, all the time-turners were destroyed when we went to the Ministry in our fifth year. He didn't say much after her speech. For almost a year, they didn't even mention time-travel. But then, one night, while the camp slept, their wards fell. chaos spread like wildfire. Death Eaters had managed to break their protective spells. She had been sound asleep when she heard the sudden piercing scream. Draco was next to her shaking her shoulder, "Hermione, wake up! we're under attack!" It was a mess. They hadn't been expecting it. They were totally unprepared. Amidst the flashes of light, out of the corner of her eye she saw them; children, teenagers, Order members dying as others apparatus to safety. Her heart broke into a thousand pieces again, when, amidst the noise, she heard Draco's desperate cries. Throwing an Avada at her opponent and connecting, Hermione turned to see Draco hunched over the lifeless body of his mother, Narcissa. Using a quick accio for her purse, she ran towards Draco grabbing one of his hands, and one of his mother's before apparating away to their agreed upon meeting place. Many people died in the sneak attack. Mr. Weasley, Tonks, and Susan Bones were among the dead. She spent that night comforting Draco and Lucius, who had accept her relationship with Draco surprisingly well. After that, the time travel idea was officially part of the Orders plans. Their numbers had been steadily falling, and all their attempts to thwart Voldemort were failing. They were at a complete disadvantage, hungry and now without any hope. For months Remus, Aberforth, Draco, Kingsley, Bill and Hermione sat down to discuss ancient runes and arithmancy to produce something that could send someone back in time. `The farther back in time, the better. They needed a ritual to send someone to a time before Voldemort had secured his reign of terror, and thereby save as many innocent lives as possible. There were two long years of searching and preparing the plan, until they finally managed a spell that would send someone back to a time somewhere between 1960 and 1970. With a specific set of runes placed in order around a circle, the ritual consisted of a series sacrifices of magic, that were willingly given through love that together would hopefully be able to send a person chosen by the ritual itself. " Only the bravest heart persists." Hermione had found the passage in "The Diary of Godric Gryffindor". This was the base they had chosen by which to accomplish their task. Only someone who had wit, determination and courage enough to complete the task would be chosen to return to the past. They weren't sure how it the trip would be. It was all rather vague. Runes weren't used to write out complete sentences after all. They just gave you the general idea. Because of this, what would happen to the traveler was a complete mystery. For them, it only really mattered that the trip would be successful. Voldemort would probably try to build a similar ritual. With the runes and different calculations, it might be possible. But the shared sacrifice was an unchangeable part of the ritual. It was necessary to the extremely powerful spell, and no one person had a strong enough magical core to make it work as it should. Not even Merlin himself. Roughly fifteen magical cores would need to be sacrificed. Hermione doubted that any wizard or witch loved Voldemort enough to give up their magic completely. May 2, 2008, exactly ten years after that final battle, the remaining members of the Order were positioned around the circle ready to start the ritual. "Granger, are you ready?" Aberforth asked. "Yes". she had replied. They wasted no time in getting started. They were all in position. Their cores would be exahausted, someone would be chosen during the process and then would cease to exist. Hold the bloodied hands of Draco and Ron, Hermione too a deep breath before starting to sing along with the others. The blood fell on the circle line and everything around her began to feel electrified. The hairs on her neck prickled as she felt the magic around her. She was only vaguely aware of others watching the ritual. Her modesty had been lost a long time ago. Privacy was not a luxury to be enjoyed in a make-shift camp. Her bare skin under the cold night air felt pleasantly warm considering the weather. The song became higher, her fingers began to hurt and it seemed as if her body was being drained. Her blood now flowed freely as small cracks opened under her skin. The pain was excruciating and she just wanted it to end. She knew however, that she couldn't give up. She couldn't let the pain control her body. Straightening her spine she glanced up at Ginny and found a last bit of reserved energy and began to sing louder. She saw Remus bowing as the blood streamed out of his nostrils, and she watched as George grew paler. Dean Thomas' eyes grew redder, and she thought they would soon melt out of his skull. Hermione was only vaguely aware of what was happening, when suddenly the most unimaginable pain exploded inside her body. The song became cries of anguish as everyone felt their magic leave their systems. Suddenly everything was silent and Hermione lost consciousness. Note: So, that was my first chapter. As I said, English is not first language so if there are any errors – I know that it has – please, tell me! Btw, what you thought about the first chapter? I am at the middle of the second chapter and I'm going to update every Sunday! Thank you!