we broke up I owled Ginny but she sent it back unopened. When I tried Harry I just didn't get a reply at all." Pansy shifted so she was facing Hermione, "What are you going to do? Go and see them?" Hermione shook her head, "No. I've tried to talk to them. It's on them now. If they want to talk they can come to me." Pansy grinned. She had hoped Hermione would say something like that. She couldn't spend her whole life waiting for Potter and the Weasel. "That's good. You shouldn't have to wait for them to get over themselves." Hermione nodded, grasping Pansy's hand in her own, entwining their fingers, "I'd like to thank you, actually." Pansy looked up from their hands; Hermione's was so warm in her own, "Why's that?" "Without becoming friends with you, I would probably still be pining over them." Pansy glanced up at the sky briefly as their fireworks began to go off. Looking back at Hermione, Pansy was drawn in by her eyes reflecting the crimson fireworks, "Is that all we are?" she whispered, barely audible, "just friends?" Hermione shook her head, squeezing Pansy's hand in her own, "We could be more, if you wanted…" Pansy looked at Hermione, her gaze briefly dropping to the other girl's lips before returning to her eyes, "I'd like that." Pansy leaned forward, pressing a light kiss to Hermione's lips before pulling back. Hermione pouted at her, her eyes sparkling, "Where's your Gryffindor courage, Granger?" Hermione laughed and lunged forward, capturing Pansy in a passionate kiss. Pansy's hands tangled themselves in soft brown curls as she got lost in the feeling of Hermione. Pulling away, Pansy saw Hermione smirking at her, "How's that for courage?" Giggling, Pansy kissed Hermione's nose, "You look so beautiful." Hermione blushed at Pansy's honest tone, "You're beautiful, too." Pansy smiled, pressing a kiss to Hermione's cheek. The Gryffindor shifted so she was sat next to Pansy, resting her head on the taller girl's shoulder. Watching the remaining few fireworks, Hermione played with Pansy's fingers absent-mindedly, "Where do we go from here?" Hermione's question somewhat surprised Pansy. Threading their fingers together, the Slytherin kissed the top of Hermione's head, "Well…I was thinking I could take yout out on a date and we just see where this goes?" Hermione nodded, "When would we go? All our friends come back in two days and I don't really want to go to Hogsmeade surrounded by everyone." Pansy nodded, "I agree. I'd rather go somewhere more private, maybe we can go somewhere next weekend? I know a good place to go." "That sounds great. What should I wear?" Pansy hummed in thought, "It's smart casual so not jeans. You can wear wizard or Muggle but if you go Muggle I'd recommend a dress." Hermione's mind was already racing with ideas of what to wear, "Okay, I think I know what I'm going to wear." Pansy smirked, although Hermione couldn't see it, "Oh yeah? What's that?" "It's a surprise. But I will tell you that it's green." Pansy felt herself blush. She hadn't been lying when she told Hermione that green suited her. "I look forward to it." Pansy draped her arm over Hermione's shoulders, content to just sit and stargaze with the other girl. Five months later and Hermione and her girlfriend were sat in the Great Hall, waiting for the end of year announcements from McGonagall. They were sat side by side at the Gryffindor table because, although the remaining Slytherins had accepted their relationship, they were still rather stiff and closed off around Hermione, "I know we talked about apparating back to London but I'm really glad we're taking the Express one last time." Pansy glanced at her girlfriend, "Yeah, I think it's going to be nice to just sit with all our friends, after all, we'll never do it again." Hermione nodded. Some of her best memories were of journeys on the Hogwarts Express, like the time she and Luna had braided each other's hair in her second year because Harry and Ron weren't on the train, and when Seamus had burnt off his, and Dean's, eyebrows during a game of Exploding Snap on the way home from fifth year. And this time, she would get to travel with her girlfriend as well. They had been official for almost four months now and she couldn't be happier, as cliché as that sounded. Neither had thought it a good idea to celebrate Valentine's Day after being together for little more than a month but Pansy had put together a romantic dinner for March 1st, two months after their first kiss, when she officially asked Hermione to be her girlfriend. That remained one of Hermione's favourite nights as that night had also been their first time together. Hermione glanced up and down the table, thinking how much she would miss everything, when her eyes landed on Ginny. She had not spoken to the girl in almost a year, despite sharing a common room, but she found herself feeling indifferent. She also wasn't bothered by the fact that Harry and Ron hadn't reached out to her. She knew she probably should've been; they had been friends for seven years, but she was so happy with Pansy that she just couldn't bring herself to care. She was jolted out of her thoughts by Pansy gently nudging her shoulder, "What?" Pansy nodded her head towards the teacher's table, "McGonagall's about to speak." Hermione's eyes flicked towards the Headmistress, seeing that she had indeed finished eating. Her eyes dropped to her girlfriend, studying the lone Slytherin at their table. Hermione still found it hard to believe that she had a girlfriend as wonderful as Pansy, she was so lucky. She kissed Pansy's cheek gently, waiting for her to turn around, "You know, I'm so glad you asked to sit at my table that day." Pansy smiled softly at her girlfriend, "Me too, 'Mione." Please leave a review :)