David sighed. "I should have, you're right. It slipped my mind." Rabbi Yochanon cleared his throat. "David, you need sleep. I will take care of your family." David bowed and left the room. "We have been working without pause since the edict," the rabbi said, without judgement but with some urgency. "There are many, many Jewish sorcerers who have hid themselves out of fear, and we have been trying to find them all, to give them ways to escape without conversion. And we have," he looked directly at Judah, "we have been teaching those who will not leave how to pass as Christian. How to fake it so the Inquisition will not catch them." Judah felt himself flush. "Is that not one of the exceptions of pikuach nefesh? To commit idolatry, to worship another god?" Rabbi Yochanon shrugged helplessly. "Perhaps it is. Perhaps at the end of this life, HaShem will judge me for it. I will tell him then, I acted only out of a wish to save lives. I think in this day, it is better for us to worship in secret than not to worship at all." For a moment, Judah could only stare at him. Of course he had heard of rabbis telling their congregation to convert rather than leave. Yet in Valencia, his own rabbi had spoken strongly against conversion, false or true. "Rabbi—" The rabbi raised a hand, eyes sad. "There is nothing you can say to me I do not already say to myself every night. Only…it is easier, now that I am acting, to sleep." Judah sighed and said, "A good idea for us all, I think." Whether he cared for Rabbi Yochanon's behaviour or not, the rabbi had helped save them. That was worth being polite. "Indeed." Rabbi Yochanon paused and looked at Shoshanna. "Your brother is very brave. But I must warn you, you are more like to find a new home than he is." Shoshanna went stiff, and Judah stood to take her hand. "What do you mean?" "I mean that tomorrow and the day after we will be traveling to every town in Spain to save who we can. If we are caught, if we grow too tired to escape…" His face and voice were both solid and firm. "I have no doubt we will join the Ten Martyrs. We can only hope to approach their examples." Shoshanna flinched. "HaShem could ask no more." She held Judah's hand tight. "Thank you for taking us in, and thank you for teaching David. I can ask no more." Rabbi Yochanon smiled faintly. "What else could I have done? Stood back and watched? That is not in our nature." He took in a deep breath. "Now. Go, sleep. Tomorrow will be busy." Judah watched him for a long moment, and then bowed. "I, also, thank you. There are few who would do what you are doing." "That," Rabbi Yochanon said, "I am all too aware of." Judah could only guess at how many of these sorcerer rabbis had turned their backs on their people in fear. With another respectful nod, he led Shoshanna down the hall to a bedroom. They collapsed into bed together, not worrying overly much about their belongings. Rabbi Yochanon or David would take care of them. Curled up against him, Shoshanna whispered, "I should have told you." Already blinking sleepily, Judah had to think about what she was referencing. "The magic? Perhaps. It's done now. Tomorrow you can tell me the whys and wherefores." She moved closer. "You're not angry?" "No," he said immediately, and then slower, "no. Confused and sad. We've been married three years, I thought there would be trust from that. But angry? Not when you've given us the chance to be safe and whole." "Good," Shoshanna said, and they both settled in to sleep. Tomorrow would be the docks and the ships bound for a new land of freedom and, Judah was sure, magic. Tonight, they slept. A/N: Translations and context: 5 th of Av, 5252: The date in the Hebrew calendar. The 9 th of Av (Tisha b'Av) is a day of mourning as it was the day when both the First and the Second Temples were destroyed, as well as a number of other disasters for the Jewish people. The Edict of Expulsion: Also known as the Alhambra Decree, this was issued by Ferdinand of Aragon and Isabella of Castile on March 31, 1492. It gave the Jews of Spain until July 31 st to leave the country or convert to Christianity. Auto-da-fé: The process of the Inquisition issuing penance and punishment to condemned heretics (particularly Jewish converts to Christianity) followed by the secular government carrying out the punishment. While burning at the stake was not the only or the most common penance, it was the most emblematic of the whole procedure. HaShem: Hebrew for "the name". Used in speech to avoid saying one of the names of God. Shidduch: In Judaism, the process of matchmaking. Sepharad: The Hebrew word for Spain, from which Sephardic and Sephardim are derived. Goyim: plural (singular goy) Hebrew word for non-Jews. Shemot 22:17: The same verse as Christian Exodus 22:18 (the system of numbering verses differs slightly in the Torah vs the Old Testament) which reads, per the King James Version, "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live." Pikuach nefesh: In Jewish law, the principle that the preservation of human life overrides all other religious obligations but two: murder and sacrilege/idolatry. Almost since the beginning, there has been debate over whether a false conversion to save your life constitutes idolatry. The Ten Martyrs: Ten ancient rabbis executed by the Romans for their practice of Judaism. They are commemorated every year on Yom Kippur. Most of the background information comes from Dogs of God: Columbus, the Inquisition, and the Defeat of the Moors by James Reston, and the relevant chapters in The Story of the Jews: Finding the Words 1000 BC-1492 AD by Simon Schama.