do. Or...You can kill it. It is just a baby after all. Unborn and unblemished by this broken world. You could wait for its birth and take it away from its mother. An orphan for an orphan. Oh! What delicious irony!" He said laughing out loud. "But you wont do that Harry. You know what its like to grow up without a mother dont you? How dark and sadistic that could make a child." He said staring directly into Harry's eyes. "Shut the hell up! You dont know a damn thing about me." he stood there for a while before speaking. "We accept those terms." He held out his hand and the clasped it. His grip was strong and his hands were as cold as ice. "So mote it be." Said the man as he held out a hand to Ron. Ron gave Harry a disapproving look before grabbing the man's hand who immediately pulled him closer and whispered in his ear. Ron's eyes bulged before the man said, "So mote it be. "You need not fret over Aurora's travel arrangements, it is handled and she is already in transit. I expect your auror team will be awaiting us out front so we should get moving." He placed his arms behind his back as Ron placed the magical restraints on his arms. "What's the rush Doc?" Said Ron pushing the man roughly out the door. "Dont you have forever?" He smiled toothily at Ron, "For you Ronald. I have eternity." "You will find an opening behind the counter. Take the stairs down and follow the smell of blood. You cant miss it." Harry watched as three heavily shrouded Unspeakables glided into the bakery to do...whatever it was they did. Another three had already taken the smiling alchemist away but not without him leaving Harry with parting words about them seeing each other soon. And the disturbing part about telling James hello for him. Could he really have been Nicolas' teacher? He knew entirely too much for most of it to be a lie and the book almost confirmed it. Damn it he had forgotten to grab it! He now wondered how much his teacher had actually kept from him. Dumbledore included. But then again did Dumbledore even know he had a son? The man had not been as omniscient as Harry had once thought as a teenager. The Dumbledores were an Ancient & Noble house and their seats in Wizengamot had been empty since old Abe had died so really there was no one to look into it. He gazed around and found Ron talking to the press or rather yelling at them. They had been dealing with a leak in the department who was tipping off the media whenever aurors were called to crime scenes. Which led him to the scowling face of his Department Head, Robbie Dunham. He was not a man to be trifled with and reminded him of a lot of a saner Alastor Moody. At the best of times he would be considered ornary. "Potter get your arse over here!" Yelled the man where his assistant was nervously standing behind him. Harry jogged over to man before rendering a quick salute. "At ease Potter. Walk with me." Harry relaxed and fell into step with the man. The two had a great working relationship, though he was equally hard on everyone. Right now it seemed this would be a hard moment. "You are a great auror Potter. You know the rules, and bend them right up until they break." Said the large man. "Thank you sir." "You have even made Weasley grow on me. He has a brilliant mind for deduction and an even bigger appetite." "Thank you sir." "So tell me why Harry" Uh oh, first names were always bad. "You and Weasley are determined to put me in a early grave. Everything you touch turns to shit and then a media circus, and then shit again! This is Liverpool all over again!" "In my defense sir, we were just trying to watch the match and those Chelsea wankers-" "Potter" he said warningly. His voice a low growl. "Sorry sir." "Im sure you know I am planning to retire very soon." he said giving Harry a shrewd look. "I have heard the rumours sir." "Well I plan on leaving it in your hands Harry. Kingsley agrees, this is the natural progression for you. Weasley will be your Deputy Director. " said the man who had now stopped walking. "I dont want to be known as the Head who allowed Potter and Weasley to destroy the department. Am I understood?" "Loud and clear sir. Thank you sir" "Excellent. Now figure who that god damned leak is!" "I'm on it sir!" San Mateo Community Hospital, California, USA "Wahhhhhhhh wahhhhh" The doctor snipped the umbilical cord before looking on at the scene in front of him. Twenty five years and delivering children never got old to him. The nurse passed the woman her newborn son and she held him as if he would break from the slightest touch. Sweat was causing her hair to mat to her forehead but her smile lit up the room. She had arrived on thirty minutes before pleading for help outside the emergency room and he had done the procedure immediately. Luckilty time had been on her side. "Congratulations, he is a handsome boy." Said the Doctor from her bedside." What will you name him. The woman turned from her baby for the first time, eyeing the Doctors name tag. Michael Connor MD. A good strong name. Her son would need a strong name as well. She spoke and her voice was soft as her gaze returned to her son. She had fallen in love with him as soon as he opened those brilliant blue eyes. She could have sworn they twinkled but it must have been the light. She would protect the boy with her life "Connor. His name will be Connor."