I should leave before she tries to suck me into it." "He is right Hermione, as much as I do enjoy seeing you again I did come here with a purpose." "Well I'm going to the lab; let me know if you need me." Severus went to stand but Hermione was faster and sat on his lap so he couldn't leave without her. "Explain please." Hermione asked. "I am, as of now, retiring. Unfortunately the ministry won't let me until I have found myself a suitable replacement. Filius is in the same boat as me, as well as our current potions master." "I told you she was going to suck us into her plans and agenda. Charms is you, potions is us both... she definitely wants something." Severus narrowed his eyes and McGonagall chuckled. "I do want something. I want you two to come back to Hogwarts." "Excuse me?" they chorused. "I want Hermione to take over as charms professor and teach years one to four in potions. I want Severus to teach year's five to seven in potions and take over as headmaster." She told them like she was talking about the weather. "What!" "Oh Severus don't look so surprised, you were a wonderful professor and it's not that much work, I taught Transfiguration until now on top of my duties as headmistress. And Hermione you would make a wonderful professor and you could teach however you want as Severus will be your boss and he can't say no to you. Plus you will be the youngest professor at the moment and Severus the youngest Headmaster in the last century. So will you do it? You don't need to hire anyone for this coming year as I've already taken care of that and you two were my last stop." "Well, I do miss Hogwarts... maybe it wouldn't be terrible to go back and teach. Well, now that I can teach however I like." "Not however you would like, I would have to approve it and you wouldn't leave me here unless I agreed to come with you." "You will; it's a great opportunity and would be great for us. You don't have to stay as headmaster until you retire, just for a year, just for now. Minerva is getting old and shouldn't push herself to much; she might keel over during dinner one day and scar many a student for life." Hermione smirked, McGonagall looked mildly insulted but Severus laughed and finally agreed. "Fine, but later I want to know the exact reason why you are so interested in this job." "Oh this is great, here you two are." She produced two contracts and they both signed. The three continued to talk for another few hours before Minerva left to file some paperwork involving her retirement and their new jobs. "So why so insistent about going back to London, I know it's not for the job seeing as you once told me you didn't want to teach." Severus asked her the next morning over breakfast. "Teaching is a safe profession; safer than creating and working on experimental potions anyways." "Why does that matter all of a sudden? It never bothered you before." "Well... you know how some potion fumes can be toxic for expecting mothers?" "Yes, but what does that have to... do with... anything? You're not... are you?" "Well I might be giving you a very time consuming birthday present..." "You're pregnant?" "Yup, due early January according to my calculations, you're not mad are you?" "Mad? Of course not! So you're what, one month along?" "Yeah, I wasn't going to tell you until next month, but I guess now's as good a time as any." "So that's why you want to move back?" "That and I would like my child to go to Hogwarts when they turn eleven." "Sounds like a plan..." "Sev, are you sure you're okay?" "Yup..." "Sev?" he didn't answer "Severus?" again no answer "Sevster?" he didn't answer so she went for the kill. "Susan?" "I thought I told you to never call me Sevster or Susan." "But you love me and can't deny me anything because I'm pregnant with your child and you are now forever in my debt." "So now would be a bad time to tell you that I promised my first born to the devil huh?" "A little, I can convince him he got confused and that it wasn't you that promised the baby but your evil twin brother, Sevster." "I have no doubts you could Hermione. You could convince a nun that the Devil was better than God." "Challenge accepted." "That wasn't a challenge. Don't actually try that." "Too late I have a plan." "Hermione!" "Yes Susan?" Severus and Hermione got married two weeks later before going back to Hogwarts. Hermione had a beautiful baby boy on January 5th, only three days before her husband's birthday, and they named him Jeremiah Sylvester Snape because Severus wouldn't let Hermione have his middle name be Sevster and it was the closest thing to it she could convince him of. Two years later they had a baby girl named Julia Hermes Snape after Hermione's most hated nickname. Jeremiah was sorted into Ravenclaw and Julia followed two years later. They completed their schooling under the watchful eyes of Headmaster Snape and Professor Snape. Julia apprenticed under Neville in Herbology and Jeremiah under Professor Vector. Severus Snape remained Headmaster for 13 years after his daughter graduated and Hermione retired before he did. They died within two weeks of each other at the ages of 168 and 138 only survived by their two children, 5 grandchildren, and 15 great grandchildren. They had happy and long lives and Severus eventually gave up and let Hermione call him The Sevster. Hermione finally got her wish and was able to travel through time and dimensions in the paintings of Hogwarts, dragging her very annoyed husband behind her and making friends with every portrait, whether they were willing or not.