Hermione intoned nervously. "So... you ready to do this?" The duo were standing just outside the wards of the Burrow. There was no doubt that some of the family would receive the news badly, but Charlie was forever optimistic about things. Hermione was just plain nervous. They'd come later than they had planned due to Hermione sleeping and being in too much pain to apparate. They'd arrived just in time for dinner. Charlie grabbed her hand and walked them to the tilted house while Hermione leaned heavily on him. Her walking wasn't in the best form at the moment due to her injuries and the pain was shocking through her system. Her cane was in the bag but she refused to use it for the time being. When they reached the door, Charlie knocked and they heard the noise from inside stop instantly. Molly opened the door and gasped at seeing her second oldest son. She hadn't seen Hermione yet. "Oh, Charlie, both you and Bill visiting at the same time! Did you two plan this or something?" "Yeah, we did in a way. Bill was pestering me to meet the girl I'm seeing and when I mentioned bringing her today I guess he decided to come to meet her." "A girl?!" Molly seemed ecstatic and Charlie could see all the others in the room snickering or looking on curiously. "Where is she?" "Behind me. I'm afraid that she was injured recently and we both got some time off because of it. She works at the reserve with me. We were planning on coming around 9am but she was in a bit too much pain when she woke up." "Are you telling me you already live with her?" "Yes..." "Are you married yet? So help me if you are and didn't tell me, but you know better than to live with a girl out of wedlock." "You know we can all do math right? We know you were pregnant with Bill before you got married." "Just get in here so I can meet this lady." Molly took her seat at the table again and everyone watched on as Charlie turned around to collect his girlfriend. Looking at Hermione he gave her a grin and offered her his hand. She took it and leaned heavily on him. They entered the room to the sound of many gasps, none of them from the girl in immense pain. There were two seats open between Bill and Percy. Charlie led Hermione into the room and carefully helped her sit beside Bill as he was the only one with a massive smile on his face, and he took the seat beside Percy and her. "HER!" Ron exploded, his face was almost as red as his hair and Molly and Ginny were quickly growing matching expressions. "Hey Percy, this means you owe me 5 gallons!" Bill exclaimed as Percy gave Charlie a murderous glare. "You couldn't have waited another week could you? He would've owed me triple that!" "You two knew?" Hermione asked in shock. "I saw the paperwork for the job promotion to full time when I was at their ministry for work. I commented on it to Bill and he asked me how long I thought it would take for the two of you to get together... it may have snowballed from there." Percy explained as he passed the gallons to his older brother. "Yeah, then when Charlie said he was seeing someone we bet again only for how long it would take Charlie to tell us who." Bill finished. "Huh..." Charlie stated "What's the next bet?" "Well we can't do when they will move in together, how about when he finally proposes?" Bill asked with a mischievous glint in his eyes. "Wait, what? Who said anything about marriage?" Charlie spluttered "You're on. I'm going to say 5 sickles for two months from now." Percy stated. "Interesting play... same amount, but for three months from now, just because of Charlie's expression." "Do I get to join?" Hermione asked meekly, the two brothers nodded and she smirked. "I say one month from now we will be engaged. I bet you 3 gallons." "Do you know something I don't?" Charlie asked her with a smirk "Yes, I know a lot of things you don't. Anything you want to know in particular?" "What makes you think I will ask that soon?" "Well, your reaction did give off a vibe of fear, but your current reaction states that it was more towards the wording and not the actual act. You thought they ruined the surprise, which I guess they did, but you know I don't like surprises that much anymore. Even less so now since Marlin had his way with me the other day, temperamental little douche bag." "Well, I guess that means I get to decide who will win this bet." "Let me win and I will buy you something shiny, or maybe you can put it in your savings for the pygmy dragons you want, which I am all for by the way." Charlie smirked and whispered something in Hermione's ear, everyone at the table was stunned by the two's casual conversation and ease with one another. "I'm changing my bet; I think it will be in the space of the next few days." Hermione commented. "Yeah, okay, like that will happen." Bill stated, Charlie smirked at the three betters as they shook hands before the four started to eat while everyone slowly got over their shock. Ron, Molly, and Ginny were all pissed, but they knew better than to say anything in fear of driving Charlie off since it was obviously too late to change his mind if the self proclaimed bachelor for life was thinking about marriage. And so they finished dinner and four days later Hermione and Charlie announced their engagement and received 10 gallons from the two other betters, which did indeed go to the purchase of two darling little pygmy dragons.