head, pausing, "oh, well, open the wine?" "Sure," Harry took his time to do just that. Focusing on the bottle and unscrewing the cork, while Draco pulled something from the oven, "do you cook all the time?" "You mean out of Astoria and myself?" Harry nodded, though the other wasn't looking but he didn't want to say it. "Yeah, pretty much. I always did." Draco glanced over, "she was sick a lot so if she ate it was generally soup. Not too often did she have a full meal or at least what I would call a full meal. It was my job to take care of her and my son." "Oh," Harry met his eyes, frowning slightly when they did, "I should have called." Draco lifted a shoulder, "should you have, though?" "I think I should have." "But, you didn't." "Well..." They heard the boys in the other room, the dining room, and they both fell quiet when they peeked in. "Need help, Draco?" Albus asked, and Harry noticed he and Scorpius were so close their arms were touching and then Scorpius snaked an arm around his shoulders and rested his cheek against him. "No, Potter and I have this handled." He answered, smiling at the two, "Scorpius told me you and him plan on studying medicine?" "Ah, Scorp is amazing at Chemistry. I'm shit at it." "Language," Harry said immediately, giving his son a hard look and a head shake. Who rolled his eyes in response, "fine, I'm terrible at it." "You're not!" Scorpius fussed suddenly, "you just need encouragement, don't I offer you some?" "Well," Albus shrugged, "you're far better than I am." Draco smiled softly, shaking his head, "Albus I am sure you are plenty fine," he said quietly, "anyway, from what I remember you have quite the knack for literature? You don't have to study at the same finishing school as Scorpius, right Potter?" "Of course not," Harry smiled, "you can do whatever you want, Al." He watched his son nod and then Scorpius smiled widely at him. "And you don't have to decide right yet, either, you have a whole other year." "Yeah?" Albus said suddenly, his smile growing, "nothing to stress about, maybe I'll become a prodigy overnight." "I doubt that," Scorpius said softly, still holding the boy next to him, "but I can double my lessons!" Albus smirked at the boy, "maybe it'd help if we actually studied..." Scoprius blushed and dropped his arms, giving the other man a wide-eyed look. Both parents shared a look as well, Draco speaking up this time, "what does that mean, boys?" He asked, holding the hot plate in his hand, "dinner is ready." He added while leading the two to the other room. "We just do a lot more, uh..." Albus shrugged into his seat, then looked at Scorpius, "we might as well tell them." Scorpius was a ball of nerves as his eyes darted from Harry to Draco and then to Albus again. "Tell us what?" Harry asked from his seat, next to Draco across from the boys. "I don't want to fight," Scorpius said softly, "it's Christmas." "Well," Draco started, "is it illegal?" "No," Albus was laughing now, and he sat up straight, "Scorpius and I decided we wanted to date." Harry and Draco didn't look at each other, no matter the amount they wanted to, instead they kept their eyes straight ahead and Harry nodded, "I figured." "Yeah," Draco smiled at the two, and gave his own son a rather soft look, "you should have told me, Scorpius, but I am happy for you two." Albus grinned, "I told you they wouldn't care!" He said absolutely ecstatic and gave the blushing blonde boy next to him a small kiss, "my father's gay." He said quietly, "right, Dad?" "Yep," Harry cleared his throat and let out a soft breath, "so, go-good for you two." "Thanks!" Albus reached for something on the table, making his plate while Draco was getting his own as well, leaving Scorpius and Harry in silence as neither grabbed for food that was until Draco nudged Harry and offered him a plate. "Thank you, Malfoy," he said quietly, coming out of his shock. Their eyes met and they both shared a long look, one that seemed to confirm all of Harry's thoughts. A look that really made the two of them quiet. A look that was full of emotion and emptiness when not even three months ago they had finally felt the completeness they were both searching for in each other. Draco was lost, and even more so now. How could he pursue something with Harry Potter while his own son was dating his son. How could that be a thing? How could he sit here next to the man, wanting nothing more than to yell and scream at him for not even calling? It was wrong, it was perverse, it was... It felt right, Harry and himself but it was something he could never have. He was looking at Harry as if he were a replacement to Astoria. He knew that, he felt that but damn did he need something. He needed quite literally anything the man could offer to make the pain go away. The sleepless nights bearable. He just needed Harry and he didn't even understand why. Harry Potter with his dark, soft hair and bright green eyes and the way he smelled so soft and comforting... Draco turned two wide, tired eyes to the man beside him and let out a quiet breath. The look passed between the two slowly, Harry taking the dish from Draco and their fingers brushed. Then Draco turned away, and Harry looked down at his empty plate holding the dish in his hand. Draco sighed softly, shutting his eyes for just a moment to collect himself and the only thought he had was the same he thought all those months ago during a shot of weakness. I wish I'd never called.