and 3:30." Draco chuckled, "well, touche." He opened the card, shocked to see it said more than the others, Happy Birthday Draco! Predictability isn't a bad thing, it means you're reliable. He couldn't help but smile and tucked the card into his pocket, he only a had a few more hours and a few more hours meant the day was almost over. Taking his time to enjoy his coffee and no one handing him cards saying, "Happy birthday Draco!" he relaxed in the middle of the food court, before being called on to a case which was the rest of his day. Pretty uneventful just a few minor cases he went on with Ron and after their third case it was time to go. "I'm gonna take a shower," Draco told Ron as he passed by the Auror changing room, "then I'll meet you all." "Alright," Ron nodded, "I'll let them know, don't be too long." "I'll try," he smirked and hurried in. It would have been an understatement to say he was shocked to find card 34 tucked into his shower caddie when he reached for his shampoo. He opened it with wet fingers and read, Happy Birthday Draco! I know you too well. Laughing quietly he put it back in the shower caddie and finished up, while changing he found card 35 tucked into change of clothing that was in his locker. I'll kiss whoever is doing this, he thought suddenly when he pulled it open. He had no idea anyone could know him so well, he had no idea someone like that existed. At least for him, and it made his heart flutter at the thought of it. He meant it, when he thought that, he realized as he read card 35, Happy Birthday Draco! Hurry now, we're waiting. He changed and did just that, hurried, not even bothering to finish drying his hair before he walked through the Ministry to get outside so he could apparate to the restaurant they would be dinning at. No one was waiting for him, which he found was intended because the hostess had a card for him as well. 36 dancing candles on top of the cake almost filling it, save the one at the very top. "Mr. Malfoy, I presume?" She asked with a raised eyebrow when he approached. "Yes." "Happy birthday, Mr. Malfoy, they're waiting," she added once she passed him the card and he followed not opening it to read it because he didn't want to keep them waiting any longer. He was escorted to the back of the place, to a room that he soon would find housed many more guest then he had thought. Friends he had made from Durmstrang and Beauxbatons, the ones he had kept in contact with and some of his friends he had studied potions with in France before he decided to become an Auror. And all of his friends from the Ministry. They were all there, smiling at him when he stepped in looking at him from the larger than life table. No one made a move to come forward to confess it was them who had planned the whole thing, and Draco had soon forgotten about trying to figure out who it was as he caught up with everyone. Some of the people he hadn't seen in such a long time, like his school friends and had only shared correspondence with them over the years. His excitement was growing, he was losing his attitude from earlier that day and was laughing, joking, enjoying a few glasses of champagne with everyone all through dinner. He hadn't even realized Harry had moved to his right until it was time for dessert and the man called everyone to attention, "alright everyone! We have a larger than life cake that is about to come through those doors, so make sure you eat as much as you'd like," he was started, "it is Draco's favorite cake, so if you don't like it piss off." He was saying and all Draco could really focus on was the fact Harry called him Draco. It was like it all clicked. Who else would do something like this? For a guy like him? No one, not a single person besides Harry James Potter. The man who forgave everyone, the man who was good to everyone, the man who was... who was Harry Potter. He felt a set of tears come over him and fought to hold them back, he couldn't believe it. No one made a big deal about his birthday and when he told Harry about that last year while the two were out on a mission crammed behind a warehouse full of crates he didn't think anything about it. They were talking about the fact Harry's birthday was fast approaching and Draco mentioned that no one had even noticed his birthday the month before. He didn't mean it hatefully, it was just a fact. But Harry took it to heart, took it hard and here he was making up for 37 years of it it seemed. Draco stood abruptly look at the other man, "it was you ?" Harry's grin grew, "Happy Birthday Draco." He spoke softly, quietly and made a turn to the doors as they were opened to show a white cake covered in lemon icing coming towards them, Draco looked at it a moment then back to Harry who was now holding a card out. But instead of taking the card, he grabbed Harry. Pushing their lips together in a quick kiss and clinging to the man tightly, who only wrapped his arms around him as well. Happy Birthday Draco! You deserve it all. ~ A/n: I won't lie it isn't my favorite work but I wanted to get it out tonight. I had to work all day - so sorry for the lack of the story. But I thought it was cute. Silly 'ole, sweet Harry Potter. Happy birthday Draco. ;) ~kiz