important, or something, Potter?" Draco asked with a smirk, a few of the nearby people looked up at them. Harry chuckled, "I have no idea." "Hm," Draco hummed softly, "want me to kick them out? I saw it was for family only." Harry's eyes opened again and he looked at Draco, studying his look and after deciding he was being serious he shook his head, "can't do that, Malfoy, not my choice." "Why not?" "They're all mostly her family." "Last I checked," Draco nodded towards Thomas and his few family members, "that wasn't her family." "No," Harry shook his head, "as much as I appreciate the gesture and absolutely adore the fact you would be willing I'd rather just ignore them." Draco hummed again, and leaned into Harry's arms, "alright, whatever you say." "That's a first." Harry whispered, kissing his cheek, "usually it's whatever you say." "You're about to be a father, I'm giving you a free pass today." "A father," Harry smiled, "I'm going to be a father." "Soon." Draco nodded, "or now," he corrected watching as a Healer walked into the crowded room. "Looking for dad," she said and the whole room turned to Harry and Draco. Harry's smile grew wide and he gave Draco a quick kiss before walking forward. "Everything okay?" "Yes, the baby was delivered smoothly," she answered giving him a small smile, and leading him from the room. The waiting room fell quiet, waiting. Draco stared after Harry wishing he could go with him, his eyes meeting Hermione's from across the room, who gave him a small nervous smile. When it was finally time for the rest of the room to go in, it was going to have to be done in sections. Ginny's and Harry's choice who was first, which to no shock meant Draco and Dean, as well as Ron and Hermione. The four followed the Healer, it had been long enough of a wait that they had changed shifts so this was a new one. Hermione gave Draco's hand a hard squeeze while Ron and Dean had a very slim and short conversation about something in regards to if he was excited to be done with the pregnancy part, that lead Draco to believe that Ron didn't realize they weren't going to be really involved with the parenting. Not to mention Ginny was two years younger than Harry, she had made that clear multiple times during the discussion of switching off weeks so they could raise the child as best as they could with co-parenting. Ron was hovering at the open door, the Healer explaining this was the room before stepping away. Harry was standing with his back to the door and Ginny was lying on the bed crying, shaking her head back and forth quickly the conversation quiet and only a soft buzz could be heard. Dean hovered at the door as well, then he looked back at Hermione and Draco, "uh, Malfoy, why don't you go ahead?" He suggested, clearly not all that keen to the idea, or maybe he was just really nervous. Hermione gave Draco's shoulder a slight squeeze and he eased past the other two, "you sure, Weasley?" He asked softly, he wasn't practically bursting at the seams with excitement whereas Ron was to his right. "Yeah, yeah," Ron grinned, "I'll be second though, don't hog 'em." He said with a wink and stayed put. Draco could tell Harry was a little upset by the way he was standing, and he finally gathered Ginny's attention when he stepped in, her eyes met his and grew wide. Draco gave a small smile, "uh, congrats, Ginny." "Th-thanks," she whispered quietly, wiping her eyes and sitting up a bit. Harry looked over his shoulder, past Draco to the door where Ron and Hermione stood and he could see Dean as well then he looked at Draco. "How's it feel Potter, you okay?" "Amazing," Harry whispered, and smiled softly, then he turned around to Draco. Draco stared down at his arms, his eyes wide and he took in a shallow breath, "meet Raleigh James Potter." "Th-there he is," Draco whispered, his hands fisted in his pockets, "uhm, congratulations Harry." He whispered, though he wasn't staring at Harry when he said it, instead he was staring down at the most beautiful child he had ever seen. Bright brown eyes stared up at him with slow blinks, a wide smile followed, and dark hair graced his head. "Thank you," Harry said softly, and reached out his arms, "would you like to hold him, Draco?" "Uh, I don't have much experience," he admitted, "but I guess I'll have to get used to it." Harry let out a quiet cry when Draco said it, two bright green eyes turning to the blonde to give him a serious look, a look that said everything he couldn't right then. "I love you too." Draco answered the look and reached out carefully taking the child from his hold, pulling him to his chest. "Hey there, love," he whispered to the child, "you got the world's strongest father, little Raleigh. Don't let anyone tell you different." He flicked his eyes to Ginny as he said it, who covered her mouth to hide the cry. "And, you have an uncle practically dying to meet you," Draco added quietly, cooing slightly, and he turned around to the widely smiling Ron stepping into the room that let out a loud gasp. Before him was Draco Malfoy, holding his new beautiful baby nephew that stood out like a sore thumb against that pale skin because the baby was shades darker. Ron whipped his head around to Dean in shock, who stared into the room dumbstruck at the sight before him. There was no mistaking who this baby's dad was, and as Harry stepped forward with a look to Ron and smiled saying, "c'mon Ron, meet my son," there was no mistaking who his father was either. **Raleigh means deer. Seemed fitting. :D