him while his finger trailed Harry's jaw, or they were laying on a couch reading and Draco's hand was under his shirt and tracing his stomach muscles, laying in bed cuddling and Draco was rubbing his arms.. Draco always admired Harry and Harry hoped he never stopped. Right now Draco was rubbing lotion over Harry's chest, his thumbs working into the defined muscles that were sprawled across his stomach and down his hips, his thumbs gliding over the defined Adonis muscle that showed off his slender hips. "I was wondering," Harry started, "could I uh.. see all of you tonight?" Draco met his eyes, his smile slipping, "don't ruin this." "I'm not," Harry started speaking quickly and grabbed for Draco's hands before they fell away from his body, "it's been almost a whole year, Draco. I love you, you love me..." "Next request." Draco shook his head, sitting back on his heels as Harry held his hands. Harry shook his head, "we'll just sleep then?" Draco arched an eyebrow, his face tense, "sleeping?" "Yeah," Harry smiled and shifted on the bed, giving Draco a quick pull of his hand, "c'mon, hold me." Draco pulled his hands from Harry's and watched as the other shifted to his side, Draco slid up behind him and slipped his arm out and around Harry's midsection pulling the other back against him while trying to ignore the fact he didn't think of grabbing a blanket to keep himself off of Harry because he'd be damned if he pulled away now. The two were silent, Harry nuzzled the back of his head against Draco's chest and shut his eyes. He genuinely wasn't upset - about anything that had happened tonight. The potion, or Draco refusing to show himself. He was used to the latter, anyway, he hadn't seen Draco without a shirt on once. And anytime the blonde and him did have sex his arm was covered. Harry never saw the Mark. Draco was frowning, he wanted to show Harry all of him but how could he? One was a reminder of the men that tried to kill him and the other were scars from Harry attacking him. How could he show Harry that? But... Harry was here still, tucked against his chest and happy. Even after Draco's inappropriate deceit from what, maybe an hour ago? Harry was here. Draco moved his arm from around Harry and rolled back climbing to his knees moving to be back in front of Harry. He cleared his throat and Harry looked over quietly, watching as Draco slid his right arm out of the dark green button up and then his left, biting his bottom lip without quite meeting Harry's eyes. Harry got to his own knees and sat before Draco, the two of them quiet while he reached out and took the pale arm within his reach. Draco wanted to cringe he could just imagine Harry glaring at it, throwing him away in disgust and chanced a glance down at the other. Harry wasn't doing that, though, instead he ran his thumb over it and then bent and kissed it. It was black, intricate, detailed and it stuck out like a sore thumb against his pale skin. Draco's eyes grew wide, and he pulled back watching Harry start to protest, "my shirt," he offered an awkward smile. A nervous breath followed as Draco gripped the bottom of his t-shirt and he pulled it over his head slowly. He knew what they looked like, he had stared at them before.. he knew it was overwhelming that was why he pulled his shirt off slowly so he could hide his face, hide himself from Harry. Harry's gasp was quiet, but loud enough Draco tensed from it. He swallowed quietly and finally had the shirt over his head, all him exposed to Harry. When Draco finally looked at his face he felt his heart break and instantly reached for the shirt to pull it on but Harry got to him first. The Gryffindor clutched to him, a quiet and silent sob pushed out between his lips. His shoulder shaking in silent sobs as Draco held him, pulling him close once he shifted to his bottom. "It's okay, Harry," Draco was whispering, rocking the other back and forth and rubbing his back, "shh." "I'm so sorry," Harry was sobbing out, his voice strained and hard as he tried to talk his arms clutching to Draco tightly, "I'm so sorry." Draco held him to his chest until he finally stopped crying, when he looked down he saw it was because he had finally fallen asleep. He moved the two forward and pulled the blankets around them, Harry laying on his chest and he drifted off to sleep too. A/n: Didn't want to clutter the top. I did a lot of research to pick the correct potion for this fic, so I could stay within a few prompt/challenge guidelines. Knowing Draco is quite the experienced brewer I have a feeling that brewing something like Amortentia would be no problem. It is unclear if each specific type of love potion has their own antidote (other than the universal use of Hate Potions to counteract) or if it is just the same for each type. For the sake of the story I am going to assume it is the same. Now for true love potions if you don't wait for the effects to wear off, the person under the potions influence will remember the events, what they did and what caused it. It is assumed if the effects wear off (usually 24 hours) then they don't remember - or at least they think they acted on their own free-will, maybe? Maybe to them it is foggy in their mind a bit and they don't realize they were acting so over the top? That is how I am going to interrupt that so I can use it effectively in a way that doesn't end up muddling things. ~Kiz