and took his hand, "c'mon," Draco started to follow because there really didn't seem to be much protesting going on but then he froze. "Uh... let's just, the couch." He said turning to the couch, "okay?" "That's not very comfortable..?" "Well," Draco frowned, "its fine, this is fine." Harry frowned, "what's going on Draco?" "My room is a bit untidy," he explained. "I don't give a fuck about your messy room, let's go." Harry started up the stairs and Draco stayed on the bottom floor, giving a pointed look to the man that was halfway up the stairs. Then he turned as Harry looked at him and walked over to the couch with a point, "here, Potter." Harry narrowed his eyes and walked the rest of the way up the stairs, "here, Malfoy." "It's my house." Draco called from the middle of his front room, where he was standing. He knew Harry could see his messy room by now, he could hear where he was above him after all, but now it was just the principle. It was his house, not Harry's. Potter didn't have a say in this. Finally he heard Harry back on the stairs, "all cleaned up, come up here now. Be careful." "No," Draco crossed his arms, "I'm fine now, really, doesn't even bother me." He gave his hips a small wiggle, keeping the stinging pain from his face. He figured it was just a bone bruise and in a few minutes it'd be fine anyway. Harry seemed unconvinced and unamused, he crossed his arms and stared right at Draco through a serious face. "See?" Draco gave another hip wiggle, "all fine." "Stop doing that Malfoy, you're really going to get yourself hurt." Draco rolled his eyes and gave a small jump as if to express he was completely fine and before he landed there was a loud pop and Harry was standing in front of him, "you're a fucking brat, Malfoy," Harry growled circling his arms around him as soon as he landed and Draco having been startled by the noise was unable to keep the flinch down this time. Okay maybe jumping wasn't a good option, he thought feeling a twinge in his hip. "I really wish you'd be more careful, Malfoy." Harry chided and walked him backwards slowly, sitting him on the couch, "and less difficult." Harry added in a quieter voice before he pulled Draco's popover, over his head. Leaving Draco in the snug jeans, and t-shirt. As the blonde found the seat the seam of the shirt pressed tight against his jeans and a small over-stuffed strip of skin showed. Harry reached out and trailed a soft finger over the tight belly, "why was all your clothing thrown everywhere?" Draco frowned, "I just wanted to find something...I don't know, cute, I guess? Doesn't matter." "Oh Merlin Malfoy, you're always cute." Harry whispered, "cute as a princess." Draco blushed and with a heavy sigh he unfastened his snug jeans letting out a relaxed sound as his stomach and hip weren't so confined. "There we go," Harry whispered and stood pulling his jeans at the legs until Draco was out of them, "better?" Draco nodded, "y-yes." "Good," Harry threw the jeans to the floor and crawled up next to Draco on the couch, "now let's look this over." Harry whispered, at hip level, his hand immediately rested on Draco's belly feeling the fullness of it before checking the redness of his side and hip, "I think you'll be okay." "I told you." "I like taking care of you," Harry answered, resting his cheek against Draco's stomach and leaning into the couch, "a lot." "I have noticed." "You have to be careful, Malfoy," Harry said quietly kissing his belly and giving it a soothing and soft rub, "I am glad you ate." "I figured," Draco chuckled, looking down his body and seeing Harry cuddling his tummy, "I have ice cream, by the way, I didn't know if uh..." Harry looked up quickly, his eyes going wide, "if what?" "You know..." Draco shrugged, without meeting his eyes, "uh, I wasn't sure?" Harry smiled, "were you planning on seducing me, Malfoy?" "I just..." Draco blushed and rubbed his face, "whatever. Sorry." "I would very much love to eat ice cream with you, Draco." Harry answered and moved, careful not to touch his left side, to sit next to him on the right snuggling towards him. "A lot," Harry added, pulling Draco to his chest, "you're so warm and comfortable, Malfoy." Draco grunted softly, and laid his cheek against Harry's shoulder, "my hips does hurt." He said after a minute. "Why did you fall?" "I was upset I couldn't find anything comfortable to wear." He whispered and was happy Harry didn't make him look at him. "Oh, baby," Harry whispered, "you're perfect, all the time, don't ever feel like you have to be something you're not for me." Draco nodded quietly, nuzzling his cheek against Harry's perfect chest. "What time do you generally get to your store?" Harry asked, rubbing Draco's side softly, "I want to make sure you get plenty of rest." "Whenever, I am there early on Thursday and Friday for shipments." He explained, "Wednesday I only go up there when I am needed and Tuesday I am typically there around noonish, to make sure everything is okay. She's such a great assistant, or partner really. I could probably leave the whole thing in her hands." "That's a nice schedule you have, Malfoy." "Well, I own the place Potter." Harry held him tightly as he laughed, "I can do what I want." "That's typical for you, though. Look where we are rather than getting you rested up in bed." "I am a Princess," Draco muttered with his eyes closed, nestling against Harry who smiled to himself. "Or whatever." He added quickly, dropping it after a second. "I'll get you an ice pack, Your Highness," Harry said, kissing his temple and getting up, "and ice cream."