Harry pushed into him again and again, fucking his slobbering, saliva coated mouth and then he felt it and something told him that the moment the head of Harry's cock hit the back of throat that was the first time he had all of Harry in his mouth. His mouth made a move to open wide, his throat closing and he felt himself convulse involuntarily tears sprung to his eyes and just as quick Harry pulled back slightly. Draco closed his eyes and dropped his hand from Harry's leg, relaxing. Harry almost came from that feeling, that feeling of his husband giving him complete control complete trust and Harry fought down his moan as he took over the blonde's mouth and pushed into him again and again and again until his beautiful pale face was red and saliva was dribbling down his chin, a set of tears in his eyes. Harry pulled out completely with a sloppy pop, and he pulled Draco up and kissed him hard on the mouth. Draco looked at Harry, once his lips covered his own numb ones, through watery eyes, "I love you," Harry whispered and joined him on the bed, his saliva coated length brushed against Draco's shirt which Harry was pulling off, "Merlin do I love you." Draco smiled softly, "I love you," he answered through a hoarse voice and pulled back from the kiss to wipe his mouth, "I'm all a mess now." "Just the way I like you," Harry grinned and laid Draco back on the bed, "all messy." The blonde stretched out in a cat like manner, his arms sliding above his head and off the mattress as Harry laid against him and his tanned hands followed feeling all of Draco's body. Their cocks brushed against each other and Draco arched up against his hips with a quiet moan, "oh please," he whispered as he laid his head back with closed eyes. "Please what, baby?" Harry matched his hips pushing them back down. Draco giggled, "please let me cum, Harry." "Mm," Harry nipped his shoulder, then his neck, "think you earned that?" "Y-yes," Draco shuddered and tilted his neck for more, groaning as Harry scraped his teeth down the lightly flushed skin, "oh, please." Harry reached between them and wrapped his hand around both of their cocks, holding them in place, before arching his hips up and humping against his husband letting their lengths slid against each other slowly. "Oh Merlin," Draco gasped out pushing his hips up again until Harry pushed them right back down making him want it even more. Nothing was sexier than Harry taking away his freewill and did the man know how to do that or what? The Gryffindor wrapped his left hand around Draco's throat propping himself up slightly and his mouth was biting the blonde's chest over scars. Old scars, scars Harry had given him years ago in that bathroom. He bit at the skin, suckling after each one and kissing over it, stroking both of their lengths quickly while he humped his hips against the other quickly, "oh fuck!" Draco groaned loudly, his eyes shut tightly, "oh Harry , fuuuu -ck!" "Look at me," Harry growled at and Draco did, his eyes fluttered open and focused in on Harry, "cum baby." And Draco did, his eyes locked his Harry's until he couldn't focus on the other and they rolled back as he laid flat against the bed, with a yelped, 'fuck Harry!' flowing from his beautiful pink lips and Harry close behind both of their bodies getting coated in both of their orgasms. Harry kissed his cheek and rolled over to his back pulling Draco with him as he laid back his legs falling over the side of the bed. Draco let out a contented sigh, mewling when Harry rubbed his back, "I missed you." "Missed me?" Harry chuckled, "we're together all the time, baby." "I mean... that," the blonde blushed, "I missed that side of you." Harry hummed kissing his hair, "we have a little baby now, Draco Potter, things are different." "I know," Draco chuckled, "I was just saying... I'm not opposed to nights like this." "Need to get you a gag because you're loud, and we are in a family friendly neighborhood now a days, baby." Harry snickered, "or maybe I'll just spank you each time he scream, hm?" Draco shifted and looked up from Harry's chest, arching a brow, "I think I like being spanked too much for that to be a punishment." Harry laughed quietly, "what have I created?" He teased, "I remember nervous Draco just a few years ago, he would barely let me touch him." Draco looked away with a head shake, "you've given me confidence and love." Harry blinked, studying his husband. He barely ever got sentimental and more than that he barely ever talked about his feelings or any type of feelings for that matter, "baby, I love you, you have all of my heart all of the time." "Thank you for that," Draco whispered, "thank you for Tristan and... and this life, and thank you for loving me." Harry shifted the two, holding Draco to his chest, he pressed a proper kiss to his lips, "I made a vow two years ago to love you, no matter what. You got me, baby, wrapped around that prissy lil' finger of yours." "Proper Potter," Draco murmured and wrapped his arms around him, taking his mouth in a warm kiss. A cry sounded suddenly and the both of them jumped, before Draco scrambled off the bed. He jerked his hand off the bedside table and muttered a cleaning charm while jumping into his boxers and flying out the bedroom door in less than a ten seconds. Harry chuckled looking after his husband with a quiet sigh, I'd do anything to make you happy, Draco. Harry thought to himself and got off the bed after a second to shower, even have a million of those brats.