after shutting the door. Amber's mind was still reeling from the past few minutes and was struggling to keep up. Entering the living room Amber took a seat on the opposite side of the coach and looked intently at the women in question. "As I was saying earlier my dear, my name is Professor Annabelle Hackleworth , however Professor Hackle is perfectly fine. I teach Muggle Studies at Hogwarts." Amber's Dad gave a loud snort at the word Muggle but otherwise kept his mouth shut. "What's does the word Muggle mean?" Amber asked curiously. "A Muggle is person with no magical abilities, like your Dad". "So what am I?" Amber wondered not realising that she hadn't just thought that thought but said it as well. "You Amber, are a witch just like your mother." " What!? I'm a witch? But that doesn't make any sense…. wait; you said my Mum was one too?" This was getting to be a lot for Amber to take in. She stared at the wall whilst her mind tried to play catch up and process all of this. "But I can't be, wouldn't I have had to use Magic or something?" "Amber, my dear you have used your Magic twice since I have been here and I am willing to bet your father has noticed you use it too." Mr McKinnon uncharacteristically said nothing to any of this and just continued to fidget uncomfortably in his chair. "The car alarm." Amber whispered. "Yes and also when we came into this room." "I didn't do anything when we came in." "Amber I do not believe the lighting in this house is automated." Professor Hackle spoke with a light laugh. Amber then realised that neither she nor anyone else had touched a light switch and everything was starting to become a bit overwhelming. "Here, I think it's time you read this for yourself." The very letter that Amber had been so desperate to read was finally being handed to her freely. With shaky hands she took the letter from Professor Hackle and read it. To Miss Amber McKinnon, 2 nd floor - Bedroom at the end, 18 Anglo Street, Halifax, Nova Scotia. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmistress: MINERVA MCGONAGALL (Order of Merlin, First Class, defender of Hogwarts) Dear Miss McKinnon, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1 st . We await your owl by no later than July 31 st . Yours sincerely, Fillius Flitwick, Deputy Headmaster The letter did answer a few of Amber's questions however a dozen more quickly replaced them. Her head swam to trying to keep up with the information that was being presented to her. She lost count of the amount of times her month had opened to ask something only for it to close a second latter. "If you have any more questions I'd be more than happy to answer them." The Professor said snapping Amber out of her reverie. "How does…. How does my Mum fit into all this?" Amber asked shakily. Professor Hackle was about to begin answering her question before she was once again cut off by Mr McKinnon. "Stop." His voice was tired and strained but anger was still evident. "Mr McKinnon it is important that we…." "NO!" Mr McKinnon bellowed. It was so loud that even Professor Hackle recoiled in shock. "No… please, not now it's too much. Please leave us be." The contrast of both sentences was stark. One commanded the room and could be heard from the roof whilst the other was quiet and distant. Professor Hackle moved to protest but something stopped her. The challenging look she had been giving Mr McKinnon since she got here was gone only to be replaced by sincerity. "Of course Mr McKinnon . I apologise if I have offended you. How about I come by tomorrow after you both have had a good night's sleep?" "What! No please don't go." Amber inserted feeling like everything was about to run away from her again. She was close, she was so close to getting answers and now they are about to slip away. "I'm sorry Amber but I think it's best if I leave for tonight" Professor Hackle rose gathering her things together. Amber then got up and grabbed her. "Please don't go miss, PLEASE! I have so many things I need to ask you. You can't leave, not now." Tears were forming in Ambers eyes and the glass in the room started to shake. "Amber don't cry, I'll be back tomorrow. Besides if you desperately need a question answered you can ask your Dad." Amber was shocked to hear this. How much did he know? With that Professor Hackle rose quickly and made for the door with Amber begging her not to go. "AMBER!" Mr McKinnon shouted. "Let the Professor leave in peace." Amber had only turned around for a second to look at her Dad and by the time she turned back around Professor Hackle was gone. "She…. She's gone? Where did she go?" Amber said in a panic as she rushed to look out the front door to no avail. She realised she hadn't heard the front door open. "It's probably for the best." "What! How could you say that? This is the first time anything in my life made sense and you go and ruin it!" Amber wailed. "Amber I'm just trying to protect you". "No! You're preventing me from being myself. You have known for all of these years haven't you? You knew I was a witch." "Amber.… I.…" Mr McKinnon tried to counter. "Did you know?" Amber coughed through her sobs, glass around her started to crack. "Amber, please understand." His voice failing. "I HATE YOU!" Amber's bedroom door slamming was like a thunderclap. You could hear it from the end of the street.