against Draco's ear, teeth cutting into his ear lobe with a rough bite. "Fuck..." Draco breathed out, "yes." His eyes were closed, his body was contorted almost painfully against the bed as he arched back and Harry was pounding into him. He was't lubed, but he didn't care. He could have been stretched more, but he didn't care. He wanted Harry to fuck him he was dressed like a slut and Draco wanted to be treated like one. Harry's hips were moving fast and hard, thrusting into Draco and each time he pushed in Draco hit the bed and Harry pulled him right back into place with his other hand, "I'm going to ruin this pretty little ass." Harry gasped out in a hoarse voice his breath hot against Draco's neck, Draco pushed back against Harry's hips nodding as he tried to keep himself up but at the rate Harry was pounding into him he couldn't stay up. The only thing holding him was Harry. He could practically feel his own release. He knew it would be good, he knew it would be possibly the best he had ever had, he knew Harry would take care of him. Harry's hand moved from Draco's shoulders to his hair, fingers gripping the platinum locks tightly as he pulled Draco back up and held him into place his hips slowly only slightly, "you like it this way?" He demanded, teeth against alabaster skin sinking in. Draco nodded, "say it." Harry growled roughly his teeth pulling on the skin now a droplet of blood hit his tongue. "Yes," Draco breathed out, eyes flashing open, "fuck yes," he gasped out trying to look down at his shoulder his hair pulling tight. Harry smiled softly, his hips slowing further his fingers slipping around Draco's neck tilting him back and kissing him as he cut off his air, pumping into the man. "Such a good boy," he whispered against his lips licking them. Draco practically purred from the praise, his eyes shutting as he felt it, Harry's final thrust. It was deep, he thrust in hard and far grinding his hips in a circular motion before his cum came spurting out with a stutter. He held the blonde in place, as he pulled his hips back moving much slower. It was a completely different feeling. Draco had tears in his eyes, his cock was throbbing, his neck and face a light shade of pink from strain and lack of air. Harry gave him a kiss, a soft one, his fingers loosened and he let Draco down pulling his shaft out of him. With a relieved sigh he was out and he pulled Draco back against him. He laid the other down, curling up against his side and with a quick thumb he wiped the tears away kissing him on the lips, nibbling on his bottom lip after the sweet kiss and his hand trailed down Draco's torso. "Good boy," he whispered softly, carefully, his hand wrapping around Draco's stiff member. "Such a good boy," he stroked him slowly, playfully, "you want a treat?" He asked, his kisses against Draco's neck making the other shiver. "Y-yes." "Cum whenever you want," Harry answered him, lips moving against Draco's neck and down his shoulder to his chest before closing over the blonde's nipple. Draco let out a soft sigh, his nipple getting rolled between Harry's teeth and when he gave it a suckle Draco practically lifted off the bed, his hips gave a thrust into Harry's hand and his own orgasm covering his chest. Harry helped him through, only stopping his stroking when Draco whimpered quietly. Harry's tongue drug down Draco's chest and he pulled it into his mouth swallowing the bit of cum he had just lapped it, before giving his husband a kiss. "What if I run us a bath? Let me wash you?" Draco looked over, his hand trailing down his chest and slipped through his cum, "think I need one?" "I know you do," Harry chuckled and rolled over, "be right back, don't you dare move." "Yes sir." Harry hurried to the bathroom, turning the hot water one and letting it fill the huge bathtub before he put in a few scoops of bath salts - Draco's favorite, spice scented, then he hurried back into the bedroom scooping Draco off the bed. He held him tightly, carrying the blonde into the bathroom. "Are you okay?" "Yes, why?" "I was a little rough," Harry answered, sitting him on the counter and ducked down kissing his shoulder, "I made you bleed... look at that bruise." "I know," Draco chuckled unfastening the clips holding his stockings up. "I got it!" Harry spoke hurriedly, and made slow work of sliding the stockings down, "your legs looked absolutely wonderful in these stockings." "They really did," Draco agreed, shivering when Harry unfastened the skirt and pulled it off. "I'm a little upset you ripped my panties off, honestly." He whispered quietly with a blush. "I'll buy you some more," Harry answered and took off the garter belt, "as many as you want, baby." Draco held his arms out and Harry picked him, carrying him over to the tub and the two slipped in. Draco snuggling up against Harry, "Happy Birthday, Harry." A/n: "Harry Potter: "We just Apparated, didn't we sir?" Albus Dumbledore: "Yes, and quite successfully too, I might add. Most people vomit the first time."" - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and The Half-Blood Prince Found it! I have posted this in my Cross My Heart story (which I know needs an good edit. Eek.) But it's there, also can stand alone just as a cute after marriage, AU, story. So posted alone. Also I have a 6 year old niece who very much thinks like Rose, kinda my inspiration for how to base her character tbh. Anyway, I had just been thinking about the two after their wedding and Draco in a rather sultry pair of panties. Hope you enjoyed! ~Kiz