was okay - he knew he was of course. He pumped in and out of him with a force that made the bed jolt. Draco's voice was loud, his whimpers greeted by Harry biting his shoulder, his neck. Harry wanted more, it wasn't enough, he wanted to see Draco. He needed to because it all still felt like a dream, it still felt too good to be true. He stopped moving and pulled out, Draco's protest loud, "oh no you don't Harry Pot-!" But was quickly cut off with a yelp when Harry grabbed him by the hips and turned him over on his back. "I want to see that beautiful face of yours," Harry whispered, kissing him softly before he leaned back grabbed his cock and pushed right back in. With Draco on his back and his knees bent up it was different. It was raw, primal but it was love. Harry pushed in slowly filling him and grabbed Draco's legs wrapping them around his waist before he resumed his thrusting at a much slower pace. He was bent over Draco now, the Slytherin gripping his forearms tightly with his nails digging into his tanned skin and Harry wrapping his arms around him holding him close, nuzzling his cheek. "Want me to take your shirt off?" Harry breathed out quietly, softly, slowing his thrust just slightly. He wanted to see all of Draco but wasn't about to push the subject, he never did before and he most certainly wasn't going to now. Scars, Dark Mark, ugly... "No," he answered quickly, "just touch me," Draco pleaded, and Harry did. He slid his hand down between them wrapping around Draco's length and stroking him just as he was thrusting into him. "Harry," he breathed out his name shutting his eyes and laying his head back, "fuck yes." Harry knew he had the right angle, he was brushing against the man's prostate and each time his head brushed over it Draco let out a quiet whined fuck. "Cum for me," Harry whispered against his ear, sucking on his earlobe, "cum." Draco shivered at the command, his arms falling above his head and he gripped the headboard. Harry pulled back to his knees, pushing in and stopping as his hand stroked the blonde quickly, he wanted to see it. He wanted to see it and never forget it. Draco's eyes were tightly shut, his mouth half open in a pant and with a clench of his butt around Harry's cock his orgasm quickly covered Harry's hand as his face flushed and a string of moans left his mouth. "You're so fucking beautiful," Harry whispered, pushing his hips up slowly with no real hurry, Draco didn't even respond he just laid there breathing out a pant, arching his hips when Harry stroked his sensitive cock again before looking down his body at the other with hooded eyes and shy smile. Harry reached his hand up smiling darkly at the other, having wiped most of the cum against the bedding, and slipped a finger between Draco's lips, "suc- good boy," he breathed out with a growl resuming his thrust. Right hand gripping Draco's thigh and pulling him down against him to meet his hips until finally with one last thrust and a quiet moan he fell forward against Draco's body, whispering his name as his hips stuttered forward and his own orgasm coated the inside of Draco's ass. Draco was stroking Harry's hair as he laid against him, the two breathing heavily and neither making an notion to move they just stayed wrapped around each other, "you okay?" Harry whispered against his chest, "Draco?" The blonde hummed, his eyes trained up to the ceiling and his hand rubbing over Harry's bareback, "yes, you?" "Perfect," he murmured. "I forgot how good it felt," Draco admitted with a blush, nuzzling his cheek against Harry's hair. Harry laughed quietly, "you're perfect." "Nearly," Draco agreed and shifted slightly so Harry would fall out of him before he shimmied down to face Harry directly. "Harry," he whispered staring at the dark green eyes before him, "why'd you do it?" The Grffindor let out a quiet sigh, and swallowed roughly, "I was scared. I was scared how I felt about you, I was scared how you stopped needing me," Harry looked away ashamed with himself, "I thought you not needing me meant you would leave, you had your career and you were moving up it so fast and I was just your third priority. I had convinced myself that meant I would soon be your fourth and fifth and sixth and then... you wouldn't need or want me anymore." Draco blinked watching the other talk, unsure what to say. "I was selfish and stupid," Harry whispered still looking away, "so I picked fights with you over dumb shit because I knew that you wouldn't put up with it, but you did." He had a tears on his cheek and reached up covering his face wiping them away, "and I realized it was because of Teddy so I took him away from you too." Draco's heart was breaking, he laid there with the ache in his chest and hesitated before reaching out to take Harry's hand within his own, "I didn't put up with it because of Ted," Draco whispered, "I put up with it because of you, Harry, it's always been you." Harry let out a quiet sob, his whole face falling and he turned into the embrace that was laying there to his right burying himself into his arms. Sob, after sob racking out of his body. The embrace was warm, and inviting and all Draco. All Draco with all of his flaws, all of his perfections, all of his love in one embrace. All Draco with his too skinny body, and slender warm arms. All Draco who would fight off the demons easily, who would fix Harry with one touch. Draco who would quiet the storm. And, he did.