guests, Harry mentioned he still gets 'fans' coming up to him. You might think meeting Harry Potter would be welcoming, warm and unlike anything else you ever get to do in your life and you'd only be right about one part. It is quite unlike anything else you'll ever do in your life. In this installment we will be looking at who the-boy-who-lived is just now a days. He's freshly turned 28, very fit and very single. I was shocked to see him drink more sugar in his tea than tea itself, but once we settled in with our cuppas we were able to get down to business and he was willing to answer practically any question I could have had. Cont. 4 Draco looked down at the newspaper article, and opened the newspaper skimming the pages as he flipped through to page 4. "Keeping tabs on me?" Draco's eyes grew wide and he looked up throwing the paper on the table to see Harry standing before him, leaning against the back of the chair in front of him. "When are you going to stop?" Draco asked and stood up, pushing away from the table in shock. Harry chuckled and ran a hand through his hair coolly, smiling the smile Draco had grown to love and didn't realize how much he had missed it until he saw it. "Just leave me alone, Potter. Stop doing this to me." "Doing this to you?" Harry shook his head, "you're the one that always leaves me." "I don't have time for this Potter," Draco growled and ripped his coat off the back of the chair turning to leave the coffee shop. Harry easily kept pace, stepping outside of the shop when Draco did. "Oh come on, I just wanted to say hi." Harry said and gripped Draco's hand when he realized the other was going to disapparate. They came to a halt in front of the Manor and Harry blinked looking up at the castle of a house. "Get the fuck off of me!" Draco yelled and pushed Harry roughly sending him toppling backwards. "Just talk to me," Harry pleaded as he steadied himself. "Fuck off Potter," Draco yelled turning to face him properly, "stop showing up! Stop confusing me! Stop everything! You're everywhere, Potter, and I hate it." Draco said jabbing his finger at the other, "every-fucking-where I look you are. People talking about you, people reading about you, people telling stories about you... People that don't know a single thing about you because if they didn't they wouldn't be fucking star struck by you!" Draco continued his index finger pressing against Harry roughly, "you're an asshole, you're a prat, you fucking use people until they have nothing left and then leave them." Tears were streaming down Draco's face now, his voice quivering and his yelling coming out in a small voice, "you make people fall for you and tear them up." Harry stared with a shocked look, uncertainly, "then you show right back up like you did nothing wrong, like you are just fucking perfect. But I'll tell you Harry Potter, you're the fucking worst!" "I'm the worst?" Harry snapped his tone not at all matching the look on his face. He was trying to be strong, he was trying to be serious and hard but he couldn't, not with the blonde crying. "You're the worst and I fucking hate you," Draco growled through his sob. "You left me Draco Malfoy, so many times! You never called, you just walked away. Moved without notice." Harry said in disbelief, "I was so in love with you, so in love I couldn't even leave you alone and you just left." Draco shook his head, laughing in a dark way, "In love with me? In love with a.. prude?" Draco closed the distance, his face dark as he looked Harry in the eye, "that's what you called me wasn't it, before you left?" Draco asked, his voice deep and dark, "I wouldn't fuck you and you left?" Harry blinked, pulling back, "what?" That isn't what had happened at all, was it? "You gave up on me before I even had a chance to prove myself to you," Draco said in the same tone, his eyes dark and lifeless, "you were the first guy I had ever been with, you were the first guy I was trying to be with and you just left. You left me alone, after I put so much of me into you." "You're going to stand over there and tell me you gave me your all, Draco Malfoy?" Harry asked with a glare shaking his head, "I know shit about you, and that isn't for lack of trying." He spat with a growl, "I know shit about you and you're still going to stand there and act like I do? Like I did? I tried so fucking hard, and you just pushed me and pushed me. Dodged the questions, avoided the conversations until we were just two friends with an occasional kiss. You didn't give me anything to go off of, you didn't even tell me I was the first. I had to find out from Parkinson." Harry snapped at him, "they told me to be your friend first, so I was trying and you left." "Friend or lover, you don't just leave!" Draco roared and in an instant he had his wand out and pressed against Harry's neck, "I fucking hate you." "Do it," Harry said with a sneer, "get rid of me, do the world a fucking favor." "I should," Draco answered with a dark glare. "You know the words, Draco, just fucking do it." "You wish Harry," Draco stepped back his hand still extended, "get out of here or I'll hurt you." "I'm not leaving," Harry stood there defiantly. "Sectumsempra," Draco growled and turned walking through the gate and up to his house, his robes billowing behind him. The last sound he heard was Harry's struggled breathing.