I slip into the seat beside him not wanting to partner up with my other mates, seeing as I'd only get distracted if I did. "Now that I can continue on, I'd like all of you to turn to page 43 in your texts books and read about the proper brewing of the poly juice potion." I snort and slide my head into my hands. "Rather not." Remus who normally doesn't miss a chance to read anything, also rested his head on his hand and turned in my direction. "Think Evans is okay?" I looked towards the other side of the room where Lily was sitting by herself, the text book directly under her nose. Her left hand twitched slightly every once in a while and her pale face was scrunched up in thought, probably trying her best to pay attention to what she was reading. "I don't know Rem." I admit. "She really does have no one." He bites his lip continuing to stare in her direction. A low whistle brought me out of my thoughts. I glanced up at Regulus and smiled. "Remus, I'll be right back." "Talking to him again?" He asks disdainfully looking towards Reg. "You know Pads hates it when you talk to him." "Yes well we've been over this." I tell him. "Many, many times and the fact still remains that Regulus is my friend and has been my friend since first year." "Well it'll be different now." Remus comments conversationally. "Why would it be different?" I demand loudly. "Sorry professor." I say quickly noticing the man glaring in my direction. "It just is." "Just because Sirius kissed me doesn't mean he has some sort of claim over me now!" I hiss. "And besides, it was just a kiss anyway. It didn't mean anything for the pair of us and I'd wish you'd all stop bringing it up!" I grab my things and storm over to Regulus' table and drop down on the stool with a sigh. "Looked like a pretty heated conversation, you had there." He says with a smile. "Oh stuff it." "What was it about?" "Well Remus has just brought up the kiss I shared with your brother, again! " I tell him. "For about the hundredth time!" He chuckles lightly. "Bad luck mate." I place my head in my hands. "It sucks because I guess they were expecting we'd be together by now and obviously we're not! He hasn't even kissed me since." "It was only last week, Kitty Kat." Reg reminds me. "And it may have something to do with the fact that you have a boyfriend. Who you've been with for about six months." The brief reminder has me staring in his direction. Tom Davies. He was sitting just to the left of James and Sirius with one of his friends from Ravenclaw, Katie something or other. "That's completely besides the point." I say quickly looking away from him. "And I know it's only been a week, but still, he could have mentioned something. I mean we're with each other 24/7. And we still act like nothing's happened not during breakfast or classes or even during our night pranks to er-" "Severus?" He fills in gently. "I figured as much when he stumbled into our dorm. Though I don't really consider that a prank. I think you just kicked his arse." "Yes, well he said some very mean things about me and-" "Potter felt the need to step in, I know." I raise an eye brow. "How? I wasn't aware that you two spoke of those sort of things." "We don't and I'm not blind to Potter's temper you know. He's got a rotten one and can honestly be quite cruel sometimes." "Yes." I agree. "He was pretty cruel to Evans earlier." "Lily Evans?" He asks. "The red head?" "Yup. Apparently her parents were murdered." He cleared his throat and tugged on the collar of his shirt. "I heard." I clenched my teeth while my hands tightened into fists at my side. This is where our friendship became the hardest. I knew deep down that Regulus was a Slytherin at heart. He could be the shame shy boy I've known since first year and he could be caring and sweet but it all came down to one thing. Regulus and I did not share the same views, granted he didn't always disagree with me. It started more around the workings of our fifth year and even though I know he's a muggle-born hating prat, I can't seem to end my friendship with the first person who even took the time to notice me during our first year. "I bet you did." "Don't get all sour with me. You're no better than I am." He says, temper flaring slightly. "Excuse me?" "You hex innocent Slytherins just for fun." He clarifies. "They're not all death eater wanna-be's you know." I sighed because really? Regulus did have somewhat of a point. "We agreed to keep that part of our lives separate." I said suddenly. "And that's why we're gonna do." He nods. "Anyway, he was being uncommonly mean to the poor girl." I say, half glancing in her direction. "She has no friends." "So be her friend." He says with a shrug. I groan. "It's not that easy." "Why?" "It just isn't." I say stiffly. "I don't want to talk about this anymore." I glance over at the red head again, her eyes lock with mine for a moment before I feel a warm hand being placed on my cheek turning my head back in his direction. "I'm sure you'll figure something out." He says softly. "You always do." "Not always." I tell him. "But most of the time." "There's that cocky attitude I love." He says moving his hand from my cheek and tapping underneath my chin. "Buck up, kid." I nod my head and smile. Hoping that just this once I could do the right thing. Whatever that is.