been enough because I didn't know how to be but... now I can." "Are you trying steal my boyfriend away from me, Miss Hermione?" "No," she laughed, "I could never do that to him, I love you just the same Draco Malfoy." "Do you?" Hermione smiled softly and leaned up kissing him, "I do." "Does this make you feel odd?" "No, but I am worried about Harry," she admitted as Draco held her close. "Well, if you stay you'll get used to it. And, he'll be in bright and early in the morning with breakfast. He always is." "On Saturdays?" "No, after sleeping in his bedroom." Hermione hummed softly, "do I call you Daddy?" "No," Draco laughed, "you can stick with Draco." "You don't have to call me Miss Hermione, y'know. Especially when he isn't around." "It's fun to watch you squirm." "Oh..." she laughed softly, "sure, Drake ." "Point taken, Hermione ." Bright and early for Draco wasn't nearly as bright and early as he thought, mostly because he woke up by himself around 8 in the morning. The bed was empty next to him and the door was cracked open slightly. He got up and pulled it open hearing nothing through out the house, then he checked the room seeing the clothing was picked up. He sighed quietly, she must have left. Which he soon found out wasn't true as he checked on Harry who was tucked into bed with Hermione. She was holding him tightly, her head pressed to his shoulder and the two were fast asleep, Draco blinked as he looked at this - Harry hadn't ever asked Draco for things like that so Draco hadn't done it. He wasn't sure he was supposed to but now as he watched Hermione wrapped around Harry he felt he had messed up over the years. He should have done stuff like that? Maybe he had been wrong, maybe he had been bad... maybe he should have treated situations different, or maybe he should have handled Harry's interest differently? Hermione looked up suddenly, her eyes on Draco and she edged closer to Harry patting the bed behind her, "c'mere?" She whispered, watching the blonde in the doorway shake his head. "All you, Hermione," he forced his smile and shut the door behind him. Maybe he had been wrong; he couldn't handle the thought of it, of sharing Harry. Granted he knew it was different, a completely different style between him and Hermione he was still a little concerned. What if Harry wanted that more than he wanted Draco, what if Harry wanted both of them... differently? It was going to have to be something the three talked about, because even if the three came to a conclusion it was still the Hermione and himself involved in something, someone. And that someone was Harry Potter. Draco loved Hermione, but he loved Harry more. Just as he knew Hermione did. That was his babyboy, that was his baby... obviously just from yesterday seeing them together, it was different. But Draco's biggest fear was if Harry would want him just as much as he wanted what he had with Hermione. How could Draco be sure? Should I change the way we are...? Should I be softer, he seems to be really responding to that.. But as he thought that he knew it was wrong, he wants both of us, as we are. He went through the rest of the morning quietly, growing bored as he sat the Prophet down on the counter. It was strange not having Harry with him, it was lonely. He liked the amount of time they spent together, he liked that a lot. It had been hours since he woke and was quickly approaching afternoon when he decided that was enough sleep for the two but as he started down the hallway he heard a door opening followed by both of their laughter. Draco teetered back to the bar and retook his seat, staring at the Prophet as the two came into the hallway. Both dressed, showered and awake, "hey baby," Harry greeted Draco and quickly slid over to him with a wide smile and a kiss on his cheek, forcing himself under his arm and smiling, "how'd you sleep?" "Mm, okay," Draco answered and looked at him curiously, "how did you sleep?" "Good," Harry's smile was wide, "I'm hungry, we were going to get lunch would you like to join us?" "Hm," Draco glanced over to Hermione who had gave them space and was stepping outside, "Harry, about last night...?" "Yeah?" "Well, what you and Hermione were talking about. The three of us... together?" Harry quirked a brow, "should we talk about this with her?" "No, I want to know what you think? Us, as we are...aren't you happy?" "Of course I am, I love you Draco." "This morning?" "I don't know, it was different but it felt right. She just came in, held me, she told me I was okay..." "I could do that for you Harry, I - you never said anything before?" "I didn't say anything to her, either, she just did it." Draco nodded, falling silent, "Draco," Harry looked over to see where Hermione was and noticed the door was closed so she couldn't hear, "I don't want that from you, I want my Draco," he whispered. "She gives you parts I can't?" "And vice versa." "We can see how it goes, but Harry... you're my first priority, ever." "And you're mine, Draco Malfoy." Draco grinned, "not to be selfish, but... good." Harry laughed softly, "what if she is just a weekend thing?" "Oh?" "That's what we were talking about this morning, when we woke. Hermione said you and I were too much of a unit to even try and add another person, she wants to just be a weekend uhm.. playmate, as she put it." "Well," Draco smiled and leaned forward kissing Harry quickly, "I heard my baby was hungry, let's go."