to let them fall to the ground, "turn over, Draco." The blonde, having digested his food more now wasn't so weighed down and was able to turn over before climbing up to his knees. Harry groaned at the sight before him. Draco's big, pale ass was there bent over in front of Harry and the man just wanted to touch it. So he did, he reached out running his hand across both cheeks and gave it a hard smack to watch his ass bounce back red followed by Draco's moan. Harry didn't need much to get ready he had been ready for some time. And with the flick of his wand lube was on his hand and he pressed his finger to Draco's ass, giving it a small probe. The blonde leaned forward as he felt the probe and his legs slide open another loud moan following his new exposed position. The Gryffindor didn't want to wait, and Draco could feel his restraint, "I know a spell," he whispered feeling the bed for the wand Harry had laid down, "to stretch, clean and lube myself for you." "Oh?" Harry's left hand was sliding around Draco's hips to grab his soft tummy maybe a little roughly, "do it." Draco grabbed the wand and did, jumping at the feeling the coursed through his ass, "you ready for this?" The blonde laughed softly and gave his ass a jiggle, hearing Harry mutter a quiet Merlin, Draco, before he pressed his dick to his entrance and he wrapped both hands around the blonde's soft tummy then with a thrust he pushed right in taking him. He filled the other swiftly and quickly, the blonde gasped out and pushed back on his haunches gripping the bed, "fuck," Harry growled, "feel how soft you are!" He muttered and his fingers gripped the plumpness of his body pulling him back against him, he thrust his hips up into Draco's ass letting the softness engulf him. Draco was wrapping his hand around his own cock, moaning with each thrust. Each thrust that made his stomach jiggle and his hips sway, each thrust that let him feel Harry's fingers grip against his body and pull him tight. Each time Harry slammed into him he groaned, moving faster and faster each time. He was losing himself but he had never felt anything like this before. Like Draco Malfoy before. And in record time he was cumming, his orgasm rocked through his body and he fell forward against the others back. His back wasn't as soft as his front, it was like his upper chest. Somehow the Malfoy heir had gained all his weight in just three sections. His waist, hips and ass and Harry wanted to worship every section of him. "Sorry," he whispered, embarrassed as he pulled out, "I... Oh, Merlin Draco you feel so damn good. I'm so sorry." The blonde laid forward quietly before letting out a quiet yelp when he felt Harry kiss the back of his thigh and then in a quick motion the brunette was under him lifting his hips. Draco knew how much he weighed and was thoroughly shocked (and turned on) that Harry lifted up his hips and laid on the bed. His ass wasn't in the air long before Harry's mouth wrapped around his dick with a suck. He gasped at the feeling, his eyes closing and he arched his back filling Harry's mouth as the man sucked him. He was doing something with his tongue Draco hadn't ever felt before and it was driving him crazy, the brunette grabbed his hips tightly and with a surge of energy he rolled the two over so he was back on top and buried his face against the man's hips, his forehead pressing into his plump stomach. "Gonna cum," Draco breathed out trying to push Harry away but the Gryffindor gripped his ass tightly keeping the blonde in his mouth and Draco couldn't hold back anymore. His orgasm shook through his body as he grabbed Harry's hair trying to hold on to something before he went flying off the bed and it wasn't until Harry had swallowed all of his cum that the man pulled Draco from his mouth and eased his hair out of his grasp. Harry nuzzled his chest and then his shoulder laying over the man, and pressing his lips to his cheek, "sorry for being so quick." "I think you made up for that," Draco smiled, running his fingers through Harry's hair, his eyes drooping shut. The Gryffindor laid on his back, and reached for the blonde pulling him on top of him. "Uh, Potter?" "Oh..." Harry started, "I haven't cuddled in a long time," he whispered and dropped his arm, "sorry." Draco arched a brow glancing up at the man, "I was mostly wondering if it was comfortable to you...I mean I know I'm a little heavy." He flushed as he said that, glancing away. Harry rolled his eyes, "don't be ridiculous, Draco, you're not heavy." He held him against his chest, and jerked the blanket up around them. "Must be those fit arms you are sporting," the blonde rubbed the arm to his right softly feeling the muscles. Harry blushed again at the mention from the blonde about his body, "shh." "I can't appreciate your body..but you can shower me in appreciation?" The Gryffindor shrugged and hugged Draco tight, using his left arm, he hummed softly, "you can do whatever you want baby." Draco chuckled and shut his eyes, maybe kinda liking the way Harry called him baby, "night Potter." "You gonna be here when I wake up? Or do you hate me?" "I mean, I can't hate you after that Potter... But, waking up together?" "Do I need to tie you down?" Draco laughed quietly and looked up at the other, "I will be here in the morning Potter, no need for chains... Yet." Harry kicked a leg out of the blanket and kissed Draco's temple.