enough for him until Harry was freed from the Dursleys. " Yeah...yeah." Sirius let out a long sigh. "I can't really stop you from sharing a room with Harry. With everything you've done, you have my blessings…and I'll be sure to have chocolate waiting for you when you get to number twelve." He grinned. "Anything in mind right now?" " Ice cream," he said thinking of how raw his throat was. Hopefully by the time Harry and him were reunited it would be healed. " Consider it done," Sirius said smiling down at him. " Good…" He closed his eyes then hoping Sirius wasn't lying and would indeed inform Harry of what was going on. And despite himself, he couldn't deny that he was glad that Sirius had finally accepted him. Maybe Harry wouldn't put up such a fight about them showing affection in public now? " Sirius…thank you," Dumbledore sounded emotional to Tom. " He got himself blown up saving Harry and saved me from you-know-who. How could I stand against a relationship with someone who's willing to die for my godson? Besides, he saved my life too…he's going to be a great addition to the order when he's of age." Tom opened one eye, Dumbledore looked thrilled, giving Sirius a tight hug. Perhaps it was just his imagination. Dumbledore was probably just relieved everyone was okay. No doubt tired and stressed out over all the things that had happened. It was a shame that it took Tom nearly dying and being tortured by Voldemort though to get his stepfather's complete attention anymore. (X) 6. Should the dark mark appear over any dwelling place or building, DO NOT ENTER, but contact the Auror office immediately. " I hope you don't think we're trying to get rid of you. You're almost completely healed and Aderes…" Minerva's voice trailed off. Sirius had a good idea what she was thinking. " Hey, I'm getting sent home to Remus and with a cleared name. I don't care if you're trying to get rid of me or not," he said with a grin. He was using the walls to keep himself walking, but even with the wounds, he could feel the spring in his step. He was finally getting to see Remus. "I have to ask, why isn't he healing?" Minerva stopped her eyes holding Sirius in a dark look. "He saved my life, he saved Harry's. If there's something I can do…" " He left a part of himself in that necklace Potter has," she finally said. "And without it his body will take much longer to heal." " Why not just ask Harry for it?" Sirius knew Harry would hand it over without question if it meant saving Tom's life. " Because Mister Potter is not to know that Tom is alright and…" the look of anger was gone,bl replaced with one of tiredness. "I believe Albus blames Potter for what happened and wants him to stay away from Tom." Sirius winced at that, but he had, had a feeling. " You know Tom is going to do whatever he wants, right? Dumbledore is never going to be able to stop him from going back to Harry." " I've already tried that route," Minerva said with a smile, they were walking again, both of them going at a steady pace. "All he asks for is Harry. And every time I see Albus twitch. I'm sure he will stop being so stubborn once Tom has healed. As you said, he doesn't stand a chance keeping that boy away from Potter. You-know-who couldn't do it, how could he possibly manage?" " And Harry will be fighting to see him just as badly. Tom tried to kill him last Christmas…I was furious. I wanted to kill him, but Harry went right back to him like nothing had happened. I couldn't understand it until I was with Tom the last month. He's a much different person than he lets on." " Oh that is the truth," Minerva snickered. "He is a handful, especially when he decides to take everything into his own hands…he is powerful enough to do so, but he lacks the knowledge to use it properly. He always ends up hurting himself." They were near the entrance now. It felt like it had taken hours. "Not a word about any of this," she warned him firmly. "We don't need anyone knowing where he is or that he's even alive until he is further along with recovery. There is still a small chance that he won't make it so…" She sniffed at the last part. "I never imagined he would turn out to be such a good boy. I knew he wasn't evil, but I never expected this." She was wiping a few tears away. "I'm sorry." " He's going to be fine Minerva. He withstood a lot. He's not going to die now that he's escaped. He's too stubborn for that." His words had Minerva laughing and he relaxed. He truly couldn't see Tom going anywhere. If anything was going to kill that kid, it would have been what he'd been put through already. He'd survived, albeit, barely, but he had. And the entire time all he had talked about was revenge and Harry. The two had ended up swapping stories about his godson, Sirius had even started talking about Remus. And while Sirius hadn't wanted to admit it. He could see just how much Tom was truly in love with Harry. He couldn't let him die now. 7. Unconfirmed sightings suggest that the Death Eaters may now be using Inferi. Any sighting of an Inferius, or encounter with same, should be reported to the Ministry IMMEDIATELY. (TBC) Okay, so here's chapter 1 of the complete overhaul. Enjoy. I have an entire story now to rewrite…it's going to be different, a few things left in place. We'll see where this could possibly go. I'm curious myself now honestly and that's always a good thing.