decision together. Honestly, she is far from willing to play more of their Golden Trio roles. However, as she runs the matter deeply in her brain and looks at Harry again, in his face etched the conflicting feelings about wanting her to say no and at the same time say yes. He does seem to have guessed her want to be as far away from all of these. But on the other hand, damn him for his ever-present gallant nature. Ever true, he will answer the call of the Wizarding world even if it means playing 'the boy who lived' once again. She turned to Ron and she could see his transparent support; evidently he and Harry already had a discussion behind her back regarding this predicament, and agreed to let it play-out however she wants. Shifting her gaze to Kingsley, the Minister is watching her closely; he is sporting that look again. Hermione trampled down the rising panic inside her and pulled back her focus on how to deal with what is being asked from them— a Golden Trio portrayal, for an afternoon's show. Screaming. Hermione feels like screaming. To yell at the top of her lungs to be left alone with her misery. But her fucking Golden Brain would not let her ignore Kingsley's and his rational pleading. No matter how gripping it is to just abandon decency. It would not let her neglect the world she was introduced that one afternoon at age 11. A world that literally opened to her by an impressive emerald-eyed woman bearing her Hogwarts letter. That world…this world where she, Harry, Ron, and that witch...irrevocably belonged to. ' Was the Headmistress accurate Hermione? ' Kingsley's bloody question rings inside her head involuntarily. And bloody hell, there is no escaping the bloody precision from the bloody witch! It seems to not matter that donning the 'Golden Trio' right now feels similar to skinning themselves alive with bare teeth– they would bloody do it . Because they are bloody Gryffindors! Eventually, Hermione nod once at Harry and her best friend communicated their accord to the Minister. "Thank you and I'll see you all later." Kingsley breathed out his appreciation, and immediately left them. The three of them resumed to their previous direction towards departure. Harry and Hermione were steps behind Ron who went ahead to disapparate after a wave of goodbye and a 'See you later at Hogwarts' to Hermione. Before Harry could disapparate as well, Hermione stopped him momentarily for a follow-up. "You have not answered my earlier question Harry." Referring to how he is holding with Snape's funeral. "Yes I did. I told you I'm okay." Harry let out a smirk as he answered with just minor obfuscation. "Okay smart ass," grinning back at Harry. "Pardon my imprecision; you know you were saying that…" Hermione falters with how to proceed, effectively vanishing the grin at the sudden thoughts coursing in her. While she is concern how Harry is really faring given that they have just laid Severus Snape, she highly doubted that she desires to start a topic she knows she could not afford to bring on the table, let alone talk about, even to Harry who is obviously giving her a retreat door. So she re-addressed, "Okay Harry. I'll see you later then." Harry did not miss her re-direction. He understood that she had taken his offered temporary flight. Quite correctly, she knows that he had guessed that she had not truly come to terms about it herself. His best friend does know that she'll bring it up when she is ready and not by accidental blunder. "Mione, are you sure you could do later? She blinked at the question and sees his anxious face. She knew he is now referring to her— their 'Golden Trio' reprisal for the afternoon ceremony. "Mione, are you sure you could do later? A little louder this time, Harry repeated his question thinking that she had missed it. "Minerva can… well, we really do have a ticket out, you know." He added peering his olive eyes to her brown ones. She caught his change of sentence construction but decided to ignore it. "I know Harry. But we are Gryffindors." she addressed the matter in an obvious concluding manner. "Yeah, and I know how much more Gryffindor you are than any Gryffindors right now." "No. Not more than you Harry or others who are—" "No, Hermione. NO." At Harry's passionate objection, she shuts up. For a moment, both of them seemingly at loss on how to proceed and before Hermione could backtrack on what they were discussing about, Harry once again takes her hand, and her gaze, obviously conveying that what he wants to tell her is of utmost gravity. Suddenly, Hermione feels the want to end whatever discussion they are having, but Harry decided otherwise. "People assumed that Godric Gryffindor meant courage is having the heart to go for one's desires. We both know, he equally meant that- in the name of duty and honor - courage is the fortitude to shelf in the wants of one's heart. Sometimes, ironically, even in the name of love ." To say that Hermione was startled into silence not only by Harry's perceptiveness, but his unusual disposition to voice them out eloquently is an understatement. Her heart stops at the very close-to-home narrative. Harry's words were spoken with gentleness but with strong conviction. It speaks volumes of how much he had grasped the ongoing turmoil in her heart. Unable and not ready to respond to it but sincerely grateful for his apparent concern, Hermione closed the little distance between them and gave her best friend a brief but a tight embrace, kissed his cheek and mumbled 'I'll see you later at Hogwarts'. She stepped away from him and apparrated back at her parents' old house in London; seeking refuge for at least few hours in her old bed– before putting on the "Golden Brain" title role once again.