hide anything. Just hard with all the ears in the house." "I know, right?" Ron groaned getting to his feet. "We'll let Hermione know later. We need to eat before mum realizes we're not down there." Harry agreed and off to breakfast they went. After a great deal of eating and bickering upon finding out they had to walk to get to the world cup, they grabbed what they needed, handed over their lists to Mrs. Weasley so she could purchase their items at Diagon Alley and they were off. It didn't take nearly as long as Harry thought it would and before he knew it they were there and had a tent set up. The tents were amazing as far as Harry was concerned, even if half of them, or rather most, broke the rules of the wizarding world. Harry found he wasn't too worried though and just felt happy to take it all in. He was strolling through the tents now, Hermione and Ron in front of him talking about something. He was too busy lost in what was going on around him to notice his friends. He saw a little wizard with a wand poking at a slug that was slowly getting bigger until his mother came out of the tent enraged. A bit farther ahead two little girl witches were flying on toy broomsticks, their toes just barely off the ground. He felt a twinge in his stomach as he watched them. "How people take the simple things for granted." Harry jerked back into reality at that looking around. He'd been so caught up his friends had lost him and he was now standing alone map less in the country of tents. Standing beside him was a boy his age, just a bit taller with midnight black hair, red piercing eyes, high cheek bones that reminded him of a muggle's verseion of an elf. He was wearing black slacks and a dark red sweater vest over a white t-shirt. He was watching Harry intently, but the Gryffindor had no idea why. He didn't think he'd ever met this boy and yet something about him seemed oddly familiar. "Um yeah," he said after he'd gathered himself. "So why exactly are you standing here unguarded?" the boy asked raising an eyebrow at him. "Who are you?" Harry finally asked. He had dropped his arms to his sides so he could grab his wand with ease if need be. While he doubted the boy could do anything bad to him with all these other wizard's present, he wasn't going to push his luck. "You were heading towards the water pump, right?" the boy asked completely ignoring Harry's question. "I'll take you there. I'm sure your friends have noticed you're missing by now." "I think I'll find my own way, thanks," he said his mind going into warning mode. "You think you're going to find your way anywhere without a map?" the boy asked holding a copy of said map. "Well…not exactly," Harry admitted. "Then stop being arrogant and let me help," the boy snorted. "Harry Potter thinking he's too good to accept help from another student." That said the boy started off pass some tents. "Excuse me?" Harry asked worry setting in. Was the boy a student from Hogwarts? It was impossible for him to know everyone at the school, but this boy had to be his age. He was pretty sure he'd remember someone like this. "Are you telling me you're a student at Hogwarts?" "Yes," the boy said offering the Gryffindor a quick glance. "You don't remember at all do you? We're in the same year." "No…I don't. I'm sorry, what house are you in?" Harry asked feeling utterly horrible now. "Don't worry about it. I wouldn't expect someone as famous as you to remember me," he said sounding quite arrogant himself now. "There are your friends." He motioned with his head towards Ron and Hermione who were both looking around and from what Harry could tell, were yelling at each other. "Look I said I'm sorry. There are a lot of people at Hogwarts, I can't remember everyone!" He said now feeling both bad and slightly mad. "Look, I'm Harry, and you're?" Harry asked, but by the time he had looked back, the boy had already vanished. It took Harry a second then to get himself to walk over to his friends. "HARRY!" The two Gryffindors shouted running up to him. "We looked back and you were just gone," Hermione said worriedly. "What happened? How did you find us without a map? We were going to get Mr. Weasley and have him help—" "Calm down," Harry said. "I ran into a student from Hogwarts who had a map. He showed me the way to the water pump." "Oh, who was it?" Ron asked not seeming to care anymore now that Harry was safely back with them. "I have no idea," Harry admitted getting odd looks from both of his friends. "I asked him twice," Harry said defensively. "He wouldn't tell me." "Are you sure he was really a student?" Hermione asked nervously. "Maybe we should get back to the tent…" Harry gave a small nod and filled the pan he was holding with water. It hadn't occurred to him that the boy was lying. Maybe he was just some weird kid whose friends had put him up to it? Regardless, it was safer if they were in numbers. Besides, Dumbledore was more likely to be around Mr. Weasley and that was exactly who he wanted to see right now. (TBC) Would have been done earlier, but I realized I had to redo a few things to make the chapter work. Ah well, onto chapter 2 now…For those who are curious, this story will be all of book 4. I kind of hurried through the first few parts, because it was more or less the same. Harry's altered memories started after those chapters as were seen. Enjoy.