hair falling between eyes as blue as the ocean they sailed. There was no lust there, nothing cold. They were warm and open, showing only an earnest appreciation for the beauty before him. "Louis XVI wore a fabulous stone that was called the Blue Diamond of the Crown. Legend has it that around the time that he lost his head the diamond was chopped too. Shaped into one of a kind necklace called the Heart of the Ocean." Fred said. "It'd be worth more than the Hope Diamond today." Harry chuckled. "A dreadful, heavy thing. I only wore it once, but carried it around often enough; it was actually meant for my 'fiancé'." His expression darkened. "An awful farce that was." "I tracked you down through an old claim. One made in total secrecy. If you can tell us who that claimant was then we'll have all the proof we'll need to know that you are who you say." "I'd have to say it was the Parkinson family; her father if not Pansy herself." "That's right; it was for a diamond necklace which Harry Potter had bought a week before they sailed and given to his fiancée, his daughter, aboard the Titanic. Which means it had to have gone down the ship. And since that's you in that picture there and you're last one to have been wearing it-." George appeared from nowhere on the other side of Harry's chair and slung an arm around his shoulder "that makes you are best mate." "You want me to help you find the diamond?" Both twins nodded. Harry, ruefully, sighed. "The RMS Titanic was named so for a reason, boys. She's a big ship. I don't know how much help I can be." "Even an attempt is welcome." "That it is, Fred. We've even got computer-generated simulations to help orient you." "Want to see?" He grimaced, but nodded. "Very well." Albus resumed pushing the chair as they stepped into another room. "Oh, that reminds me; before we forget again Harry there were other things recovered from your stateroom if you want to see-." "No!" Both twins and Draco turned to look at him in surprise. Harry turned his head away. "I don't. Want to see them. You must understand, I… I hated it. Living like that. From the outside it was the lap of luxury but from within…" He clenched his hands in his lap, the varicose veins standing out in prominent shades of purple against the pale skin. "No matter how much money you have you can't buy happiness. And you can't ever put a price on freedom." Surprisingly it was Draco who spoke up. "We hadn't meant to upset you." "I know. Don't concern yourself." His voice shook slightly as did his hands. "That's view that simulation, shall we?" "Of course. George?" "Up in a moment, Fred." The monitor blinked on and, with a clatter of keys, an image of a computer-generated model of the ship and an iceberg appeared. "Okay, here we go. She strikes the iceberg on her starboard side and the entire hull is carved open like a Thanksgiving turkey below the waterline. As the water rises it floods the front compartments, spilling over the bulkheads which sadly only reached up to the E deck." The model had flooded and now began to sink. "Now as the bow goes down the stern goes up. It's slow at first but it gets fast fast and soon enough she's got her whole arse… Err, sorry, bum, her whole bum sticking straight up in the air. And that's a big bum. Thirty tons to be exact; should've lost some weight over the summer, eh? Anyway, the hull can't handle the weight and snaps in half to the keel." The model really was astoundingly detailed and watching it was near enough to make him sick. "Once that happens the stern falls back to level but they're still attached at the keel and the bow is sinking fast. And as it sinks it pulls the stern back vertical before detaching, leaving the stern to bob there like a Titan's buoy for about two to five minutes before it floods and goes under at about 2:20 AM. Two hours and forty minutes after the initial collision." And then there'd been the field of debris. The floating. The freezing. Pale skin burned blue. Lapis eyes hazed white with ice. Frozen solid. Frozen open. He didn't listen to the rest of what was said or see what the end of the simulation displayed. Harry was too busy trying to read his mind of the horrible image of what he had looked like after all his warmth had gone to bother. "Pretty cool, huh?" He jerked slightly, blinking away the beginnings of tears. "Thank you for that… Fine forensic analysis Mr. Weasley. But the experience of it was… Rather different." A drawn out silence in the room before Draco spoke again. "Will you tell us, Harry? About the experience?" The roguish grin. The supernaturally well-kept hair. Those endless depthless eyes. It would be worth the pain of reliving it just so that he could live and breathe again. At least for as long as the tale lasted. "I will." Harry said quietly. "But not until tomorrow. It is late and I'm old; you tire early when you're old. The story is important to me and I want to do it justice. I'm sure you understand?" "Of course." "I'll take you back to your room, grandfather." "Thank you, Albus." Harry didn't stay in his room for very long. Once certain that no one would be around to see him and with his cane in hand he hobbled out onto the deck. Feeling the cold wind on his face as he stared out across the dark waters where his beloved died alongside hundreds of others. Taking his heart with him to the bottom of the sea. "An ocean of memories," he leaned against the railing, "isn't it, Tom?"