features. She looked to the others for an explanation. Angelina stepped forward and relayed the events leading up to the injury. When she finished her story Madam Pomfrey gave Alex an exasperated look. "Seemed like a good idea at the time." Alex grumbled. The pain from his injuries were startin to sink in. The mediwitch seeing Alex's growing discomfort fished a small vial of pain reduction potion out of her pocket and helped Alex drink it. "I seem to remember a 'good idea' from last year about a shortcut from the second floor to the green houses. If I recall correctly it ended up much the same as your recent bit of ingenuity. Now come on let's get you to the hospital wing." Madam Pomfrey flicked her wand at Alex and levitated him up and they headed up to the castle. Katie watched as Alex was levitated away. "For not really knowing how to fly he certainly flew really well for only having had practice this morning," She said to Harry. "What are you talking about?" Fred and George had over heard Katie's coment. "Alex has been flying with us since our second year he's great at it." "Then why did he ask Harry and I to help him with his flying this morning?" "Don't know, you would have to ask him." "I think I have an idea why" Harry said under his breath. When the others looked at him he shrugged it off. "I'm going to ask him about it." He said grabbing his broom and headed to the locker room. "Why did you do that?" Harry asked a bit angrily. "Do what?" Alex was a bit surprised at Harry's anger. The dark haired boy had barged into the hospital wing and immediately set upon Alex. "Why did you ask Katie and I to help you with your flying if you already knew how to fly?" "I wanted a warm up and when I saw Katie I though maybe two birds with one stone so I asked her so you could get some time together?" Alex shrugged. Madam Pomfrey had mended the fractured ribs and set and bound his leg in a cast. With some bone knitting potion he would be out of the hospital wing after twenty four hours of mandatory bed rest. "Did something bad happen?" "No." "Did you two talk once you had some alone time?" Harry nodded, "We talked about some things while we walked together." "And?" Harry looked confused, "'And' what?" "Did you enjoy yourself?" Harry though back to how Katie had held his hand while they walked back up to the castle and felt his face flush a bit. Alex laughed at him, "I'll take that as a yes then. So if you got to spend time with the girl you have a crush on, had fun doing it, and I saw the way you both were smiling. I don't see why it's a problem. I mean yes I kind of forced you to confront your feelings for her but you have dealt with so much worse. Besides, your strength isn't in planning somthing out but living in the moment." Harry sat there in silence thinking over what Alex had said. "You're right. Sorry I yelled at you." "Hey no problem, it's what friends are for." Alex said. "Can I count on you to not do something like that again?" Harry asked. "Can't make any promises." Harry sighed and bid Alex a good night as he left the hospital wing. Alex spent the night in the hospital wing and was released around lunch the next day by a reluctant Madam Pomfrey. Alex was surprised to learn that the Durmstrang students arrived just before dinner the previous night. The students of Durmstrang had apparently decided to sit at the Slytherin house table during meal times. With how many bore surly and unwelcoming expressions it wasn't a great loss to Alex. The Gryffindors congratulated Alex on making the quidditch team, most of them anyway. Ron was still taking his performance at the tryout rather hard and had, it seems, not spoken with anyone on the team. This of course included his supposed best friend Harry Potter. Ron's cold attitude towards Harry had driven him closer to the rest of the team and his other friend Hermione who had made it her goal to bring her two friends back together. Alex took his place at the table across from Fred and George. "Hey there Alex, Pomfrey let you out early for good behavior?" They greeted. "Miracle worker that woman" Alex said grabbing a sandwich from the tray that had appeared. "Too right." Harry agreed. "Noticed the Slytherin table has a few additions," Alex said. "Durmstrang arrived last night," George said "Their headmaster is that greasy git that's sitting next to Snape," Fred added. "His name is Igor Karkarof or some such. He told his students to sit with the snakes." George continued. "Looks pretty chummy with Snape," Alex observed. "Looks like they use the same pot of grease for their hair." Harry quipped causing a round of laughs. The Gryffindors spent the rest of the afternoon in the common room discussing quidditch and the tournaments to come. When Alex went to bed that night he had no idea that his life would change the very next day. Authors Note There you go my first ever chapter. I have gone over it a few times to smooth out the wrinkles and try to fix spelling errors and punctuation but im sure there are some that I missed. Please leave some feed back to let me know how I might better my writing so future chapters are more enjoyable. I can't promise timely updates yet as I only have two chapters (Chapter two is in editing stages) at the moment and some traveling to do so the third chapter may not find its way until the end of January. I hope everyone had Happy Holidays :) K. Raiden