my broom." He reached into his pocket and produced some slightly flattened owl-treats he still had in there form the train-ride. Hedwig took them happily. Harry was relieved when he finally made his way to Privet Drive. His things were so heavy he wasn't sure he could drag them any further. Only now he'd forgotten to put a feather-light charm on it back at Hogwarts. Then again his head had been so full and occupied with more important matters than his trunk. Now he regretted it slights. Just thinking of having to heave it up the Dursleys stairs with Aunt Petunia looking at him like a hawk so he wouldn't scratch the walls or stain the carpet while doing so, he had to suppress a groan. Arriving at Nr. 4 he looked at Hedwig. "Come on girl. You know they don't like it if I let you out of your cage. Don't worry; I let you out as soon as I can." With Hedwig in the cage he carefully rang the bell. Although it was late the house was still alight and he could hear the television from the living room. Then he could see the tall and thin outline of his aunt making her was towards the door. When the door opened Harry sat on a polite smile and said: "Hello Aunt Petunia. How was your year? Mine was great." Petunia Dursley just looked at her nephew with horror and disgust. "You…you dare to come back here?" she hissed. "After everything you have done?" "Well it is the place I live. I have nowhere else to go." Harry said slowly. But not for long anyway , he added in his head. His aunt gritted her teeth. "You little freak!" she hissed and pulled him harshly inside. "Do you know what you have done? How far you've gone? Enough is enough." She pulled herself up to her full height and said: "Why else do you think we didn't come to pick you up? We don't want you here anymore." Although Harry had already guessed so and knew that the Dursleys hated him he still couldn't help the feeling of pain and hurt in his chest. It was stupid to feel so but the harsh words still cut through him. "I'm sorry. But she started it, she baited me. Accidental magic can't be controlled." "You think that justifies anything?" his aunt shrieked. "Honey? What's the matter?" Vernon Dursleys voice suddenly boomed from the living room. "The freak dared to come here Vernon." Aunt Petunia called back. It was nearly funny how fast the stomping sounds that were Uncle Vernon's foot-steps approached the hallway. When his massive form appeared in the door to the living room, Harry flinched at the expression on his face. It was more than angry. It was murderous. "You." He growled. "Me." Harry said weakly. He couldn't muster eth strength for his usual cheek. He was tiered and emotionally drained. The truth on how much his aunt and uncle actually hated him just sank in deeper. "What do you think you're doing here?" Vernon asked, his giant moustache quivering. He looked even more like a tusk-less walrus. "Please. I'm sorry for what happened the last time I was here but it was not entirely my fault. But I have good news. This is the last summer I will spend here. My godfather turned up. He's agreed to adopt me. All I ask is for you to let me stay for a few weeks before I'm off to the Burrow." Harry hated how weak he sounded. Since when did he let what the Dursleys said go under his skin? Begging them to let him stay… "Never. Enough is enough. There was a line. You crossed it and now you must face the consequences." Vernon said his eyes full of barely concealed glee. "But…all my stuff…" Harry tried. "I suppose you can get them. It's not like we want them or anything else that reminds us of you in our house." Petunia sneered, arms crossed before her chest. "Thank you." Harry muttered. "Well, go on then boy, you have two minutes. Then I don't want to have to see your face ever again." Vernon growled. Harry hurried up the stairs into his room. There wasn't much in the room that was his anyway. In a spare backpack that he found under his bed he stuffed the pictured of his parents, the photo-album Hagrid had given him, his Gryffindor-flag and most of his cloths as well as the blanket he'd been wrapped din as a baby when he'd been left on the doorstep of this very house, which he was no being forced to leave. The blanket had grown with each year that Harry had grown. He guessed it was part of some magic that it had been exposed too. "Hurry up boy!" came the shout from downstairs. Harry flew down the steps. This was ridicules. He was thirteen. They couldn't throw him out. Should he contact Sirius? But what could he do? He was at the Ministry and couldn't just leave yet. And besides, Harry didn't want to load this on him too. And he didn't want him to think that he couldn't take care of himself. Back to the Leaky Cauldron? Probably the best idea in his current situation. Maybe he could contact Professor Lupin. The man was like his honorary uncle. He thought about contacting Ron but threw the idea aside. He didn't want to ruin their holidays. The Weasley's had enough to do as it was with seven children at home, they couldn't just take care of him through the whole holidays! He'd contact them in two or three weeks. The Leaky Cauldron it was. But that meant… "Hedwig, you might as well fly there. I don't want you barfing up all over the bus." He said. More of Ernie's mad driving. Which joy. Sighing Harry summoned the Knights bus a second time in a few hours.