A week later Severus won a major contract from a large portions supply chain and decided to take himself out to dinner to celebrate. There was only one fancy restaurant in the small town, but Severus avoided public eateries like the plague so he had yet to try it out. When he came in the hostess showed him to an empty table near the back of the place. He had brought one of his new books with him and, after ordering, he quickly disappeared into its pages. He was jostled out of his reading by the sound of a familiar voice behind him asking the waiter very detailed questions about the wine menu. After listening in amusement for a few minutes, he turned around in his chair to rescue the poor waiter who had begun to sweat at the inquisition. "She'll have a glass of the Chateau Latour," he said, giving the waiter an appreciated excuse to flee back to the kitchen. The curly-haired witch in front of him looked up and a brilliant grin lit up her face. She laughed as she spoke. "Spoilsport. A few more seconds and I would have had him." "Why Miss Granger, I surely didn't know you had a sadistic side," he said in clearly-feigned horror, eliciting another giggle. "Why Severus, I didn't know you had such a poor memory…" she said, emphasizing his name. He sighed dramatically. "Well then, Hermione , would you like to join me? It appears we are both eating alone, and I fear I owe you at least one dinner for fixing that abhorrent bell of mine." He gestured to the empty chair across from him. She nodded cordially and gathered up her purse to move tables. He wondered just when it was she had grown up and how Ronald Weasley had been such a fool for letting her go. They continued accidentally (and not so accidentally) bumping into each other as spring turned to summer. He would show up at her shop midday and accompany her to lunch, she would show up with muggle carry out around closing time and they would eat on the floor while experimenting with different ways to mix potions and charms, patenting more than one revolutionary new product and adding sizably to their respective vaults at Gringotts. Each time they met he became more and more enchanted by the young witch. He made friends with her horde of familiars, learned that she didn't like olives, and found out that she had been the cause of his missing boomslang skin way back when. More surprisingly, he divulged personal information the likes of which he would never have given up under threat of the cruciatus curse in his past life. They discussed everything from their shared hatred of the Ministry, the night terrors that came from living through dark revels and being tortured in Malfoy manner (respectively), and what would have been the best hex to use when she found Ron Weasley and a vapid blonde with her ankles in the air. She came to him crying the night she couldn't find Crookshanks and she was the first person he told when he beat out St. Mungos' potions department for a major potions contract with the Americans. The only thing that worried him was the nagging feeling that he wouldn't be able to go back to his former, solitary life should she ever disappear. One day she was sitting sprawled out in the plush chair she had permanently claimed in his library when he realized she hadn't turned a page in quite a while. He looked up from the paperwork he had been doing at his desk to find her staring at him intently. "Something wrong, Hermione?" Her eyebrows knitted themselves further into a worried line. "I got asked out yesterday." His quill fell to the desk and he stood up, though he couldn't quite find the words as to why. "What did you say?" She had shut her book and was now sitting at attention. "I'm not sure I want to tell you." His stomach dropped. "And why would that be?" Time stood still. "Because I'm afraid that if I tell you it will ruin our friendship and I very much enjoy our friendship." Severus took a deep breath and resolved to be the bigger man despite the urge to find out the bugger's name and ensuring his body parts were scattered across the Atlantic before he could actually take Hermione on a date. "I guarantee that no matter what you said, you will not lose me as a friend." He couldn't help but sneer slightly at the last word. He watched Hermione steel herself and inhale deeply. "If you must know, I told him that I couldn't because I was already in love with another man." She waited for the knut to drop with her eyes squeezed shut. Her eyes snapped open as she heard him rushing towards her, just in time to see his lips come crashing into hers. She stood up to meet him as he pulled her face to his. Her body curved to fit his as his hand wove itself into the back of her bushy curls. He heard a small groan escape her lips as his other hand came to rest on the small of her back. As was so often the case when they were together, time stood still for Severus as ravaged her mouth, letting her know without words exactly what he thought about her going on a date with anyone but him. One year later, on the main street of the small town of Presteigne, the sun set on two stores on opposite corners of the main road. Both were closed while the owners were on their honeymoon. As the sleepy town began to close down, a passerby noticed that both storefronts showcased newly-painted identical signs. Both stores now featured insignia that read "Granger and Snape's Books and Brews, see across the street for more".