look sincere. "You don't have to apologize Harry, it was understandable to be upset" Harry nodded before he proceeded "I wanted to ask how my summer would look like. I know I have to go back to the Dursleys" "That is true. And because of the amplification of the treat, I'm afraid this will have to be for the entire summer" Harry let his head hang for a moment so it would look like he felt defeated before he spoke "I understand headmaster, but could I ask you a favor" "If it is reasonable, I will comply with it Harry" "I would like to be left alone this summer. I need time to think about S.. I need time to think about things, but I don't want anyone to see me go through it" "Could you give me a minute to think about this" the headmaster asked. Harry nodded and not much later he felt the headmasters probe in his mind. Thankfully for the few lessons he had gotten from Tonks, the protection spell he had applied and the fact that Dumbledore didn't expected this, he led them to see the moment Sirius fell in the veil, over and over again. After a minute of this, Dumbledore left his mind and thought for a moment while his eyes twinkled even more than usual "I see no problem with that request, under two conditions" Harry plastered his face to look like what he hoped was a hopeful smile before the headmaster proceeded "I want you to carry a portkey with you at all times and I want you to take an oath that you won't leave the premises of privet drive 4" Expecting this, Harry said "I can agree to that sir, thank you. What does this oath imply?" "Since the nature of the oath, I will make sure you will get warned when you are about to leave the premises and that you can leave in an emergency. If you break the oath, you can lose your magic" the headmaster explained. "And how do we do so?" Harry asked. "I will outline the specifics of the oath, while we are holding each other's hand, after that you have to say, I, your name, promise on my magic and my life that, and you insert what you promise" "So I have to say that I promise to stay on the premises of privet drive 4 while I stay with my relatives this summer?" Harry asked. "I think that would be correct, are you ready?" the headmaster asked. Harry nodded, so Albus held out his hand so Harry could take it. Waving his wand of their hands, a silvery rope appeared over their hands "I, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, witness and receiver of this oath, agree on the terms that Harry James Potter will be warned before he breaks his oath and can break it in a case of emergency" "I, Harry James Potter, promise on my magic and my life that I will stay on the premises of privet drive 4 while I stay with my relatives this summer" The ropes around their hands disappeared and they could both feel the magic set into place. Before Dumbledore said something, he waved his hand over a pendant "This is the portkey I made for you, you only have to hold it and say 'aegis' before it will be activated" "Thank you sir, I just want to be alone while I try to come into terms with what has happened. It's hard to do so here, because Ron and Hermione try to force me to talk about it" Harry said. "I'm glad we came to this understanding Harry" Dumbledore said. "Me too professor, but how can I know that you will keep to your word? Since I gave you mine." "If you wish, I can give you my oath to it" Dumbledore said, but without a twinkle in his eyes. "That wouldn't be necessary sir, I just… It's just hard to know who I can trust these days, after what happened" Harry said, trying to look so sincere as possible. Dumbledore got his twinkle back. "I promise on my magic an my life that I will not put any guards on Harry James Potter this summer, except in the occasion if he needs to be escorted away from his relatives" Harry had to try and bite back his smile and said "Thank you professor, that means a lot to me" "I understand that you have trouble trusting people, but know that you can always come to me or contact me if you have any problems" Dumbledore pressed. Harry nodded "Again thank you sir" and he left Dumbledore's office. Harry was extremely glad with how everything had went, it was even better than he had expected. At the same time, Dumbledore was extremely happy too. He was sure that Harry would dwell on Sirius' death during the summer and he was confined to privet drive 4. He even didn't need to put people of the Order to keep him safe. At the end of the summer, he would collect Harry and make sure he was the one to help him with Sirius' death, so Harry would trust him again. Back at the room of requirement, he activated the mirror again and Tonks' face appeared after a minute. "Sorry for the waiting, I wasn't decent" and she winked to him. Blushing Harry told her how it went at the headmaster's office. "I almost wished I could see his face at the end of the summer when he realizes that his plans bit him in the ass" Tonks chuckled. "I know, he even made it easier than expected for me to escape and giving me time to do so during the summer" Harry smiled. "Try and spend some time with your friends tomorrow, I'll see you in two days when we put our plan into action" Tonks told him. "Ok, thanks Tonks" "Your welcome Harry"