use magic," Lily began, her voice low as both girls leaned in. "He's evil, and he has a lot of followers, and most of the followers were also in Slytherin house." "Does he kill people?" Rose asked, her eyes wide and her voice equally low. "They think so, but it's hard to know for sure because no one wants to make him mad by accusing him of it," Lily explained. "But everyone says he does." "Does Severus follow him too?" Rose asked, frowning in concern for her sister. "No," Lily said, brushing off the question as she straightened in her seat. "He's much too young." Her voice shook as she spoke though, and Rose understood that Lily was afraid her friend would become a follower. "Oh, we got a dog while you were away," Rose said, changing the subject again. "His name's Philip, after the Duke of Edinburgh. Petunia named him," Rose added with an eye roll. "What kind is he?" Lily asked excitedly. The girls had been begging their parents for a dog for years, even Petunia wanted to have one, and they had finally relented on Rose's birthday a couple weeks previously, though they specified that he was to be a family dog, not just Rose's. "He's a black lab," Rose said, grinning. "He's still a puppy though, so he's quite small." She didn't mention that the puppy liked to sleep on her bed the most, or how Petunia had decided, within a week of getting the dog, that she no longer wanted it because it was too messy. Rose was the one who took him to the park and walked him and fed him and cleaned up after him. The remainder of the car ride passed quickly with Rose telling stories of what the puppy had gotten up to recently, and Lily telling stories about her time at school. "I can't believe you are starting finishing school tomorrow," Lily said, watching Rose from across the room as she brushed out her long blonde hair and began to braid it. Rose had protested when her mother first brought up the finishing school. She didn't want to go to the same place Petunia went, even though the older girl was already finished with school. Girls at St. Magnus's Finishing School were expected to be quiet and proper and well behaved. Rose didn't want to be any of those things, especially since Petunia had taken to giving her pointers on how to behave, continually pointing out all the things Rose did that were 'unladylike'. Unfortunately, at fifteen, Rose didn't really have much of a choice on where to go. She could either finish secondary school this year and stay at home, or continue on to finishing school. Petunia was engaged to be married now, but not until the next year, and Rose had decided that going away for school would be much better than sitting at home listening to Petunia go over wedding plans. "You're one to talk," Rose said, smiling at her sisters reflection in the mirror she sat in front of. She tied off her braid and coiled it at the back of her head and began to pin it up neatly. "Tomorrow you're leaving too. It's your last year, are you excited?" "Very," Lily said, smiling as she leaned against the wall across from the vanity to watch Rose. "Professor Slughorn thinks I have a real knack for potions. He said that he could pull some strings and get me a summer internship at St. Mungos, and then if they like me I could train to become a healer." "Summer internship?" Rose asked, her voice carefully even, not betraying any of her emotions, but Lily could see through that. "Oh Rose," she said, sighing as the blonde girl began to put on a light layer of makeup over her eyelids. "You know we can't live together forever. When I'm done with school I'll get a proper job and move into the wizarding world somewhere." "I know," Rose said, looking down for a moment, then she sighed and went back to her makeup. "I just hoped you wouldn't want to move out till after I was done with school." "I know," Lily said, moving behind her sister to tuck in a stray hair. "But you're the youngest, and mum needs you. You know how lonely she'll be when Tuney gets married and leaves, now that dad is gone." Their father had passed away the previous summer, from a heart attack. It had been very sudden, but the doctor said that it was bound to happen sooner or later because the valves in his heart were weak. Lily had almost stayed home from school that year, but Rose, and their mother, had insisted they would be okay. Petunia had disagreed, loudly, which had resulted in a row between Lily and Petunia that Rose had feared would keep Lily away this summer as well."I'll miss you," Rose said, setting down the powder she had been brushing over her cheeks. "I'll always be an owl away," Lily said, patting the top of Rose's head. "You'll come back and visit though right?" Rose asked, her voice wavering a little. "Of course I will," Lily said, grinning. "So often you'll get sick of me." "That will take a while," Rose said, chuckling. The door burst open then, flinging against the wall with a bang, and Lily was almost knocked to the floor by the large black lab that ran into the room, tail wagging furiously as he licked Rose's face. The girls both laughed and Rose pushed the dog off her lap back to the floor. "Girls!" Their mother called from below. "Tea is ready." "Be right down, Mum," Lily called, laughing as Rose pushed the dog off her lap for a second time and made to stand. "Come on Philip," Lily called to the dog, who followed the two girls out into the hallway. "After tea we can go to the park."