were both potions prodigies and could often be found down in their respective labs discovering the secrets that came out of their dark cauldrons. Antonius had gone to Durmstrang much to the disappointment of his cousin who had wished that the two would attend Hogwarts together. Over the years however, the two still kept in close contact, especially after Severus's home life had taken a disastrous turn. Antonius knew all about the childhood of his cousin and would often offer him a safe haven from enduring his father's wrath. In turn he also knew all about Lily and how the redhead had broken his cousin's heart again and again. "Is the invitation to visit still open Antonius?" The potions master replied instead of replying directly. "Of course it is! You know you are always welcome here. Why just the other day mother was telling me how long it's been since she has seen you." Severus managed a small smile, but his heart was lightened by his cousin's words. Yes it was indeed time for a holiday, a very long one. He returned to his bed and retrieved the two suitcases lying on the top of the blanket, before turning back to the fireplace to face his cousin. "Then I think that this time, I will be accepting it," he said and the grin on his cousins face grew even wider. "Excellent, the house elves will have your room prepared for when you arrive. When will you get here?" "Within the hour," Severus replied. "I'm long overdue for a holiday and it will be a monumental relief to be away from England." Ω several months later... Lily Potter was lying on a bed in the examining ward at St Mungo's hospital. Her breathing was shallow but she was trying to be as quiet as possible lest her husband James hear. He was sitting on a chair a few feet away. His arms were crossed, and his eyes were closed as he waited patiently for the healer. Lily turned her face away from him and looked out the window at the bright sunshine. There was nothing wrong with the pregnancy, she told herself. It was just a routine checkup to make sure that the baby was healthy. There was nothing wrong. There was nothing wrong. There was nothing wrong. The door opened and the healer walked in, still wearing the customary blue robes that befitted their station at St Mungo's. Immediately upon seeing the healer, James got to his feet and looked at her expectantly. The witch gave him a smile as he went over to stand beside his wife and took her hand. "Is everything alright?" Lily asked, her voice clouded with anxiety. In answer to her question, the healer pulled a chart out from the folds of her robe and examined it carefully before turning and fixing the anxious witch and her husband with a smile. "Everything is better than alright," the healer said looking up from the chart again. "Congratulations, you are having twins." James had to grab the back of the chair in front of him to keep from stumbling and Lily just gaped at the healer her mouth opening and closing like a fish. "Twins," James choke out finally. "Are you sure?" The healer nodded. "A healthy set of twins, a boy and girl. Congratulations." "Did you hear that Lil?" James asked barely able to raise his voice above a whisper. "We're having twins." The redheaded witch risked a glance at her husband, fearing that he would be angry or at the very least overwhelmed. But a grin was slowly spreading across his features splitting his entire face. When the healer finally left, after telling Lily that she could change behind the curtained off area of the room, James grabbed her hand as she sat up on the bed. "I can't believe it Lil," he said in a hushed whisper. "We're going to be parents, and not just of a boy or a girl, but of twins!" Lily gave him a weak smile as she got up off the bed and walked to the curtained off area to put her robes back on and change out of the hospital ones. As she shut the curtain and hid herself from her husband, Lily had to resist the urge to shed tears. So far she had managed to keep the secret, but the fact that she was having twins had rocked her world. She rubbed her belly slowly thinking through the possibilities of the future. She had been strangely fortunate these last few months. She had kept her face curiously expressionless, never giving too much away and James had been too happy when she told him she was pregnant to ask any questions. Lily looked down at her rapidly growing belly. Her fears had calmed somewhat after the first few months, and after her disastrous wedding night, she had determined that her child would not suffer for her mistakes. The fact that she was having twins threw into sharp relief the fact that this secret needed to be more well-guarded then ever. She didn't regret the two lives growing inside of her, but she did feel sad for the choices that had brought them into this world, but the blame for that rested with her. Her children would never know what she had almost done in a moment of weakness, she didn't even know what had come over her all those months ago, but whatever it was, it hadn't been Lily Evans. She was determined to give her children as much love and care as she could, and she knew James would do the same. These little lives were innocent and she swore that they would stay that way. As the witch dressed herself, she affirmed once more that she would tell no one. That she would take this secret to her grave. No one would ever know that James Potter was not the father of her children. Ω