when he showed up the kid flung himself at him and said he'd messed it all up somehow. He'd been apparating away from Vicki because she was babysitting and he didn't need a babysitter but somehow he turned her into a baby. We get him calm and there is a knock on the door and there's Hermione with this rueful smile and she holds out her arms and her son runs to hug her, saying it was an accident and he was sorry and asking why dad and uncle Bill, Charlie and I, were acting so weird and saying he's sorry he turned Victoire into a baby. She tells him he's jumped back in time a bit is all and her and daddy aren't married yet. Then she grins at Charlie and winks and they both disappear with a pop, only thing left is the smell of Lilacs and a bit of silvery dust and a very freaked out Charlie, me and Fleur." Bill explained. "We of course thought it was a joke but Hermione didn't look twice at us a few days later when we were at the Burrow for Sunday dinner and Ron was telling how the two of them were in Greece all week tracking some Death Eater and they're engaged!" "Yes but Charlie and Hermione?" Ginny frowns at him. "I know." Bill huffed, "It's insane but I swear to Merlin it happened and Charlie's been going crazy since and then when you called off the wedding today he really freaked, I mean he was freaking because he thought he'd have to stop the wedding or his kid would be unmade or something but wasn't really sure it had really happened at all and if it did if she'd forgive him so he wanted me to do it and what the hell reason would I give? Of course what the hell reason would he give? Then you said they called it off and he was relieved and totally freaked out." "Sort of like you?" Ginny snorted at her older brother. "Yeah." Bill agreed rubbing his face, "Only worse." "Eet will all be vine." Fleur reassured him rubbing his back. "Hermione and Charlie." Harry sighed sitting back. Ginny frowned at shook her head, "It's just to weird and how the hell did the kid come back in time." "Hugo is a bit special." The voice startled them more than the purple flames of the floo as she stepped out of the fireplace. "Hugo?" Harry eyed her. "My son." Hermione smiled at them, "Mine and Charlie's, our daughter, Rose visited me today. I never did figure out what she saw at Hogwarts to freak her out about me and Ron on some stone after so many years and make her come back, I'll have to ask her at Christmas holidays." Ginny squeaked and they all turned to look at her, "A rock in the new wall by the bridge?" Hermione shrugged and Ginny blushed, "I might have put your names, mine and Harry's to, in little hearts during the rebuilding last month." Hermione laughed, "Really?" Ginny nodded, "We were all just engaged and the rebuilding of that place, I mean, it just, so much happened there. It was silly." "I think it was sweet." Hermione smiled at her. "Plus she stalled the wedding long enough Ron came inside, who knows what would have happened if I made it down the aisle. We would have freaked out in the middle of it or heavens forbid actually married!" She laughed. "Charlie was going to stop it." Bill told her. Hermione nodded with a chuckle, "Of course, my little Hugo. I bet poor Charlie about near had a heart attack. He's such a contented bachelor." "Yeah." Bill nodded with a snort, "Threw all of us for a loop." "Well tell him not to worry so much. He still has a long time. Well actually please don't, I've come to obliviate him, and me actually, well Harry's gone to obliviate me." She smiled warmly at her best friend. "I know I can trust you to keep this little time blip a secret, all four of you but I really must protect the future and things have to happen the way they're supposed to between Charlie and I." "How's that?" Hermione laughed at Ginny and shook her head, "Oh no, you four know to much already." There is the sound of someone apparrating and then a knock on the front door. Hermione grins at them and opens it to a shocked looking Charlie but her spell is silent as her wand flicks to him and then she's back in the fire place with a chuckle and wave at the four others before the purple flames take her off again. Charlie is dazed for a moment longer before frowning at them, "Hell of wedding that was." He grinned at Harry and Ginny, "Congratulations by the way." "Thank you." "Now tell me what you know?" He shoved the door closed and went to sit. "Honestly," Ginny held up her hands, "I haven't a clue where they've gone or what they were thinking." "Me neither." Harry shrugged. "Best thing though really." "Definitely." Bill agreed with a nod as he bit back a smile. Charlie frowned between them, "Fine don't tell me. I'm heading back to the reserve. Gin, let me know about your wedding plans so I can get the time away early, and congrats, Harry might be the only wizard in the world we'd agree is good enough and thus don't need to make disappear as dragon food." "Not unless he hurts her." Bill agreed with a nod. "Non," Fleur shook her head with a smile, "I do not believe 'arry ever could." "And if he did I'd take care of it myself." Ginny huffed, fingers to her wand. "I love you remember." Harry tells her taking her hand to hold it, away from her wand. "And I love you." She tells him with a kiss.