her mind as she felt Bellatrix slide three fingers into her. Bellatrix didn't wait long to start pumping furiously in and out of her. Hermione briefly asked herself if it was normal to cum quicker each time, but the thought passed as she did just that. She came and her arms collapsed under her and she moaned loudly into the blankets. But it seemed Bella was not satisfied with this and she kept driving into her adding a fourth finger, Hermione got back on her hands and parted her legs to tried to take in as much of her hand as possible. She gasped as she felt the older woman starting to insert her thumb in her as well, and yelped as she felt not just a thumb but an entire hand settle inside her. Hermione had never thought she could be filled so fully, it was slightly painful but good. She tried to push against the stilled fist but a strong arm kept her hips from moving. "Please…" "Please what?" "Please Bella…" She felt Bellatrix grin against her back. "Please Bellatrix, fuck me…" Bellatrix started to twist her fist in response, slowly moving it, playing with her clit with her free hand. Hermione groaned, it felt so good. She started panting as Bella's movements became a little stronger, than cried out as the hand filling her accidently came out. The pain didn't last long as Bellatrix flipped her on her back, basically groped her with two fingers inside driving them in further with thrusts of her hips. With a few more thrust Hermione screamed; "Bella!" The death eater pulled out of her lover, reaching her hand to let the younger witch, who was coming down from her high, lick her hand clean. She then guided her young lover under the sheets and collapsed into bed next to her, laying on her back to accommodate Hermione's head on her chest. Looking at the clock on the wall Bellatrix was pleased to see that 3 hours had elapsed since the girl had woken up, four hours since she had taken her. She supposed she should return her now. But as she watched the girl fall asleep with her arms around someone she was supposed to call an enemy she decided it couldn't hurt to keep her for a while longer. Wrapping her arms around her muggleborn she also let exhaustion take over. Hermione pulled herself from the darkness, awaking to more darkness, her face was buried in black curls. The muggle-born supressed the urge to laugh, Bellatrix was playing little spoon. Groaning she turned her head to look around, sunlight was filtering through the blinds. Shit. Her friends would be worried, not that she regretted this, but she would have to come up with a reasonable excuse. She stretched out in the bed, she was sore, pleasantly sore. The movement caused the waking of the woman next to her. Turning back to face her companion she let out a tentative smile. "Good morning" Bella smiled back, happy the girl was still there, she had had plenty of opportunity to escape. The witch watched the girls eyes go wide as she straddled her with a predatory smile. "Morning. I suppose you want me to bring you back home?" She said trailing her hands down the sides of Hermione face, neck and chest pressing lightly on the many bruises she had left then skirting her hands over breast and hardening nipples. Hermione grinned and stretched out a second time understanding the not so subtle hint. "They can wait a little bit longer." She answered sitting up, taking Bella's face and kissing her. The dark witch pushed them back down settling between her legs. Bellatrix knew she had to return the muggle-born soon or face repercussions with both her friends and her master, but she was too sweet to resist one last bite. As they kissed the butterflies in her belly prompted her to rub her sex against the girl's. Hermione started to move in tandem with her lover grabbing the woman's ass and moaning into her mouth. Eventually their kiss broke as it became more difficult to breathe and maintain their pace. Bellatrix came first moaning loudly in Hermione ear and pulling her hair-that was enough to send Hermione over the edge as well. She could feel Bella bite down on her shoulder again as she came down from her high. They lay like that for a while, until Bellatrix reluctantly pulled away, although she couldn't resist one last nip at the muggleborn's lips. She crawled out of the bed and grabbed her wand on the night table to summon their clothing. "Get dressed." Hermione watched Bellatrix get dressed but didn't move for her clothes, or even get out of bed. The death eater turned looking irritated. Hermione was slightly hesitant about provoking her but wanted to see her reaction. "I didn't like that tone of voice." Bellatrix growled and tackled her, sending them both flying off the bed and crashing on the floor. Bellatrix pinned her down and licked her neck. "We don't have time for this puppy, the Dark Lord will be here in an hour or so and you don't want to be here for that." Passing her fingers through dark curls she replied; "No, you're right." She got up and dressed as soon as Bellatrix was off of her. The dark witch then wrapped her arms around her and apparated them away. As soon as they hit solid ground Bellatrix kissed Hermione, hard and disapparated without another word. And hence Bella left her, satisfied, in the field from which she was taken with a promise of more to come whispered in the air. Hermione smiled and headed back to the Burrow, not completely ready to face the myriad of questions waiting for her, especially the one about the noticeable bite mark on her throat- she guessed that was Bella's way of punishing her for originally trying to run away.