wasn't that surprised, given that it was a redwood wand. Another month of being ignored by the Dursleys saw Harry devour the books he had bought and then some. He did go on another trip to Diagon to obtain more books, among them many on magical creatures and legends. Still, despite his searching he found nothing about a 'serpent god'. Well, other than the one from central America, that he quickly discarded as it didn't match his observations. Finally September 1st was here. The Dursleys delivered Harry to the train station early, eager to be rid of him. Looking around he calmly made his way to the portal professor McGonagall had told him about. Hedwig, his owl, was already making her way north by her own power. Harry didn't know why but when he watched the snowy owl fly off he felt a slight pang of jealousy. As he approached the entrance to platform 9¾ deep in thought he collided with someone. "Oh. Sorry, wasn't paying attention." Harry immediately turned to help the girl he had collided with get up. He noticed the two adults behind her, given their visual similarity he marked them as her parents. Then he noticed the design of the trunk the girl had with her. "Oh starting a new school as well?" when the three seemed to become uncomfortable he smiled, "Isn't that a magical experience?" he smirked when the girls eyes went wide as saucers. "Hogwarts?" she whispered. "Hogwarts." he whispered back. The two children were interrupted when the man, the girls father Harry presumed, cleared his throat. "Well, that is good and all, but maybe we should get a move on? The train leaves in half an hour." "Yeah. Right this way." Harry calmly put the rather heavy trunk the girl was pulling behind her on the trolley he had and begun to walk towards the portal. The girl followed him. When her father grumbled, his wife smiled, "It was your hope that she might find some friends." "Friends, sure. Not a boy-friend." "Daniel Granger! Hermione is eleven! Besides, he does seem like a nice boy." she smiled, looking at the two kids walking a bit ahead from them, at a distance she though they didn't hear her. She was wrong. Smiling at the conversation behind him, Harry turned to the girl, Hermione. "So what do you like?" "What?" his question had definitely caught her off-guard. "What do you like? How do you spend you free time?" he tried to be as polite as possible. She cast her gaze downwards, "Books. I read books." Harry smiled. "Really? What kind?" "Well, I did just finish the Lord of the Rings." she still didn't look up. "I like those. The Hobbit, not so much." Harry continued, pleased to find another book-fan. At that Hermione did look up, "Really?" "Yeah. Being the top of my class really didn't make me any friends." Harry sighed. "I know what you mean." she sighed as well. "Really?" "Yes." Harry smirked. "Well then. I hope you won't be jealous when I beat you in class." Hermione smiled at that. "Only if you won't be when I beat you." Harry stopped and turned to face her, "Is that a challenge?" his voice was filled with mirth, Hermione had stopped and was facing him, "And what if it is?" he voice just as mirthful. The two elder Grangers exchanged a shocked look. Their daughter had never been this open with anyone her age. After a quick laugh Hermione said her farewells to her parents when Harry remembered he needed to properly introduce himself to them. Clearing his throat he stepped up to the man he knew to be Daniel Granger, "Sir, I apologize for not introducing myself earlier, but I did kinda bump into you." he extended his hand, "Harry Potter, a pleasure to meet you." he ignored the gasp behind him. Dan took in the child before him. He was certainly acting more like a polite young man than a child. And that name, Harry Potter. Hadn't Hermione mentioned it? Some sort of Wizard hero or something? He returned the handshake, "Well, Harry, a pleasure to meet you as well. I'm Daniel Granger, that is my wife Emily and our daughter Hermione." he then pulled Harry closer and whispered is his ear, "If you hurt her I will hurt you twice as bad, got it?" Harry smirked and whispered back, "Yes sir. Thank you for permission to date your daughter." Before Dan could recover from the shock the two kids had gone trough the portal. Taking in the shocked look on his face Emily smiled, "What did you do now?" "I just gave him the 'boyfriend' threat." Dan could barely whisper. Emma grinned, "Oh dear. Shall I start planning the wedding?" The look she received had her burst into laughter. Moments after entering 9¾ Harry burst out laughing. "What did I miss?" Hermione looked at him in confusion. Getting a hold on his laughter Harry managed to answer, "Oh, just a prank on your dad. Well, at least right now it was a prank." "What was that supposed to mean?" "Nothing..." Harry responded with the most innocent voice he could muster. "So, are you ok with us sharing a compartment?" he turned toward the half-empty platform, "I mean if you don't..." He never got to finish that thought. "Of course. I'm ok with us sharing that is. Let's go." Hermione grabbed hold of the trolley their trunks were on and begun to walk toward the train. She had finally found a person she just... clicked with. She never believed those soppy romance novels about 'love at first sight', but now she wasn't so sure. "Alright..." Harry smiled and followed her. He didn't know what, but there was certainly... something about this girl, Hermione, that drew his attention. He had never been an open person, preferring to keep his own counsel, keeping everyone at a distance, but now he wasn't so sure.