but apparently-" Blaise broke him off with a thoughtful look. "You're more precious than them." Draco nodded his head slowly, while Pansy gave out a loud squeal. "Seriously? But that changes everything! Oh, Draco !" "Will you shut up?" Theo snarled. "Everyone's going to hear!" There was a moment where Blaise looked like he was about to say something, but he shook his head and delved into his book again. Pansy began to argue with Theo, while Draco returned to staring into the fire with a thoughtful frown. "He saved me," he repeated in a shuddering whisper. SASSASSASSA "Are they bloody mad !?" Harry roared as he paced furiously across the Gryffindor Common Room. In a chair next to the crackling fire, Hermione sat, wrapped in a blanket with a frown on her face. "People could get hurt! The whatever-spell they were using could malfunction; then what!? Trust the mermaid to save them!? I don't think so!" Hermione looked over at him. "Harry," she whispered. "You must try and calm down. I'm fine, really." Finally sinking down into a chair, Harry breathed a heavy sigh. "I know, Hermione, but you weren't the only one there." A look of understanding flickered across Hermione's features, and she broke into a knowing smile. "You're talking about Draco, aren't you?" Harry did at least have enough decency to look sheepish. "Well… yeah… I know you weren't there to see it but he took it really bad; he was coughing and coughing and gasping after breath for a long time after I- after I saved him …" He breathed the last words quietly. "You kind of gave yourself away, Harry," Hermione said softly. Harry gave her a half-hearted glare, but quickly gave it up in favor of groaning and rubbing at his eyes. "I know," he moaned. "I know ." SASSASSASSA After the fifteenth time Harry twisted in his bed and still couldn't find a comfortable position, he sighed and slipped out of it. It was really simple to throw the invisibility cloak over his shoulders and exit the castle without anyone knowing; seriously, what was even going on with Dumbledore's wards? With a small, content smile, Harry walked over to the Black Lake. It was truly beautiful at night, with a full moon hanging over it all. There was a light breeze in the air, causing small waves and ripples to tear through the coal black water. Harry sighed happily, as he sat down with his back facing an elm tree; this was where he often went when he had troubles falling asleep at night. The place always succeeded in calming him down, and this was no exception. Well… mostly. There was this knot in his stomach that wouldn't go away; a bundle of nerves that was worried about the Third Task. Harry had no idea what was going to happen, and to be honest? He was scared. Scared for his life. Scared for his friends' life. Scared for Draco's life. God, how fucked up his life had been this last year… Harry bowed his head and balled his hands into fists as he chewed on his lower lip. What was he going to do? How was he going to prepare? How did Dumbledore expect him to survive this? Deciding that it would be easiest for everyone if he just calmed down right down, and being outside, in the open, would make that much easier. So Harry did. SASSASSASSA Harry wasn't sure for how long he'd been staring out at the lake without really thinking, when a voice called him back to reality. "They've got a word for that in Japanese, you know." Harry did not respond, nor did he turn to look at Draco. He could see him in his peripheral vision, anyways, and he absently tracked his movements as the blond haired boy sat down next to him. "It's kawaakari . It's the word for moonlight reflected in water." "I'm worried," Harry admitted after a moment in silence. "About the Tournament. I'm scared for my life." At these words, his body finally seemed to break free off the trance it had been in, and he sighed. "I'm worried about my friends." Without any warning, Harry's mind conjured a picture of Draco, lying dead and broken on the ground, and tears welled up in his eyes. "I'm worried about you- " Harry's voice broke off into a strangled half sob, and Draco's eyes widened. "Shh," he said, and shuffled closer before wrapping an arm around Harry's shoulders. "It's fine. I'm here." Harry hiccupped and leaned into the touch with a small shudder, turning his head to nuzzle Draco's shoulder. "I'm fine," Draco whispered. "I'll be fine, Harry. Everything will be fine, you'll see," he added, and planted a soft kiss to the top of Harry's head. It didn't take long for Harry to calm down. There was something about the sharp contrast of a warm body and cold night air against his skin that forced his frayed nerves to relax and his heartbeat to calm. "How did you find me?" Harry asked after a while, his voice muffled by Draco's shoulder. "I was worried, actually. About you." Harry snorted, and pulled back a bit so he could smirk at the other boy. "That explains why you weren't sleeping, not how you found me." Draco rolled his eyes, and Harry put his head back down on his shoulder. "Fine. I went up to the Astronomy Tower and saw you sitting here." "Hmmm…" Harry narrowed his eyes. "Fine. I'll believe it." Draco laughed, and it was the most beautiful sound Harry had ever heard. His heart did that funny little thing again, and he smiled a small, happy smile. "You know I love you, right?" Harry whispered. Draco shuffled them around a bit, so that they were facing each other under the elm tree, in the light of the moon. "I know," Draco said, quietly, and pressed their lips together in a soft kiss. fin