family, even the familial magic dictated so." Orion said bashfully. "Hear, Hear." Alphard smiled. "Dear, what have I told you? You must never be so modest about your great gifts. To think that one of our lines has been blessed with Salazar's tongue." Cassiopeia Black fussed over her. "Parseltongue is a fairly common trait among the colonies, my dear aunt. Indians and Greeks specifically have an affinity to it. It is rare but not all together unique." Cordelia corrected her aunt, still not doing away with her small smile. She noted that all the Slytherins still going school had a sort of tension in their shoulders. " They must be thinking of Riddle ," she thought. " He must have bound them in an oath of sorts otherwise they would have revealed his status to the family ,"she realized. Dorea chuckled lightly, "You dear sister, never fail to be charming and yet have the foremost knowledge of everything." "This does not leave the family. It is an honor, whether you take it so or not Cordelia, but an appropriate time to reveal certain truths is to be kept in mind. I leave the decision on you Cordelia, about when you feel safe enough to reveal abilities since you have always demonstrated that you have a good head on your shoulder. But I must ask you, all of you to be cautious. We do not want you to come under Grindelwald's radar. He may be a 'dark' lord but mindless killing and forceful propaganda is not helping the cause of dark side in anyway. We will refrain from being active in his shenanigans. Is that clear?" Arcturus instructed everyone. Everyone nodded solemnly. Walburga may not like her, but even she bowed down to the head of house and pure logic. It wasn't until late in the party that she heard the name Riddle again. Her cousin Abraxas (from her mother's side) and Orion were whispering furiously. She collected that they had sent Riddle an invitation and that he could not make it due to his accommodations. She could not hear more as her father pulled her aside to inform her about her acceptance in Hogwarts. She was surprised but apparently her immaculate academic record was enough. Though she was sure that the names of Black and Malfoy carried a lot of weight as well. She grinned. She was on the other side of the spectrum now, a dark witch, born out of two families that she thought were bigoted fools. She realized that wasn't so. They were tender when they should be. They loved and cared too. Truthfully, Orion wasn't all that bad. Sure, a bit pompous and snobbish but that came with the money and social standing they had. And even she was a snob by those standards. The ill will towards muggleborns was for them being responsible for accosting the wizarding traditions, Samhain, Yule, Beltane etc. In fact, it was the light that was bring oppressive by trying to ban an entire faction of magic called the dark arts. Cordelia was not naive. As Juniper, she had realized that a lot of magic was dependent on intent. Dark was not evil, it was just hard to control and not everyone could manage that. So, people were trying to label it bad by just equating it with evil. Well, she would take the wizarding world by storm. It was late in the night when she reflected on the Riddle situation, lying in between her silk sheets. Her conclusions raised in her mind. He was a boy her age, in a way, younger than her since she was 24 when she did the dimension travel. Physically she might be 14, but she was 24 mentally. Riddle had not done anything that she could blame him for. He was not Voldemort. There was a war in muggle Britain, a world war and Riddle…Tom was forced to live in an orphanage. Church was very powerful and wizardry was considered unnatural. He may be ostracized, even exorcised and what not. The possibilities were endless. An abandoned lonely child. Did Dumbledore not see that? Of course he did not. He was never too attentive about the individual needs. He had to protect his image by continuously opposing dark, repenting for his sins with Grindelwald. It was likely that an 11 year old kid from a muggle orphanage became his punching bag. It was perhaps Dumbledore who created Voldemort, just like he created 'the girl who lived' and 'the chosen one'. She would give Riddle a chance, a real one. She would pull him back, because she in a way, understood. With that thought, sleep embraced her. This is an edited version of the chapter. It is not perfect, but it will have to do. I will be doing something similar for all chapters in the coming weeks so, be patient. A/N: This is for all the people who shy away from Mary Sues. I know it appears like one and to be honest, I thought Cordelia would be one. But she is not a typical Mary Sue. She has issues that range from anger to stubbornness to a lot of different things that appear later in the story. She will struggle, she will falter, she will cry and she is going to be a human just as much she will try to maintain the façade of perfection. Just wait till you have read all interludes before you pass judgement on her characterization. It is a story and it has some suspense and mystery. If I reveal everything in one chapter, that would be a ghastly summary. The pace should be natural. So, before you leave me any ghastly review about my character being a cardboard cutout, consider this note. I welcome criticisms as long as they are justified. I take them into account very seriously. In fact, the idea of interludes came from one person who suggested that I needed more back story for Juniper.