and Harry grinned at Ron and Ginny's gob smacked expressions as they looked at Harry, Narcissa, William and then the estate itself. Harry's appearance and his surroundings were a far cry from where he was two years prior. "Blimey Harry. You've done a complete one eighty. You're a lord now?" Before Ron could continue saying anything and before Ginny could voice her thoughts if her mouth agape expression was to go by, Arthur Weasley stepped in and clamped both his hands on his younger children's shoulders. "I think my children and wife have summed up my family's thoughts Heir Apparent Potter, even if they forgot their social graces. It is good to see you again after such a lengthy absence and if you are able, I'm sure my family and I wouldn't mind a moment to catch up. Good evening and happy birthday.""Good evening Lady Black and Mr. Potter. Thank you for inviting us and I am glad that you are being seen in public again Mr. Potter." Ron and Ginny shut their mouths, their ears turning bright red as they must have realised their social missteps and Arthur ushered his family inside. Amelia Bones and her niece Susan stood a few steps away, waiting for their opportunity to greet Harry and Harry nodded his head at the witches. Amelia Bones stepped forward and nodded her head in return. "Good evening to you too Madame Bones and Miss Bones. My presence and party here tonight has been a carefully designed affair, let me assure you and…well the night has only just begun." Amelia Bones and her niece Susan smiled amusedly at Harry's polite response but William drew attention upon himself again by holding his arms up to Harry. Harry picked up his godson and Susan tittered. "Harry, you never told us that you had such a cutie! Oh, what's his name?" "Pwetty! Pwetty!" William spoke and reached for Susan's long red hair that hung in front of her right shoulder. Harry held his godson just out of reach but everyone laughed at the little boy's antics. William squirmed in Harry's arms and Susan took pity on him by allowing him to touch her hair. William babbled unintelligibly and Susan beamed at the little boy. "Oh you're adorable! What's your name?" "I, William. That Hawry. That mummy." William's excited jabber and wildly pointing fingers caused a slight hush to fall over the small group as everyone looked between Harry, William and Narcissa. Narcissa took the questioning stares in stride, smiling proudly at William and Harry looked Amelia Bones in the eye. "I am surprised that a woman and witch of your stature wouldn't be able to recognise William Hyperion Black from the birth announcements in the news outlets. I thought no detail, no matter how small escaped the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." "Perhaps I am not surprised at seeing the youngest Black but I am surprised by the boy's attitude." "Thank you. We all try very hard to make sure William is nothing like his father or that half of his bloodline." Narcissa spoke and gently took William from Harry's arms. William fussed but settled as Narcissa whispered to him and the mother and son walked away. Susan looked put out, Amelia slightly offended but Harry grinned with a shake of his head. "Narcissa is extremely protective of her son Madame Bones and I wouldn't take any offense to her actions. I believe that William gave you something Susan before he started playing with your hair." Susan nodded and held up a gold piece of paper. Harry shook his head at her questioning glance and smiled secretively. Susan huffed and waltzed through the doors to the interior of the estate, her aunt following along behind her. "Harry James Potter!" The unmistakable shout of his best friend while in Gryffindor caused Harry to ease about as he turned around and he lost his breath as a brunette in periwinkle blue crashed into him. After taking a second to catch his breath Harry laughed and hugged Hermione back. His best friend sniffled and buried her face in his chest. "Do you think for one second that I would be happy with one letter a week for the past two years? You can't just leave me like that Harry James…" "It's good to see you too Hermione." Hermione pulled away, her eyes filled with tears and she smacked Harry's shoulder. Harry rolled his eyes and Winky, the house elf that escorted Hermione fixed the witch's makeup with a mutter. "Oh look at you. Looking so handsome and lordly. I saw you in the papers and on a couple of magical interviews with the holosphere that the Twins created." "And do I measure up in real life?" "Even better." Winky nudged Hermione and the smartest witch of their generation moved onto into the house but not before Harry handed Hermione a golden slip of paper. A moment later Narcissa reappeared with William in her arms and Harry's godson chewed on an ice toy. Harry passed a few moments of time entertaining William with a few muggle sleight of hand tricks. "Hawry, who is that?" "Who…?" Harry's question fell short as he looked down the pathway and saw the elegant Daphne Greengrass walking towards him and his mouth fell open in surprise. Daphne had always been one of the most beautiful witches at Hogwarts but since she didn't partake that much in government matters, Harry hadn't seen the witch since he left Hogwarts two years ago. "She's pwetty…" "Yes…yes she is." A/N 2: For those readers that remember or have downloaded the original version of DB & PB, you will notice quite a few changes and there will be many more to come. The first 3 chapters have been beta-read for me and I am asking for a beta-reader to help me with chapters 4,5 and 6 . If you are interested please drop a review or PM me. Ja ne. -Kaden