Hogwarts are Professor McGonogall teaching Transfiguration, Professor Flitwick teaching Charms, Professor Sinestra teaching Astronomy and Arithmancy, Professor Slughorn teaching Potions, Professor Lelandra teaching Divination, Professor Sprout teaching Herbology, Professor Hagrid teaching Care of Magical Creatures, Professor Ritter teaching Ancient Runes, and Professor St. John teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts. I frowned as I read the list of names, I haven't heard of half of these people before? Where did they come from? Frowning I banished most of the books back to their respective spots except for the most informative one which I kept in my hand. Walking towards the library exit I was suddenly pushed on the ground. Growling in frustration for myself for being unprepared for an attack I stood up and saw that my attacker was Pansy Parkinson. I grimaced at the girl, if her father was anything to go by, this girl was terrible overall at everything and atrociously annoying. The girl sauntered closer to me swaying her hips in a "Sexy" manner, "Aww did the poor little half blood fall down? How clumsy you halfbloods are, must be the muggle in you." She stated matter of factly causing my anger to rise. "So I heard that you decided you want to cast of your name and go by something else, what was it now? Moldywart? Calmdetort? I wonder what it was," she taunted. I bared my teeth at her, this girl is going to pay dearly for her comments in this world and mine. The girl had the gall to start laughing outright in my face, while I was seething in anger, attempting to control my temper. What sort of Slytherin can't control a few silly emotions? Pansy laughter was soon cut short as a sharp voice rang out through the library, "That is enough Pansy." The silly girls eyes widened and her head turned in the direction of the voice, her lips trembling when she spoke, "But-But my lord! He's a filthy halfblood who doesn't deserve to live! He-" The voice came closer as if its speaker was walking down the aisle through the shelves of books, "Yes my dear Pansy he is. But he is also a Slytherin and I'm quite sure by now that you are able to remember the first rule of being a Slytherin?" Pansy mumbled something incoherent. "Ah I'm afraid that I couldn't here that, you see my hearing isn't that good maybe if you could speak up?" The voice stated condescendingly. "Slytherin's stick together!" Pansy shouted . "Ah yes, well it seems as if you don't comprehend what that rule means so I suggest you go back to your room and think about it." The voice said, its owner coming into view finally. Pansy didn't move, the owner of the voice sighed, "Now, Parkinson." And the silly girl hurried out of the library leaving me alone with this "Lord" person. Looking at the newcomer my eyes widened in shock, the boy looked to be about 16 with a long narrow face, straight black hair that reached a little past his shoulders and bright green eyes. The facial features such as the cheekbones and eye shape were all very reminiscent of Lucius, but those eyes. Those were unmistakable as the eyes he had seen not 7 hours ago in another world, the eyes of "Harry Potter" I stated in shock. The boy in front of me's eyebrows rose up comically before he nervously scratched the back of his head, "well, I knew somebody would figure me out but I really wasn't expecting it to be you Riddle, or should I call you Voldemort? I guess I owe Draco 10 galleons, I had my money on Severus figuring me out since he was so in love with my mother. Oh Well, you win some, you lose some." I narrowed my eyes at the boy, why did he elicit more fear than me? This is Harry Bloody Potter for Melin's sake! Although now that I think about it the Potters were only briefly mentioned in the history books of all of them having died in a magical explosion. I started to open my mouth to respond until a blonde haired boy rushed into the room, "Alexander! The upper class Gryffindors started a fight with some first years outside near the giant's house!" The boy, Lucius' son said with anxiety filling his face. Alexander sighed and turned back to me, "Until next time Voldemort." And with that he turned and rushed out the door of the library with Draco following close behind leaving me standing alone in an empty library. Sighing I turned and headed out the door towards the Slytherin common room hoping that the diary that I always used to write in will provide me with the key information that I'm apparently missing. AN: This is basically just an idea that's been rolling around in my head for about a year, I don't know if I will ever update this but I will if there's enough support to get me reinterested back in the idea. I'm hoping that in this story I can keep at least some of the characters in character…unlike in certain other stories of mine that I won't directly mention. Anyways I hope that you guys can surmise what happened in the beginning as I hope I left it obvious enough. I'm not really sure where this story is going in general or if there is going to be a relationship, if there were a relationship it would probably be Alexander(Harry)/ Voldemort but I haven't really decided about that so give me feedback. I'm also open to any and all idea as I only have some details worked out and am in need of some plot ideas! Also if you see any general mistakes in spelling, or grammar, or in the small au portion of the fic just put it in a review and I will fix it as soon as I can! Thanks for reading! -Kaosdemon