hair colors and then took it a step further by shifting her face to match Andromeda's briefly. Andromeda looked startled, and then she smiled in relief, "I was hoping you might be willing to have dinner with me and my husband sometime in the near future. Both of you are invited of course." She added the last bit belatedly, not wanting to be rude. Dora tilted her head, and blurted out loquaciously, "Why?" "You saw my daughter?" Andromeda asked, not withholding her amused look as Harry winced at the ineloquent reply of his companion. She continued on though before Dora could reply to the question. "She's a metamorph too. We've been searching and sending letters out everywhere to try and find someone who might be able to help her learn to control it." Andromeda shook her head, "But we couldn't find a true metamorph that might be willing to help out." Dora held up her hand immediately in a stopping gesture, "You should stop sending those letters immediately. The only thing you'll do is possibly attract the attention of individuals who would want to do nothing more than kidnap her once she has gained control of her powers and do… unscrupulous things with her." "Yes, we're aware of the danger," Andromeda nodded in response, "We have been sending them out through people Albus Dumbledore knows, to help preserve a bit of the anonymity and make them go through him in order to get more information." Dora nodded, "Well, I'd be happy to talk to you and your daughter and we can kind of go from there…" Andromeda nodded, "I'll owl you with the details." She stood in a proper way that Dora always envied, knowing her own sense of balance could never allow her to pull off such a graceful move. She smoothed the wrinkled lines in her robes with an elaborate flourish, then turned to Harry and Dora, "I look forward to your response. Good Day, and thank you again." Both Harry and Dora watched her walk quickly from the bank lobby, leaving them alone for the most part. Business had yet to pick up again after the earlier attack, and by the color of the now-darkening sky, they had spent far more time inside of Gringotts than they had expected. Dora, her libido denied for most of the day after being stoked constantly, was finally ready to move forward and destroy anything that got in the way of her goal, placed an arm in Harry's and began to guide him out of the bank. The guiding lasted only a brief moment before Harry himself seemed to take control of the pace of their gait, his presence imposing its will upon her own. "Shall we get a room, Dora?" Harry asked, a definite glint in his eye that matched her own. "Certainly," she coyly responded. oOoOooOoOOoOooOoOo Author's notes: Yay! Yet another story that we've been playing around in. Taking some cliches and using them. Seeing where they go. 1)Mostly this started because Plums pretty much challenged me that I couldn't write a story that had a relationship establish itself within the first few chapters and didn't take 20 chapters to get to. So, that's part 1. It's also one of like a dozen stories that we've been distracted with, on top of WoW and classes ending then summer work and then training for work this fall. 2) Part two was making use of the cliches and such we've seen and have a bit of twist and fun with them. 3) Part 3 was that I wanted a Harry that was different than what I or Plums usually wrote. His Harry Potters are competent and generally helpful and for the most part emotionally well balanced. I've got a Harry Potter who is skilled but erratic and is Mr. Cranky McEmopants in I'm Still Here, and skilled and competent but Mr. Crazy McWTFdidyoujustdo in my HP/SW story. Thus… we are going with a darker Harry without much emo at all in him :P. Not evil. But not good either. You'll see as we go forward. He can be selfish. He clearly isn't untouched by the piece of Voldemort in him. 3) One of several things we've been working on actually. =D 4) Plums Ponderings: Harry / Fleur / Tonks. There is no quicker way to get my attention than to pair any combination of the above three together, and this story has two of them. I will however, give you some semblance of the "huh?" state of mindset that inspired this particular one. One day I login after work, check our doc space, and she has a new file there. Its simply called at the time "HP Dark", and starts with Harry being emo and Tonks yelling at him. That was it. I think it's progressed slightly from there :) 5) Alternate Chapter Titles " Tonks Trips. 'nuff said." - Harry "Funny, coming from the guy who has Voldemort's memories because he tripped." Tonks "As I said. Extenuating circumstances. I was naked and Dumbledore was walking toward me." -Harry "What do you think turned me into a dark lord?" - Voldemort. "Yeah see… if that were true I totally don't think I blame you as much then." - Harry " The Dark Lord gets Disarmed." - Harry "No." Voldemort. "See, it's funny because you lost your arm." Harry "No it's not." Voldemort. " WTF?" - Voldemort "That's not much of a title." - Puzzled Harry "But it fits all of the standard w questions so well, they're even interchangeable." - Voldemort "How so?" - Harry "WTF did you come from? WTF are you? WTF are you messing with me? Where/When, Who/What, Why?" - Voldemort " Cliche Central!" - Reviewer who has never written a story. "What's your point?" - Authors. " It will not take 20 chapters for them to sleep together." - Plums "He threatened me with mean things if I felt the need to build their relationship." - Kat.