doing anything so far. The man's thoughts however were to get rid of the glowing object as soon as possible and so he searched for the boy he hated with passion. He saw him just going through the door of the house of the red-headed servants, which in normal circumstances would earn the boy immediate punishment of thirty whips across the back... that day however Vernon Dursley had to skip that favourite way of torture to the boy, one of the few the boy had not yet managed to learn resistance to. Having his back whipped every other day at least the skin never healed properly and so he always started to cry out in pain about halfway through his punishment... Ah, how much Vernon loved torturing the teen. " Freak! Come here!" he yelled, causing the said boy to freeze on the spot, then come in rush before the Master of the house. "What is it Uncle?" Harry asked weakly, already imagining the pain which was to come. "Come with me..." Vernon said only, walking as fast as he could - which was not much - in the direction of the Mansion. As Harry walked slowly after the man he was confused. Usually the man would be already describing just how much pain he will bring to him and how much he would enjoy it... why not today? Harry's confusion grew even more when the Dursley lead him and stopped in front of Dudley's room of all. "Get in!" he ordered and Harry did just that. As the Master of the house started one-handedly searching his son's wardrobe Harry was already asking himself whether the man has finally gone mad... or maybe he suffered some apoplexy of sorts? "Put this on!" came yet another order. 'He's giving me clothes ? How weird can it get?' Harry asked himself as he started redressing. It was the first piece of clothing he got in well-over a year at least. He did not even bother voicing his protest, when it became apparent his uncle had no intention of leaving. He only turned around. Even if the shirt must have been the smallest Dudley owned it still looked too big on Harry, for he was quite a few sizes smaller than his cousin. The pants were one of the few charmed ones Dudley owned - Harry was sure there will be a quite a loud screaming fit from the boy if he was really to get them - and resized themselves on him. Same went for the shoes. As Vernon Dursley looked at him with his eyes narrowed Harry knew that the man was definitely not happy to give him the clothes. Only seeing them seemed enough for the man to beat the life out of him he was sure. What was the reason for all this however? Even as the boy was wondering he did notice the man coming closer. And soon he was standing in front of him. "Now listen, freak ..." the fat man spat out. Only at that moment did Harry notice just how tightly was the man gripping the rose he held out before his face. "Once I'll give you this you'll go away. You will not speak of what is happening here, of the treatment, of the punishments, of nothing you hear?" "Yes, Uncle." "You're from a loving family which was very sad to send you away, you get it?" "Yes, Uncle." The man seemed a bit reluctant about sharing the next information, however he did not want to risk it to backfire on him - as it would if he lied, probably - and so he said it. "Your birthday is on 31st of July." Harry stared in shock at the man in front of him. The man swore not to say the date of his birthday to him, it was one of the first punishments Harry remembered, for inquiring about the very date, in fact. How bad a situation has to be if the man is willing to share the information with him? Harry somehow cared only a bit for that at the moment however. Because knowing that piece of information he somehow felt more complete. "Yes Uncle." "Hopefully you'll be eaten by that thing." "What?" Harry however did not get an answer to that for his uncle pressed the glowing rose into his hand... and he was whisked away. ... there is a price for every wish. ... "Oh, my... here already? One would have thought the man would prolong it." were the first words Harry heard when he came to a bit. It took a bit longer before he opened his eyes though. "Where am I?" Harry asked looking around, everything being a blur as his glasses must have fallen off. And so he searched around himself, hoping that they did not crash. "In my casstle." the voice answered, dragging the "s" on a bit. "Huh? A castle?" Harry asked a bit confused as he still searched for his glasses. "Were you told anything ?" "Not much..." Harry admitted as he finally came upon the legs of his glasses, bringing them to his eyes. When he put them on he came face to face with the giant snake his uncle has met already. His reaction was however miles different from the one his uncle had. "Wow..." he whispered to himself as he reached out his hand to touch the snake, being more than fascinated by the snake's shiny scales and its deep, knowing, almost obsidian-black eyes. The creature however shifted a bit to not allow that, finding the look of wonder in the boy's eyes funny. "What is your name child?" the snake asked, the amusement a bit readable in the voice. "Harry." "So... Harry. Welcome to my castle. You may call me Severus." Woohoo~ What do you think so far? :3 Also.. a POLL on my profile (about the possibility of MPREG in the story) Review please? o(O.O)o See ya~ ( "-.-)/