time, the foods of the earth grew and multiplied to nourish all living things. In contrast to all that, the conditions on the grounds of Malfoy Manor were deteriorated. Flowers and trees that usually blossomed this time of year were withered and grey, which instilled a sense of deathly sickness that made Draco feel a lot worse than he already did. "MUGGLE PARLIAMENT DESTROYED. A NEW ERA BEGINS!" That was the front page of the Daily Prophet. The newspaper sat on the table behind Draco and he ignored the sound of its pages flipping under the force of the wind. In other news… "UNDESIRABLE #1 STILL AT LARGE" "Last sighted on the outskirts of Ottery St. Catchpole, Harry Potter is rumored to have recently been colluding with Xenophilius Lovegood: a deranged man who has written unfavorably towards the Ministry." It was eight gruelling months since that night in the cellars of the manor and Draco couldn't forget it. How could he when Thomas' face haunted him consistently? Day-in, day-out, and well into his sleep, those eyes stared up at him. They weren't the only pair of eyes that pleaded for his mercy. On some unfortunate nights throughout the year, he'd be woken up by Bellatrix, taken down to the cellar, and forced to relive that single night over and over again. Many of the victims were not as accepting as Thomas was. Toping that off with the memory of watching his former Muggle Studies professor being devoured by a giant snake, Draco believed he had liable excuses for insanity. He could no longer count how many of those nights he had. Because those horrifying experiences constantly plagued his sleep, he couldn't distinguish between what was real and what was just a nightmare. It was all a nightmare and all of it was real. Regardless of whether or not he killed someone that night, he woke up early in the morning with a cold sweat and an aching restlessness that burdened him throughout the day. Bellatrix insisted that Draco should stay home and learn rather than go back to Hogwarts for his seventh year. He was devastated when he learned that his parents had agreed. He wanted nothing more than to be away from his aunt but Lucius and Narcissa yet again chose the wrong path for him to take. Anger simmered inside him as he slowly realized that his life–this underworld of sadness and pain–was instigated by their decisions. Instigated by their ignorance and affiliations with dark witches and wizards. Every day was torture for him. Breakfast with Bellatrix: a very heavy and agonizing hour with the most sadistic and evil woman one could ever know. Lunch with Lucius and Narcissa: Draco's father unceremoniously drunk his way through the liquor cabinet while Narcissa remained poised and speechless. Afternoon tea... with nobody. The arguments Draco's parents had after lunch continued on into the afternoon and he was left alone just as he was now. Dinner with Death Eaters: the final meal of the day that always seemed to shatter Draco's wavering resolve. The most fanatical servants of the Dark Lord talked about their day and how one properly arrests, tortures, and kills a Muggle-born, half-blood, or blood traitor. Pouring through the alcohol as well, all the topics of conversation eventually narrow down to the most gruesome fantasies and acts Draco could only come up with in his very worst nightmares. Every now and then, he considered suicide. It seemed like the most logical way out of this hell on Earth and he would've liked nothing more than the bliss of leaving this world. He no longer cared and had lost all hope. Reality was a bucket of ice-cold water running down his back when he realized nobody was out there to save him. "Draco?" his mother called out from the patio doors and he turned to acknowledge her. "Yes, mother?" "Your aunt is summoning you," Narcissa voiced elegantly as she strode toward him. Bellatrix never summoned Draco during the day and so he was fretful because he didn't know what to expect. Considering her nature, he knew that whatever it was she wanted him for wasn't going to be pleasant. How right he was. Draco didn't respond and instead stood before his mother with a look on his face she barely recognized. It was the expression of a boy lost and without direction and it reminded her of how innocent he was as a child. Narcissa thought her son misplaced that innocence. When her sister spoke of the accomplishments Draco made down in the cellars of the Manor, Narcissa was devastated. For a while, she believed her son was slowly turning into a monster like so many other followers of the Dark Lord but he proved her wrong with that one look. She walked up to her son, ran her fingers gently through his hair, and gave him a warm hug. She didn't want any of this for him and he understood that because he felt her sympathy through this embrace. He was still her baby and yet he was forced to experience all this. His mother knew he didn't want the future they were giving him but they had no choice. It wasn't fair. Little did they know that what was going to happen within the next hour would change everything and significantly alter the course of the future. Not just for them, but for the world. Author's Notes: There are literally dozens of tunes in each track that will develop and convey the varying emotions of each chapter. New themes for Voldemort and Death Eaters are significantly darker than the film series' music for the sake of contrasting the cheery goodness of the early Harry Potter themes, but many similarities can still be drawn. The Malfoys also have their own themes and in the center, to tie it all together, are Draco and Hermione's Themes, which are by far the most varied and distinguishable themes of the whole story.