you I will tell her that you will be down shortly." Harry said thinking that it was all a really weird dream. "Aunt Petunia Dudley said he will be down in a few minutes. I was wondering if you could tell me where I fit into all of this I mean I know that your schooling didn't get finished and that you came back here to get away but you haven't told me yet what I got to do with this." Harry said. His aunt looked at him with such sadness that he knew that there was more to it than just what she had told him. "Well you see Harry your mother was friends with a kid in my year his name was Severus Snape. Your mother told me in our 5th year that she was madly in love with him and was going to tell him now this was way before your mother and James got together. Your mom told me the night I started dating Sirius that she was going to tell Snape that she loved him. So I covered for her with the guys. I guess they must have known that something was going to happen. It was around midnight when your mom came back looking really upset I asked her what had happened and she said that it was nothing and she didn't want to talk about it. Within a week her and James where dating and seemed so in love that no one questioned it." Harry was so shocked that he forgot how to breathe. After a few minutes of him not breathing Petunia slapped him on the back lightly to get him to realize that he wasn't breathing. "So you're telling me that my mother was in love with Snape!" Harry asked as if he was in shock. "Yes that is what I am saying. Now I don't know what happened that night but before I left she told me that it was one of the best and worst nights of her life. After she died a letter was sent to me I guess explaining everything that happened. I never read it but I did keep it. Yesterday was when I finally got up the courage to read it. And I got to say that it does explain a lot but I didn't want to be the one to tell you but I guess I have no other option." Petunia looked so sad that Harry didn't want to know what the letter said but knew that for some reason that he was not James son. "Aunt Petunia are you trying to tell me that the letter explained what happened that night that mom got with dad?" Harry asked trying to take some of the presser off his aunt. "Yes Harry I am you see that night your mother told Snape that she loved him and wanted to be with him. But where he was a pure blood and she was a muggleborn that they couldn't be seen together so she said that she would make it look like she was dating James and she would meet him every night in the highest tower of the castle. I am guessing James either didn't know about it or if he did he went along with it. I was always wondering why your mother jumped at the chance of being with James right after seemingly having her heart broken." Petunia looked thoughtful for a few minutes. "So did my mom actually marry James or did she marry Snape?" Harry asked. "Well in your mom's letter it said that she was able to marry Snape may 5th and then June 25th she married James. Now there is no legal documents proving that her and Snape married because the wedding was all hushed up well that is what I thought until I looked into the envelope and saw the marriage licence and legal documents saying that she married Snape." Petunia said looking scared to see Harry's reaction. Dudley walked in at that time and looked from his mom to Harry and figured that she told him. "if you told him what I think you just did then I don't know about you but I think we should leave very soon." Dudley said looking scared as well. Harry looked at his aunt and cousin thinking how funny it would be if things were different. "You don't need to look so scared it's not like I am going to burn the house down or something. I kind of thought that it would be something like that I kind of always knew I wasn't James son due to the fact that I look just like him just with moms eyes. But what I don't understand is why Snape or even anyone else wouldn't tell me. Ok well I can kind of understand Snape not saying anything but why not anyone else didn't anyone else know about it?" Harry asked. "No, your mother never told anyone else due to the fact she didn't want you to get hurt and if Voldemort knew then he would have wanted you for himself." Dudley said. "Ok but I still don't understand why Snape! I mean she could have picked anyone.'' Harry grumbled, Dudley and Petunia laughed. "I know how you feel Harry man I really do but I think we need to get out of here I don't want us to get caught by Vernon. Seeing as, as soon as he gets home he's going to know something happened and we are all going to be in a world of hurt if we don't leave now cause I think I see his car coming up the drive!" Dudley panicked. Harry just had enough time to grab his stuff before the door opened and Vernon walked in. Dudley grabbed his cloths and his mother's while Petunia grabbed the boxes and touched each one of the boys before they disappeared in front of an out raged Vernon.