was on her neck again, sucking, kissing, lightly biting. She threw her head back and an involuntary moan escaped her lips. Every fibre of her body tingled with desperation - if she didn't know any better, she might have thought she'd been waiting her whole life just for this moment. Hermione's hands travelled down Draco's creamy toned chest and pulled at his belt. Then she fumbled at the buttons on his trousers, clumsily pulling them down just enough to free his solid erection. She was shocked to see the physical proof that he wanted this just as much as she did - if that was even possible. Until now, he could have just been playing a cruel prank on her. But there was no doubting it - Draco Malfoy was desperate to fuck her, and she was damn well going to make his dream come true. He trailed kisses down from her neck to her breasts, kissing her nipples and teasing them with her tongue in that torturously perfect way. "I can't wait a second longer," she groaned, her tone begging, "I need you to take me right now, Draco Malfoy!" She heard a groan of pleasure escape his lips and she knew he didn't want to wait either. He hooked his arms under her legs, lifting her up and holding her against the door. She felt his cock pressing hard against the damp fabric of her underwear, desperate for access to her, so she reached down, pulling her knickers to one side, and Draco slowly buried his cock into her in one swift movement. Hermione cried out with pain as he tore through her hymen. Draco's eyes widened with surprise - clearly he had not expected her to still be a virgin. He stopped for a moment, obviously not knowing whether he ought to continue, before she growled: 'If you even think about stopping I will hex you so hard you'll be in the hospital wing for a week". Draco smirked, slowly starting to thrust into her. He buried his face in her neck, his breathing erratic. "Oh fuck Hermione," he whispered, "You're so wet. You're so tight. You feel so good." Hermione groaned at his silky voice in her ear. She felt like electricity was running through her body. Was that the first time he had ever said her first name? It didn't matter. All that mattered was that he never ever stopped fucking her exactly as he was. Her legs ached from being pushed backwards, and her back was sore from being pressed against the door, but Draco's lips on her neck, his cock sending wave after wave of pleasure through her body… It was unparalleled by anything she had ever experienced. "Please don't stop," she begged. "I don't plan to," he purred, picking up the pace. "Oh shit. Oh fuck." Her moans grew louder until she cried out every time he thrust into her. Thank Godric for silencing spells. "I didn't realise you had such a foul mouth, Granger," he hissed in her ear, "Then again, I didn't know you were this dirty little minx either. If I had, I might have had my way with you a long time ago." "Oh gods. Oh gods." She couldn't say anything else. She could barely think straight as she felt her orgasm building, her magic crackling around her and threatening to blow up the entire classroom if she didn't contain herself. "Just a little more. Pleaaaase!" Draco complied, thrusting into her deeper and harder than before, and Hermione felt felt fireworks exploding inside of her as he pushed her over the edge. Her toes curled and she screamed. "Draco! Oh gods Draco!" Hermione's entire body tingled and she couldn't make enough sound to express the pleasure she felt. She knew that he was about to climax too - he buried his face in her neck, groaning and grunting until eventually he thrusted deep into her, filling her as he gasped with ecstasy. His legs went weak and buckled. They both slid down the door until they were a tangled, panting mess on the floor. Hermione closed her eyes and tried to steady her breathing, wondering why orgasms she had given herself had never come close to what had just happened. Draco kissed her again, softly again now. Slowly Hermione caught her breath and the afterglow faded. Finally the realisation of what has just happened dawned on her. Her eyes shot open. "Oh Merlin, what have we done?" she gasped. She had just lost her virginity. In a classroom! To Draco Malfoy ! He just smirked. "In case you didn't notice, Granger, we just had sex. Very enjoyable sex, at that.' She pulled away from him, scrambling to put her clothes back on. "Y-yes, you're right, it was. Perhaps we could keep this as our little secret?" she asked timidly. "Of course," he said, as if anything to the contrary was simply ridiculous, "I think I would be murdered on the spot if a certain dark wizard found out about this." "Of course," she stammered. She pulled her robe back on and replaced her Gryffindor scarf. "Maybe, as soon as we leave this room, it's like none of this ever happened? You can go back to calling me a mudblood and I'll try not to jump on you next time?" Draco barked out a laugh. "Sounds good to me." "Okay, I'll leave first, you can follow. I guess I'll see you in Potions on Monday." She picked up her wand and cancelled the charms on the door. She reached for the handle, but Draco stopped her from leaving by placing his hand on hers. "Hermione." She looked up at him, her brown eyes locking into his grey. He leaned in and kissed her gently. When he finally pulled away, he smiled at her. "Our little secret." Hermione blushed, smiled back, and turned the doorknob. She headed back into the corridor, leaving Draco Malfoy and their little secret behind her.