bone breaking hex right at Voldemort, however it fizzled against the shield Voldemort put up with a flick of his own wand. He retaliated quickly with a blasting hex that Harry batted away almost negligently. Harry changed tacks, and aimed his wand at Voldemort, and then flicked it quickly to send a blasting hex of his own, only to change directions slightly at the last moment to send it directly at the mirror. He didn't know what Voldemort had done, nor did he have the faintest idea of what a ritual like this would do. His logic was simple. This was something Voldemort wanted, so by extension this was something Harry wanted to stop. However, the blasting hex hit the mirror and the silver surface seemed to ripple from the impact, but didn't do anything to stop the frequencies of the flashes from quickly turning into a strobe effect as the whining sound grew louder. The shaking ground from the spell he cast earlier didn't seem to be slowing, on the contrary it seemed to be increasing the ground rumbling loudly, despite Harry having canceled the spell. Harry couldn't manage to keep his balance and fell to the ground. Though he didn't manage to stop the follow-up to the first spell Voldemort sent apparently aimed at his face, instead impacted him right in the chest, as he fell. Harry heard and felt several bones snap and it felt like his entire chest caved in. Harry tasted a flood of blood in his mouth even as he cursed himself for his own carelessness. "Too late Harry Potter! I go now to a place where there is no Boy-Who-Lived!" Voldemort turned away from Harry, and staggered on the shaking ground, he managed to keep his feet though as he lurched forward toward the Mirror. Harry saw Voldemort's hand reach out and disappear inside the mirror. Rage exploded inside him at the idea that his mortal enemy might escape. "I swear Tom, you will never escape! I will be the end of you!" At least that's what he tried to say, he coughed and gagged out several parts of it. Harry wasn't even sure Voldemort heard him. If he did, Voldemort certainly didn't acknowledge it as he half stumbled and half fell forward into the mirror, his entire body disappearing into the silvery liquid. Despite Voldemort's disappearance, the ground continued to shake as Harry lay there; and it seemed to be getting worse. He wasn't sure what was happening, and knew he was in trouble. Whatever curse he took right in the chest had obviously gotten through his dragonhide armor and was doing bad things to his internal organs. However only one thought entered his mind. Following Voldemort. He crawled forward along the shaking ground. The rumbling around him grew worse and the vibrating sound from the mirror seemed to be getting worse. At one point he felt something ice cold pass over him, and thought it might be the grip of death, but he pressed onward and the feeling quickly passed. Inch by agonizing inch he crawled forward to the Mirror. It took him what seemed like hours to crawl the handful of yards forward. When he reached the mirror he put his hand forward and his hand slid right into the glass like it was liquid. With a last groan of effort he heaved himself forward pushing his entire body into the glass of the mirror, aided by a sudden jolt in the ground that threw him forward. Harry saw white and knew no more. There was the loud screech of an owl as she dived after her master, disappearing into the mirror in a flash of light as well. Five seconds later the entire area exploded in light. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Author's notes: Terra Conquasso: Earth Shakes. I decided to go ahead and post the beginning of this Harry Potter story. So I could get it out there and get it rolling. Rather than just have it sit and gather dust. I do expect this chapter to go through some revisions too. A couple of things you should know. 1st) AN UPDATE TO "IN ANOTHER LIFE" IS COMING SHORTLY! Keep your pants on! 2nd) I'm in school so this will update slowly, far slower than I started out with In Another Life. 3rd) I am aware the general idea of world traveling and all that has been done before and I'm bound to hit some cliches. If you're looking for those stories who have done it well, I highly recommend the stories, C'est La Vie, Delende Est, and Sacrificial Second Chance. I hope like IAL that I'm able to my own spin on things that people enjoy. 3rd) I do NOT know where this story is going yet. I have only plotted out the start. From there it's relatively open and I hope to have massive input from someone on this. That being said, I expect this to feature alot of fun characters. 4th) It will probably be a Multi-type fic. If that's not your thing, you should probably stop reading and you really shouldn't message me about the request below. That being said, anyone who reads IAL will probably be able to tell you I will NOT write the "oh he looked at her and now they're soulbonded and in love for ever and life is all happy fluffy bunnies and rainbow unicorns!". Pardon me while I barf at the idea of that. I'm not saying soulbonds won't play a part or even a significant part. But it will not be simple snap ones that happen within the first one or two chapters and then BANG center of the story. They will be a central part of the plot. It took my main couple twenty chapters to MEET for the first time in IAL. So I am all about build up and character development. 5th) Plums is now helping me with this! As always, please read and review! Last Updated: 10/9/2014