I want you to know. You have made me happier than I could ever imagine. The way I feel with you doesn't even compare to anyone else I've ever been with. I think that's why it took me so long to admit I was in love with you, because I'd never felt that way about someone. And lastly, if something happens and we don't get married. I just want you to know I've considered myself Tawny Lovegood Black for a long time. I don't need a ceremony to tell me that. They say you're supposed to love someone until death do you part. Not even death will stop me from loving you, Sirius. James, Remus, and Peter. The three of you have surprised me more than you'll ever know. When I first came to Hogwarts, and loathed Sirius, I inadvertently felt the same towards you. I shouldn't have. I don't know how I managed to go all of those years without being friends with you three. Remus, we had a little bit longer together, and I'm grateful for that. You helped me figure out my feelings for Sirius, and that alone has changed my life forever. The three of you are like brothers to me. I can't imagine the rest of my life without you three in it. I know any of you would come to help me when I needed it. Your friendship means so much to me, and I can't thank you enough. Love you guys. Harry, I'm writing this and you've only just been born. It only took one look at you for me to fall in love. Harry, I hope to get to know you. I hope to be there when your Hogwarts letter comes, and for holidays. I hope to be able to give you advice for girls, and the best ways to study around the castle. I hope to be someone you come to when you're happy or sad. You may not be my flesh and blood, but Harry you are so loved. I don't know how much time I'll have with you. You many never get the chance to know me. If that's the case, here's a few pieces of advice your godmother can share with you. One, be strong Harry. The other people in this letter are some of the bravest people I've ever known. Learn from their example. Be courageous. Stand up for what you believe in, even if someone disagrees with you. Two, be smart. Make wise decisions, don't be rash. There is nothing wrong with a plan. Just ask your dad and his friends. They made monthly plans, and no one ended up getting hurt (fingers crossed nothing has changed). Make a plan and don't complete it alone. Everyone needs people in their life they can trust with their plans. Let the people that care about you help. Three, if you love someone, let them know. You love them as a friend, let them know. You love them in a romantic way, let them know. The weight that is lifted off your chest when you tell them how you feel is more rewarding than you know. I promise, you won't regret it. It is my hope than none of you have to read this. But if you are, I want you to know that my life may have ended, but I will not stop watching over you. Keep living your lives. You know when people say, *insert dead person's name* would have wanted you to be happy. I mean it. I want you all to find happiness, even in my absence. We'll meet again, one day. Until then, I love you all. With all my love, Tawny "Wow." Ron said, breaking the silence that filled the room. Harry reread what Tawny had wrote him. She had only just met him and he knew from what she was writing that she loved him like his mother would. He found himself crying as well. Harry couldn't help but think that anyone that loved him would end up dead. His parents, Sirius, and now Tawny. Who was next? Ron, Hermione, and Ginny? The Weasley's? Tonks and Mad-Eye? Dumbledore? Lupin? Harry turned to Lupin, who was doing his very best to wipe his eyes with a napkin. Harry could tell that hearing Tawny's last words had hit him hard. He had shed a few tears before, by now Harry could tell he was having difficulty hiding his emotions. Harry reached out and gripped Lupin's arm. "She wouldn't want this." Harry said, gaining his attention. "She wouldn't want us crying over her. She's want us to keep living our lives, to be happy. The way we were talking about her earlier, laughing, remembering her happy memories. That is how she would want to be remembered by us. The same goes for Sirius and my parents." "You're right." Lupin sniffed. "That's what they would want." He looked up to Mrs. Weasley, who had finally stopped crying. "Let's eat." Mrs. Weasley nodded profusely, and rushed off to the kitchen. Everyone followed behind her except for Harry and Lupin. "Lupin, can I keep these for a while?" Harry asked him. "I've already made copies for myself. Those are all yours." He patted Harry on the back, and walked with him out to the garden where two large tables were set up to fit everyone. As Harry sat down at the table between Ginny and Ron, he realized lucky he was to have these people in his life. Even without his parents and godparents, he still had a room full of people that loved him. The Weasleys and the Order were his family. Standing up, he raised his glass of pumpkin juice. All eyes were on him. "I just wanted to take Tawny's advice. I love you guys." "Cheers!" Everyone said, raising their glasses. Before Harry sat down, he looked up to the sky, raised his glass one more time and whispered, "This one is for you, Tawny."