brought his hand to his face, removing his mask. The silver sheet disintegrated and Hermione finally caught a look at his face. He advanced and Hermione dragged Emma ungracefully away. "Let's go," she begged. "We have to go! " Emma was looking at her daughter in a mixture of awe and fright. They were both pallid and terrified. "Hermione, we don't have time. Go." The words were spoken with simple conviction. Emma pushed Hermione away from her, into the bushes. " Go. " Hermione eyed her mother with hurt but didn't move. "I won't." It was probably the only time she had ever disobeyed her mother in her life. " Go, " Her mother screamed at her, finally releasing her emotions as she realized how close her daughter was from death. The facade of serenity faded as Emma snarled, pushing Hermione away from her. The man had finally arrived. Emma propped herself up again, pushing herself in his way. "You'll have to deal with me first," she growled. He smiled at her. And then he kicked her in the face. A fury unlike any the young girl had ever felt rose up in her and as the elder Hermione stared down at her younger counterpart, she couldn't resist the surge of disgust that came every time she looked at herself in the mirror. "Don't touch my mother!" Hermione screamed, rushing at him. The man didn't move, striking and grasping her by the throat. He smiled cruelly, lifting them until they were face to face. He breathed in and out, his rancid breath causing her to involuntarily cringe. "A..." he hissed, "mudblood." Hermione swung limp fists at him, hating how he just snarled in her face. There was an object in his hand, and when Hermione glanced at it, she assumed it was a weapon. Just the way he held it made the object seem threatening. "Avada Ked - " With the last of her strength, Emma reached forward and dragged Hermione from his grasp, throwing her under herself. "- avra." Hermione saw a flash of green as her mother's silhouette was illuminated by the light. Emma's body went limp and Hermione physically heard the abrupt halt of her heart. The man kicked her mother aside. Hermione's hands were covered in the blood from when he had throttled her. Her mouth was open in a silent horror, watching her mother's lifeless body slump to the ground. "No..." her voice was hoarse. She struggled towards her mother. " No! " Hermione let loose a scream that made the man stumbled back, dropping her to the ground. The stick was pointed at her heart but Hermione didn't care. "I did it," Hermione said, mumbling to herself. The man readied himself, positioning the stick again. But Hermione just stood shakily to her feet, turned towards the man and stared at him with a face full of agony. "That was my mother !" Hermione screamed loudly. The older version of herself watched, grief clouding her gaze as the smaller girl cried. Electricity cackled off of the surface of her skin, and for the first time, the man looked almost worried. Hermione screamed one final time, the static detaching from her body and slamming into the man. He was thrown backwards once again and didn't move for five minutes. Hermione rushed to her mother, shaking her, begging her, hugging her. But there was nothing. The man finally got to his feet, stumbling away. Hermione finally awoke, shooting upwards and desperately wiping her tearstained face. The imprint of the man was still in her mind, the terrible stick clutched in his gloved, blood stained fingers. She finched back, getting flashes of the memory. The man, that terrible man… Long blonde hair. Cold grey eyes. And a cruel smile that seemed more fitting on an animal than a human being. She could already see the newspaper in her mind. It had been the thing she had woken up to. There had been officers barking, blood splattered on her chest and something grey covering her face. Hermione Granger Discovered with Fifteen Dead Bodies. Hermione banished the terrible title from her mind, recounting the terrifying occurrence. Nobody had survived. When she had tried to explain, the police had dismissed it as a child looking for attention. Her tales of a skull, masked men and a green light was put to an abrupt halt after her father had yelled at her. It was declared a shooting, and that the murderer had gotten away. And the very next year, on the anniversary of her mother's death, Hermione received a letter. A letter deeming that she had been accepted into a school of magic. Magic. That is, after all, word for word what she had described to the police. She had been heartbroken, unbelieving that her bullies would make fun of the death of her mother. In a rage, she had thrown the letter into the fire, disgusted by the thought of magic, her hatred of the unnatural power intensifying as her own self-loathing increased. Nobody but Hermione knew the truth, because she had failed. Her mother had given up everything for her and Hermione, despite having ownership of the abomination of magic , had failed to protect her. It was almost as certain as if she had driven the knife into Emma's own heart. Hermione stared at her reflection, the gaunt, haunted figure barely blinking. She hated herself, loathed herself more than anyone. Hermione had killed her mother. As you can guess, Hermione is blaming herself for the death of her mother. This is one of the darkest chapters I've ever written so I just want to assure everyone that Hermione is not hurting herself and is not suicidal. Harry is going to come in and develop a bond with Hermione, lifting the guilt that is on her shoulders. Thanks for reading the first chapter! Remember, the more popular this story is the faster I update! Thank you again (: Love, Kathie