chair before her eyes slowly rose up to meet his own, she took a deep breath before she responded. "I want to help you." She whispered. "Good, then I have a new proposition for you!" Gellert said as his eyes instantly softened and a smile broke out on his face, "I have to leave for a short while, I will place you in the care of one of my men. He will be reporting back to me about everything you do. Rest assured, should you step out of line, I will know. Do you understand?" "Ye..yes sir" Isabella stammered. "Good, now we wait for Millard to get back! And then you can leave." Gellert said. "Just like that? Your letting me go?" Isabella nervously asked. "I have no reason to believe that you'll betray me, and when the vow is in place, you can't! An unbreakable vow is just that, unbreakable. Besides, one of my men will be assigned to you, I will know every move you make." Gellert grinned deviously. "I won't betray you." the girl stammered, she was startled when they heard a door open behind her. She turned around and saw Millard and Abraham standing side by side as they walked towards them. "Any problems Millard?" Gellert asked. "None at all, he was clearly cooperating with us." Millard said as he handed a vial containing a lilac potion to his commander. "Is this the potion?" Gellert asked and eyed it cautiously. "Indeed. This is the recipe." Millard said and handed Gellert a bit of parchment. "This is far more complex than I had anticipated." Gellert quietly spoke as his eyes widened in shock as he skimmed the parchment. "Yes it is, and that's the only vial that exists! Collecting the ingredients alone is a challenging endeavor. Unfortunately it would be a death trap for me now, I'm not as young as I once was." Abraham said. "Put Mr. Léon in the cellars, just as a precaution for the time being." Gellert grinned, and put the note and lilac potion in his pocket beside his wand. "Move old man!" Millard said and pushed Abraham down the hall. Gellert went over to Isabella and pulled her up from the chair. She was startled, but he could hear her take a deep breath and then she looked straight in his eyes. "I'm ready when you are." she boldly said. "Good!" Gellert grinned. When Millard came back they were ready to take the vow. Gellert gripped Isabella's forearm tightly as she did the same. Then he nodded to Millard, who pulled out his wand and aimed it at their entwined hands and began to recite the enchantment. As Millard spoke the enchantment a fine strand of magic left his wand and wound itself around their entwined arms, freezing them in place as the Magic tightened around them. "Do you, Isabella Feliciá Duball, swear to follow the orders of Gellert Grindelwald, without hesitation or question?" "I do!" Isabella said as another strand of magic left Millards wand and wove itself around their entwined arms. "Do you swear, to do all within your power to assist the cause, even if you are required to use deadly force?" "I do!" She swore as yet another strand of magic wound itself around their entwined arms. "Do you swear, not to tell a soul about what has happened here and what you have heard, to never reveal the location of our headquarters?" "I do!" She said as one last strand of magic left Millards wand and circled their entwined arms. The strands of magic suddenly began to pulse brightly as they wove tightly around their entwined arms. Millard waved his wand once more and the glowing strands of magic seeped into their arms and disappeared. Gellert released her arm, and turned to face Millard. "Find Antóin, and tell him to get back, tell him that he will be Miss Duballs personal bodyguard from now on!" Gellert grinned. "Yes sir!" Millard said and left them. "Now, I think it's time to celebrate a new companionship! Congratulations on your best decision ever!" Gellert grinned and handed a glass of firewhiskey to Isabella. "To new beginnings!" Isabella said and clinked her glass against Gellerts. "A new and wonderful beginning!" Gellert grinned. They downed their whisky in one go, Isabella giggling as she placed her glass on table nearby. Millard soon came back with Antóin in tow, the older man bowed his head, and offered Isabella his arm. "Is that it? Are you just letting me go like this?" Isabella asked as he eyes widened in shock. "Of course darling, Antóin here will take good care of you, and keep an eye on you." Gellert said. "How do I contact you?" she asked as she sadly looked at him. Stupid girl! You don't! "You don't! I'll contact you when the time comes for your first assignment!" Gellert said and nodded to Antóin who took the girl with him. "You know, some day, you have to tell me how you do it." Millard said, his voice laced with awe and respect. "How I do what?" Gellert asked as he smirked at the other man. "Get the girls like that. We now have a spy close to the Ministers in Sweden, Norway, Denmark and now France. You really are exceptionally talented with women." Millard said. "Thank you Millard." Gellert said and took out the vial from his pocket. "Is it safe sir?" Millard asked. "I do hope so, I looked inside Abraham's mind and all I saw was this vial. This potion is what gains me immortality." Gellert grinned. "Are you sure you don't want one of us to take it first sir?" Millard asked. "I can't let you, the potion alone takes almost two years to create, and the ingredients take two to three years to collect!" Gellert said and looked at the vial. "Of course." Millard said. Gellert took the vial, uncorked it, and drowned the potion in one go.