"I hate to ask, honestly, but there's so much in that truck that I doubt I could finish all of it tonight on my own and I'd like to at least put the master bed and bath to rights. Would you mind?" "Oh, no. Not at all." Harry straightened up quickly in his chair, earning an unhappy grumble from Nagini who turned and jumped back out of the trunk. "Hill House is an awful shape; you'll need help with the renovations?" "Are you offering?" Anything to get to know the man better. Most specifically which team he played for and whether or not newly eighteen was too young for his range. "It's only the neighborly thing to do, isn't it?" There was a knowing glint in his eyes but he simply smiled back and nodded his head. "Yes, quite. The neighborly thing to do." He pushed his door open and stepped out. "Leave the plate in the car. I'll come grab it once I have a trustworthy place to put it." Harry nodded and followed after him, appreciatively taking advantage of his position to stare at what was visible of Tom's back through the thin cotton of his shirt. If anything the man looked even better under the sunlight without the jacket than he did with it, the sunlight made his pale skin gleam like alabaster beneath the intricate black detailing of his sleeve tattoos. From this angle he couldn't make out what the image was, but thought it was a howling wolf against a backdrop of pines. The only jewelry that he wore was a golden ring inset with a large black stone, but Harry thought that he'd look incredible with one of those Helix piercings which Dudley had gotten just to spite his parents. "We'll just take them all into the big room off the front entrance; you saw it I'm sure? The furniture will be for last as that will be the most difficult part." He brushed his chestnut curls back from his face. "Sound good?" "Yeah." Harry said as Tom hoisted himself up into the truck. "I'll pass them down and after we've gotten all of the boxes out we'll start to take them into the house." Tom passed him the first pair of boxes. Something metallic rattled around and Harry almost dropped them when the weight took him by surprise. "So Harry, tell me, what do you do?" "Me?" he repeated, surprised as he set the box down. "I'm a high school senior. Eighteen. I usually work odd jobs over the summer around the neighborhood for a bit of pocket money. That sort of thing." "Odd jobs? Marvelous. I'll be having a lot of those for you to help me with; I'll pay you for those and for this as well." He said. "Sound agreeable?" He'd be practically employed by Tom. All of summer by the look of the state of the house? This was perfect! "That's be great, Tom. But you really don't have to pay me. I'm happy to help." "And I'm happy to give you something in return." How Tom could lift four boxes at a time and still not break a sweat Harry had no idea. "If nothing else, feel free to come around at any time; the key will be under the mat." "Anytime?" "Day. Night. Morning. To hang out. Hide from your parents. Hide from your fangirls." "I wish I was popular enough to have to hide from fans. Though I'd much rather they be fan boys." "No you don't. Trust me. It's easy to get rid of the woman, at least the ones with any sense, by telling them you're gay. The men…not so much." He leapt down, landing gracefully beside him. "You-?" "Prefer the D? Yes." How Tom could be so blasé about telling such a thing to a near total stranger when telling his own parents and closest friends had been the single most embarrassing experience in his entire life Harry would never know. "What, upset that you're no longer the only one who's bent? With the way that you've been staring at me I thought you'd be relieved." He'd noticed? Harry hastily picked up the nearest box and hid behind it. "Why do you think that we're the only two around?" "We're in the middle of bloody Alaska, one of the most isolated places on earth aptly called the last frontier, in a town with a population of about two thousand people. Given that 'the Gays' only make up about 4% of the total population of the United States there can't possibly be that many of us around here." Well he did have a point in that. "So," Harry asked as he followed Tom back inside, setting his box down with a huff. "What do you do for a living Tom?" "I've done a few things. Everything from office work to modeling." He could certainly believe that. "But between my savings and inheritance I no longer need to work. Do you plan to go to college Harry?" "Oh, no. I want to be an author actually." He told him. "The people who have read my work think it's pretty good." "I'm certain that it is. I'd like to see some of it eventually if you wouldn't mind?" "I might bring something by someday." By the time all of the boxes had been brought in and all of the furniture had been placed Harry felt as if he'd been bench pressing for four hours straight Tom seemed entirely unaffected leading the raven to wonder just how ridiculously fit the man was. "Thank you for your help, Harry. It was good meeting you." He watched him dismount the steps from the porch and head back down the block and out of sight. Only then did he allow his smile to curve into a brutal smirk. Of all the places where I could ever have stumbled across you again, my legionnaire, I never thought it would be here.