"That's- pretty hardcore stuff, Harry," he said, and leaned back in his seat. Potter's eyes widened. "Did you just-" "Sorry," Draco hurried to say, swallowing. That had just slipped out of him. Where had it come from? "I won't do it again." Potter ignored him, choosing instead to lean forward and rest his elbows on the table with a scowl. "Listen, Draco," he said, startling Draco badly. "I didn't come back to do everything again. I don't want to take part of this war." Pot- oh, fine . Harry had once more startled Draco badly, and it showed. "I didn't come back to die. I wanted to come back to live ." "And you're okay with leaving the wizarding world unprotected?" Draco whispered. Harry snorted. "Hardly," he said. "There are lots of Aurors here. I don't want to be the Boy-Who-Lived. I just want to be Harry. Harry, youngest seeker in Gryffindor history… well, not that I believe I'll be sorted into there again." This was too much. Draco wasn't sure what to do. "Well, what are you planning, then? Leaving the country?" Harry shrugged. He shrugged , as if this didn't really matter. Draco groaned. "Can't we just kill the bastard?" Harry adopted a thoughtful frown. "We'd have to hunt down his Horcruxes first," he said slowly. Draco fell out of his chair. "Horcruxes?" he whispered, in a high pitch, from the floor. "The Dark Lord had Horcruxes? Plural form?" Harry leaned to the side to look at him as he stood up and sat down on his chair. "He had six," he said quietly. "A diary, that one I believe your father has, Hufflepuff's Cup, that's in Bellatrix' vault, Ravenclaw's diadem, hidden at Hogwarts, a ring, I know where it is, Slytherin's locket, at Sirius' childhood home, and Nagini, which I have no idea where is." " Six ," Draco repeated. "Do you know how to destroy them?" Harry nodded. "Basilisk venom," he said. "And fiendfyre. I've read up on them." "And- you can hunt them down?" Harry groaned, but nodded. "Yes. Now that I know where they are, it shouldn't be too much of a problem. Give me until school starts, and I should have gotten most of them, if not all. Voldemort lives at the back of Quirrel's head, just so you know about that." Draco fell out of his chair again. Draco, I need a house-elf to do everything that I have to do, about you-know-what. The most practical would be to have one from the Malfoy's, since the diary is at your place. Could you give one to me? Signed, Harry Ps. Give me Dobby. Please. And don't give him a sock. I will be irritated for weeks if you do . With a wince, Draco walked over to his wardrobe and pulled out a pair of robes that were just a tad too small for him. "Dobby!" he called, and the house-elf popped in. "Dobby, I'm going to free you." The creature's eyes widened and filled with tears. "Oh, Young Master Draco are too kind, thank you, Young Master Draco, thank you ," he whispered. Draco did a double take. Thank you? "But I have a request. A friend of mine wants you to work for him. Harry Potter, have you heard of him?" Dobby's eyes widened even further. "Harry Potter?" he squeaked. "Dobby is to be working for the great Harry Potter?" Without a word, Draco shrunk the robes to fit the tiny creature, and handed them to him. "I need you to go straight to him and perform the bonding, okay?" Dobby nodded so hard Draco thought his head was about to fall off. "Dobby will, sir. Oh, yes, Dobby will!" The next time Draco saw the strange house-elf, was two weeks later, in the middle of July. Dobby had popped in and delivered the message that "Master Harry Potter has told Dobby to tell Draco sir that most of the problems has been handled and that Draco sir won't be hearing from Master Harry Potter before school." Draco stared. "Well," he said slowly. "You can tell Harry that I say thank you for keeping me updated," he told the elf, who then popped away. With a sigh, Draco turned towards the letter he'd been writing to Harry, asking about just that. "Bastard," he muttered, and threw away the piece of parchment. The next few weeks passed without anything significant happening, and Draco heaved a breath of relief when he stepped onto Platform 9 ¾ with his Father. After sharing a quick goodbye and listening to his Father rant about going to Slytherin, Draco was off to get onto the train. Not three minutes passed before the form of Harry Potter bounced over to his side. "Potter," Draco greeted politely, raising an eyebrow at the grin Harry was sporting. "Oh, none of that, now, Draco!" Harry protested, eyes twinkling mischievously. "If you've first off gone and called me Harry, you might as well continue." Draco sighed, but nodded warily. "Fine," he muttered. A moment later, Vincent and Greg fell into step behind him in their usual positions. Rolling his eyes, Draco turned to Greg and said "Include Harry, would you?" With a grunt, Greg moved further to the left, which caused him to end up behind Harry instead of Draco. "Oooh, a personal bodyguard!" Harry grinned. "How fun." "Indeed," Draco drawled. "Come on. Let's find a carriage." A/N: So this is the written equivalent of a brain fart. If anyone's interested in this I might continue it! I've got plans for the ending, so I know how it's gonna stop. I've got nothing in the middle though, so you might get three chapters and an ending, or twenty chapters and an ending. It all depends on how inspired I am, and what kinda feed back I get. And in case you're not wearing slash goggles- this is slash. As in, Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter doing Private Things in Private. Cheers!