he understood perfectly. Smiling, Death pulled back a bit and continued on. "The only thing that gathering the three would allow is to be granted an audience with me," Death stated. "In fact, this talk would not occur and you would not have been granted another chance if you had not collected all three." Harry nodded within understanding as Death continued. "The Wand and Stone is not a necessity for you and I do know you do not need them anymore. You will be getting a new wand and it will be an interesting one at that I assure you. The Cloak? Well that I will let you have as it was only Ignotus Peverell who truly deserves to keep his claimed prize. Truly a humble and kind man. Thus, as his descendent, you are allowed to keep it. Only replicas of the other two Hallows will remain and neither will hold any actual power as before. The replica wand will simply be just another ordinary wand and the stone will just be a pretty gem. If you still wish to collect them you are free to do so, just you will not have the same results as before." Death looked away thoughtfully for a moment as if pondering something before looking back at Harry. "While I do not have to, I may drop by every now and then to check in with you. If you like you can even contact me, although I will not come at your own beckoning. After all, you are but a mere mortal. If however, I happen to find amusement in answering or if I am bored enough, I will come and see what can be done. I might even drop by directly once in a while to liven things up a bit for fun, who knows? Your life is in a sense a reality TV show for us here. Can't have the main character be boring now can we?" Harry was at a loss at what to say so he wisely kept his mouth shut. "Fantastic! Now if there is nothing else. I will be sending you back to the summer before your first year at Hogwarts. You will not have to worry about your aunt and her family as they believe that you died when your parents were killed. So, in this new life, you have never have stayed with them at all nor will they be aware of your existence." That is not bad . Harry thought. "Mind you, by giving you this chance at life, you can make amends with those you have failed to previously. That is should you wish to make amends with them. Of course, this also gives you a chance to break any friendship that you wish you rather not have at all." Of course I want to cut ties with some of them. Harry thought as he went down the list. Ron was a backstabbing git. Always blaming him for things and then suddenly coming back acting as if nothing happened or like he forgave them. He never cared about others other than himself an even left Harry and Hermione when they needed him. In fact, he did not return to help at all until all the Weasleys came to support him on the final battle and dragged Ron with them. Heck, he was even blamed for Fred's death. Dumbledore treated him like a pawn to do his bidding and all those memories and evidence shown that he was clearly going to throw him away after his usefulness was done. Snape, well… as much as Harry hated to admit it, in the end he was alright. He made his life truly miserable, but he revealed the truth. It also did not help that Harry's father was also a complete dick towards others as well. The list for others goes on and on including people who wished to kill him. If he was to go back, Harry decided that other than a select few, he would give others a chance. He will not be as forgiving as before, but he will give them a chance to prove themselves in this new life. If they push it, he will make sure they never get the chance to cross him ever again. It may sound harsh, but Harry was determined to protect his new life no matter the situation. Death was right, this can be a chance to make amends with some. This was also a chance to ensure that those who cross him did not get in his way again. Death smiled inwardly seeing Harry's thoughts. This may actually provide entertainment enough and change the story quite a bit. He was truly going to enjoy this quite a bit watching Harry's new life. "If I do need anything else, I can call you?" Harry reconfirmed. Death nodded, "Indeed. And if I do find it amusing, I will drop by. Oh and remember to drop by Gringotts as soon as you can and state that you need to take an inheritance test. There will be some changes so you might be in for some surprise." "Inheritance test?" Harry asked puzzled. Death mimed hitting its head. "I forgot, you only knew of the trust fund that your parents left you." Harry looked very confused, but nodded cautiously. "Well, you had a family vault as well which little Dumbles prevented access. However, we will be expanding on the vaults making it vital that you check with Gringotts early. That should make things a lot easier for you." Harry noted the mischievous grin before nodded once more. Whatever Death was up to, he is going to be ready for it. "Then I'm ready." Death smiled and nodded. "We shall see you soon. Remember to keep us entertained. After all, your new life is handed to you on a silver platter." As Death snapped his fingers, Harry saw the office and Death disappear as he felt himself falling down into the darkness.