damn bloody bit about love around Lord Voldemort-or whether or not I'm interested in men or women or both. Sure, there was Cho last year, but that was only really because she was pretty. Draco is pretty too, the damn Prat! He twitched off a particularly large Horse Fly which had attempted to make itself at home on his knee. It isn't that I think he's ugly either. Sure, he's not drop dead gorgeous anymore and the lack of a nose is a little bit…off putting but the proper word for him certainly wouldn't be ugly. Nor would it be grotesque. Terrifying, definitely. Nightmarish, perhaps. But striking would fit him too, though I suppose claws and scales would have to be an acquired taste. The raven shook himself in an effort to throw off the topic of the Dark Lord's attractiveness and whether or not he'd be able to perform should he land in a situation where sex would be expected of him. Never mind the fact that he wouldn't have the slightest clue what he was doing. Treasured I suppose I understand, given that I am a Horcrux, but sacred? What does that mean, I wonder? The resulting image of the Death Eaters collapsing before him and kissing the hem of his robes in much the same fashion as they did Voldemort's was equal parts gratifying and disturbing. I think I was less uncomfortable when I was thinking about needing to have sex with him. Harry realized, bemused, as he slipped the bracelet back over the wrist of his wand hand. " Boy!" The raven jumped so badly that he cracked the top of his head on the bottom of the windowsill, coming dangerously close to being seized around the throat by one of Vernon's meaty hands. " Lurking underneath the window! Plotting something, surely! If the neighbor's see-! Harry didn't waited around for long enough to hear what would happen if the neighbors saw, bolting out of the yard and down the block along Privet Drive. Easily keeping a steady swift pace without breaking a sweat. Headed anywhere but there, though exactly where he'd wind up Harry didn't know. Maybe it'd be worth betraying the whole sodding lot of them just to be able to rest assured that I'll never have to see #4 again! Leaving the sidewalk as he pulled level with the small playground where the Housewives of Privet Drive would commonly take their young children to run out their energy, though it was deserted at the moment on account of the crippling heat. Harry crossed the small field of woodchips, he settled on one of the swings. Gently swinging back and forth, the mildly rusted chains creaking against the pole above him. Turning the bracelet absently around and around the thin bones of his wrist, marveling at its impeccable craftsmanship and the fact that it remained ice cold despite the weather and nearly constant wear. The bracelet portkey that Voldemort had given him was, undoubtedly, the finest thing he'd ever worn in his life. Solid silver and cold hammered into the shape of a Basilisk eating its own tail, a pair of small emeralds set into where its eyes should have been and a delicate engraving of Runes etched along its spine. It was beautiful, if unquestionably Slytherin, and perhaps offered an insight into the Dark Lord's taste in jewelry. Harry had developed a bit of a nervous tick of fiddling with it. "Look at the freak! Out here swinging all alone like an escapee from the Looney Bin, wearing jewelry like a Poof!" Dudley's voice issued from somewhere much too close for Harry's liking. His head snapped up and he found himself confronted by the sight of his massive cousin and his entire gang of cronies. This was the last thing he wanted to have to deal with while wrestling with a potential shift in sides. "What do you want, Dudley? Gotten sick of beating up helpless nine year olds who can't fight back?" "What's the matter, Potter? Didn't your Mum ever teach you manners?" his cronies cackled stupidly from behind him, reminding Harry a great deal of Crab and Goyle. "Is she dead?" Harry saw red, leaping up from where he'd been sitting and charging towards the much larger boy. Tearing his wand from his back pocket and wedging the tip under his chin, causing the other boy to go whiter than death. "Don't you dare talk about my Mother ever again, Dursley!" He snarled, watching the other whimper and tremble before him as his friends looked on in confusion. "If you do you may just find yourself in a position you'll regret, all things considered." Harry was too busy glaring and threatening to fully comprehend his cousins panicked blubbering until the slew of "Sorry, I'm sorry," turned into "Stop, please! Just stop!" Stop? Stop what? He wasn't doing anything and, despite his anger, his magic was for the moment perfectly in control. So why had everything suddenly gone so dark and cold? Rain clouds had rolled in seemingly from nowhere at terrifying speed and, in the middle of summer in the heart of a heat wave, his breath was rising before him in a silver puff of air. All of the hairs rose along his arms and the back of his neck as it dawned on him what that meant. "Dudley." He said sharply, stepping back from his Cousin and noting the fact that his mates had all booked it and disappeared. "Dudley, shut up! I'm not doing it!" "Y-You're not?" "I'm not!" "Then what is?" "Dementors." "Dementors?" "Yes." He snapped, annoyed. Green eyes darting left and right in search of the first signs of cloaked figures. "Dementors. What they are is not important: they're too dangerous to waste the time explaining!" "W-Well, what do we do?" Harry, clutching his wand tighter in his hand, silently prayed he wouldn't have to use it as he set his gaze on his cousin. "Run."