could sense the writer's annoyance, anger, and slight amusement. He chuckled quietly at the peculiar mix of emotions. "How does Mendax sound?" Harry paused, absentmindedly murmuring the name. He blinked when it rolled off his tongue naturally. He liked it. "Sure. Not bad," he approved. "Good. Because it is Latin for liar." "You little shit," he wrote, but it was obvious through the connection that he was amused. The boy smiled softly, actually enjoying their conversation. When was the last time he was so relaxed with someone? "What an insult." "Shut it, snake boy!" "I'm not speaking, though?" Harry rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I kinda knew that already," he wrote with a humored huff. "You attend Hogwarts, yes?" it spontaneously asked. "Yeah." "I did too. What is it like there?" "Drama filled," Harry replied instinctively. "Lots of drama. And Professor Fuck-You-All is really frustrating. Plus Headmaster Dumbledick is annoying." "Headmaster Dumbledick? That's… interesting," the writer's handwriting appeared. The Boy Who Lived snickered when he sensed its amusement yet again. "Yup. None of the other teachers bother me." He paused. "Except for Filch. He's… disturbing. He said, and I quote, 'These detentions are boring. I miss the screams' during my first year." "Ah, I've heard about Filch. Is he the one always patrolling with that pathetic cat of his?" "Yup," Harry answered with yet another grin. "What was Hogwarts like in your time, old man?" "I'm not old!" it replied. Harry chuckled as he sensed its frustration. "I sometimes wish I'd track you down and crucio you." "Get in line." There was a moment without any response, and Harry winced when he realized what he had written. He was coming close to revealing his identity. "And why is there a line?" it asked. "I've made enemies at Hogwarts. The Death Eaters hate me because I hexed a few of the Slytherins… especially Malfoy. That little shit is annoying," the wizard explained. It wasn't much of a lie, actually. In fact, it was very honest. "Hmm, that's intriguing. I assume you are in a different house then?" "Maybe I am, maybe I'm not." "You are stubborn." "Is that another word for smart? Because it seems I got more information out of you, than you've gotten out of me," the Boy Who Lived retorted. "'Smart' isn't the term I would use. 'Luck' seems to fit better." "Ah, luck. My favorite word… after Mendax." "Mendax is your new favorite word?" it asked, and Harry sensed its confusion and hope. "Yeah. Even though it means liar, it still sounds awesome. Plus, it's Latin. I love that language!" "You love Latin? Not much of a surprise, because most spells translate to Latin," the writer jotted down. "Yup. It's pretty cool, actually, because it's old and still popular. It's amazing to realize just how far back magic goes," Harry replied truthfully. It really did impress him with how ancient magic is. Maybe Latin isn't THAT old, but it was still created a while ago, right? "Yes, it is amazing. For a teenager, you seem to have the occasional deep opinion." "Is that a compliment?" "Your second favorite word is luck, isn't it?" it signed back, earning a snort from the raven-haired teenager. "Yeah, thanks then." "You're welcome." There was a pause, where neither wrote anything. "I'm curious now. Tell me about yourself. Blood status, family members, friends…." Harry rolled his eyes at the pitiful attempt to ask about him. "You could just say 'who are you and tell me what your life is like.'" "Fine. Who are you and tell me what your life is like." "Much better!" the Gryffindor scribbled down. "Well, I'm a half-blood. I'm an orphan, and live with my pathetic relatives who can't be considered human. My cousin is a whale in the form of a person, my aunt is horse-faced, and my uncle is—well, for lack of a better word, a complete and utter prick. My friends are great, but they're always bothering me. One of them pestered me with writing in a journal (not a diary, because like I said before, that sounds gay) and I finally took up their advice." Nothing was written back to him for a couple moments. Harry assumed it was reading thoroughly through his response, trying to clue in who he was. 'Good luck with that,' he thought smugly. "Sounds fairly eventful. Your relatives sound… what's a synonym for horrific?" "Hell-ish?" "Ah, perfect," it inscribed on the parchment. "Your relatives sound hellish. As for your friends, that must be nice. I personally never had close friends, so I suggest you take advantage of their concern." Harry smiled at that comment. "And where did you find my journal?" "Thanks, my friends are pretty awesome. Uh, sorry you didn't have friends. I really only have two, and a couple others who aren't that close to me." He froze for a moment, wondering what to write next. "Well, I found your journal in my dorm. I thought—" He quickly corrected himself before he wrote Hermione's name. "—my friend had put it there, but apparently not." "Strange. My journal has been hidden for decades…." Harry noticed how it avoided the topic of friends. He chose to follow the writer's lead. "I have no clue. But decades? HA. You ARE old!" "I am not!" "Yeah you are! So, what was it like seeing Dumbledick as a student?" he teased. "Oh please, no one ALIVE has seen Dumbledick as a student!" it wrote, and Harry sensed its joking manner. "I am from the 1940's when I attended Hogwarts, thank you very much." "That's still old, you know." "No it is not!" "Yeah it is." "Stop it." "Can't handle the truth, elder?" "No, I can't handle a lie." "Sorry, guess I should learn some respect." "Yes, you should." "Especially since you're an elder!" There was no reply for a moment. Harry sensed the being's irritation and couldn't restrain himself from laughing. "I will hex you when I discover your identity." "Can't wait." /