important that she know that. Her smile was back and even bigger than before. Wriggling out from under the tree, Tonks sat up and crossed her legs. "Don't suppose you have any magic hangover potion?" she asked groggily. Harry Accio'd the bottles from the kitchen and they clinked the vials together before knocking them back. "That's better," Tonks sighed. "Yeah, it is," Harry agreed, unable to wipe the smile off his face. "So, um, are you...that is, you slept on the floor all night. Do you need a hot shower or anything?" He was surprised and a little offended when Tonks laughed. "Take all the girls back to your shower, hmm, Potter?" she teased him. Harry felt his face flush but he maintained eye contact with her. "I've been told I'm very good in the shower," he answered. This was new territory for them—he couldn't remember overtly flirting with Tonks before, although they had always got along and teased each other mercilessly at work. Tonks had turned very serious. "I'll have to judge for myself sometime, then," she replied. Harry felt his heart rate speed up. He heard Luna's voice in his head telling him to pay attention, learn how to love, and to remember what he'd seen the night before. Whether it had been real or not, he wasn't sure; but he damn well wasn't going to miss out on something potentially amazing just because he couldn't know if the lesson had been real or not. So he scooted closer to where she was sitting, leaned forward, and kissed her. Tonks immediately melted against his chest, fisting her hands in his hair and kissing him back as passionately as she did everything else in life. Harry let his hands roam over her shoulders, her arms, her back; with a gentle tug, she had laid down and brought him down on top of her. "Merry Christmas to me," she murmured, letting her hands run down the bare skin of his back. Harry went back to kissing her, their tongues swirling around each other's and their hands everywhere. Before long Tonks was shoving at his waistband, so Harry sat up and pulled her up with him. He yanked her shirt off over her head, thanking Merlin and every other deity that she wasn't wearing a bra. He cupped her breasts and said "No, the merry is all mine," which didn't make much sense but Tonks seemed to understand because she kissed him sweetly before standing up and shimmying out of her trousers. "We can go back to my room," Harry offered, but Tonks shook her head and gave him a look . "Have you ever done it in public?" she asked, stripping off her knickers and tossing them over her shoulder. Harry could only shake his head; he was incapable of forming words. Tonks looked victorious. "Well, Potter, let me be your first." She hauled him to his feet and shoved his pyjama pants down the rest of the way. "Don't worry, everyone else is still knocked out," she whispered into his ear, and then she had wrapped a hand around his cock and started stroking. He contemplated locking the door but in the end he simply tossed his wand off to the side and proceeded to squeeze and knead her breasts while she fondled him. When she shoved him backwards towards the sofa, he obliged, pulling her down to straddle his lap. This put her breasts right at face-level so of course he spent the next several minutes sucking and licking at her tits. He was rewarded by her grinding her pussy against his erection, and he nearly lost it. Twice. Finally, finally she sank down on top of him, taking him in inch by torturous inch. When she was fully seated, she began to rock back and forth, driving Harry to the brink in a heartbeat. "Tonks—you've got to slow down—" "Yeah, funny thing about that, I don't really do slow," she panted. He watched, amused, as her hair turned from red and green to a pink that could only be described as sultry. "Okay, but then you've got to tell me what I can do for you," he managed, trying to distract himself with Arithmantic equations in his head. Tonks leaned forward, putting her mouth by his ear, and murmured, "You can spank me." Harry closed his eyes, using all his willpower not to come right then and there. Tonks seemed to sense his hesitation because she grabbed his hands and placed them on her ass. "Oh, and Harry? I like it hard," she added, right as she lifted herself up and then slammed back down on his cock. Harry groaned and thwacked her bare ass, loving the way it made Tonks moan in pleasure. He knew he couldn't take much more, so he whacked her again and she sped up, her movements becoming less controlled. "Fuck, Tonks, I'm going to—oomph," he practically yelled, but Tonks had covered his mouth with her hand. "Thought you didn't want an audience?" she asked, moving even faster on him now. "Of course, if you did, I'm game," she added, and Harry gripped her bum in his hands and came, hard, shouting her name. Tonks followed him almost immediately, grinding down on him and saying his name repeatedly. In the aftermath, she slumped against his chest and he wrapped his arms around her waist. Eventually she lifted her head and grinned cheekily at him. "I can spank you next time if you want," she offered. Harry grinned back at her. "Assuming there's a next time, are we?" "Oh, yes. You owe me a trip to your shower, remember?" Harry kissed her. "No time like the present," he said, helping her stand and then gathering their clothing. As they made their way quietly upstairs, Harry thought he saw a ghostly Luna peering around the corner at him and smiling, but he couldn't be sure. Anyway, he had more important things to focus on.