you." "He was very angry," Harry agreed, "but I guess he did make some good points." "Severus was never one for the spotlight," Professor McGonagall told him, "he never held himself up as better than he was – morals wise – and quite frequently I believe he did not do himself justice. Whereas Albus would undoubtedly revel in being a namesake to your child I know Severus, as I'm sure he let you know quite vehemently, would hate it." Harry sighed. What had started as a desire to recognise the sacrifices and aid of two wizards in the war had turned into something far more complicated. He had imagined opposition to his idea, especially given the bad history between many of the Order and Severus Snape, but he had never considered that his family and friends would be as united in their disapproval and shock. He did not want to admit that he might have been wrong, that he had been perhaps over compensating for the guilt he felt about the war and those he had been unable to save, for the guilt over being unable to help Dumbledore when he drank the cursed potion, or Snape when he was bitten by Nagini. Ginny and Hermione had always said he let the guilt overwhelm him sometimes, that it was not wrong to grieve but that he couldn't let it eat him up inside. "What should I do?" he asked, feeling like a first year looking for guidance once more rather than a twenty-five year old war hero, swiftly rising up the ranks of the Aurors. "I can't give you the answer, Mr Potter, this isn't one of my lessons. This is something you need to figure out for yourself, you and your wife together. I've not always helped you as I should have, Mr Potter. I haven't always been there when you needed someone during your Hogwarts years. But my advice, for what it is worth, is that you should enjoy this time and not think about names for a while. Take some time to pamper your wife and do things together, just the two of you. Come back to the idea of names later on with a fresh outlook. And don't worry if you're still struggling when the time comes – I've heard many a parent say that they don't truly decide on a name until their child is in their arms." "Thanks Professor," Harry said with a smile, feeling mightily relieved, "and you're right. I don't want to spend the whole pregnancy arguing with Gin. I just hope we agree when the time comes." "Don't worry Mr Potter, I'm sure it will all work out in the end. I have faith in you." And for the first time since he had revealed his idea to Ginny, Harry felt like the whole situation would be just fine. Epilogue – Four Months Later Harry beamed down at his new-born son as Ginny lay on the bed, sweaty and with a face as red as her hair but grinning nonetheless. The baby wrinkled his nose and closed the emerald green eyes he had inherited from Harry, clearly tired. He didn't have much hair but what he did have promised to be the dark colour of his father's. It looked like Harry would be getting a miniature doppelganger. "Go on and show him off then," his wife told him, "I need a good nap before he gets hungry again and you know if everyone doesn't see him soon they'll just barge in en masse." Cradling the baby gently Harry leaned down to kiss his wife softly before moving towards the door, "come on little man, let's go meet your family." Everyone looked up as he came out. They had taken over the waiting room. The many Weasleys, Hermione (in her eighth month of pregnancy and hexing anyone who dared to mention the size of her stomach) and Malfoy, Sirius, Remus and Tonks, Neville and Luna, Kingsley, and Minerva. He could see them all fighting the urge to crowd him so that they could coo at the baby and he fought a smile at their attempts to restrain their eagerness to see his son. He shifted the baby in his arms so that all his family and friends could get a good look at him, "everyone, I'd like you to meet Albus Severus Potter." They were all silent as they looked at him, their faces frozen in identical horror. Everything was still for a few seconds, before he could bear it no longer and his serious expression melted away to show a mischievous smile, "relax guys, you talked me out of that, I promise. This is Aiden James Prewett Potter." Sighs of relief greeted his pronouncement, as well as a teary smile from Molly Weasley and outright sobbing from Hermione (who immediately blamed her pregnancy hormones and smacked Malfoy when he laughed at her), and they all surged forward to get a better look at the new Potter. All was well. Harry and Ginny's name choice came about because he eventually took on board everyone's disagreement with the choice of Albus Severus but he also ended up considering the idea that maybe his child should have a first name all their own – in canon his three children's first and middle names all come from series characters, five of the six being dead, and it also seems unbalanced towards Harry's side (his parents, godfather, headmaster/mentor, guilt about Snape) with only the middle name of Luna a possible nod to Ginny (and Luna was both of their friends so we can't be sure with that). It isn't depicted in this fic but in this story's universe Harry and Ginny end up with three children in total and they are named as follows to give them their own unique first names and honour both Harry and Ginny's families/friends for middle names. Aiden James Prewett Potter – Edward Arthur Sirius Potter – Elizabeth Lily Luna Potter