I'm not your harem girl." "Of course not," he said, followed by, "You learned to belly dance?" The mental image was enticing. She conjured a scarf. "Want a demonstration?" He did, and showed his appreciation for her performance so ardently, they both fell asleep afterward and didn't wake until he heard Scorpius's voice and opened his eyes to see a Patronus mongoose peering at him from its perch on his chest. Hey, Dad, we walked down to the local market and shopped for dinner. The weather's too good to cook inside, so I'm grilling rosemary chicken, assorted veg, and peaches. Come down and we'll eat on the terrace. "We'll be down in fifteen minutes," Draco said. He watched the ghostly mongoose scamper away. Lily sat up and pushed her hair out of her face. "Are they wanting dinner?" she asked. "We could make pasta." "They went to the market and cooked for us." "You mean Scorpius cooked. Mrs. Stevens taught him well." Lily bent to kiss Draco's shoulder and then gave it a push. "Hurry. Albus will eat all the food." She scooted off the bed and ran toward the ensuite. "Belly dancing makes me work up an appetite!" "Only the dancing?" he asked when he joined her in the shower. Lily's giggles became peals of laughter when he tickled her with soapy hands. . Dinner was surprisingly free of awkward moments. Conversation centred on the food, the town of Colmar and Jean De Vigenere, the Animagus alchemist. Albus broached the topic of Lily's plan to write letters and have photographs in the paper make the family accept the reality of Lily and Draco as a couple. "Won't work anymore," he said regretfully, "No matter what threat you made in that letter, sis, Mum isn't going to keep silent." "We reckon your parents will talk to mine tonight and arrange Portkeys when the office opens in the morning," Rose said. "We'll be here to talk some sense in them when they arrive." Draco looked at Scorpius. "Where will Lily and I be?" They weren't going to hide! "Paris," Scorpius said. "I've booked you a room at a discreet, Goblin-run hotel, and Witch Weekly has an office there. In the morning, you'll send an owl offering an exclusive interview. We think Parc Monceau is where you want to do it." "Classic French formal gardens, modern café. The background is perfect for photographs," Rose said. Draco searched for something to say that wouldn't sound ungrateful. "You've given this a lot of thought." "You're two of our favourite people. We had to help," Albus said. He seemed embarrassed by his declaration, muttering, "It was like helping Scorpius brainstorm plot ideas. Fun." Lily said, "You'll have a cracking good time rehearsing what to say to our parents, then." Her cheeky tone brought smiles to the trio's faces. Scorpius said they'd clear the dishes if Draco and Lily wanted to go up and pack. "You made a reservation for tonight ?" Draco asked. "Their parents will be here first thing," Scorpius replied defensively. "You aren't an early riser." "Neither are you," Rose told Lily. They all stood, and Scorpius came around the table to hug Draco. "I love you, Dad. I want you to be happy." "I love you, too." Draco hugged Scorpius, kissed Rose's cheek, and shook Albus's hand before Disapparating. By the time Lily Apparated into the room, he'd already cast spells to remove their clothes from the wardrobe, fold them, and pile them in tidy stacks on the bed. She opened her handbag enchanted with a Capacious Charm and began to pack. She suddenly snapped the bag closed and whirled to face him, emerald eyes troubled. "You hate the idea of a tell-all in Witch Weekly , don't you?" "How did you know?" He'd thought he'd hidden his reaction to the trio's plan. "You're an intensely private person, and I loathe the thought of answering prying questions too." Anger flashed across her face. "It isn't the world's bloody damned business! Photos are one thing, an interview—no. Just no." "What are our alternatives?" "We can go to Paris, get photographed, and then hide until the family calms down." She smiled wryly. "Or until our first child is born, whichever comes first." The idea appealed. "Or?" Almost shyly, she said, "We can elope." He wasn't normally an impulsive man, yet he immediately asked, "Where?" Lily's cheeks turned pink. "I told Mum in the letter that we'd go a place called Las Vegas in America, but I read an article in a Healer's office once about a Danish island where the residency requirement is only twenty-four hours before a couple can marry." Married . . . . The word meant more than a legally recognised union to Draco. It was intimacy and security proclaimed to the world through an exchange of vows. "You'll need a ring and a dress." "We can shop in Copenhagen." Her eyes misted, and then Lily was in his arms, kissing him breathless. . . Aero Island, Denmark . . . . The Wedding Room in the Old Merchant's Court was tastefully decorated with candles and flowers. Draco only had eyes for Lily, who was a vision of loveliness in her ivory gown. They smiled at each other when the Registrar began to speak of marriage; they'd exchange private vows on the beach the night before. When asked if she took him to be her lawfully wedded husband, Lily said with a fervency that echoed his own, "Yes, I do." . . . This is the third one-shot about Lily and Draco, so if someone hasn't read Love and Alchemy or Alchemical Love (first story is her pov, second is his pov), I'd love for you to do so. I'm thinking of writing a Family Meeting one shot to let Weasleys and Potters come together and vent before skipping ahead a few years to Lily and Draco having a baby. Anyone up for more drama (with humour, of course)? Happy Easter!