wake Draco from his alcohol-deepened slumber. The way he cracked open an eyelid was very dragon-like. Lily resisted the urge to tickle him and removed the cork from a bottle of Nauseous No More. She handed it to him and removed the cork from the next bottle she'd lined up on the bedside table: Sober Up Potion. "Kreacher was handing me Pain Relief potions a couple of weeks ago. It seems like another life now. Everything has changed." "I know the feeling." Draco sat up and drank the contents of each bottle without reading the labels. Aw, somebody trusted her. She handed him a brushing/flossing mint. "So I can kiss you good morning." He chewed the mint, frowning. "Why are you dressed?" Instead of crawling back into bed wearing her short sexy chemise and taking up where they left off? When he took off his t-shirt, her reason didn't seem good enough. "We'll be travelling." Her blush-coloured sheath dress was made from a stretchy fabric that never wrinkled. The slow blink he did was also dragon-like. "Where are we going?" "Colmar, France, to start. Capital of the Alsatian wines and home of Jean De Vigenere, alchemist Animagus. Mrs. Stevens made arrangements with a wizard travel agency. We're renting a villa with a pool. Very private." They were definitely swimming nude. "Alchemist Animagus?" That would catch his attention. "The first of twelve we'll be writing about in our book." She waved her hand as if conjuring the title. " Alchemist Animagi. I'll do the drawings, and we'll work on the chapters. " She lifted a black leather briefcase from the floor and placed it on the bed. "Stevens cast a Capacious Charm. All your research on the twelve alchemists is packed inside." She picked up her tote next and set it on top of the briefcase. "I just packed enough to last a couple of weeks. There's plenty of room for your clothes." Draco shook his head as if he couldn't believe this was happening. "Your family—" "Will receive letters telling them about our work and what a wonderful time I'm having." Lily lifted her chin. "When we go to Paris, Milan, or Berlin, we'll go shopping, dine in restaurants and visit clubs where wizard photographers will see us and send photographs to the Prophet . After enough letters and enough photos, like it or not, they'll understand how we feel about each other." He gazed at her with so much hope and passion, she reckoned it was time he understood how she felt about him. Lily took off her dress. "You said we were leaving," Draco murmured. "You need a shower before we pack your things." He was off the bed, sweeping her into his arms, devouring her mouth with kisses before kissing her neck. "Astoria said I had a heart of gold concealed beneath a Malfoy façade," he said softly, "but I don't, because I wanted to be with you like this from the moment you smiled at me." He raked his teeth softly over her skin. "I'll always want you." "I don't care about gold. I only want your heart," Lily said on a moan. "It's yours," he said, and kissed her neck again before taking a sensual bite. . . End notes: Inspiration for Lily and Draco came from the play stating that Draco was reclusive before and after the death of Astoria, and his family wealth allowed him to study alchemy instead of having to get (as Lily told her parents) a real job. It also came from a tv tropes article about the stunningly attractive, high on life Manic Pixie Dream Girl who shows the stuffed shirt hero how to live freely and love madly without any goals for her own happiness. It's an overused term and limiting. Why can't a girl that's quirky and fun bring adventure to her own life as well as the brooding guy's? That's what I wanted to write. Inspiration also came from Pride and Prejudice (Draco Darcy, heh), from the intense awareness the characters felt for each other, that "Darcy had never been bewitched by any woman as he was by her," and the part of the novel where Elizabeth tours Pemberly and sees Darcy in a new light. Scorpius got the catalyst/Lady Catherine role. The "unhealthy fantasy" and not having a heart of gold concealed beneath a Malfoy façade came from JKR/Pottermore, and some fans mentioning that the actor playing Draco in the play doesn't have a receding hairline inspired me to write that he had it fixed. :D Where did "New Trio" in this story come from? Partly, MNFF's NOTP Valentine Ficathon, (I was adding a second not one true pairing) but mostly it was from the play. We're told that Albus and Rose were best mates until he got Sorted into Slytherin and started having "do we or don't we hug" conversations with Scorpius and flirting with Delphi. It's book canon that Snape carried a romantic torch for best mate Lily even though they were Sorted into different Houses and she stopped being his friend, so it isn't beyond the realm of possibility that broody Albus was pining for his former bestie (It isn't illegal in Europe to marry your first cousin; Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin both did it) and turning to others for substitutes. In the play, Scorpius has a best mates hugging relationship with Albus and a crush on Rose. Also, Draco jokes about taking orders from Hermione and mildly enjoying it. Since Rose in the play is very like her mother, it was disturbingly easy to imagine her dominating both Albus and Scorpius and all three of them enjoying it. I put a different ending on a Brutus Malfoy quote I found in HP wiki. The alchemy info I picked up (and used creatively) from . All those alchemical writings Draco must have acquired and studied; he needed Lily to give him the encouragement to make the most of it (and life).