sediment. Before being deposited, the sediment was formed by weathering and erosion from the source area, and then transported to the place of deposition by water, wind, ice, mass movement or glaciers, which are called agents of denudation. Sedimentation may also occur as minerals precipitate from water solution or shells of aquatic creatures settle out of suspension.' 'As for the dead organisms in question that become oil, they tend to die buried in it after a natural disaster like an earthquake and got buried. Then the source of heat would be lava, the liquid fire miles underground, waaay deep, way beyond oil deposits.' she continued. 'Something must have happened here that the earth opened up, creating a pool of oil.' Charlene told them. 'We can harvest this, assuming we're allowed by the chiefs up there,' she said, pointing at the sky, 'To introduce this as a resource to this world. We need their approval. However, we can't use it right away...we need to refine it first, like sieving off solid impurities within it since they did come from corpses...' the bunnies shuddered. 'Back home in Earth, in an era similar to this world's culture, people in an arid country once used it to fill lamps and then light it up. The oil would keep burning, keep the fire going until all the oil within the lamp is consumed. However, if someone spills a lit lamp with oil in it carelessly...fire spreads fast as the oil flows, reaching nearby furniture...eventually, the house burns down if left alone. And also, oil and water don't mix. Its pollution covering the water's surface. In my world, people made this mistake many times. While I'm glad to see something familiar, we should keep this to ourselves. I don't want history repeating in this world.' So they left Elbe's Cursed Swamp alone. Because of Charlene's powers, the process of learning was easy. 'Hey Charlene,' said Parna. 'You can do other magic. How come you can't teach us some of those?' 'Well, I'm from another world beyond the Gate. I ended up here at twelve years old.' said Charlene. 'Magic there breaks natural laws on a daily basis. While its OK for me to use, I cannot teach it to the people of this world or the gods will send their Apostles to kill me and students who learned what they deem 'Forbidden Magic' like turning a rock into a bird...' and she demonstrated on a nearby rock, turning it into a chick and back into a rock. Then she looked at the bunnies grimly. 'If I teach you even the simplest forbidden spell, you can be sure that we won't wake up to see tomorrow .' the bunnies gulped and shivered. 'So the most I can teach you is magic legal for people here to learn and the gods won't get me killed for it.' 'Eek...' 'Well, Rondel's knowledge of sorcery is so freaking pitiful I often want to cry.' Charlene snorted as she looked up at the starry night sky. 'However, for the sake of order, I didn't say a word because if people got access to powerful magic, war will happen. Loads of people will die.' she said, envisioning what wrongly-used magic can do. 'Destruction and devastation everywhere. So I'll teach students who know how cruel war is so they won't make the mistake of unknowingly picking a bad student who will trigger calamity through greed for power and I sure as hell don't like to be the cause just because I taught magic to the wrong person.' So she taught them Science she's learned in school and how to apply them for magic. To create fire and explosions, 'water' out of thin air(by gathering moisture in the air en masse to gather a certain amount of water), wind, manipulating earth, creating ice and freezing temperatures, and lastly, healing magic. And since nobody came to kill them, its perfectly OK. She also taught them English, her native tongue. And so...three years later, Charlene was 20 years old. As the Sage of Taste, she brought many contributions that can be safely renowned. New species of fruit, vegetables, herbs, animals for meat, leather and hide...and some plants with fibers good for making paper and cloth that can be farmed. Just that, some species need the right condition to thrive. But by showing up after three years of incognito with three Bunny Girls in tow for bodyguards, they got quite the spectacle due to their unusual, but attractive fashion. The girls wore Earth-based fashion after all. And their weapons and armor looked unusual even by standards. Charlene only made deals with noble landlords, while steering clear from those she deemed 'assholes'. The bunnies learned that insult from her and Charlene explained what that insult meant. Come summer...in a restaurant in Italica... 'Hey, have you heard?' 'Heard what?' 'The Empire! They hired a couple Sages to open a Gate! The Empire wants to invade the world beyond the gate for wealth. They're gathering at Alnus.' It was the latest gossip and for news to travel, no such thing as newspapers. News comes from bars and taverns where travelers frequent and share information to the locals. 'A Gate to another world huh?' Griine mused thoughtfully. 'I wonder what the other world is like?' 'Who knows? Either its a world worse than this one in aspects of society, or a world so advanced in knowledge and sophistication or worse, a nasty world where its no man's land.' Charlene scoffed. 'I'm lucky to end up here eight years ago. What if I ended up in a world of monsters? What if the empire opened up a gate that leads monsters worse than dragons here?' she chuckled darkly. 'There's that too,' said Delilah. 'We bunnies also came from another world once. But that was our ancestors about centuries back.' In a way, Charlene was right. Days later, in a tavern again...there were rumors of men in green dotted clothes and green vehicles...