camera on the table and whirled around to snap another photo. Harry's eyes bulged a little, reminding her of the time she'd compared them to fresh pickled toad. "I'm keeping this one," she said, at the same time Harry asked, "What are you doing?" "Mistress is sending Miss Lily a picture of the soup we makes in honour of her wedding," Kreacher said. Ginny nodded. "Danes eat Koldskål for dessert, breakfast, or for a light lunch or dinner. It's cold and summery." "Summery." Harry's tone was level, but his gaze asked a question that had nothing to do with soup. She confessed, "I want to open lines of communication." No matter what she did or who she married, Lily was still their daughter. If Malfoy hoped his wife's parents would cut her off for having poor taste in men, he'd learn differently. Spell-amplified front door chimes pealed through the house, faded, and rang again. Kreacher set the bowl on the table and picked up the insta-print. Ginny handed him the camera. "Owl Lily. I'll call for you when we're ready for dinner." Once he'd vanished, she told Harry, "We might be living on Koldskål for a while if no one stays after I tell them we're not going to lynch Malfoy." She gestured to his wizard robes. "I'll answer the door if you'd like to change." The chimes kept ringing. "Ron's leaning on the bell," Harry said with a frown. "I'll answer the door and tell them you're in the kitchen." He Apparated. Ginny arranged glasses near the assortment of wine and liquor bottles she and Kreacher had placed on the worktop to serve as a bar. They were perfectly in order, she was fiddling to keep herself busy, and decided to pour herself a glass of sparkling wine. "Merlin, is that champagne ? Are you pretending there's something worth celebrating?" Ron charged toward her. Behind him, Hermione shook her head as if her husband had forgotten his promise to try and keep his temper. Both still wore business attire. Ginny raised her wine glass. "It's Prosecco, and I needed a drink. Can I pour you a glass?" "Yes, please," Hermione replied while Ron reached for the Firewhisky bottle. A stampede of footsteps announced the entrance of her parents, brothers and sisters-in-law. Ginny asked Hermione to take over filling wine glasses and went to meet her mum. Molly shook an accusing finger. "You said her older man was a traveling companion, Ginevra!" "I didn't know they'd get married, mother!" Her mum's face turned an alarming shade of red. "That's why I didn't tell you his name!" Ginny heard the defensiveness in her tone; somehow, she'd devolved from mature woman to teenager called on the carpet. "You're the one who said it could be a holiday romance, nothing more. How was I supposed to know it wasn't?" She was aware that they were the centre of attention, and both of them spoke to the family at large as well as each other. "You let Draco Malfoy marry our Lily!" Molly yelled. "I CAN'T CHANGE THAT!" Ginny hollered back. "And neither can you!" She ignored George's low-voiced assertion that the men of the family bloody well could and said as calmly as possible, "Lily made her choice, and we'll all have to find a way to live with it." "Not me," Ron said. "I'll never accept that git into our family. Not after Fred." Ginny bit back the retort that tolerating Malfoy and being civil was the most she was prepared to do–with a few threats to ensure he was aware of the consequences of hurting Lily. She clutched Harry's hand when he moved to stand beside her. "You don't have to," Harry said. "Lily's not your daughter." The quiet words rang with authority and finality. No one spoke. Harry had made their position clear without leaving room for argument. Hermione delicately cleared her throat to break the silence. "Perhaps it's best we get together for dinner another night." On cue, Kreacher appeared by the door to the stairs. "Kreacher will show guests out, Master Harry." Hermione, Angelina, Audrey and Fleur hugged Ginny before following their husbands upstairs. Ginny looked at her mum. Would you really give up your granddaughter to shun Malfoy? Molly's face crumpled. "It's too soon," she said. "Too soon." She allowed Arthur to lead her away, her steps slow, fire reduced to ash. . Ginny watched them go and continued to stare at the empty doorway until Harry gave her fingers a comforting squeeze. She said, "Looks like we'll be having Koldskål for breakfast, lunch and dinner." "I could invite Albus, Rose and Scorpius over to share it with us and take leftovers home." Husband code: Send another message of acceptance. "All right." She tightened her grip on his hand to keep him from Apparating to the Drawing Room to conjure a communication fire in the fireplace. "Tell Scorpius I'd like to borrow a book on how to become an Animagus if he has one." Harry looked from her to the kitchen table. "I don't need a horse to ride." "True." They'd have to test the table's sturdiness–using Disillusionment Charms to ensure privacy–very soon. "But what if my Animagus form doesn't match my Patronus?" "What else would it be?" Ginny saw herself flying high above the Wiltshire countryside with Harry riding on her back. In her vision, they were both grinning. Whether it was imagination or precognition, she was left with the feeling that whatever happened in the future, they would be OK. Her smile showed teeth. "A red dragon." . . A/N: Although every one-shot should be able to stand alone, if there's a reader who has never read the ones before this: Love and Alchemy, Alchemical Love, and A Family Affair (In which Lily/Draco romance is centre stage) I'd love you to do so. And I hope anyone who disliked Ginny's health nut/sugar free characterization in Cursed Child enjoyed the way I wrote her here. :)