at Clyde who sighed. "He hasn't even revealed that you I see, well never mind it doesn't matter anyway, seeing the Prophecy was a hoax and it was just a means for Dumbledore to get at your parents especially your mother, and you Harry. You see you were not suppose to survive that night when Dumbledore's Pawn the Dark lord killed your parents. It was due to a sacrifice from your mother and ancient Pendragon magic that helped you defeat the Dark Lord that night. " Harry eyes were glowing he couldn't believe what he was hearing Dumbledore had been responsible for his parents death and used Voldemort to carry it out, hoping he would have died too. But why then was Dumbledore keeping him alive? He could have killed him instead of dumping him on the doorstep of the Dursley. Harry turned to Clyde. "If Dumbledore wanted me dead, then why did he not kill me after I had defeated Voldemort? Why did he send me to the Dursley's?" Clyde poured himself a stiff drink. "I believe I have a theory on that Harry. I believe Dumbledore wanted you to grow up and become another Dark Lord, he would then use is power and titles as Lord of the light to defeat you. Turning the masses towards him and eventually leading to his ascension to the throne of magical Britain. I know it sound sick Harry, but that is the only logical explanation. He intended for you to grow up in a environment where you would be hated and abused, making you weak and vulnerable. He would then step in and manipulate you, eventually leading you down the path of Darkness like he had done with Voldemort." Harry fell back on the sofa, he couldn't believe it, however what Clyde was saying did make sense, he was starved of love and affection, and knew only of abuse and hatred for his relatives. Then the day he had received his Hogwarts Letter and meeting Dumbledore for the first time. Clyde was right he had looked up to the headmaster and saw him as beacon of light, heck he had even defended him when he faced Voldemort in the Chamber two years ago, now he wished he would have cursed the old bastard. Before Harry could say anymore Mipsey popped in and bowed. "Master Potter, your food is ready, please make your way towards the dining area." The small elf then popped away and Harry followed Clyde and his family towards the dining room. Harry noticed Daphne excused herself and left just himself and the the older Greeengrasses to carry on the talks over his meal. Harry noticed a steaming plate of roast chicken, vegetable, roast potato, parsnips, sausage stuffing, Yorkshire puddings, with a jug of what he presumed was gravy on the side. He also noticed several vials beside his plate. Harry sat down and noticed Mipsey popped in beside him. "Master Potter, is skin and bones, Master Potter must take potions." Harry took the vials and inspected them. He looked across to Clyde. "Potions to help rectify your body Harry, its clear you are suffering from Malnutrition and we need to start getting your body prepared for your training. You have missed a lot Harry, in fact you were suppose to start when you turned five. Your father was well aware of his wife heritage Harry, and he and she would have started your training had they been alive. In their Will you were suppose to come to us, or your Godfather who is also a descendent from a Knight of the round table. Sir Percival to be exact. The Longbottom family along with the Bones family also are descendent from the Knights of the round table. Sir Gawain for house Longbottom and Sir Tristan for house Bones. Along with house Greengrass we have waited in the shadow, waiting for a male heir to be born." Harry grimaced at the taste of the potion, he then began to tuck into his roast. He was very hungry. "So now that I have been born all four of you are going to stand by me and support and help me claim my birthright?" Clyde nodded. "Tomorrow along with Sirius we will be visiting Gringotts, it is time everything was revealed to you Harry. Due to your lack of training in most magical arts and hand to hand combat this Manor and everyone inside will be going into a time bubble. Where time on the outside will freeze allowing us to get you up to speed and finally ready to obtain your birthright Excalibur, but that is a long way of yet." Harry looked up. "Daphne didn't seem that thrilled with the possibility of marrying me. Is there anyway to cancel the contract, I don't mean to be rude but I would rather marry for love then convenience. I also don't want to push Daphne into anything she is uncomfortable with?" Clyde looked across at the table. "The contract is Ironclad Harry, Daphne as already been spoken to and brought up with knowing that you would one day be her future husband and your queen. I would give a little time to think things over." After his meal he thanked Clyde and Sylvia and then was shown to his room. His room was 3x the size of the master bedroom at the Dursley. The room was furnished in an expensive taste. His bed was four posted and was easy a King Size. Harry turned to Sylvia who pointed to a door on his left. "That is your en-suite Harry, it has a bath and shower. I will wake you in the morning." Harry noticed Sylvia closed his door and left him alone to get ready for bed. He quickly discarded his clothes and slipped into the quilt, Harry couldn't believe how quickly his life had changed. He was the future king of magical Britain. Harry only one thought. "Tops being the boy-who-lived"