really uses anymore – we came up with it in seventh year. Or rather, as Potions and I have never got along, James and Sirius did, with some input from Lily – they told her it was a hypothetical project, though she really should have known better than to believe that . It causes the drinker to break into song – lasts about three minutes normally, just long enough for one song. We used it a lot at Hogwarts – for a month or so a day wouldn't go by without a batch of Hufflepuffs singing about friendship, Gryffindors challenging each other to karaoke duels, Ravenclaws putting their study notes to music and Slytherins cursing their Housemates to step them breaking into any embarrassing musical numbers." "Do you have any choice in the song?" Remus shrugged, "a little, it sort of plays on your particular thoughts at that moment or something important about you. So if you really liked Quidditch you might sing about that, or if you had just finished your exams it would probably be a song about how glad you were they were over." "And for a werewolf," Harry said with a little grin, "it might be Hungry Like the Wolf ." Remus smiled good-naturedly, "yes, Harry, but I'll get my revenge on Sirius soon enough … I wonder how he might react if he lost all of his perfectly styled hair." When Hermione came in to tell Harry that they needed to get back to Hogwarts to avoid their absence being noted, she found him quite hysterical and with tears of laughter running down his face. Remus had an impish smirk on his face. She decided it was best not to ask. "You haven't tried to contact me using the mirror yet," Sirius said to Harry as they moved towards the front door. "Mirror?" Hermione recalled Harry tucking away a package from Sirius on the train at the start of the year. He had never mentioned what it was and she realised he had probably forgotten to open it. She turned her head to see Sirius looking almost relieved. It took a moment for her to work out that he must have assumed that Harry had opened whatever it was that Sirius had given him but never used it. Sirius had never mentioned it – maybe he just thought Harry hadn't wanted to contact him. That was ridiculous of course – Harry adored Sirius. Males, she decided, were stupid about feelings. She listened as Sirius explained to Harry about the mirror and how he had the twin. It didn't surprise Hermione in the slightest to discover that Sirius and James Potter had created such items – it showed both their magical skills and their sense of mischief. It would also mean a much safer way for Harry to contact Sirius. The disaster with Umbridge's hand in the fire had shown them how careful they needed to be in their correspondence. "Make sure you use the mirror from now on," Sirius told Harry, his words mirroring Hermione's thoughts, "with Umbridge in charge you can't trust any communications by fireplace or post. Besides, you probably shouldn't try calling the fire here, I don't know how an incoming fire-call would be affected by the Fidelius Charm and anyway, you might have the misfortune of that blasted Kreacher answering and Merlin knows what rubbish he'd spew at you." Remus used the Disillusionment Charm on Hermione and pushed her out of the door before she could start an argument with Sirius over House Elf treatment. Harry hugged his godfather one last time before pulling on his Invisibility Cloak and following Hermione and Remus out. He couldn't stop smiling. Epilogue – Four Years Later When Harry heard the screaming his first thought was that there was a dark wizard loose in the Ministry or that one of the maximum security prisoners had escaped. A wizard ran past him whimpering while a witch wearing Auror robes looked horrified, "it's disgusting," she told them as she fled with the crowd, "don't look." Sirius, unable to resist discovering what had so traumatised the Ministry workers, a number of whom had faced down dark wizards and dangerous creatures, moved forward and Harry followed him. They went against the flow of people streaming towards the doors and tried not to burst with curiosity when, on reaching the double doors to Courtroom One, they saw Fred, George, Ginny, Remus, Tonks, Kingsley and Bill holding each other up as they laughed madly. They were so overcome by amusement that they were unable to speak and when Harry gave them a questioning look they only gestured towards the open doors. Harry and Sirius entered with some trepidation and what a sight they saw. A huge, luridly pink toad – the ugliest Harry had ever seen – squatted in the middle of the courtroom, making a high pitched noise that was more screeching that the normal noise expected from a toad and hopping indignantly around in a small magical containment area. "Hey," Harry said to his godfather as he remembered the main story on the front page of the Daily Prophet that morning, "wasn't Umbridge's trial supposed to be here today?" He and Sirius looked at the hideous toad, then at each other and then at Hermione, who stood twirling her wand a few metres away with a triumphant expression on her face. "So Sirius," she said with a grin, "I believe you owe me a library." And thus the earlier introduction of the twin mirrors means no battle at the Department of Mysteries and Sirius lives. Then in my personal headcanon the butterfly effect means Remus, Tonks, Fred etc. are then also saved because they all deserve to live. Besides, I've always found it strange that Harry would somehow forget the cool secret present Sirius gave him. It's sort of a cruel plot point that he only remembers it when it's too late. Thanks for reading. Hope you enjoyed it.