feel like enough, however, so they had proceeded to Diagon Alley, where they had found a conveniently placed window that they could pry open to push two strings of flesh coloured wire inside—Extendable Ears. Justin and Felicity listened to what was going on in the storage space at the Apothecary. There was a whole lot of nothing before they were rewarded for their patience. Feet were moving on the floor. Heavy objects were being shifted. "People have been asking questions, Carmichael." Justin recognized the proprietor's voice. "What people?" "A Daily Prophet reporter." "You didn't say anything, did you?" "I said my name, and my age, and the name of the company, and what you do." "Are you stupid as well as ugly? Why did they come asking questions in the first place?" "They thought the prices were strange." "You changed the prices?" "Of course, I did. It wouldn't be honest to overprice the wares so much." A string of inelegant cursing followed. "Shift the prices back up to normal levels, you idiot. There was never anything honest about it. The whole point of this is to sell the goods at a store with a good reputation to keep the prices high and make a huge profit." "How will I explain the increased price?" "I don't know. Tell them we went bankrupt and that you had to return to your old supplier, but only say something if you're asked. There's no point in giving away free information. Fix this! I have to go do some actual work." Footsteps clued them in that 'Carmichael' was leaving. "We must follow him," hissed Felicity, "see where he's going." "If he Apparates, there's no way we'll be able to, and no, grabbing onto him isn't a good idea. We'll get splinched." "Job hazard." "Felicity!" She was already up and moving. Justin followed, but the crowd in the Alley proper held him back, and he could only look on helplessly as his concerns became a reality. Felicity had grabbed onto a man as he was about to Disapparate. The two of them disappeared. A moment later, Justin let out a gush of air. Felicity had popped back into view. She waved him over and then sent them both tumbling in another Apparition. "What the-" She hushed him harshly and forced him to duck down. "I hit him with a Confundus Charm and managed to looked around and get a clear picture before he could shake it off. Then I came back for you. Easy." "You're crazy." "You say the sweetest things." They were in a forest. The trees were tall and let very little light down to the floor. It was cold, and an uncanny feeling was rising within Justin. In a clearing ahead of them, a few wizards had gathered, among them the man Felicity had hitched a ride from. "Have you tracked the beasts?" Carmichael asked. "Yeah. Five minutes' walk. I got the hands and the powder." "Let's do it. St Mungo's wants more horns." Justin and Felicity followed as silently as they could, and within the promised five minutes, luminescent, white shapes became visible between the trees. It was a huge herd of unicorns. The wizards lit some candles that were set in something Justin couldn't see, and then he really couldn't see. Everything turned pitch black, the light of the unicorns going out. For a second, he panicked, thinking that he'd gone blind. Then it struck him. "The Darkness Powder," he whispered. The next few minutes were some of the worst in Justin's life. The darkness incapacitated them, making them unable to do anything. They could only hear the distress of the unicorns as they were manhandled and mutilated, tortured on account of the profit their horns could give these wizards. Then everything changed. One crack after another filled the air around them, and spells were flying everywhere, a few weak flashes joining shouted words and the whooshing sound of magic. It was near chaos. Justin had his own wand out, transfiguring a protective barrier around himself and Felicity. Eventually, everything quieted down. "Mr. Finch-Fletchley! Miss Jenkins!" Justin recognized the voice; it belonged to the smiling Auror lady they'd spoken to before going to Diagon Alley. They made themselves known and were escorted to a place the Darkness Powder hadn't reached. There, they were treated to an explanation for the Aurors' timely arrival. "I suspected that this would happen." "What?" The Auror smiled at them, making her seem all motherly. "I didn't expect exactly this, but I knew that you were going to continue your investigation, and I wanted to keep an eye on you. I put tracking spells on each of you, and don't you get upset with me, Mr. Finch-Fletchley. I know the law and did not break it. Infringement of personal integrity is loosened once someone is involved in a case, and you most certainly are, even if you're on the side of the good guys. I read everything in the form you filled in and conducted a short investigation of my own. You've stumbled onto something big indeed. These people are looking forward to a quite extended stay in Azkaban to pay for what they've done. You'll get to write an article that'll sell many papers, though I'll have to insist that I get to veto what goes into it. This is far more serious than taxation records, and not everything belongs to the public." Justin gave a tight nod. "We can work with that." "I look forward to reading your article. Now, let's get you safely back to London. I'm sure you've seen enough adventure for one day." The End A/N 30th January 2017 I didn't want to write this round. I've no idea why. I feel like I've lost the spark. Still, it became a story. A story that probably would have been better if I'd been able to use more words. I tell you, writing stories that are no more than 3000 words is torture.