Minerva McGonagal should be next on the list. We also leave in the care of Griphook, our bank manager, a letter to give to Harry upon his first visit. Harry should also know that if a man named Peter Pettigrew tries to talk to him, leave as soon as possible, as he is not what he says he is. If a man named Remus Lupin tries to talk to you, listen to what he says, as he is a good friend." at the end of the will, Griphook handed the letter from his parents to Harry. "Why was I left with the Dursleys, when it says it should never happen? Who is this Sirius Black, or Selena Lovegood? Or the others mentioned in the will?" "Sirius Black is behind bars because he betrayed your parents to Lord Voldemort. Selena Lovegood died a year ago. Alice and Frank Longbottom are unable to help you, and Minerva McGonagal is a Professor at Hogwarts. It seems there was no one else to watch over you. Remus Lupin has an infliction that would not allow him to be your guardian." "Well, I'm sorry, but there is no way I will be going back to the Dursleys, as they are even worse then what my mum said. I was lucky when I got lost at the park, and I have lived well enough on my own. Did my parents leave me a home to live in?" "One that is livable and one that is not. The one for you is in Chadwick, while the other is in Godrics Hollow. It was destroyed the night your parents were killed." "Was I with them the night they crashed?" "What do you mean crashed? Your parents were killed by Lord Voldemort, saving your life. They were heroes, and you took all the honors when you killed Voldemort." Harry saw where there was a long story ahead of him, so he passed on hearing it. He asked how much he had in the vault he had access to. "This is your trust fund for your schooling and it has 100,000 galleons in it. More than enough to get you through school. However, what ever you spend will be replenished after a year has gone by. Do you wish the keys to your home?" "Yes please. Thank you for your time Griphook." and he left to visit his vault. The stacks of coins in the vault looked huge to Harry and he took what he hoped was all he needed. He took his list out and began his buying spree. He bought everything on his list except for a familiar and a wand. He looked for a familiar, but didn't find one that he felt was right. He left there and went for his wand. Olivander had been in business for longer than he could remember, taking over the business from his father. Not once in all those years did he not find a wand for a customer. He prided himself on having every known combination of features in stock. He had been restocking when he heard the bell ring over the entry. He eased out into the store and saw a boy he thought he knew. "Hello, are you here to purchase a wand? You look familiar, do I know you, or have we met?" "No, this is my first visit here. I am here to look for a wand, though I don't think I really need one. I can do magic on my own." "But I doubt you can do everything without a wand. No one can. A wand helps you to focus and channel your magic. Now, what sat we give it a try, shall we?" "If you say so. What do you suggest?" "I don't know until I take some measurements. Shall I get started?" after a nod from Harry he continued, "Good, now raise your arms straight out, that's it." and he measured his arm length. Then he did it for his upper body and lower body. He then went to the back and brought out over a dozen wands for Harry to try. Before he did he was asked, "By the way, what is your name?" He had to step back when Harry told him. "But you should have been measured last year?" "I didn't have the money last year, or at least I didn't think I did. I saved up for this year. Does it make a difference when I go?" It was not unusual for this to happen, but he never expected it from Harry Potter, son of James and Lily Potter. How was it he didn't know of his inheritance. He didn't approach Harry with this though. Harry had tried all the wands brought out to him, but none were right. Neither were the next batch or the one after that. Ollivander was beginning to think Harry was right. He tried one more wand that he didn't really wish to bring out. He handed it to Harry and nothing happened with it. Harry handed it back to Ollivander. "I'm sorry sir, but like I said, I don't think I really need a wand. I have done everything I set t out to do without one." and Harry gave him a demonstration which left Ollivander speechless. It was just as Harry said. Even ones that Ollivander asked him to try. He reached under his counter and brought out a blank wand. "In case you are asked, show whoever asks this and you should be alright. It has a fairy wing and pixie dust core. It is magical, but not strong enough to support your magic. It is just for show. Good day to you Harry." and he watched as the boy left his shop. He immediately contacted Albus to let him know he had been to his shop. He didn't tell him about the wand. Harry was now ready to start his schooling, of course it wouldn't be for another 10 months.