quietly, their eyes drooping lazily as their parents watched in awe. A few moments later, the pair lost the battle and drifted into a contented slumber. x . x . x . x . x The one born of dark blood in the midst of the seventh will grow to become the shaper of magic's future. Her potential for greatness will be unmatched. To control her is to control the future. Voldemort sighed as he dropped the slip of parchment on his already crowded desk. A soft knock brought his attention to the issue at hand. With a flick of his wand, the door cracked open to reveal his guests. "Please, gentlemen. Have a seat." He swept a hand toward the armchairs in front of his desk, his eyes following the men as they took their seats. Minutes passed in silence, though the men stayed resolutely still as they waited. "Severus, Lucius. I find myself in a bit of a quandary." Voldemort steepled his fingers as his bright eyes narrowed on his closest confidants. "Before I begin, I must impress upon you the importance that this information does not leave this room. The consequences would be most unpleasant should I find that my trust has been misplaced." The two men glanced at each other before resting their eyes upon the Dark Lord. "I believe I speak for Lucius as well when I say that you have our utmost loyalty, My Lord. You can trust us with anything." Nervous anticipation wound itself through their veins as they waited. Without uttering a sound, Voldemort plucked the tiny piece of parchment from his desk and held it out to the men. Their heads leaned together as eyes skimmed the words quickly. "I'm afraid I don't follow, My Lord." Severus raised an eyebrow at his friend. "It's obvious, isn't it? This is the child they stole; Hermione." Voldemort nodded silently as his lieutenant contemplated this new information. "I thought the girl was born in September." Voldemort nodded again. "That she was. The interesting thing about this prophecy however, is that it predates modern calendars. One of my followers who works in the Department of Mysteries unearthed it buried in the rubble of an ancient Roman temple." The two men stared blankly at him and Voldemort sighed. "In the history of magic, it is a well known fact that those of the purest blood carry the most power. However, in modern times, the bloodlines have become horribly dilute. Even those of the purest lines, such as yours Lucius, have non magical blood within the last twenty generations. Mathematically, it's the only possible explanation, especially during times of war, plague and famine." The blond before him sneered, but Voldemort just waved a hand dismissively. "Truly, I couldn't care less." At this, both men's mouths dropped in astonishment. "But...M-my Lord you-and we…" The Dark Lord's mouth curled into a sinister smile. "What sort of leader would I be to teach the importance of blood purity when I myself am merely a half-blood? No, blood purity is a convenient recruiting tool, nothing more. It's political misdirection to conceal our true agenda." Lucius cleared his throat as he struggled to come to grips with this new reality. "And what agenda is that, My Lord?" "Power." The air in the study seemed to thicken as tendrils of magic seeped from the man before them. It twined and twisted as it caressed the men; the sheer strength of it robbing them of speech. The physical manifestation of the Dark Lord's power pulsed as Lucius and Severus sat riveted to their chairs. An instant later, the air cleared as Voldemort drew his magic back into himself. His followers sagged against the plush cushions of their seats, their breaths coming in broken heaving gasps. "As I said," he continued as if their brush with terror hadn't just occurred, "Once this particular prophecy was brought to my attention, I began searching. This girl is who the prophecy foretold." "How can you be sure? In the thousands of years since it was made, surely there was another-" "No." Lucius' mouth snapped shut at the hint of disapproval in Voldemort's voice. "Spontaneous magic is a rare thing. A child with no magical family history is almost a non entity. In fact, there have only been a few hundred cases in the last thousand years." "How is that possible? In my year alone, there were at least three. I know there were six in Narcissa's year." "The Ministry investigates every supposed Muggleborn student. The vast majority have unrealized magical blood somewhere in their family tree. Squibs, if you will." His lieutenant blinked owlishly at him and he suppressed a smirk. "Since the beginning of the Ministry's records, Hermione is the only true Muggleborn whose birth falls in the month of September." "I still don't-" "OH!" Severus exclaimed, mildly flushing as he realized he'd interrupted his friend. He twisted in his seat, tugging frustratedly at his robes as they twisted around his legs. "There were ten months in the original Roman calendar, starting in March. September was, in fact, the seventh month." The blond's eye lit in realization. "September 19. In the midst...ah." His lips pursed in sudden amusement as he glanced at his leader. "You gave Bella a mudblood to raise?" "Not as far as she knows. As of right now, only you and Minerva are aware of Hermione's true origins. And it will stay that way." It was unneccessary to elucidate the consequences of noncompliance and the two men both nodded in agreement. "Now, return to your lovely wife, Lucius. Give her my best. Severus, a moment?" The blond stood and dipped his head as a farewell before sweeping grandly from the room. Severus turned back to his old mentor. "There is a war coming, Severus." The dark haired man sat placidly as he waited for further explanation. He'd known this was inevitable since before he'd left Hogwarts. "Are you still in touch with your flower?"