to Euphemia's husband, strode into the room. His fevered gaze travelled over the timeline on the wall and rested on the thin mattress on a child's narrow bed. "I killed Euphemia too quickly," he said. "I should have wrung the Augurey's neck and shoved its heart down her throat until she choked on it." He lifted a chestnut wand—Euphemia's wand. "Reveal yourself, Delphini." Euphemia was dead, but Mrs. Peck might still be alive. Delphini cast a counterspell and stepped away from the wall. Rodolphus's eyes gleamed. "You can charm with your looks, like your father did when he was young and used such things to advantage, but you've got Bellatrix's stubborn chin." Softness left his tone. "But you're not your mother, girl. You'll do as you're told." His mind was guarded, but his Occlumency skills were so rusty, it was like pushing open an unlocked gate to slip into his mind. He was thinking Rowle house would suit his purposes once he got rid of Euphemia's body and her ugly bird and gave the housekeeper he'd immobilised with a Full Body-Bind Curse the choice to make an Unbreakable Vow and live as his loyal servant or die. Rodolphus planned to teach Lord Voldemort's child to revere her pure-blood heritage and the Dark Arts. And once she'd fulfilled the Prophecy, his master would use or dispose of her as he pleased. Delphini should hate them all, her mother, father, and Rodolphus, but she didn't. She pitied them because they were ignorant and cruel, and because she wouldn't be used. " Accio wand !" she cried. The moment it flew into her hand, she waved it and silently incanted Confundo! "Are you threatening me?" Rodolphus asked. His tone wasn't angry or incredulous. It matched his expression: confused. He put a hand to his temple. "Why does my head suddenly ache?" "I'm changing your memories," Delphini said, frowning so hard in concentration that her head ached too. "Your wife never had a child. Euphemia summoned you here. She loved you, and you killed her because you hated her Augurey." "I did?" Rodolphus swayed on his feet. Delphini nodded. "And you're very sorry you did it. So sorry, you're going to go to the drawing room and drink Euphemia's sherry and fall asleep until Aurors arrest you." "Yes," he said, "I need a drink. I should've killed the bird, not Euphemia." "But you won't kill it. You'll open a window and let it fly away." "Good riddance." His voice was bitter, yet sorrowful. He peered at her as though she looked familiar. "Who are you?" "No one. You won't remember me." She snapped the wand in half. "You broke this, and you're sorry for that too." She held out the pieces and Rodolphus took them and walked out of the nursery. . Delphini used Shrinking Charms on all her books and stuffed them into her Flourish and Blott's rucksack before creeping downstairs to the library. She silently used a Summoning Charm to retrieve all the hidden pouches of Galleons. She dumped them on top of the books. The door to the drawing room was closed. She pressed her ear to the door and heard snoring. Delphini continued to the entrance hall and cast a counterspell to release Mrs. Peck from the Body-Bind Curse followed by a Confundus Charm to keep her from screaming and to make her follow Delphini outside. "You're going to walk down the street," she said, pointing to the left "and when you reach the last house, then you can scream." You'll remember a madman attacking your employer, but you won't remember me. Delphini turned to the right and ran as fast as she could until she reached the next street. She put her wand hand in the air to summon the Knight Bus. It was all she could do not to burst into tears when it appeared. She boarded the bus and paid the conductor. The lower level was filled with beds, but at the very back there was a single fixed berth. Delphini sat on it and thought of Cassie's dreams and the insight her friend had given her the day they met. Forgiving isn't something you do for someone else. It's something you do for yourself. It's saying, "You're not important enough to have a stranglehold on me." It's saying, "You don't get to trap me in the past. I am worthy of a future." "Beg pardon, miss," the conductor said. She glanced up in a daze. "Yes?" He smiled at her kindly. "I forgot to ask your destination. Looks like you're going on a trip." He gestured toward her lumpy rucksack. Delphini rubbed the bar closure of her bracelet and showed him the address. "I'm going home." . . After I wrote Bellatrix's story in The Road to Delphi , I couldn't help wanting to write a one-shot about Delphini Riddle. Not a "canon" story (I consider the play author-approved fan fiction, myself), but a What if? AU tale. I could see Delphini being a Matilda sort of girl, a little genius who teaches herself how to read, comes into her powers, and finds a "honey" of a forever friend. "Those who fail to learn from history" is a quote from Winston Churchill, and the first "entry" on the Lestranges that Delphini reads is a direct quote from the Pottermore article Who Are the 'Sacred Twenty-Eight'? I adapted the Disillusionment and Confundus Charm information from HP Wiki and the books (especially Harry and Snape's use of it to control others in book 7 and the summoned donkey in the wizard tale). I didn't want Rodolphus to have to take off his clothes to be summoned (although "Put your clothes back on, nutter!" was fun to write), but it wasn't feasible any other way, and hopefully his long beard covered any bits a child shouldn't have to see, even if she is precocious and able to Confund a Death Eater into drinking sherry and sleeping until Aurors arrive.