the idea of returning to Malfoy Manor, that is. His mother seemed to know that he was mulling over her suggestion. Standing, her smirk softening into a smile, Narcissa walked up to Draco. Reaching up, she cupped his cheek. As often occurred when his mother annoyed him, her touched calmed him, if only a bit. "This will be good," she said softly. "For all of us, I think. Won't it be nice to have a family again?" Draco nodded, if only to appease her. But he couldn't help thinking that he already rather enjoyed his family, even if it was only his mother, his father, and him. His mother and aunt did not linger long. Draco wondered if they feared he'd abandon this ridiculous arrangement, run away and simply refuse to return until they gave his freedom back to him. But he did not run. Sure, he might have been a bit bad-tempered as he watched the two women leave but that was the worst of it. When the door clicked shut behind them, he glanced at the boy. The child stared sullenly back. Had his hair gotten darker? The locks on his head looked as black as the night sky. Draco couldn't recall now if it had been black or brown when he first saw him. Perhaps it was that simply everything seemed darker now that they were stuck together. The pair stared at each other for a long moment before Draco looked away. Beside the young boy were two large bags. This was official. Draco was officially babysitting a child for the summer. Lightly clearing his throat, the boy interrupted Draco's thoughts. "Uncle Draco?" Draco frowned. Hadn't they already gone over this? "I'm not your uncle," Draco repeated once more, pushing himself out of the seat he had been occupying. He turned his back towards the child, stepping further into the kitchen and grabbing a pastry off the counter. Taking a bit of his snack, Draco turned back to face the Lupin boy. His dark eyebrows were furrowed, his eyes scrutinizing him. "What should I call you then?" My God, Draco should've just let the boy call him uncle, even if the idea of that repulsed him. Draco wanted to ignore him and head back to bed. That was not an option, however. "Sir, Master, Lord Malfoy—" Draco listed dryly. The boy stared at him blankly. He was joking , of course. Couldn't the kid take a joke? Draco sighed, taking another bite of the pastry. It would be nice to be called sir, though. That would show his idiot friends who had absolutely no faith that he could manage to watch a child… for two months. Two months. Someone end this torture now. "Draco is fine, I suppose," he allowed. The boy's face scrunched up. "Harry said to call you slimy git." A scowl marred Draco's face. Thankfully Ginny wasn't here. He could almost hear her laughter in his head as he stormed off to his room. )*(*)*( It was always exhausting, doing dinner at the Burrow with the whole family. And yet, every Friday, Ginny went to her childhood home, played with her nieces and nephew, helped her mum cook, teased her brothers, and gossiped with her sisters-in-law. She knew it wouldn't be like this forever, especially since the children seemed to be growing up so fast, and that it was worth the fatigue. But she still liked to complain just a little as she changed into her pajamas and heated the kettle. Turning on the gramophone before laying out on the couch, Ginny closed her eyes and waited for the familiar whistle of the teapot. Tomorrow she should probably clean her flat, in case her mum decided on another surprise visit this weekend. No matter how many times Ginny stopped by the Burrow to see her, her mum always made sure to come by the flat unexpectedly. It was getting a little ridiculous, to be honest. Perhaps she should ask George how to bring that up to Molly, though Merlin knew that he wasn't going to know what to say— A brief, quick tapping at the front door jolted her from her thoughts. Sitting up, Ginny glanced around. Tap, tap, tap. Ginny groaned. Speaking of George… she hoped he hadn't decide to come over with another bottle of Firewhiskey. Last week when George had decided to stop by for a Friday night drink she had hardly been able to get out of bed until Sunday. Pushing her hair out of her face, Ginny wrenched open the front door. "I refuse to clean up your vomit again, Geo—Malfoy? What? What are you doing here?" Standing in her doorway, looking extremely tired, stood a disheveled Draco. She studied him quickly, surprised. They very rarely spent any time together outside of Quidditch practice or games. The sight of him instantly sent her pulse rocketing. "Are you drunk?" she asked, the words slipping from her mouth before she could stop them. His face was pale and drawn, his eyes feverish. Draco's fists were clenched at his sides but he didn't seem angry, just frustrated. What was going on? He hadn't responded to his letter… maybe this was his way of answering her? "I wish," Draco grumbled. "Weasley, I… ugh, hell, Weasley, I need your help." And, from behind Draco, Teddy stepped into view. )*(*)*( Author's Note: Many thanks again to my beta, dwellingindreams , for helping me out with this story! She was seriously a life saver. Below is the prompt I was given by Charlie. Let me know what you think! Hope everyone enjoyed the first chapter. Charlie's Prompt #2 Basic Premise: Somehow, against all odds, they've become friends. He knows nothing about children, and when he ends up with Teddy for the summer, he turns to her for help. Must Haves: Secretly (or not-so-secretly) pining Ginny, Oblivious Draco No-Nos: Dark/Sad, Scat, Blood, HG/SS Side Pairing, HG/LM Side Pairing Rating Range: Any Bonus Points: A kitchen-related "disaster"; Smut