I can turn my life around and make friends at this Halloween party. A little too hopeful, maybe? What do you think?" he asked sardonically. "I don't know. Why don't you go out there and we'll see what happens," Hermione suggested rudely. He gave a dark laugh, impressed with her bite. "We both know none of them want to be near me." "And yet, here you are, bothering me with your presence." "I'm stung, Head Girl. Isn't it your duty to have compassion for your fellow students in their time of need? Like you did for me two weeks ago?" Hermione felt gooseflesh break out on her skin. She had known as soon as she'd heard his voice that somehow it would be brought up. She stood and turned towards him. He grinned and looked her up and down. "Two weeks ago, I did what any prefect would have done in my situation," she said. "I heard screaming so I followed it to the locked broom closet. The fact that it was jinxed and trapped me in there with you was unfortunate." "Unfortunate?" he mused, looming over her. "I'd say it was more of an awakening." "We were trapped in there for hours. Tensions were high—" "Bodies were close—" he interrupted. "—and then Professor Flitwick found us and let us out." "We almost kissed," he said. The words were heavy, like a sticky bind between them. Hermione staggered backwards, her back hitting the trunk of the gnarled tree. "N-no we didn't." But she was lying. She felt a shiver go through her. Because it was cold. Yes, over here in the quiet, away from the dancing bodies, it was cold. The forest mists were dancing at the edge of this tree. That's why she was shivering. It had nothing to do with the tall, angular wizard standing so close to her. Cautiously, he placed the tips of his fingers on her side, brushing the blue-green faience beads of her dress. She had the intrusive thought that if she weren't wearing a slip beneath the dress, that he would be able to brush her skin through the little holes in the delicate beadwork. The heat of him was affecting her anyway. "No," she choked, panicked that they could be seen. "Not here." "Then where?" He looked crestfallen that she made him stop—until in her panic he realized that she'd slipped round the tree, where she wasn't in view of the dancing crowd anymore. "Here?" With two quick strides, he followed her to her hiding place. "I-I—Do you realize who you are talking to?" She could hardly talk. She could hardly breathe . "The girl who tried to save me from the evil broom closet," he quipped. "The girl who was vulnerable and who told me she's been lonely too. The only person who's given a damn about me since I've come back to this forsaken school. Is that a good enough answer for you, Granger? It's you I'm talking to. It's you, Hermione Grange—" It was like that magnetic pull that night they'd been in the dark. But this time she gave in. Before she knew it, she'd tugged him flush to her by the plate of his armor and that's all the answer he needed. Suddenly they were kissing. His lips were warm and pliant and she gasped when she felt his tongue slide against the seam of her lips. He took her gasp as an opportunity and slid his tongue into her mouth as his hand slipped into her long curly brown hair and tugged in hot base need before softening into cradling the back of her head from the tree. In her head were their voices on that night they were trapped in the dark. Malfoy had told her that he'd never stopped hearing her screams or the noises of death from the Manor. She'd told him that Ron had pulled away from her after the war when she'd begged him to come back to Hogwarts with her and he'd said he didn't need her bossing him around like a second mum. Malfoy had told her that the Dark Mark on his arm was cursed permanently to his flesh. She'd admitted that the 'Mudblood' carved into her arm was a permanent curse as well. They both admitted they were back in Hogwarts because they weren't ready for the outside world yet. Hermione pulled her kiss-swollen lips away when she was starved for breath. "I knew it," Malfoy exhaled, dragging in breath. "Wh-what?" Hermione asked in shock, her body rampaging with staggering feelings. "That kissing you would be the smartest thing I've ever done." Hermione choked out a laugh, feeling shocked, pleased, and half-crazed. "Really? Because this might be the daftest thing I've ever done." He kissed her quiet again. Slower. Sweeter. It made her ache even more. By the time they needed to come up for air again she was lifted against the tree with her legs wrapped around his waist. One of her delicate beaded straps had fallen down her brown shoulder and exposed one of her breasts. He dipped his head down and sucked her nipple, his hardness grinding against her core. "Malfoy," she moaned in lust. "I'm not ready." He let her nipple slip from his mouth, exposing it to the cool night air and gave it one last delicate kiss. "I know," he whispered. He slipped the strap back up her shoulder and lent his forehead against hers. Breathing deeply, he stayed trapping her against the tree for a few more long moments, kissing her sweetly. Slowly her legs slid down and her beaded dress fell back into place. "This was a nice party, Granger," he said with a grin, leaning against the tree once more. "Looking forward to the next one." And if she was being honest with herself, she was as well. She made a mental note to get with Parvati, Ginny, and Luna to see about planning a Christmas party. Fin.