after missing us for so long?" Lily looked at him and answered him, "Need you ask? He hasn't seen us in ages, then he pops in after so long and wants to know how we are doing and what our plans were. Then Dumbledore comes in and says there is a Prophecy about Harry and Neville and Lord Voldemort. So, what do you all think?" Dobby answered first, "Sounds like snakeface has a new follower and he is looking for something. I don't like the sound of this." Sirius squealed when he heard this, "What did you do Dobby, read my mind. That was exactly what I was thinking to include the nickname." Dobby fell to the floor as if fainting, "OH NO! I am becoming Sirius Black's mind. What can I do to get out of it? No wait a minute, That can't be true, because my mind is greater than his, so why would I want to drop to his level." After finishing her laughter, Lily once again started talking, "Well, to get on with it, I think Dobby is right, and Peter is working for Voldemort. Now, what can we do to take advantage of this?" James just said, "Take advantage of it? We should get away from it. Move someplace else so he can't find us." Dobby jumped up and said, "That's brilliant!" and he started to dance around. "Dobby, I don't know what you are talking about. That does not solve the problem. If he wants to find us, He will and there is nothing we can do about it." "I know that Missy Lily, but what if we use Peter to set a trap for Voldemort and use this house as the target. Dumbledore said something about performing the Fidelius Charm on her. Why not, and use Peter as the Keeper. We do this after we have moved into your new house." Sirius looked confused, "Why would we let Peter be our Keeper if we hardly ever see him?" "It is because of that is why we do it. If we hardly ever see him then there's more of a chance of him thinking he is the perfect one to do it with. No one would think of him as being a secret keeper." Dobby added. "But he will turn over the secret to Voldy? Someone may be killed because of it." "That's right, and if we play this right, it will be Voldy who is the one killed. That's why they call it a trap." "But what about the house, it could be destroyed?" "Would you rather see Harry, James and Lily killed?" Remus asked. "Of course not, but they will need a new place to live and Black Manor is not an option. The only things that deserves to live there are the rats. And Kreacher." "What about Potter Manor? Mother and Father left it for me and it is vacant. I have to tell you that it is kind of big." James brought up. Dobby asked James to take him there so he could do it himself next time. He did and seconds later they were back with Dobby saying, "Now, that's a house. You could fit this entire home in the sitting room. And that was all I saw of it." Lily looked at James and he saw it. He replied, "Lily, it is as Dobby said, It is huge and spacious and clean and way too much for you to take care of." "I'll be there too, won't I?" Dobby asked. "Sorry, of course you will. I guess you could help with the cleaning." "Is that why you never mentioned it to me before?" Lily complained. James lowered his head with his answer, "It brings back bad memories of mum and dad." Lily realized what he was saying and ran to him for a hug and a kiss. "I'm sorry James, I wasn't thinking." "No Lils, I wasn't thinking. You deserve the best and it is by far the best. Dad loved his luxury and mum loved the gardens." "There's more than one garden?" Lily chirped. "Oh yeah. There's the rose garden, the variety flowered garden, the vegetable garden and the herbs garden with both muggle and magical herbs." Lily didn't want to start it again, so she held back until later. James knew she loved gardening. A couple of days later, Peter showed back up on their doorstep and Dobby showed him in to the sitting room where the others were sitting and drinking a cuppa. James and Sirius got up to greet him while Lily stayed seated and Remus was holding Harry. The talk for over an hour was trivial and they all could see where Peter was getting bored and ready to leave, when Remus asked him for a favor. Now Peter took interest. "Of course, Remus, what ever I can do for you." When he was asked to be the secret keeper for the Fidelius charm, he almost passed out. It was what his master had been looking for. He accepted this role and then excused himself so he could go home and get some sleep. The five sitting there all nodded at the show that was put on by both parties, knowing only they knew the true value of the display. A/N: Just here to explain Dobby's speech. Since he was living with the Potters and not the Malfoys, Dobby didn't have to become the docile creature he was in the books. He is told to be polite, but speak his mind. Be respectful, but also stand up for his beliefs. He had more courage and caring since he worked for a family and was not owned by the family. He had more to learn withe the Potters, which made him smarter as he had to read in order to learn what he did. I hope everyone enjoys this one and I look forward to hearing from you all. As always, Ollie the Keeper.