pain, she went downstairs and released the prisoners, as well as Harry and Ron. When he got downstairs he saw they had somehow summoned Dobby. He told Dobby to take the rest of the prisoners somewhere safe, to which Ron suggested Shell Cottage. He then returned Harry and Ron's wands and the three of them ran upstairs, even though the two Gryffindor's had no idea what was going on. Draco pleaded his parents to trust him, that he would explain later, but that they needed to leave as soon as possible. Dobby returned, Draco picked up Hermione and they all joined together as Dobby apparated them to Shell Cottage as well. Safe and sound, Draco and Hermione reunited, her thanking him for saving her. Lucius and Narcissa were still in a state of shock, but neither could argue that they were not happy to be away from the Manor. Everyone could see how scared they were, even Harry and Ron. After some time getting comfortable around each other, Draco and Hermione explained to the group how they had grown a sort of friendship the previous year, and how Hermione was the one person he trusted enough to confide in. Harry and Ron were not pleased with the fact that Hermione knew Draco had a mission, one that ultimately helped lead to the death of Dumbledore, but Draco jumped to her defense saying she had no idea what it was. Hermione added that in the end, she knew how terrified he was and that he was only trying to go through with it to save his parents. In the end, the Order was informed of their new members, as the Malfoy's could no longer return to the Dark Lord, nor did they really want to. Lucius would follow his wife anywhere, and Narcissa was adamant that she was not taking her son back to such evil. Everyone was shocked at the turn of events, even Hermione, but she got over her shock very quickly. Soon enough, the group was well on their way to defeating Voldemort. After the war had ended, Draco and Hermione started to form more of a bond, which eventually led to romance. His parents weren't surprised, as they saw how deeply he cared for her. Harry and Ron were not too happy, though. Even though they knew he was on their side and they had all grown to know the Malfoys more, they still didn't like the idea of Hermione dating one. After she told them she wasn't going to work in the Ministry as planned and instead had decided to try and open up a charity for children after the war, they were not pleased. They understood her compassion but felt she was choosing Draco over them, as he was going to be her partner in the charity. They felt she was being driven by pure romance and wasn't stopping to think about the consequences. She followed through with her plans, and eventually, she and Draco succeeded in their project, as well as in their relationship. The years passed, their love and charity grew and eventually they married, much to Harry and the Weasley's shock. "What has you so deep in thought?" Draco walked back into the living room, seeing his wife staring ahead, having barely touched the rest of her wine. He took the glass and sat it on the table before pulling his wife close to him. "Oh, I'm just thinking.." Hermione's voice was soft and Draco could tell she was caught up in her thoughts. "Love, what happened today that makes you so quiet?" Hermione sighed, before looking at him. "'I've been thinking a lot about them today." "Who, Harry and Ron?" Draco knew how much she missed her friends, as he'd seen their friendships slowly fade. At times he felt guilty as if it truly was his fault, but Hermione always convinced him that she didn't regret anything she chose to do all those years ago. "Yes...today was so incredibly busy, and I was trying to catch up on the new children who have joined us." Hermione tried as hard as she could to at least introduce herself to every kid that walked through their doors. As they grew, it became increasingly difficult to do so, but she was determined to show them all that she cared. "Okay.." Draco still wasn't seeing the issue, or what could have led her to think about her friends. "Draco, apparently Teddy Lupin was placed in our care this past week." "Teddy Lupin? As in Harry's godson?" Draco knew the shock was evident in his tone. He thought the Potter's were raising Teddy as their own. Andromeda had initially tried to raise him, but she soon fell ill and he went to live with Harry full time. His grandmother was still alive and healthy, but not healthy enough to raise a child. "Yes, exactly. I don't understand. Either he was placed there by someone in his family or he went there voluntarily. Either way, something must have happened to lead him to the center," Hermione answered. She was troubled at what could have caused Teddy's recent admission into the center and she hoped with all of her heart he wasn't given up by Harry. "So this is why you have been thinking about that lot so much," Draco sighed. He gave her a kiss on the head before trying to rub her shoulders and help her relax. "How about tomorrow, we both go and speak to Teddy? We can try and see what is going through his head. He's what, eleven now?" "Twelve," Hermione corrected. "Only twelve…" Her worry was very evident, but she agreed with Draco's proposal. Tomorrow, they would go speak to Teddy together and get down to the bottom of this. She was going to find out why he was alone at their center and not with his family. She'd never forgive herself if she didn't help him in any way she could.