exactly say he meant it. He really didn't like Fudge. "If there's anything I can do?" "It's very kind of you, Prime Minister, but there is nothing," said Fudge. "Carter and I were sent here tonight to bring you up to date on recent events and to introduce you to my successor. I rather thought he'd be here by now, but of course, he's very busy at the moment, with so much going on." Fudge looked around at the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill. Catching Fudge's eye, the portrait said, "He'll be here in a moment, he's just finishing a letter to Dumbledore." "I wish him luck," said Fudge, sounding bitter. "I've been writing to Dumbledore twice a day for the past fortnight, but he won't budge. If he'd just been prepared to persuade the boy, I might still be-" "You wouldn't be," cut in Carter. "And not even Dumbledore could persuade Potter to help you, not with what you did to his girl." Fudge cringed. "Well, maybe Scrimgeour will have more success." "Also doubtful," muttered Carter just as the flames in the grate turned emerald green again, rose up, and revealed a third spinning wizard in their heart, disgorging him moments later onto the antique rug. Fudge and Carter both got to their feet and, after a moment's hesitation, the Prime Minister did the same, watching the new arrival straighten up, dust down his long black robes, and look around. The Prime Minister's first, foolish thought was that Rufus Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion. There were streaks of gray in his mane of tawny hair and his bushy eyebrows; he had keen yellowish eyes behind a pair of wire-rimmed spectacles and a certain rangy, loping grace even though he walked with a slight limp. There was an immediate impression of shrewdness and toughness; the Prime Minister thought he understood why the Wizarding community preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these dangerous times. "How do you do?" said the Prime Minister politely, holding out his hand. Scrimgeour grasped it briefly, his eyes scanning the room, then looked directly at Carter. "Is the room secured?" "Yes, Minister," said Carter in the same respectful tone the Prime Minister remembered him using for Fudge what seemed like a long time ago. "Kingsley is outside supervising the President." "President?" repeated Scrimgeour, his eyes still scanning the room like a predator. "The Prime Minister had a meeting with him tonight," said Carter. "They were going to call another Muggle World Leader on the telephone." Scrimgeour sniffed at this. "Muggle technology," he huffed. Finally finding the room satisfying, he turned back to the Prime Minister. "Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister, the one who has been entertaining the public by impersonating a duck. "He has clearly reacted to a poorly-performed Imperius Curse," said Scrimgeour. "It's addled his brains, but he could still be dangerous." "He's only quacking!" said the Prime Minister weakly. "Surely a bit of a rest... Maybe go easy on the drink..." "A team of Healers from St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries are examining him as we speak. So far he has attempted to strangle three of them," said Scrimgeour. "I think it best that we remove him from Muggle society for a while." "I... well... He'll be all right, won't he?" said the Prime Minister anxiously. When Scrimgeour merely shrugged and started moving back toward the fireplace, Carter added, "We're doing our best for him." "Well, that's really all I had to say," said Scrimgeour. "I will keep you posted of developments, Prime Minister — or, at least, I shall probably be too busy to come personally, in which case I shall send Fudge here. He has consented to stay on in an advisory capacity." Fudge attempted to smile, but was unsuccessful; he merely looked as though he had a toothache. Scrimgeour was already rummaging in his pocket for the mysterious powder that turned the fire green. The Prime Minister gazed hopelessly at the pair of them for a moment, then the words he had fought to suppress all evening burst from him at last. "But for heaven's sake — you're wizards ! You can do magic ! Surely you can sort out — well — anything !" Scrimgeour turned slowly on the spot and exchanged an incredulous look with Carter, who winced, and Fudge, who really did manage a smile this time as he said kindly, "The trouble is, the other side can do magic too, Prime Minister." And with that, the Fudge and Scrimgeour stepped one after the other into the bright green fire and vanished, leaving Carter and the Prime Minister behind. "Well," said Carter. "On a happier note, I've got a wedding to attend between a werewolf and a pink haired, shapeshifter." The Prime Minister buried his head in his hand, wishing with all his might that President hadn't finished all his scotch. Merlin knew he needed now more than ever. Two months late but here it is! The Sixth book to the Alexis Lestrange series! It took forever to start but hopefully, updates will be faster as I've finally gotten past the boring beginning. The President used as a very loose base towards the fictional President is Bush, who was President at the time. I'm pretty sure the Prime Minister at the time of the sixth book was a woman so clearly this Prime Minister is OC and may also make a reappearance later. Because, well, why not? Next chapter is the wedding! Request: With elections happening this year, I'm very curious to see what people outside of the U.S. Think of our candidates. Please mention in your reviews who you like or dislike and why. If you're from the U.S. like me feel free to give your opinion as well. I'm quite interested in knowing everyone's thoughts! Please Review! DCF