of a creature, with no hair, and large floppy ears, and a sack that he wore instead of clothes. Harry was happy to note that Dobby was looking well. On account of disobeying the normal rules for house elves the last year – trying to save Harry's life – he'd had to punish himself more than normal, but the signs of his punishments were fading, and there were no new visible bandages. "Dobby, I need you to get my things from my room at Privet drive." Harry explained. "Dobby has done so, sir. Is there anything else Dobby can do for Master Harry?" Harry supposed he shouldn't have been surprised that Dobby had anticipated his request already. "No, that'll be all. Return to your duties." Harry said. Once Dobby had gone, Harry shook his head, but stared after him with a fond smile. "You're spoiling him." Draco told him. "You're supposed to be stern with house elves." "I can't be stern with Dobby." Harry complained, "He's just so… pathetic. Besides, he still gets all his work done, doesn't he?" "Yeah. And he's been better than he was last year. At least according to Father." Harry nodded, and the two of them quickly headed up the stairs to make sure Harry was settled in. Their next order of business, was to get out their expensive brooms and go outside to practice quidditch, which as far as Harry was concerned, was the greatest sport in the world. Witches and wizards played the game flying on broomsticks throughout the world, and there was even a world cup. It was dangerous, exciting, and Harry was famously good at it. He'd been the youngest student in a hundred years to be accepted onto a house team at Hogwarts. And Slytherin House was known for having great quidditch players. Harry had a mixed relationship with the other students in house Slytherin. On the one hand, most of his closest friends – with the exception of the Weasley twins – were in Slytherin. But Slytherin also had a reputation for training some of the darkest wizards in Europe. Salazar Slytherin, one of Hogwarts' four founders, had prized ambition, cunning, and power, and so those types tended to be sorted into the house he created. All these things had led many Slytherins to becoming great witches and wizards, but they were also the sort of qualities possessed by some of the most infamous individuals in wizarding history. It was true, that Voldemort and many of his followers had come from Slytherin, but Harry knew there was a lot of good in his house too. Harry hadn't been able to practice quidditch at all while he'd stayed with the Dursleys, so now he wanted to make up for lost time. Draco was also on their house quidditch team, though Draco planned to try out for a different position this year, and that was the focus of their training over the remaining week before the party. July 30th – the day before Harry's birthday – arrived, and along with it, another letter from the Weasley twins. Their family had won some kind of raffle, and they were already vacationing in Egypt. They were quick to assure Harry that they'd still be coming to his party, even if they had to sneak away on their brooms. But more likely they'd find a way to use an international floo line like they had for Christmas the previous year. Harry just hoped whatever they did, they didn't get in trouble, and was otherwise happy to know they'd still be attending. "If anyone deserves to win a raffle, it's those two." Harry observed, as Draco read the letter over his shoulder. There was a newspaper clipping from the Daily Prophet included with the letter. A photo of the Weasley family with a pyramid in the background was at the top of the clipping, and the article beneath it explained in greater detail about the raffle, and how the Weasley's had used their winnings to vacation in Egypt where their eldest son, Bill, worked as a cursebreaker for the goblin-run wizarding bank, Gringotts. "It's just a shame that git Ron is profiting from their good fortune too." Draco said snidely. Harry noticed that a good portion of the article was actually about him, as a 'friend to the Weasley children attending Hogwarts'. But as Draco had just pointed out, Harry couldn't really count all the Weasleys as friends. Neither Harry nor Draco liked Ron Weasley very much. And the feeling was quite mutual. They'd butted heads at school from the moment they'd all first arrived, though a large part of that was due to the animosity between the patriarchs of the Weasley and Malfoy families, who worked at the Ministry of Magic together, and held wildly differing views on how best to promote wizarding laws. The other part of that was Ron's best friend, Seamus Finnigan. He was a sandy-haired Irish boy who had also taken an instant exception to Harry. He liked picking fights, insulting Harry and his friends, and was probably the only person in the world Harry disliked more than his cousin Dudley, who had bullied him up until they both had learned Harry was a wizard. But Harry didn't want to think about them right now. Tomorrow was his thirteenth birthday, and it was shaping up to be the best birthday of Harry's life. Author's Comments: This was an interesting and fun chapter to write. I had several scenes I'd originally written for this chapter that I ended up moving to the next chapter, including the birthday party, because there ended up being a lot more I needed to happen in this first chapter before I could get to that. Anyways, I hope you all thoroughly enjoy the opening to the third installment of this series. Once again the copyrights for the Harry Potter worlds belong to J.K. Rowling. All original characters depicted here and this story are copyrighted to me.