nightmare, nothing more." Harry nodded silently, waiting for the reprimand that would surely follow. "If you are ready," Snape continued, "we can go." "Yes sir," Harry stammered. "Father," the Potions Master reminded him, his voice firm but devoid of anger. "Sorry." "Let's go." Snape left the common room, Harry almost running to keep up. "We're leaving from Hogsmeade." "Sir? Er… I mean, Father?" "Yes?" "Can I buy a few things?" "Where from?" "Honeydukes." Snape's first instinct was to categorically refuse, but he reconsidered when he remembered the life the young man had had with his muggle family. Dumbledore had told him of the cupboard and that Harry had been deprived of food. "Fine. But be reasonable." "I will." When Harry came out of the shop, Snape rolled his eyes. The two of them clearly didn't have the same understanding of the word reasonable. "How are we getting to your house?" "We're apparating." "But…" "I know full well that you cannot apparate. Hold onto my arm and do not under any circumstances let go." Harry grabbed his new father's arm and clung on with all his strength, slightly nervous despite himself. He felt as if he were being squeezed all over and tightened his grip, shutting his eyes. As nerve-wracking as it was, the squeezing sensation didn't last very long. Snape and Harry reappeared in front of the gates to a manor. To Harry, it seemed enormous compared to Privet Drive. The manor had four floors and was surrounded by a large park. "We cannot apparate inside the manor," Snape explained. "Only family members and Dumbledore can apparate onto the steps outside. Tomorrow I will amend the wards so they recognise you, but for the moment I will begin by introducing you to the house elves and showing you around the manor." They walked into the manor. Three small house elves immediately appeared. "This is Harry Potter-Snape. I have adopted him, and he is therefore your new young master. Harry, Kookie looks after the house and Backer is my personal elf. Alima doesn't really belong to me but is very helpful. Of course, you'll need your own personal elf." "Winky," Harry murmured. "Pardon?" "Winky. She was Mr Crouch's elf – he freed her and she works at Hogwarts now like Dobby. But she hates being free and Dobby told me that she cries every night and says that no family wants her anymore." "I will go and see her if Albus agrees. Come, I will show you around – this door on the left leads to the kitchen. It's Kookie's domain. On the right is the living room." Snape opened the living room door. It was decorated in the same way as the Slytherin common room, but the atmosphere was warmer and instead of green lights there were chandeliers. Part of the room was taken up by a table made of black marble that was big enough to seat a dozen people. The other part was taken up by a sofa and two armchairs arranged around the fireplace. There was a door on either side of the fireplace. "The door on the right is my office. Like my bedroom and laboratory, you are forbidden from entering without me there but you can, of course, find me there if you want to speak with me. On the left is the library. You can do your homework there." Harry followed Snape into the room and stopped, his mouth hanging open – there were hundreds of books. "Hermione would be so jealous!" Snape only just managed not to smile. "Come." They went back into the hall. Snape gestured to the two doors at the bottom of the stairs. "To the left is my laboratory, to the right is the cellar." They went up a flight. "The door opposite the stairs is my bedroom. The one to the right is yours. Do not ever go into the one on the left or you will be in more trouble than you have ever been before. Understood?" "Yes," Harry replied hastily. "Good. Let's go into your room." As soon as they entered the room, Harry understood why there were only three rooms on this floor. They had just walked into a living room with a desk, bookcase, wardrobe and a sofa. A door on the left led to a room with an enormous bed with a canopy, a large wardrobe and a chest of drawers, and a door on the right led to a bathroom. But what struck Harry the most was the absence of colour. Absolutely everything was cream or ivory. "It's a bit late today, but tomorrow Backer will help you." "Help me?" "As you can see, everything is neutral. Tomorrow you will personalise your room. Colour, decorations, curtains… do what you want." "It's a wonderful room. Thank you very much… Father." Snape nodded. "It's up to you to make it one. There are six rooms and a bathroom on the third floor. On the fourth is an attic and the house elves' room. The tour stops here. I'll let you relax. Meals are normally at 8 o'clock, 1 o'clock and 8 o'clock. I do not tolerate lateness and you will be severely punished if you are. Because we have just arrived from Hogwarts, dinner will be at 11 o'clock, so be downstairs in half an hour. Believe me, you do not want me to come looking for you. There is a clock on the fireplace." Snape left, leaving Harry alone. Harry swallowed. Severely punished? Punished how? He had a feeling Snape wasn't talking about extra work, chores or anything like that. He had the unpleasant feeling that nothing would be easy. Snape was demanding and he had full power over him. He decided to take a quick shower, changed and immediately went downstairs into the living room. He knew that he was often late and he had no desire to see what type of punishment Snape could inflict upon him on the first day.