every hair on her head suddenly standing at attention and looking most alarming indeed. "It's in the by-law. If you attempt to harm either spouse you've been matched with, you'll be struck dead." "That would be preferable, Minerva!" Severus growled at the witch, his eyes swivelling once more to land on the witch whose 'type' had landed him in this wretched mess. The girl looked up just in time to see Severus's letter go up in flames before he spun on is heel, jerking himself free of Minerva as he did so, and stalked away with a billow of black robes. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ The pit in Hermione's stomach – she had been certain – couldn't have opened any wider when she saw the decree and the names of the two wizards she was expected to marry. But that was before she saw the hatred glittering in his eyes. Before she saw the disgust on his less-than-handsome face. "Hermione…?" Harry asked, sounding as though he were adrift in a sea of confusion, unable to make sense of the letter dangling limply in his hold. "What does it mean?" Ron asked. "I have to marry another bloke along with a witch? What?" Hermione blinked, feeling bile rise in her stomach, not of disgust, but of fear. She nodded mutely, pressing a hand to her throat, trying to convince the vomit not to pass her oesophagus. "But I don't like blokes?" Ron said, still frowning. "Harry, who'd you get? Are your paired with a witch and another bloke?" "Yeah," Harry muttered. "I'm with… bloody hell, this is twisted…." "Who did you get, Harry?" Ron asked, his voice tightening. "Remus," Harry said quietly. "Remus and… Tonks." "What, really?" Ron frowned, looking shocked by the idea. "That's what my letter says," Harry nodded. "Bloody hell. Remus hates Tonks…." "He does not," Ginny swatted Harry's arm. "He does," Harry assured her. "He's told me. Her crush on him makes him extremely uncomfortable. Who'd you get, Ron?" "Erm…" Ron muttered. "Oliver Wood and uh… Katie Bell." "I don't get it," Ginny said, quietly. "They're called Limerence Laws, right? That means it's got to do with infatuation. And since we witches were quizzed by the Ministry and you boys weren't, it would suggest that we witches are the ones who contributed to the 'infatuation', in other words, the type of wizard we project the most interest in. So how the hell did I get landed with these two?" Hermione tore her eyes from her own parchment. "Who did you get?" Harry asked, curiously. "Kind of always figured if I had to marry anyone it would be you…" "That's what I figured too," Ginny nodded, staring into her ex-boyfriend's eyes for a long moment. "But I got… well, look for yourself. I'm really hoping that I'm seeing things." Hermione peered at the parchment as Harry took it and read it. Her brow furrowed in sympathy and concern. "Lee Jordan and Blaise Zabini," Harry read aloud, sensing Ron's paranoia. "You've got a type for dark-skinned wizards with a wicked sense of humour, apparently." "Except I… I've never been that attracted to either of them… I've always just drooled after you, Harry," Ginny frowned. "The questions they asked at the Ministry required that we list traits we found attractive," Hermione said slowly, traits more so than attributes. "What did you say?" "Handsome. Witty. Driven. Intense. A bit sassy," Ginny frowned. "Did they ask if you like any particular attributes?" Harry asked. "Only what colour hair I liked," Ginny admitted. "I said black. I said all of these things with you in mind." "And landed with those two," Harry said. "Weird. But then, I don't have that many overlapping attributes with Remus." "You both have green eyes," Ginny pointed out. "You both come from broken families with unhappy childhoods. You're both intense. And sassy. Merlin knows Remus is sassy." "But he has sandy hair and he's taller than me," Harry pointed out. "You've both got significant scars too," Ron pointed out tactlessly. "You from the curse, and Remus from… well, his curse, I guess. Maybe Tonks has a thing for green-eyed, scar-ridden, sass-spouters." "Sass-spouters? Really?" Harry asked, his voice extremely sassy as he raised one eyebrow at Ron sceptically. "It's now a thing," Ron nodded. "Besides, I look nothing like Oliver and I got paired with him and Katie. How do you figure that one happened?" "You're both Keepers. Intense Quidditch nuts. Prone to forgetting tact when there Quidditch matters at hand. Obviously Katie is still Quidditch crazy and has a thing for Keepers," Ginny commented, waving a dismissive hand at her brother. "Hermione?" Harry asked, turning to her as though finally noticing how silent she'd been. "Bloody hell, 'Mione, you're white as a sheet. Who've they matched you up with?" Hermione's hands were trembling as she clutched the trio of silver rings in one hand, vaguely noticing the aesthetic designs upon them while her letter was partially crumpled in her other hand. She'd watched the way he'd glared at her before leaving the hall. She'd watched the way he'd set his letter on fire and made the whole Hall tremble and quake with his rage. She'd seen the utter loathing in his eyes and she knew that in that moment, he hated her even more than he hated the second man to whom she'd been matched. "I… erm…." Hermione said, her voice cracking in her utter terror over the idea of marrying to two wizard that her infatuation had decreed would be best suited to her. "Who is it?" Ron demanded. "Someone awful? Bloody hell, it's not Malfoy, is it?" "No," Hermione whispered. "No it's…." She handed her letter carefully to Harry, watching him take it and watching his green eyes widen in horror before he looked up at her. She knew as she watched him that he'd had the same thought she had. They were going to kill each other. Sirius Black and Severus Snape were going to murder each other.