you go in the first place...You were the greatest girl I've ever been with." He said sincerely, but Ginny simply rolled her eyes. "Harry, I love you. I always have and I always will. But please, never say that you regret breaking up with me while we were teenagers. Best case scenario if you hadn't dumped me is we would have dated for another year, broken up, and hated each other. At least this way we have remained friends!" Ginny explained her point of view, "Now, I'm really sorry, but I need to meet George at the store." She quickly kissed his cheek and apparated to the shop. She felt so guilty for constantly rejecting Harry. It wasn't as though she didn't like him, she really did! And a big part of her believed they would end up together in the end and make beautiful raven haired children. But it all just seemed so predictable and boring…Ginny needed to experience life more before making that kind of commitment. She knew that if she ever went on a single date with Harry it would essentially be a marriage engagement in her Mother's eyes. So she needed to make sure that she was 100% positive with her decision to date Harry before accepting his offer. "Ginny! Thank god you're here! Where were you!?" George hollered from behind a tower of prank filled boxes. "I'm sorry! I woke up in a random house then had to meet Mum for tea! I'm here now though!" Ginny was frantically pulling on he orange apron with the initials W.W.W. sewn into it. "Thank god. We've got about 20 minutes until the sale is live. We are going to get slammed." He began handing her various colorful objects which she expertly placed on the shelves. They made an excellent team. "How's mum doing?" he asked without pausing his work. "Oh you know…the usual 'what are you doing with your life and why aren't you with Harry Potter?' lecture." Ginny sighed, "I don't see what the big deal is! I'm financially stable, I have my own flat, I'm not pregnant with an unknown babydaddy… I'm not doing too bad for 21 years old!" "Oh, you know how she gets. She's just worried about you." George explained sympathetically before adding, "But if she convinces my best worker to leave me I'm going to have some choice words with that mother of ours." Ginny chuckled in response and the two began to pick up the pace and work in silence. Ginny had gotten so distracted in her work she hadn't even heard a customer walk into the store. "Ahem" She heard a man cough behind her. As she turned around and saw who stood in front of her, her mouth dropped. There standing in all of his glory, with his platinum blonde hair, steel blue eyes, and perfectly ironed expensive suit was none other than Draco Malfoy. "M-Malfoy?" Ginny stuttered out. She hadn't seen him since the great war. He had barely even crossed her mind for a second and now he was standing directly in front of her. "Really? I think we are over that teenaged 'Last-Name' nonsense, Ginevra ." He replied showing off his trademark smirk. "Ginny. Call me Ginny." She corrected him, loathing her full name. "My apologies." He said formally, "So, this is where you work?" "Umm, yes." Ginny began, feeling embarrassed. Draco Malfoy was the last person she would want to see at work. "It's just temporary, though. Can I help you find anything?" "Yes, actually! I was told you could find those famous Skiving Snackboxes here? My friend and I plan on ditching work tomorrow." He replied, which caught Ginny off guard. It seemed like such an oddly humorous detail to share with Ginny, especially coming from Malfoy. "Yeah, absolutely! Follow me!" She directed him down the long hallways stocked full of various products, "You came with excellent time. In about 10 minutes we are starting this huge annual sale and we are expecting half of Diagon Alley to apparate here any minute." "Lucky me!" He said, though lacking any real enthusiasm. Draco chose a variety pack of the Skiving Snackboxes to ensure that his plans to skip work would be successful. Ginny was excited to get him out of the store. Despite his odd friendliness she still was not fond of him. "So, what do you plan on doing after this? Seeing as you said it was temporary?" Draco asked, and Ginny winced at the question. Why do people feel it's their business to know other people's life plans? She asked herself. "Umm…it's silly, really. I love potions but I didn't do well in the subject while in Hogwarts. So now I'm sort of training myself in hopes of getting skilled enough to make a name for myself without a formal education." "Really? That's amazing! I never would have pegged you as an aspiring potions master." He flashed a genuine smile at her which sent butterflies through Ginny's stomach. She couldn't deny he was incredibly attractive. She thought that would be the end of the subject until he suggested something she never would have expected: "I think I might be able to help you out with your goal. How would you like to meet me for drinks tomorrow night and we can catch up?" Ginny gawked at him, "Are you joking me?" "Why would I be joking?" "Because I'm Ginny Weasley and you spent the majority of your time at Hogwarts trying to make my life, and my family's lives, horrible." She said bluntly. "People can change! So, are you interested?" Ginny thought about it for a minute. On one hand she wanted to reject his offer – she didn't need help from Draco Malfoy! But on the other hand, she was incredibly intrigued by his proposal, she was looking for more excitement in her life, and she could not ignore how damn attractive he was. Three reasons against one! "Sure, why not?"