between them and burrowed two fingers deep inside her, beginning to pulse them in time with her movements. "Oh, Gods," Hermione moaned twisting until she could kiss him again. Her tongue stroked his surely, hungrily, demanding more of the fiery taste of him, more of the passion she knew the hulking Viking of a wizard was capable of. He gave it. He kissed her back with every drop of lust and passion he had in him until Hermione couldn't breathe. She couldn't think straight. All she could do was feel his fingers inside of her; taste his tongue against her own, and learn every inch of the cock in her hand. He worked his fingers inside her with practiced ease, pushing her towards that hill that she knew he'd delight in shoving her from. When she was on the precipice, Hermione used her grip on his cock to pull him closer, aligning their bodies and silently commanding he fill her. "You want it, Baby-girl?" he asked, his voice husky in her ears and filling her with even more need. "Yes," Hermione told him. "How bad?" he smirked at her, pulling back far enough to look at her face and to note the way their bodies were aligned, just waiting to be joined. "Don't be a git, Rowle," Hermione hissed, arching away from the wall until the first glorious inch of him slid inside her. He didn't seem capable of not being an ass. That much was clear when he thrust shallowly, just that first inch tormenting her dripping, throbbing core and making her crazy. "Tell me how much you want it, Granger," he commanded her. Hermione could tell he thought she would back down from the challenge. "If you don't give it to me, Rowle," she threatened darkly. "I'll cut it off and beat you to death with it. Stop being a Merlin cursed tease and fuck me until this door falls off its hinges, or get the hell out of my hotel room." She dug her nails into his skin for good measure and arched into him again, drawing him a little deeper. "Holy fuck, Kitten," he groaned. "You're sexy as hell when you're threatening violence and so wet for me." Hermione opened her mouth to tell him to fuck off if he was just going to torture her but before she could utter a word he drove into her hard and high, hitting parts of her that she was sure had never been touched. His size stretched her deliciously right up to the point of bordering on pain. Hermione might've been mortified at the strangled, pleasure-filled moan that tore from her throat at the feel of being impaled upon his cock, if it weren't for the fact that being so just completely wiped her mind of any and every coherent thought. Sweet Merlin, nothing had ever felt so good. Hermione hissed when he slowly withdrew, listening to the low groan he emitted when she clamped her pelvic muscles tight, trying to keep him inside of her. "Fuck, don't do that or I won't last, Kitten," he muttered into her neck, nuzzling into her and nipping her flesh tantalizingly. Hermione was beyond words. She couldn't think with him inside her. She couldn't speak. She could only whimper needily and arch into him when he drove in deep again. He built to a rhythm quickly, stroking her, impaling her, changing her life in a way she couldn't even explain. Hermione felt the heat inside of her begin to coil, threatening to snap free. "Gods," she whimpered, clutching at him desperately, trying to find some anchor to clutch as he shoved her toward the turbulent, swirling sea of bliss she could feel waiting to receive her. The waves crested and fell, rocking through her as surely as he rocked into her. Hermione nipped at his collarbone, her hands fisting in his tangle of blond hair where it fell, still damp, about his broad shoulders. His hissed between his teeth when she clamped down on him tight, trying desperately to keep from drowning as another wave crested within her, knowing it was going to swallow her whole and pull her under. "Scream for me, Princess," Thorfinn's Rowle's voice was low and coarse against her ear, his stubble scratching deliciously against her sensitive skin, his teeth scraping her earlobe lightly as he drew it into his mouth. Hermione did. "Always such a good girl," Rowle tormented her as her orgasm slammed into her hard, tearing the sound he'd demanded right from her chest and flooding her body with bliss. His movements grew jerky as her body wrung pleasure from him, clamping and clenching, spasming delightfully. "Bloody hell, witch," he grunted when he lost the battle not to join her amid her blissful ocean. Hermione felt a slow smirk crawl across her lips. She hadn't felt so good in months. Everything that had been bothering her seemed distant and forgotten amid the fog of drunkenness and the haze of orgasmic ecstasy. She leaned against him, uncaring about the way the hardwood of the door bit into her back, grating against her spine. Uncaring that he had been a Death Eater. Uncaring that the first time she'd had sex with anyone who wasn't Ronald Weasely, it had been with a man like Thorfinn Rowle. He pressed lazy kisses to the side of her neck as he caught his breath before pushing away from the door, taking her with him. "Where are you taking me?" Hermione asked, rather pleased by the feel of their bodies still joined. " Now you're all sweaty and sticky," he chuckled. "I plan to fuck you again in the shower until you're not. And then I'm going to make you sweaty and sticky all over again in the bed." "Do you have that kind of virility?" she challenged, leaning back in his hold slightly to smile down into his handsome face. His smirk was wicked in return. "Guess we'll find out."