not going to say you're not smart, Granger. You shouldn't be, but that doesn't change the fact that you are.'' ''You stuck your landing, Parkinson.'' Granger commends, ''but I'm still sour from last night.'' Pansy closes her eyes, inhales, exhales. ''Sorry for making fun of your magical outburst, sometimes it just happens when you have too much magical energy. Now that the apology is out of the way I want you to make a study group with us!'' Then for the sake of sounding sincere. ''Please,'' says Pansy with her best smile. Hermione accepts only because Tracey says she can teach them all useful spells against boys' unwanted attention. How? ''My mother thinks any self-respecting girl ought to know how to defend herself.'' Spell by spell, chapter by chapter. They'll be great, all of them. Dumbledore watches them from afar. Asks Snape over to his office. An audible sigh can be heard as the slimy Slytherin slithers on over to the headmaster's office. ''How is Miss Granger faring in Slytherin?'' Dumbledore asks, twinkle in his eye. ''She hasn't come crying to me, so I assume well?'' Snape says, doing his best to ignore the twinkles and gleams Dumbledore makes so he can manipulate people into making eye contact with him for long enough to be read as an uninteresting book. ''Be sure to let me know if your only muggle-raised Slytherin has any problems?'' Snape nods, but has no intention of giving himself more work than he already has protecting that Potter idiot and grading atrocious essays. Draco Malfoy and his goons are out antagonizing Potter. Hermione's happy he's got him to harass because she knows she'd be the alternative. That's kind of a horrible thing to think and Hermione doesn't remember when she stopped caring. All the interactions Hermione has with Malfoy are during classes where he glares fiercely (as fiercely as a privileged infant can muster) at her after she's answered three questions for the teacher. That's her cue to stop. She never stops at three. When Daphne taps her shoulder after the fifth answer, THAT is when she stops. Hermione leans into Millie and her cat purrs, stretched out over their laps. It's a calm day. All of their first year tests are done. Pansy enters the dorm soon enough and shouts. ''Are you two going to go to the quidditch game today?'' ''No,'' Hermione answers immediately, ''we're busy being sat on by Millie's cat.'' Pansy looks at them both, then at the cat, then back at them. ''You're both slaves to that cat and I won't be part of this. I'm going to watch the boys hit their balls and cheer on them like a proper Slytherin.'' ''We're good, thanks.'' Millie says and pets her cat behind the ear. When it purrs Hermione lets out a muffled squeal of sheer delight. ''You should get a cat, too.'' Millie encourages Hermione's cat obsession. Hermione is totally on board with that idea. ''But my parents won't let me!'' ''Tell them you're a witch and a witch needs a familiar.'' Tracey says, emerging from behind Pansy. The girl quickly pops in, takes out some green paint that her mother sends, puts it on, screams, ''LET'S GO SLYTHERIN!'' and leaves. Pansy follows, muttering, ''Sweet Circe.'' Slytherin wins house cup! All of the baby, first years are losing their minds. Draco Malfoy even looks happy to be in Hermione's presence. Oh, oh but then Dumbledore happens! Oh, oh, look at that Harry Potter wins house cup. Would you look at that? One hundred and sixty points awarded for sheer stupidity! Days spent culminating house points all gone to waste! If Hermione used to be a starry eyed child she's surely not anymore. She mouths this isn't fair , but when no one says anything she shouts for everyone to hear. ''That's not fair! We earned those points fair and square!'' Blaise Zabini replies, ''Nothing we do is ever going to be fair for them. They can't accept we're good for anything but being slimy gits, Granger.'' ''Fine.'' She says through hot, fuming tears. ''I'm never going to be fair again.'' ''Wait until my father hears about this!'' Draco says, and his voice breaks. Gryffindor is cheering and sneering and winning and no matter what they do, it won't measure up to the golden knights of Hogwarts. ''We should have stayed in the common room and played with your cat,'' Pansy sighs. Millie shrugs, not interested in the house cup to begin with. Sure, she's bummed out that they lost, but she's not involved herself in winning. Her job this year consisted of not losing points. Daphne looks at her unvarnished nails and thinks she's going to change that. ''We lost, so what? You think any of this is going to matter when we're out of Hogwarts?'' ''Yeah,'' Tracey speaks over Hermione's outburst, ''it's always the Slytheirn that has a high position of power that all the other newly graduated Gryffs eagerly want.'' ''But can't have.'' Draco joins in. Nobody mentions the redness in his eyes. ''They can look back on this moment as they're crunching notes at some dead-end job.'' ''Malfoy, that's the smartest thing you've said all year.'' Hermione's voice cuts the air, her eyes blinking away the tears that won't stop coming. Her voice, at least, has calmed. ''Not going to write daddy a long letter with a thousand semi-colons?'' ''I'm going to wait until I see him in person, Granger. Don't worry your hideous head.'' Then a pause. ''I thought living with proper purebloods might have taught you how to clean up?'' ''You thought wrong.'' Hermione replies. ''I'm fine with just as I am, thank you.'' His lips pull back as he stares at the Gryffindors laughing, stomping on their accomplishments. ''I hate them.'' He whispers just loud enough for Hermione to hear. ''Yeah,'' she says, ''me too.'' END YEAR 1 That was chapter one! Some of chapter two is already written. Tell me what you thought :D