bed was next to the glass window that looked out into the lake. It was bigger, so much bigger than anything he had ever slept on, and softer, and more comfortable, and Harry curled up contently in the thick, fuzzy green blankets… And failed to sleep. He was too comfortable. He tossed and turned, trying to get to sleep, until sometime- it had to've been hours!- he finally fell asleep. Just in time, it seemed, for him to get up again. He crawled out of bed, before either Jett or Blaise were stirring, and readied for the day. He pulled on his school robes and left. It was Friday, but he didn't have class since literally what would be the point. Classes would start the next Monday, and in the meantime, Harry would learn the layout of the castle. There was a handful of older students up in the common room playing a card game as he left, and one of them gave him a puzzled look. Harry just shrugged at them and left, heading out the way he remembered. The corridors were the next best thing to abandoned, and Harry's footsteps bounced off the stone walls. They weren't loud, but he quietly cursed the floppy, over-sized, duct-taped trainers that kept him from being able to walk as quietly as he would wish to. Magical flames crackled on torches, ever-burning and never to go out. A long-haired white cat walked past him, and the occasional portrait that low in the dungeons waved at him. At one point he walked past a portrait of a fruit bowl and a stack of barrels (was that a badger on one of them? Best remember that, just in case) and then he ascended the stairs into the entrance hall. The doors to the Great Hall were wide open, and there was an assortment of students already there- mostly Ravenclaws, with some of the early-rising Hufflepuffs and Slytherins, and a scattered handful of Gryffindors that were nodding off into their food and yawning and occasionally grunting out what might have been attempts at communicating. Harry slid into the spot at the end of the Slytherin table closest to the doors of the Great Hall. He dished some porridge into his bowl, stirred in some cinnamon and brown sugar, and poured himself a goblet of milk from the nearby pitcher of milk. He drank some sips of his milk while waiting for his porridge to cool, and he glanced around the hall. There were a few people watching him, he saw. A couple of the more lucid Gryffindors, and some of the older Slytherins. A third year with long dark hair and pale, creamy skin, in particular, was staring at him while she ate her fruit. Harry glanced at another girl- one with black hair- as she walked towards him. "Don't mind Anemone," she said, smiling at him, a flash of white teeth against tawny-bronze skin. "She's always staring at someone for some reason or another." Harry nodded, and then noticed her eyes. They were the blue of a cloudless, sunny autumn sky- the kind where the heavens above went on towards the horizon for ever and ever. They stood out bright and clear against her skin. And then she was walking away, and he was watching her take a seat next to the creamy-skinned girl- Anemone, he amended. The two girls laughed together, and sat with their sides pressed against each other. Harry jumped when Tracey and Jett sat down next to him. "I was worried when you weren't there when I got up," Jett said, and Harry stared at him. "You were?" he asked, and Jett nodded. "Yeah. It's no secret… There are a lot of students in Slytherin who don't like you," he replied. Harry nodded. "They're upset you're the reason their Dark Lord fell," Tracey added, putting scrambled eggs and bacon on her plate with enthusiasm and accidentally dumping some eggs into Harry's porridge. "Oops, sorry. Are you one of those that doesn't like your foods touching? Ivy hates it when even the smallest smidgen of gravy gets on her beans." "No, it's fine," Harry replied, but Tracey used her clean spoon to fish the egg out of his porridge and drop it onto her plate. Jett was much more calmly adding fruit to his honeyed porridge. "Anyways, how did you get up here without help? We had to ask Calista Summerbell for help," he said, and Harry shrugged. "I just remembered the way," he replied, and Jett pointed his spoon at Harry. "We need to stick with this one," he told Tracey, and she nodded enthusiastically. "What are you going to do today?" Tracey asked the two boys through a mouthful of eggs. Jett winced. "Don't talk with your mouth full; it's gross," he said. "And I have no idea." "I was going to go walk around the school," Harry added, pushing his emptied bowl away from him. "Ooh, can we come with you? Get a head start on all the other first years, maybe find some cool room to be a secret base," Tracey asked, and Harry shrugged. "Sure," he replied, and Tracey grinned and inhaled her food at a faster rate while Jett just watched in dismay. "She's hopeless," he moaned. hr First chapter of the rewritten Tiny Tourmaline Stars. It's going to be taking a different direction from the original, and this time I'm going to update as I write- although, if I finish multiple chapters in one day, I'll take some time between posting them. I'm mostly going to be plantsing this. I have some anchoring plot points that won't change, but the space between them is nebulous. If you have anything you want to see in the story, drop a review or a PM, but I won't guarantee it will make it in. I'd also like to hear what sorts of things you don't like seeing in this kind of story, too. With much love, Kit