later. She was still clutching him, his cock still buried deep inside her, her arms and legs now wrapped tightly around his torso and clinging to him as though her life depended on it. He watched her face for a moment. She had her eyes closed, her head tilted back against the wall. Her cheeks were flushed pink with exertion and perhaps a touch of embarrassment as the reality of what she'd just done with him began to settle into her brain. Her unruly hair had come undone of the its pins thanks to the way he'd had his hands in it. She looked well and truly shagged. Draco smirked at the sight of her so undone. He liked the look on Granger; it worked for her and brought out a beauty he hadn't expected in her. Stepping back a little, Draco allowed her to unfurl her legs from around him, lowering her back to the floor easily and keeping his hands on her waist to steady her when her legs wobbled under her. She looked well ravished, that was certain. Her cardigan and her shirt hung open, her bra was pulled down beneath her breasts, allowing the pillowy globes of flesh to spill free. Her rumpled skirt kept her dignity, though the knickers puddled at her feet completed the look nicely. Her hair was a mess and her neck was dotted with the love-bites he'd left on her flesh. Her cheeks were flushed pink and when she slowly opened her cinnamon brown eyes, she looked torn between an expression of shame, guilt and bliss. The whole picture made him want to fuck her all over again, though he knew that after the way she'd made him come he wouldn't be able to perform again for at least an hour. "What have we done?" she murmured, finding her voice as she stared at him through half-lidded eyes, looking like she wanted to drop right off to sleep right there against the wall. Draco just smirked at her as he tucked himself back inside his trousers and refastened his belt, straightening his robes where she'd rumpled them. She fell to the same fussing and Draco knew she felt awkward in the aftermath of having just shagged him. He was surprised to find that he didn't. He felt strangely peaceful, in a way he hadn't all year. He bit his lip on a chuckle when she blushed crimson before she bent to wiggle back into her pale blue knickers, watching her avoid his gaze, not knowing what to say. When she leaned there against the wall looking off over his left shoulder and trying to pretend she hadn't just shagged the enemy, Draco reached out a hand towards her. Hooking his index under her chin, Draco tilted her head until she was forced to meet his gaze. "You better not let me catch you crying in deserted corridors over Weaslebee again, Hermione," he murmured to her huskily. "Else you'll endure a repeat of this performance." With that said and her eyes wide at the sudden reminder of how she'd wound up shagging him in the first place, Draco leaned in and pressed a kiss to her lips. He didn't linger over it, and he didn't snog her again. He simply brushed his lips against hers for a few chaste moments before he pulled away. Letting his hand fall back to his sides, Draco flashed her a smirk before he turned and strolled away with more bounce in his step than he'd had all year. He didn't look back at her; he didn't turn to investigate the groan of frustrated horror she emitted. He simply strolled back through the castle with the intention of going to dinner, for the first time since returning to Hogwarts, actually feeling hungry enough to want to eat something. When he strolled into the Great Hall he passed his godfather seated at the teacher's table, watching him closely, as always. And for the first time since he'd been given his Dark mark, Draco Malfoy couldn't keep the smile from his face, even knowing that his Godfather might interpret it as good news and pass along word to his parents and the Dark Lord that he'd had some kind of success toward his mission to kill Dumbledore. None of that mattered right then. Draco knew he couldn't kill the meddlesome old fool, who was also eyeing him with some interest for his cheerful mood. He couldn't kill anyone, and that was okay. "You look cheery," Blaise commented when he dropped into a seat beside him and noticed the way Draco had piled his plate with food. Draco cast a smirk at his oldest friend before his eyes were drawn to the doors of the Great Hall. His grey eyes tracked the slightly awkward shuffle of Hermione Granger as she entered, her cheeks still flushed pink as though she was reliving what they'd done and couldn't stop thinking about it. "Mate, this is the best day I've had all year," Draco admitted, watching Granger drop into a seat beside Potty and the She-Weasel, wincing a little at the tenderness he didn't doubt she was experiencing. "Something going right with your mission?" Blaise asked, leaning in. Draco laughed. He actually laughed, and Blaise wasn't the only one to look mildly startled to hear the sound after so long without it. "Not a thing," he chuckled with a shake of his head. "In fact, I'm totally fucked ." Blaise stared at his quizzically when Draco chuckled at his own joke, but chose not to comment and Draco didn't elaborate. Instead he found his eyes drawn back to a certain messy-haired mudblood across the room, where he caught her staring at him. Her pink cheeks darkened to crimson once more when she realised she'd been caught looking and Draco couldn't help but laugh some more as he tucked into his chicken pie, feeling utterly famished for the first time in a long time.