are finished here." Snape stepped further into the room, "As his Head of House, I must stay with him I'm afraid." This took Albus completely by surprise. He was used to Snape abiding by his every order. "Surely that isn't necessary. You have never asked to stay before when talking with one of your students." Harry looked between the two and noticed that a silent conversation had begun to take place. Snape looked determined to stay and Dumbledore eventually relented. "Very well. Please, have a seat." Harry took his seat right in front of the desk which Albus sat behind. For the first time he noticed Fawkes resting quietly on the perch behind Dumbledore's desk. Albus followed his gaze and smiled softly at the sleeping bird. "I see you have noticed Fawkes. He has been my constant companion for many years." Harry hid his impressed look well. He had heard stories of Dumbledore being in league with a phoenix, but thought it just that, a story. For a phoenix to bind himself to a wizard was almost unheard of. Snape simply stood off to the side, in the shadows of room. It was lit by candles which created a moody atmosphere and a single gas lamp which hung behind Dumbledore and near a bookcase provided most of the light. "Well, Harry." He paused for a brief moment, "May I call you Harry?" Harry nodded his head so Dumbledore continued, "I must ask, how?" The headmaster seemed almost at a loss for words. It was probably the first time in his life he had been so baffled by a situation. Harry had to stop himself from grinning and instead looked at Dumbledore confused. "How what sir?" He wasn't going to go easy on the old man. "Do you…do you know of your past? Who you are?" Dumbledore asked. Again Harry nodded his head, "I was born Harry James Potter. My parents are James and Lily Potter. They currently live in Godric's Hollow with a young daughter, Anne, and an elder boy, Alex, a third year who attends Hogwarts as a Gryffindor." Dumbledore looked saddened by his words, "How? Why did you never go home? Your parents…all this time they thought-they were so worried about you." Harry almost wanted to laugh at the sincere words now pouring from the Headmasters mouth. They wanted to what? Love him? It was an interesting world he found himself in where parents would willingly sacrifice a child they loved in order to save their own skin. Either the Headmaster didn't have knowledge of the events of that Halloween night, or he was simply stupid. He was banking on the former, at least he hoped it was the former. "Well I had a happy childhood and was well provided for. I had no reason to go back home." Harry responded. "Who provided a home for you? Your parents told me you had died." Harry could see the confusion behind the well-masked saddened smile. The headmaster was furiously trying to recall all details of that fateful Halloween night. Harry nodded his head, "I'm sure they thought I did. I was found abandoned on the street in Diagon Alley by a nice couple. They raised me as their son." "In Norway?" Dumbledore questioned. Again Harry nodded his head. "They were just visiting England at the time and happened to come across me. Magic has her ways as they say." Dumbledore smiled softly at this. "I never knew my real name until I was eleven, and by then I had no real care to go in search of my real parents." "Why now? Why return to England? And I know you were homeschooled. Your teacher must have been very good, I'm sure you noticed a few mental probes from me earlier in the evening." "I would ask that you refrain from doing such a thing again Headmaster. I would hate to file a formal complaint." Snape spoke up for the first time. Dumbledore barely acknowledged Snape's warning before turning back to Harry. "They were killed. Masked men attacked our home over the summer and this was the only place I knew to go to. I still had a Hogwarts letter when I was eleven and decided I might be safe here." Dumbledore leaned in at the news of this. "Masked men?" He asked with raised eyebrows. His blue eyes sparkled over the half-moon glasses he wore. If Harry wasn't mistaken, Dumbledore almost looked excited at the prospect of Death Eaters killing his fake parents. Harry nodded, forming his face into one of sadness as he relived that 'horrific' night. "These men wore bone white masks and dark robes. I think they were coming after me. At least my father told me that men were always after me, that I was never safe. I was never told why I was in danger, just that I was." Dumbledore glanced to Severus who put on a show, his face contorted into one of surprise and fear. Another silent conversation ran between the two and eventually Snape spoke up. "I'll take you back to your new quarters now Harry." "Thank you for your time. If I can, I would love to sit down and talk more with you tomorrow if that's okay?" Dumbledore asked, putting on a warm grandfatherly smile that could sicken the soul. Harry smiled back and nodded his head as he stood up. "Of course Headmaster. Thank you for allowing me into this school." "Of course." Harry turned to walk away but Dumbledore's voice rang out once more. "And Harry, about your parents. I would very much like to learn what you know, if anything, about how you ended up in Diagon Alley." Harry bowed his head in response and walked out with Snape in tow. He left the Headmaster to his thoughts for the evening. A cold smile formed on Harry's lips as the first seeds of his game were planted. It was going to be an interesting year indeed.