That way you could save what money you have, so you could enjoy yourselves more, and give Miss Sarah, a memorable sixteen birthday." Hermione turned to look at Galven, who had just hung up with the hotel, having already let the manager know to have the room prepared. He grabbed a pad, and pen from his pocket, as he waited for her to tell him what else to do, "I want you to take Sarah to my summer closet, and let her pick up whatever she wants for her trip, I was going to donate last seasons wardrobe anyways." "I am not wearing hand me downs, we're not that bad off you know," Sarah answered, earning a glare from her parents. "About ninety-seven percent of the closet, still has the tags on it since I don't wear dresses to much, actually I think this is the only outfit I actually wear from last season. I usually keep all my jeans in the closet in my room, which is my usual wardrobe for the day, except for all last year when we wear mourning clothes. But those close don't belong in any of my seasonal closets, since they were made for me, just while I mourned all the losses of the war, and my parents." Hermione looked up at Anne, who was standing right behind the witch, gently squeezing her shoulders, "Please don't forget to send the summer wardrobe to Clarrise Anders from the orphanage, along with all my mother, and fathers clothing again. I had Galven send a letter last week, so Miss Anders, knew about the delivery ahead of time. Make sure to have Abigail make the drop off, Galven, made the woman nervous." "Oh course, my Lady," Anne answered, before leaving the room with her husband, leaving the six alone to eat. Hermione smirked as soon as the door shut, and quickly levitated the dishes to a lounge looking area, where there was a large television showing a game of football. "You all know where you sit, so why don't we just eat in this area, it use to be fathers old cigar room. But I use to come in here during dinner, so I could keep track of the games, it's the only place I like to eat. Not as lonely eating here, always hated that bloody long table," she watch as the family sat around the room, before sitting beside Seamus, as they enjoyed there dinner. "Galven, he always makes sure Anne, is distracted so I could eat in here. He said as long as you know where to sit, than we could eat breakfast, and dinner in here if she doesn't know." "What about lunch?" Asked Joseph, and Tom, in unison. "You'll probably eat your lunch, while your practicing with the football coach, same as Sarah, when she is practicing ballet in the studio. Lunch is where ever you happen to be at that time, they don't expect everyone to stop what they are doing, just to eat a meal that only last thirty minutes. Breakfast is held together, because the walk from your rooms, to this dining hall should wake you up. A cup of hot coffee, and or tea, will be waiting on your dresser to help you a little though." "I noticed as Anne showed us our rooms, that she didn't let us know where Seamus was to sleep," Audrey commented, as she watched her empty plate disappear, and a slide of cheesecake appeared, "Amazing." "His room, will be located in the south Wing, which had belong to my father." Hermione looked at her fiancee, as he took her hand in his, and started rubbing circles with the pad of his thumb, "In your wing, you will be allowed to decorate your study, and the other two rooms however you wish. I had my father's belongings moved into the library." "Why would my son need his own side of the house? Wouldn't this house be as much his, at it is yours?" Tom asked, getting slightly annoyed. He will have access to a majority of the house, and even more when our children are conceived, but my great accestors liked to keep there secrets till they knew they could fully trust someone," Answered the Host as she stood up, and looked to her quest, "If you don't mind, I need to go to our families chapel, and say my nightly prayer," she looked to her fiancee, and smiled as he was about to stand, "You do not need to go to the chapel at this time, or when we are married. I know your faith is not the same as my families, so I will not ask you to come with me, until it is your decision. For now allow me to say goodnight, and enjoy your time together," with that the young woman left, just as Galven re-entered the family room. Galven took a seat in one of the lounge, as he faced the large screen, with a slice of his own desert, "She hates keep secrets from you guys, it's just that tradition has always been important, to the family of Ravenclaws." Audrey smiled at the butler, as she took her husbands hand, "Miss Granger's mother was the same way, kept telling me that she had secrets, but I was not allowed to know them. We were best friends, and I mourned when I read of the Granger accident, that showed a picture of my old friend. I had thought she vanished, until seeing the death notification in the Prophet. Up until than, I had always assumed Miss Granger's parents, had been muggles since no one knew much of them." "That was all to keep the name safe," The Butler explained, as he stood to his feet, and faced the family, "It is now time to return to your rooms, and I shall be the one to escort you to the Wing." The Finnigans stood to follow the older man...