and her stomach spin painfully. "Oh Merlin, I think I'm going to be sick." "Me too," Malfoy muttered. "What the bloody hell happened to that chair?" Hermione looked towards the sad piece of furniture once more. It sagged pathetically. "I think you bent me over it and the back gave way," Hermione admitted. A blush stained her cheeks. "I have to shower…" She climbed out of bed, unable to locate anything decent enough to cover her naked form between the bed and the door. "Shit, Granger!" Malfoy cursed suddenly, scooting across the bed and following her. Hermione stopped at the tone in his voice and peered back over her shoulder at him. "What?" she asked, worried by his concerned frown. "I think I…. you have welts and bruises on your arse like I might've… flogged you," he admitted. Hermione hissed when he dragged one finger over something painful on her left bum cheek. "Do you suppose that was before or after we were each tied to the headboard?" Hermione asked as she continued into the bathroom. "We… fuck!" Malfoy exclaimed. Hermione watched him cross back to the bed where she could hear him trying to undo his belt from the bedframe. Turning on the water in the shower and trying desperately not to throw up, Hermione waited for the water to warm enough to be pleasant before she stepped inside. "Oh, Gods," she moaned as the water scalded down her back, both pleasant and painful as it hit the scratches and bruises on her skin. "Shit, Granger, don't make that noise," Malfoy's husky voice came from the other side of the shower curtain before he stepped through it. "What are you doing?" she demanded. "You can't just climb into the shower with me, Malfoy." "Witch, after everything we did to each other last night, do you think sharing a shower's going to make a difference?" Malfoy asked. He quirked one eyebrow at her even as he leaned into the spray of the shower. Hermione supposed that he had a point. Not that she had to like it. She was currently too hungover and feeling entirely too wretched to put up much of a fight or analyse the repercussions of what they'd done. Hermione knew that later it was going to bite her in the arse. Merlin, for all she knew, Malfoy was going to bite her arse. Again. "I hate you," she sighed before leaning into him under the spray, tucking her wet curls under his chin and leaning against his chest to better enjoy the hot water. Malfoy's reply was to chuckle darkly before his arms curled around her waist, pressing her more firmly against him. She didn't know how long they stood there under the hot water, leaning against one another. Hermione felt like she could go right back to sleep. Her head ached horribly and she felt like she was going to be sick at any moment. Her whole body ached with the pain of abused muscles, not to mention the welts, bruises and scratches littering her skin. When eventually the water ran cold, Hermione climbed out of Malfoy's embrace and out of the shower, dragging the scratchy hotel bath-towel against her skin to dry herself before wrapping it around herself tightly while Malfoy did the same. She felt mildly revived by the shower and some of her sense – along with her embarrassment – was returning. Shuffling into the bedroom once more, Hermione left Malfoy in the bathroom. She located their wands shoved under one of the pillows on the bed. Using hers quickly, Hermione performed cleansing charms on her clothing, before transfiguring her fancy silk gown – which now had a large rip down one side, thanks to Malfoy – into a pair of jeans and a jumper before she pulled them on quickly. "Erm…." Hermione muttered when Malfoy joined her, picking up his own wand as he dressed himself. He glanced over at her, one eyebrow quirked. "I erm… need you to perform a contraceptive charm," Hermione blurted, a blush staining her cheeks pink as she said so. "Right… bloody hell," Malfoy said. He ran his hand through his damp hair as he strode towards her, his shirt hanging open and revealing his washboard abs. Hermione tensed when he lifted the hem of her jumper to expose her stomach before he muttered the charm. Hermione felt the spell sink into her flesh with a strange cooling sensation that made the ache in her abused uterus throb painfully. "Thanks," Hermione whispered, lowering her jumper again when he was done. "Don't mention it," he replied in a tone that made her think the mounting awkwardness wasn't just her imagination. "Do I need to, erm… threaten you to keep this to yourself?" Hermione asked awkwardly. Unable to meet his gaze she stared at her fingers, toying with the hem of her jumper. "I think it's safe to say I'm well aware we both have reputations to maintain, Granger," Malfoy replied evenly. "Both of which would suffer should this little… soiree… get out. Trust me, I'll be taking this to the grave." Hermione nodded, sighing a little in relief. "Ok good. I'll erm… I'm going to go… I'll… see you," Hermione stammered out uncomfortably, turning towards the exit and crossing over to the door. Her hand was on the doorknob when he called out to her. "Granger?" Hermione turned towards him slowly, daring to raise her eyes to his silver pair. "This can never happen again," he warned quietly. He waved a hand between the two of them indicatively. Hermione nodded empathically in agreement, not daring to say a word lest she be terribly rude. Or vomit. Either was an option. Spinning back to the door, Hermione opened it and slipped through it, regret churning with embarrassment and awkwardness inside her already queasy stomach. He was right. It could never happen again. Hermione wondered why she had a terrible, sinking feeling inside to think that it still might.