Dumbledore's desk. Dumbledore chuckled. "Of course there's a woman. It's obvious even to an outsider that you've taken a liking to Miss Tonks, my dear boy" Remus sputtered, turning red. "That is – that's – that's completely irrelevant right now, Headmaster. There is a woman who knows about him ," he emphasized. Dumbledore's face grew serious. "And she's not in the Order? Who is this woman?" Remus sighed. "This witch claims to have just moved here from India. She seemed to know about my, er, condition, as well," Dumbledore's eyebrows shot up. "And she's a foreigner as well," he murmured while stroking his beard, deep in thought. "What's more is that she says she has two Masteries, and is starting work at the Department of Mysteries," said Remus, reaching over the Headmaster's desk and popping a lemon drop in his mouth. Dumbledore sighed. "If what you say is true, I think we need to call an impromptu Order meeting to discuss this. An unknown woman with knowledge like that is dangerous, especially if she is working for the other side," Remus stood up. "I'll inform everyone at Grimmauld Place, sir," Dumbledore nodded. "I will send out a message to the others." The Headmaster stopped all movement. "What is the woman's name?" "Naina Aurora. See you in a few, Dumbledore," said Remus, throwing Floo Powder in the fireplace and stepping through. Dumbledore cast his Patronus, informing the other members of the Order of the meeting. Aurora… he thought, a feeling of dread coming over him. I didn't expect to hear that name so soon. "Naina Aurora?" asked Kingsley Shacklebolt, his voice booming across the room. "As in the daughter of Aarav and Riya Aurora?" Dumbledore nodded. "It appears to be so. I've already confirmed with the Ministry, she starts work at the Department of Mysteries in two days," Arthur Weasley drew in a breath. "An Unspeakable… Albus, wouldn't it be a huge advantage to have her on our side?" Dumbledore was silent, but the whole room came to a silent agreement that it would be extremely beneficial having another insider from the Ministry on their side. Severus Snape rose. "Aarav Aurora was a Slytherin who favored neutrality," he said quietly. "If his daughter is anything like him, she will not want to outwardly pick a side," "The Auroras are notorious for their neutrality," agreed Dumbledore, nodding to Snape. "However, if you look at the files I retrieved from the Ministry, she would be an invaluable asset if she joined our cause," He threw a stack of parchment on the table, and everyone clustered around to read the files. "She's a niece of the Patils," muttered Sirius Black, squinting to read the small print on the parchment. "She was born here, moved back to India when her parents died. And she turns 26 this winter, but already has a double Mastery in Arithmancy and Astronomy?" His head shot up. Tonks laughed. "It's about time we got some strong women on our side," "We don't even know this woman! How are we sure she'll even be trustworthy? Keep in mind this is the safety of everyone in this house we would be risking," said Molly Weasley, wringing her hands worriedly. "She doesn't have a place to live," said Remus, speaking up for the first time. "She told me she was staying at the Leaky," Dumbledore nodded. "Our best course of action would be to ask her to stay here. After that, I can meet with her and ask her to join our cause. However, she'll need to be monitored. Sirius, Remus, Nymphadora," he said, turning to the three of them. "I trust you three will be able to do the job? She's close in age to all three of you," Tonks nodded. Sirius laughed and clapped Remus on the back. "Looking after a pretty bird? You don't even have to ask," Remus rolled his eyes. "I never said she was pretty, Padfoot," he reminded Sirius. Sirius waved away his concern with a hand. "I'm sure she is," Remus sighed and looked away, accidentally meeting Tonks' eyes, who winked at him. His cheeks flaming, Remus looked away. "So shall I send her a letter?" he asked, bringing the conversation back to the topic at hand. "Yes. However, if she refuses our offer, she must be Obliviated," said Dumbledore seriously, clasping his hands in front of him. Naina woke up feeling rather well rested. Casting a teeth cleansing charm, she heard a tapping noise on the window. Sighing, she slipped out of bed and reached up to open the window. A small, brown owl came hooting in and dropped a letter on the table. She walked over to the table to look at the letter; it was addressed to her in an unfamiliar but tidy scrawl. Dear Naina, This is Remus Lupin, we met last night and had tea at the Leaky. How are you settling in? I do hope you are doing well. I hope this is not too presumptuous of me, but I had a conversation with my landlord last night about the possibility of you staying in the house I am currently living in. There is currently a large family living here, as well as myself and my landlord. The house has just been discovered after a long period of no use, so the only rent you would have to pay is a helping hand to assist with cleaning. Let me know if this sounds agreeable to you. If not, I apologize for my forwardness, and hope we can meet up for a meal at some point in the future. Remus Lupin Naina smiled to herself. This was just the opportunity she had been looking for. Any other woman would have been suspicious of a man they met last night offering them a place to stay, but she knew Remus Lupin was trustworthy. She had seen him in her dreams, after all. Mausi means Aunt, if you didn't catch on to that.