her hips, seeking more friction; more pleasure. Della whined like a mutt at being held still. "Please fuck me," she begged, delirious with need, overcome with a deep ache inside of her to be shagged until she howled her own release. "With pleasure," he practically purred, arching under her and sliding impossibly deeper. His grip on her hips slid her up and down his cock quickly, shooting her into delirium and bliss almost immediately. "Gods!" Della groaned. "Harder, Fenton. Please fuck me harder." His responding growl vibrated all the way through his cock and inside of her and Della sobbed. His cock never leaving her tight, fluttering sheath, Della found herself on all fours on the bed, Fenton fucking her like the wolf he was. His massive form dwarfed her own to such an extent that her back pressed against the full length of his chest and he held her hands on the bed, his hips snapping as he rutted her. Della's mind drifted in a sea of bliss, panting, crying, overcome with it all. He seemed to swell inside of her then and magic surged through her, slamming her into orgasm. A whining, blissful howl tore from her throat and Fenton joined her, howling as he came deep within her. She was lost, overcome, completely ruined. Her energy waned as her body went limp, held in place only by the arm he belted around her middle, holding her in place. Beyond the cottage, his pack of lycans howled with him again as he fucked her into a stupor. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ Fenton lost track of the number of time over the next four days that he fucked his mate. They didn't stop to eat, their magic sustaining them, pushing them to continue, the lycan magic forcing them to continue until she fell pregnant. His Beta brought them water, waking him without disturbing his mate, but not lingering to share in his success and joy at finding his mate and fucking his cubs into her. "Her people are looking for her, Fen," Rafe said from the doorway on the fourth day while his mate laid spooned in his arms. Fenton lifted his head, peering at his Beta. "How do you know?" he ground out. "There's a notice in the papers," Rafe said. "She's been reported missing. Are you done yet?" Fenrir shifted slightly and smirked when his cock finally, finally slid free of her. Breathing in deep, the sweet scent of her fertility dimmed, overcome by a rich, vanilla scent. "She's pregnant," he murmured. His wolf nearly had him howling again, but he tamped down the urge. He didn't want to wake her. "What are you going to do? Her people will think the worst." "They should," he nodded, fishing his cock from within her. The puddle of ejaculate spreading across the sheet as it dribbled out of her soaked him and Fenton sighed. Scooping his mate into his arms, he carried her to the bathroom while she slumbered. He set her on the toilet, holding her in the right position as the mess continued leaking from within her. "You…?" Rafe asked, letting himself into the cottage. "I ran her down when I caught her scent," Fenton grunted. "Shit." "The magic of the Mating might've pushed her into fondness for me rather than terror and hatred, but she'll come to and be furious soon enough. I need to get her home and safely into her bed before her people catch me. "You're letting her go?" Rafe asked, eyes wide with shock. "She's pregnant with your cub. With the future of the pack." "She's human," Fenton reminded him. "And she'll stay that way until she gives birth. You know what will happen if I turn her while she'd pregnant." "But…" "Find out where she lives, Rafe," Fenton growled. "Her name is Della Stone." "She's from Kensington." "I'll find it," Fenton muttered. He needed to get her clean and fed, and then he needed to get her home. Working his fingers inside her, Fenton made a face at the thick, viscous strands of spunk that leaked down his fingers. Scraping it all out of her, he carried her to the shower and sat on the floor with her propped against him. She still didn't wake. "You rode her hard," Rafe commented, watching the proceedings with fascination. "She howled," Fenton smirked. "Aye, and we howled with her. She's carrying the hope of our pack in her womb. You marked her, too," he smiled. Fenton nodded, lapping at the scarred bite on her shoulder. He'd sunk his teeth into it more times than he could count. "Couldn't let anyone else harm her or lay a hand on her," Fenton shrugged. "You really want to let her go?" "She'll be back," he murmured. "Before the cub comes, she'll love me." Rafe nodded his head slowly. Fenton didn't know if his Beta believed him. Hell, he didn't know if he believed it himself, but he was hopeful. Leaving her would be torture, but he'd do it. He was strong. She'd need time to accept all of this. Time away from him. Time to grow their cub inside of her. Besides, the moon was rising. Drying off and dressing quickly, Fenton Disapparated to Kensington with a crack. It was easy to follow her scent to her home. There were people waiting on watch to see if she'd come home, but he skirted around them and let himself inside. The wards rippled over him, the magic recognising him as the mate of a resident and circumventing their ability to keep him out. More perks of lycanthropy. Why anyone wouldn't want to be a werewolf was beyond Fenton. He carried his slumbering mate all the way into her bedroom and laid her under the covers. Pressing a kiss to her forehead and another to her womb, Fenton fought with Fenrir to leave her there, unprotected. He made sure to pull the covers to her chin before he Disapparated with a crack.