I have to share my cell with you." He complained. "This isn't exactly my cup of tea either." Harry grumbled as he examined their new lodgings. They weren't exactly the greatest but hopefully he wouldn't have to deal with them long. "It isn't the worst thing that could have happened." He shrugged. "Your only alive right now because the Dark Lord claimed your death. As soon as he arrives, you're dead." Draco snapped at how Potter wasn't taking this situation seriously. "Not if I'm gone before Tom gets here." Harry replied calmly. "Who the hell is Tom." Draco asked confused. "Doesn't matter." Harry dismissed the question not feeling like explaining. He knew that Voldemort had gone through a lot of trouble hiding his parentage from his followers. "Don't worry. I already have a way of escape." Harry sat down on the bed beside the blonde. He leaned back against the wall calm about being imprisoned. Draco was going to start asking more questions when they heard some movement nearby. "Shhh." Potter put a hand over his mouth to get him to be quite. The Slytherin grumbled unhappily against his palm. His breath warmed the skin of his hand. The footsteps moved past the door of their cell and disappeared. When he noticed he still had his hand over Malfoy's face he blushed and let him go. When Draco was released he stood up and started to pace back and forth. "This is a fucking bad sitation."This was a really bad situation he had found himself in, all because he couldn't watch his school nemesis die. "Wait maybe being stuck here with you isn't a bad thing. Your Order with send a rescue mission for you." Draco said out loud in contemplation. "I just tag along with you when they come for you." "You'd really leave with me?" Harry looked intently at the Slytherin who he could see the implications of his desertion flash across his eyes. Remembering his vision; if he could remove Malfoy Lucius might desert hsi master leaving him high and dry. "I can't leave my parents." Draco exclaimed, he didn't know what the dark lord would do to them if he disappeared. Harry walked and grabbed the Slytherin by his shoulders. "You don't have much of a choice anymore. When Bellatrix wakes up she'll most likely kill you for your treachery. I'm sure your parents would much rather you stay alive." "If I stay…" Draco gulped, sighing in resignation running his fingers through his hair. There was only torture in his future if he didn't leave. His aunt would not give him a fast death if she got a hold of him. "Maybe. I don't want this anymore." He exclaimed unsure of his decision. "Shake on it." Harry held his hand out for the blonde to take. Malfoy looked at his hand warily before he made a decision. The slim hand grasped his hand tightly. It felt like this moment had been postponed for six long years. "Agreed." When Draco had offered out his hand in first year and Potter had rejected him. Harry smiled to himself as he looked down at his watch. "That should've given them enough time." They'd been in the dungeon for a good half an hour at least. "Dobby!" He called into thin air. The house elf popped into existence in the middle of the dingy cell. "Harry Potter is in the dungeons." Dobby said as he realized their location. "Yes but not for long, because you are going to get us out of here." Harry stood up and stretched out his muscles. "Us?" Dobby asked looking around for another wizard. "Young Master Malfoy." He said in surprise when he spotted the young son of his former master. "House elves? You're using house elves to break into the manor." Draco said in surprise. Looking at the strange elf that was wearing clothes. Not just any clothes but two knitted hats, a blue sweater with a kitten face on it, and rainbow striped socks. "Did you guys get the item we came for?" Harry inquired. "Yes. Master Weasley and Mistress Granger have it now back at the house." Dobby nodded to himself. "Good everything went to plan then." Harry smiled in relief. That was one of the horcruxes down. "To plan! You're in the dungeon." Draco said with his arms crossed. "You see, I was the distraction so that the death eater's weren't concentrating on what my friends were doing." Harry shrugged off the blonde's irritation. "So it went perfectly to plan." "What help is he going to be?" Draco asked pointing to the elf. "They are good when you want a cup of tea but what use could a house elf be for breaking out of jail?" "Never underestimate a house elf." Harry claimed with a confident smirk. "Read this." He handed the blonde a slip of paper. "Number Twelve Grimmauld Place." Draco read out loud. "What is this? An address." He answered his own question holding up the slip of paper. Harry took Dobby's small hand into his. "Grab his other hand." When Malfoy made no movement Harry tugged him by his robe close to him and put a hand around his waist. "We're ready." He nodded at the house elf. "For what?" Draco asked anxiously, turning his head to speak making his nose brush against Potters jaw. 'When did he get taller than me?' He asked himself. "We are going to aparate out of here." Harry answered with a smirk. "Apa… there are very strong ward in place against that very thing." Draco snapped loudly straight into his ear. Harry winced at the loud noise. Hoping no one heard. "A house elves' magic works differently than ours. The wards will do nothing to stop him, while if we tried we would get splinched." He said to reassure the blonde. Malfoy gave him an unsure look. With a snap of Dobby's little fingers they aparated out of Malfoy Manor dungeons. ...TBC