the boot was a duffle with five 'eads all cut off and a big load of morphine." "They don't think–" "'Fraid so. I mean, five 'eads is serious. Bobbies don't want people thinkin' there's some bloke runnin' round with a big chopper. There was Mucky, in the car with the 'eads and the dope and a record of in and out of gaol. It just seemed easy to lock 'im up and call case closed." I sighed, this sounded more difficult than anything I'd done before for my lads... At least since we'd gotten back from France. But I knew Mucky, and I knew him to be utterly harmless, other than his questionable habit of slipping other people's property into his own pockets. "No promises. I'll see what he's up against and do what I can." June linked arms with me, " We shall do all we can to see justice done." "I don't recall requesting your help." "Well you have it anyway. Two heads are better than one – especially if one of them is yours." "This is not a game! A man's life is in danger." "And that is all the more reason to accept any help which is offered. You should thank me." "I should take a hair brush to your derriere." "Later, perhaps. Right now there is a mystery to solve." Notes Built in 1906 at a cost of £1.2 million the War Office building (equivalent to the US Pentagon) at Horse Guards Avenue and Whitehall remained in use until 1964. The British Army was woefully unprepared for the Great War. All volunteers, the small regular army, the British Expeditionary Force basically ceased to exist by late 1914. More volunteers, termed Kirchner's Army or the second army, absorbed the remnants of the first army (who later called themselves the Old Contemptibles for the low regard the Kaiser was said to have for them). In January 1916 the draft created the third army. During the French Revolution it had been discovered that military ability is not based on social status (there was this guy you might have heard of, Napoleon), but the Brits were slow in learning the lesson and still imagined the gentry and noble classes automatically produced men of officer caliber. To what degree you can blame bad strategy on this bias is unclear. No one in any military was prepared for the new techniques and technologies which made trench war so Hellish in the War to End All Wars. The typical Bentley 3 Litre was a touring model (open) but customized bodies were common and it could be ordered with a saloon (enclosed) body. (Alfred) Ernest Jones introduced the cult of Freud to England in 1913. Psychoanalysis was at least as effective as other medical knowledge at the time in treating shell shock (which today would be known as PTSD - post-traumatic stress disorder) and it came into vogue in the 1920s. Demob - demobilization. Britain quickly dropped more than three million soldiers from the ranks (creating unemployment problem in the process) while slashing military spending because the War to End All Wars was over and no one would be crazy enough to start another. Hypnosis/Mesmerism... Franz Anton Mesmer developed the techniques we call hypnosis in the early 19th century. In the mid-19th century the term hypnosis, meaning sleep inducing, came into use - although not for mesmerism. In the late 19th century the word hypnosis began to become attached to the techniques of Dr. Mesmer. Usage remained fluid for years with hypnosis finally vanquishing the term mesmerism. The mail order course in hypnosis is an anachronistic joke based on classified ads in later magazines for boys, who dreamed it would give them power over women. Crush, as American slang for infatuation, pre-dates the first World War. White ducks - white duck (canvas) trousers. In the 1920s they became a unisex garment. A novelty song from 1926 makes fun of fact it can hide the gender of the person wearing them. A chemise was a sort of undergarment on its early appearance, intended for both men and women. For women it evolved into the outer dress of the flapper, which hung from shoulders to knees with no waist - allowing freedom of movement. For men it evolved into white cotton undershirts. The woman's garment was sometimes vulgarized into shimmy dress, while a style of men's undershirts was vulgarized into 'wife-beaters'. Battle of Loos, 1915, saw the first attempt by British forces to use poison gas in battle. Poor communication turned what could have been an important victory for the Allies into defeat. Third Ypres - several battles took place around Ypres during the Great War. The third major conflict is also know as the Battle of Passchendaele, 1917. Portia - term for woman lawyer. In Shakespeare's Merchant of Venice a disguised Portia defends Antonio in court. Since women weren't allowed on stage it would have been a young man, playing the part of a woman, disguised as a man. One wonders if might have inspired Victor/Victoria - where Julie Andrews plays a woman, pretending to be a man, who is a female impersonator. Some women in Britain had earned legal degrees beginning in the late 19th century. It became easier to enter law school after passage of the 1919 Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act, but it didn't necessarily make it easier for women to obtain jobs in the legal profession. Trench foot was a common problem which could lead to gangrene and amputation. 'That's the Wrong Way to Tickle Marie', to the tune of, 'It's a Long Way to Tipperary' was printed in the 1917 Tommy's Tunes, a collection of some of the cleaner songs sung by soldiers on the front. Needless to say 'Hanging on the Old Barbed Wire', a bitter condemnation of the comforts enjoyed by officers while privates were slaughtered, was not. The War Office thought it lowered morale, and Tommy's Tunes was meant to show how cheerfully the BEF carried on.