Agnar. "Would be suspicious... Something with 'M' it is." Agnar said. They took a moment to think again. Alfonso started to throw suggestions. "Miles?" "Absolutely not, it's common." "Makram." "I'd rather sleep on the couch for the rest of my life." "Maitland." "I'd feel bad for his future." "Malcom." "Common." After a long moment of Agnar responding with 'Common', Alfonso found the perfect one. "Morris!" Alfonso shouted out of anger. "I like that one. Morris it is." Agnar said. "We can have Rosary as his middle name since I didn't allow you to give it to Morty." "Morris Rosary Salem? We can add Harold as another. Simply because, it was supposed to be his name, I guess. So, it would be, Morris Rosary Harold Salem?" Alfonso said. "I feel bad, but it works." Agnar replied. This was the beginning of an existence for Morris Salem. • Somewhere else, in Godric Hollow's, in a cottage lived a woman and a man with their newborn. The woman named Lily Potter was playing with her child named Gregory, Gregory James Potter. Gregory had her red hair and James' hazel eyes. She thought of her other child, she knew he would be fine with Petunia, she wouldn't hurt him if he had no magic. It was time to forget, she had a son to raise. Her husband James had recently destroyed the second crib they had set up a long time ago. They were only three, it was just them. No one must never know that the other child was a squib, a child that must be forgotten. 31st OCTOBER, 1981 An awful event took place at the Potter's cottage, but no one died. James and Lily were knocked out cold when an awful being had came along to destroy their home after learning about a prophecy. Voldemort himself stood over the unconscious woman and he looked at the child that was in front of child looked at him with big eyes. Voldemort raised his wand at Henry. Little did he know, that night was the night that Voldemort's physical form will vanish. Voldemort said "Avada Kedavra" and a green light shone from the wand and hit Henry. The man was no more and Henry sat and cried because of the pain from the scar on his forehead. It wasn't long until Dumbledore and some of the Order of the Pheonix had arrived. Lily and James were awoken from where they were laying and found their son only had a scar that bled with no Voldemort in sight. That night, Gregory James Potter was declared the boy who had defeated Voldemort. • A month later, November was making the weather quite cold where the Salem lived. Their children had grown up quite nicely and the young boys enjoyed having a good laugh. When they went to the ministry to register Morris' existence, they made sure to change some of his features so he looked exactly like Mortimer. Morris' face was changed to make it rounder and his skin more greyish, he looked more like Mortimer without the freckles so they could distinguish the two boys and his birthday was changed to the same exact as Mortimer, May 15th. Alfonso was at the kitchen table and feeding his two young boys, Mortimer and Morris. Mordred was across the table, he was quietly reading a kids book of fairy tales in french. Agnar walked in with the newspaper, a copy of The Prophet . He sat down next to his husband. "Alfon, have you read this yet? It's been a month and they are still going about what had happened last month on Halloween." He told to Alfonso. "Seriously? It's getting real tired. Those from Britain are awfully weird and obsessed over such, well, technically their young defeated the harm." Alfonso said quietly as Mortimer grabbed a piece of cereal and threw it at Agnar. "Oy, Morty, bad. Don't throw food." Agnar said. Morris found the reaction interesting and did the same as Mortimer. "Morry!" Agnar shouted. Alfonso and Mordred laughed as Mordred and Morris continued to throw pieces of cereal at their father Agnar. A.N.: Just saying that I do read reviews, this chapter as obviously been re-written to anyone who re-reads this. I had read some reviews and I must agree on some things that people saying. Some things were heavily edited or changed completely. The only thing that didn't change was Alfonso being Lily and Petunia's cousin. This shall still be in the story, but it won't affect much. My also sincere apologies if any characters seem OOC. Another thing, the prologue and first chapter will be heavily changed. But only those two, and from there, I will continue to write until I reach the end of the story. Now, on to the Salems and a description about how they are: - Agnar Seth Salem (Pureblood, Went to Durmstrang) (He's a calm man but has claustrophobia, he tends to be more open to his husband and children. He makes potions for a living.) - Alfonso Locust Salem née Durant Evans (Halfblood, Went to Beauxbatons) (Alfonso has slight anger issues when he got older, compared to his younger self that was quiet and calm, Alfonso grew up to be quick to anger.) - Mordred Nightshade Salem (Will go to Hogwarts and will be in Ravenclaw.) (Mordred prefers to quickly get to the point and figuring out the unknown, he's pretty calm in general.) - Mortimer Jimson Salem (Mortimer is easily excited and enjoys finding ways to get whatever he wants.) Mortimer and Morris (Harry) will be also going to Hogwarts but will both be in Slytherin. All their children are Halfblood, Mordred is four years older. For Harry's personality, I'll try to keep him same to the books, but he will have some changes. He'll be the kind of person who makes logical plans, which helps Mortimer get what he wants, but will have a destructive nature (This will be explained in later chapters).