already knowing what her mom was trying for, before turning to her uncle, "I think you should keep the puppy here, and since I will be here everyday after school, I could visit the two of you. Uncle Snape, said that the pup will be happy here," she looked back at her mom, with a toothy grin, "So now I get a pet, and uncle George, won't be lonely." "That's what I was thinking, love," The witch agreed, getting back to her own feet, and walking to the redhead, whispering in his ear, "Enjoy you're new pup, uncle George." George watched as his friend, and goddaughter left his shop, then turned to the black pup in the cage, "I really should had seen that coming, right?" He removed the pup from the cage, and carried it around the shop, as he locked, and warded it, before going up to his apartment. Harry watched as his friend stormed into his house, as he tried to rock his daughter to sleep, as his wife prepared dinner. He glared at the loudness of the redhead, "I am trying to put Lily to sleep, mate." The redhead wizard looked at his friend, as his expression softened at seeing the sleeping child, with light red hair, "Sorry mate, but you'll never guess, who is back in town?" "Who?" Harry asked, laying his daughter in the play pin, and then turning to look at the redhead. "I was walking down Diagon Alley, when I spotted George eating ice cream with a little girl, and you'll never guess who the mother is?" Ron made a dramatic pause, waiting for his friend to answer, before continuing, "Hermione had the-" "Wait, Hermione, you mean she came back from Australia, and had a little girl. Who's the father?" Harry asked, thinking that his friend had left for Australia, since that's what he had been told by his best redhead friend, almost six years ago. "Why didn't she let us know, that she is-" "Hermione's back? I still think the way she left, was not very friendly, especially after the kindness my family had shown her." Ginny commented, looking at her brother, and husband. "Need remind you, she saved our arses on more than one occasion, and even saved her parents so she could help our cause." George explained, walking into the house, and sending his younger siblings a dirty look, "Hermione couldn't find her parents to give the spell reversed, because it is unreversable once cast on anyone. So after coming too Ron, thinking that he would be a supportive friend, she told him about being pregnant from when she was raped. Unlike a friend, but very much a Ron moment, he told her that she either get rid of her baby, or she risks losing his friendship. She left the magical community, moved into a muggle home, and had her daughter." George looked down at his sisters daughter, and than at Ginny, "But that is not why I am here. Remember that new Magic PI, which you wanted me to hire, so he could keep an eye on your wife?" Ginny turned and glared at her husband, who was looking towards her older brother, "Oh did you now?" Harry looked down at the sleeping baby, and than back at his wife, not even phased by the glare, "After we couldn't have a child the first two years, I had gone to the Healer's, and they told me I was unable to father children. Apparently under the crucio so many times, it could even ruin a wizards chance of fathering children. So when you came home pregnant the week after, I had George, to help watch out for you." "Why didn't you come to me? Harry, we're best friends." His best friend asked, as his face turned red from anger, and hurt. "Well I heard you bad talking Hermione, shortly after you telling me she went to Australia, so I didn't feel like I could trust you. So George, since I started helping him at the shop, listened to my suspensions about Ginny. So he talked to a friend, who works undercover, and now I am about to learn what was discovered." He sent a dirty look at his wife, "As if I don't already know." He looked up at George, who was avoiding looking at his siblings, "Go on George." "She's been sleeping with a player from her team, but little Lilly is yours Harry" George answered with a smile. Harry dropped back to the couch, with the shock that he had managed to father a child, but couldn't look at the woman he had been married to for the last six years, "How long, Ginny?" "Harry, I-" She dropped to her husbands side, and reached for his hand, "It was only one dumb mistake, it-" "A mistake that has been going on, for the last two years, even before you got pregnant with Harry," George looked at His brother-in-law, with an apologetic expression, "Sorry, Mate." Harry walked to where his daughter was lying, and lifted her out of the play pen, before turning to his wife, "I am getting full custody of Lily, and you won't get anything from my vault," he started to go upstairs, but paused halfway, "I want you out of my house, and I will have Percy, draw up the divorce papers." "HOW COULD YOU GINNY!" Ron got ready to follow his friend, but stopped at the cold look in his friends eyes, "Harry?" "You lied to me about Hermione, making me believe she left us all for Australia, when really you made her leave town. How can you claim to had known her, but you still gave her the bloody choice, knowing she would never end a life. I don't think I could look at you now Ron, so please give me time," Harry's eyes turned to George, who was looking slightly uncomfortable, "Please let Molly know, that I will bring Lily over,