nightmare that the boy was good and I had no reason to beat the crap out of him. Then because I was running late I didn't get my morning cup of coffee and we know what happens when I don't get my coffee. Then I got to work and realized that my belt was still hanging up in the bathroom where I left it last night to dry. Then as if things couldn't get any worse, my boss did a surprise uniform check. He normally does it by last name but today he did it by first name. A fellow co-worker named Chuck slipped me his belt after our boss checked his uniform. If it had not been for Chuck I would have been fired." Petunia soother her husband's head, she then leaned down and kissed him and said, "You know what will make you feel better and calm you down." Vernon nodded his head and got up from his chair. He went upstairs and grabbed his belt from the bathroom and went to the attic. He opened the door and began to climb the stairs. Harry could hear his uncle's heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. He wondered why his uncle was coming up the stairs, was it that late in the day, or was it lunchtime. Harry could tell by the way his uncle was coming up the stairs that he was in for another beating. He figured that his uncle had probably had a bad morning/day, depending on what time of the day it was, at work and so he was going to the one thing that made him feel better, beat the crap of Harry. Harry hated getting beat up he had problems getting into fights at school with Ron. He ended up with cuts, bruises, and broken bones from the fights with Ron and the one fight with Fred and George. Most of the time, Harry ended up sending Ron to the hospital wing. You see Ron made fun of Harry because he had no parents and he lived with muggles. Harry sat up the best he could. His back was still sore from yesterday and his head was pounding and even with his glasses everything was slightly fuzzy. Uncle Vernon came into view and he looked at Harry and Harry looked back at him. Uncle Vernon then walked across the attic and grabbed the chair from the corner. Harry hated when his uncle used the chair. It meant that his uncle was really mad and Harry was going to get a good hard beating. He knew he would have his hands tied to the chair and he would be beaten till he fell to his knees. Sometimes his uncle would stop after he fell the first time other times he would make Harry stand back up and beat him till he fell a second time. Harry wondered what had happened to make Uncle Vernon so mad. He didn't dare ask that would only make things worse much worse. Uncle Vernon just stood by the chair. Harry knew what to do. He pulled his shirt off trying not to wince in pain from his back and his wrist. He then walked over to the chair. He placed his hands on the chair and as Uncle Vernon tied the rope around his hands, Harry could feel a sharp shooting pain in his right wrist. However, there was nothing he could do about it. After Uncle Vernon finished tying Harry's hands to the chair he took his belt and began to beat the living crap out of Harry. He could feel the belt ripping his skin open and the burning and stinging pain his back is in. Not to mention the blood rushing back. After about two minutes, Harry fell to his knees. He could now feel the blood going down his legs. Uncle Vernon pulled him back up and continued beating Harry up then when Harry fell a second time Uncle Vernon untied his hands. Then he led Harry over to the bed and pushed him onto his stomach. Uncle Vernon got down on his knees next to Harry and pulled out his pocket knife and turned Harry's head so that see the knife. He then told Harry, "I am going to make sure that you will always remember that you are stupid and will never make anything of yourself. You are stupid for getting in trouble at school and because you are just like your mother." Vernon then took the blade and pressed it against the upper part of Harry's back. Then he said, " You will have the word 'stupid' carved into your back as a reminder." With that Vernon began to carve the word into Harry's back. Harry could feel the blade tearing his skin and he buried his face in the bed and tried not to cry. He felt every cut that his uncle made burn and sting, as if it was being burned into his back permanently. By the time Vernon was finished carving' stupid' into Harry's back, it was covered in blood, lots of blood, bruises, welts, cuts and a permanent reminder that he was stupid. Harry knew that he was stupid. He had barely passed his classes. Harry knew that he had trouble reading but what he didn't know was the he had Dyslexia, but no one knew this. Harry by this point was having trouble breathing. Vernon stood up, moved the chair back to the corner and left the attic. Harry turned his head so he could try and breathe better but it didn't help much at all. Harry didn't have to hide the tears now nor could he. He was in a hell of a lot of pain and he was hungry too. Harry had not eaten anything since he had been here nor could he remember the last time he had eaten. He just lay on his pile of blankets and cried until he slipped unconscious.