sod off Zabini, actually, I was with your mother. She wants to make me her eighth husband." "Your funeral," Blaise said coolly Harry smiled at his friends antics. Draco and Blaise were so unalike that it always brought some interesting conversations and arguments to the table. They always managed to get under each other's skin or under Draco's skin anyway. "Oh sod off Zabini, she's not a whore. Besides I'm the only one here that knows how to please a woman." "I'd hardly call her a woman. Even mud-muggleborns are cleaner than that girl." "Enough Blaise," Harry said "Sorry," "I have enough to think about without thinking about Draco's sex life," Harry said "I agree," Blaise replied Draco folded his arms annoyed, "If I recall, this conversation was about Greengrass!" "Who you want have sex with," Blaise said "Who I want as my wife!" "I'm positive that's not mutually exclusive," Harry sighed again before turning around to leave. "Where are you going?" Draco asked "I'm going to sleep, early training tomorrow at five. You're welcome to join." Draco laughed, "You can bet I won't be there!" "I'll decline," Blaise said After taking a shower, Harry was finally ready to sleep. Even though he had did no training today, it had been a tiring day. Either way, he was eager to sleep especially because he didn't do a lot of it. Harry closed his eyes welcoming sleep to follow. Soon enough, his eyes opened again to white room. In front him the events that had happened recently were being broadcasted on this wall. Snape had trained him to become a skilled occlumens over the course of his training due to his connection with Voldemort which allowed for him to be too vulnerable. After a couple of years of practice, he had learned how to come to this place...the control room, are at least that's what he called it. Every night when he went to sleep. Even though he came here every night, it still always felt like a distant memory when he tried to remember it in the morning. Time passed slowly but also rather quickly because it was so easy to get lost in memories. Harry turned around from the wall to see a vault. It's in this vault in which he kept memories he didn't want resurfacing throughout his day, although he didn't forget them, it helped him in forgetting the emotions that were attached to it. Harry let the vault open as he walked inside. Inside was set up like jail cells where inside were memories that held very high emotional impact such as the death of his parents, and many training failures. At the end of the cell stood one memory that involved his second year. It was the only video he watched every week because he wanted to feel those emotions even if he would lock them away again before he woke. It was something he could never forget as long as he fought in this war...what losing felt like. Harry opened the cell door as the memories attacked him and he could feel the anger began to resurface again… A Basilisk lay dead, a sword lay engraved in its head, and black blood seeped from its head. The boy next to the defeated Basilisk looked just as defeated. His robes were tattered and hanging on one shoulder, blood and cuts covered his chest, and his hair matted with blood as well as a few deep cuts on his face. Harry looked down at his arm where a small bite hole was surrounded by darkened veins. His breath was ragged and his vision began to blur as he desperately tried to stay up. "Damn It!" Harry said The Basilisk venom had begun to take effect. An older boy moved forward to stand in front of Harry. His appearance almost looked corporal, but there was something still so ghastly about him. "You have honestly surprised me. You have so much potential and power and yet... you are weak" Tom riddle said as he kicked Harry in stomach. Harry screamed as he collapsed to the ground. Tom Riddle knelt down beside Harry, picking up Harry's head so that they could be eye to eye. " People will never love you, but you can make them...with power. That's the antidote to weakness...Power! Make every wizard bow before you when they hear your name! I can teach you how to make people love you and respect you," Tom moved Harry's head to look at the idle body of Ginny Weasley, "She told me they already feared you. She told me you were scary and wicked. You should do something to really make them fear you. People are idiots, you make them fear you, and they will respect you. Make them respect you, and they will love you." Harry said nothing unable to lift himself up as he continued to hear Tom Riddle talk. His vision becoming ever more black around the edges. "I can teach you all this, Potter. I am not the Voldemort who killed your parents. I can heal you right now and we can go and rule this wizarding world ourselves," "F-Fuck Y-You," Harry managed to say as Tom Riddle got up, letting Harry's head hit the floor "I figured as much, but don't say I never offered!" Harry looked at the dead Ginny Weasley in front of him. They would blame him for this, and he knew it. He had tried, damn it, but nobody would care. They never did. Tom picked the dead girl up and the diary that lay beside her. "You can only be weak without fear and power, Harry. The less you care, the better off you'll be. The weak only lose." The last thing Harry saw was a now completely real Tom Riddle slamming his foot against his face. A/N Because this an AU, not everything will be like canon. Information will be revealed slowly, but surely. Yes, this is Harry/Daphne.