fact that the maid was coming stuck in Dumbledore's craw, until it was explained that she needs to be within ten to fifteen feet of Harry at least every five hours because of how she was bound to him, otherwise she'll be instantly teleported to his side. And Lucian flat out refused to let his godson traipse around in robes, so a swift compromise was made, Harry would be wearing a tunic, and cotton pants in Hogwarts colors. Dumbledore dismissed Lucian's remark about Talon refusing to surrender his dagger 'knowing' that a wand can defeat a dagger at any time. Details hashed out, Dumbledore gave the basic information about where the train leaves, and left Talon to get his school supplies, assuming of course he can get a wand. Lucian, as well as the majority of the rescue party left as well, after Sierra cast the spell to send them back. Although Lucian did whisper something to Talon before he left. The group stopped in Gringotts to back a sackful of galleons, then after dividing the money, split up to get the supplies. Eboni went to get the potion ingredients, and supplies the ryu and skeleton stayed with Talon to help get his wand, and the lilum went to go to the bookstore. Silvera decided to explore a place called Knockturn ally to see if anything interesting resided there. Ice decided to wander through some of the other stores to see if they had anything useful. In the wand shop: "Snapped your wand did you Talon?" Ollivander commented sadly. "Unfortunately that will make it nearly impossible to gain another, as it is seen by your magic as you rejecting it." "Nearly?" Sierra asked. "Yes, well he would need a greater compatibility than average with the wand, and materials for the wand that he has some sort of attachment to." Sierra thought for a minute than asked, "What exactly is a wand made out of?" "A wand is made of a part of a magical creature, such as dragon heart-string, unicorn hair, or phoenix feather, as a core, and a wood, or other similar material to contain it. I also heard bone could be used better than wood, but taking bones from a grave or killing a person for the bone is illegal." Sierra smiled and asked, "What if the materials were donated willingly from people whom care for Talon? Would that made a strong enough bond?" Kell removed the ulna from her arm, ignoring Talon's protest, and held it to Ollivander while saying, "For Talon's wand" the old wand maker looked at the proffered bone and thought about it then smiled. "Yes I believe it'll work, just bring me the materials, and I'll make it over the course of the next week." "Talon wait here, I'll be back shortly," Sierra said as she left the shop. Half an hour later she returned, and started setting materials on the table. "Here, a talon from a gargoyle, hair from an anubis, glacius, and lilum, horn pieces from myself and a dragon. Every material given to you for his wand." she paused as the ulna was set next to the materials. "oh and a bone for the body." "Talon, Put your hand over the materials so I can check how compatible they are, and how suited for a wand's core," Ollivander said, and as soon as Talon did so all the cores, and bone lit up gold, but with varying intensity. "Lets see, the color is good meaning that he is almost completely compatible with all of the materials, and many of them are quite powerful, any preference to the materials?" "Can all of them be used?" Talon asked. Ollivander looked at Talon with a serious expression, "My boy, using all these in a single wand is possible, and I would say absolutely not for anyone that didn't get such a strong reaction from all the parts, but such a wand would be dangerous," Ollivander explained, then his eyes lit up. "Yes that is exactly what kind of wand I'll make, powerful enough, and meaning enough to you that it should bond without any problems, although I must warn you not to let anyone else try and use it. It would probably suck the magic out of anyone else considering how specialized it will be. After giving the man the advance payment of fifty galleons, with another hundred to be paid at the completion of the wand, the duo left to find the rest of the group in the fading evening sun. They ran into a pompous blond man and after apologizing about running into him, then introductions, they left him speechless at the boys escort. In the bookstore Carla had finished paying for a large stack of books. Not only did she get the assigned books, but she also bought books on theory, and supplemental books on potions, hexes, and other spells. Silvera was found emerging from her shopping spree down the side ally with a bunch of potentially useful and/or cursed stuff from a nicknack store that had a bunch of stuff. That she had blood splatters on her from someone calling himself Fenrir Greyback was polity ignored by the rest of the group. Eboni had gotten not only the assigned supplies, but some spares as well. She had also grabbed a few premade healing potions for home. Ice had found a place that sold bags with feather light, and expanding charms, almost like bags of holding, and purchased a few. She then remembered that a trunk was needed and grabbed one with similar enchantments, a shrinking charm on it that reduced it to the size of a necklace pendent it even had a hook so that when shrunk it could go on a chain, and three compartments, nodding at her handiwork she grabbed everything and brought it to the meeting place. After Sierra made sure everybody was accounted for she cast the spell to send them homeward. Chapter 1 End