burrowing into him a little more, feeling more at peace in that moment than she'd done since before the war. "I do have one question though," Harry admitted a short while later as they each sipped their tea and simply held one another. "Mmmm?" Hermione asked. "What are you going to do about their parents?" Harry asked. "I mean, depending on how many of these kids there are, and who their parents are, there's a good chance a few of them have living parents in Azkaban. Some of them might even be up for parole, sometime in the future. How are you going to handle raising the sons and daughters of people like Dolohov or Greyback or Lestrange?" "I don't know, Harry," Hermione sighed. "I… I hardly think any of them would appreciate knowing that I'm raising their children. But I also don't like the idea of letting them rot out their remainder of their lives in prison while some poor child grows up fatherless. I think… I think I'd probably go and confront them about it. Rub it in a little that a muggleborn is raising their child or children. Make them feel guilty enough that if they're ever paroled, they might be interested in ensuring the children they sired grow up well." "You'd willingly interact with them again?" Harry asked, surprised. "You're braver than me, Hermione. I don't even want to see any of those idiots again." "I don't want to see them again," Hermione replied. "But I have a feeling the Ministry might ask it as a term of the foster-care contract. Most don't, of course, but you never know, with our Ministry." "Still. Are you really sure you want to have to face them again. Imagine having to stand in front of Dolohov and talk to him about his kid. He almost killed you. He murdered Remus! Or worse, Greyback. That twisted bastard would likely try to take a bite out of you again if you went anywhere near him." "I don't think they'd actually let me in the same room or be close enough to touch, Harry. I might have to speak with them, but I doubt I'd have to worry about being attacked," Hermione assured him. "Well, I'm here to help with whatever you need, love. Just… promise me that you're not doing this out of some form of survivor's guilt or as a way to hide from your problems." "Of course I'm doing it to hide from my problems, Harry. I robbed my own parents of the knowledge that I'm their daughter and nothing I tried, fixed it. I feel terrible over it, all the time, and the idea that there are kids out there without parents – feeling this sense of disconnection that I feel, knowing they have parents somewhere , just not here – makes me ache inside. I can't have my own parents back, I know that, but I can be a parent to these kids who need someone." "If you want to do it just to be a mother, surely it would make more sense to give birth to your own biological child?" Harry suggested. "And who would sire such a child, Harry? You?" Hermione asked. "I'm not about to ask one of the Weasleys, and Viktor is happily married. The only other person I'd ever have entertained thoughts of motherhood with is dead." Harry frowned at her. "Who?" he asked. Hermione blushed, burrowing her face into his chest a little more before mumbling the answer. "I didn't catch that," Harry said when she purposely made the name unintelligible. Hermione sighed. "Remus, Harry. Don't laugh at me. Yes, for a bit, before he and Tonks got together, I had a thing for Remus." Harry seemed surprised. He pulled back to stare into her face for a long moment. "But he was so much older than us," he said. "He went to school with my Dad. He was twenty years older than you, Hermione." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Age is just a number, Harry. Remus and I clicked well. Both bookish. Both led into trouble by meddlesome Potters. We had a lot in common and I loved having intellectual debates with him. I never cared that he was twice my age. And it doesn't matter anyway because he married a wonderful witch and they both sacrificed their lives for our freedom. The point I was making is that unless you're offering your sperm-donor services, I don't exactly have prospects for motherhood biologically." "I… If you want a kid, Hermione…." Harry began and Hermione jerked up, blinking at him. "What? Seriously?" she asked, raising her eyebrows at him. "You'd throw away your friendship with Ron and Ginny, and any future you might find with some pretty witch on the French International team, just because I have a ticking biological clock? Really?" Harry stared back at her just as seriously. "I'd do anything for you, Hermione," he said quietly. "If that was what you wanted, I'd do it." Hermione's mind reeled in shock at his proclamation. She'd known he cared about her and that he'd help her with anything she asked about, but she hadn't expected this. "I…" Hermione frowned. "Of course that hinges on the idea that the first time we shagged was skill and compatibility based, rather than an emotional outlet" Harry said when she trailed off. "It might be a bit awkward trying to make a baby if the sex is rubbish." Hermione could help the squeak of laughter that escaped her. "I love you, you idiot," she told him affectionately. "And I'm not letting you throw away your future that way. Besides, there are children already in existence who need parents. It would be selfish to make new children when there are some who already need me. But if we both hit thirty and are unattached, or childless, I will take you up on that offer." Harry grinned and held out his hand for her to shake. "Deal."