eyes were anything to go by. His cheeks were sunken and she could see his arm slightly shaking. He had let go of Stone's throat and was grabbing the clothing on his neck now. Old Professor Snape would have picked him up by the scruff and thrown him out with one hand but this Professor Snape? She wasn't so sure. He looked like so many of the patients she'd seen in the past year, except he looked worse. And out of all of them he probably needed the help more. Her hand came up to her mouth to try and control the rush of sadness that had overcome her but her rational and professional side acted first. Not before Snape had though. He still had his speed she'd give him that. He threw Stone on the floor with a swift push of his shaking hand and whipped round, lightly pushing past Hermione. She reacted and turned instantly and thought she might have caught the end of a quick glance in her direction, but his hair hid his features and his eyes. And with that he had gone. Hermione tried in vain to copy his movements and left as quickly as she could. She had no desire to stay in that place for another moment. Thankful for some fresh air Hermione eyed the streets to see if she could see the tail of Snape, but part of her accepted as soon as he'd brushed past her that that was it. She took a deep breath and felt Jules' arm around her waist again who was guiding her down the street. "Are you ok?" Hermione sighed and put her arm around her friend in return giving her a squeeze. "I think so. So many things happened at once in there." "I can't leave you anywhere can i?" Jules joked, nudging her shoulder with Hermione's. Hermione snorted expressing her contempt but she had to quietly agree. Jules stopped and turned to face taking Hermione's arms. "We can sod this party off if you want sugar?" Hermione shook her head and took her friends hands, "No, we're here now aren't we? I'm ok." "If you're sure? They're a good bunch. We'll stay for a couple of hours then we'll go, yeah? Just let me know if you wanna go." Their destination wasn't too far away. They walked in silence without any disturbance along rows of old attached Victorian houses. Her friend kept an arm wrapped around her for assurance. Hermione let her mind clear and found herself peering in every window that was amiss a curtain, briefly taking a look into other peoples lives. Looking for Snape.. It seemed most of them were engrossed in Friday night tele. They arrived at the party. Andrew (or Drew as he insisted they call him) welcomed them both with open arms. He was a musician born and raised in Manchester, in that very house he'd said. It wasn't a particularly busy party but there were a lot of other musicians there dotted around the front room, singing and strumming guitars, beating a cajon and stomping their feet. There were 3 people lounging on the stairs and a group of around 6 in the kitchen talking politics, which is where Jules and Hermione found themselves. Jules got stuck in and carried the conversation but Hermione's heart wasn't really in it. She hadn't touched the bottle of beer she was handed and found herself making an effort not to catch the eye of a guy who had not stopped smiling at her since she'd got there. Andrew had entered the kitchen with a bottle of whiskey insisting they all did shots so Hermione took the opportunity of distraction and snuck out the side door out into the narrow garden. Hermione was pleased to find she was the only one out there, quietly thankful for the temperature outside and made her way to the end of the garden to a bench that was hidden behind a glass house. Not that there was much glass left in it and the bench itself only had a couple of its wooden slats. She placed her beer bottle on the floor and took in a deep breath, setting herself a warming charm. She shifted her Occlumency she had been using and welcomed back some of her emotions, which were all about Professor Snape. Part of her couldn't believe it had happened. How her and Jules could come to some arse end corner of Manchester, get her drink spiked and have Professor Snape, who she hadn't seen nor heard of since the war ended, save her from what would certainly have been a pretty awful sort of evening had she drank it. She shook her head and ran her hands over her hair bringing forth her memories of him leaning over Stone looking so fragile. It annoyed her that he probably looked like a drunken regular looking for a fight to anyone else because he was certainly much more than that. He would probably berate her for being such a Gryffindor if he knew that train of thought, and she smiled to herself. "Bloody hell!" The sparking of a lighter behind her made her jump and she spun around instinct for some reason making her grab the beer bottle off the floor and holding it above her head. It was no surprise then that the face being lit up by a cigarette was that of Professor Snape, who was sporting an expression of derision and disbelief, signature eyebrow raised. The glow slowly faded as he blew out to the air above him, the smoke slithering away into the night sky. Hermione lowered her hand, deciding to sip whatever was left of her beer, the rest of it emptied out somewhere in front of her. Not a drop left, she shrugged and wandlessly vanished the bottle and brushed herself down nervously clearing her throat. "First my local and now," he drawled breaking the silence, "my garden."