the gloom, and the wand upon the pillow behind the glass was nearly hidden by gloom. As Alex raised a fist to knock upon the door, light sprang into the lamp upon the desk. A lock could be heard withdrawing, and the boy entered a dimly lit shop with shelves stretching to the ceiling, spirals of dust fluttering lazily to the wooden floor. It was sparsely furnished. Aside from the desk at the window and the many ledges of narrow boxes, there was one swivel chair, though the plainness could not conceal the feel of magic. It crawled down his spine as if he had become home to a swarm of ants, digging painfully into him. ''An eager customer, I must say.'' The old man hobbled out of the shadows at the back, the many wrinkled in his gaunt face highlighted by the candlelight, and hollows deep in his cheeks. ''How may I help you?'' ''I need a wand.'' ''Of course.'' The man waved his and a tape measure hopped off the shelf behind the desk, while Alex gathered the courage to make his confession. ''Hold out your wand arm.'' ''The problem is, I am a squib.'' ''Ah.'' The man seemed mildly surprised, and the tape measure fell down onto the oak. ''I am sorry to tell you that magic cannot be learned by those without the talent. It is impossible. Simply owning a wand does not make one a wizard.'' ''I know.'' He lowered his eyes, his heart heavy. ''But if I cannot do a spell, my father might kill me. I have to find a way.'' ''Hmm.'' The man looked at him without expression, his silver eyes reflecting the red light as the candle hissed in the glass, and his lips pursed. ''A difficult situation, I imagine. But can you be sure you have no magic? '' ''Quite sure.'' ''All the same, you might as well try.'' The man took down some boxes, and Alex wondered if he was bored, or had simply got into a routine. ''Ash and unicorn hair, thirteen inches.'' It was hopeless. But Alex took the wand, humouring the man. Nothing happened. ''Oh, well.'' Ollivander did not give up, but continued to search through the pile of boxes on the desk, his bushy brows frowning and cracked lips pursed as he worked. ''Rowan and unicorn hair, fourteen inches.'' Alex gasped as he took it, for sparks shot out the end, red lights scorching the ceiling. Was it a fluke? ''I will sell you the wand.'' Said Olivander, taking the wand and putting it into the box. ''But if you need to do spells quickly-a foolish demand, I must say-I would recommend a fake wand from Mr Weasley. It is disastrous when their wands and mine get confused. Only yesterday I had a flock of geese running around the shop.'' ''Thank you.'' Hope touched his heart, bathing his chest like a warm bath. Alex paid him the coins and headed towards the most striking store on the street, a window twinkling with flashing gadgets whirring and screeching upon the shelves, and bright yellow letters on the left. Mocking Voldemort? Alex was dimly impressed as he hurried through the low mist and knocked upon the door, which swung open, revealing a large room of high shelves and many smaller bins and tables across the floor. There was little that was not garishly bright, the letters large upon the boxes and bags, bewildering to eyes unaccustomed to such brightness. He scanned the walls for wands. There was a large pile in the bin to the left, nearby the large counter with the ledger. ''How can I help you at this early hour?'' ''I need a wand that can pass for a real one.'' He looked at the heavily freckled wizard with short red hair and pale blue eyes, as he came from the curtained archway behind the counter. ''One that can perform real spells.'' He raised an eyebrow, but nodded, leading him to a shelf beside the door. ''This one will shoot up to three bolts of lightning when shaken like this.'' He demonstrated with his own wand,and Alex watched carefully. ''And like this, it will make water. Hold it like this, and you will make a beam of light, up to four times.'' ''And I can use it, though I have little or no magic of my own?'' ''A squib, eh?'' He grinned, leading him over to the counter and lighting the lamp upon it, and Alex pulled the pouch out of his pockets. ''I hope you don't mean to sneak off to Hogwarts.'' Alex examined him closely. Even in his sheltered life within the manor, he had heard Marcus curse the Weasleys, who were in the views of many a stain upon the pride of wizards. There was even supposed to be a squib in the family,if the rumours were true. Yet they had never admitted as much, nor married muggles, and he often wondered if they really were as tolerant as they were believed to be. Maybe he was prejudice. For so long he had assumed he had no magic, he had come to dislike the power. ''I have no choice.'' He touched the mark upon his hand before handing over the money, angry at being mocked but keeping control. ''Anywhere but Hogwarts, I will be found.'' ''Well, good luck.'' It should be a simple matter to get the books and cauldron and telescope, he hoped as he walked out once more into a street paved with fog, billowing around his knees. He headed to the cauldron shop first, for it was nearest, just across the street. The wind picked up as he hurried over the curb, piercing his shirt before making his pale skin numb, and his blue eyes were scalded by boiling tears. But as he knocked upon the door, he knew his troubles were only beginning. I made up the cursed tattoo . Hope the story is not too boring .