shits deserve our sacrifice? Forgive me, Professor but I didn't go to war for our freedom only to be told I'm to sacrifice my happiness for those disrespectful little brats." The sentiment was echoed around the hall and Hermione held her breath, waiting for another uproar. "Unfortunately, Mr Longbottom, none of you have a choice. The Ministry have made it a law. And those who break the law face the consequences. In this instance that consequence is to spend an uncapped amount of time in Azkaban until you follow the law. Violent and otherwise ill-tempered response to the law will result in imprisonment. Continued revolt will see the guilty parties forced to give up their magic. If you do not agree to cooperate on this, you will be forcibly removed from the magical community and deposited, sans you magic, in the muggle world where you will be left to fend for yourselves." Hermione sat in stunned disbelief, her eyes wide as she stared across the table at Harry. Harry stared back at her, looking equally disturbed. "Professor?" Hermione asked cautiously as everyone began to mutter and more people throughout the hall began to cry. The shouting – indeed the fury – seemed to go out of everyone's sails at the punishment should they refuse the law. "Yes, Miss Granger?" Professor McGonagall asked, giving her a tight smile. "What, precisely, does this law entail? We're to be sorted into supposedly agreeable couples and to be wed as soon as the youngest member of each pairing completes their education. But then what? I assume a law based on needing to replenish the population comes with a reproduction clause?" Hermione asked, her voice carrying over the hall as her gaze scanned the faces of her classmates. She could feel their mounting horror as she spoke, her mind always five steps ahead and focusing on things they'd yet to even consider. "Indeed it does, Miss Granger," McGonagall sighed again, "The Ministry has decreed that each pairing will be required to begin trying for children immediately after the wedding of each. Those who have already left the realm of education behind are expected to be wed within one year of their match being decreed. Each couple is expected to produce a minimum of four children." "Four?" Harry asked, raising his eyebrows and clearly wondering why that number had been selected. "Four allows each couple to replace and double themselves within the next generation," McGonagall informed him tightly while even more people began to cry now. Most of the girls in the hall were crying over the notion of being teenage mothers within the next year or two. "Erm, Professor?" a shy girl from the Hufflepuff table named Stacey Wiggins stood up, "What happens in instances where a person within the age-bracket is um… homosexual?" "Anyone within the age-bracket who prefers the same sex will also be Sorted by the Sorting Hat and paired with anyone else of homosexual inclination. Those among you that do prefer the same sex will still be expected to marry someone of your sexual preference," McGonagall said. "But Professor, how will…?" the girl trailed off, clearly blushing over the concern of how same-sex couples might reproduce and thus contribute to the law. "Due to the unfortunate circumstances of the war, Miss Wiggins, a number of magical children are currently orphaned and even more are being given up by mothers who were sexually assaulted," Professor McGonagall informed them all tightly, causing more people to gasp, "These children need loving homes and families. Same-sex couples are to adopt from within the growing number of children currently in the care of the Ministry after being abandoned. With the aid of some muggle science, pregnancy is still achievable amongst same-sex pairings for those of you wishing to conceive children of your own. In those instances male same-sex partners wishing to participate in procreating will meet with female same-sex partners willing to conceive and birth children and go from there." More crying ensued over that notion and Stacey retook her seat, her cheeks burning red. Hermione supposed that Stacey might prefer women to men and hadn't intended to so publicly announce her preference but didn't want to let her questions go unanswered. "Several clauses of this law call for the cooperation of each pairing once the couples are all determined," Professor McGonagall went on, "Which include daily interaction and a number of classes and activities that you will be advised of later. For the time being the Ministry has requested of me that all of the boys currently in the room be scrutinized by the Sorting Hat before I can let all of you go to bed this evening. Keep in mind that you will only be required to come up here and sit on the stool with the hat on for a few minutes. The hat will examine each of you and store the information. In the coming days everyone else of wizarding Britain will be coming to the castle to be similarly sorted. As such we will be accommodating many new guests as of tomorrow." "You want to sort us all right now?" Harry exclaimed. "Just the boys, Potter," McGonagall told him, "Once all the boys are out of the way, the girls will take a turn and the hat will call out regarding the name of whichever boy or girl is best suited to and most compatible with that girl." "This is a nightmare," Ginny informed Hermione seriously, "Not only do we get forced into a marriage, but I've got to sit up there and let that manky old thing tell me who I belong with? What if it does something awful like tries to put me with McMillan or someone? And in front of everyone. This whole lot and everyone else under twenty-five, all of them staring at me while the hat declares me fate? I think I'd rather off myself!" Hermione nodded her agreement, unable to believe this was actually happening.