"I've never seen you here before." "Just who the fuck are you?" All three - Remus, James and Sirius spoke at the same time. Their accusations was too much for Hermione's already frayed heart and she burst out crying. The three marauders looked befuddled before awkwardly apologising. Harry and Hermione told them the same story they had told Dumbledore once everything had calmed down. They were back again in the room of requirements. This time, of course a different room. After a few awkward moments filled with small talk and some more explanations, they parted. Harry and Hermione couldn't go back so they had to make a life in this time period. They didn't attend Hogwarts even though neither had the opportunity to finish their seventh year in their time. Time moved on. They both studied and applied for Newts and cleared it. They found jobs in Hogsmeade and bought a flat there. They met the marauders occasionally. After their initial bumpy meeting, they had begun to tolerate the two time travellers. Neither Harry, nor Hermione were close to the marauders. It was too painful to be near them. Surprisingly they became good friends with the younger Severus. Because Voldemort was no longer immortal, he was defeated by Dumbledore and Severus never had to become a spy. Lot of things changed and some remained the same. Hermione realised that it felt good to see Sirius but she also acknowledged with a pang, that he was not the same man she had come to love. He had not gone through all the pain and betrayal. He was not the man who needed her to drown his sorrows. He was not her Sirius. More importantly she realised that she was finally over him. It was never meant to last and while a part of her would always love him, she realised that she was falling for her best friend. She'd never realised how much she had grown to depend on Harry. They lived together and spend a lot of their time with each other. Slowly, Hermione had come to see him as a man. Oh she definitely remembered the time they had slept with each other. She had never regretted it but now there was another emotion attached to the memory. Hermione realised that she was blushing as she remembered it. She had slowly become more aware of Harry. She was sure he had noticed her strange reactions whenever he was too close or when he would look at her with the same intense expression he had that day. Hermione touched her chest. Her heart was beating rapidly. She blinked. It was as if someone had removed a filter. She could feel it now. Hermione Granger was quite possibly in love with Harry Potter! "Hermione! Where are you? I brought the thing you asked me to and merlin was it hard to find ... Hermione?" Harry dropped his bad and rushed to her side. She was standing in the middle of the room staring at her hand. Her cheeks were flushed and she was breathing fast. "Hermione, are you alright?" Harry asked worriedly as he grabbed her arms gently. Hermione eeped as Harry's face came closer. She blushed as she stared into his eyes. She couldn't help it. She closed her eyes and bit her lips. "Hermione ..." Harry's voice had a slightly odd quality. She opened her eyes to look at him. He was staring at her with a look she hadn't seen before. Slowly, almost in slow motion, he brought his face closer until their lips were mere centimetres apart. She stopped breathing as she felt his lips touch hers. She gasped as he kissed her. It was slow and gentle at first but when Hermione simply melted in his arms, Harry growled and suddenly hauled her close and kissed her bruisingly. Hermione shivered as she felt Harry kiss her thoroughly. He kissed her so deeply that Hermione swore she could feel it all the way down to her toes. "Harry! Wha-" Hermione moaned again as Harry sucked on her neck strongly. "I love you Hermione. I've loved you as a woman for so long." He groaned as he hugged her tightly. She could feel the tension in his arms. What, Harry loved her? Since when? "You have no idea, do you? I was waiting until you got over Sirius. I didn't want to push you for anything but it was so hard, love." Harry said huskily. "You're the one constant in my life and I don't know what I'd do without you." Hermione looked into Harry's eyes and realised how much she had made the man in front of her suffer. He had been so patient while she dealt with her loss and she couldn't love him more. She loved Harry. She loved him with all her might, all her being and she suddenly wanted him to know that, "I love you too Harry." Hermione said fiercely. "I love you, I love you so much." She held him close and whispered in his ears. She could feel him shudder in her arms and clutched him tighter. This was it. She could feel it. It was another start for them. From now on, their lives would change and Hermione could hope for noting more. She couldn't wait to spend this lifetime and a thousand more with the man in her arms. A/N - This is it. Hope it wasn't rushed. Let me know your thoughts. :) A/N (Edited) - I know it's slightly rushed and at times doesn't explain a few things properly but I still wanted to share this here as a one-shot. It probably would have worked bettie as a proper story with a few more chapters so that I could have gone into more details but right now, I barely have time to update TSL. So, for the time being, this will remain as a one-shot. Thank you all so much for reading, favouriting and reviewing it.