let them know at dinner. The day passed only with minor bickering and sniffling and Percy had only hugged crying, snot-covered, normal-colored versions of Ron and Ginny twice each by the end of it – which was higher than average, but lower than expected recently. He had taken another recipe from the wooden box- as innocent a recipe as he could find. He almost shuddered to think of what might happen if he tried to bake shepherd's pie. There were recipes from every country on earth- or at least, any Percy had heard of, and a few he hadn't. He settled on a vegetable stir fry that didn't appear to have been won in combat or hard to make. Checking each pan before he selected one and avoiding the other instruments with writing on them was tedious but necessary to ensure any stray thoughts he had weren't incorporated into the meal; he didn't want anything more dangerous than color-changing to occur. For his efforts, he was rewarded with a relatively normal-looking meal that he hit with a diagnosis charm, just in case. There was a slight tinge of blue, but nothing like the deluge of light from that morning; it was probably residual from the kitchen itself. The twins were setting the table, and soon everyone was in attendance and picking at the vegetables. "Vegetables," Ron muttered, "The main course is vegetables." "We did have meat at lunch," Percy reminded him and Ron groaned. "Aren't you forgetting something, Percy?" Fred leaned around George to say, sweetly, and George, cottoning on to the tone, echoed his question. "No," Percy lied blatantly, prompting a frown from Ginny. Part of him didn't want them to know because they could make the same connections he had, see that perhaps she had neglected her own protection for theirs and their fathers, and part of him had been… mulling over the idea of what Mum would want him to do. She'd set all this up, clearly practiced it religiously, and kept it all secret. Wouldn't she want it to stay that way? She must have had a reason, even if part of him were still seething irrationally over the blind spot for herself in her plans. A hesitant voice broke him out of his musing. "Percy, you were-," Ginny bit her lip, and continued, determined, "You scared me." Not words he'd ever wanted to hear; Percy felt a little sick as she looked at him steadily, "What happened?" Yeah, screw it; he'd tell the truth and deal with the fallout as it came. Maybe he was letting his anger guide him, maybe it was the guilt that he'd made Ginny, and maybe Fred, too, from the way he was looking, feel… that way. In the end, his motivations didn't matter, as they pointed to the same action. Slowly, he explained what he'd learned about the real reason behind his mother's diligent guarding of the kitchen as her domain alone, and then the reasoning of his own realizations and suppositions as they had come about. Except that… last one. "Mum was a hedge witch?" George croaked, and exchanged an incredulous glance with his twin, "Only squibs and weaklings work hedge magic!" "And Mum," Percy ran a hand through his hair agitatedly, "It's the truth. There's etchings all over the kitchen." "You weren't just freaking out about Mum being a hedge witch," Fred interjected, putting down his utensils and crossing his arms, seeming to gain back more and more determination the longer he had something to ferret out. "That's… personal," Percy decided carefully, knowing that going that far, to share his suspicions about their father's survival and their mother's death would only screw over any progress that had been made so far. It had for him. "…What," George said flatly along with Fred. "Mind your business and eat," he sniffed in response, and the table erupted in protest. "If you learned something about Mum and you're not telling us, that's not right," George exclaimed. "We have a right to know," Fred agreed. "Are you serious?" Ron was asking, at the same time, looking incredulously at Percy. Obviously Ginny had been telling tales. Ginny's response was lost under her brothers', but Percy waited for a break in the sound to say, "I've told all I know about Mum." Which was the truth since all he had was his own suspicions and his father's survival. Hardly factual evidence, "Am I not allowed to keep my own feelings to myself?" "What feelings?" George muttered, sending a little stab of hurt into Percy's chest that was quickly covered by irritation. "This conversation is over," he said, standing and picking up his plate in the same motion, "And the next person to pester me about it gets to help me wash the dishes muggle style tomorrow morning. I'm going to bed." "Percy, you-" Ginny faltered at the look her older brother sent her, trailing off as he left, "He didn't eat." "Yeah, well," George's voice was heat and hurt, "The prat can probably sustain himself on his own reflection." When an awkward silence met him, the words lingered in the air, seeming unfinished and George's tone edged into something more defensive, "You all know it's true! He's hiding something and he's always so convinced he's right that he won't listen to a word we say unless it's to kiss his arse!" "Language," came the tight admonition from the hall before Percy's footsteps stomped up the stairs and a door slammed shut. An angry, mottled flush overtook George's face and he put down his fork. "And he eavesdrops," he concluded, the anger once again caged in more subdued language, but just as present as before, "I'm not hungry, either. Good night." My siblings are a joy and a blessing, Percy told himself as he glared at the ceiling that night, a joy and a blessing. -x- . . Don't forget to review, critique, or question! Anonymous reviews welcome, but no reply can be made.