to use magic to do it! I'm only sitting NEWTs so that I can qualify for the highest level of Muggle equivalency papers." She fixes the whole table with a glare. "The only thing I'm going to miss about the Wizarding World is the fact that all of my relatives are part of it, and maybe Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlour, but, honestly? Muggle ice cream is pretty bloody good!" With that, she turns around and heads up to the room she's sharing with Lucy. x Within fifteen minutes, all the cousins, including Teddy, are crowded in her room. She's sitting on her bed, leaning against her headboard, feet resting in Dominique's lap. From the ground, James shakes his head admiringly. "I didn't know you had it in you, Rox," he admits, but he's grinning brightly, so she knows he means it like a good thing. Lucy crawls off her bed, jumping nimbly over Teddy to do so, and climbs up next to Roxanne. "I did," she says proudly, nudging Roxanne with her shoulder as she grins. Roxanne stares at her. "Is that why you were so silent?" she asks. Molly snorts from Lucy's bed. "Of course," she says. "As if Lucy would ever manage to keep out of an argument if she didn't have an ulterior motive." Lucy sticks her tongue out at her sister, but she grins, shrugging at Roxanne. "Rude, but she has a point," Lucy admits. Roxanne stares at her cousin for a moment, then hugs her tightly. "That was awful!" she exclaims into her shoulder. "I didn't mean to tell anyone and then—then—" "Then you yelled it at Uncle Ron," Victoire says from somewhere on the floor. It sounds like she's smirking. "That was the best part," Rose protests. "He needs to be yelled at every so often. Keeps him in line," she says sagely. James snorts, throwing a pillow at her. "You're a punk," he says. She flings it back. "A punk who's right ," she insists. "And can kick your arse," she tacks on as an afterthought. The room is about to descend into the chaos of a no-holds-barred pillow fight when there's a knock on the door, effectively halting the battle before it even begins. "Can we come in?" Aunt Hermione asks. Everyone looks at Roxanne, who nods. "Yep!" Molly calls out irreverently as Albus shifts so the door can open. Aunt Hermione, Uncle Harry, Aunt Ginny and Uncle Ron all enter with Roxanne's parents, though they don't make it too far from the door, thanks to the crush of bodies in the room. James, if possible, splays out even more, but the rest of the floor-dwellers shift to make a path to Roxanne's bed. Roxanne's father is the first to speak. "I mean, I'd have rather heard about it before you shouted it at family dinner," he begins, but he's grinning, and he winks at his daughter, coming up to sit beside her. Dominique shifts so that there's space for his legs but he shakes his head, inclining towards his wife, who sits in the free space instead. "I think it's a great idea, kiddo," he says, kissing Roxanne's forehead. "You can help me rig up more exciting Muggle items for the store too." Roxanne rolls her eyes, but hiccoughs too. She's a bit surprised about how emotional she feels, but given all her doubts about how her family would react, it's a little overwhelming for everyone to be so nice . At least now that they all know where she's at, anyway. It hadn't been quite so fun before she'd yelled at them. Her mother squeezes her hand. "We'd be proud of you no matter what," she promises. "As long as you're happy and you're trying, there's nothing more we could ask for." "Sorry about the interrogation downstairs," Uncle Ron apologises abashedly. "I didn't mean to insult what you wanted to do," he explains. Roxanne nods, and he smiles briefly, nodding back before slipping out the room. "There are like fifty people in there," Roxanne can hear him saying as he descends the stairs, and she chokes on a giggle. "He really didn't mean to insult it," Aunt Hermione adds, rolling her eyes after her husband. "He's just inconsiderate at times." "I already told her it was good she yelled at him," Rose pipes up. Aunt Ginny laughs. "She's not wrong," she says wryly, addressing it to Roxanne. "I grew up with six older brothers—sometimes it's good for them to be yelled at," she adds with a wink, before leaving as well. Uncle Harry and Aunt Hermione move closer, before stopping where James is splayed out. "Move, Jamie," Uncle Harry says, gently nudging him with his foot. "We want to talk to Rox and her parents about the paperwork and systems—all that technical stuff." "Molly's putting out the dessert," Aunt Hermione adds. "You should all go get some—preferably to eat downstairs, instead of making a mess of crumbs in poor Roxanne's room." "Eating in the bedrooms always brings the ghoul down," Louis says in disgust. "Don't worry, we'll eat downstairs." Lucy's the last to leave, and she hugs Roxanne again. "I knew you could do it," she whispers. Roxanne feels warm inside, because Lucy's right. Roxanne found something inside herself she didn't know existed, and she finally told them all what she wanted. "What a lovely influx of oxygen," Aunt Hermione says dryly, breathing deeply. Uncle Harry grins. "That was still less crowded than trying to fit three of us under the cloak for seven years," he says. Aunt Hermione looks unconvinced, but nudges him fondly, before turning to face Roxanne, sitting herself down in the space that Lucy just vacated, Uncle Harry claiming Dominique's old spot. "Now," Aunt Hermione says. "About these papers…" Roxanne sits and listens intently, smiling as her parents ask questions, chiming in occasionally with some of her own, all the time thinking about how bright the rest of her life feels like it's going to be.