dragons, she might not be studying them abroad if Charlie weren't there. "I'll bet," Caroline laughed, "You would've been at school when we brought over the four breeders for the Triwzard tournament too, right?" "I thought you looked familiar," Hermione snapped her fingers and pointed at the woman, "You were one of the others handling the dragons when Ron and Ginny couldn't contain their excitement to see their big brother and we all snuck into the forest." "Pretty sure they just wanted to see the dragons," Charlie rolled his eyes. "Who doesn't always want to see dragons?" Hermione retorted, "But they were pretty stoked to see you too. Ginny went on for hours about your new tattoo and that scar." She nodded to his left bicep where a nasty burn marred the flesh. "That girl's always been too interested in danger for her own good," Charlie chuckled, "Ron would've crowed for hours about the dragons." "He wouldn't shut up about it. You should've heard him, listing the breeds over and over again. He was still put out with Harry then too, you remember? So he was really worried about Harry having to face one of the beasts for the first task and agonising over how to tell him without forgiving him." "Pair of gits," Charlie rolled his eyes. "Which was your favourite?" Caroline wanted to know, drawing Hermione's attention again. "Of the four for the tournament?" Hermione asked. Caroline nodded. "I'll give you three guesses," Hermione chuckled. "The Horntail?" Jason guessed immediately, "Everyone loves the Horntails because they're so cranky." Hermione shook her head. "No, Harry faced the Horntail and to be honest, when she got loose and went after him, I kind of wished death on her for trying to eat my best friend. She was beautiful, of course, but she wasn't my favourite." "The Fireball?" Sid asked, "Girls always like the Chinese Fireballs." "Ah, now she was the right colour for my house affiliation at school. I loved how shiny and red her scales were," Hermione sighed, "But I was actually dating Viktor, the Durmstrang Champion who faced her in the first task at that point in time, so no. She was beautiful, but the Fireball wasn't my favourite." Caroline eyed her speculatively, "Two guesses left… I want to say the Welsh Green because you're British, but I don't think I'd be correct. Your favourite was the Swedish Short-Snout." Hermione grinned. "What gave me away?" she asked. "You're wearing blue," Caroline pointed out, "But you've got the look of a girl who doesn't pick dragons for their colour. You didn't pick the most exotic or most dangerous either. The Welsh Green – Artemis – is beautiful, but not as pretty as Delilah." "Delilah?" Hermione asked. "She's Charlie's girl," Caroline nodded, "Best breeder on the entire sanctuary, Delilah is. We reckon Weasley feeds her something special to make her come into heat so often." Hermione turned towards Charlie, a smile on her lips. She'd known Charlie had been in charge of the Swedish Short-Snout during the tournament. It was one of the reasons she was so interested in him, actually. Hermione had watched the way the red-haired man before her had glowed like the sun when he looked upon the dragons in his care. "Why Delilah?" he asked her, and Hermione could tell from the way he was watching her that he was interested in her answer. That he wanted to know what it was about the Swedish Short-Snout that had appealed to her over the aesthetics of the other three dragons. Hermione felt her smile widen slowly. Her whole body felt like it was on fire as he fixed all of his intensity upon her, that smouldering fire of his personality stoked to hungry flames as they discussed his favourite topic in the world. She couldn't tell him she'd liked his dragon best because of him. Closing her eyes, Hermione pictured the Swedish Short-Snout again in her mind. "The eyes," she admitted quietly, opening her own eyes again slowly as she found the trait she'd best liked about the beast, "Most reptiles have cold eyes, but hers are like jewels. Even when she was so angry and trying to protect her nest, they glowed like sapphires. I could practically see the fire dancing in her eyes even before she opened her mouth and let out that blue stream of flame. It was like looking into the bluest sky or the deepest ocean and… seeing so much fire and so much life sparkling back. Like when you look at that blue right at the heart of a flame… they were just… mesmerizing." As she lifted her gaze once more, glancing around the group at their sudden silence, Hermione found them all staring at her with knowing smiles on their faces. "Hell, girl," Caroline chuckled, "You'll fit right in around these parts when you sweet-talk like that." "To Hermione," Jason toasted, lifting his glass, "The only girl I've ever heard who can profess love for a dragon's gaze with as much fervour as Charlie Weasley." Hermione raised her eyebrows, jostling slightly as Charlie shifted a bit to reach forward and toast with his friends. "To Hermione," he agreed, his voice low and husky in her ears and making her thighs clench together subconsciously with desire. She turned her gaze to him carefully and Hermione was sure that her yearning for him must be written all over her face. He looked at her like he'd just found something precious and pure. Something rare. Charlie looked at her right then as though she was some previously undiscovered breed of dragon he'd just run across and he couldn't wait to learn everything about her. He looked like he wanted to run his hands over her body, learning her dimensions, feeling her heat, stirring up the fire in her blood and in her heart. He looked at her like he wanted to taste her fire. And Hermione was only too willing to let him.