the only times he truly cried was because of Lily Evans. And now, here he was, crying for Lily Evans' child. Bloom Lily Potter had been killed by Bellatrix… Sweet little Bloom; the only flower in his life after her mother, was taken from his life once again. He was ready to kill Bellatrix, he knew he had no chance in defeating Lily's killer but Bellatrix, yes; he had a chance with her. He could take her, he knew he could. He looked around his office – or what was left of it, for her had destroyed it all. He threw the bottle of mead into the fire, it exploded but he didn't care. It felt like he had died again, for ten years he had felt dead, never feeling alive, that is until Harry Potter entered his life, his eyes – Lily's eyes – gave him life again. It was like Lily was looking at him, but those eyes were filled with hatred towards him. Yes, it was his fault, but he had wanted to his that spark in those eyes once more. He remembered the first meeting he had with Harry Potter; it was just after the Headmaster placed the small bundle on Petunia's doorstep. He didn't know why he had gone to see him. The Headmasters words echoed through his head. He has her eyes; he had needed to see them for himself. He didn't know of the youngest Potter exist; for she had been well hidden from the world. What a surprise it was to see not one but two children. A small toddler that looked just Potter, expect for the scar on his forehead. His fingers gently touched his forehead, not daring to touch the scar, this was the last gift Lily had given her son; life. The baby was really a newborn, barely a few months. Curly red-hair on the top of her head, her pale chubby cheeks had a hint of pink. He wondered what color were her eyes. He kneed down beside them and watched them, he made sure they were warm and unharmed; he knew the Headmaster would've checked but he had to see it for himself. A little noise brought him out of his mind; he looked down to see the baby girl opening her eyes – her eyes didn't have their true color yet, she had the dark blue all babies had. But her stare was that of wonder, she stared at him with those large eyes. She giggled at him as her arms moved up and down, hitting her blanket. Without meaning too, he placed his finger in her hand. She held it as tightly as a baby could; she stared at their joined hands then at him. She yawned cute-like causing him to smile for the first time. She seemed to want to stay awake, he watched her until she fell into deep sleep. He stayed there until early morning, protecting the last link he had to Lily Evans. He hid in the shadows when he heard movement in the house. He whined when he heard Petunia scream. At least for now, they would be safe. He looked through the window, just to make sure the children where inside, his breath was cut short when his eyes met Lily Evans' green eyes with Potter's face. He didn't know how or when, but he was in his mother's old house, gasping for breath. Now Bloom was gone, she was out of his life. One of the reasons he was still alive. "I'm so sorry Lily, I tried. I really did." All over the newspapers and news in the Wizarding World, they only talked about Bloom and Sirius death, that's all they talked about. How Voldemort was truly back, how the Potter Siblings and Dumbledore had been trying to warn them from the start, how Fudge didn't believe them and it ended with the recently released – not to mention innocent – convict Sirius Black and one of the most famous young witches in the world, Bloom Potter. The truth was out, Voldemort was back, Death Eaters were killing. And Bloom Potter was Wild Cat, the newcomer that sang with Matthew Greyback and Lady C. Several of her songs were already played around England. Lady C and Matthew Greyback were going to release their singles. For both had written a song for Bloom, Matthew Greyback's song was called New Classic, while Lady C's was called Girl on Fire. Maybe rumors spread around, some about Bloom and Matthew, others about Lady C and Bloom being friends and so many others. Harry and his friends weren't seen for many weeks. His friend eventually returned to school, but no one was allowed to ask them anything or they would be punished by Professor Snape, who seemed to be in a horrible mood. Harry on the other hand, didn't return to classes, he stayed in Remus' quarters. Any homework was bought to him by Dobby, the little elf only duty was to Harry and Remus. Harry worked like a zombie; his grades didn't slip thanks to Remus' help. He was sure Cedric had come to see him – as he was Headboy – he stayed with Harry when Remus had meetings, they never talked. Sometimes his days felt endless, others felt like seconds. But he didn't care… He just didn't care anymore. Warmth was what it felt like. But if you moved it would get colder and colder. Moving meant death, resting was the only option now. Holding onto the only material within reach, she curled into a ball and let herself rest. And she waited. She didn't know that her body was drifting through space. A golden aura around her, protecting her from death, she wasn't strong enough yet, but soon she would be. Please Review. This Tuesday i have my first meeting at my new school. I'm so scared and nervous i want to cry TT-TT Wish me Luck. Kisa Black