puberty. First, they grow up very slowly up to the point where they look a certain age. Usually they look halve their age then. In other words, I am ten right now, so I look I'm five. Then I will 'stay' this age until magical puberty kicks in at which point I'm ready for my education. The older I am when this happens, the stronger I am implied to be. Uncle admitted that he had known about my familiars for years but he couldn't ever show he could see them. Uncle explained that he himself was a level two wizard which was just a single step above being a squib. He explained that mastery over a single element wasn't unusual at all, but the fact I can have equal mastery over both air AND water is actually VERY unusual. Uncle explained that he had known about the situation about Ryoga and his friends and that he felt that it was the least he could do since they were teaching Harry what should have been family only techniques. Since I would adopt them into my family now it would make those actions 'okay' but only by a technicality. Uncle did say that it was possible that Dudley wouldn't be getting an invitation despite having a bronze familiar which is classified as a level four wizard. Well, if Dudley doesn't get an invitation then I won't be going. No ifs, buts, or maybe's about it. I won't. More importantly though, I am supposed to leave Sherlock and Watson to their own devices? Leave them to AUNTY so she can mess them up? FUCK. THAT. 24-12-1990 I have terrible news. Uncle died in a car crash. Drunk. A week after he told me when he wasn't supposed to (yet) so I can't possibly be the only one to find this suspicious. Coincidence? No. I don't think so. I don't believe in coincidences. Nobody expected this to happen. Neither Dudley or I am even close to ready to take over from uncle. Nobody will take a ten year old seriously. So what would they think about ME? This is terrible, just terrible and aunty has been having this smug look on her face whenever she thinks nobody is looking. X End X Now comes the boring stuff. The after chapter notes. Read or don't. it's mostly a review about important things. I give you a chapter of roughly FOURTEEN thousand words and about seventeen pages in my Microsoft word editor. I wasn't happy with the original version I had posted, mostly because I wrote it in bits and pieces and my train of thought was all over the place. The result that I disagreed with myself I said something early in the chapter and either I ignored it or said something different later in the chapter. Well, you get the idea. So I had to edit the whole thing in one go, give it another read, do another round of editing and keep repeating that until I was only doing some minor revision based on grammar and or spelling. Anyway, the result of THAT is what you have read. Now, the journal idea was SUPPOSED to be short and to the point. Short entries that introduced the differences in my AU but… I found myself having to answer questions that would be hard to do in dialogue. Anyway, I still got a LOT of stuff written, about another fourteen pages but I'm going to scrap all of it because it's too awkward and because most of it was written shortly after the original version of the journal. That means that most of it is worthless and the rest…Well, I find it too awkward to write scenes that are illegal in the real world. Very illegal in the real world. Anyway, if you find any mistakes, please let me know so I can fix them immediately. Servants / slaves of Harry & Dudley: James Bond (M) & Morgan le fay (F) Harry. Robin Hood (M) & Simon Hood (F) Dudley. X 31-07-1987 birth of Watson & Sherlock Dursley 31-07-1990 Watson and Sherlock age 3 31-12-1990 Watson and Sherlock are 3 and five months. No familiar (level zero) (No colour) (muggle) No magic in their blood. Cannot craft potions, cannot wield magical items, does not have any natural protection against even the weakest of compulsions. Sapphire familiar (level one) (Blue Colour) Has magical blood but not enough to wield any form of focus. Can craft potions or other magical items. Has minimal protection against compulsions. Tin familiar (level two) (Grey colour) Hedge witch or wizard. (w&w) (barely capable of wielding a wand or any focus.) Can cast spells that require next to no magic. Can craft potions. Can craft other magical items. Has 'normal' protection against compulsions. Copper familiar (level three) (Dark red colour) Normal w&w. More than capable of any wand or alternative focus. Can cast most spells even the ones that require more power if enough effort and practice is expended. Has normal protection against compulsions and minor hexes and curses. Bronze familiar (level four) (Dark brown colour) Above average magical power. Has natural talents in most magical branches assuming enough effort is made to succeed in them. Silver familiar (level five) (Silver colour) Strong magical power. Has natural talent in most magical branches but some effort is still required in order to succeed in them. Golden familiar (level six) (Yellow colour) ? Platinum familiar (level seven) (White colour) Ultra rare. Predicted to be the one worthy of the magical throne of the Empire. Kingdark: This story has so much potential but I just can't convince myself to continue my muse. I got a second chapter started but it only has about… six thousand words give or take. And a lot of that are notes and points to write style. So you could probably cut that in halve. Anyway, I hope that the size of this chapter makes up for it at least. Enjoy!