much dirtier name if it was up to them. The women they bought the property from used to run a tea shop out of it. She said the elf came with the property when she bought it herself but she would like to take it with her. If they paid more she would throw the elf in though. They agreed readily since apparently most pureblood family did not wish to part with their elves. "Thank you Missy." George addressed the elf. She curtsied then popped out of existence. "It was wearing a princess dress." Draco exclaimed in surprise. "It's free then?" "Yes well, when your youngest brother is dating Hermione Granger, you do what you can to keep your sanity." George shrugged as he remembered the nagging they had to go through. He poured them both some tea. "I think you're obligated to explain to me what happened to lead to that?" George asked pointing in the general direction of the Knockturn Alley. Draco took a deep breath and picked up the chipped tea cup for something to do with his hands. "I've been trying to find a job since the ministry took all our vaults. I was having no luck in Diagon Ally so I retreated to Knockturn where I thought I would have more luck. Since potions was my best subject I thought I was try to find a job at Slug and Jiggers apothecary but he slammed the door in my face." "Is that why Slugs was closed? I went to get some ingredients but I was out of luck." George commented out loud. "Yes that was my fault sorry." Draco fiddled with his fingers nervously. "I was wondering why you were there, in Knockturn Ally, it doesn't seem like a place you would frequent." He commented then took a sip of the tea. It wasn't that bad tasting at all, he thought it might be Green Tea. "There are some ingredients that you can't get in the run-a-mill potion shops in Diagon Alley. Continue." George nodded at him. "The man - Badrik- he owns The Sphinxes' Riddle." Draco tried to start explain what had been happening. He felt mortified. "I don't really want to explain further." George put down his tea and looked Malfoy over with new eyes. It wasn't unusual for The Sphinxes' Riddle to head hunt workers. They would find someone who was attractive and down on their luck and lure them in with riches. Malfoy diffidently fit the description. "So you're looking a job?" George asked out loud. It had clicked into place in his mind that he needed some help with the shop. Someone who would banter and bicker with him, who was proficient at enough at potions that they would be productive. "There is a position available here." George found himself proposing without a thought. "Are you offering me a job?" Draco blinked at him like he had never seen him before. After a month of having doors slammed in his face it seemed too good to be true. Especially since he never assumed to even asked. "Yes. I want to officially reopen the shop by the end of the month but I can't do it by myself." George explained the hard situation he'd found himself in. "You were the best at potions in your year weren't you?" George asked to confirm. "Yes. It was the only course I beat Granger in." Draco nodded in agreement. "Ron and his friends complained it was because Snape favored you." George commented thinking back. "Well Severus was the reason but not the way you think. He started teaching me about potions when I was five so it's not like I was doing awful work but he was passing me anyway." Draco explained his prowess in the subject. "What would Snape bother to come to your house and teach you as a young child? Did your father pay him to tutor you or something so that you could get ahead of the competition?" George asked curiously taking a sip of his tea. "He was my God father." Draco explained flatly. George choked on his tea at the information. "Your parents made Snape your godfather! The man didn't have a child nurturing bone in his body." "Teaching me potions is how he tried to connect with me." Draco shrugged. Severus may not have been the most loving man but he showed he cared for his god son in other ways. "I never suspected." George commented. "Yes well Severus tried to distance himself from me when we weren't behind closed doors. I think he was trying to make sure other students weren't favoring me. That didn't work very well." Draco smiled sadly when he thought of his deceased godfather. "So you've had the best training." George nodded. "Are you sure you want to hire me, with my reputation?" Draco asked insecure. "What will your family and Potter think?" He knew once they heard they would try and talk George out of his decision and Weasley would most likely come to his senses. "You won't be working out front but in the back room. No one has to know so it won't matter. I'm offering you a well-paid position. That's a far better deal you will get anywhere else." George pointed out. He actually really hoped Malfoy accepted so he could get out from under the back orders. Good potion masters were hard to come by. "I'll readily accept as long as you're sure." Draco jumped at the offer nodding enthusiastically. "You staying close by?" George asked since he swore he had read somewhere that Malfoy Manor had been sold. "I'm just staying in the Leaky Cauldron right now." Draco shrugged and looked into his tea. "I expect you back here tomorrow morning so we can get started." George held out a hand and it was readily shaken. The small smile on Malfoy's face with the black eye that was forming was a sight to see. … TBC