tennis ball-sized eyes. "A dream woke me up. Could you bring me a cup of tea, please? Or would you rather I came down to the kitchen and made it myself?" The house-elf looks appalled. "To the kitchen, miss? No, no, no. Penny will make your tea. You take milk, but no sugar?" Hermione nods, moved by the elf's infallible memory, and actually feels her eyes becoming teary. "Was it a bad dream, miss?" the elf asks. "Would you like Penny to make you chamomile tea? Penny's chamomile tea chases nightmares away." Hermione smiles warmly at the little elf. "No, Penny. It wasn't a nightmare, just a very vivid dream. I'd like a cup of tea and think about it, rather than going back to sleep and forget it." Penny is gone with a small crack. Hermione puts a few pieces of wood on the dying fire and ignites them with her wand. Then she sinks down in the couch and thinks about the dream. It pretty much replayed what happened two nights ago. It was the most overwhelming night of her life. She can still feel her stomach drop when she remembers the flight on Buckbeak. She doesn't like flying. Not on brooms, not even in airplanes with her parents in the muggle world. She did, however, feel a lot safer after Harry and she had rescued Sirius from the Dark Tower and she flew on Buckbeak's back with Sirius' hands around her waist. Though high above the ground she felt safe and grounded. When they landed with a clatter on the battlements Sirius asked for her wand. Without thinking she handed the worn piece of vine to him and didn't even flinch when he pointed it at her. " Vulnera Sanentur ," Sirius muttered under his breath and she felt the gash in her shoulder clean and close itself with a sensation similar to the xylocaine her parents used in their dentistry. Sirius handed the wand back to her, took her by the hand and ushered both Harry and her to a bench around a corner. When he released her hand she felt empty, as if she lost something important. When he turned to Harry with an urgency she wasn't part of she felt rejected and went back to calm and pet Buckbeak. She heard Sirius' voice distantly. "The ones who love us never really leave us. And you can always find them…" During the short silence Hermione felt something tug at her heart, and knew, could see in her mind's eye, Sirius' calloused and tattooed hand over Harry's heart, before he finished his sentence. "…in here." She was inexplicably flushed when Sirius took the chains around Buckbeak's neck and mounted the hippogriff. "You really are the brightest witch of your age," he said and Hermione knew that is the most heartfelt compliment anyone ever has paid her. The stairs from the boy's dormitory creaks and Hermione holds her breath until a dishevelled Harry appears. "Dreams?" she asks. Harry nods. Penny apparates with Hermione's tea and magically doubles it for Harry as well. "I dreamt about Sirius," Harry says, mimicking Hermione's thought. "Do you think he is all right?" "He is with professor Lupin over the weekend. They have twelve years to catch up on. Yes, I think he is all right. I'm more worried about professor Lupin. The parents won't let him continue teaching now that his lycanthropy isn't a secret anymore." "Damn Snape," Harry mutters. He sips his tea before he leans his head against Hermione's shoulder. It's her left shoulder, but the healing spell Sirius fixed it with seems perfect. She feels Harry breathe into her hair. Their relationship has always been less complicated then Ron's and hers, and since the night they went into the tunnel under the Whomping Willow Harry and she are even closer than before. She was more than prepared to stand in front of a killing curse to protect him, and that knowledge made her relax against his chest when he embraced her to shield her from the werewolf's attack in the Dark Forest. Maybe they protected each other at the exact same time, with the help of her time turner. She will always protect Harry, and she will always trust him to protect her. She takes his hand and they sit in silence. "Sirius said I can move in with him when he has been cleared of all charges. He has a house in London. I'd love that. He can tell me things about my parents no one else can. He was their best friend, he and Professor Lupin. They are the only ones alive who actually knew them well." Hermione has a feeling Harry is forgetting someone who also was close, really close to his parents, but she can't put her finger to who it would be. Peter Pettigrew betrayed them. Molly and Arthur are a fair bit older than they were. Neville's parents? They aren't dead, are they? But why is he living with his grandmother? A sudden flash picture outlines a small group of young people in her mind. They are sitting in the same couch she and Harry are. One looks like Harry, but older, almost a grown up. Ginny is sitting next to him, no, it must be Lily. Professor Lupin, before he became a professor, still boyish and very handsome, points at something in an open book in his hand. On the other side of Lily a dark young man, it must Sirius, sits. He has his arm around a girl, a girl Hermione can't place from the stories she has heard about Harry's parents' Hogwarts days. The girl leans her head against Sirius' chest and her dark golden curls hide her face completely. On the floor, closer to the fire, Peter sits with an unhappy expression across his features. Hermione blinks, repulsed by the poor, weak, scared rat Animagus, and the image is gone all together. Hermione faces the fire and nods.