impossibly deeper and Sirius swore. For the first time in his memory, Minerva McGonagall didn't chide him for swearing. Instead she rewarded him with a hot, wet kiss and Sirius might've lost control, just a little. He ravished her, making love to her as surely as he drew breath, and revelling in every moment of it. Every soft sound he elicited from her, every ragged breath she drew, every tight clench of her body upon his, trying to hold him inside her and prevent every withdrawal only to mewl when he returned, impaled fully once more. He made love to her until he couldn't take it anymore, ensuring she shattered a third time, her whole body clenching and spasming with the release, a low, drawn out whine escaping her as she milked him of everything he had. Starbursts of colour exploded behind his eyes and Sirius would swear the woman was an incarnation of the Roman goddess she was named for as his own release crashed into him. "Minnie," he murmured over and over again, her name a soft, reverent litany upon his lips as he leaned his sweat-dampened forehead against hers, his eyes closed against the fierce sensations ripping through him. He loved her, he realised in that moment. He'd always fancied her, to be sure, but as he spent himself deep inside her, feeling her arching against him, her body beneath his own, their breaths mingling, Sirius realised he was in love with the witch. "That was…" Minerva began breathlessly before trailing off, seeming incapable of finding words to describe the magic they'd made. "Worth the wait," Sirius finished for her. " That was worth the wait." Minerva laughed softly at his words, carding her fingers through his long hair and tipping his head to snog him once more. Sirius kissed her adoringly, trying to show her how much he loved her, knowing she'd never believe him if he told her, doubting she'd let him get the words out if he tried. Sirius kissed her gently even as he fished himself free of her, muttering cleaning charms against her lips and making her smile proudly at the wandless magic when they worked. Crawling off her, Sirius stretched out on his side before reaching for her and scooping her into his arms, spooning himself around the witch and pressing a kiss to her bare shoulder. "I should go," she whispered, her fingers trailing over his forearm lightly. He suspected that as her mind began to clear of the orgasm induced euphoria, she was beginning to think she'd made a mistake. "Stay," Sirius replied softly, cuddling her closer until he was pressed flush against her. "Just for a little while." She sighed softly before arching against him, stretching like the feline she could transform into. The irony of his adoration for her when she was feline while he himself was canine, was not lost on Sirius. He expected that if he pushed too hard and tried to make her stay, or tried to admit his feelings for her, she'd turn on him like any cat on an inquisitive dog. Fur on end, hissing, claws unleashed. The idea made him chuckle just a little before he dozed off with the powerful witch still in his arms. ~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~O~ When he woke, hungover the next morning, Minerva was gone. His bedsheets smelled like her though, and when he dragged himself out of bed, a little crestfallen that she'd left, he followed his nose to the kitchen. She'd left his flat, but Sirius smiled a little when he spotted a phial of Hangover Cure sitting beside a still-steaming cup of black coffee, made just the way he liked it. His flat was a mess after the party and his body ached in the best way from the night's exertions. Sirius couldn't stop smiling as he picked up the potion and drank it, washing it down with the coffee she'd made for him. She couldn't have left long ago and Sirius smirked at the idea that the witch had stayed with him throughout the night. Just once , she'd said, he mused as he drank his coffee. Surely once wasn't enough now that he knew how utterly delicious she tasted. Chuckling to himself, Sirius ferreted around until he found a scrap of parchment and a quill. He scratched out the letter carefully before grinning as he prodded his owl awake to send the letter off to his favourite witch. Morning Beautiful, I don't suppose it would be entirely too forward of me to suggest that your birthday be spent this way every year, from now on? Yours. He didn't sign it, knowing it could fall into the wrong hands and knowing that after seven years of grading his essays, Minnie would recognise his handwriting. He showered while he waited for a reply, loathe to wash the scent of her off himself but knowing that if he didn't, Moony would turn up with his sensitive werewolf nose and the secret would be out. The grin on his face would surely give him away, but he suspected that Minnie would never forgive him and never let him have her again if he blabbed to his friends that he'd finally gotten into her knickers. Showering and washing the sheets would have to suffice. His owl returned just as he finished flicking his wand to clean up his flat of all evidence of the party. There was a strip of parchment attached the bird's leg and Sirius's unfurled it eagerly, a smile upon his lips even as he expected an easy let down. You're incorrigible. Your terms, however, are acceptable. ~M. Sirius gave a shout, fists punching the air as he leapt with triumph. She'd agreed! She was going to let him rock her world every birthday from now on. The idea made him positively giddy with happiness. Little did he know that he'd only get to enjoy her one more time before his life would be irrevocably ruined.