one or two he didn't. What are all of these people doing here? Harry wondered. He debated throwing open the door and demanding just that, but in the state he was in currently, he didn't imagine it would be as effective as he would like. So, he opted to eavesdrop instead. "This is bloody Ballocks!" Ron's voice shouted, much louder than any of the other occupants. Harry could hear anger in his words. "Now Ron," Kingsley's voice placated, "I know that you don't like it-" Another voice cut him off- "Oh course he doesn't like it!" Hermione cutting off Kingsley? What? Ron's voice broke through again taking on a desperate tone; "Dad please, tell them!" "I'm afraid that I agree Kingsley kids" Mr. Weasley? Harry hadn't seen him since he'd left the Burrow. "It might not seem like it, but they're only trying to help." "Quite right," said a man's voice that Harry didn't recognize. "We only have Mr. Potter's best interests in mind." What the hell are they talking about? Harry wondered, inching forwards to see if he could get a better look in. He couldn't see either of his friends, nor Kingsley and Mr. Weasley, but he could see what he assumed was the backside of the man who had just been speaking, and as well as a woman that Harry failed to recognize either. Ron started to laugh. "His best interests? What a load of crap! If any you cared about what's best for him then you'd know that it's us!" Hermione 'harrumphed' in agreement. "The point is minister " she said with an air of sarcasm, "Harry. Is staying. Here." Kingsley let out a sigh, "I'm sorry Hermione, but that just isn't going happen. It's been two months and he's not getting any better, in fact every time I see him he looks worse! It's obvious he's not sleeping like he should, and I'm not even going to get into all the weight he has lost- the boy needs help; and keeping him here isn't doing him any favors." "You want him to get help? Fine! We'll take him to a mindhealer! You want him out of this place? We'll take him back to the Burrow! Just don't take him away!" by the end Ron's voice was breaking so much Harry almost couldn't hear the last part. Harry heard shuffling from the other side of the door, then Mr. Weasley's spoke in a tone so soft that Harry had to strain to hear him. "It's not going to be forever Ronald, just until he gets better. And then he can come home- Happy and healthy." Harry didn't know what Ron's response was, maybe he gave some form of non-verbal agreement, but the next voice that spoke up was that of the woman who Harry didn't know. "In order for us to detain a patient involuntarily, we need to have the signature of someone who takes responsibility as their guardian" She said, her voice shrill. "And seeing as Mr. Potter has no close relatives, the Minister had suggested that it be one of you two." "One of us?" Hermione asked cautiously, "What exactly would that mean?" "It means that you would be the ones in charge of Harry's care. You would be free to visit him without the restrictions usually placed on non-family members, in emergency's you would get the final say in his treatment; and, if you decide that you no longer think that Saint Mungo's is the best place for him, you would be allowed to have him released into your custody." Kingsley told her. "And…" Hermione's voice wavered "And we could take him out- whenever we decided?" "Hermione! You can't actually be considering-! We can't do that to him!" "I-What else can we do Ron? I don't- I don't know how to help him." Harry didn't want to hear what happened next. He couldn't. His friends were going to send him away! Kingsley wanted to lock him up! Sure, he wasn't coping as well as he could be, but it wasn't like he was crazy! He wasn't drooling on the floor, he wasn't planning on offing himself anytime soon. It's not like he's losing sleep on purpose! He just- he can't. Every time he closes his eyes he sees their faces. The faces of all the people who died because of him. And when he wakes from sleep it's always to their screams. He's doing the best that he can! Why can't they see that! He's held up his mask, played the role of savior for them, done everything they asked! All these past weeks he's held on! Is that what this is? Now that they don't need him around to shake hands and pose for photos.. they want to hide him away? Lock him up and throw away the key? No! They can't do this! They- they wouldn't- Ron wouldn't! With his thoughts racing and new-found adrenalin rushing through him, Harry ran back up to his room. He pulled an empty backpack out of the closet and shoved a couple shirts down into it. Going over to his old school trunk that was resting against the wall, used these past weeks as a make-shift dresser, he pulled out a few pairs of pants and trousers. Finally, he went over to the nightstand next to his bed, in the top draw were the last three things he needed. His wand, his wallet, and folded up neatly beside them; his invisibility cloak. Shoving his wallet into his pocket, and keeping his wand in his hand, he threw his invisibility cloak over his head and as quickly and silently as he could, made his way back down to the ground floor, past the dining room, and swiftly out the front door. As soon as he made it past the building's wards, he held out his wand and with fleeting prayer that his magic not fail him, apparated away. (Authors note: I own nothing. Hope you enjoyed)