hand and shook it seamlessly. He turned to the rest of the Hall and shouted, "Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce our new Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Moody." Not one of the staff, save for Hagrid and Dumbledore, clapped. Neither did any student. Everyone was transfixed on his unusual appearance. " Mad-eye Moody? " Ron muttered. "What ever happened to his face? He looked like someone attacked him and left him for dead." Hermione whispered to them. "Dunno." Harry whispered. After a nonplussed Moody had settled into the staff table, Dumbledore continued his speech, "As I was saying, we are to have the honour of hosting the Triwizard Tournament at Hogwarts this year." As chaos erupted through the Hall, Harry looked towards Hermione in confusion. "What the hell is the Triwizard Tournament?" Hermione shook her head, and pointed back at Dumbledore. Harry raptly listened to what the Headmaster said regarding the tournament. Despite it being closed for those under the age of seventeen, it sounded fascinating to Harry. He noticed everyone throughout the Hall whisper excitedly amongst themselves and their neighbours, imagining themselves as champions of the Tournament. "The Heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will arrive with their short-listed contenders in October," Dumbledore said. "An impartial judge will decide who is worthy to compete for the Cup, for the glory of their school and a thousand Galleons." Harry overhead Fred and George Weasley swearing that they would pass whatever barrier Dumbledore erected. "A thousand galleons. Imagine that." Ron said with a faraway look. "Please treat our foreign guests with every courtesy and respect, and give your wholehearted support to whoever the Hogwarts champion is. But now, it is late and is time for you all to rest. Bedtime!" Groaning, students slowly began getting up onto their feet. Harry, Hermione, Ron, Neville, Dean and several others remained seated. They all watched as Fred and George reaffirm their intentions to enter the Tournament. As Harry and Ron laughed at them, Hermione leaned in closer and said to him, "Harry, why is Daphne Greengrass staring at you as if she is debating on what curse she wants to inflict on you?" Harry groaned audibly to himself, having known that she would be brought back into his mind. Harry slowly turned around and saw the girl in question. She was glaring at him venomously, her sharp blue eyes narrowed and piercing. Her hands seemed to be shaking and she was mumbling words under her breath that Harry was sure were not pleasant. It seemed her friend Tracey was attempting to fan her anger with not much success. "Damn, she looks like she wants to kill you, Harry." Neville gulped nervously. "Seriously, what in good heavens happened between you two? You have to tell us eventually." Hermione reasoned. "Later," Harry said. "I'll explain in the morning before breakfast." At least he would have the night to think it over. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Neville, Fred and George shuffled off towards the Entrance Hall. At that exact same moment, Daphne and Davis stood from their seats and began strode towards the same direction. "Looks like we might find out before tomorrow, huh?" Ron whispered to Hermione, fully aware that Harry could hear him. Damn it. Harry accelerated his walking speed, practically dragging the confused Weasley twins along with him. He did not want talk to Greengrass, especially in front of Ron and Hermione. Thankfully, they managed to squeeze their way through the crowd amassed at the entrance and into the Hall before Daphne could reach them. He thanked chance that she had been seated at the other side of the hall. "What do you think about the Tournament?" Ron asked Harry as they slowed down. "Be cool to enter, huh?" "I think I've had enough excitement in my life, Ron." Harry grinned. "I'spose, especially with that Slytherin girl. If only she wasn't a snake. She ain't bad-looking, especially with those blue eyes. Definitely quite fit as well." "Ron!" Hermione chided him. "Potter!" Harry almost stumbled through a trick stairway at the sound of the voice. Speaking of who, how did she catch up so fast? He immediately recognised it and turned around with a weak smile. Daphne Greengrass stood with Davis and the bronze-skinned boy only several feet away from them. If looks could kill, Harry would have been dead the moment he met her icy stare. "We have to talk, Potter! Tomorrow, after our first lesson together." Daphne told him. "Like I said on the train, of course." Harry mumbled, giving her a mock salute. He was not in the mood to speak with Greengrass. "You better," Her friend Tracey Davis finally spoke, shooting Harry a dry smirk. "Otherwise she might freeze your bits off from across the dinner table! You wouldn't want that, would you Golden Boy?" "I would like to see her try." Ron hissed at them, taking Harry's arm and pulling him away. "Oooh, scary red Weasley. Would you like to experience it first hand, Weasley? Or too scared Granger wouldn't like it cold and resolute instead small and soft like it is normally?" Davis asked mockingly, causing the three Slytherins to laugh and walk away. "Lousy snakes," Ron muttered to himself. "Always ruining everything." As much as Hermione disapproved, Harry could not help but agree. After they entered the Gryffindor common room and climbed to their respective dormitories, Harry and Ron and the rest of the fourth-years settled back into their extremely comfortable four poster-beds. As Ron sleepily told Harry that he was considering entering the Tournament, Harry drifted to sleep. Images of a white wedding dress and blonde hair fell flat to him being the Hogwarts champion, holding the cup high in front of the whole school. In his dreams, Harry spotted Cho in the crowd, who ran into his arms and kissed him in front of an applauding school. For the first time in what seemed like forever, Harry Potter went to sleep with a wide smile.