doesn't want her father in law to go back to Azkaban. " Draco give me your wand." Draco was just watching all this he's also mad Weasley got free. He hands over his wand and Hermione points it at her father in law "Expelliarmus." She does the same with Ron's wand who is pointed at all three Malfoy's. Lucius wand goes flying out of his hand he looks up at the minutes to be married couple Ron glares at them. Hermione gives Draco his wand back. "Now this is a wedding a joining of two people not a battle. Ron your not even supposed to be here you weren't invited yes I'm marrying Draco I love him and he loves me. You can't break us up. " Ron takes a step forward and Pansy is next to Ginny she gives Ginny her flowers " That's it you've ruined my best friend's wedding enough." Pansy goes to walk towards Ron when she smiles at the couple " I got this also congratulations." She pulls her wand out from underneath her dress. " Wingardium leviosa." Ron starts to float in the air and yells to be put down. Pansy walks him out of the church then stops the spell and watches him drop back to the ground and run away. She turns back to everyone " Continue." Xxx Present: Everyone is seated and there are people giving speeches about how wonderful a person hermione is and how she will make an excellent minster of magic. Harry gave a speech and so did McGonagall on how smart hermione is. Kingsley Shacklebolt the last minister goes up to the podium. " now we will hear from Draco Malfoy" Draco is up next and hermione didn't even know he was giving a speech. " I didn't know you were giving a speech." He kisses her on the forehead " I've supported you this whole campaign now it's time to tell you how much you mean to me." " I am extremely proud of my wife Hermione Malfoy there is no one more qualified to run the ministry of magic then her she will be an amazing minster not only to the wizarding world but to the muggle world as well. Having come from the muggle world and is the brightest witch in the wizarding world. She made the Malfoy family not only whole but see the light when we were in never ending darkness. Being minister will be nothing for her she is the smartest, bravest person I know. " Everyone gives Draco a standing ovation for his speech. When he got back to the table that seats his wife their children and his parents. Hermione gives him a kiss. " Thank you I loved your speech it was beautiful." It's Hermione's turn to give her accepting speech she kisses Draco one more time and walks up to the podium. " All the speeches were lovely tonight. The campaign for minister was not easy I had stiff competition with Oliver wood and I was pregnant with my fourth child. But through it all I came out ahead. And I am honored to be the first woman minster of magic. I want to give a huge shout out to my husband Draco who has been my biggest supporter since I announce my running. I remember one day I came home I was busy all week campaigning and I told my him I don't think I can do this anymore I was so exhausted. He told me I can do this and that if anyone deserves to be minister it should be me. I should also say at the time I was nine months pregnant and due any day. Still through all the obstacles I faced threw this campaign I came out on top. I am extremely lucky I have a extremely supportive husband and four healthy children. I am going to try to be the best minister of magic you have ever seen." Hermione's speech gets a standing ovation too. After all the speeches Rita Skeeter wants a photo of the Malfoy family for the front page of the Daily Prophet. Hermione holding Xander and Draco holding Zane stand behind Scorpius and Anya on stage while Bozo one of the daily prophets photographers snaps their picture. Xxx After the event the Malfoy family apparate to there mansion. When they got engaged they bought this mansion. Before they had kids it was so big and empty but once they got married and had Scorpius and Anya the mansion didn't seem big at all. Draco puts Xander and Zane to bed while Hermione puts Scorpius and Anya to bed. Hermione goes to her bedroom and puts on her silk green nightgown while Draco puts on a pair of Slytherin pajamas pants and gets in bed. Hermione gets in and puts her head on his shoulder while he runs a hand threw her hair and kisses her forehead. " Thank you." " For what I didn't do anything." " For punching me in the face all those years ago. It was the wake up call I needed to finally understand the feelings I had for you. It wasn't just that I need punched it was a muggle born punched me I realized that day that were not different you can't hurt me just as much as I can hurt you." Hermione leans up and kisses him " Even after all this time I don't regret punching you. You had it coming." Draco lets out a little laugh " Did you ever think back in third year I'm punching my future husband?" Hermione running her hand over Draco's bare stomach " No I just thought I'm punching this evil little cockroach who has it coming." Draco turns over to her and hovers over her and leans down and kisses her " I love you Hermione Malfoy." Hermione puts her arms around his neck " I love you too Draco Malfoy."