worst of a bad lot. Power and personal will is everything for them, typical of having the ends justify the means. But with eight of them in two days, hopefully that pretty well takes care of this little group. We'll investigate, of course, but I think this is the lot of them. Stupid move, putting all their eggs in one basket, but then Azkaban isn't filled with geniuses." "Sounds like an interesting life," Arnold said and looked away. "Now, this obviating thing ..." "Oblivate charm," "Right, that. Still kind of nervous." He turned to Harry with pleading eyes. "I said before I'd do anything and I will. I'll never breathe a word. I was able to see some very interesting things but it's a life I cannot live. I'm not a sorcerer, wizard, whatever, and never will be. Can we just be friends or something?" Harry chuckled. "I told you the Obliviate charm is perfectly safe, plus I'm expert at it." "I'm sure you are," Arnold said. "From what I've seen you are very good at fighting, even against impossible odds. Then again, my little box helped." Harry nodded. "Yes, it really did. I'm afraid there's scorch marks on your sofa. But I have to think of more than just one battle and the arrest of five ..." "Death Eaters," Arnold supplied. "Yes, that. You listen well. But your device, it's dangerous. Imagine if we got plugged into the big one and I used a powerful spell. Would a killing curse take out a whole city? How many people would die? It's just too much a risk. If someone got hold of it with bad intent, there would be no defense," Harry said. "I'd appreciate it if you got rid of that lasing thing I used. It works but it too easily could be a weapon that will cause more harm than good." "I agree with you," he said, walked over to the device and threw it to the floor. It broke into several large pieces then several smaller pieces when his foot crushed it. "Thanks," Harry said. "I know that was valuable to you so I'm thinking you will keep your word and not say anything. If any word gets out, even the rumor of something odd, your name might end up in the tabloids with an aluminium foil hat claiming aliens are invading your head." "That's you people?" Arnold asked with wide eyes. "No, of course not," Harry said. "But sometimes the charm doesn't hold, there's confusion and confabulation so we check up on people we have encountered. Now, next Thursday I'm taking the team out for lunch. You know the caf on Thornhill street? Looked like a nice place." "Yes. I've been there many times," Arnold said. "Tables on the walk with a calzone that's to die for. Good food, good service and tea by the pot load." Harry gave him a smile. "Outstanding. I promised lunch to my team on Thursday noon and I believe the caf on Thornhill street would be a fine choice. I'm going to be walking by and stop at your table to say you remind me of someone, but you don't know me after this night. You've never seen me before in your life. Friendly confusion is in order. Are we in agreement?" Arnold seemed to think about it and gave a small grin. "So, who are you again? Have we met before?" "Perhaps I can come by some day and you can explain these laser things to me. It sounds fascinating," Harry said and held out his hand. "It's been a pleasure," Arnold said, the edges of his mouth twitched a little. "At least it would be if we'd ever met." "Take care of yourself, Arnold. I wish you good fortune in your endeavors," Harry said. Determining the Auror office in the Ministry, he turned and left with a crack of torn air. At the Ministry he met up with his team and asked, "Got them all under control?" Ron grinned. "Tried to find a dank dungeon but alas, had to put them in clean, dry cells instead. Already Pioried their wands, one had an Imperio which will mean a quick hearing and they're off to Azkaban. The ones from yesterday are already enjoying their new accommodations. With a Muggle attack and their wands showing the use of Unforgivables, they'll be there for a very long time." Harry nodded. "I've been thinking about why they were at that house the same time I was. Perhaps they were looking for something from the day before? Did the first three have a valuable thing they tossed as we chased them? It's just a thought but a covert search for magical objects along their line of flight seems prudent. Perhaps a couple new graduates. Other than that, a good two days' work, don't you think?" "That should take care of their little nutcase cabal," Ron said. "We still on for lunch Thursday?" "I'm looking forward to it. Thought I'd try a little caf I saw near that Muggle's house. They had several tasty looking dishes in the window." Harry forced the smug grin off his face but Ron gave him that look that said he knew something was up while his nod said he would never ask about it. "Sounds good. Always good to eat with friends," Ron said, with that look again. "Anything I need to do tonight or can I go home?" Harry asked. "Ginny expected me an hour ago, so if I don't have work ..." "It's all taken care of. Get home, mate. I'm off too. Bat bogeys flying around your face are so distracting," Ron said. "See you tomorrow." With that, Harry headed to the floos for a relaxing dinner at home with Ginny and the kids. What he'd told Arnold was true, they were what he lived for, why he was still Head Auror. After a tough week a comfortable family dinner was what his soul needed.