was a semi-circular wooden table and on its outer side were eight comfortable chairs for two prefects from each house. In front of them was a plain rectangular table behind which the Head Girl and the Head Boy sat. Currently, the people in question were standing on the either side of it, clearly not interested to sit together. Nadia cleared her throat lightly and the small amount of muttering stopped. "So…I have been made the new head girl and…uh….Malfoy here has been made the head boy." She heard a few grunts not supporting the decision but no one said anything and she continued. "Right now we are just going to give you a few instructions, which are stupendously boring, but listen anyway. So first off, you all can deduct points from house of the offender but please do not be bias on that matter. Whatever house the offender belongs to, should be punished, even if it's your own house. Second, don't skive off your rounds." She told them gravely. "In these times, we cannot afford to be careless. Try to cover every place in the castle where you detect any kind of activity. Do you understand?" everyone nodded seriously. Even Malfoy nodded slightly in agreement. "Good. Malfoy," she turned towards him. "Do you want to say something?" He didn't look at her, but removed his hands from his pockets and stood facing the prefects. "In Hogwarts," he started. "when you will be doing your rounds, always be alert. Do not take these rounds casually. A single mistake from your side, and you and your partner can be flat out dead." He said gravely. Everyone was staring at him with wide eyes and rapt attention. Terry Boot actually looked like he could take out a notepad and note it all down. "No one can be trusted in these times. You spot any suspicious movement, alert all the prefects and the heads, also notify any professor you can get to quickly. The death eaters can be roaming free in the castle, for all we know." "It's because of you the Death Eaters actually entered the castle, Malfoy." Hannah Abbott said, fixing him with an accusing glare. Malfoy scowled deeply and was about to throw abuses at the girl when the name tumbled out of Nadia's mouth without her permission. "Hannah." She reprimanded with a bit of edge. Hannah shrunk back in her chair, looking a bit upset about being told off. Ron and Hermione and the other prefects were staring at her oddly but no one said anything. "And mind you," she said. "if it's a wrong call, I won't be so forgiving. My sleep is very dear to me." Everyone in the compartment chuckled. Nadia didn't understand what the joke was but was relieved that atmosphere had lightened. "So we are just going to pair you off for now, so that you can do your rounds in the train." She said and looked at Malfoy, who didn't look very interested. "So, Padma and Terry, you move on first then Hannah and Ron…" and she started pairing them. Malfoy interrupted only once because he thought that Daphne and Jamie Sullivan should not be paired together because they were friends and wouldn't concentrate on the rounds. Nadia had to agree with him because he had a point. "And remember, don't skive off !" she told them one last time and they filed out of the compartment. She sighed and glanced at Malfoy who didn't have any intention to leave, at least that's what it looked like. Ron and Hermione were waiting for her at the entrance, watching Malfoy warily. He just scowled at them but didn't move. "A word, Potter." He said, when she was about to leave. Ron, Hermione and Nadia shared a look. "Well, talk." Nadia replied calmly. "Alone." He drawled. Nadia raised an eyebrow. She was having problems trusting Malfoy and there he was asking, more like demanding, to talk to her alone. "No way!" Ron spat. "Nad, come on." "No, wait Ron." She said impassively. "I'll be a minute." Ron looked at Malfoy suspiciously and then turned to her. She nodded assuring. Hermione took Ron out by his arm and slid the compartment door shut behind "What?" she snapped, turning towards him. Malfoy rolled his eyes looking utterly bored. "I have no interest standing here with you, but Dumbledore told me to tell you that…" he took a deep breath, as if he was having trouble saying the words. "…we are…uh…going to be sharing a dormitory." Nadia stood there, her arms folded over her chest taking in the news calmly and then she smirked. "Seriously, Malfoy." She said. "You couldn't come up with anything better?" Malfoy's jaw tightened looking like he was going to lash out. He shoved his hands into his pocket and looked at her without a hint of humour. "I'm not joking about this, Potter." He said tightly. "Dumbledore came to the headquarters two weeks ago and gave me the unfortunate news." Nadia rolled her eyes. The boy was certainly dim. "And why wouldn't he tell me when I was in the same house?" she asked sweetly. Malfoy smirked. "He said you'll take it better than I did. No shouting, not opposing the ridiculous idea and stuff. But clearly he was wrong. You are worse." Malfoy laughed. "Not believing it, that's not what I did." Nadia flattered a bit at that and scowled at him. "That's a really pathetic joke, Malfoy." She snapped. "Head Girls and Head Boys have had separate dormitories since this trend started and now you come up to me and say we are going to be sharing a dormitory! Hell yeah." She huffed. "Say whatever you want." He shrugged. "You'll see soon enough." "That I will." She hissed and stormed out of the compartment. "See you in the dorm, Potter." She heard him call out from somewhere behind. "You wish, Malfoy." She muttered to herself and went into her own compartment. xxx