turned into tiny shivers and she knew it was time to go in. I'm sorry father, she thought, standing and coming to a decision. I love Cormac. I know you think it's best that I let him go to protect him, but… I can't do that . "And I need to tell you that," she said aloud, nodding in affirmation and hurrying back to the steps of the Great Hall, eager to visit her father's private rooms and tell him her decision. I'll be disinherited, but that's fine. Despite being in line for the throne, Cormac is the better leader, she thought, dashing through the dirtied remains of the party in the Hall, lifting her purple skirts despite the train covered in dirt and crumbs. She rushed up the winding stairs of the foyer and to the fourth floor, reaching the private royal wing and her father's royal tower. She met no one along the way – it was dark, now, and the party had ended several hours earlier with the guests all retiring to their rooms or passed out elsewhere. Down the hallway to her father's room, moonlight peaked through the thick clouds and periodically blacked out the dim hallway even further, rendering it nearly pitch black at moments. "That's strange," murmured Hermione, eyes glancing back and forth. "It's so dark. Why aren't there any lights lit? Where are the guards?" Memory of the previous day, being chased by the strange man in the hallways, flashed before Hermione's eyes. "Father!" gasped Hermione, quickening her pace and reaching her father's quarters. She paused in front of it, looking left and right. There were no guards stationed outside, and the worry in her gut churned into full-blown fear. A cloud passed over the moon again, blacking the hallway, but Hermione had already seen it: the door was ajar. "Father? Are you in there? Father!" Hermione stepped into the room, her eyes looking at the far corner where several couches and tables rested to the other side of the room, where the door to the bedroom was shut. However, just as she looked forward, the clouds rolled past the moon, and moonlight filtered back into the king's receiving room. Framed against the large windows overlooking the Avalon countryside and town of Hogsmeade, King Perseus stood with his back to Hermione, a tall figure standing close, in front of him. "Father…?" The tall figure stepped to the side, and Hermione gasped. Cormac had his sword buried deep in Perseus's chest, the hilt nearly touching the King's chest. Blood ran in rivets down the sword, pommel and hilt, and over Cormac's tightly clenched fist, dripping onto the stone floor. He yanked his sword out of the King with a wet sound, and the man crumpled to the floor heavily. " Father! " Hermione dropped to her knees at her father's head. His eyes were glassy and open, blood trickling out of his mouth. A large puddle of hot blood began to form under him, running between cracks in the floor and towards a rug by the seating area. "Cormac, please! Go get help! Father's hurt ." "Of course, he is, Hermione," said Cormac, but in a voice Hermione had never heard before. When Cormac spoke, he was always soft and kind, choosing his words carefully. Now, his voice had a brittle, hard quality to it, overlaid with snobbish conceit. He was done coddling his younger cousin. "Cormac?" asked Hermione, dazed. "He's dead, no Healer can help him now," the man continued. He absently wiped his sword on the bottom of his shirt, smearing the king's blood there in a bright, vicious streak. Hermione, stunned, kept her eyes on Cormac as he stepped around his fallen uncle. He sheathed his sword, but his right hand's fingers continued to twitch, ready to spring his wand from its holster. "You weren't supposed to be here, Hermione," continued Cormac in an even tone. "You were supposed to be asleep, like all the others are. You would've been safe. Now… now I'll have to kill you, and I don't want to do that." "Kill me?" gasped Hermione, eyes widening. "Cormac – what? What is going on? What are you talking about?" "Eight years ago, your father killed mine, Hermione," said Cormac blithely. "Do you remember? Remember the night of the fire when my parents were burnt to their deaths? My father didn't die in that fire, Hermione. He was killed – King Perseus ran him through with his blade and then left. He burned their castle down with Fiendfyre to hide what he had done, but I knew. I found out." "No, that can't be true," begged Hermione, leaning a bit forward, eyes glancing down at her father's motionless form. "Cormac, you know that can't be right – father would never —" "He did." Cormac's mouth a straight, firm line. "And he knew it, right when I confronted him about it tonight, Hermione. He didn't deny it at all – just looked at me, like he knew what I had come here to do." Hermione moaned, swaying where she knelt. At the sound, the door to her father's chambers opened and several of the Hogwarts royal guards in purple and silver stepped in. "My lord, is everything fine?" "Yes," said Cormac, briefly looking up at them. Another figure, all dressed in black robes, eased in behind them. He had a shallow, yellowed face, with black eyes and limp black hair. "The Princess saw?" he drawled in a deep, low voice. "Yes," confirmed Cormac, looing at man. He glanced dispassionately at her. "Then you know what to do, You Highness." Hermione felt horror steal over her as Cormac turned his cold, cobalt eyes on her. There was no sign of her loving cousin in them – he was a stranger to her. "I'm sorry, Hermione," he said, raising his arm, and she saw he had his wand in his grasp. The tip began to glow green. " Avad— " TBC