the lemons you were given!" "And you know what I did right after they turned their backs? I spat out the juice and turns the seeds into whittled spears! You don't have to accept this Hermione!" They were standing opposite each other now, and he became very aware that their knees were touching, both heated and shaking. "This was never my decision to accept, Thomas. I just got dealt a bad hand of cards," she murmured before slipping out from underneath his gaze and darting upstairs. The whole thing sat funny with Tom for the rest of the month of October. For most of the year he had blindly accepted the situation, never questioning the reason as to why she was there. She wasn't native to town, and she had never been a literal beam of light as a kid. There had to be a way out of this. He had to show her. Winter By the time they've finishing digging a hole in the frozen mud, their hands are cracked and bleeding. They don't speak until Cedric's body is buried seven feet under and they're walking back to her house. "You'll have to move. Everyone will know you're the one who killed him. They won't go after as long as you're outside their precious town." "Come with me," he suggests in the rhetorical way a teacher does to make you think you have a choice. Hermione stopped in her tracks, the shovel hitting the forest floor with a resounding "thud". Tom repeated himself softer this time, "Come with me." "I can't," she sighed, though Tom could practically see the gears in her head whirring at the thought of leaving foggy Hogsmeade. He decided to try a different tactic. "You can't? Or you're too scared to?" "I'm not scared," she retorted, arms crossed defensively. He mimicked her stance. "So you really want to stick around town? After you just became an accessory to murder? Doesn't seem smart, Hermione. You'd be safer if you just left with me" "Why do you even care what happens to me? I'm just some girl-" "You've never been just some girl , Hermione. You have to realize that." The pleading look her gave her finally struck home, and her mouth made a delicate little 'o'. He crossed the short distance between them in two bounds and she met him halfway there, and suddenly they were fused together as one entity. Luckily for them there were no onlookers there to spot the murderers both radiating light in the middle of the grey, sleeted woods. When they finally break apart, he rests his forehead upon hers. Hermione confessed into his collarbone, "I've felt like this for a long time, but I never thought that you-" Tom cut her off. "You stupid, stupid girl. How could you not have realized?" Less than an hour later it's dusk and she's still holding the door handle to his car. "You ok?" He asked from behind her, Minerva and her basket tucked under his arm. "Yeah," Hermione answers with the beginnings of a smile. "I'm ok. We're ok." And with that, they climb into his truck, Minerva purring gently in her lap. "To live would be an awfully big adventure," she whispered as they drove past the welcome sign. Andromeda doesn't care that not one, but two children would be chosen to take her place. The second was a little boy with messy black hair, a missing first tooth, a baby sister on the way, and an obsession with growing a pair of wings. "Did they live happily ever after?" Draco asks now that the story has ended. Dora pauses to think about it, "Well, they just left last week, so I don't know." " I think they lived happily ever after," Draco smiles sleepily. "I bet they traveled to all those places she wanted to go to and that he published his books." "I'm sure they did." She stands up and tucks Draco into his sheets. "I'm going to travel too," Draco assures her. "I'm gonna fly around in an airplane with Harry until we get dizzy and his mom makes his cookies." Tonks tries to smile but the outcome is more of a trembling, lopsided line. "Of course you will," she lies as she kisses him on the head. At the door, she turns around to say,"Goodnight little dragon," but Draco doesn't respond. His mouth is ajar and his eyes are closed. Dora closes the door and drops to the floor, her head in her hands as she begins to sob. Tomorrow he's moving away and she may never see him again. She wonder if she'll get to say goodbye before he's whisked out the door. Asleep in his room, Draco is blissfully unaware of what he will become. When Uncle Lu and Aunt Cissy pull up in the driveway half an hour later, it looks like someone has seat the house on fire - light blazing from the windows. They know what they are supposed to do with Draco. They know what the town needs them to do. They greet their niece Dora at their door. With one heartbroken glance from the blue haired teen, Narcissa and Lucius make up their minds. Let someone else be the chosen one - no son of theirs will deal with that fate. He wouldn't ever be left the way Narcissa's parents had done with Andromeda all those years ago. The Black family was strongest when they were altogether, damn the consequences. By dawn their car is packed up and both the kids are in the back. They drive out of town without looking back. Andromeda doesn't care that, in a nearby town, a little girl will be plucked away from all she's ever known to replace her in the lighthouse. Her name is Hermione Jean Granger, she's 11 years old, she has a cat named Crookshanks, and she's in love with a boy in the year above her named Tom Riddle.