"The Eton mess?" Harry nodded and added, "but anonymous." "Got it," the lady smiled and carried two desserts over to Severus's table. "You've got to be kidding me," Severus frowned as the lady put the desserts on the table. "Now those look good," Abby smiled. She picked up a spoon and took a bite. "This I can get down." Severus sighed and shook his head, but took a bite of the one in front of him. "So, anyway, could you tell me more about what you do at Hogwarts?" "Gladly. A change in the topic." Harry smiled. They seemed to be enjoying that dessert. He had made a good choice. He gasped as a hand grabbed his arm. "There you are!" Remus growled, turning Harry slightly and swatting him on the bottom. "Owie, Uncle!" Harry whined, his face turning red as he looked around to see if anyone had watched. "I've been looking all over for you! You were supposed to go straight to the bathroom then back. Next time, I'm going with you. What are you doing over here?" "Just looking," Harry said. "Well you're not getting dessert, young man. Back to the table, now!" Harry pouted as he walked back to the table with Remus. His food was sitting at his seat, but the fish was cold. He sighed. Oh well, as long as Severus and Abby had had a good time, that was all that mattered. He ate the fish without complaint and munched on the chips. Later, the checks arrived for both tables and Severus and Abby came to stand near Remus and Harry's table, having already paid. "How was your dinner, Harry?" Abby asked. "It was delicious! What about yours?" "It was . . . interesting." She smiled nonetheless. "I think my check is wrong," Remus said aloud. "Why? Wrong orders?" Severus looked down at the parchment Remus was holding. "No, added on orders." Abby, curious, looked down at the parchment, too. "Merlin, that's everything we got at our table. Except the music, but I may not have been paying attention to that. Severus, this is everything that came to our table." "You're right," Severus agreed. "You didn't do all this, Remus." "Of course not! I can hardly afford this! Maybe she accidentally put these on the wrong check but I didn't . . . they went to your table? Even this dessert? Did . . .?" Remus suddenly looked up at Harry, his eyes narrowing. Everyone followed Remus's gaze and Harry gulped as Severus gave Harry a stern look. "You went missing for a while, Harry," Remus said. "Did you do all this?" Harry shrugged. "Harry Severus Evans Snape," Severus growled and Harry hunched his shoulders slightly. "Tell me the truth now, did you use Remus to order all of this?" Harry nodded. "Why?" "I was trying to help you on your date." Remus slapped a palm to his face, Abby covered her mouth with a hand as she smothered her laughter and Severus turned red but continued to stare angrily at his son. Harry was confused. Didn't his dad like all the nice additions? He thought they were pretty romantic. Unless, he had completely misread the entire situation. Harry felt his own face burn red as he waited for someone to explain. Abby looked back and forth between Severus and Harry then decided to speak. "Let's clear up this confusion for your son," she smiled sweetly. "We are not dating, Harry. Though your father is a very charming man, I'm already engaged." Abby held up her left hand that had a beautiful diamond glimmering off the ring finger. Harry was embarrassed. He had completely misread this relationship. But if not a date . . .? "Then why did we go out for dinner in nice clothes and all?" "Because, as I said earlier, it's a formal dinner," Severus answered, his glare darkening. "Miss Whiter is applying to be my apprentice for the next six months as is required to earn her potions mastery to become an official Potions Mistress." "And I was hoping to learn under the youngest Potions Master in Europe as I will be the youngest Potions Mistress," Abby added, holding up papers that had been signed by Severus. "If I pass, of course. I'm going to be visiting your house a lot and helping your father in his lab these next six months. And, because he teaches potions at Hogwarts, I'll be allowed to help assist his classes." Harry nodded, his face still burning. He was humiliated. How could he have not noticed!? Of course his father wasn't dating, Severus had told him several times that he wasn't interested in looking for someone at the present moment. Harry found a menu that was nearby and hid his face in it, pretending to be interested in the dessert options. Once again, the menu went see through and he could see his father's glare once more, this time, his arms were crossed. "I believe I told you no dessert, Harry," Remus told him. "And you are not getting out of this that easy," Severus growled, reaching for the pouch that held his wizard money and looking at Remus's check. "Oh, let me help you," Abby added, going through her bag for money as well. "I might as well as put in for those candles, a wine, and a dessert. I must say, Harry, if this had been a date, you have good taste." "Expensive taste," Severus muttered. "You are grounded for the week, young man. No desserts at all." Harry pouted as he watched the three adults put together a lot of money. Abby winked at him and said, "I'll sneak you something when I begin my apprenticeship." "I heard that," Severus growled. Harry smiled at Abby as she rolled her eyes and smiled back. I hope you enjoyed it! Please share your thoughts and ideas for one-shots are always welcomed. I'll try and get to as many more as I can.