Severus, she has a glamour on." "What are you talking about Poppy?" Severus asked, coming from his private lab with a box of potions. "It is like she doesn't know…I have seen her during meal times, those that I can attend when no one is in my domain, and she doesn't look any different. I don't think she even knows she has one continually up," Poppy stated. A nock sounded on his door, calling both of their attention away from Hermione for a moment. Minerva's voice sounded from the other side, "It is me, Severus." Quickly walking over to the door, Severus opened it to let Minerva though, followed quickly by his familiar. Ava made her way directly to where Hermione still laid, jumping up, and making herself at home next to her head again. "Poppy," Minerva acknowledged. "Minerva," Poppy replied, waving her wand directly around Hermione's face. "Severus, what is going on?" Minerva asked, turning towards the man who stood watching Poppy closely. "At this point Minerva," he sighed, "even I have no idea." Severus ran his hand through his hair, a tired sigh leaving him as he checked the clock. Minerva had left around midnight, going to check on the rest of her cubs, and to patrol. Poppy left instructions, before going back to the hospital wing when her wards alerted her to someone coming in. That had been around two in the morning. He still hadn't had any sleep, keeping a close watch on the young girl who had remained asleep on his couch. He couldn't help himself, wanting to keep an eye on her. Ever since the first class with her year, he had been intrigued by her mind. How she grasped the concepts so quickly, memorized the instructions, and even turned in very well thought out essays. And according to Ava, was writing them twice now, because he was docking her points for going over the required amount. Severus' mind had churned all through the night, should he do what he wanted, not giving a damn about the rules, or even telling Albus until it was a sealed and done thing? With the clock now reaching four thirty in the morning, he was more and more considering that yes, he would do what he wanted, for the first time in his life. And it would protect this young girl if he did, so that was a bonus. Ebony brown eyes slowly blinked open, as a fire crackled nearby. Turning to look for the source, Hermione took in the two black leather chairs and couch, green throw rug, and two round end tables that surrounded the fire place. A soft purring had her hand moving before she registered it, petting Ara's fur, even as she moved from her spot to be more in line for an easier reach for Hermione. "Hello Ara," Hermione whispered. "Do you by chance know where I am?" Severus stood in the doorway behind Hermione, watching her carefully as she interacted with his familiar. Avery had reported as much to him last night after the meeting with the house, but to see this in person… "I know Ara…I know I should have told someone," her voice whispered, breaking into Severus' thoughts. Stepping forward, out of the doorway to what he hoped would soon be her rooms, he walked into her line of sight. Her intake of breath was about the only noticeable reaction, as Severus walked purposefully to the chair on the other side, making it easier for her to follow his movements and to watch him. After a few moments of silence, with Ara's purring the only sound accompanying the fire place, he finally spoke. "Miss Granger," he started, before sighing. "Hermione…I have an offer for you." Hogwarts Potion Master, Professor Snape, Takes Apprentice Potions Apprentice Attacked on Halloween! Troll Lose in Hogwarts! Headmaster Dumbledore Denies All Claims About Apprentice Granger Being Attacked Lord Malfoy Speaks Out Against Gryffindor House Potions Apprentice Sent to Saint Mungo's. Potion Accident or Attempt on Life? Minister Fudge Denies All Knowledge of Dumbledore's Doings Lord Greengrass Threatens to Pull His Children From Hogwarts. Is Hogwarts Safe? Hermione slowly stirred the ladle, turning down the fire under the cauldron at the same time. The Pain Reliever just needed to cool down, then she could bottle, label, and prepare to take it upstairs to the Hospital Wing. It had taken most of the year, but finally, she was able to use her left hand again. The incident had happened after Christmas break, during the first potions class. While she had been working on an assignment for her Master, the rest of the class was supposed to be working on their own, reading and answering questions to turn in. Instead, once her Master had stepped out of the room to deal with something, the class had started talking, throwing things, and finally, had a piece of parchment land within the cauldron she had been working on. No one else was close enough to be hurt, just her. And she would have been off a lot worse, but her Master had returned in time to see the parchment sail into the cauldron, and had thrown up a shield as quickly as he could. It still had sent her to Mungo's, but at least she now had the use of her left hand, instead of losing it. Attentively, she finished bottling the Pain Reliever, before packing all of the bottles away into a container for her to carry up the stairs. School would be starting again in a week, and she still had other things she needed to finish, mainly, helping her Master with the potions for the Hospital Wing, and finishing re-stocking the ingredient cupboard. Honestly, it was like no student knew how to use the correct amount so they wouldn't have to waist so much…well, besides most of the Slytherin's, Oliver, Cedric, the Twins, and a few Ravenclaw's. Hopefully, this year would be calmer than the year before.