you've gotten even more fame and attention than usual! Congratulations." Cedric said sarcastically. "Cedric, please listen to me. I didn't put my name in the goblet. I was really glad you were chosen as champion, and I wasn't trying to steal your thunder at all. I didn't enter the tournament. I swear." said Harry. "Sure Harry. Whatever you say." said Cedric. Harry didn't say anything in return. It was clear that Cedric was a little peeved because he had his 15 minutes of fame come and go thanks to Harry, but Harry paid him no mind. At a crossroad in the halls of Hogwarts, the two boys headed their separate ways and Harry began thinking. "Why doesn't anyone believe me?" thought Harry. "I didn't enter this damn tournament and I wont have the entire school thinking I'm a liar! I hope someone else believes me besides Ginny, not that I don't mind her believing me. It would just be nice if someone else believed me as well. Then perhaps others would realize how ridiculous this whole thing sounds." "Harry!" said voice from behind him. Harry turned around and saw that it was Ginny. She walked up to him and immediately pulled Harry into a hug. This was something Harry desperately needed right now, especially if it was from Ginny Weasley. After a few moments, the red headed girl reluctantly let go, looked up at him, and blushed slightly. "Harry thank god I found you. Did Dumbledore find a way to get you out of the tournament?" asked Ginny. Harry shook his head. "No Barty Crouch Sr. claimed that the tournament is a binding magical contract and there is no way out of it. That is, unless, I want to be a squib." He sighed and then continued speaking. "I have to compete in this bloody tournament." said Harry. "I'm really sorry, Harry." said Ginny. She pulled him into another hug and the two sat in silence for a moment. Suddenly something donned on Harry that he needed to know about. "Ginny what is going on with Ron? Why did he scowl at me in the Great Hall after my name was called?" asked Harry. "Can't you tell? He's jealous Harry. He wanted all the fame and glory from the tournament for himself, but since he thinks you found a way in, my idiot brother is upset that you didn't tell him how to enter." said Ginny. "That's crazy! Even if I did find a way in, I would let all of you know how to get in as well!" said Harry. "I know Harry. Your real friends would have remembered that too. I just hope they come around eventually." Ginny sighed. "Wait. What about Hermione? Does she believe me? She didn't look too pleased either to be honest." Harry asked. "I am glad you didn't go back to the Gryffindor Common Room Harry, because as soon as Ron and Hermione entered it, they began bashing your credibility. They both believe you are being reckless and stupid." said Ginny. Harry dropped his gaze to the floor. "You still believe me right Ginny? I swear I didn't enter this tournament and I have no interest in eternal glory or the cash prize. I have enough fame and money to last me a lifetime, and let me tell you, they're both nowhere near as important as the people I've lost." Harry admitted. "Of course I believe you Harry. We're good friends and I would like to think I know you a lot by now. You saved my life in the Chamber of Secrets, you are a selfless person who thinks of others always before yourself, and I know you don't actively go searching for danger, even though it does tend to follow you." said Ginny whilst laughing a little at the last statement. "What can I say? I am like a magnet to this stuff!" Harry chuckled. "A what? What's a magnet?" asked Ginny. "Oh umm … Never mind. Don't worry about what I said, Ginny." said Harry. "Okay. Well come on Harry. We should probably get back to the common room now." said Ginny. She grabbed Harry's hand and began guiding him back to the tower, but Harry stood completely still and decided to pull her back to where he was. "Ginny wait." Harry said. "What's wrong? Don't you want to go back?" Ginny asked. "I need to tell you something." said Harry nervously. Ginny held her breath for a moment and temporarily forgot where she was thanks to Harry pulling her towards him. She looked into his gorgeous green eyes and started to feel weak at the knees. If Harry wasn't holding her up, she probably would have fallen over. "I just want to say thanks for believing me. I never expected my two best friends to turn on me, but you stood by me. I am forever in your debt, and I promise to thank you as much as I can. You really are a true friend and I'm glad to have you by my side." said Harry. "You don't need to do anything for me, Harry. I am simply doing what any sane normal person would have done. You said it yourself that you didn't enter and I believe you. What more do I need to hear?" Ginny admitted while having a huge smile on her face. Harry took his left hand and innocently grazed Ginny's cheek. Ginny gasped a little and she started to blush at Harry's gesture. "Thanks Ginny." said Harry. Ginny was not trusting her voice, so she decided to nod her head instead. She took Harry's hand once again and the two headed up the stairs. Neither noticed that they continued to hold hands until the Fat Lady came portrait came into view. It seemed like all the Gryffindor students were waiting for Harry on the other side, and he knew it was going to be an uncomfortable moment in the common room. EDITED: 7/11/17