run fast on his small, clumsy paws and he was roughly grabbed by his scruff and lifted high into the air. He whimpered at the man in dark clothes and dark brown eyes. The man held up a long knife like weapon to Sam's neck. Suddenly, a ball of fire struck the man in the face, engulfing the head in flames. Reflexively, the man threw his arms up, sending Sam flying through the air. Teeth closed around his stomach and back in midflight. Akira ran away from the men and burning house, dragging his blazing tails on the ground. Akira performed a half circle as he ran, creating five huge lines of fire due to the dry grass catching easily. Finally, he lifted his tails and shook away the flames. He paused and looked back at the fire surrounded men. One of the men stood at the first line of fire, directly in front of it, presumably the leader of the group. The dirty blond hair and grey eyes told Akira that he wasn't a native, probably hired to kill off the kitsune. However, there was something odd about the man, something . . . animalistic. Demonic. Akira ignored the feeling and carried the little fox away from the small city and towards a large forest that surrounded a mountain. As the trees grew denser, the fox could feel the kit in his mouth start to squirm and whimper. It wasn't a very comfortable way to be carried, but in the midst of all the chaos, the fox did not have the time to readjust his grip. After coming to a clearing and glancing around, Akira set the little kit down. Sam gathered his paws under him and sat on the cold forest floor. He lowered his head and closed his eyes, his ears drooping. "Samuru." The fox wanted his attention. "What?" Sam growled at the fox, baring his teeth. "I mean, thank you, sir, for saving me. I guess you can go now." Sam surrendered, lowering his head again, ears falling. Sam couldn't help but think that whatever had happened to him, fate couldn't deal him anything worse. Sam knew how his life ended. Why couldn't it have stayed ended? The fur around Sam's eyes began to grow damp and he blinked angrily. "Samuru, while I appreciate your gratitude, I cannot leave you in the middle of a forest, just like I couldn't leave you in the streets of a city. That wouldn't be appropriate of me." "Then what do you want to do with me? Just leave me here, I'll be fine on my own." "No, I'm afraid I cannot do that. You are just a kit. You need parents. I would like to take you in myself if that is alright with you." Sam looked up at the larger fox. He wanted to take Sam in? Adopt Sam as his own? Sam had lived nearly three hundred years on his own without paternal care, and while he developed a horrible temper, resentment, a dangerous greed, and made several mistakes, he came out all right. Didn't he? What difference would be having a parent make in his life. Akira said nothing nor did he move. Sam felt a bit uncomfortable with the unwavering stare. He was being given the chance of a family, and whether this was hell, an illusion or not, Sam wanted to take that chance. And perhaps this time around, he could avoid being murdered. "I . . . guess I could try it out." Sam suggested. "Try it out?" Akira asked, amused. "I guess I can work with that. But I'll warn you; once we start 'trying it out' I'm not letting you go." The fox picked Sam up by his scruff. "What? Wait, that's not fair. Then why bother trying it out?" Sam protested, squirming slightly. "I don't know. But I'm rather fond of you. You're feisty and cute." "I'm not cute." "To me, you are. I'll introduce you to my mate and daughter. You are officially a big brother." "What if they don't like me?" Sam asked, trying to look up at the fox but could only glimpse the tip of Akira's nose. "Hush, they'll like you. Now, try and go to sleep, Sa. We have a long journey." Sam relaxed under the scruff hold. He liked the new nickname and figured it was probably inspired by their first encounter. Sam was a bit anxious to meet the vixens in question, but also excited. He yawned and fell asleep to Akira gently rocking him by moving his head side to side slowly and softly. "I'm glad someone found you, Sam. I can't imagine what living on the streets would be like, especially for a child." Severus commented. "You can only shift with no clothes on?" Harry asked. : That's your concern after all that, huh? Sam said. Then the fox snorted. Figures. I believe that is enough story for one night. "No! What happens next? Does his mate like you? How old's his daughter? Do you still live with them?" Harry started asking. "Harry, enough. Sam can tell you more tomorrow night if he wants. Right now, it's bedtime." Severus kissed Harry's forehead and ruffled his son's hair before standing. : I will be delighted to tell you more. However, I must hunt before the night is over. Good night, Harry. "Goodnight Sam. Goodnight Dad." Harry feel asleep as soon as Severus turned the lights out. "Thank you for the story, Sam. For Harry, I mean." Severus told the fox. : He asked. I only answered. If you'd like to hear my story, you are always welcome to join. It's good to reflect. Severus smiled and nodded to the fox before saying good night and making his way to bed. Sam misted into his apparition form and flew through Hogwarts and out into the great Forbidden Forest. I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. Do you think it'd make a good story?