have been nice, don't you think?" Harry nodded against Remus. That would have been nice. Then Severus would have been happy instead of disappointed. "I'm really sorry, Uncle," Harry sniffed. "I know you are, but we still have to take care of you disobeying my order to stay in the corner. You also hid up in a tree for an hour, I couldn't find you, Harry. I didn't know where you were. How do you think I felt?" "I don't know. Scared?" "I was very scared. I was worried you might have run away and someone could have taken you. But you were up in a tree. That's not very safe, is it?" "Dad climbs trees with me sometimes." "I know, I've seen him do so, especially apple trees. But he's with you, Harry, and he picks the strong, young, healthy trees. That tree in my backyard is very old and frail. Any branch could have broken under you. Then you would have been hurt. Or worse." "I'm sorry. I didn't know." "Your behavior overall has been unacceptable today. And if I ever catch you climbing trees in my backyard again, you will not be happy. What you did was very dangerous and disobedient, and I'm afrais I will have to punish you for it." At that, Remus pulled Harry over his lap. Harry buried his head in the couch cushion hating that this would be the first time his uncle had spanked him. He gasped as the first smack stung all over his bottom. He was crying by the time the last sixth smack was placed. Remus pulled him up and hugged him, shushing him. "I'm sorry, Uncle Remus," Harry cried into the man's shirt. "I know, Harry," Remus kissed the top of the boy's head. After several long minutes, Harry had stopped sniffling and was simply enjoying the embrace. "Now, I believe I owe you a couple of hugs. One from me," Remus pulled Harry tighter into his arms. "And one from Daddy," Remus squeezed Harry even more and kissed his cheeks repeatedly. Harry laughed and tried to squirm out of Remus's grip. "Are you ready for some dinner?" Remus asked. Harry smiled and nodded, rubbing the last tear tracks on his cheeks away. After eating dinner and an ice cream dessert, Whisker was returned to Harry and Remus read a story to him before kissing him goodnight. The next day went perfectly. Without any tantrums from Harry, Remus didn't have to worry about punishing him or confiscating toys and played a few games outside with Harry. He taught Harry how to play soccer and Harry enjoyed scoring goals. After lunch, Harry and Remus baked chocolate chip cookies the right way (apparently, Uncle Remus did have chocolate chips). Harry enjoyed baking with someone more than baking alone. When Harry's hands were all powder covered, he reached for Remus's face to get some powder on him, too. He finally succeeded when Remus gave up on baking away. However, Remus powdered his own hands and held Harry's face as he gave him a kiss on the forehead. After cleaning up and waiting for the cookies to bake, Harry and Remus enjoyed munching on warm cookies while watching E.T. the extra-terrestrial. Harry was just finishing up with packing when he heard the floo flare and his father's voice talking to Remus. Harry ran out of the bedroom and down the stairs as fast as he could. "Daddy!" Harry screamed as Severus appeared in his sight. Severus smiled and expectantly caught Harry in his arms and spun him before resting him on his hip, kissing his cheek. "I'd ask you if you missed me but I think I already know the answer," Severus smiled, resting his forehead against Harry's. "I did, Daddy," Harry confirmed. "Would you like to see that surprise, now?" Severus asked setting Harry back down on his feet. "I have a surprise for you, too! It's upstairs, I'll just go . . ." "I got it, Harry," Remus wordlessly summoned the art project and gave it to Harry, who smiled shyly at Severus as he handed it over. Severus accepted the gift and studied it from all angles, smiling. "It's a cauldron with a potion inside," Harry explained. "So I see," Severus said. "Did you make it?" Harry nodded, asking "do you like it?" "I love it," Severus kneeled and pulled Harry into an embrace. "Thank you, son." Harry returned the hug happily since he missed his father's warm embraces. "And now, my gift," Severus stayed kneeling, as he set the cauldron down and pulled something round out of his robes. He handed it to Harry. Harry looked down at the snow globe. Inside was a hippogriff on a cliff surrounded by water. "Shake it, son." Harry shook the snow globe and watched amazed as the hippogriff flew off the cliff and glided above the peaceful water, allowing a single claw to dip in the water and create a ripple trail. The hippogriff returned to the cliff and all became still. "Thank you, Daddy!" Harry hugged Severus once more. "It's amazing!" "Say goodbye to Uncle Remus," Severus said after they released once more. Severus stood to his feet and summoned Harry's packed bag, checking to make sure the boy had everything. "I'll miss you, Harry," Remus said, kissing Harry's head as the boy squeezed the life out of him. "I'll miss you, too," Harry admitted. "Love you." "I love you, too." Harry left with his father and returned to their quarters at Hogwarts. What an exciting weekend, Harry couldn't help but think. He had caused more mischief at his Uncle's than he had all year at school. It looked like he needed to spark things up at Hogwarts. He smirked as he thought about the trouble he could get into that would drive his father crazy. Oh, how he missed his father. I hope you enjoyed the one-shot. Please review and tell me what you thought of Harry's weekend.