Her. Barty pressed his forehead to hers, the aches in his bent knees grounding him into reality as he looked into the silvery-blue eyes that had captured his soul. I would give it to you again if I could . He was unable to speak his thoughts into words yet again. If he followed her now, then she would always be there. If he walked away, she would always be there too, but then only another memory to haunt him. He had never given into someone willingly before. It had always been a forced act even when it appeared to be of his own free will. This is the moment to chose. Barty turned his head to place a kiss on the palm of her hand, watching Luna closely as he kissed her again on her wrist. She still didn't move, standing as if she was made of stone and watched him with those silvery-blue eyes that both haunted and delighted him. He kissed her again, this time a hot, open-mouthed kiss to her forearm and again in the crook of her elbow. Barty continued to kiss his way up her arm to her shoulder where he took his time tasting her skin and caressing her hips with his thumbs as he held gently moved them to press her against the uncharred side of the tree, letting the trunk support her weight as he continued to put into each touch the words that he felt unable to say. When he pulled back look at her, he saw her face twisted in emotions he was too tired to try and interpret. Barty placed another kiss at the base of her neck followed by light nibbles up her ear. "I might hate you still," he whispered and felt her move at last. Luna's shoulders sagged, her head bowing and he felt her shaking with a slight tremor all over. She still cares what I think of her. I still care. Another more familiar thought followed quickly after, this time with none of the venom of before, replaced instead with a foreign but true affection. What has she done to me? Barty used one arm to steady himself against her and his other hand lifted her chin with a gentleness that seemed to belong only in their shared dreams. "But clearly there was something more there. You can give it back to me, can't you? I can still feel that you are powerful. You can use your magic to put it back. To let me feel again..." "Is this what you call not feeling?" Luna reached for him at last then, lips colliding in a kiss more intimate and passionate than any they had shared before. In that kiss, as their tongues danced and breath mingled, he felt her mind open back up to him again as it had before. There was a vision she was sharing, one of her older and more regal than the girl in his arms. She was looking over the same plot of land, only Hogwarts was intact again below her. As the kiss continued along with the vision, Barty felt a jolt of surprise as he saw a man come to stand by her side. Not behind her or moving against her, but beside her as a true partner on equal footing to a woman whose compassion, power and desire to create a better world was clear in how she gazed out beyond her with a soft smile. He moaned into the kiss and as the vision continued, he felt Luna open up to him even more. They were back to watching the couple on the hillside as the other Luna held out her hand and he saw at last who the man was beside her. Two hands connected, fingers entwining as the vision faded away. Slowly, they pulled away from their passion, lips swollen. Dark eyes met light in a shared understanding. When at last Luna spoke again, her voice echoed in his mind as well as his ears. "I broke the bond but I'm still here if you chose to join with me." I have a choice. It was a powerful thought that he hadn't before understood. Of course, as infuriating as it was he knew that she had been right all along. Choosing to participate rather than being pulled in by those more powerful than him was not an action he had taken before. It had left Barty twisted up inside, a madness he was infamous for, until the tiny blonde looking back at him had soothed most of his frayed edges down. What was left was the right amount of danger and darkness that Luna would need if she continued down the path she was on. To feel needed was powerful but to feel wanted was even greater. Barty grinned wickedly as he reached again for his witch, her small hands nestling easily into his as he pulled her gently away from the craggy oak. "Oh, little Luna, you will make the world tremble at your feet...and I'll teach you how to do it." She was beaming at him and it felt like her magic had hummed over his own, only different. He wiped away a stray tear, feeling a jolt of new compassion as she kissed his thumb. I can be devoted to her still. In a new way. In a new life. Hands still entwined, Luna looked up at him with a raised eyebrow. "Are you ready, Barty?" His answer came with another grin, stretching across his face as they prepared to Apparate away together. There were people to find, pieces to be put back together and a new, more powerful witch to re-introduce to those who thought they had won the war. "Ready, little Luna. I never cared much for those frilly ideas of soulmates and one true love shit anyway. Let's go claim your throne." Thank you! Please, please review and let me know what you thought of this!