that no other clothing ever had. The shirt, spotless white and perfectly smooth, fitted to his chest with gold, polished buttons. An equally white bowtie fastened around his neck, straightened with absolute precision. His black tailcoat hung fittingly from his frame, highlighting his slim waist and moderately broad shoulders. Holes were seamed in the back of his shirt and jacket to allow for his wings to sit comfortably on his back as they now did. They gleamed with a clean sheen after he had labored tirelessly to straighten the feathers, moaning consistently at how good it felt to touch his feathers. One thing no one told him about Veela was the sensitivity of his wings. Well, and his newly developed carnivorous habits, he supposed. His black shoes were so polished that he suspected he could see his reflection in them. He specifically requested for them to be made from imported Italian leather. He was quite impressed with his appearance, but then, he supposed that was a good thing considering that night was the welcoming ball that the Neighborhood was throwing for him. According to Comite Weasley, it was traditional for Supra Neighborhoods to have an elaborate welcoming toast for any new member of the Neighborhood. However, the Summi Susurro always welcomed newcomers with a ball along with the toast. He apparently invited not only the members of the Neighborhood, but all Magicis Creatura. According to legend, all Susurro met as many Magicis Creatura as possible in an attempt to find their mate. He supposed the feast would do that. It still surprised him that the Summi Susurro had not found his mate yet. One would think that the Magicis Creatura would be falling all over themselves in hopes of being the mate to the most powerful man in Europe—possibly even the world. Then again, he supposed the Summi Susurro was a private man. Perhaps they were falling all over themselves, and he would not allow them to meet him. Draco couldn't think of why the man would not welcome any chance to look for his mate, but he knew the man must have his reasons. He was not the protector of both humans and magical creatures for nothing. Perhaps, for whatever reason, he did not want a mate. Draco shook himself, allowing his thoughts of the Summi Susurro to dissipate in anticipation for the coming event. He supposed that he was excited, but nervousness eclipsed any other emotion that might accompany his attendance of the ball. He had received the invitation the day of his arrival, the letter coming directly from the Summi Susurro himself. Or, well, Draco supposed it was probably one of his Comites that actually sent it. Still, it was signed by the man. Initially, Draco thought of turning down the invitation purely on the principle of nerves. He had no idea how to act in front of a crowd of Supra who has almost all lived and thrived in this Supra Neighborhood for generations. Only six others had immigrated from other Neighborhoods, and even they had come from other Supra Neighborhoods. The Malfoys were the only family in this Neighborhood to have ever lived in Infra Neighborhoods. In fact, they were the only family in this Neighborhood to have ever had any Infra in their family line. All the other families knew how to behave, what gifts to give, what to say, and what the traditional social cues were. All the other families had attended celebrations with the Summi Susurro previously. They all knew what he was like, what he expected, how he acted, and what to say to him. The Malfoys would be out of place, unaware, and completely uncomfortable. When he had presented this idea to Comite Gregory, the boy laughed and told him that that was what a welcoming ball was intended to do. It was to teach him the customs and expectations of the Neighborhood. He was not expected to know all of that before the ball. "The Summi Susurro will teach you," the Comite had said. It was not reassuring. "You look splendid, Magister," Comite Gregory complimented him, bowing before him in the mirror. "That is all thanks to you, Comite Gregory. Merlin knows I would not be able to dress myself this well," Draco smiled pleasantly. He and his personal Comite had gotten along quite well in the week since the Malfoys moved into the Supra Neighborhood. He found that the boy, the same age as himself, shared an interest in similar activities such as reading and baking. The Comite's second language was French, and Draco found himself learning the language from the boy. Overall, his presence was much more enjoyable than the Infra Draco had known in his previous Neighborhood. Still, it was a bit disappointing to know that Comite Gregory was probably only friends with him because he had to be. After all, it was well within Draco's right to reassign the whole Goyle family to a family in an Infra Neighborhood, where they were not allowed the same luxuries as they were in a Supra Neighborhood. "I doubt that, Magister. I am sure that you could easily select an outfit as grand as this," Comite Goyle spoke reassuringly. Draco nodded absently, his wings shuffling as he mentally reviewed what he would say to the Summi Susurro when he met him. Hi, my name is —- no, you berk. You can't just say 'hi' like he's some kind of plebeian. And he already knows your name. Your Grace, it is my honor to address you as—no, what does that even mean? Draco, you idiot, he's the Summi Susurro. You don't address him as anything but Summi Susurro. Summi Susurro, I humble myself— Draco's thoughts were interrupted by the voice of Comite Hannah Abbott, "Magicis Creatura Malfoy, the stagecoach is prepared. Supra Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy await you in the coach." "Thank you, Comite. And thank you, Comite Gregory. Your assistance is most appreciated." "It is my honor, Magister."