smiled, regardless of the feeling of disappointment. He wished Harry would finally say Daddy. But he wouldn't let that feeling ruin today. It had been so much fun. He'd let it ruin tomorrow. And ruin tomorrow, it did. "Just say Daddy, Harry," Severus encouraged. Harry was still in a good mood from yesterday, but the boy was no closer to uttering anything that resembled Daddy. "It's not that hard." "Babababagagaga," Harry babbled in his highchair. "Da-da," Severus tried. "Da-da-da." Harry started blowing raspberries, drooling down his chin. "Pa-pa?" Severus tried. "Can you say pa-pa?" Harry kept blowing raspberries. "Give something a try!" Severus exasperated. "Papa, dada, daddy, something!" "Ah!" Harry cooed, watching an owl fly into the room with the mail. Severus dropped his head on the dining table. "You're killing me, son." The owl dropped the mail at Severus's head before flying away. Severus lifted his head and rummaged through the mail. There was a monthly Potions journal, bills on the house, and more mail from Lily's Healer. She had been getting more of those lately, but as it was her mail and confidential, he didn't open them. He set the mail aside and looked back at Harry. "Babababababababa," Harry kept baaing for whatever reason. Severus sighed and picked Harry up to dress him in clothes for the day. He let Harry scoot around the living room as he read the Daily Prophet. After a few minutes, Harry was crying. Severus was on his feet, checking Harry's diaper, but that wasn't the problem. Harry had just finished a bottle and had tried some yogurt – he couldn't possibly be hungry. Severus remembered Harry's teething problem and looked in Harry's mouth. Definitely irritation. Severus thought about what to do, trying hard to block out Harry's screaming. An old trick hit him and he ran to the kitchen to find a spoon. Waving his wand, he chilled the spoon and brought it out to Harry. Harry refused to take it at first, so Severus gently stuck the spoon in Harry's mouth. Instantly, Harry latched on to it. But Severus knew the chilled spell would only last so long, especially with a warm mouth sucking on it. Severus tried to think of anything he might have for babies. Pain killers wouldn't do, Harry was just too small for those kinds of potions. There may have been something muggle out there, but Severus wasn't familiar with anything. Would anything in his stock supply help? An ingredient of some sort? He had clove plants . . . Severus placed a monitor on Harry that would alarm if Harry moved more than three feet from where he was. Severus ran down to his lab and searched his stock for the clove plants. He found them and quickly brought them upstairs. He threw the stalks and leaves into the blender and started blending them. Clove plants were known for their antiseptic, analgesic, antibacterial, and local anesthetic properties. After a minute, Severus added water to his mixture and let it blend some more. Then, using a strainer, he extracted the liquid from the mixture and added a few drops of an anti-inflammatory potion to it, mixing it with a spoon. He used the same spell to chill the mixture as he did with the spoon. And just in time, too, for Harry had thrown the spoon across the floor and started crying again. Severus quickly dipped his finger in the mixture and rubbed it on Harry's gums. That was tricky, as Harry tore his head away repeatedly, but Severus managed to massage a good amount of the mixture on Harry's upper and lower gums. Harry slowly stopped crying as the new mixture took effect. Severus smiled. He would have to make more of that mixture. He was getting rather good at this parent thing. Even though Harry refused to acknowledge him, he was still the most adorable thing in the world. Even during stinky nappy changes. Severus heard the floo flare and he lifted Harry to see Lily arrive home. "Where are my boys?" Lily's voice rang through the house. "We're coming, Severus called as he moved down the stairs, bouncing Harry on his hip. "There they are!" Lily smiled. She held her arms out to Harry, but Severus pulled him back. "Wait a second!" Severus exclaimed. "Shouldn't I get my hellos first?" "You're not a baby, Sev," Lily said, but she wrapped her arms around Severus's neck. "Well, you wouldn't have this one without me," Severus smirked, leaning down to kiss Lily's lips. "Now let me see my baby," Lily demanded when they pulled apart. "Our baby," Severus corrected, handing Harry over to Lily, who immediately started babbling "mamamama." Severus snorted. "How was your vacation?" "It was so wonderful, Sev, thank you so much." Severus smiled at her, "It was the least I could do." "And how's my little Harry?" Lily cooed at Harry who smiled at her. "Did you have fun with Daddy?" Harry blew a raspberry at his mother, laughing as he did so. "And did you manage fine, Severus?" Lily asked. "I've learned a lot," Severus admitted. "But I think I'm getting the hang of this parenting thing. I say you can take as many vacations as you want; I can handle Harry while you're away." "That's a sweet offer, but I'll pass. I think I'm good for a while now. Did you ever get him to say Daddy?" "Sadly, no." "Aww, it was worth a shot," Lily said turning away to grab her bag off the floor. "But I bet you still had fun, didn't you, Harry. Did you miss Mummy?" "Dada," Harry smiled. "Yes!' Severus jumped up, fists in the air. He took Harry from Lily and held him high in the air, spinning him around, earning loud giggles and shrieks of laughter. "Yes! That's my boy!" Lily rolled her eyes, brushing back her red hair as he watched her two boys celebrate. I hope you liked it! Remember to review!