to ask him another question. "Can I see the scar?" I asked. He lifted up part of his fringe to reveal the lightning bolt scar on his forehead. I gasped slightly at seeing it but turned my attention back to what Harry was saying. "It's ok. I'm all new to this and I was never told about my heritage or parents while growing up. It's rather strange to adapt to all of this since I've been in the ... what is it called? ... "Muggle World" for so long." said an unsure Harry. I nodded and laughed a bit at his insecurity. "Why am I acting this way? I'm never like this around anyone! When I'm with Harry though, I just can't help it. Maybe it's just because I've met the hero of my dreams and he's right in front of me. Yeah that's probably it. I've got to stop being so bubbly around him or I'll probably scare him away." I thought. Thankfully my family was not around here to see me acting strange. My mother, father, and brothers were all heading towards the train and I suppose they forgot about me momentarily. This was completely fine with me because it meant I got to spend more time with Harry. "Hey Ginny are you going to Hogwarts too? I want to hang out with my new friend some more. Maybe you can teach me all about this strange new world to me?" Harry asked. "He wants me to teach him? Me? Plain Ginny Weasley?! I'm in heaven right? Yes this is definitely heaven ... Oh no I'm not going to Hogwarts this year so what should I say? I don't want to lose him as a potential friend, but I dont know what to say to him! I guess the only thing to do is to admit the truth." I thought. "I'm sorry but I'm not old enough to go to Hogwarts yet Harry." I said with a downcast look. Harry's face frowned and the saddening look he was giving me was tearing me up inside. I didn't want to hurt his feelings, but I had no choice to tell him the truth. Fortunately, things seemed to work out. "Can I write to you?" Harry asked. "I know we just met but I was serious about you being my first friend and I don't want to go without you. I was hoping by writing it wouldn't be as bad and I can send letters as often as I can." I swear I smiled so big that my face hurt. "Yes! Yes you may write to me!" I nearly shouted with joy. Just then the sound of the train's engine started to wail. The sudden noise caught both of our attentions and we realized our time was running out. He looked at the train and stared at it for a moment with such despair. I wish I could have gotten more time with Harry because he seemed so nice and friendly. Plus if he wanted to be friends with me I was not going to deny his request. Harry looked back at me again and his face lit up once more. "I guess I have to go now. I'm glad we're friends though." said Harry. He then gave me a hug that I quickly returned to him. "I'll miss you Ginny." Harry whispered to me. "I'll miss you too Harry." I stated while whispering in his ear. I unfortunately had to let go of him as he had to go to Hogwarts. He turned away and began heading towards the train, but I followed behind to make it seem like I was with my family the entire time. As someone from the luggage compartment came and took Harry's things, I saw him get on the train and wave goodbye to me. I waved back with another huge smile on my face. Unfortunately he then turned and headed into a compartment that was out of my sight range. Right near me I could hear my mother shouting at my brothers asked if they were going to behave this year. Yeah right! That's like telling Percy to stop following the rules and lose some points for Gryffindor. I do hope that Ron writes back to me though, but I was not as concerned about him leaving as someone else I had just met. The train started pulling away and before I realized what had happened, Harry poked his head out of one of the windows and began waving at me again. I started chasing after the train whilst looking at him. Unfortunately my legs were not able to keep up and I had to stop and wave back with some tears in my eyes. I really am going to miss Harry. I only hope he writes to me because I really wanted to get to know him too. "Don't worry Ginny. I am sure your brothers will return for Christmas and that's only a few months away." said Mum. Thankfully she didn't notice that I was with Harry the entire time and I completely forgot to say goodbye to my brothers. So I decided to play along for now and not let her know I met a boy instead. "I know mum. It's just going to be hard now that Ron is gone." I said. It wasn't a complete lie. I really was going to miss Ron. "Try not to fret on it dear. This year will go by in a flash and then you'll be off to Hogwarts as well! Now come on let's go home. Your father has the day off so we can do whatever you like today okay?" Mum said. That sounded nice to me. I'm glad that dad had some time off today because I never really get to see him with his long hours at the ministry. I nodded to mum and then the three of us went back to the burrow via portkey. EDITED: 7/9/17