"How about some lunch? Can you say 'spaghetti?'" Sirius hoped that taking Harry's mind off the new words and on something that had meaning to Harry would make the boy forget them. "Spaghetti," Harry smiled. "Yum yum." "Yes, yum yum." Sirius was relieved to not hear an obscenity. Sirius finished changing Harry and set him up at the table in his booster seat. Sirius warmed up some spaghetti and placed a child friendly bowl in front of Harry. Lunch was messy for Harry, who ended up with spaghetti sauce all over him. After Harry ate his fill, the bowl of spaghetti ended up on Harry's head, noodles falling on his face and sticking in his hair. "Bloody hell!" Harry screamed loudly as he pushed the bowl down on his head. "Harry, that's not a nice thing to say," Sirius said as he removed the bowl and cast a cleaning charm on Harry with his wand. "It's naughty, very naughty." "Bloody hell naughty," Harry said. "Bad word." "Yes, it's a bad word." "Bad word." Harry repeated. "Shit bad word too?" "Yes." "Daddy not like bad word." "I'm sure he doesn't, so don't say them." "I want my cup!" Harry exclaimed. "I want milk." Sirius sighed, hoping Harry would forget about the words. "How do you ask for things?" "Please." "I think it's naptime," Sirius said, hoping that Harry would wake up with no memory of the words. He found Harry's sippy cup and filled it with milk and placed a drop of the calming draught in it. He gave the cup to Harry and lifted him out of the booster seat. He found a book on the floor and placed Harry in his lap to read it, sitting in the armchair. "No," Harry took the book from Sirius. "Down." Sighing, Sirius put Harry down and let him toddle away. Harry picked up a different book off the floor, dropping the other one, and walked back to Sirius. "Up, up." Sirius lifted him. "Read this book." Sirius looked at the title, The Alphabet and Numbers . How exciting. Sighing, Sirius opened the book and began, "The letter A. Apple. Ant . . ." "I want my teddy bunny bear!" Harry shouted as he sipped on the milk. "Okay, I'll go get it," Sirius said as he placed Harry in the seat and went upstairs to grab this teddy bunny bear thing. Remembering where Severus said it was, he found it in the boy's crib. It was a large stuffed rabbit, purple in color. Sirius returned downstairs and gave Harry the stuffed animal and placed Harry in his lap once more. "Let's keep reading," Sirius continued through the book, though it was very boring in his opinion. As he got to F, Harry, whose eyes were starting to drop, spoke up. "Shit bad word?" he said in a questioning tone. "Yes, Harry," Sirius answered, hoping that this would be the last conversation he had about the words. "it's a very bad word. You can't say it, okay?" "Bloody hell bad word, too?" "Yes, that one too. You can't use those words. So, don't say them around your father, okay?" "Okay, they bad word. Me good boy. Where my blankie." Sirius laid Harry on the couch and covered him up with the small, green blanket. "Night night?" Harry looked up at Sirius with tired eyes. "Well, not quite," Sirius answered. "Just naptime." "Me love Uncle Sirius," Harry said, closing his eyes. Sirius smiled softly at Harry. "I love you, too, tiger cub." Sirius placed a kiss on Harry's cheek. Harry fell asleep fairly quickly, his stuffed rabbit in his arms and his thumb finding its way in his mouth. Sirius left Harry there and finished reading the daily prophet, though he kept thinking about how Severus was going to react if Harry ever used those words around him. The man would kill him and then he'd never be allowed to speak around Harry again. For about an hour and a half, Sirius just sat at the kitchen table, reading and sipping tea, fretting over how he was going to explain his slip in his language around a toddler in his mockingbird phase. The floo flared and he heard Severus's footsteps in the room. Sighing, Sirius stood and walked back to the living room. He saw Severus staring down at a slowly waking up Harry, a smile on his face. Harry yawned and looked up at Severus. "Daddy," Harry said sleepily, lifting his arms up. "Up, up." "Hey, Sleepyhead," Severus lifted Harry to his hip. "Did you have fun with Uncle Sirius?" "Me have fun," Harry rubbed at his eyes. "Miss Daddy." Sirius figured he should make his escape now. He walked across the floor and towards the floo. "Was he good for you, Sirius?" Severus asked him upon noticing him. "Oh, yes," Sirius answered. "An angel. I have to meet with Remus so I'm going to take my leave now and I'll see you around." "Thank you for watching him," Severus said, swaying slightly in a rocking motion as Harry rested his head on his father's shoulder. "I owe you one. Maybe head out for a drink some night?" "Sounds good," Sirius said, his hand itching to reach for the floo powder. "Say bye-bye Harry," Severus said. "Uncle Siri bye-bye?" Harry looked up at Sirius and as if he remembered something, he looked at Severus. "Daddy, bloody hell bad word." Severus blinked and looked at Harry, frowning slightly. "Excuse me? What did you say, Harry?" Severus asked. "Well, goodbye Severus. Bye Harry," Sirius grabbed a handful of floo powder and stepped up to the fireplace. "Shit bad word, too," Harry told his father. Severus's eyes widened and his mouth dropped. "Sirius Black!" The man shouted angrily. "12 Grimmauld Place, living room!" Sirius shouted. And he was gone. Thank you for reading! Please review and tell me what you think. And, of course, if you have any ideas you'd like to see in a one-shot.