one? Did you go back into the closet?" "While you were sleeping," Harry admitted quietly. Severus stood up tall and shook his head at Harry. "Clearly, I need to start locking my closets," Severus said. He sounded so disappointed. More tears fell from Harry's eyes at that tone. "I'm sorry," Harry said. "I just wanted to have fun and be their friend." "Harry, I'm sure the twins would have befriended you whether you got the ingredients or not. And you shouldn't have, anyway, to brew outside a lab is illegal. And it's against school rules. What if something had gone wrong during the process? They could have been hurt. What if they got bit by the leech?" Harry could relate to the latter statement. He rubbed at his hand in memory. "And besides that, you stole from me, son. How can I trust you to never do that again? How can I trust you around my lab at all?" "You can," Harry said. His dad didn't trust him near his lab anymore? Harry had worked hard to behave well in his father's lab so he could help his dad with potions and now he had ruined it. "I won't do it again, I promise." "We'll have to wait and see if you stick to that promise," Severus said. "Until then, I can't trust you to be in my lab with me. You are not allowed to help me brew or enter my lab until further notice." "But, Dad," Harry cried. "And you can consider yourself grounded," Severus continued, "for two weeks. No flying, biking or coloring. You may read only books that associate with your homework, but that is it." Harry covered his eyes with his hand and cried, resting his elbows on his knees. He had lost his father's trust with the lab and was not allowed near it, he couldn't fly, bike, or color for two weeks, and he could only do homework in that time. His father was very disappointed in him and Harry had no idea how to make it up. "I'm sorry," Harry wept. "I'm sure you are," Severus said, "But what you did was serious, Harry. I still can't believe you stole from my lab. You are never to steal my ingredients again and you certainly are not allowed to give them to the Weasleys. And I do not want you slipping potions into people's drinks, you don't know if someone could be allergic to the ingredients. Or have a bad reaction to the potion, not to mention the public humiliation." Harry wiped at his eyes as the tears began to sting. He hadn't thought about that. He had been caught up in the fun with Fred and George, he didn't really think about anyone else's safety. He looked up at his father, the man blurry from his tears. "I'm really, really sorry," he said. "I didn't want to hurt anyone." "Come here," Severus dropped to one knee, opened his arms and Harry ran into them. He rested his head on his father's shoulder as the man wrapped his arms around him. "I know you never meant any harm, but you have to think about the dangers of what you are doing." "I'll never do it again," Harry said. "I hope not," Severus rubbed his son's back before reaching down and swatting the boy hard twice. "Ow! Daddy!" "Let that be a reminder to you. I expect you to listen these next two weeks." "I will. Will you ever trust me to go in your lab, again? I love helping you." "I'm sure if you behave and listen to me, you'll earn that trust back sooner than you think." Harry wrapped his arms around his father's neck, happy to hear that he hadn't ruined everything. He closed his eyes and felt tired from all the crying and the busy day he had had. "Let's get you ready for bed," Severus said, scooping his son up and carrying him to his room. "It's been a long day, hasn't it?" Harry nodded into his father's shoulder. "Love you, Daddy." "Love you, too, son." Severus gave Harry a quick kiss as he entered his son's room. "Sorry to hear that, Harry," Fred said. "We got detention from our head of house for brewing the potion and involving you. One week's worth." "We don't mind detentions," George said. "It gives us time to think up our next prank." Harry smiled at the twins. He was glad they were understanding. He wasn't really supposed to be talking to them, though, considering he was grounded. He had run into them while he was walking from his lessons to his father's office. Remus had enjoyed the story of Harry's and the twins' prank, though his uncle did agree with Severus about the outside potion brewing, but he laughed at the idea of a babbling Severus Snape. "Well, I better get to my dad's office," Harry said. "He's expecting me." "See you around, Harry!" Fred said. "And when you're no longer grounded, come find us!" George added. Harry smiled then ran the rest of the way to his father's office. He definitely would track the twins down when he was off restriction. Severus looked up from his desk as Harry entered the room. He looked at the time. "Cutting it a bit close, are we?" Severus asked. "The twins stopped me in the hall," Harry said. "They wanted to make sure I was alive and really me and not some ghost. They were concerned when you dragged me out of the hall." "Naturally," Severus smirked. "I'd be concerned if they hadn't been." "They're good friends," Harry said. "But troublemakers," Severus stated. "Try not to get involved with everything they do, or you'll find yourself in trouble as often as they do." "Don't I already?" Harry smirked at his father's stern look. I hope it was okay. Please tell me what you thought and if you have any suggestions for any other one-shots.