Dumbledore's defense; neither wizard supported her either. Deciding she wasn't going to be able to figure out their odd behavior, she closed her eyes and let sleep overtake her. "Alohamora," the whispered spell and the clicking of the lock woke Hermione several hours later. Instinctively, she moved further back onto the bed and picked up the closest object she could find, the lamp from the bedside table, in preparation to fight off the late night visitor if need be. She let out a relieved breath upon realizing it was Neville and Luna quietly entering the room. "Hermione," the blonde witch whispered, "quickly, you have to come with us." She barely had time to register what was happening before she was pulled onto her feet and out of the room. Neville brought a finger to his lips before walking several steps ahead of them and peaking around the corner. When he signaled that the path was clear the girls quietly followed close behind him. This process was repeated several times until they were standing outside a bedroom door a floor down from where Hermione had been locked up. Stepping forward, Luna quietly knocked on the door in a noticeable pattern. Knock, Knock Knock, Knock, Knock Knock Knock. A moment later the door was pulled open, and a very frazzled looking Bill was ushering them inside. "Merlin, what took you guys so long?" he questioned as he set to work warding and silencing the room. "Dumbledore had a few more protections in place that we had expected," Neville sheepishly rubbed the back of his neck, "I knew you should have been the one to break her out." "That wouldn't have worked Neville," for the first time Hermione noticed Ginny sitting on the edge of the bed with Fleur. "Hermione knows she can trust you. She might have questioned Bill. There wasn't time to explain until you got in here," the small witch reasoned. In no time at all, she was across the room and had her arms thrown around her pregnant friend. "We don't trust that Dumbledore won't go ahead and do what he thinks is best. It's not safe for you or your baby here. We have put together a pack for you; it has a few supplies and as much Muggle money as we could get our hands on. The plan is for you to floo from her to Remus and Tonks' home. Tomorrow they'll take you to the train, and you can get out of here." "You guys all did this for me?" tears were streaming down her face as Hermione looked around the room. "How can I ever repay you?" "Bring that baby back for us to spoil once the war is over," Ginny's watery smile just caused Hermione to break down into another round of sobs. She quickly made her way around the room, hugging and thanking each person who had stood up for her choice and helped her save the life of her baby. When she made it to Luna, the blonde witch spoke before she had a chance. "Here, you might need this," she held out the familiar vinewood wand. "Hermione, remember to let others help you, even if you aren't sure why they want to. You have more allies than you realize." Before she could think about the words, she was being pushed toward the fireplace and on her way away from the few friends she had left in the world. Tonks was waiting when she arrived in the small living room of the Lupin home. The other woman embraced her, and the two girls talked for a few minutes about Hermione's plans now that she had to stay off of the Order's radar. When she noticed her guest yawning Tonks showed her to the small guest room she'd be staying in for the night, and said good night after explaining she'd be in the next room over should Hermione need anything. Not long after she had fallen asleep, Hermione felt herself being gently shaken awake. "Professor?" she asked while wiping the sleep from her eyes. "I'm sorry to wake you," Lupin gave her a gentle smile, "We just received a Patronus from Kingsley asking that we assist in trying to find you. It'd look suspicious if we didn't help. We shouldn't be gone long, and you are more than welcome to anything in the house while we are gone. I'll let you know when we are back. Get some sleep." "Thank you," she smiled at him before yawning. She was back to sleep before he had even closed the door. Hermione found herself once again awake a few hours later, this time she was in need of something to settle her stomach. Just as she was reaching for the door, she heard a sound coming from the kitchen. Gripping her wand tighter, she silently opened the door and made her way into the kitchen. Seeing the room empty her eyebrows drew together in confusion. "Remus? Tonks?" she paused to listen for a response. When none came, she strode over to the small stove to pick up the kettle. Feeling eyes on her, she paused. "Hello, Kitten." The moment she felt her wand leave her hand Hermione's head sank in defeat. "Please don't do this Sirius. Please," begging was her last hope," you don't have to take me back. We can pretend you never saw me. I will leave, and you'll never hear from me again. I promise, I don't want to make trouble, I only want to be free to have and raise my baby." Her hand moved over her stomach defensively, "Please just let me have my family," she finally said barely above a whisper. "I'm sorry, Kitten," his voice shook with emotion as he raised his wand, "I really am, but this is about more than you or your baby." Just as she was about to ask what he meant she heard one more whispered word, "Stupefy," and everything went black.