to Arthur Weasley as he slipped passed them at the room's entrance. "Many thanks for your arrangement of that lecture. He was a gracious host and it was a welcome break after three months living in my tent. I even managed to do some exploring in the area for pukwudgies, never saw one though I did manage to find a handful of their quills near a burial mound not too far from the school. "Speaking of," he paused dramatically, taking a moment to dart his eyes around as if he held a sacred secret, winking at a few others who had noticed the two friends standing off to the side. Rolf would get the attention of the whole room soon but this was important to do first, to make Cuddy feel special and set apart from the others. "I come bearing gifts for your growing collection." The portly wizard clapped his hands together eagerly, "Oh that's splendid! Most generous of you indeed, my boy." It was all part of the play. Cuddy would pretend he hadn't shelled out loads of galleons to pay for his recent trip and that he hadn't arranged this entire evening for Rolf to come and take their minds off the day to day stress of working with the Ministry, especially a Ministry being controlled by brutes. He had worried if this year it would be appropriate to play these games, voicing those concerns via letter to his mentor back home but as Cuddy put it, even the stress of war becomes boring when you trapped in the same routine. "We need a fun adventure," he had written back to Rolf. "Come put on your best show yet and I promise to make it worth your while!" After slipping his mentor the first of his gifts, a collection of arrowheads from the tribes around the American wizarding school, Rolf walked slowly around the room taking his time to greet each of the other members personally while sharing stories of his time overseas that grew more exciting with each one he started. To Dirk Cresswell, he shared a tale about the strangely formed sprite he had chased for almost an hour before falling into a pit of quicksand in Florida. Cornelius had laughed so hard at his impression of the big horn sheep sparring in the Rocky Mountains, he snorted champagne up his nose. Even the newest member, Kenneth Towler, had gasped in awe when Rolf displayed the plaster casts of possible Bigfoot tracks from the Pacific coast of America. At his announcement that he would be leaving his position at the Ministry to work privately for himself, the other wizards had given him their own gift. Each had contributed what they could in order to offer Rolf a supporting fund of close to 1,000 galleons. It had made his throat feel a bit too tight in knowing everyone there seemed to understand his need to be away from Britain at this time. His fears of being called a coward settled down at the support being offered. Even Arthur Weasley, who Rolf had had many an argument with about civic duties shook his hand fondly at the evening's end and wished him luck. Each guest left the estate feeling full and bit too drunk, with armfuls of gifts and hidden artifacts. It was all and all a night of pleasurable distraction for The Grand Order of Sunderland, his host seemed most pleased by the success of the party. Cuddy was draped across his settee, the wide expanse of his belly puffed more from the festivities, his wheezy laugh slowly dying down as each wizard bid good night one by one until it was just the two of them, mentor and mentee left in the now quiet room. "You've made me proud, my boy. These years we've worked together, seen you grow up since you came to my office barely out of Hogwarts and here you are, a grown man at oh, what 30 years? Ah, Rolf, you have your whole life ahead of you, you know. Wouldn't trade those memories of you reading everything in my library and pestering me with questions for all the mermaids in the sea!" Rolf chuckled, "High price for those memories, you flatter me." They paused for a moment, watching the dishes move stack themselves for cleaning from the spell Rolf had cast moments before. "We will need the distractions of thrills and discoveries even more in these darkening times," Cuddy began in more solemn tone. "Perhaps it's a foolish thing to hold so dear...ah, but it's what I have to look forward to. I've been wanting to set out myself, too damn old for what's to come. I know it." Sitting upright, he looked over at Rolf, meeting the younger wizard's hazel eyes. "I've already set my account for you... 3,000 galleons and upgrade to that sailboat of yours. Add that to what the others gave tonight and you shouldn't have to return here for many years. I only ask that you write back often and give us the very spirit of your travels. Oh, and don't die at the end of a wizard's wand, I'd rather you die from falling off some jagged cliff than die here for the sake of our government." "And you?" he asked in return. Cuddy smiled sloppily, "Ah, Mister Scamander, I plan to go out with a bang should it be necessary, don't you worry. Old Cuddy's got a fight left in him yet!" They laughed together as he held up his fists in a mock boxing stance. "Eh, enough of that then. You agree to my terms? You will leave here and not return until the dust settles, assuming we still come out on top of this, and you'll go on as many travels as you can during that time?" "Yes, you old coot, of course, I agree. I'll write to you and the rest of the Sunderlands about every spectacular adventure." Thank you!