Mousy inched forward once more, its whiskers twitching. Mousy took a cautious step up on Harry's leg before crawling in Harry's lap. Harry picked up the polecat and hugged it to his chest, crying into the rodent's fur. It wasn't a Daddy hug, but it soothed him slightly. The polecat squeaked at the tight embrace and squirmed a bit. Harry didn't notice however. After Harry felt calmer, he put Mousy back in his lap, but held it still so it didn't escape him. Mousy didn't seem to mind and curled up, resting in Harry's lap. Harry stuck his thumb in his mouth simply for comfort, not really sucking on it. He closed his eyes and rested his head on the log. Harry had fallen asleep with Mousy in his lap for nearly twenty minutes when he felt something brush against his face. He opened his eyes and found himself staring at a silvery blue doe. Harry tilted his head and made a face. Animals weren't normally blue, though Harry liked to color them blue. The doe seemed to glow before him, looking like something from a dream than from reality. The doe lowered her head and touched her nose to Harry's cheek. Harry felt a surge of warmth and safety run through his body, the same feeling he felt when he hugged Daddy, and he smiled and laughed. Mousy jumped off his lap. The doe glanced at the rodent before looking back at Harry and nuzzling him again. Harry stood up and reached for the doe in hopes of hugging it. The doe turned away and walked slowly through the trees, pausing to make sure Harry followed her. Harry toddled after the doe, smiling at it. He started to run at it but tripped over a loose root and fell. He scraped his hands on the rocks and dirt. Harry sniffed and began to cry at the pain as he sat up on the floor. Mousy scurried over to Harry and stood on its hindlegs in front of him, its nose twitching madly. The doe turned and walked back to Harry, pushing her muzzle against Harry's cheek. The warm, safe feeling returned and Harry giggled before wrapping his arms around the doe's snout, happy to hug her at last. The doe lifted her head, standing Harry on his feet, and then waited for Harry to release her. Harry let the doe go and before something could distract him, the doe gently pushed Harry forward. Harry stumbled on his unsteady and tired feet but he gathered his footing and walked in the direction the doe was headed. Harry noticed that Mousy was following, too. The doe leaped forward a few strides, making Harry laugh and run a little after it. The doe paused and waited for Harry to catch up before it circled Harry, galloping in the air around him before striding forward. Harry laughed and clapped his hands. A flying, blue deer! Harry ran after it when it bounded forward, wanting to stay with this strange animal. The doe paused again, waiting for Harry. "Again! Again!" Harry squealed in joy. The doe seemed to understand what he wanted and took to the air again, dashing forward through the trees. Harry laughed and charged forward as well, trying to keep up with the quick animal. Soon, the doe leaped out of the woodlands and towards a familiar house with Harry in tow. "Harry!" Daddy called, running towards them. "Daddy!" cried Harry. Harry ran to his father and was lifted into the man's arms and hugged tightly. The doe stood by them. "Harry, you scared Daddy!" Daddy said in the tone that told Harry he did something wrong. Harry stuck out his lower lip. "Don't you ever take off like that again! Do you hear me, young man? Oh, I'm so glad you're okay. Look at you! You're a mess!" Daddy looked at his muddy clothes and scraped hands before sighing and hugging Harry to his chest once more. Daddy looked at the doe and spoke to it. "Inform Sirius and Scrimgeour that I have Harry," he told it. Harry watched the doe leap away once more and disappear from sight. "Bye-bye!" Harry called to it. He remembered something and looked around the ground. "Where Mousy?" "Mousy?" Daddy questioned, looking down at his feet. "Did you find a mouse, Harry? I hope it didn't bite you. Are you hurt anywhere?" Daddy checked everywhere on Harry for any signs of injury and sighed when he found nothing. "There he is, the little blighter," Scrimgeour, the lion-like man from earlier, said as he and Uncle Sirius apparated into sight. "Harry, you gave us a fright!" Uncle Sirius said as he stood next to Daddy. "Where did you find him?" "A neighbor owled me saying that her daughter saw the toddler in the woods while she was on her daily nature walk. I sent my patronus ahead of me," Daddy answered. "So, we owe this daughter a big thank you," Uncle Sirius said. "I wonder why she didn't just take Harry home with her instead of leaving a toddler in the woods." "Who cares?" Daddy hugged Harry to his chest once more and began walking back to the house. "Harry's safe and unharmed. I'm sure you had quite the adventure, didn't you, Harry?" "Me and Mousy had 'venture," Harry told Daddy, making his father chuckle. "Bye-bye, Mousy." Daddy rubbed his nose against Harry's, making them both smile. No one noticed the polecat watching them from the trees. Mousy squeaked in amusement at Harry's goodbye before shifting into a young lady with auburn hair and blue eyes. Her blue dress just reached the ankles of her bare feet. She half hid behind a tree, leaning into it and smiling as she watched the adorable, little toddler return home safely with her mother's neighbor, glad that her mental message sent telepathically had been received. How did you like that? Please review and tell me what you thought!