rosy cheeks and bright eyes that could barely walk. … "How nostalgic." Sirius glanced around Diagon Alley, taking in the changes since he had last been here. Guiding Harry to buy his school materials, they first went to the apothecary, before visiting Quality Quidditch Supplies. When Harry saw the Nimbus 2001 that was on display, he immediately dragged Sirius, demanding for it. It was the first time seeing his son wanting something – he was indeed James child. "You know, if you weren't allowed to play Quidditch for the first year, I'll get you this broom." Sirius said in consolation. "I appreciate the thought." Harry said glumly, unable to tear his eyes off the broom, sighing. "Then, next year?" He turned his hopeful gaze towards his father. "I'll get you the new model then." That perked up Harry's mood. "It's a promise." Only after a few minutes of Harry admiring the broom, Sirius was finally able to drag Harry to the next store, Flourish and Blotts to buy his books. The next store was Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. Upon entering the store, Harry was hit with the presence of an enticing individual who made his mouth water. "Dad." Harry looked at Sirius who was glancing into the shop, taking note of the blonde hair and hoping he was not who he thought it was. "He smells quite delicious ." He could hardly stop the drool coming out from his mouth. Sirius froze comically. "Dad?" Harry tilted his head questioningly. Sirius unfroze, mind whirling of the complication it meant. He managed to keep a nonchalant expression. "Bear it. Come on, let's go in." The blonde turned his head in their direction, and Sirius felt faint. From his looks, he could tell he resembled Lucius Malfoy – and that meant only one thing. Luckily, Lucius was not here, or else… Sirius shut his thoughts off, not wanting to deal with it for now. "Hello." Harry spoke first with a bright expression to the blonde-haired boy who was around his age. "Are you going to Hogwarts too?" "Yes." The boy looked surprised, glancing between Harry and Sirius. "You must come from a pure-blooded family. Those are some tailor made robes from Shelly' s ; my family occasionally have their robes tailored from them too." From the way he talked, he seemed to look highly on their appearance. Harry supposed it was a good starting point. Madam Malkin seemed startled hearing Shelly's , face expressing her dissatisfaction while fitting Harry. He supposed Shelly was her competitor. "I'm Harry Black. What's yours?" It was common courteously to introduce oneself first, Harry had learnt. "Harry?" The blonde knitted his brows. "I don't suppose it's that famous Harry Potter ?" He sneered, a hint of displeasure oozing out when he said the name. "I'm Draco Malfoy." Regarding Draco's reaction when he said the name, Harry didn't mind it. In fact, he felt it was better if he admit straight up before things became complicated. "Actually I am. My surname was changed because I was adopted by my godfather." Beside him, Sirius's jaw dropped, unable to believe that Harry actually said it straight out. Back at Malfoy, his mouth hung open unsightly, eyes bulging out for a second. However, he immediately recomposed his features, benefiting of a distinguished family of high pride. "You're a half-blood." Voice containing venom, his eyes narrowed into slits, a complete contrast to the modest behaviour he displayed just a second ago. Harry shook his head. "Technically two-thirds." A small smile formed on his lips, as if mocking him. Staring at Harry like daggers, Draco had a rising urge to wipe the complacent smile off his face. "Two-thirds?" Draco sneered back. "That doesn't matter. You're not a pure-blood." "Does that really matter? All that matters is how powerful one is. If supposedly someone not of pure-blood beat someone of pureblood, the pureblood standings would be lost, and that pureblood would be mocked and teased by the others." Harry's lips curled up tauntingly. Draco's eyes narrowed. "You think I can't beat you? Don't underestimate the Malfoy family. Our family has many ancient magic that has been passed down for centuries." Harry mocked laughed, not at all fazed by Draco's words. "You won't even have the chance to do that." As soon as those words left his mouth, Draco realized that Harry already disappeared from his view. Feeling a sense of unease, Draco immediately tried to look for Harry's figure. "I'm here." A voice whispered into his ear, and a hand gripped down on his arm that was reaching out for his wand. Shocked, Draco quickly retreated from his position. Draco was certain he never felt his heart beating so fast before. "Y-You…" Unable to form a proper sentence, he took several deep breaths to calm down while being on guard for any other movements from Harry. "Don't need to be so tense, I won't do anything else." Harry waved his hands nonchalantly. "So, now do you understand the words I said?" Furrowing his brows, Draco thought back to how Harry could just appear behind him without any warning. Not only that, Harry had even stopped him from using his wand. A slight chill went down his spine. This meant that magic was useless in front of him, especially when Harry was able to incapacitate any wizard before they could perform magic. "I admit defeat." Seeing how Harry demonstrated his abilities, Draco knew he was powerless against him, unless he learnt wandless magic or methods to retreat quickly. "Not bad." Harry for the first time smiled genuinely, surprising Draco. "You know when to admit defeat. And do you know your weakness now?" Draco reluctantly nodded, before his gaze turned serious. "I'm not going to take this lying down. Be prepared." "I'm ready anytime." Harry said helplessly at Draco's determination. He could probably guess that for the rest of the time before school starts, Draco would probably be polishing up skills to counter against him.