last two years and I actually was complimented by McGonagall! I turned into all my creation receipts to Gringotts and hat them certified as mine. I am the really brain behind our shop. You're just a pretty face. Remus knows it. I own fifty percent of the shop and all of its product licenses. You only have thirty percent and Harry has twenty. My Bondmate gained everything I have according to our contract, so he owns fifty percent of the company and all the product. I would watch yourself Fred." Brecc blinked, "What?" Fred looked ill. George smirked, "Did I even mention I was almost in Slytherin? The Hat couldn't decide between Slytherin, Gryffindor and Ravenclaw. I was nervous about being separated from my twin so I chose Gryffindor. A mistake I think. If I'd choose Slytherin maybe we would have gotten together sooner." "Well isn't that a development." Mal chuckled. "Conniving Snake. How did you force George agree to that?" Ginny glared. George smirked, "Brecc was locked in St. Mungos without a clue. I told Grandfather and Lord Montague everything I had and was when I offered it to Brecc's father in exchange for keeping Fred out of Azkaban." Angelina hit Fred; "I told you that stuffing him in a Vanishing Cabinet was foolish." "You thought it was funny!" Fred whinged. "You hate Montague." "You're an idiot. It's only fun until someone gets hurt. He was splinched and suffered memory loss from the incident." "He shouldn't have tried to take points on our birthday." Fred protested feebly. 'He was just trying to show he could stand up to you. Brecc was showing off. He's sorry. He didn't know it was my birthday because I never told him." George glared. "Thanks to you, he'll have to give up Quidditch!" "George, I never wanted to fly professionally." Brecc corrected "What did you want to do?" George frowned. "I wanted to be a Quidditch reporter and write about the games. I'd get paid to watch them and I'd always have tickets. I know how obsessive you are about the Cannons. Why not become sponsors?" Brecc offered. George hugged him, "You're brilliant!" "I thought you were an Arrow fan Brecc." Greg chuckled. "I am, however given that the business' colours are maroon and that the founders are Cannon fans." Brecc shrugged. "I think that it would be a good idea. Perhaps, I ought to loan Fred to them for a few years. Maybe having a decent beater would keep them from being the bottom of the league every year." 'I don't think Harry will be allowed to remain one. Not with his bonded or his guardians around," Arthur snickered, "I'll bet he'll either become an Arrow fan like the Malfoys or a Falcons fan like his father." "Why don't I just buy them?" Gideon offered. "What are you talking about?" Bill stared at him. "Since the Prewett vaults were sealed until I claimed them they've merely increased in value. I could buy them if I wanted." "Well, then maybe the twins could fly for them." Brecc offered. "We could be sponsors still." "I'd have to fire the entire roster." Gideon frowned. "I know a keen Seeker." Charlie grinned. "Would he be interested?" "If it vould help." Viktor shrugged. "Come on Oliver give us a chance?" Bill grinned. "But…it's the Cannons. I'm flying for the best team in the League…" The former Keeper whinged. "Starter." Gideon smirked. "Oh fine!" "Oh Percy, why don't you leave the Minister's office and handle the business end of running it. Merlin knows the team's a mess." "He knows nothing about Quidditch." Ginny glared. "Angelina as soon as you're deemed healthy we'll let you sign and fly." Gideon offered. "Viktor has a friend who is a decent Keeper. We could sign him as a Reserve. His Bonded's mother flew for Bulgaria in the last World Cup." Charlie added. "Who can fly for us until Alicia and I give birth?" Angelina asked. "Flint and Davies are pricks but they are really good Chasers." Oliver shrugged. "I think Flint is third string for the Tornados. Davies' can't have tried out yet. "Maybe Charlie can be a reserve Seeker." Bill teased. "We're still short a Chaser…" Gideon frowned. "Let Katie do it. If her marks are high and she wants to, let her." Oliver offered. "Viktor played while he attended Durmstrang. "We could try to hire Harry." Angelina nodded, "If he were an Auror it would waste his talent. He could one day fly against Viktor he's brilliant. How many people can outfly a dragon?" "With this kind of talent we could steal the League Championship and maybe fly for Britain as a team!" George grinned. "If we can work together." Oliver added morosely. "Then you can be captain." George grinned. "We'll have five Chasers, two Keepers, two Beaters and two Seekers?" Gideon mused. "We're really going to buy them?" "About time, we're been Cannon fans forever." Septimus added from his corner. "They're being run into the ground by the management." "Lee should commentate. He'll need a job." Fred piped up. "Andret's a printer…" "So?" Penelope sniffed. "With the good looking players we could restart the fan club. Why can't he print a fan magazine with interview and such?" Percy offered. "Colin is a photographer, he can take the pictures. Tasteful stuff but it would be interesting; we could have giveaways and contests. Maybe win-a-date with donations for Charity or something." Oliver slung an arm around his shoulder, "And this is why they need you, you're a born organiser." "I will take you to buy out the Cannons tomorrow." Septimus smirked, "I'm sure the owners would like to cut their losses." '"You can talk to Sanctus, he's very helpful." Greg added. "If you don't get anywhere with the Preserve, you could fly for us." Gideon offered. Greg shook his head, "I'll take my chances with the dragons." The family actually laughed. What do you think? Outstanding? Exceeds Expectations? Acceptable? Poor? Dreadful? Troll?