his party but to also have a sort of bridal shower combined baby shower for Luna, Lavender, Pansy, Pavarti and Padma just to kill time. Dean's gift to Neville was permission to visit the Conservatory and the extensive grounds at Deerfield in search of rare magical plants as well as the rights to take cuttings within reason of course… XooooooX It was just after dinner and though there was still light in the sky, the guests escorted Dean and Pavarti as well as Padma and Su to the corridor that their private chambers were off of where they had the Chaturthikarma also known as the Nishekam. Just before the two former Patil sisters could enter their respective rooms, a mantra was intoned that asked the assembled guests to bless the bride and then retire to their own individual homes peacefully. They were given hugs and hand shakes in celebration as requested. Dean received a few knowing nudges from Seamus, Neville and Harry; after all they were already married and had consummated their Bondings. Lavender still hadn't officially slept with Ron but she was confident it was only a matter of time. Pansy had a huge apartment that connected to Vince's at Glandore House, but her own childhood home of Macclesfield Park was being held in trust for their son even if Pansy had to keep her own name to be the regent of the Parkinson Estate. XooooooX Then they were alone… Normally, sleeping together on the thirtieth of the month was considered unlucky but since Pavarti and Padma were already pregnant it wasn't as if Dean or even Su would be spilling their 'seed' in vain. Pavarti's mother prayed that her granddaughters had been conceived on either the ninth or the fifteenth night of hers and Padma's cycle. Apparently those were the luckiest nights to conceive a daughter, frankly Dean didn't believe in Pavarti's religious traditions but he cared about her enough to observe them and he had no objections to her raising their children in her faith though he wasn't going to officially convert or dissuade her from practicing it. He wasn't even a true Catholic; he had only ever attended church to appease his Muggle mother. Pushing aside his meandering thoughts, Dean and Pavarti recited the appropriate mantras before they actually began their first nerve-wracking lovemaking. Despite the lack of need to conceive a child this night they joined as one body, one soul, one heart in perfect harmony if you ignored the typical fumbling of bumping teeth and other things. Eventually, night did actually fall and the stars came out. Pavarti blushed giggling as she pulled on a robe and pulled him out onto the terrace outside their room. She was so glad that she'd talked her parents into letting her observe the first arrival in her own home and the fourth night of marriage ritual consummation on the same day as they signed the bonding contracts. As Dean's surprisingly strong arms wrapped around her, Pavarti leaned back. She was married to her beloved Dean who had done his best to deal with the strangeness of her family's religious traditions and had clearly practiced and meditated over the various mantras he had obviously memorised. Pavarti was suspicious that her baby sister Parina's younger twin Kaiten had helped him and that pleased her. Then again Parina and Kaiten were Hufflepuffs, they were more easygoing and friendly then Padma who was shy and bookish. There were six Ravenclaw girls; Padma had shared her dormitory with Su Li and Mandy Brocklehurst leaving the MacDougal twins Iyzebel and Morag to room with Lisa Turpin in a separate dormitory. Which made sense considering how crampt Pavarti's old dorm was with herself, Lavender, Hermione, Faye and Alice. "What are you thinking cara?" Dean asked softly. "Just how different this year will be." Dean had paid attention to both the lecture from Pavarti and Padma as well as the one from her brother Kaiten about their traditional marriage rituals. So it was wasn't any wonder when he began the ritual of pointing out the stars Dhruva and Arundhati. Pointing out the pole star and praying for the strength and stability of the household through yet another memorised Veda mantra… Next, Dean pointed out the Arundhati star to Pavarti and described to her the story of Arundhati and her legendary chastity. Dean's dedication to observing her familial traditions made Pavarti love him all the more. As much as she wanted Padma's happiness to equal hers, Pavarti didn't really believe that Su was quite as dedicated to proving herself worthy… Dean was a perfectionist; Pavarti turned and kissed him before drawing him back to bed… What do you think? Outstanding? Exceeds expectations? Acceptable? Poor? Dreadful? Troll? [The Nurseries that we saw in Rise of the Cannonites were Dean's ritual required wedding gift proving he could take care of Pavarti and their future children. Pavarti managed to talk her mother into accompanying them so he could do his 'duty' according to the gift exchange part of the ceremony after gaining her father's consent. They then returned to Neville's home because Pavarti and Padma left for their British home to spend three days in seclusion away from Dean and Su Li. Since they were busy with the ceremonies Dean couldn't attend the lunch meeting but because they'd broken for gift giving, Dana and Dean's stepfather could go in their place. After the Hindu marriage ceremony, Pavarti and Padma left to spend their time in seclusion with female members of both families and their female friends, future Bonding contract witnesses joining them on the last night before they moved into Deerfield which was this chapter. With the addition of the signing of Gringotts contracts and the slight altering of the gift portion of the ceremony I did try to keep it as close to actual practices as possible. Any mistakes weren't mean to be offensive but can we pretend that the wizard and witch Hindus have slightly different traditions?]