almost made Harry smile "Oh! But where are my manners? My name is Daphne Greengrass." She offered a hand, which Liz shook while Harry recovered himself from the shock. This was Daphne Greengrass? As in Slytherin's Ice Queen? He must be dreaming, Surely, he must be dreaming. Another elbow to the ribs confirmed that he actually wasn't. "It's rude to stare, you know?" His sister glared at him. Harry scratched his head "Please forgive, I… was simply caught unaware." He took shook her hand too "I'm Harry, Harry Potter." And if he wasn't surprised enough, her reaction sent him over the edge. "Of course you are" her smile was still on and as pleasant as ever "The scar is a dead giveaway." It was then that it hit him that he had been prancing around the station and train with the scar in plain sight. He was so used to being around men that cared very little about the whole boy-who-lived status that he had completely forgotten. At home in the Faroe Islands he had forgotten about the scar, instead focusing on the fraction of Voldemort's soul that resided there and which he had to remove before he was able to kill his nemesis. "You are the first normal person outside my family that hasn't overreacted when meeting me" he said without thinking, and then noticed that he had interrupted Daphne and Liz's conversation. "Sorry, I thought out loud." Daphne smiled to him "Don't be troubled. I suppose it must be something of a shock to not have everyone fawn at you-" "I didn't mean it like that" he corrected immediately "It is actually great to be treated normally outside my family. It's just not something I ever expected to happen." "Then you clearly haven't been around decent people. Mother always says that famous people most wanted desire is, usually, to be treated as if they were anybody else." The girl shrugged "I think that if you have fame you should use it for your benefit but everyone is entitled to their own opinion." Wow. Was this girl really 11? She sounded at least as knowledgeable as Hermione during her fourth year… which was saying something . Could it be that knowing so much had made set her so apart from others in the past/future, that she had had involuntarily become the Ice Queen? While he was lost in his thoughts, Daphne and Liz were back to talking about some odd girlish topic that he would have been barely able follow, had he ever tried. However, they were again interrupted, this time by someone knocking before opening their door. A girl Harry would even recognize in the dark stood on the doorway. "Hello, could I bunk with you? Everywhere else is full." Hermione asked with a tired, but determined look. "I'm Hermione Granger, by the way." This time it was Harry who stood, almost unable to believe his eyes. "Certainly. Here, I'll get your luggage." Daphne and Liz both arched an eyebrow but said nothing, and even moved to a side to let Harry levitate the trunk out of the way without a word. "Oh my god! How did you do that!?" Hermione pressed with eyes wide as saucers. "Silent casting is so advanced it is only taught at Hogwarts after fifth year." Harry made a face and turned to Liz, who looked equally uncomfortable. "Really?" he asked Hermione's face said everything he needed to know. Again he turned to his sister who shrugged, thus he shrugged "our father taught us to do magic like this…." "We simply assumed everyone knew it too" Elizabeth added "I'm Liz, by the way" Hermione opened her mouth and Harry instinctively knew what she was about to ask, so he interrupted before any damage was done. "You don't really want to ask her full name." he smiled at his sister's smug grin and Hermione's confusion "I'm Harry, her brother. And the girl beside you is Daphne." The blond girl smiled at him, before turning and shaking hands with Hermione, as had them all. "Are you two-" Hermione began, pointing at Harry and Liz. Again, Harry knew the question "The same age? Yes." "But you're not twins, how can you both have the same age?" the bushy haired girl asked It was Daphne who answered surprising Harry again. "They are clearly adopted; hence the last names." Liz smiled and pointed to herself "I'm a Firefang, and the klutz beside me is Potter." An instant later, Harry hear the inevitable "Oh my god! You are Harry Potter!" " No? Really? " Daphne's dry tone nearly drove them into hysterics. But Harry saw Hermione's blush and remembered the fears and worries she had shared with him and Ron in his past life-time, and knew there was some damage control to be done. "Don't worry Hermione" he said with a friendly smile "It happens to the best of us. Beside, your reaction scales in the last –and the most normal– place in our WTF list." That got her curiosity working "WTF list?" Liz nodded "Yeah, we tend to gauge people reaction to things we do or say. Daphne's reaction scaled the top five" she turned to the blond girl and winked "that was why my brother got so worked up before." A little calmer now, Hermione sat beside Daphne and began asking Harry about his knowledge of magic and silent casting, until the train rocked and began to move. "Hey!" Harry noticed their parents waving from the platform "It's dad!" he threw open the window and got his head and arm out, leaving enough space for Liz to do the same. "Bye dad! Bye mom!" Elizabeth grinned widely, al fears forgotten as she waved goodbye to her family, as did Harry. "See you on the Holls!" Harry shouted with both hands around his mouth as the train moved away from the station. Both sporting wide grins, they returned to their seats and resumed talking with their new friends.