time for cake?" Harry blushed, "Yeah…" Lyall nodded at Remus as he ushered them back towards the guests, "Remus." Remus sighed, "Lyall." "Sorry about the pup thing, it was a last minute decision that came about when I was visiting Killian and well I thought that it would be just the thing to boost Harry's confidence. They only had one pup left so I had to find another for Cora. I read the puppy's independent testing, she's just the right personality for Harry. She was the litter's little mother who looked after the others. Cora's is the runt of the litter, I think she prefers to take care of then the other way around." Remus had always been taken aback at Lyall's astute observations about all of them. "Will they all get pups?" Lyall snorted, "Sera will want a snake or a cat, I'm not sure but Nemia might need a protective dog like Harry or she'll need one like my Ceres who will be a partner. Teddy will need a wolf not a wolfhound, Fili is a bit young and it's hard to guess what he's like. Severus is going to hate it but I'm worried he's the Hufflepuff out the bunch." Remus snorted, "The Prince heir a Hufflepuff?" Lyall shrugged, "Live as long as I have and you get a feel for these things. Sure Harry is a bit skittish but with his history it's no wonder, he's no Gryffindor that's for sure. He spends most of his time with Slytherins and I wouldn't be surprised if he ended up there. Cora is a brainy witch, not unlike her mother I gather so she'll likely be a Ravenclaw. Sera is the Slytherin out of all the girls, but I'm sure you know that given her naming. Nemia is quiet but intense, you've taken good care of her and her weakness at birth is almost undetectable. She'll be a Gryffindor; Teddy is destined for Slytherin the conniving lovable brat. With three Slytherins, I'm sure Fili's Sorting will be forgiven." Remus couldn't deny that even with as little time as Lyall spent with them, he knew his great-grandkids well. Sera was a strange mixture of Andromeda and Severus, very self-contained and highly intelligent. Sera was the one who was always 'breaking' into Severus' lab to brew and she was the one who always begged to help him prep his potions. For a five-year-old to have more skill then Remus did at his age was funny but not impossible because she was Severus' daughter. She practically taught herself to read and it wasn't uncommon to find their five-year-old daughter reading books that Cora read first and then arguing their contents with Cora. She definitely had Severus' biting wit, despite Nemia being the one that Andromeda laboured for weeks to repair weeks of uteral mal-nutrition, they had asked Andromeda to be her godmother. Which made her closer to Cora since they shared the same godmother as well as blood-sire… Nemia had Ian and Jayme, members of Remus' pack as godparents, within a week of rescuing the children the two had bonded emotionally to two abused Irish witches who were twins, Aednat and Beibhinn that they eventually blood adopted. Since Jayme had been disowned just as Damocles was, it wasn't hard for them to adopt or even blood adopt since they no longer needed permission. Luckily for Damocles, his Smith relations through his mother were more than willing to accept his kids. The older Nemia became the more you realised that she was an observer rather then shy. When she did speak up it was usually profound, like her sisters Nemia was highly intelligent but more like Sera then Cora, Nemia wasn't really very social. Teddy was their exploring, always into everything. He got around baby-proofing wards by using his Metamorphmagus gift just like Dora had, he summoned anything he wanted no matter how much they tried to keep him out of things. Doors never stayed locked with him around. Then again with the likes of Sirius as a godfather, which was begrudgingly allowed by Severus who picked Lucius in retaliation. Fili was most happy just colouring which was why Ted always gave the boy Muggle finger paints, mega boxes of crayons, sketchbooks and large portrait sized tablets for watercolour just for Fili to finger paint. While he wasn't the Metamorphmagus he was just as obsessed with colour as Teddy was… Unexpectedly, Luna skipped up to Harry beaming as she pulled an emerald green and silver collar and leash from her pocket and present them to Harry. They were the right size for his wolfhound puppy, and then she handed a sapphire and bronze collar and leash to Cora who hugged the unique girl and kissed the top of Luna's hair. She maybe a Lovegood but she was clearly all Malfoy in colouring… Harry had received mostly toys from his friends and some clothes or books from their parents, but the way he held onto his puppy was clear that Accalia was his favourite present. Cora was given more books then toys but she was cooing over her puppy whose hair/fur was the same colour as galleons. They had cake and by that time, all of the kids no matter if they were seven or three were tired. So the grumpy children were swept off carried by their parents into the castle to floo home. With six kids it was more difficult but Severus had Teddy and Fili, leaving Sera and Nemia to Remus. Cora was very proud of herself and had been flooing by herself since she was six. So Lyall invited himself for dinner and flooed Harry home. When grandpa came around it was always a late night full of stories… Harry might be scared of people but he was just as excited about their grandfather's 'terrifying tales' of chasing and capturing magical creatures like boggarts as his siblings were. What do you think? Outstanding? Exceeds expectations? Acceptable? Poor? Dreadful? Troll?