much to retire for the evening, please and thank you. "Come on." She tugs him to follow and leads him to a secluded tower she once used for private study time before her Head badge gave her the privilege of a common room. In the tower, she stands by the window, leaning against the stone sill, and continues the conversation as if there was no pause. "So if you didn't ask me because it was somehow in your nature to scheme your way onto my dance card. The question is why did you want to ask me? Why not… Daphne? Or Pansy or… or, I don't know any pureblood witch." "Is that what you still think of me? I would only ask a pureblood? Only want a pureblood?" He steps a little closer and she looks away to gaze out the window. Anywhere but his face. Anywhere but those piercing eyes that look like hope but she fears will lead to disappointment. Approaching from behind her, he lays his hands on her upper arms and leans close, his lips brushing her cheek. "Don't you know me yet, Hermione? After all these months?" "It's hard to really know someone…" she says weakly and feels foolish. It doesn't seem to deter him and one hand leaves her arm, running down her skin, to clasp her hand. Bringing it up, he brushes her knuckles with his lips. "Whenever I'm alone with you…" Another kiss, open mouthed on the back of her hand and he turns her to face him. "When I'm alone with you, you make me feel whole again." She looks at his sincere eyes and thinks of the war and realizes how broken he must have been. How torn apart was his world. "Alone with you, you make me feel… clean again." She sees the mark, visible where he pushed up his sleeves as they grew heated in their dancing, and knows, thinking of her own scar, what it is to want to feel renewed. His hands move to cup her jaw, tilting her head up as he searches her eyes. He nips at her lip lightly with his own, once, twice, soft as a moth's wing. She feels her eyes flutter closed and her hands reach for him, wrapping around his neck and feeling the warm skin beneath her palms. "I want to know what love is, Hermione." She breathes fast until he finishes, "I want you to show me." Her eyes snap open once again and she kicks herself. "Stop. Malfoy, stop." He looks confused and drops his hands. "I really thought you were serious." She is shaking her head and gathering her heels she had kicked off when they reached the top of the tower. "I can't believe… I mean I don't think you're trying to make a fool of me anymore but really what is this? Trying to bed me before the end of term? Muggleborn notch on your bedpost?" "What the fuck, Granger?" "Well, are you?" He runs his hands through his hair. "Am I what? Trying to bed you, as you so eloquently stated? Well yes, actually. Fuck, Granger, yes; I was trying. I've been trying for months. And then I think maybe you're… that you feel the same and then you do this." "Sorry if I can't take you seriously when you use cliché muggle lyrics on me and expect me to swoon." "Muggle lyrics?" She rolls her eyes and purses her mouth in annoyance. "Yes, muggle lyrics. Honestly, where did you even come up with these?" "What do you mean, lyrics? Like from music?" She eyes him more carefully. "Yes…" she drawls out. "You really didn't know? What did you think you were quoting?" He shuffles his feet and looks away. "She said it was muggle poetry." "Who said," she asks, suddenly a little bit amused. "The shop girl. At the book shop in Diagon. Said it was classic muggle poetry. Obscure though, not like Shakespeare. I thought maybe even you wouldn't know it." "So, you've been quoting muggle pop music because you thought you were citing romantic poetry?" She snickers. "Did it ever actually work?" "Obviously not," he growls out. "I mean it did a little, a couple of years ago. Earned a kiss or two and that reputation I have. I've been saving the best ones though, for when it mattered. For someone more important. The most important…" He snaps his gaze back to lock eyes with hers. "I'd have quoted you a Shakespearean sonnet if I knew this would be your reaction." He's pouting now and Hermione thinks it's endearing. He was trying to win her, to woo her, with poetry. How very gallant and old fashioned and so unbelievably adorable that she flings herself at him and kisses him hard. He's surprised but not for long and then they are locked together, trying to remove clothes without stepping away from each other and sharing the breath between them. "Do you still have those tickets?" She pulls away long enough to ask cheekily and quirks her brow. He furrows his own and says, "What tickets?" "You know, those two tickets to paradise." He chuckles into another kiss and they spend the first of many countless nights finding paradise together. A/N Not sure where this came from. It struck me at my office yesterday that it would be adorable if Draco thought he could fool pureblood witches with bad muggle lyrics because they'd never know. Somewhere along the way as I slammed through this last night, I decided he wouldn't know either. Don't Know What You've Got 'til It's Gone - Cinderella Take a Chance on Me - Abba Two Tickets to Paradise - Eddie Money Da Ya Think I'm Sexy - Rod Stewart Love Song - The Cure I Want to Know What Love Is - Foreigner Please fave and review if you had fun with this bit of fluff! I had a ball writing it and hope you enjoyed!