have been cut into pieces, holes eating away at the vibrancy of his life. Oh yes. He's been obliviated. Over and over again. Sometime hasty and incomplete. He must have such confusion, reconciling what he knows to what he should. She starts with the easier tasks, pulling together the threads of torn moments. Barely there memories, like watercolor diluted on canvas, can be coaxed to warmth and color and sharp edges. He is full of these things. Draco has entire landscapes of memory, of self, that have been stolen. It's criminal and vile and heartbreaking and Hermione starts to shine up the scuffs and mend all the broken bits. And then she sees her. A little girl with one skinned knee and a riot of hair. She smiles brightly as they share one copy of her favorite book, her and this platinum haired boy, the pages open and spread across their tiny laps. She's cautious with this one. This memory is the most battered. Beaten and torn down and fractured almost beyond repair. There is hate in the destruction. The spell was messy and rushed but violent in its ferocity. This memory was meant to be more than erased. It was shredded. Almost unsalvageable. Almost. For anyone except Hermione Granger who made a career of reversing the Obliviate spell so she could save her own lost parents. She was told it couldn't be done. They were lost to her forever. It took her four years after the war but she did it and if she can reverse the botched job her teenage self cast on the people she loved most, she can certainly help this man… the boy … who has trusted his everything to her. When she finds herself again, easing slowly from the pages and corridors of his mind, Hermione finds Draco staring at her with tears standing at the corners of his eyes, her hand still holding his palm up and the runes fading into his skin. "I know you," he whispers and she nods. "Did you remember?" "Always. The moment I met you again," she answers back, equally soft, the quiet of the room a fragile thing. "He…" Draco chokes a little, forcing himself on, "he took so much from me." He's staring at her in awe and then he removes his hand from hers so he can lay it across her cheek. "He took so much and you gave it all back." She nods again, breath catching at his sincerity. "I'm sorry I couldn't help you sooner." He huffs at that. Almost a laugh. "Stupid Gryffindor. Ever the hero." His smile is too grateful for her to take offense but quickly his mirth slides off once again. "No wonder you hated me so much." "Well, you were sort of a little monster too," she offers and tricks him back to his grin. She's keenly aware his hand is still on her cheek and then suddenly his other cups the other side and he is cradling her face delicately and their bodies have inched closer together. "I think I dreamed of you," he says reverently, breathing warm against her lips. "There was always something just out of reach. So much I could almost find. I… I think I felt drawn to you sometimes, you know." She nods, listening intently as he finds himself as a complete person for the first time in his life. All the pureblood prejudice, already pushed aside in his maturity, further eviscerated by the memories she found of a little boy who loved and laughed and judged the world to be a grand place. "I could never thank you… not enough for this." She smiles softly and tilts her head into the cup of his hand, encouraging a contact far too intimate for a mere friend of a friend. "I'll let you try." He pretends to glance down at the ripped parchment in thought, all the while running his thumb over the bone of her cheek, "you tore up the note." Hermione laughs and reaches to wrap her fingers around his hands. "I believe you owe me a coffee?" She hedges. A grin, slow and cautious becomes broad in a heartbeat. He releases her and stands. "Stay right there. I'll just get us a cup." She stares after him and then settles into his plush sofa, willing her heart to slow and her cheeks to cool. Suddenly he seems a lot less of a prat and a lot more of the man her friends have been trying to get her to see. It's half two when Harry calls Ron to tell him they've waited long enough. She's been gone for nine hours. Of course it's not Hermione they're worried about. It's more what she might have done to Malfoy if he crossed any lines. The stupid wizard has been pining over her for two years now but unable to school his quips and open up to her about his intentions. After such experiences as that Marietta girl with boils magicked onto her face and trapping a reporter in a jar, they are afraid of what wrath Draco may have wrought. They burst through the door of Draco's flat, all shining armour and calvary trumpets, to find their best friends with ruffled hair and half removed clothes and Ron elbows him in the ribs. "Malfoy managed it before Halloween. Pay up, Harry." Harry scowls at the room before trudging back the way he came and shouting back over his shoulder. "Her knickers are still on; he might still muck it up. I'm going to bed." The couple stare as Ron shrugs. "Technically it was a bet you'd get in her knickers so, you know…" He backs out of the room before Hermione can hex him which was very much in the cards. I hope you enjoyed and of course am always grateful for faves, follows, and reviews. And be sure to give love to BoredRavenclaw who is completely responsible for me writing this!