bag via an IV and a machine is beeping with squiggly lines. A heart monitor? I reach for the IV with my right arm but I notice it's easier to move and then I look at it. The whole arm from just above my elbow is gone. That's when I notice that I'm only seeing out of one eye. I lift up my remaining hand, connected to the machines as it is and feel at the left side of my face. There's a medicinal eyepatch over where my eye should be and when I press down, there isn't discomfort until I feel uncomfortable with how deep my finger moved. I feel around the eyepatch and feel a wide scar that goes from my hairline to almost my jaw. I look down at where my legs are and see the sheets drop just above my knee. I feel my heart drop. I probably wouldn't be able to do anything worthwhile anymore. I'm just a cripple. My vision blurs as tears flow from my eye. It finally kicks in that my vision was healed somehow and thank whoever is responsible for that for the small mercies. I didn't need to have one eye gone and have the seeing capabilities of the other to be shit. As I start to sob, I take notice of someone coming in to the room through the sliding door. I don't care much as I continue crying and barely register a hand on my shoulder. It does help though. Eventually I run out of tears and just end up staring at the white sheets that now have wet marks from my tears. I don't give a damn if men aren't supposed to cry, I just learned that the rest of my life will be lived with constant restrictions. I remember that there's someone else in the room when the hand on my shoulder squeezes a little. I turn to look at whoever it is and see Kaika's face with a sad look. I try to smile to reassure her but it comes out as more of a wobbly grimace than anything. As I turn to look away she grabs my chin with her other hand and turns me towards her. I'm surprised by the action and I guess it shows on my face. She gives me a small smile. "Hey" her voice sounds sad but there's an undertone of something else. What, I have no idea but I don't really want to focus on that right now. "Hey." I have a feeling I sound really down, but I reserve my rights to that. What with the missing body parts. I make a show of looking around. "So, this is your house?" I want to avoid my injuries for a while, otherwise I have a feeling I might just break down again. She smiles a sad smile. "Yeah. I'd have preferred you be here for a different reason than medical but that's not here nor there. I'd give you a tour, but I don't think it's possible right now." She finishes with a grimace. I let out a small humourless laugh. Well, here comes the injury talk. "So, how are you feeling?" She grimaces almost immediately after saying it though. That was a loaded question and a half. I sigh and focus on holding back the tears. "Well other than crushing depression because I'm going to be living my life as a cripple and supreme anger at the bastards that did this, I'm curious as to why I'm at your house." She looks away for a second during my description but looks back when I mention the house part. She has a neutral expression on her face as she starts to talk. "Well you're here for two reasons. Firstly is that both mom and dad are healers and were the first on the scene when we found you, even before the Aurors arrived. They want to talk to you by the way. The second reason is a little harder to believe and is tied into the first." She looks hesitant for a second before she starts talking again. "You, Harry Potter, are now a vampire from my turning you and feeding you the blood of the Death Eater I killed to save your life. My parents and I are vampires and are the only ones who know that you have been turned. Please don't judge us." After she says that she opens her mouth and HOLY. SHIT. Her teeth just morphed into a strange mixture of a shark and canine and human teeth. I sat there for a few seconds before I turn to her. "Can I have a mirror?" She nods and I can see her reflection in it. Fiction got that wrong apparently then. I hold the mirror in front of my face and hold back a grimace at the scar and eyepatch. I open my mouth and imagine my teeth shifting and, lo and behold, they shift. I poke a tooth with my index finger and draw it away after drawing blood, which looks tasty. I lick my finger and am surprised that the iron-like copper taste is actually quite nice. I sum up all my thoughts with one sentence. "Holy shit, I'm a vampire!" A/N: Hello again everyone! A second story in one week that I started writing just after I posted Storm Call. I'm sorry that it's not an update on my other stories, but I just felt super driven to write this and here it is. Now, credit for my inspiration for this story goes to Quartermass and his story 'On the Delights of Drinking Blood' which is both hilarious and a great read. I recommend it to everyone who likes crackfics, a Deadpool-esque Luna, and so much more, including vampiric tendencies. Also, the names are gotten through Google Translate, so I'm sorry if anyone is offended by improper use of words. Kaika: Blossom End Kamu: Bite Blood See you next update!