of being pushed around and abused by the Dursleys. Free yourself and bring them to justice. Objectives: -Legally get away from the Dursleys -Get the Dursleys arrested -Gain freedom Rewards: -FREEDOM -Justice -100 EXP -1 Perk point Failure: -Continued abuse -Worsened abuse -0 EXP -Possible death Accept? (Y/N)] I hit yes without a second thought. I could get away! Finally! I quickly entered the station, saw the receptionist, and walked up to her. "Hello, how can I help you?" she said in a kind voice. "Are you lost?" "No ma'am." I said in my best cute voice. I needed this to work. I need to get away from the Dursleys. "Who do I talk to when my relatives hit me?" As soon as I said that her smile became decidedly strained and the corners of her lips started twitching downwards. I hope she doesn't pity me. "Where do they hit you sweetie?" Her voice has the slightest hint of steel in it. She's not angry at me bringing this to the police is she? I hope not. "On my back and chest mostly. Sometimes uncle uses his belt." I'm almost crying while saying this. Why? I've gotten over it haven't I? Maybe not. The times the belt was used it left scars. I hope that that's enough proof for them to investigate. She's frowning now. I hope she's not upset at me. She's reaching for the phone. She stops for a second and looks at me. "What are their names and where do they live?" she asks. I hope this works out. "Their names are Vernon and Petunia Dursley and they live at Number Four Privet Drive." Here goes nothing. "If you're sending people there tell them to look in the cupboard under the stairs. That's… where I slept." She's outright scowling now. Is she angry at me? Why am I questioning myself so much right now? I was positive about my actions earlier. Well, there's no turning back now. She has the phone in her hands and she's dialling while looking at something on her side of the counter. Who's she calling? "Squad car number thirty four, we have a possible two seven three Adam, maybe David at Number Four Privet Drive. Please investigate the cupboard under the stairs at the address. I have a possible abused child in the station." She says and then she gets a response I can't hear. "Roger that." She says and then hangs up the phone. She turns to me and smiles. "What's your name?" she asks. Shouldn't she have asked that earlier? "My name's Harry Potter." She nods and then motions me to follow her. I probably should follow her. She leads me into what looks like the nurse's office at school looks like. She motions to me then the table. I guess I should sit on it. "If you'll wait here, I'll go get someone to have a look at you." She said as she left. Is she going to get a doctor? *sigh* Great. I'll have to share everything with them. The keeping me away from food and water, the beatings, the lock ups, the bullying. The one time they tried to torture me by sticking my hands on the stove after taking off the pot. The lashings… The knife… I remember it all now. I think I'm crying now. Luckily they never did anything that would show beyond the burns or anything permanent to me beyond the lashings with the belt buckle and the knife to my stomach. The doctor comes in to see me crying into my hands. He tries to comfort me but it doesn't really work. He asks me what's wrong and I take off my shirt. My torso is riddled with scars. He draws in a sharp breath. Then he asks about every…single…one…And I tell him. All of it. I don't know why I do, I just do. After he's out of questions and I'm out of tears, the checkup begins. I'm horribly underweight. I'm too pale. I'm too short. The lycanthropy might have healed the deficiencies, but I'm not in the clear. I need to heal. Maybe magic can do that? If not he said if I exercise properly and eat well and take vitamins and minerals and stuff I should be okay in a couple weeks. He says it might be sooner based on how quick I heal. He leaves to go inform the officers that it's an actual case instead of just suspicion. I put my shirt back on. Hopefully I can bounce back from this. I'm fairly certain I can. PING! Oh, what now. [Quest: Break These Chains- COMPLETE! Rewards: 100 EXP, 1 Perk point, Freedom] It's finally over. Finally. [New Quest: Recovery from Hell Objectives: -Reach 10 STR -Reach 10 CON -Reach 10 DEX Rewards: -50 EXP -2 Stat points Accept? (Y/N)] I accept. Time to live. AN: Hello there and welcome to my first story. I know that it's the Gamer cliché but I honestly like the idea. I have been inspired to write this by a few stories on . A couple are the Gamer stories by Legend of the Kyuubi, and "Were's Harry?" by DobbyElfLord. All of those works are leagues better than mine so if you want a good read I fully recommend looking them up. I will be making shout outs to other works that inspired me in other chapters. This WILL be continued, but I would like your input on this, sooo… Review or send me a PM on what you think I could do better please. Have a good day! P.S.: Flames will be used to roast marshmallows. P.P.S. I will be updating this story when I can. I will try for every two weeks. Also, I may be editing chapters and I still don't know how to manage this site as well as I should so I apologize for e-mails notifying of updates to a chapter and not a new chapter. Peace.