to be set on nothing but Oliver's tanned bare skin, Oliver's shiny hair, Oliver's muscly arms, and his laugh wrapping him. That was the moment Percy snapped. "Stop mocking me," he roared out of the blue, getting far away from his friend. "Don't be such a pristine ," Oliver said casually in response. He leaned in his chair, looking at Percy with a great deal of interest, a crooked smile hanging on his lips. "And stop using big fancy words you don't even know the meaning of! What do you care what happened between Penelope and I?! That's none of your damn business! And don't even try to pretend you understand anything about relationships; you've never been in one, so stop acting like a mediwiz' of love or something, this is bullshit ! You're just being nosy, so stop being nosy and find your own girlfriend, for Merlin's sake!" He paused and realised he was out of breath because he had screamed all along. He felt his ears getting warm and kept on staring at his old shoes, because he couldn't look at his friend's taunting smile. His outburst was ridiculous and he didn't even know why he refused to talk about his breakup with his roommate. He just felt very uncomfortable chatting about his love life with Oliver bloody Wood after daylight, in a cosy room dimly lit by an old oil lamp dangling from the ceiling, surrounded by books and a leathery sofa and hot fire and other none-sentient stuff. It seemed very slippery and dangerous and imprudent. "I'm not really into girlfriends." Percy stopped breathing altogether; because while he was looking at his shoes, Oliver had gotten up and come very close to Percy. And now his voice was inches away, his sugary breath almost on the Head Boy's skin, calm and even, lightly skimming his right ear while the other boy leaned slightly over him, leaving goosebumps on the back of his neck. He couldn't move. He literally . Could. Not. Move . He had looked up at some point, in his dizziness, and was now staring at Oliver's messy tie. The keeper's chest rose at a very serene and composed pace, as if he was untouched by their closeness, as if he was perfectly master of his body and his mind and his way too fucking calm breathing. Percy was feeling so so much right now, but the sweet smell of sunny afternoon that emanated from Oliver kept him very quiet. Not calm but quiet and for a moment, there was no sound in the Prefect's lounge and the seconds stretched because the world had stop spinning. The world had never stop spinning for Percy before, and it was a tremendously splendid and nerve-racking thing. Oliver sighed a little in Percy's hair as if he couldn't bear the moment anymore and Percy, out of hunger and rush, finally met his eyes. Oliver Wood was a wonderful creature of smirk, joy and bubbly happiness; anyone who'd been able to see him flying around on a broomstick could've told this. He was a sunny wonder, glowing casually on earth, always a wordplay queued up, always a knowing smile in waiting. He was cheerful and friendly and everybody was just so fond of him. Percy knew him better. Percy knew that behind this airy, joyful, glorious king was a little child, afraid of the silence and trying very hard to be nonchalant, so much that he only had his Quidditch captain's post to let him blow some steam. Flying was the only way Oliver could express his emotions and every walking moment was one of hard work for the player. And Percy saw in the wild gaze of his friend the exhaustion caused by the casualty, the pain of being unknown by so many, the sadness of the lonesome existence of a soul crowded by others. And the wanting, the waiting, the raging longing, the hungry hope clouding his face, making it a complicated and chaotic mess. Percy thought he was gonna explode. Without thinking any further, he extended the back of his hand to touch the keeper's cheek and the creature shivered delicately. His curved mouth was gaping but for once he had nothing to say. He leaned a little more over the Head Boy, wide eyes, parted lips, and Percy stared at him moving, completely numb, his hand still resting on his cheek. And suddenly, Oliver backed away, shook his head, took a step back, and the world started spinning senselessly again. The redhead realised he hadn't breathed in a while and leaned against the desk, his legs a bit shaky. He tried to look at Oliver but the keeper avoided his look, face down, blinking furiously, his shoulders weirdly straight. He seemed to be catching his breath too and Percy didn't know what to do. He was used to deal with the Golden Boy, not the frightened child. He looked around him desperately, trying to grasp what just happened. Scared to death of all the feelings smashing his chest. "So, you're done with your shitty schedule?" The Weasley glanced at the Quidditch player who just spoke in a weird, strangled, none-Oliver voice and raised an eyebrow. Do not frighten him . "Yes, I am," he said very carefully. "Great." Oliver breathed in deeply and raised his head in a dazzling cocky grin, and just like that, the sunny overly friendly keeper was back. "Now you can actually meet Helen and stop avoiding it. Shall we?" "Helen?" "My broomstick." He opened the door and the two teenagers casually left the Prefect's lounge in silence. Then Percy turned an inquisitive look to his friend. "Helen for Helen of Troy?" "Yes. Because she's a wonder!" Oliver offered him a bragging smile, self-rewarding himself for his sense of wit. Percy had an uneven smile, safe and easy again but confused. Because he didn't know if he ever wanted to be safe again. Ultimately, he kind of liked feeling trapped.