don't understand what Luna is going on about. And they're laughing too, having fun with one another. The longer I watch them, the more I think about how Draco and Hermione look like this as well. They're not nervous with each other. They're just there in the moment with one another as if no one else is there. That's probably my entire problem right there. I can't find a way to get to that point with Luna. My eyes then widen as I see Dad stumble unexpectedly. He pulls Mum towards him, but she seems to have been off balance as well. I watch in horror as they both tumble back as a result before crashing into a nearby dessert table. My head whips around to glance at Luna, noticing her look of shock as well. The whole hall has gone absolutely silent. I turn back, unable to think of what to do. Should I try to help them? Or leave them alone? Or . . . I watch Dad shake off some of the frosting that's covering him and see Mum shaking slightly as she lies on top of him, her face buried in his robes. Is she all right? I then hear her laughter as it grows louder. "You look ridiculous," Mum says through fits of laughter. " I look ridiculous?" Dad repeats, a hint of amusement in his voice. "You should see yourself, Sinistra. You're not exactly one to look at right now either." "Says the man wearing red butter cream frosting." When I see Dad grab a bit of destroyed cake beside him, I start laughing, knowing what he's about to do next. He smears into her face a moment later. Mum, however, isn't going down without a fight. She grabs globs of frosting and cake from her side before tossing it at him. It's soon all out food fight between them, causing the other students to join in. Draco is protecting Hermione, I see, from Blaise and Theo and their dates. Hermione is covered head-to-toe in red velvet, and Draco looks like he rolled in some sort of jelly. As a volley of pumpkin pasties come hurtling towards Luna and me, I duck. My eyes then catch our attacker as I toss back a chocolate frog. Fred I recognize, but his date . . . It's strange, but I've never seen her before at Hogwarts. And I'm pretty sure I'd recognize her seeing as how gorgeous she is. The young woman about Fred's age winks at me, though, before darting off in the opposite direction, her long golden-blond hair flowing behind her. She seems so familiar to me, but I know I've never seen her before. However, before I can think any more on it, Luna pulls my hand sharply. I glance at her and notice her look towards Professor McGonagall and the other teachers headed our way. I nod to Luna. Time to go. We run as fast as we can towards the doors. Behind me, I can hear the other professors taking points from every House and hear McGonagall going on about how disgraceful it is to have a food fight at a ball. Wait until she learns that it was Mum and Dad who started it. I can't wait to see the look on her face then. We dodge left and then right before sliding right under a table as we near Professor Flitwick. Somehow by the grace of Merlin we evade him. I don't even know where we're running to, but Luna and I are just running. We rush up the staircases, jumping onto the landings as soon as we come close to them. I'm laughing loudly like a crazed man in love. Luna's laughing too, skipping now as we head down a long corridor. Ravenclaw Tower, that's where we're headed I recognize after a bit. It's not long after that we reach the door to her common room. I smile at her, my heart racing. "I had fun tonight, Luna." "So did I." I nod slowly, unsureness starting to creep in. What am I supposed to do now? I know I'm supposed to walk her back to her common room. Draco's done that with Hermione at least. So, now what do I do? He never told me that part. "So, how much trouble do you think we'll all be in?" I ask suddenly. She laughs, shrugging. "Probably not as much trouble as your sister." "What?" I reply, slightly confused. I know Angel's in the dungeons being watched by house elves. I remember the whole fight that was earlier because she thought she was grown up enough to go to the ball too. Dad, however, didn't agree. Luna only smiles, though. "Good night, Harry." "Um, good night, Luna." I watch her start to turn and sigh. That can't be all there is, right? I mean, we had a perfect night. Well, once I got over my stupidity. I hate this. I hate that she's leaving. I hate that I haven't gotten a chance to give her a proper goodbye. "Luna?" "Yes?" Her eyes sparkle beautifully in the moonlight. Biting my lip, I throw aside all thoughts and step towards her. I lower my head and brush my lips against hers gently. When I feel her kiss me back, I smile and pull back. Her eyes are wide as she stares at me, and I laugh. "Sorry. I was trying to get rid of the Nargles." She bursts out laughing at once, rolling her eyes. "That's silly. Everyone knows the only way to get rid of Nargles is this." She grabs ahold of my tie and yanks me towards her before she kisses me again. Now it's my turn to be speechless. When we pull apart, she smiles. "Good night, Harry." Merlin, I love her. I walk back to my common room. I can't wait to see what's next for us. A/N: What do you think? Up next, Draco and Hermione. :)