the walls being green? They were originally blue and silver, but I thought you might prefer Slytherin colors, so I turned them green." "They walls are fine, Mrs. Petrov," I replied, feeling touched that she went through the trouble to make sure my room was to my taste, even if it was only through the use of a simple Color-Changing Charm. "Thank you." "You're welcome, dear," said Mrs. Petrov with a smile. Once she had left, I began unpacking my clothes and putting them away in the closet. A few minutes before six, I went to the dining room, which was just large enough for a rectangular table with benches on the sides it. Stephan and Mr. Petrov were setting the table, while Mrs. Romanov, Mrs. Petrov, and Maria were bringing dishes of food from the kitchen. I offered to help, but Mrs. Petrov said, "That's all right, Severus. Everything is taken care of. You can help tomorrow, once I've shown you where the dishes and silverware and such are kept in the kitchen." After the table was set, everyone sat down. Mrs. Petrov gestured for me to sit between her and Niko. Everyone folded their hands together and lowered their heads, which I quickly copied, and Mr. Petrov said, "We are thankful for the food we are about to eat and for all the blessings in our lives. May we continue to be blessed. Amen." Everyone repeated the "Amen" and then looked up. Mrs. Petrov proceeded to fill my plate with chicken, steamed vegetables, and two slices of bread. "You need to eat," she said sternly. "You are much too thin, Severus. Have you been eating properly at all while you've been at Hogwarts?" "I haven't had much appetite lately," I muttered in reply, which was the truth. I didn't really like eating in the Great Hall, since I found it too noisy for my taste, though the Marauders rarely bothered me at meals because of the teachers present, and I usually went to the kitchens to get food. However, after Mum died, I didn't feel like eating at all, and had even less desire to eat after Lily ended our friendship. In the past week, I hadn't eaten except when Niko had dragged me to either the Great Hall or the kitchens and forced me to eat something. Mrs. Romanov frowned at this. "You still need to eat, Severus. I know terrible things have happened to you within this past year, but you can't just go around starving yourself. Niko, you're in the same house as him. Has he been eating at all the past few weeks?" "Yes, Aunt Lise," answered Niko. "But only because I've been dragging him to the kitchens or the Great Hall and forcing him to eat something." Mrs. Romanov shook her head, while Mrs. Petrov tsked. "Severus Snape, you are going to clean your plate and have seconds. Is that clear? I'm not having you wasting away to nothing." "Yes, Mrs. Petrov," I replied, and started eating. The food was delicious, and I ended up having a better appetite than I had all week, for I cleaned my plate, ate the second helping Mrs. Petrov gave me, and had some fresh fruit and whipped cream for dessert. When dinner ended, Tobias, Ana, and Sarah cleared the table and washed, dried, and put away the dishes. I offered to help again, but Mrs. Petrov said, "That's not necessary, Severus. There's a schedule as to who washes the dishes and tonight it's their turn. I'll just add you to the schedule tomorrow. Now, let's figure out the terms of your apprenticeship with me." The two of us went to my room, where Mrs. Petrov drew up a sort of contract where it stated that for the next two months I would learn everything she could teach me about potion brewing and help her with brewing potions, and she would see to all my needs during that time. We both signed it, Mr. Romanov witnessed it, and a copy was filed away for evidence of my apprenticeship when I went to apply for my Potions Mastery in the future. After that, Mrs. Petrov looked over my belongings, and shook her head when she saw my Muggle clothing. Since my family was poor, most of my Muggle clothing came from charity bins and the like, and they were mainly ill-fitting and rather worn. "You can't go around wearing that, Severus, and you can't wear robes all the time, either." Before I could protest against her buying me new clothing, no matter what the contract said about her seeing to my needs, she left the room. A few minutes later, she returned with a stack of clothing in her arms. "These belonged to Niko when he was sixteen, and they're still in good condition and should fit you." "Thank you, Mrs. Petrov," I said in shock, taking the clothes from her. They turned out to be three pairs of trousers, in forest green, navy blue, and dark grey, and four shirts, also in dark colors, presumably so that stains wouldn't show like they would in lighter colors, which was practical when brewing potions. When the clothes were put away, I was informed that breakfast was at eight o'clock, the apothecary opened at nine, and that I could start the duties of my apprenticeship then, unless I needed to take a day or two to rest and recover from the school year. My day was to end at four, so that I had time to do my summer homework and to relax a bit. My evenings after dinner were also free, though I had to be back at the apothecary by ten. "I'm fine with starting tomorrow, Mrs. Petrov," I told her. "Work will take my mind off things." "All right dear," she said. "I'll leave you to yourself now. Good-night, Severus." When she left, I took out a book to read, and at ten o'clock, went to bed.