the rumours about the insane and incurably criminal Potter boy; that would be enough to deter anyone from being kind. He rolled his right shoulder as a pulling sensation originated from the muscles under his shoulders and neck. Wincing slightly, Harry followed Taylor into the lift and waited until they reached the sixth floor. Taylor glanced at the boy standing next to him. He was short and thin, but he was sure that the boy was in for a growth spurt soon. He was due one, at least. The boy's clothes hung off him slightly and he had the dark bags of exhaustion under his eyes. Potter's voice had already changed and he was pale; not into sports then. The glasses the boy wore were heavily duck taped and slightly bent. The doctor's brow furrowed. All the apparent signs were pointing to a depression of sorts and physical beatings of some kind. Taylor hoped that the glasses and bruise were simply results of bullies or attacking gangs, but the weight loss and exhaustion belied other reasons. He prayed that he didn't have an abuse case on his hands; that would get messy. The lift dropped the two off at their floor and Taylor eyed Potter's gait. His movement was odd, like he was rolling side to side. The doctor's eyes narrowed. There was more to this than met the eye. Harry looked up from the file he was reading to see Taylor staring at him again. The doctor's eyes quickly trailed away but when Harry looked down, the hair on the back of his neck rose; someone was watching him. He really hated it when people gazed dumbly at him, especially when their eyes flickered up to his scar. Harry hoped that Taylor's curiosity had nothing to do with the magical world. He looked up again and saw the doctor's eyes blink away. Taylor nearly blushed when the Potter boy caught him staring again. He really ought to go back to helping his patients instead of focusing on the curious puzzle that was Harry Potter. But he couldn't seem to get his mind off the odd things he had witnessed. The bruises, weight loss, exhaustion and uneven gait…. It had to be a medical problem! Finally, he couldn't contain himself. "Potter, stand up," he said abruptly. Harry rose an eyebrow and his shoulders tensed uncomfortably. He could feel the hair on the back of his neck rise up. When Taylor looked impatient, Harry stood on legs that felt weak under him and dropped the papers in his chair. Taylor crossed the distance between them in two strides and looked him over. Harry felt like Britain's newest Naturist. "What?" Harry asked, backing away from the doctor. "What are you doing?" "Show me your arms," Taylor said curtly, reaching out for them. Hesitantly, the boy held them up. Taylor pushed back the sleeves and examined them. They were riddled with bruises. "Have you seen these before?" the doctor asked, looking through his spectacles. He lightly touched a bruise and made a discontented noise. "No!" Harry said defensively. "It was dark when I dressed this morning. I didn't see anything. And they weren't there last night either." He peered at his arms, completely puzzled. The bruises didn't hurt – not like the ones he got from Dudley and his gang – and Harry had no recollection of being injured recently. Moreover, the bruises were all fresh; they couldn't have been more than ten hours old. "Potter, I want you to go see your physician," Taylor said. "Make an appointment for tomorrow or the day after. I'll give you the time off, but by God, get this checked." Harry was dumbfounded, but nodded automatically. "Yeah, of course," he said quietly. He pushed his sleeves down. "Thanks." Taylor nodded curtly and strode back to his desk. Harry went back to work, but couldn't concentrate. Thoughts raced around in his head, jumping from Taylor's interest to the order to see a doctor. His back ached with tension and he rolled his shoulders to relieve the pressure. He tried to focus his attention on arranging the files and marginally succeeded. Eventually it was time to return to Privet Drive, so Harry bid the doctor farewell and walked out the door, backpack over his shoulder. His trainers squeaked against the floor and he shuddered at the silence surrounding him. Harry entered the lift and let it carry him to the first floor. He left the building, ignoring the automatic doors and the various people swarming around him, and went to the bus stop. The blue bus screeched to a stop and Harry trudged up the steps. He greeted the driver and plopped into a seat. His head resting wearily against the window, Harry dozed. An old lady sat in the seat next to him and placed her bright purple handbag between them. When Harry's stop arrived, he mumbled an apology and squeezed past her to get off the bus. The woman didn't say anything; she just gave him a toothless smile. Harry trudged off the bus and then proceeded to walk to Privet Drive. His limbs were heavy and he yawned quite a few times before he reached the door. Letting himself in, he went to his room and left his backpack and trainers on the floor. He looked longingly at the bed, but he knew that his aunt would call him down to make dinner any minute. Harry yawned widely and stretched. He felt blood rush into his arms, legs and back, making him feel more awake than he was. Giving up, Harry left the room and went downstairs to cook dinner. The door opened in the smallest bedroom and Harry entered, dead on his feet. He shrugged off his shirt, the fibers feeling uncomfortable against his oversensitive skin. He fell into bed, his glasses in his hand and his eyes closed. Harry's body relaxed and his breathing evened out. He was asleep. End of Chapter 1.