to learn as much as she could about her new classmates and the Wizarding world. She spent many evenings in the library, reading about Wizarding London and looking for any information about her family. All she found about them, however, was that her name was one of the oldest family names in England, dating back to the time of Merlin and the Four Founders of Hogwarts. She was particularly interested to learn about her parents, and asked a few of the professors about them. They didn't seem to know anything, or at least, claimed they didn't. "Professor," she asked McGonagall one day after they had finished up their transfiguration work, "Why doesn't anyone know anything about my parents?" "Your parents?" McGonagall echoed, "Well, your mother was Italian and your father was English." "Yes, I know that, but that's all I know," replied Lacey, crossing her arms over her chest in frustration. "Did you know them?" Professor McGonagall sighed. "Yes, I taught both of them when they were in school here" "What were they like? Which house were they in?" she asked, her excitement growing. "They were both in Slytherin house, and they were both excellent students," replied McGonagall vaguely. "Does that mean I'm going to be in Slytherin?" asked Lacey nervously. The thought of being in a house because of her heritage troubled her. "No, of course not, although it is taken into account during the sorting." "Wha – " "Enough questions. Miss Vrell, you're going to be late for your next class if you don't leave at once," she scolded, ushering Lacey out of her classroom. Lacey sighed, left the classroom, and trudged down to the dungeons, disappointed she hadn't learned any more about her parents. Professor McGonagall watched her go, shaking her head sadly. It wasn't often that Lucius wanted to see his son, and when he did it was rarely for good reasons. So when the house elf informed Draco of his father's wishes, Draco felt a pit form in his stomach. He walked down to his father's study and paused in front of the door. He was about to knock when he heard Lucius say, "It seems as if they've found Lacerta. Strange, after all these years. I heard that her magic sent out a signal the day the Dark Lord came back. Very peculiar... I wonder…" "Lucius, don't worry about that now, thank heavens she's been found! Where is she?" exclaimed Narcissa. Lucius frowned at his wife for the interruption. "She's been sent to Hogwarts for what Dumbledore called "an introduction to the Wizarding World". I'm astounded that I was not notified. She should have been sent here, of course." Draco heard his mother, chuckle and ask, "Why in the world would they ask you, dear? You know Dumbledore would like to avoid you at all costs! Besides, it would have been overwhelming for her, not knowing about wizards until now." Lucius growled and answered: "Being her godfather and therefore one of her only two living relatives, I think I have the right to help with any decision making when it comes to her! She should have been sent here and told about her parents at the very least. Who knows what kind of information Dumbledore will give her!" "Of course, Lucius, I hadn't thought of that. What are we going to do?" asked Narcissa quietly, barely loud enough for Draco to hear. "Well, I have already sent for Draco, as he will be in her year at Hogwarts. Also, I'd like you to go see her, tell her of her duties as the heir of an old family. Invite her to spend the Christmas Holidays here, with us. She will adjust soon enough," replied Lucius. Draco had heard enough. He knocked. "Ah, here he is. Come in, Draco," Lucius called through the door. Draco opened the door and walked in, his face expressionless, trying to hide the fact that he'd been listening. "I trust you heard enough to know what you are here for," Lucius said demandingly. "Y-Yes father," Draco replied. Seeing the look in his sons face, Lucius frowned. Although he liked that his son feared him, he did not appreciate when the boy acted like a little girl. "Sit down, Draco. Leave us, Narcissa, I have things to discuss with my son," Lucius ordered. Narcissa nodded, and left the room. Draco sat in one of the chairs in front of his father's desk. He waited for his father to say something. After a few minutes that felt like an eternity, his father began to explain why he had called for Draco. "Now, as you've heard, Lacerta Vrell has been found and sent to Hogwarts to catch up on her schooling. She is in your year, and I expect you to befriend her, before any of those filthy mudbloods or blood traitors do. Is that clear?" Lucius waited for Draco to nod his head before continuing, "You are not to mention her parents, or her godmother, your aunt Bellatrix, under any circumstances. Do you understand? Introduce her to your friends and get her accustomed to her role as a proper witch. I'm sure she will be sorted into Slytherin, since both her parents were. Most importantly, help her forget those Muggles she lived with. They wont be around much longer," he finished. Draco nodded again and began to wring his hands. He didn't like when his father acted cryptic and mysterious, especially since this behavior had become more common since the Dark Lord returned. "You may go now," Lucius said, waving his hand in the air to dismiss him. Draco got up and left. He stopped just outside the door and took a deep breath. He always felt short of it anytime he met with his father privately. Walking up the stairs, Draco began to process the task his father had given him. With his good looks and charm, he was sure he'd have this girl hanging on his every word soon enough.