Dean. At the arrival, the group looked up, greeted Hermione, but once they noticed Harry and remembered Harry's not supposed to be there, looked at him with curiosity. "Hello," Harry said to ease the awkwardness. "Are you back at Hogwarts now?" Seamus asked. "No, just visiting," Harry replied. He and Hermione started filling their plates with food while the questions came at their way. "So how's Auror training?" Colin asked eagerly. "It's hard, but it's also really interesting. I love it there. We've learned all kind of methods to disguise one's self and how to blend into different environments. I've learned a lot there," Harry spoke with enthusiasm. "How's Neville handling it?" Dean asked with a smile, he remembered all too well how clumsy Neville used to be. "He's doing great, really great. Actually he got better mark as I did in sneaking," Harry spoke. He shifted somewhat and placed his left hand on Hermione's thigh under the table. The movement went unnoticed by everybody except Hermione. She moved her own hand to his and Harry thought that she was going to push it away, but instead covered his with hers and held it. "How's Ron doing?" Ginny asked. "He's also doing good. Though he still has some troubles with muggles and probably has to study their behavior for quite some time to pass this exam. Otherwise he's good," Harry said, but avoided eye contact with Ginny, who did the same. "How are things here?" Harry asked the group. "You mean Hermione left some subjects untouched?" Dean asked. "Well, she didn't say anything about divination," Harry replied with a smile. Everybody laughed, while Hermione rolled her eyes and sent looks to everybody. "Trelawney is really disturbed by the events and how her predictions came true in most horrific ways. But we're learning how to read the stars and combine their position with crystal ball. It's really fascinating," Parvati spoke. "I believe it is," Harry said politely even though he didn't believe in the art of divination, despite those prophecies she made and which came true. "How's Quiddich?" Harry asked. "We have a decent team with a real chance to beat Slytherin," Ginny boasted. "Ginny's our new captain," Dean added. "Congrats," Harry said with genuine happiness. "We have a lot of new blood in the team, but we need some practice and then we should be ready," Ginny said. "We'll beat them," Seamus said confidently. "Of course," Dean added. "Is there anything else except Quiddich for you?" Hermione asked and shook her head in disapproval. The team members laughed. "Quiddich is to us, what books are to you," Harry explained. Hermione nodded, but chose to continue eating, while she pressed her nails into Harry's hand, but only for a moment. Seamus, Dean, Ginny and Harry continued discussing Quiddich tactics and new squad members with Colin listening with his mouth open, while Hermione made small talk with Parvati's new crush. It was like any other day at school, normal and easy. At some point they came around to discussing the new monument in the courtyard for all the fallen. It was a glorious phoenix coming back to life from the ashes. Underneath was the date of the final battle and the names of all the fallen, on the other side the plate had names and dates of all the others who fell in the Second Wizarding War starting with Cedric Diggory. They continued laughing and making fun of each other just like they had before, they shared the latest gossip, complained about their homework and discussed the past events. When Dean talked about their charms lesson, where Seamus had managed to create fireworks, Harry finally caught Ginny's eyes. He smiled at her and Ginny returned it. He tried to asses her emotions and how angry she was at him, but to his great surprise, the redhead smiled brightly, then covered Dean's hand with hers and nodded slightly. The movement went unnoticed by the others, but Harry knew Ginny was silently telling him, that she's okay and she's moving on, so he could do the same. On the other side of the table Harry gained enough confidence and decided that he could deal with one angry Hermione later, so he removed his hand from her thigh and wrapped it around Hermione, who barely registered the movement. She leaned slightly onto Harry and continued explaining Dean how the spell should have worked and what he did wrong. Ginny looked over her friends and unexpectedly felt happiness over Harry and Hermione, she had known for a long time that they shared something special and they deserved everything. She felt happy and for a moment it felt like the war was not in her mind anymore. Though they barely noticed it and payed no attention to people staring at them, people pointing their fingers and whispering. All of those in war got used to the whispers rather quickly in school and Harry had been talked about ever since he was an infant. They didn't notice teachers looking over at Harry with pride and happiness in their eyes, but McGonagall kept on looking at the group and smiled at what she had seen before, happy to see Harry and Hermione in better place than they were at the end of summer, when they visited. McGonagall smiled once again at the thought of normalcy returning. Barely six months before the hall had been in rubble, when Voldemort finally fell. Whole castle was destroyed in the final battle, but the castle had been restored, Death Eaters captured, students were back and once again Potter was the center of attention – like nothing had happened last year. She noticed Harry and Hermione sitting close together, surrounded by friends, all of those, who fought in the battle and survived, she remembered how fragile, lost and empty they had been at the beginning of schoolyear. The lost souls seemed to be found. At last some amount of normalcy was back in Hogwarts.