while Daphne and Astoria went deep red and wide eyed, Ginny's eyes flew open and her face bunt more than either Slytherin girls. "You want my panties?" she asked because she wasn't sure she heard right. "The pair you're wearing. Yes," Ruby corrected and agreed. "B-but why?" Ginny asked squirming in embarrassment and licking her dry lips a little. But Ruby just gave her a look. "Okay. Okay. No-questions asked. Okay, just make sure no one's looking. But I'm staying here until I can get some new undies!" she said while Ruby moved to block the compartment window. Ginny turned from them and hitched her skirt showing her pale blue panties to her tight little butt before squirming them down to drop to her ankles. She unintentionally flashed them her bare bottom for a second before setting her skirt right. She then bent down and picked her panties up before sitting down opposite the Slytherin girls. "Here!" she said handing them over to Ruby, blushing bright red as she took them. "Thanks!" she said throwing them to Daphne, the blonde caught them, blushing. "There. Still warm!" "Umm… thanks," Daphne said before quickly stuffing them away in her pocket. "Okay. I really don't want to know!" Ginny said eyeing the Slytherin girls suspiciously. "But I am so curious. Please tell me you're not perverting over me like Astoria is for Ruby. This Red Ridinghood, here," she said poking Ruby in the tone tummy causing a small giggle as she moved back slightly, "loves the attention. But I really don't think I need that kind of attention! Though, getting a close-up look, Ruby's right, you are both extremely sexy!" she teased. "Ginevra. Please leave them alone!" Ruby said as she reclaimed her seat. "And me too, I know you would love to perv all over us." "Oh, our dear Ruby Rose has guts, but come now," Ginny said with a crafty grin as she slid her fingers along the hem of her skirt moving it slightly to give the three other girls a very quick flash of the area between her legs, soft and smooth with a soft dusting of red hairs above the moist slit. "I know who the naughty girls are when I see them-." "The-the knickers are for Malfoy and Parkinson!" Tracey quickly blurted out while her heart pounded painfully in her chest and she was feeling as if she had wet herself. "It was a bet," she continued. "We didn't want to lose. And Potter said she could get us your knickers in exchange for a no-questions asked favour from each of us in return." "Wow. You girls have guts!" Ginny said sitting back and crossing her legs, giving them another daring flash, quick that time. Ginny smirked as both Slytherins looked. She folded her arms over her black blouse, under her full breasts trying to hold in her own blushing cheeks. " "I've been worried about what Ruby would ask for, from me," Ginny said sheepishly. "But my knickers is an easy one. And I still owe her a debt for saving my life...! "But this feels really weird though," Ginny said with an impish smile as she caught Daphne and Tracey flittering their eyes to her legs while obviously hoping for another flash. "Sitting here without my panties on is an odd experience. And I'm only wearing a skirt. Maybe I should have worn some trousers. But with legs like mine. Why hide them away? You know right-? Checking out my legs, hoping for a free glimpse up my skirt, naughty girls." Ginny grinned widely as she leaned over to Ruby, winking. "I know you love when we get to shower together, don't you? When you stay at mine? The way we wash each other's backs?" Ruby rolled her eyes and pushed Ginny back with a finger poking her nose. "Stop being an idiot before Astoria shows up and hears you. Who knows what she would do to you! Having seen me naked. And touched me in such intimate areas before she ever got a chance," she said before turning back to Daphne and Tracey while they were both silently laughing and blushing as they let their imaginations take hold. "I am surrounded by freaks!" Ruby said with a mock tired yawn. "Says the girl that hangs around with Luna Lovegood at the expense of having many other friends!" Tracey commented whimsically. "Hey, Luna's cool!" Ruby said glare pouting. "She doesn't treat me like I'm some kind of property to the Witchy World-!" "Witchy World...?" All three of them asked at the same time. "I'm not calling it the Wizarding World!" she replied while sticking her tongue out. "Anyway, Luna lets me spank her bare arse when I'm feeling angry. It's a great stress relief." "You what?" The three of them asked at the same time. Ruby shrugged smugly. "Yeah, so. Back during my second year when everyone was accusing me of opening the Chamber of Secrets I just said to her that whoever really did it needed a spanking. And she said I could spank her if it would make me feel better. And I think she only offered because I gave her the attention no-one else would, and now her butt is kind of a stress relieve aid." "That explained why Luna offered to let me spank her that one time," Ginny said with a thoughtful nod. "But wait," she said looking to Ruby as she had a crafty grin on her lips. "No. Come on. You can't." "I almost forgot about that," Ruby said with a vicious grin. "You girls can watch if you want!" "Totally," Tracey readily agreed. "I think you'll have to invite, Astoria too," Daphne agreed while looking at Ginny smugly. "She would be pissed if she missed watching that." "Luna won't want to miss the fun either," Ruby agreed with a poisonous smile while Ginny paled and gulped but for some reason, the thought made her wetter than ever.