teacher that gave me my acceptance letter, and we think that maybe your mother's sacrifice gave you some sort of magical protection, or you subconsciously created some of your own." Harry remained silent for the last few minutes of the drive as he digested this. Ms. Killian turned into the driveway of a dark blue and white house that was somewhat smaller than the Dursley home. She had inherited it from her grandparents, which was the main reason why she was working in Surrey. Once inside, she showed him where the hall closet was so he could hang up his coat, and then they went to the kitchen, where she proceeded to make two sandwiches and poured out a glass of milk. So that Harry wouldn't feel awkward about being the only one eating, she grabbed an apple for herself. When he was done eating, he would have washed the plate and cup he used, but Ms. Killian stopped him and gave him a demonstration of magic instead by pointing her wand and saying, " Scourgify ." In a flash the plate and cup were sparkling clean, and she demonstrated another spell by levitating them into the cabinet she kept her dishes in. Harry was awed by the use of magic. "Wow, will I be able to that?" he asked, then flinched when he realized that he'd asked a question. The Dursleys hadn't wanted him to ask questions at all, and his aunt had slapped him the few times he did. Then he remembered that he'd asked a few questions during the car ride and nothing happened other than Ms. Killian answering them, so he tried to relax a bit. "After you have some lessons first, Harry," she said with a smile. "I can have you look through some of my old schoolbooks later and go over the theory with you, and perhaps teach you a couple of easy spells. But you'll learn most of it once you start Hogwarts. Now, I'm sorry that I have to do this, but I have to document the abuse you went through and gather evidence. You said during the car ride that your uncle hit you with his belt last night. So would you please let me have a look?" Harry hesitated for a few seconds, then slowly took of the overlarge and ugly jumper he was wearing and lifted up the shirt he was wearing underneath. Ms. Killian said nothing as she took in the welts that crisscrossed his back, but her lips thinned. She took out her camera and took pictures of it, then told him that he could lower his shirt and made some more notes for the file. When she was done, she said, "Why don't you come with me to the bathroom and I'll put some salve on your back and get you healed up a bit. Then I'll get you settled in a room and you can shower." "Aunt Petunia would only let me take ten minutes to shower," Harry said. "And I couldn't use the hot water. I had to use different soap and shampoo from my relatives, and they only got new ones for me every four months. I got yelled at once for using up the shampoo in three months, and made to do extra chores to pay Aunt Petunia for having to go out and buy more for me." Ms. Killian grimaced at this and had to silently remind herself that at least Harry had been able to shower on his own and hadn't been forced into scalding hot or ice cold baths as further torment. "Well, you can take as long as you want to shower here," she said. "And use all the hot water you want. Could you please take off your shirt so I can put on the salve, Harry?" As he did so, she took out the jar of salve from the medicine cabinet in the bathroom, then gently smeared some over his back. Despite her gentleness, he still flinched and had to bite his lip to keep from hissing or whimpering in pain. "I'm sorry about the pain," Ms. Killian apologized, putting the jar back in the cabinet. She finished by taking out her wand and doing a spell that would speed up the healing. Once Harry put his shirt back on, she grabbed his backpack and paper sack and led him upstairs. "You can stay in my old bedroom for the time being," she said, walking past the master bedroom (which had once been her grandparents' and which was now hers), a bathroom, and the guest room. She opened the door opposite the guest room, revealing a bedroom, decorated in shades of pink, violet, and lavender, which was a little bigger than the one assigned to him at the Dursleys. "I know the color scheme is rather girly, but that's easily fixed. Here." She waved her wand around the room, saying a spell at the same time, and the wallpaper, bedspread, and pillows became a dark blue that was the color of the night sky with forest green and silver trim. As Harry looked around at the color change in awe, Ms. Killian went over to the closet. It was empty, since she'd removed all her old clothes shortly after her Hogwarts graduation and donated them. She placed his belongings in the closet, then went out to the hall closet and got a sheet and pillowcase. These she transfigured into clothes and underthings for Harry. "Here," she said, coming back into the room, "take these and go to the bathroom to shower. I'll take you shopping for some new clothes tomorrow, but these will do for now. I suggest you use the white bar of soap, since the pink one's the one I use and I doubt you'll want to smell of roses. You can use one of the towels on the shelf to dry yourself with when you're done. I have some calls to make now."