look at this. These shin pads don't have a scratch on them!" Harry leaned forward and saw that, indeed, the shin pads looked immaculate, as though they were newly bought. "Are you sure they're yours?" Harry asked. "Maybe you grabbed the wrong bag." Oliver shook his head. "No, no, they're definitely mine. They have my initials carved onto them." "Oh…" Harry said, racking his brain for another explanation. "Maybe you set some charm on them that has them repaired every once in a while?" Oliver seemed to think on this. "I haven't set anything on them to my knowledge." He sighed. "Oh well," he said, shrugging. He smiled suddenly, back to being his easygoing self. "No point worrying over something that isn't exactly a bad thing. Maybe a charm was already set on them when I bought them." "Yeah," Harry agreed. The two Gryffindors stayed for a while longer in the common room, talking about Quidditch strategies and the upcoming games. Then, the two parted ways with Harry going upstairs to his dormitory for his nap and Oliver rushing out of the common room when he noticed the Weasley twins coming down from their dorm, lest they ask him more questions that he didn't particularly want to answer. Harry yawned at the dinner table, smothering his face with his hand before Hermione could see. He didn't want to worry her with the notion that he wasn't getting enough sleep. Though his nap had been a welcome few hours of rest, for some reason Harry still felt the effects of drowsiness lingering in his body. "You gotten any work done on that essay, Harry?" Hermione asked. "Ron was in the library with me all afternoon working on his, but we couldn't find you anywhere." Harry blinked. Potions essay. Right. The one he still hadn't started. "Yeah, don't worry," he lied through his teeth. "I've started it." "Good," Hermione said approvingly. All-nighter it is, Harry thought to himself begrudgingly. He really had to sort out his work habits if he wanted to make it through the year without fainting in exhaustion. Oliver appeared suddenly, smiling at Harry as he took the seat in front of him and started piling food on his plate. Harry stifled another yawn. Before he could gather himself to start a conversation with Oliver, he noticed someone behind Oliver, staring at the Gryffindor Quidditch captain intently. Harry was shocked to see that it was Marcus Flint. That's not good, Harry thought worriedly. Was the Slytherin captain planning something? Just as Harry leaned forward to warn Oliver, the doors opened and a big group of Hufflepuffs entered, chatting amongst themselves quite noisily. Harry saw Cedric Diggory veer off from the group and walk over to the Gryffindor table, towards Oliver. Harry heard Fred and George snickering somewhere to his right. "Hey, Oliver," Cedric called. Oliver turned around. When he realized it was Cedric, his cheeks reddened ever so slightly, but Harry caught the change. "Hey," Oliver replied. "I just wanted to congratulate you on the win against Ravenclaw," Cedric said, smiling, "You played amazingly." "Oh," Oliver said, seemingly stunned. "Thank you. Good luck against Slytherin tomorrow." Cedric's eyes twinkled with mirth as he nodded at his Gryffindor counterpart and left to join the Hufflepuff table. "Oh he is so into you, dear Ollie," Fred cooed. "Oh don't you start," Oliver complained. "He just wanted to congratulate the team for the win." "If he really wanted…" George said. "…to congratulate us…" Fred continued. "…on our game…" "…then he would have congratulated…" "…the whole team, but he didn't…" "…which clearly means that…" "…he likes you, you dope." "…exactly." "I hate it when you two do that," Oliver groaned. Fred chuckled. "Well, that one we practiced, I admit." "What?" Oliver asked, confused. "Duh, Ollie," George rolled his eyes. "We knew you and Cedric kissed before you told us. We just wanted to, well…" "…push you along in the relationship, shall we say." "Push me – we're not in a relationship of any sort outside Quidditch!" Oliver exclaimed. "Right…" Fred said, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. "Not yet ," George finished. Oliver groaned and buried his head in his hands as a couple more Gryffindors joined in Fred and George's laughter. Suddenly, the doors of the Great Hall opened again and in came the group of Slytherins who had been given the day off. They were led by Draco Malfoy, who was flanked by Zabini and Higgs. Harry found his eyes fixated on Malfoy. He'd changed so much since the year before. This was the first time he'd gotten a good look at him since school had broken up last year for summer. Malfoy was a lot taller now. He held himself with poise and good stature, obviously expected of a Malfoy. His face had lost any remaining baby fat, and his cheekbones were much more pronounced, almost like they could cut through ice. His eyes were still that familiar stormy grey, though Harry noticed that they had lost the annoying glint that used to be present in them every time he would insult Harry in the past. Malfoy's hair was slicked back, the platinum blond complimenting the color of his skin. Harry watched as Malfoy walked down the isle of the Great Hall, looking at the way his muscles rippled beneath his white dress shirt which he wore instead of his school robes, which were lain across one shoulder. It was as though Malfoy had shed the child in him, Harry realized. He didn't irritate Harry to the core like he used to. In fact, Malfoy looked rather… rather handsome. Harry stopped himself before he could manage another thought. Handsome? Malfoy? he almost yelled at himself in disbelief. But it was true. The Slytherin was tall, lean, muscled, strikingly good looking. Harry had never noticed it before. But now the realization was hitting him like a bucket of ice cold water. No, he told himself. You cannot be attracted to Draco bloody Malfoy.