the onset, but to be so vulnerable in front of rivals and possible enemies, he had been taught it was always too great a risk. But Merlin, he had felt both hot and cold inside. Not showing any emotion. Not touching himself. Not giving into weakness. Then again, Potter was good; he was a hero, Blaise excused. Potter could be trusted. What had tipped the scale for him was Potter submitting to his fellow Slytherins. No games. No ulterior motives. Potter basking in his pleasure, nothing more. Having gained Harry's attention, with smooth finesse, Blaise unzipped his flies, removing his proud length from his silk pants. Harry's breath hitched; he had never seen a wizard as hung as Blaise, even in the dirty magazines he owl ordered from Flourish & Blotts. Blaise's cock was as thick as Harry's wrist, and so long, it weighted itself down. Still fully clothed in his snappy wizarding attire, Blaise stepped onto the ottoman, placing a foot on either side of Draco's waist. With Harry looking up at him in awe, he righted Harry's glasses upon his nose before burying both of his hands into the back of Harry's soft, unruly mop. Angling Harry's head up and bending slightly at the knees, Blaise positioned himself in front of Harry's mouth. Harry's expression of desire and trepidation amused him, but he kept his lips from twitching into a grin. With absolute control, Blaise wiped the accumulated pre-cum on the head of his cock onto Harry's kissed-swollen lips. Harry slipped out his tongue, touching and tasting him at the same time, necessitating Blaise to inhale a slow, deep breath. Harry, already high on endorphins, opened his jaw wide to accommodate Blaise's girth. Being pulled forward by the back of his head, Harry engulfed Blaise's cock with wet heat, his cheeks hollowing as he sucked hard, massaging with his tongue. Blaise's face gave nothing away as he pumped his hips in an invariable rhythm, but now, both of his hands were clutching Harry's hair so hard that Harry's scalp had begun to ache. Harry relaxed his throat and tilted his head to accommodate more of Blaise's length while he simultaneously clenched his sphincter. He observed as Blaise swallowed and then parted his lips for a moment. He also grinned around Blaise's cock when he heard Draco's and Theo's moans. Four minutes later, beads of sweat had formed on Blaise's forehead, and he was breathing heavily through clenched teeth, but his thrusts were still rather sedate. When Draco began stroking Harry through the window of Blaise's legs, Harry's throat convulsed in surprise, and his mouth vibrated with a long groan. Harry's wanton action blasted the last shred of control Blaise had. With a deep growl, Blaise began fucking Harry's mouth without mercy, bottoming out his long, thick cock. "Fuck…" Blaise moaned in a low voice, repeating the word over and over, each time a little louder, and then the first spasm of orgasm hit him. "FUUUCK!" Blaise roared, shooting his load straight down Harry's willing throat. As he came, he was dizzy with bliss; swearing, grunting, and moaning his pleasure until he was floating in a sea of contentment. Panting, Blaise collapsed onto his knees, resting his forehead on Harry's shoulder, and ignored Draco's hand moving near his crotch, still fondling Harry. Theo had been enraptured by Blaise's journey to release; his refined but stifled bearing falling away, one thrust at a time. The picture of his face at the end, a mixture of peace and surrender, stayed in Theo's mind as he pounded next to Draco's prick and into Harry's arse. "It's coming…" Theo groaned. "I can feel it…so close." And then he was shuddering, grinding himself into Harry's arse as deep as possible so that every drop of his come would land inside Harry's hot hole. "Feel that, Potter. Feel me filling you up." Harry groaned and, in a guttural voice, replied, "Yes," rocking himself atop Draco. Draco hissed; Blaise's, Theo's, and Harry's actions pushing him to the brink. On his next thrust, he drove his member in deeper than he had been able to, Theo's cock having begun to soften and his spunk adding lubrication. Canting his hips so that Draco would slam directly into his prostate, Harry stared straight at him and pleaded, "Please, Malfoy… Fuck me harder. Need you…" It was going to happen, Draco thought, committing to memory Harry's bruised lips and tousled hair; Potter was begging him for it. "Oh, fuck… Oh, fuck… Potter…" "Malfoy," Harry responded, encouraging Draco with his hips to fist his cock faster. "Yes," he hissed. "Want you…" Harry was too much. Draco's eyes rolled back into his head as thick jets of come flooded into Harry. "Ah…" he gasped each time another strong pull of his muscles swept over him until his last spasm petered out. Harry's arse twitched as Theo's and Draco's release trickled out of him. He was right there, on the cusp of his own orgasm, but this felt too brilliant; he didn't want it to end. Blaise's hand joined Draco's in stimulating Harry's cock, causing Harry's body to arch and then stiffen. "YES!" Harry cried out as the first shattering pulse of ecstasy flared throughout his body. Line after line of creamy come erupted from his prick and onto Blaise's custom-made clothes until he was completely wrung out. While Harry came down from his high, Blaise peered at the state of his shirt and then, not bothering to hide what he was feeling, broke into quiet laughter, the corners of his slanted eyes crinkling with unabashed amusement. Swiping his thumb against his shirt, Blaise brought the digit to his mouth, sucking and tasting, and when Harry leaned forward for a kiss, he let him. The End Thank you for reading! Comments are always welcome. For this fest, I also drew a piece titled "The Snake Dress," featuring cross-dressing!Draco. It can be viewed on DeviantArt under ladyofsilverdawn or on AO3 under ladyofsilverdawn (ladyofSD). :)