pocket of his robes. Just incase. " Looking for something?" The voice nearly caused him to jump out of his skin. " Granger ," he growled as he whipped around, nearly dropping everything he carried. Hermione stood behind him, books tucked in the crook of her arm and one eyebrow quirked up; a snarky smirk placed upon her lips. "What is it you have there?" she questioned, jutting her chin out towards the pocket containing the stolen draught. "If I said none of your business and called you a mudblood, would it help you sod off quicker so you could make it to the girl's lavatory to cry in peace?" he shot back, quirking up an eyebrow. "I'd say it's most likely empty by now." "Not a chance," responded Hermione. "We're not in second year anymore. And I could very well punch you in the face again, if you'd like that." Malfoy said nothing, choosing instead to shoot her a glare before scooting past the young witch. "I know you're the one who broke Harry's nose…" she called out just as he reached the door. Draco halted in his tracks and turned to face her again, his signature smirk already in place. "Potty boy wonder tell on me, did he?" " No ," she scowled. "I'm just not stupid, Malfoy." "Stupid? No. I'd never call you stupid . Not when there are already so many other more fitting descriptive words for you. Such as annoying, irritating, nosey -" he began listing as her face showed more and more annoyance with every word he spoke. "-ugly, condecending-" "Are you quite done, yet?" She snapped, her eyes blazing. "No, I forgot the most important adjective of all," he said in amused tone. " Dirty , Granger. We can't forget dirty, now can we?" he finished with a mocking smile. "Whatever, Malfoy. Are you ever going to grow up?" "Ah, that'll be the condescension!" He exclaimed. "Now, sorry to put a damper on your interrogations, but I have places to be. So if you'll excuse me…" the young blond shot out as he made his way for the exit once more. "Draco ? " an all too fermiliar voice called out from the other side of the door. Pansy . "I was wondering what-" she stopped dead as she entered the classroom, spotting Granger. "What's going on in here ?" she questioned, crossing her arms and looking back and forth from Hermione to Draco- alone, in an empty classroom. "Nothing, Pansy," he snapped at her, annoyed. "Let's go Grabbing her arm, Draco lead Pansy out of the classroom and down the corridor. "Why were you talking to the mudblood ?" she asked, a hint of jealousy laced in her tone. "Language, Parkinson!" he spat, only slightly aware of his own hypocrisy. "If someone hears you spewing that shit, I'll have to take points from our house. I'm still a prefect , remember?" Pansy stopped walking, tearing her arm from his grasp. "Why are you avoiding the question?!" she demanded, crossing her arms across her chest again. Taking a deep breath, Draco placed his fingers on the bridge of his nose between his eyes, trying desperately not to start screaming at her about her fits of jealousy and overactive imagination. It's only the first day of classes and she's already accusing me of fucking Granger, of all people. "Okay," he said, dead panning. "Let's get a few things straight," he stalked towards her. Pansy backed up as he placed one hand firmly on the wall behind her. "Number one, I shouldn't have to explain anything to you. We're not dating, we're not together, we're not even fucking . And even if, for some reason I decide to fuck you again- you still would have no right to question me because I don't fucking answer to you ," Pansy visably flinched at his words, but that didn't seem to break his concentration as he glared down at her. "Two, stop following me. Stop waiting for me after class, stop looking for me in the common room, just stop. If I need you for any reason , I will be the one to come find you. Do you understand me?" his tone was low and calm, despite his harsh cutting words. Pansy nodded her head in recognition as Draco drew back to a stand, dropping his arm. "Glad we're clear. Now get out of here, or that thing I said I would think about, is a firm no on my part." Without a word, Pansy readjusted the bag that hung lazily off of her shoulder and took off down the corridor, swiping at the tears that had formed on her eyes. Sighing, he rubbed at his temples, attempting to will away the headache that throbbed throughout his head. This is going to be a long fucking year, he thought as he turned on his heels and made his way to his next class. Author's Note : Okay, so I needed a bit of a lighter fic to play with in between my two darker WIPs I have up. This fic is inspired by Skins, and I will be starting off each chapter with a favorite quote as well as throwing in a little nod here and there within the story itself. I don't expect it to be fluffy, that's not really my style. If anything, expect a lot of angst. I have a loose idea of how this is all going to go, however I might change something or throw things in here or there so as far as warnings go, just assume everything and proceed with caution. As always, thank you so much for reading! Reviews are greatly encouraged and appreciated. I'm excited to start working on this, but I'm not quite sure how often it will be updated at this point. Probably fairly often at first and then spaced out to make time to work on Snapped and Malicious Intent. Love you guys! :)