at her, pained. "Don't you see, Dora? Of course I have feelings for you. Look at you. You're like no one I've ever laideyes on. It just cannot happen. What if I hurt you? What would people think? Think of how this would impact you! Good Godric, I'm a werewolf. I'm not for you! You deserve better." "What about what I want, Remus? I. DON'T. CARE! I don't want ' better'! I want YOU." As she met his gaze their eyes locked and for a moment that felt like forever they both seemed to hold their breath. "Dora," he exhaled as he rose from his seat, laying his hands flat onto the table, leaning in further towards her. "Why am I wasting my breath? You aren't going to listen. You won't see it my way. You're going to keep arguing with me about this." Her eyes narrowed as she met his challenged stance, but kicked her chair over behind her as she stood. "Yep. Yes to all." "You're never going to quit." "Nope." The wolf inside him stirred as he rounded the table, closing the space between them. "I'm wrong for you," he breathed, so close to her face it took the air out of her lungs. She closed her eyes briefly then straightened, squaring her shoulders as she rose on to her toes and touched her nose to his, defiantly. "False. Completely false. I decide that and I say you're wrong." At that he lost control. "Oh, bugger it." He reached out to her, wrapping his arm around her waist and pulling her towards him. She squeaked as their lips connected and he gripped her waist lifting her up onto the table. In one quick motion he raised his hands up slightly to grip the hem of her shirt lifting it up over her head gracefully. Returning to her, he cupped her face in his hands and latched on in a deep kiss. She wrapped her legs around him pulling him closer, forcing a growl from him. He reached behind her to clear the table, pushing its contents to the floor. She giggled as they parted to catch their breath. "Wow, Remus you are an animal aren't you?" Narrowing his eyes at her mocking, he gripped the top of her pyjama pants and pulled them down revealing black cotton knickers. "Hush, soon." At that her laughter ceased, her breath hitched, and skin flushed. "Yes, sir", she exhaled softly, sitting up to meet him while reaching back to expose herself to him and throwing her bra to the floor. "You'll be the death of me, witch," he murmured as he crashed his lips to hers, urging them to part as their tongues danced together. He moved his mouth to her jaw ,down her neck, nipping at each pulse point he came across. She snaked her arms around his neck gripping his hair as he explored every inch of her, causing her breath to quicken and her core to heat. Remus felt the wolf stir within him as he moved down her body, easing her back down on the table, tracing her breast with his tongue before taking the pebbled peak into his mouth, relishing in the gasps he drew out of her. As he devoured her he reached a hand between them to tease her. He groaned into her as he felt her wetness, his fingers dancing at her folds. "Please, Remus," she softly begged. "I want you. I want you now. I've wanted you for so long." Something in him snapped and he undid his trousers, looking down at her with dark eyes. She didn't skip a beat, lifting up and removing her knickers in one swift motion. He grasped his length as looked down at her before pausing. "Are you sure, Dora?" "Don't you dare stop. Don't you dare," she whispered firmly as she sat back up holding his face within her hands. He lined up at her center collapsing onto her with a groan. She floated her hands behind his neck, holding onto him as though if she let go he would float away. Every cell in her body caught fire at the feel of him inside her as pleasure coiled deep within as they locked eyes. Remus thrusted rhythmically as he melted into the feel of her encasing him. Either his stamina wasn't what it used to be,, or this dance they had been engaged in for months was foreplay in its own right. His release was building as he felt her tighten around him. "I'm so close. Remus, please don't stop." Wrapping one hand around her neck and entangling into her hair, tracing one hand from her hip down to behind her knee he lifted her leg and lowered her body down, changing their angle, urging her to let go. "Come with me, beautiful," he exhaled each syllable as he closed his eyes, holding off his release as she reached hers. She let go, releasing a scream as her body tensed and then completely released, her orgasm rippling through her entire body as she felt him thrust twice more, enjoying his own release as she lay below him in her bliss. She let out a soft laugh as he lowered to her, tracing kisses from her eyelids to her lips to her earlobe. "I was a stupid prat. A right stupid prat. I'll never do that again. I'm never letting you go," Remus muttered breathlessly, planting kisses over her face. "As if I would let you," she murmured, placing her teeth over the arch of his neck, marking him as her own as she nipped lightly at his skin. A/N: Oh, hi! More notes from me. I am humbled and honored that this won Best Love Confession and Best Trapped Together Plot. I can not begin to tell you how grateful I am to be a part of this series as each OS was AMAZING! I highly recommend finding all the entries over at AO3.