her from within, as though hoping to escape her , to find an audience with the man kissing her. As he pulled away, his gaze bored into hers, drenched with longing and adoration and all the awful things that felt too wonderful for words. Rose felt the discord clutch within her chest, trying to keep her heart from falling apart. Because despite everything they felt for each other, he didn't want her—not the way she needed to be wanted. To Scorpius, everything was temporary, and so was she in the grand scheme of things. She still recalled the day in fourth year when he told her he would leave, because there was nothing here for him. The Open House rejection was proof enough. And she would stay, because that was the right thing for her. She was Rose Weasley. She would find a safe, decent man. And he would be nothing like Scorpius Malfoy. And yet, she couldn't look away from him. They simply watched each other, mesmerised, the same way he sometimes caught her eye in History of Magic, his chair leaning back to meet her desk as his gaze lingered on her face… He wrapped his arms around her and tugged her close, their breaths warm on each other's skin. Noses touching; gold and red splashed across a single pillow. Even now, just the sight of him, tousled and ardent, gave her the same jolt she felt when they saw each other the first time those many years ago, across a crowded train platform. Even then, he devastated her. Perhaps he always would. Then, against her better judgment, she heard herself say, "Tell me not to go with Jonah. And I won't." It was unwise of her and she regretted her words at once, because she already knew his answer. Scorpius made a soft sound between a sigh and a laugh, the expression in his eyes strangely sombre. Instead, his palm clasped gently at her hip, drawing her to him once more as he kissed her, his mouth hot and languid against hers. She understood exactly what he meant by it. One day you'll find somebody who finally deserves you. And he'll be nothing like me. His eyes fluttered open to the sight of her unshed tears. Rose blinked back to him, took in the storm of his gaze and the redness of a mouth that had just marked her as his. His adam's apple bobbed as he swallowed. His pride, his hopes, his love for her. The overwhelming urge to kiss him there settled within her instead, like a paperweight in her gut. Scorpius leaned in, brushing the tips of her wet eyelashes with his thumb. "You know I'm proud of you, don't you," he murmured at last. "For getting an invitation to the Open House. You deserve it." You deserve better than me. "I have to go," Rose said with false cheer in her voice, her smile barely reaching her eyes. "Promise you'll come to class." "Of course." Scorpius paused as she moved to untangle herself from him, a hand belatedly reaching out to her—"Rose, wait." But Rose had already turned away from him, her legs swinging to the side of the bed. Fabius Fawley looked surprised when the curtains swung open, starting in his bed as Rose hurried past him and a wide-eyed Tarquin without so much as a goodbye. She would apologise for her poor manners tomorrow, of course. But for now, she had to go, before— Before he could spot her broken heart. No, Rose thought, a fist clutched at the fabric of her jumper as she tried not to cry. That wouldn't do at all. Perhaps this time, on this perfectly chilly November's day, Rose would find love. Perhaps Jonah Newell was the one, with his toothy grin and uninhibited chatter. Perhaps all she had to do was try to fall in love with this man, wholehearted and true, the way she tried so hard with her ex-boyfriends. Because there was absolutely nothing wrong with any of them. And when Jonah bought her the most delicious chocolate ice-cream cone, Rose promised her soft heart that she would at least try. Scorpius was in Hogsmeade with a girl from Ravenclaw. Rose knew, because Celeste told her. It's just one of his many girl admirers, her friend insisted. You know it's nothing to him, don't you, Rose? She was waiting for Jonah outside Honeydukes, licking at her ice-cream cone, when their gazes locked from across the snowy street. Instantly, she could feel the heat rise up her cheeks, the warmth pooling from her centre. How was it that after all these years, Rose wondered desperately, just the sight of Scorpius still made her so shy? It didn't help that Scorpius was moving towards her with long, purposeful strides, blond hair tousled in the wind, his Slytherin scarf hiding his smile. As though he hadn't already broken her heart a thousand times. Despite the lacklustre temperament that plagued him of late, being outdoors had obviously worked its magic. He looked more relaxed than she remembered him from a few days ago, the colour high on his cheekbones, his stare alight with razor-sharp mischief… In other words, recklessly handsome as always. Rose felt her back hit the wall as he approached, a soft gasp at the back of her throat as Scorpius reached for her free hand and squeezed it, an almost-smile tugging at his lips… before wordlessly moving past her to join the crowd in Honeydukes. "Scorpius," his date called crossly, weaving through the throngs of people as she hurried to follow him into the store, "wait up, won't you?" Rose watched them disappear past the wooden doors, her face warm from the brief contact. It took her a moment to feel the bit of parchment within her gloved palm. She unfolded it. And wished it didn't hurt to be so happy. I bought the Hot Plums. Dungeons, 8 o'clock. You need me. Love, S.