screamed Bellatrix, cutting Hermione on the cheek again and bringing out another scream. Draco watched with a horrified expression and winced at the scream. He wished she would just tell the truth and get it over with. "I found it! In the forest!" sobbed Hermione. "That sword was placed in my Gringott's vault by Severus Snape! You stole it from me!" accused Bellatrix, an inch from Hermione's terrified face. "N-no! I swear, I j-just found it!" Hermione continued, being completely honest. Harry had found it, they didn't steal anything, and she didn't know what else to say. "Tell the truth! CRUCIO !" hissed Bellatrix. The screams echoed and filled the entire house, causing Draco to look away and close his eyes. But Bellatrix just smiled maliciously. Draco wished the mudblood would just tell the truth, because he knew that Bellatrix wasn't going to stop until she had what she wanted. When Bellatrix finally lifted the torture spell after what felt like ages, Hermione was gasping and shaking in pain as they waited for an answer. "Are you going to tell me what I want to know, or shall I continue for a few more minutes?" asked Bellatrix in a whisper. The entire room was silent, the only sound being Hermione's sobs. Nobody dared to move or speak against Bellatrix. "So be it. CRUCIO -!" "It is her! It is the mudblood!" Draco burst out impulsively. His face was a shade paler than usual, and he looked like he was going to be sick. If he could leave the room, he would have done exactly that, but it was the duty of a Death Eater to stay. And if he had to be there, he didn't want to watch sickening torture. And if Hermione wasn't going to tell the truth, he had to do it for her. "You're certain?" she demanded. Draco nodded, avoiding eye contact with Bellatrix while he responded. "I can tell by her face. She's just changed her hair and eye colour." "Good! So we have the mudblood, who was travelling with Potter," said Bellatrix, more to herself than anyone else. Hermione's eyes were filled with tears of pain as her body still ached from the Cruciatus curse. She looked up at Draco, feeling both relief that he had stopped Bellatrix, but also remorse because her identity was known. She was once again wondering about his actions, it was rather strange. She expected him to be smirking, calling her a mudblood, telling Bellatrix to torture her some more. But she suddenly realised that Draco Malfoy really wasn't as evil as they'd always thought him to be. She glanced at his mother and father, realising that the entire Malfoy family must be suffering. "And her tent was big, easily big enough for three people," rasped Greyback in excitement. Bellatrix nodded eagerly. "Well, mudblood. You are going to tell us where you found this sword, and you're going to tell us where Potter and your other blood traitor friend Weasley are," said Bellatrix, her wand at the ready. "I-I don't know where they a-are, they c-could be anywhere!" said Hermione frantically, looking back at Bellatrix in fear. "Liar! Crucio !" hissed Bellatrix, causing screams to erupt into the room once more. The torture went on and on, a constant stop and start of the Cruciatus curse. After at least twenty minutes, Hermione could no longer take it. Draco was relieved when she began to tell the truth. He'd almost forgotten that he was supposed to hate her. But it was impossible to hate someone so unfortunate. Tears and blood stained her face as she sobbed and began talking. "I cast a s-spell on H-harry and Ron to make them in-invisible before they caught me!" said Hermione as her tears spilled onto the floor. Bellatrix seemed to be completely emotionless, and payed no attention to the crying. "So they're still at the forest? You did that so they couldn't move?" panted Bellatrix, who appeared to be rather tired from the torturing. Hermione nodded, still sobbing and unable to talk. "Greyback! Go to the forest, find Potter and Weasley!" Bellatrix ordered in excitement. "You can't tell me what to do!" growled Greyback. He seemed incredibly stubborn and angry; he'd caught Hermione and it seemed as though he wasn't going to be paid for it at all. The other snatchers were all unconscious, and Bellatrix was taking all the glory. That's all that mattered to snatchers and Death Eaters: gold and serving Voldemort. There was no such thing as friends and socializing. Life was miserable for Draco, being the youngest Death Eater. The other Slytherin's were at Hogwarts while he was at the Manor, being ordered around by Voldemort, being forced to do things he considered inhuman. "If you catch them you will get all the gold you can imagine, GO!" shrieked Bellatrix, and with that Greyback apparated with a greedy smile. "And the sword? Tell me about the sword!" Bellatrix demanded, crouching down and pointing the silver knife at Hermione's throat. "Harry found it! He got it f-from a lake! W-we didn't steal it, s-someone else did!" Hermione sobbed, desperately telling the truth once more. But she knew Bellatrix wouldn't believe it, it seemed unbelievable even as she said it. The knife pressed against her cheek again, slicing into the skin painfully. "You're lying!" hissed Bellatrix furiously. "I'm n-not, PLEASE!" Hermione screamed, struggling and trying to desperately pull herself away from Bellatrix. There was a crack! as Greyback re-appeared into the room again. "They took the tent and escaped. I was seconds late," rasped Greyback angrily. "You'll never catch them," Hermione sobbed from the floor. Despite what she'd been through, she still had a spark of defiance in her tone. " CRUCIO !" Thank you for reading! If you liked this chapter, please feel free to review and add to alerts/favourites! :) Check out my other stories! Draco and Hermione - s/5661111/1/Draco-and-Hermione The Soul Connection - s/9868543/1/The-Soul-Connection The Time-Turner Division - s/12337018/1/The-Time-Turner-Division