while in a portrait." Hermione said turning to Harry, who laughed with her. The actual Hermione stared in both confusion and shock. "Looking good Granger." McLaggen joked. "Get out of here, git." The portrait Ron spat. "Civility Ronald. I do believe they are looking for their new dorm, which I'm afraid to say, is down the hall on the left behind the portrait of Severus Snape if I do remember correctly. Now chop chop, I'm sure we will all see plenty of each other later." Dumbledore said, waving his hand in the direction they were intended to go. "Who were all those people?" Tracey asked as they followed the passage down. "The Order of the Phoenix. They fought against you-know-who in the first and second war." Hermione explained. "Well, well. If it isn't my favorite students." Snape drawled as they approached. "Password?" " Albus. " One of the Patil twins called out. Snape gave his fake little smirk, and he stepped out of the way. Everyone just stood and stared. "Walk through you fools. It's a barrier to make sure any students not permitted don't join in on your tomfoolery." "I never thought I'd here Snape say tomfoolery. He's still bloody terrifying." Neville whispered as the Slytherins led the way, single file. The portrait Snape seemed to have a sense of humor because he jumped into the frame growling at Neville who jumped back in panic before rushing through. Finally, it was Hermione's turn to step through, but she wasn't alone. Malfoy was still standing there, staring down the hall. She ignored him as stepped through, but as she stood in the passage way she could barely make out a few words. " —rry." "Nothing to—you did fine." Hermione brushed it off, and stepped into the common room. It was bigger than the Gryffindor common room. The glass wall overlooked the Quidditch field, a view Ron and Harry would have been so envious of. There was a large fireplace, a small dinette kitchen, and a slew of squishy furniture. In the corner was a wall of books and a large table for studying. "I thought she said there was no giant chess board in here." Justin said, pointing at several life sized chess pieces that decorated the room. "She said no chess board, not chess pieces." Hermione pointed out. "I think those are the same ones from first year too." She frowned. It felt like a lifetime ago she was battling three headed dogs, giant chess boards and devil's snare. "Great, so Friday night; Firewhiskey, Dragon Barrel Brandy, Knotgrass Mead and Single Malt Whiskey. I say we start our first United House weekend with a little party. Just us." Pansy said with an obnoxious grin. "I don't drink." Hannah explained. "This weekend you do." Pansy retorted. "But what about homework. We have NEWTs to study—" "Granger. Stop being such a Princess. Unite with us. Get to know each other. Then, if you need help with NEWTs… what am I kidding, you won't need help, but I'll fetch you your books and materials for a day, eh?" Theo bargained. "So if I join, you'll be my errand boy for a day?" Hermione checked. "You have your pick of the snakes!" Blaise said, holding his hands out in offering. "Don't trust 'em. They 'on't do it." Seamus snapped. "We'll make an oath." Theo offered, holding out his wand. "If we don't hold up, choose your hex." Hermione grinned. "Fine, if you don't hold up your end of the deal when I ask for it, each one of you gets a rat's tail for a week." Theo seemed to falter but held out his wand all the same. "My condition then, you must participate in whatever drinking game Pansy's bound to come up with." It was Hermione's turn to falter. "Oh, don't be a prude Granger. Party with the snakes. Where's that Gryffindor bravery." Hermione set a scowl on her face at Pansy's taunt, and accepted the wand oath, touching her wand to Theo's. No one seemed to notice that the sole objector to this whole thing had already disappeared to his dorm, missing out. "Well, I'm going to bed. See you in the morning." Hermione huffed, stomping her way up the only set of stairs. She walked down the long hall, passing almost every room until her eyes fell on the sign that had her name written in golden lettering with the Gryffindor crest right below it. She swept her way into her room, happy to find everything neatly placed. The nightmares hadn't gotten any better since the war. Hermione had thought—and hoped—that they would subside with the death of both Voldemort and the capture and incarceration of Bellatrix LeStrange would have subdued her nightmares. However, they still rampaged in her mind. Therefore, most nights she sat up, reading instead. Hermione put her hand in her bag, but instead of the photo album she had intended on grabbing her mind wandered to the box from her mother's things. The bag seemed to ignore her initial thoughts, and the box appeared in her hand instead of the book she originally intended for. She stared for a long moment at the box, and sighed. She went to open the box, but found it didn't budge. She pursed her lips, and reached for her wand. Alohamora didn't work. She tried every lock opening spell and counter spell she knew. She even tried open sesame for good measure. The lid didn't budge. It was nearly midnight and she was having a staring contest with the box, and was sorely losing. It wasn't very big, only about as big as a small shoe box. It was made out of some thick, dark wood with golden lettering. Underneath the word Nott was a sigil no bigger than a galleon. She sighed, and put it on her night stand. Later, she decided, she would ask Nott about it. But for now, she found refuge in a dreamless sleep draught.