Death Eater! I can't believe I'm fucking the daughter of a Death Eater!" Harry watched in horror at how he had hurt her. He knew that he hadn't been perfect, but he really thought that he had given her all he had. He couldn't have been more wrong. "You said you loved me, Harry. I've loved you. Do you even know what love is?" She asked. "Could you show me?" He choked out between tears. "No." … The women ended all of the spells they had holding Harry in place. They said their goodbyes to the others, and most left. After what seemed like an unending silence, it was Rita who spoke. "Harry, all of this has been recorded, but not to put in The Prophet. I've compiled a list of what has happened, and this is my gift to you. This is to serve both as a reminder of who you are this moment and inspiration to move beyond it." Harry just stared at the woman in disbelief. His mind was already reeling after the day he'd had, and now Rita fucking Skeeter was showing him kindness. He was shaken from his thoughts my someone clearing their throat. "Potter, it's time to go." Harry had just realized that his entire interrogation had just happened in a slightly familiar ballroom, and that Draco Malfoy had witnessed it all. True to form, Harry's thoughts were plastered across his face. "Usually, I would be completely thrilled to watch you be humiliated, but fuck, Potter, this is just sad. Let's get you home." "I haven't got anywhere to go." Harry whispered. They were the first words he'd spoken in quite some time. "I've got a cottage you can borrow for a few months. The Malfoy's haven't been there in years. I'll send a house elf to tidy up and fill the cupboards. I'll take you there in an hour." "Why are you being so kind?" "Because, Pansy loves you," and with that Draco turned and left the room leaving Harry sitting on the floor. ... The three women who were left sat at a table staring at the remnants of a human being slouched on the floor. Hermione finally stood up. "Get up. Go sit down at the table. I'll get you some tea." "I'll go pack you a bag," Ginny said next and apparated to their home. Pansy stayed silent as Harry sat next to her with his tea. "Everyone else is trying to help, but you've given up. Haven't you?" Harry asked. "I have. You have as well." Pansy stood and turned to walk out the door, but stopped herself short of the threshold. She turned and looked him in the eye one last time. She didn't have to say anything, but Harry could see the pain he had caused her. …. Pansy walked into her packed flat. She was shipping her things through the floo network to the states in the morning. She'd decided to fly to New York the muggle way in order to decompress from her experience. The flight left in the afternoon. She'd agreed to breakfast with Ginny and Hermione before she left. Moving to the states was about rebirth for Pansy. She had held onto so many things during her years with Harry. She'd held onto Hogwarts, the war, and the love she'd had for him, but it was time to move on. .. Draco had to pull Harry out of his chair. The man had slipped into a depressed state after the ladies had just left him there, alone with his thoughts. "Yes, scar head, you made a mess of things, and you're going to give them space until you are strong enough to fix it." With that, Draco grabbed Harry's arm and apparated them to a small cottage in Ireland. He gave Harry the tour, adjusted wards, introduced elves, and left him. Again, Harry was alone with his thoughts. .. Hermione arrived first to breakfast, and Pansy was thankful. "I'd like you to take over my foundation." Pansy wasted no time. "I'd already planned on that." Hermione smiled. Ginny arrived moments later. "I'm in labor." The three women stood and promptly took Ginny to the hospital. As with everything these three women had endured, the day was a roller coaster. Fred P.H. Potter was finally born in the early evening. Harry had insisted the baby be called James, but Ginny had thought she deserved her pick. Pansy and Hermione agreed. .. Harry had heard the news via an owl from Hermione. Ginny had asked that he didn't come until she was home. He knew he had ruined everything, but vowed to be a better father than husband. .. Although a day late, Pansy took a cab to the airport to begin her journey. She was ending this chapter in her life. And all was well. Five years later Pansy had been back in London for three days, and for three days, she'd kept the fact she was home a secret. She needed time to adjust before she told her friends she'd decided to come back. She was walking through muggle London when she spotted a messy mop of hair buying fruits and vegetables at a farmers market. She watched him as he meticulously looked though the tomatoes. He looked so grown. Her heart dropped when he turned and looked directly at her. The smile that crept across his face could have lit up the great hall of Hogwarts. "Hey there," he said, "I didn't know you were home." "It's been a few days. I needed.." "Time to decompress?" "Yes." "Listen, Pans, I wish I could begin to apologize." "You're already forgiven. You have been for a long time." "Friends?" He asked. "Friends? I'll show you friends!" And she raise her first and punched him in the face. "No, Harry, we aren't friends. I loved you and you hurt me. Everything that you love, suffers." "But I love you, Pans." "Oh just fuck off." -Fin