everything. By the time she arrived at the top floor of Hogwart's West Tower where the Owlery was located, she was completely out of breath and red in the cheeks. "Are you trying to get on my nerves, mudblood?" came Malfoy's arrogant remark, causing her to jump in fright. "Gosh, what the hell are you doing up here!" snapped Hermione, as she turned and saw the Slytherin sitting beside one of the open windows with two letters in his lap, and his quill in hand. "Sending letters to my magical relatives, you know, because they communicate by owl, which is what magical folk do," Malfoy drawled, knowing it would annoy her. "My relatives know how to communicate by owl," said Hermione, gritting her teeth in frustration. "Whatever mudblood. Do you mind? I'm trying to write." "You should have written them somewhere else then, like I don't know, maybe in the library?" said Hermione sarcastically. "Bookworms and losers write in the library, mudblood. I'd rather not taint my reputation and lower myself to your level," Malfoy answered as he scribbled on one of the parchments in his lap. The other parchment fell to the ground and was suddenly taken by the wind and flown out the open window right beside his blonde head. Hermione burst out laughing at his shocked expression, as he scrambled to his feet and struggled to pull his wand out. He glared at her, his expression like venom before he pointed his wand out the window at the drifting parchment. "Shut up mudblood! Wingardium leviosah! Wingardium leviosah! FUCK!" Malfoy swore on the top of his lungs, putting his foot against the window sill and leaning out of it to get better aim. A gust of wind came but he easily held onto the window frame with his other hand. Hermione realised that whatever was on the parchment must have been important, and personal, because the boy looked genuinely panicked. She sighed and pulled her wand out, moving towards the window. "Move, I'll get it." "Now's not the time for your pretentious shit, mudblood," Malfoy growled. " Stop calling me a mudblood, I'm not being pretentious! I'm trying to help you even though you don't deserve it!" said Hermione angrily. Malfoy looked back at her from where he was leaning out of the window in surprise, and looked back at the parchment which was floating more and more towards the ground. He moved out of the way, glaring at her. "Fine. Don't you dare miss it or you'll wish you never tried to help," he hissed as Hermione gingerly stepped onto the window sill where he had been and leaned out to see where the parchment was. She pointed her wand at the parchment and held on, but felt her stomach doing somersaults at how high up she was. Beyond the parchment, she had a birds-eye view of many Hogwarts buildings, the courtyard, and off into the distance, vast green hills. The air was chilly and not far above her head were clouds. She'd always had an irrational fear of heights. " Wingardium leviosa !" she said, with perfect pronunciation and flick of the wrist despite her nervousness. The parchment was caught by the spell and she began to pull it up with ease, and Malfoy put his head under her arm to watch. As he did so, another gust of wind came and Hermione felt herself lose her balance, being too concentrated on holding the spell to keep the parchment rising. Her foot slipped slightly and before she could even scream, strong hands had grabbed her hips roughly and held her still. "Oh god!" "Merlin mudblood, you might have brains but you don't have coordination," said Malfoy in amusement. "Just be quiet and don't let me fall," Hermione stammered, as the parchment slowly but surely rose to them. Within a few moments of being uncomfortably close, the parchment finally reached them and Hermione grabbed it with her wand hand. Her entire body was shaking from adrenaline, and she didn't dare move as the wind kept threatening to throw her out. "Step down and give me the parchment." "I can't," Hermione said shakily, and Malfoy rolled his eyes as he lifted her off the window sill and dropped her safely on the floor of the Owlery, before snatching the parchment out of her hand. "You owe me for saving your life, and don't tell anyone what just happened," Malfoy said nonchalantly as he sat back down where he was, smirking as he watched the shaking Gryffindor girl take deep breaths with her eyes closed to calm down. Within moments she opened them and glared at him. " You owe me for risking my life to save your stupid letter, you inconsiderate prick!" came her furious retort. In different circumstances Malfoy would have laughed at how angry she was, but he had to defend his ego. "I don't care mudblood. No matter how many good little deeds you do, I still won't care. Send your letter and leave me alone," he said, looking into her eyes coldly. She shook her head in fury and walked over to where Harry's snowy owl was and began tying a written letter to its leg. "I hate you, it's no wonder you're hiding up here to write your letters, you're not wanted anywhere else," said Hermione with as much contempt as she could muster, after she'd sent Hedwig out of the window. "Says the muggle-born who is unwanted by the entire wizarding world, did I mention I don't fucking care what you or anyone else thinks? Go have dinner with your idiot friends," Malfoy snapped back angrily. "At least I have friends," were Hermione's last words before she left him alone in the Owlery. Thank you for reading! If you liked this chapter, please feel free to review and add to alerts/favourites! :) Check out my other stories! Draco and Hermione - s/5661111/1/Draco-and-Hermione The Soul Connection - s/9868543/1/The-Soul-Connection The Time-Turner Division - s/12337018/1/The-Time-Turner-Division