any of the scans. Roommates: Vincent Crabbe and Blaise Zabini. Blood status: 1st generation pureblood Magic levels: Powerful Last owl received from family: None. Considering his infirmary check-up results, I should hope that he doesn't receive anything from them. Initial impressions: 'To tell the truth, I am surprised that Potter managed to get to all of his classes more or less on time this week. Of course, that doesn't mean that he necessarily arrived with his proper textbooks or even his bag , but at least he was physically present. After spending much of my time worrying about where he was, I've also decided that it might be worthwhile to attach a tracking charm to his person.' Snape: Come in, Mr. Potter [hand on his shoulder]. Side note: 'After seeing him respond to Minerva's touch, I decided to keep in physical contact with him as much as possible during his session.' Harry: Hi 'fessor Snape! Wow, you gots lots of shiny stuff in here. What's that? Snape: Essence of murtlap. It's used in reducing . . . Harry: Scar tissue! Yeah, I read that in my book. Snape: I'm very pleased to hear that, Harry. Where is your Potions textbook now? Side note: 'I ask only because Mr. Crabbe informed me that Harry had lost it.' Harry: Oh, it's in the girl's bathroom. Snape: Which one? Harry: The second or . . . third floor? I forget. Snape: Why is it in there? Harry: 'Cause my friend Draco threw it in there. Side note: 'Where should I start?' Snape: He threw it in there? Why did he do such a thing? Harry: 'Cause it was a game? I dunno. Hey, you gots really long fingers. [He gets up from his chair next to Snape and perches on the sidearm of it]. Snape: [Transfigures the armchair into a small sofa] Harry: Wow, you're really warm. [sniffs Snape's robes] And you smell like healing potions. Why? Poppy made me take lots and lots and they tasted really bad, but you smell really good. I think you should add sunflower seeds to your next skele-gro batch, 'cause it'll make it taste better and then when she rebreaks my arm, I won't want to throw up. Snape: Sunflower seeds? Side note: 'I've examined the properties of the sunflower seed and I think Harry's idea has some merit. Although, how he came up with it is anyone's guess.' Harry: Yeah. Three. Maybe four. I forget. Hey, did you know that I get my very own bed and it's just next door to Draco's room? I tried to visit him, but they kept saying he wasn't home, but he was, because he was hiding under his covers. I could smell him. You think he knows he smells like trees? I like trees. I like beds. Did you see my shoes? They're my very own. I put my name on the bottom of them, see? [Lifts foot for Snape to examine briefly]. Snape: I do see. How do trees smell? Harry: Like the sun and desks and a little like thorns and stinging nettles. You think Draco will be at breakfast tomorrow? Vince says he will be, but that I won't have time to talk because I'll be eating the whole table. He's funny, don't you think? I can't eat a table, but I tried to eat my door once because I was so hungry. It didn't taste very good and I chipped a tooth. Do you think Draco would like my picture of him? I was going to show it to him, but he ran into it with his wand and it caught fire and I burnt my hand. See? [Shows Snape his burnt hand]. Snape: [Briefly frowning, summons a vial of burn paste and starts to cover Harry's hand with it]. You should have told me immediately that you were hurt. Side note: 'Detention number three for Draco. I wonder how he would like it if I randomly caught his homework on fire?' Harry: That tingles. It almost feels like the stinging hex that Draco wouldn't have sent at my head. He promised that it wasn't him. It just came from his wand because, because he was hexed first by a stupid Gryffindor. Did you know that Ron is a Gryffindor? He lives in a big tall tower. He shares a room with Neville. Did you know that Neville likes plants too? Plants talk to me sometimes, but sometimes they're allergic to me and I make them sneeze. Side note: 'I think I'll just have Draco clean the entire dungeons by hand. With his toothbrush.' Snape: [putting the burn paste away and summoning a vial of scar reducer]. This might be a bit cold, Harry. Let me see your left leg. Harry: [lifts his trouser leg and reveals an angry red scar that runs up and down the length of his calf, wrapping around the back of his knee] Snape: How did you get that scar? Harry: Uncle thought I was a frog at dinner and tried to pull my leg off. Side note: 'Definitely not sending him back to that house. I know of a few curses that remove body parts as well. I doubt you'd mind that much, Albus, especially if I didn't tell you. Ever.' Snape: [rubbing the ointment into Harry's leg]. You should tell me or Vince if anyone tries to hurt you here at Hogwarts. Harry: [eyes drooping sleepily] Okay 'fessor [drops his head on Snape's shoulder and then wraps thin arms around Snape's torso]. Side note: 'To say I was a bit surprised would be an understatement of vast proportion.' Harry: I like it here. Don't send me back, please? [A few moments later and he is asleep]. End note: 'We will not be sending him back. I'm not entirely sure that Vernon Dursley will be alive at the end of next week either. Just a prediction—one that I had nothing to do with. Absolutely nothing. Nothing traceable anyway.'