out of the house and was determined to track Peter. He walked around searching for him. After around an hour of looking he found the traitor. He was walking down the Muggle streets not even trying to hide his guilt. "You" Sirius hissed. Peter curled away from him and being the coward he was, ran. "Oh hell no." Sirius said and chased after him. Peter ran in the middle of the muggle street and Sirius was right after his tail. "What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil wizard that ever existed? Only innocent lives, Peter!" Sirius yelled to a frantic Peter. "You don't understand! He would have killed me, Sirius!" Peter cried out. Sirius felt anger overflowing him. How could this man be so cowardly? After everything that happened, after their years as friends he betrayed his family out of fear. "Then you should have died! Died rather than betray your friends!" Sirius yelled. "...as we would have done for you!" Peter's eyes glittered. "Why Sirius? Why did you betray them?!" Peter screamed loudly. "Don't you dare you rat" Sirius hissed. "I would never...I would die for them" Suddenly Sirius cried out as a huge explosion surrounded Peter. An attack was the last thing that he was expected, especially with muggles surrounding them. "Peter!" Sirius yelled. All that was left was his damn finger. He looked to see the muggles lying on the ground, twelve of them dead. It seemed that twelve was an accursed number. Sirius lifted his head as he heard pops around him. He turned to face the Department of Magic Law Enforcement and they suddenly attacked him. He fought them with all his might, but it was no use. ….. At Number 12 Grimmauld Place.. "No" Amorette said wrapping her arms around herself. "You're lying" Dumbledore shook his head and walked over to try and comfort the poor woman. She pulled back and stared at them as if they had betrayed them. How dare he try and lay a hand on her after the lies he was spewing? "Idiots" she cried out "He would never! He loves-loved them! He would die for them Professor," she pleaded tears down her face. "He would never do this to them, to us." Why did it have to be them? Sirius, his loyalty was now being questioned, all because someone had framed him. She knew that Sirius would never do something like this. She knew that man like the back of her hand and he would never think of hurting his family. Shaking her head she forced herself to try and be logical. Nothing ever got done when crying. "When is the trial?" she found herself rasping out. Dumbledore shook his head. "He is not being trialed, he is being sent to Azkaban" "That's not fair" she replied angrily "I can testify, he was with me, h-he went to find P-Peter" she sniffled covering her face. "How can you do this?!" She had always prided herself in being a strong woman but this was too much. Dumbledore thought she was rationally upset. He couldn't help but feel bad at the seven-month old pregnant woman. She had not only lost her best friends, but her husband. Her blonde wavy hair frizzed and covered her face as she cried. Her pale skin was flushed and tears ran down from her brown eyes. "Where's Harry?" she asked She could only imagine how the baby would be. She loved Harry as much as Sirius loved him. She wanted him with her. "He is with his family Amorette: the Dursleys " Dumbledore said. "No, I'm his family. Sirius, this baby, and I are his family" she replied " I am his godmother- I" "It's safer for Harry" he commented placing his comforting hand on her shoulder. "He didn't do it" she cried against Dumbledore. "He would never, he has me and her" It was a sad night. And Amoretee had never felt so weak as she did now. Her support group was gone. Her family was gone. The room was filled with her sobbing and nothing more. That is until Hagrid slammed the door open and they turned to face him. "Hagrid" Dumbledore called out. Hagrid's eyes were wet with the tears of his mourning. Amorette could clearly see the bike lying on the ground in front of their home. "He killed them" Hagrid said softly. "Hagrid-" "He killed them!" he repeated louder. Amorette pulled back from Dumbledore and walked over to face the tall half-giant. Her face was red, her eyes still spilled tears and she wouldn't back down to this bastard lying about her husband. "Liar!" she cried out "He would never-" "I comforted the murderin' traitor!" Hagrid yelled at her. "Get out!" Amorette yelled. "Now Amorette" Dumbledore tried to calm her down, the twinkle in his eyes long gone. "Get out! I will not let you defile my husband's name in my own home!" Amorette was shaking, but she would not back down. She pushed them out, with no real fight. Hagrid gladly left the home, but Dumbledore left only because Amorette's pregnancy would be at risk. As she closed the door behind them she slid to the floor. "Sirius" she whispered. Her eyes watered once more and she cried deeply. She sat there on the ground ignoring her baby's kicks as she cried. She was left alone, pregnant and she hating the injustice of them all. Anger coursed through her system, as she learned to hate Peter more than anything. She was glad he was dead. Voldemort was dead, all because of little Harry. "Oh Harry" she sniffled thinking of her poor baby. She loved him more than anything. She rubbed her belly as her baby continued to kick. Even in her happiest days her little girl wasn't this active. The stress was getting to her babe as well. "It'll be fine darling," she whispered. "We'll be fine" She closed her eyes and let darkness overtake her.