being at the whole ordeal as he knew she was angry at him being in the Triwizard tournament in itself as she didn't really care all that much about it. No what Harry reckoned she cared about was that a magical artefact had determined that he was worthy to be in such a tournament and that he was just trying to prove that he was better than her by showing off. Harry hoped that he was wrong about this but due to Hermione's behaviour that evening he was fairly sure he was right even though he had hoped she would be more mature now that she was fifteen but alas no, she apparently had the same level of maturity as Ron did at the moment. As Harry started to drift off to sleep his final thoughts were of the concern on professor Dumbledore's face after he had decided that Harry had indeed not entered his name into the Goblet of Fire. However none of the other tournament officials agreed with him as they all thought that Harry had cheated somehow and that possibly Dumbledore had assisted him. This could not be further from the truth as the old Headmaster had taken Harry aside before dismissing him to let him know that he would try and get to the bottom of the situation, but he could not shown to be interacting with Harry more than the average student might be interacting directly with the Headmaster otherwise people might get suspicious and accuse him of aiding Harry even when that was against the rules. Unfortunately Harry was quite adept at reading between the lines and knew that Professor Dumbledore was saying that he would not be able to intervene if Harry received a cold front in any way from the rest of the school as this might well be seen as favouritism and cats yet more doubt on Harry's proclamation that he hadn't entered his name into the Goblet of Fire. As Harry awoke the next morning he was at first confused as to where he was and why he was feeling so upset before it all came flooding back. He sighed as he recalled his name coming out of the Goblet of Fire, the accusations that he was a liar and a cheat, the rather frosty welcome he had received at Gryffindor tower and finally how his so called 'friends' had reacted to him becoming a Triwizard champion. Harry was just thinking that he needed to get back to Gryffindor tower to take a shower when suddenly a shower appeared in one corner of the room which made Harry's eyes widen in shock. He realised that this room was magical in itself and that was why he had only seen it for the first time last night was due to its nature. Pushing these thoughts to one side for the time being to revisit later Harry showered and got redressed before bracing himself and exiting the room that had been his solitary sanctuary for the last twelve hours. Walking down to the Great Hall for breakfast reminded Harry a lot of when he had first arrived at Hogwarts where people would point, stare or whisper things to each other as he passed which he had found a little overwhelming to begin with but had since learnt to deal with. However he knew that people weren't acting like they were due to being so close to the Boy-Who-Lived after hearing stories about him for so many years. No they were probably all calling him the Boy-Who-Cheated or something similar and not all of them were whispering, in fact some of the surrounding students weren't even bothering with the premise of private conversations as they loudly exclaimed that they had knew all along that he was nothing but an arrogant attention seeker and cheater. Harry did his best to ignore them but they would not stop and he finally decided to break off from the main corridors and take a less well known shortcut that would take him almost to the top of the final staircase down to the Great Hall. This helped a lot as he was finally away from the whispers but he knew that it would all start over again as soon as he entered the Great Hall but magnified hugely due to the large number of students that would be there on a Sunday. For once Harry would have liked to be completely and utterly wrong but his predictions were spot on as he walked through the double doors the noise in the hall dropped briefly as the amassed students took note that he was in the Hall before they started up their conversations again at a louder volume, a large majority that seemed to be speculating on how Harry had cheated his way into the tournament. Sitting down at the end of the Gryffindor table Harry was unsurprised when several people slid down the benches to be further away from him and new arrivals were looking for spots that were as far away from him as they could possibly be. Not wanting to linger in such a hostile environment Harry ate quickly before he made his way out of the Great Hall and through the doors leading outside so that he could have some peace and quiet away from the masses. Finding a secluded place with several tall rocks, Harry clambered up to the top before he lay down flat on the top of the rock and just stared up into the distance as he contemplated what the hell he was going to do in order to survive the tournament. However his thoughts were eventually broken by a voice that was clear but laced with apprehension. "Harry, do you want to talk about what's wrong?" Harry looked down at who was willingly talking to him and was only slightly surprised when he took in the blonde hair and strikingly blue eyes of the Slytherin Ice Queen Daphne Greengrass.