trained in Occlumency, Rodolphus was trained by Voldemort himself just like Bellatrix. That, plus the Dementors, will make Legilimency difficult to use. We won't have much time either, so we may be forced to consider other methods of extracting information," Draco suggested, with a weary glance at Hermione who immediately spoke up. " Other methods of extracting information ? What exactly are you implying, Malfoy?" came her angry question. "You know exactly what I'm implying, and I'm not going to beat around the bush with you Granger. I'm implying that Potter authorise me to use all of the Unforgiveable Curses and Dark Arts, without restriction, from the moment we arrive. We won't have time to argue about it once we're there," said Draco, preparing himself for the heated argument that would no doubt ensue. "So your grand plan is old fashioned torture? I'm sorry but we aren't Death Eaters, we're Aurors," Hermione snapped. Draco felt himself go red with anger at the mention of them being Death Eaters, and leaned forward in his chair, glaring at the Gryffindor girl before him. "We're going up against Death Eaters and Death Eaters don't respond to anything but torture. If I can't effectively read their minds and if we're constantly surrounded by and fighting off Dementors, and have only a few hours to prevent the entire breakout, how do you suggest we do it?" he asked. "You claim to be so good at Legilimency, so I have faith that you'll be able to read their minds. Harry and I will keep the Dementors out of each section, while you and Pansy move from cell to cell, gathering intel. If that's not enough, we'll use Veritaserum," Hermione suggested. "I'm flattered by your faith in me Granger but I'm telling you, it won't be that simple. Take it from someone who worked with Voldemort, Death Eaters and Dementors: this will not go smoothly like you imagine. Dementors aren't just mindless beasts, if they really did fail to report any escapes or they claimed they weren't aware of what happened, they're lying. The only realistic explanation is that the Dementors have joined Rodolphus, they're playing dumb with the Ministry and the Ministry is buying their ' confounded ' story because the Ministry has no one else to guard Azkaban with," Draco explained. "I'm aware that you worked with Voldemort, which is why I'm inclined to remind you that no matter how complicated the mission is or how limited our window of opportunity is, Aurors don't torture people unless there is absolutely no other way," said Hermione firmly. "Granger the Ministry hired me because I worked with Voldemort, they hired me because I know the Dark Arts, they hired me because I'm going to do the dirty work that you don't approve of. You act morally righteous, yet you'd allow thousands to die because you're afraid of getting your fucking hands dirty," Draco said furiously. "Alright, alright, that's enough," said Harry wearily. "You're both right. I can't authorise the Unforgiveables unless there's a valid reason, so we're going to have to take Hermione's approach initially. However, and you're not going to like this, Hermione... if Malfoy's right and we can't get intel with Legilimency like we usually do, then I'll authorise Imperio and Crucio." "You'll have to authorise all three Unforgiveables for this to work," said Draco. "Because torture isn't enough for you? What use would the killing curse have? Harry this is ridiculous!" Hermione burst out. "Power, Granger, that's what the killing curse has. As I've already said numerous times, Death Eaters are not just petty criminals. People in Azkaban have nothing else to lose. Imperio won't work because we won't be able to remove them from their cells, so controlling them will be useless. Crucio will work on some, but not all, same as Veritaserum. Those that resist Crucio, Legilimency and Veritaserum, and who have key information, such as Rodolphus, will need to be threatened with immediate death, or blackmailed. There is no other way with these people," said Draco. "I'm this close to going and dragging Kingsley back in here, I'd love to see what he thinks of torture, murder and blackmail," said Hermione in disgust. "Go ahead Granger; honestly I'm sick and tired of you and your high horse. If I need to take one life to save thousands, that's what I'll do. That's why Kingsley hired me, that's why Potter is about to agree with me," said Draco, pointing at Harry who visibly cringed at being pulled back into the argument. "Harry you're not seriously considering...?" Hermione began. "They broke out two hours ago and they've already killed five Aurors. Kingsley said this could escalate into another Wizarding War. If all our attempts fail and we only have a limited amount of time left, then I will have no choice but to authorise all forbidden magic: the Unforgiveables, the Dark Arts, the Sacrificial Arts, whatever it takes. In extreme circumstances, we must use extreme measures. Malfoy's right, this is why he was hired," said Harry wearily. At this, Hermione stood up and strode out of the Time Room, muttering unbelievable under her breath as she went. "What's up her ass?" Pansy snorted once she'd left. "Watch it Parkinson. Enough chit chat, everyone up, Crabbe and Goyle start practising corporeal Patronus', Ginny can you go and get Veritaserum and anything else you think we'll need..." as Harry rattled off orders and everyone began to spring into action, he glanced at the clock. It'd been two and a half hours since the breakout occurred. Even though they had until the next night, Harry hoped to be ready within the day to go back in time, to prevent the risks of time travelling beyond five hours. Thank you for reading! If you liked this chapter, please feel free to review and add to alerts/favourites! :) Check out my other stories! Draco and Hermione - s/5661111/1/Draco-and-Hermione The Soul Connection - s/9868543/1/The-Soul-Connection The Time-Turner Division - s/12337018/1/The-Time-Turner-Division