in, dropping the paper neatly at Harry's feet, before swooping out again. After nearly being pecked to death by an owl earlier in the summer because he couldn't find a knut, Harry had bought a subscription in advance so that he didn't have to keep paying. Harry was just about to close the window when what looked like a furry brown cannonball shot through the opening, hitting him squarely in the stomach. Harry dropped to this knees, fighting the nausea. It was, obviously, Pidwigdeon, and he looked like someone had fed him Pepper Up before sending him on a delivery. "Calm down you stupid bird." Harry growled, wrestling with the letter it was clutching in its beak. The bird let go rather suddenly, causing Harry to fall back and slam his head into the wooden floor boards. It seemed owl post was something of a dangerous past time these days. Clutching his sore head, Harry ripped open the letter one handed as Ron's owl soared away, almost missing the window on its way out. Dear Harry, How are you going? We've missed you so much. It's so unfair you haven't been allowed to come visit us – the atmosphere here is just amazing. Some of the sixth year students (well seventh years now, I suppose) have showed up too, and we're making real progress. The entrance and dining hall are both up, although the enchanted ceiling hasn't been fixed yet. Flitwick's tried a couple of charms but he hasn't got it quite right yet. It still seems to hail sporadically, which isn't ideal for the students who are camped in the hall. You'll never believe it – we're staying in the dungeons. Seems they got off with limited damage (no surprises there) so they were quick to restore. Ron swears he's sleeping in Malfoy's bed, but I've told him to just get over it. I mean honestly, after everything we've been through, you'd think he'd learn a bit of tolerance. Harry smiled to himself, secretly agreeing with Ron. Tolerance or not, the idea of sleeping in a bed previously occupied by a Slytherin was still gross. Gryffindor tower is still a bit of a mess. It got hit pretty hard. McGonagall thinks we'll be able to re-open come September 1 st , and we'll just have to make do with whatever classrooms and dormitories are available. No word yet on what they'll do with us – the eighth years or whatever they're calling us. I hope we'll be able to attend – how are we expected to find jobs without NEWTS? Another smile – of course Hermione would be worrying about that. Like she, or Ron for that matter, would ever have trouble with employment. They were almost as famous as he was. How are the trials going? It must be simply awful. But you're doing the right thing Harry, do try to remember that. I know you hate me saying this, but they need you. You're still a symbol of hope, and everything's still up in the air. There's been a bit of disquiet even here, when the Ministry comes to visit. They want control over every little detail – like they're afraid of losing it again. McGonagall actually swore at one of them the other day. Ron found it hilarious, but it was pretty scary. Have you heard from Andromeda yet? How is Teddy? Send my love. See you real soon. Hermione and Ron He hadn't received separate letters from them all summer. It was only natural, now that they were a couple, he supposed. Be happy for them Harry, come on. In some ways he was grateful that they were together during this 'honeymoon' period, and he was at Grimmauld. In his volatile, self-deprecating state he's probably ended up saying some he regretted. Like what happened with Ginny. Another surge of emotion shot through him as he remembered the last time they spoke. It had started off slightly awkward, as he tried to babble his way through, but by the end it was nothing short of a train wreck. She had expected them to settle into domestic bliss the day after, all while Harry was still coming to grips with his post-apocalypse, Voldemort-free existence. But "not right now" was apparently not the answer she wanted. He remembered shouts of "I'm not going wait around forever" that rapidly descended into "Fuck you Harry", by which point he'd just sort of glazed over and let her at it. Hermione, quite unhelpfully, told him afterwards he'd handled it badly. Which was both obvious, and beside the point. Ginny would never have been thrilled at the news, but at least this way she could cling to her self-righteous anger rather than pine over him, as she apparently did last year. Tucking the letter into his bedside drawer with the rest of them, Harry reached grimly for the Daily Prophet. Since the first, post war edition the wizarding newspaper had descended rapidly into inane, tabloid babble. Narcissa was predictably on the cover, under a small story titled "Potter testimony frees Mrs. Malfoy, husband's trial continues" which only served to re-inforce his belief that he was PR fodder. But the largest real estate on the front page was taken up by a picture of Celestina Warbeck, who had performed at a charity concert last night to raise funds for the reconstruction of Hogwarts. There was no news of the Death Eaters at large, no more obituaries for the fallen (they had lasted for weeks, especially poor Lupin who was labelled the 'sexiest member of the Order' by Witch Weekly – something which Harry was sure Sirius was still cursing him for.) After convincing himself there was nothing of interest in the newspaper, Harry threw it into his garbage bin and finally got out of bed. He had a long day ahead of him, and he desperately needed a shower to wash away the cold sweat that still clung to him from his nightmares.