and slide two fingers into her wetness. "Your pussy is dripping wet," Lucius whispered hotly into her ear. "Is it for me or for him?" "For you." Hermione felt lightheaded. She shamelessly began to grind against his fingers, letting them stir her tight wet pussy, no longer caring what her own husband was doing only a few feet away. When Malfoy's lips found hers, she let him push his tongue into her mouth. Her hands gripped the back of his neck over his thick mane of hair, drawing him to her, as she felt her pussy pulsing around his fingers. A million thoughts of doubt that should have been racing through her mind seemed to melt away in favor of total abandonment to the moment as Lucius's tongue explored her. They were both breathing heavily when his lips left hers. She was overwhelmed with a flood of emotions, and those unmistakable feelings of both jealousy and sexual excitement that seemed to make her pussy throb and ache in an unfamiliar way. "I want you," she heard herself telling him in a voice she barely recognized. "But you said you weren't comfortable with this sort of thing," he teased. "Think about it more. If you want me, talk to him." She leaned in to kiss his sensuous lips, sliding her tongue into his mouth shamelessly and grinding down onto his hand. "I'll talk to him. Let's finish this dance first." The next few minutes seemed to take on a kind of urgent momentum as Hermione danced in front of him, concealing his hand between them. His digits moved farther into her pussy, and she let out a guttural moan. "Mr. Malfoy," she exhaled. None of the other club members around them seemed particularly wise to the activity that was taking place between them; they were in their own private world. Hermione bit on her lower lip to keep from crying out. His fingers kept rubbing against her clit as she pushed shamelessly against him, keeping one leg hooked around his hip. "You like this?" he hissed into her ear, biting the warm flesh of her neck. "Yes," she gasped, unable to deny it. "It feels so wrong and so ... dirty." "It feels good to be dirty sometimes, doesn't it?" he said, grinning at her, his silver eyes flashing. Hermione struggled to catch her breath and only cried out in agreement, feeling consumed by the depravity of what they were doing. She felt completely liberated from all the rules for the first time in her life. Going into this club tonight defied everything she had thought her marriage was about. She rose up on her toes and put her lips to Lucius's ear. "I love being dirty with you right now," she moaned. "Oh, I think we can do better than that," he assured her. "You're gonna make me come so hard." Her hand was on the back of his neck, and she pulled his face toward hers and kissed him hotly. The salty sweetness of their tongues coming together seemed like exactly the right kind of wrong in that moment. Smothering a moan, Hermione began to grind harder on Lucius's fingers. Her eyelids fluttered as she felt herself getting closer. Lucius seemed to sense it too because his increased the movements of his hand, not caring who might notice them. Glancing around, Hermione realized that a few eyes were on them, amused, turned-on, unable to look away once it had become obvious that the club owner was finger fucking her right in front of them. The taboo of it all had propelled her into an intense orgasm. Hermione was breathing hard, still clutched in his arms, feeling the pounding in her head as the blood rushed through her body. "That's it," Lucius urged. "Come over my fingers." She bit her lip to keep a strangled cry from erupting from her throat, burrowing her face into his neck. Malfoy's chest shook with a low laugh, as she came down from her heights of pleasure. "That was sexy," he said. "Very. Wait for me." As Hermione walked off in Ron's direction, she could feel her creamy wetness on her thin knickers, still dazed from the encounter. Ron was sitting alone now; the brunette witch he was dancing with was nowhere to be seen, but her absence mattered little to Hermione. He stood up, looking uncertain, but she could distinctly discern the nervous excitement in his demeanor. "You're having a good time," he remarked, taking in her flushed face and disheveled appearance. "As were you," she evenly returned. "Listen, since it's our only time here, why don't we get the whole experience of this place?" "How do you mean?" "You said tonight we should go on an adventure. So let's do it," Hermione confidently offered. "I had someone explain this to me, and as long as we're safe and honest and keep it within the club, I don't see any harm in it. If we have a bad time, we never have to come back here again." Ron looked intrigued, his eyes bulging with excitement. "You sure?" "Yes. I wouldn't have suggested this otherwise." She gestured at the lounge near the bar area. "Let's just meet up in there afterwards." Her husband smiled at her and then took her hand. "I'm glad you changed your mind." "So am I." Hermione smiled, quickly glancing back at Lucius. In the dim lights, she wondered if Ron could identify their former nemesis. However, she didn't care. If Ron wanted them to spice things up, then it was exactly what she intended to do. "I love you, baby cakes," Ron said, leaning in to plant a kiss on her lips. "Love you too," she automatically replied, turning her cheek to him instead. It felt wrong to kiss her husband with a taste of another man strong on her tongue. Then she turned and walked back to Lucius Malfoy, ready to see where the night would take them.