well he played her body… August 6th Gods what was she thinking? Dinner had been nice, their differences an awkward glare from minute one, but still… nice… how could it not when he dressed in such a smart looking suit and kissed her knuckles in such a charming way? Or the way he fed her bits of fish from his own fork? But he had talked about nothing but himself the entire time and then ordered chocolate for dessert. She steeled herself against the door to the apartment she owned in London, his body expertly leaning in, and told herself that a goodbye kiss wasn't out of line, and then she could explain that they worked together, she was his boss, it just couldn't work. That she should have never agreed to the date in the first place… but when was the last time someone looked at her like that? And then his full, dark set of lips was on hers, her body sighing beneath the little black dress she had worn, and he was sucking on her bottom lip like it was that chocolate cake he liked so much. She hated chocolate. "You know I'm coming in right?" His voice was silk and promise and yet so conceited and haughty, it grated against her as much as it drove her crazy with heat. Ugh… she moaned with frustration into his mouth, her desire mixing with annoyance. Could he be anymore arrogant? But he took her moan as sexual and wrapped an arm around her waist, pulling her smaller body frame into his larger embrace, his lips doing magical things and his tongue leaving her breathless. How was it possible to hate someone this much while wanting them just as badly? It doesn't matter what you want, she thought to her body. This will never work in the long run. She groaned out loud, confused as to why her body hummed with want for him when her mind was saying no, no, no. "You want me, I can tell… I want to show you how good I am in bed, Susie." His large hands found their way into her messy hair, pulling at the strands of red. Fuck it felt good. Her hands clenched on his upper arms but... what he said... she decided to add vain to the list of things she hated about him. The cons were weighing out the pros by now, weren't they? Terry Boot's face flashed in her mind, her first love and lover, his voice filled her mind. " You're the humblest woman I have met, Susan Bones. You will make the best Healer, I just worry you won't take care of yourself…" Terry and Terrence… huh. The two men were as different as their names were similar, Terry being around Susan's height, his pale skin and even paler hair that that glinted in the sun. Their conflicting schedules had eventually led to them ending their relationship several years ago… Several years since she had felt the touch of a man. " ...I just worry you won't take care of yourself…" " Surely there's some fox in your life, Susan?" Damn that Hannah Abbott. Damn that Terry Boot. The fact that she was thinking of Terry while Terrence kissed her was not lost on Susan either… But… It had been so long, loneliness a dark thread inside of her needing to be addressed. ... She let him in, the body's needs winning out over the mind's. Because beneath it all, the fulfilling career, her aptitude for study and healing, she rarely went on dates, she had no true friends, and her family was dead, it left nothing but loneliness. oOoOo "Terrence, I told you…" she shook herself and put distance between them, as much as the small potion supply closet would allow. "I told you no." Once had been… one too many. She pulled her panties back into place, straightened her robes, pushing back a frown. "You want me so badly, Susie. Why do you deny us both?" He brought up a finger to lips, oh-so-gently running it along her bottom lip in a smooth move that made her body purr. "Why do you want me? Don't you want to date someone your own age?" she whispered through the sexual haze he had ignited, just with that one touch of his finger. But while her body was responding, her mind was attempting to blackout his face. Because she did not like him. "Age is nothing. We are both healthy and attractive people, we should be together." His words threw water to the fire. There was only so much of his arrogance she could take, she realized. She pushed him away. "I don't want to, Terrence. And the next time you make me pull rank on you, we are going to have a huge problem. Get back to work. Understand?" And she walked away before the gravitational force of his sexual need could pull her back in. Her day was not over yet, but she suddenly felt exhausted. She retrieved her granola bar again and stuffed it into her mouth, knowing she would need all the energy she could get to endure the rest of her shift. She was chewing on the salty sweet snack, feeling pissed off for the first time about her and Terrence's relationship, when she opened the door the the staircase down to the floor below, where her office was located, when she ran headlong into a tall man, the majority of her granola bar flying from her hand and bouncing down the stairs and out of sight. "Oi, sorry about that." She turned to the man, looking up… and up to the very tall, burly looking Ron Weasley. A/N: I have no idea how long this story will be, but I have some great ideas for our Susan lined up. Really hope you enjoy the first chapter! Review if you liked it or have any questions or ideas! Thanks! :)