in the last three years. He scanned every letter he kept in ten years, flipped through some of his books for scribbles in the margins. Snape even dug out the Pensive Albus gave him for his thirtieth birthday and dug up every memory of the summer of '95 that were intact. Two days into his extensive recollection, the wards went off. Severus slipped on a silver ring engraved with a running hound and felt the enchantment settling over him like a cloak. He checked his reflection in the mirror. Severus looked to be in his mid-fifties, a decade younger than his mental age, with dull brown hair liberally shot through with grey cropped close to his ears. His hooked nose was inflated and shortened into a bulbous, slightly squashed shape. His black eyes had been lightened into a silvery blue and were set farther apart while his sharp, angular head had turned round and solid with faded scars. The illusion would hold as long as he wore the ring. It doubled as an emergency Portkey, a back-up to his other hidden ones. Before he left, Severus quickly rubbed lemon grass over his arms and neck. It would drown out his natural smell, he knew. He had used it during raids to keep Greyback or his mutts from tracking him down. He hadn't started using the trick until after Dumbledore's death so he could be reasonably certain the Order wouldn't know that particular tactic. Snape Floo'd to Knockturn Alley and Apperated to the Hill of Tara from there, arriving with a near silent crack . He was at the Mound of the Hostages, he saw. Lupin was laying against the slop, sharp nose twitching. Severus took a moment to observe the werewolf. He looked much the same as he had the last time the time-traveler had seen him; beat to hell, scruffy as a stray dog, and hopelessly optimistic, even when simply lying back, watching the clouds. It was easier to see Lupin. They had never been friends, and Severus hadn't seen his fall personally, only heard word of it. He never ran missions during the full moon. The wind changed and Lupin's head rose. He caught a glimpse of Severus lurking in the falling dusk and scrambled to his feet, grinning hopefully and amiably. "Hullo?" He called, shuffling towards him nervously. His amber eyes fixed nervously on the silver ring. Severus drew himself to his full imposing height, eyeing Lupin closely. The werewolf must have been told about his 'Augur abilities' and remained still, looking straight ahead, as Snape circled him. "Why are you here?" Severus asked softly, thickening his Irish brogue. It had been awhile since he had sounded so much like his father. The purebloods in his house had scolded him for his 'muggle filth accent' and corrected it completely by the time he was sixteen. Lupin bowed formally, subtly baring his neck to the taller wizard. "Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, sent me to ask your services." He answered hesitantly. "Harry Potter needs training in the Mind Arts and a member of our order recommended you." "Who." Severus stopped behind the werewolf, leaning in intimidatingly. Remus wrestled with himself for a moment before sighing deeply. "I'm sorry, sir. I can't tell you that." Severus was reluctantly impressed with Lupin's loyalty before remembering that Albus probably told him to keep it secret. He raised his head slightly but didn't turn around to face Snape. "If I may ask... What is your name, sir?" "Cúchulainn." The words drifted into the night like a breath of wind. Lupin shivered and bowed his head again. Snape could see the hairs on the back of his neck rising and was surprised at the effect the twilight and a mysterious stranger had on a Gryffindor. He had never commanded such respect from anyone . "Lord Cúchulainn," Lupin spoke deferentially to his feet. Severus twitched slightly at the term but didn't correct it. The title would help keep distance between himself and the other members, decreasing the likelihood someone would figure him out. "On behalf of the Order of the Phoenix, I respectfully beg your assistance against the Dark Lord Voldemort." The werewolf held his breath. "Very well." Severus replied simply. He noticed Remus' shoulders tense in surprise and smirked to himself. He pressed an Irish pound coin into Lupin's hand. "Speak my name, I will answer." Snape had no shame in stealing Granger's idea. A spy who didn't use every tool available to him didn't live long. He twirled on the spot and Apparated away with a louder crack than he normally would allow. No use revealing all of his abilities right away. Severus appeared in the Forbidden Forest after two pointless jumps to throw off any tag-alongs. He paused under the thick trees, breathing in the sharp twilight air and listening to unseen creatures crawl through the undergrowth. Collecting his thoughts, Severus emptied his mind and focused on the smells of night. He pictured his body shrinking and twisting, sprouting feathers and scaly feet. It was easy to imagine his hooked nose curving into a short beak. With a soft pop and a dizzying moment of disorientation, a large black Great Horned Owl stood in the Potions Master's place. Severus clumsily hopped several times and labored himself into the air. He pumped his wings powerfully, rising above the trees into the open air. He enjoyed the sting of cool late summer wind pulling at the tufts on his head and swirling over his broad back as he skirted the dead-drops of cold air and caught the weak cooling updrafts. He circled the Owlery for nearly an hour, watching the stars crawl across the sky. He reluctantly landed and removed the ring. Severus slunk unseen down to the dungeons, running his thumb over the silver hound compulsively. Animus Augur is not a real thing. Feel free to use it. I used HPL: Calendar: OP to organize events and dates. They can be ignored.