of his darkening mood all throughout they're last week, but had hoped he'd realise on his own how superfluous his concerns were. "'Mione?" She paused in gathering her things, Kings Cross bustling outside the train. "Is Fred-?" She gave a Harry a shrug. "I think it's really hitting him that he's not going back next year. Oh, are you staying at Weasley's? Ginny's invited me since I'm attending the graduation party for the guys." He nodded, clearly confused by her change in topic. "So, you don't want to talk about it? You?" She gave him her best clueless face. "I honestly have no idea what you're on about, Harry. Are you really saying you want to talk about feelings?" He hesitantly shook his head and let her lead them out of the car. Ron had been dragged away by Ginny ages ago since their mother had a tradition of becoming emotional when her children accomplished anything. The boys graduating was a big thing, so they had fled from the train before it had even come to a full stop as to avoid as many of their friends seeing the embarrassing outpouring of motherly affection as possible. "Yeah, just that first week. Then it's back to my aunt and uncle's." She winced at the near tangible pain that roughened his voice. "Last two weeks at the Burrow, though. That's something." She stopped where she was and pulled him into a tight hug, as she had several times that year after his god father had passed. Sirius hadn't been the same after Harry's parents had died, in out of prison for petty theft and outstanding DUI's. It had finally become too much this year, just when he and Harry were getting close. The service had been small and intimate and Harry had to live with yet another loss every day since. "It is something." He nodded and faked a smile for her benefit. She hugged him, again, and began her trek off the train. Fred caught her in the crowd, though, and Harry rolled his eyes. Fred nodded his way before pulling her further into the throng. "Fred?" He manoeuvred them to an alcove and kissed her then, thuroughly and eagerly. "Well, never mind then." "You need to go along with whatever happens after this moment, yeah?" She was about to ask what he was on about, but he kissed her the way he knew would disrupt her normal brain functions. "No questions." "Uh?" She licked her lips and kissed him once more, as if her mouth needed reassurance it was him before it would form words. "Yes, right. Gun powder treason." He nodded and guided her back through the mayhem of the station. "Found her. Granger got lost. Wondered clean off, didn't she, Harry?" Harry was quicker on the up take since Fred hadn't distracted him with kisses, for which she was grateful. "Suppose so. One minute she's there in front of me, next whisked off by the crowd. Must be tired, or had her head knocked. Looks a bit dazed if you ask me. Did you see anything, Fred?" "No, Harry. No I didn't." The dark haired boy shrugged, smirking as he joined Ron toward the front of the group. "Cheeky bastard in his old age, isn't he?" Hermione hummed and moved with Ginny, sending one last look toward Fred. They took two cars like the summer before and stopped to overnight it at a B'n'B. The morning they arrived at Ottery St. Catchpole, there was a new sibling to greet them. A very attractive, older sibling, she noted, that she'd only ever glimpsed in photos. "Ah, Bill, dear." He leaned down to hug his mother, but his eyes looking passed her and made surprisingly hostile contact with Fred's. "Bill, this is Harry and Hermione. They're the boys friends-." "My girlfriend!" Fred's eyes were still locked with Bills as the words echoed in the newly silenced country side. "Yup. So, whatever news Bill has it cannot top that. Shall we?" "You git bastard!" Mrs. Weasley seemed to simply ignore the shock she'd just been in. "Bill! Apologise. Fred, that is not funny. Harassing any of your brothers is no way to start your summer holiday." Hermione's eyes were on Ron, as were Harry's. She could see his mental gears turning, moods and thoughts and incidents and scenarios all being worked through faster than she'd ever witnessed. He settled on disbelief. "Good one, mate. You should see her face!" He pointed to her lazily, but noticed that his brothers were still glaring at each other. "Seriously, Fred, look at her before the rage sets in. How long have you been waiting to pull that one, anyway? Fred?" He finally looked to Hermione who took a deep breath, and dug in. "Yup! We've been dating since the Halloween ball. Fred Weasley, your son, is my boyfriend." All hell broke loose. It was beautiful and she couldn't stop smiling as Fred accepted the varying versions of rage, shock and relief. He threw his arm around her and kissed her hair before grabbing her over night pack from her and heading in to the Burrow. His family, with the exception of Mrs. Weasley and Ginny, followed. The ruckus woke the world and the field came back to life around them. "Oh, Hermione." The older woman hugged her whilst releasing an exhausted sighed. "Are you sure, dear? You can tell me if he bullied you into this to torture Ron. A start of holiday entertainment? No? No. Oh, God. This is going to be the worst summer yet." Ginny nudged her as her mother began muttering the possibilities under her breath. "She'll be certified by the end of next week, you watch. Just, don't get openly gross now that it's out of the bag. I never want to hear anything worse than the "Moaning Myrtle" legend, you get me?" That snapped Mrs. Weasley out of her panic induced trance. "What's that, dear? Moaning Myrtle?" "Oops!"