a special batch of hidden strings that were once held in these hallowed halls. The back wall held a set of ornate golden doors depicting battle scene of vast proportions. Seven cloaked figures surrounded a large cloud of shadows. Their staffs firmly planted in the rock as magic leaped from them into the ground as it swirled up and around capturing the darkness. It was a scene very few if any outside the fates had seen. It was the battle to which magic was blessed to the earth, through the sacrifice of seven other worldly travelers lives to seal something so dark the world would of not existed. The soft whispers of the wisps called out to the three who lived and governed here. The crone hobbled forward on her cane as the mother walked holding the child's hand. "What might this be I wonder. Such magic has never been seen before" the crone's gnarled voice spoke forth. The child giggled and danced around the wispy tendrils as they lay in wait with their precious cargo. "It seems as if they wish to enter the vault of the ancients" the mother spoke softly as she ushered the child forth. The crone joined her as all three placed their hands on the door, and with a flash of light it parted its doors and allowed the wisps in. What came next was something even the immortal fates had never seen before. As the door opened the room that lay behind was a monument of beauty and history. The walls where while marble with giant pillars laced with gold. The floor was a woven path of rose, gold, black and silver stones. The center was a large waiting pool filled with silvery water. Hanging from the ceiling were the tattered and shredded remains of seven once golden threads. The lifeline of those now lost to history. The diming glow of souls struggling to hold on to what was left, unable to move one. The seven wisps shot forward and swirled up towards the tattered edges of the strings baring with them their cargo of seven new souls taken in their youth that without help will to be lost to time. The wispy swirl in the center of the seven lifted higher bringing its young little soul closer and as it just touched the tattered edge of the middle thread the room flared to life with a golden glow. An eerie female voice called forth from the tattered remains of the center fate thread; "Flower, gleam and glow, Let your power shine, Make the clock reverse, Bring back what once was mine, Heal what has been hurt, Change the Fates' design, Save what has been lost, Bring back what once was mine, What once was mine" The wisp and tattered string blossomed with a golden lily like flower and wove together to bring forth a new brilliantly glowing golden thread weaved with a silver one. A shadowy form stepped forth. Her long Raven hair cascaded down her ethereal form to the ground as she held the form of a small baby girl close to her breast. Glowing emerald eyes cast their view towards her small little cargo as her sheer fingers slid across the babe's cheek. "Fates, please return this child to where my magic has taken her. She shall live with my soul and hers' combined. The evil has returned and she will need my power to be this world's savior once more." As she spoke the six other tendrils shot up morphing with the remaining tattered remains, and once more a flash brought forward the ethereal forums of three men and three women all holding small babes the same age as Harri, save two men who held young boys the age of nine in their arms. The seven small children could be seen floating above the arms of their past incarnations glowing a bright silvery ghostly white as a tall man with raven hair and ruby eyes spoke "These seven children will be given our legacy and this worlds salvation. May they lead the lives we never could, and be free to love the one we could never have" Sirs Tom, Severus, Draconis, and Dames Hermione, Daphne and Luna all looked towards Harriett with love. The mother understood and with a deep nod and a wave of her hands and six of the seven children disappeared. The two older boys were sent to a rather lush and wealthy orphanage, not in their previous time lines but in the current one so that they could grow up to be no less than a few years older than their future princess. Four back to their homes awaiting the waking of their parents. Harriett kept hold of her little bundle and gently handed her little one over, with a final caress and kiss to her forehead she disappeared with her guards. The mother looked down and smiled. "You little one will have a great hardship in the beginning but trust us you have so much love awaiting you that all that pain will be rewarded" with that said little Harri disappeared and returned to her crib in time to awake and cry as the Aurors entered the house searching for survivors. Among the Aurors searching the destroyed house was a hood figure, though none knew he name he was a well-known Unspeakable code-named Shadow. James had been an a great Auror but Lily was the really treasure. She had been an unspeakable by the code name Ghost. It was a frantic last request that brought Shadow here today. He quickly made his way upstairs after hearing the faint cries, he reached the nursery without notice and quickly scoped the small child up and silenced her softly. He knew that Lily had not wanted the worst for her child, but to hide her from Dumbledore he would have to place her in the one place Lily despised, but she would be safe at all costs.