she see something that i can't' he tought perplexed. "Exactly Harry, trains are the key. This one..."she said pointing to the modern one, the same to where she has gone out "...is the train that will take you to heaven where you will be with us forev..." "What are we waiting for? let's go" He interrupted her happily, taking one of her hand and starting to drag her toward the train, only to see her freed herself with a tug. "Not so fast young man, i don't want for you to get on this train" She stated, now very very annoyed. It was the second time that her son blocked her speech. "But why?" "Because i'd like that you gets on the red train" she claimed pleadingly gesturing for ancient one "This train will bring you back" "Back where?" "To life, Harry. Where, when and how i cannot say, time is different here. Maybe he will take you again to the Forbidden Forest, where you will defeat the dark dickhead and his merry band of shit eater once and for all. Or perhaps, to your first year, where you'll redo everything with more grace, cunning and less foolying around. Or better to your forth year, where this time you will invite to the ball that french, blonde veela girl. She was stunnig, you idiot!" She finished yelling, clearly annoyed that his dunderhead son didn't try to bring that perfect girl in a broom closet. She was clearly smitten by him. They would have made beautiful children. "Sorry mom" He replied sheepishly, red in face like a pepper. Still, she was rigth, Fleur was every men wet dream. "Never mind my baby, but you see? You could live your life again. You could do everything you want, correct a lot of mistakes if you're lucky and maybe, just maybe eh, no pressure at all, take a beautiful french wife and have a lot of children. I've always wanted to be a granmother, you know." She said with a hopefull smile. He smiled at her, but something hit him like a thunder in a clear sky. "But if i go back... i'll never see you again mom..." he spoke with voice filled with sadness, and reluctance. He didn't really wish to go back. He's already lived his life after all. "Of course, you will see us again Harry. When yours time will come, when you will have white hairs and lived at least a century, only then maybe you could leave the world, with a smile on your lips, surrounded by your wife, children and granchildren, knowing to have lived the best life in the world. And we will be here, waiting for you" Lily replied in tear, hugging his son tightly. "And remember, even if you can't see us, we will be always here, in your heart" She said releasing the hug and poking him in the chest with a finger. He gave her a wet smile. "Ok mom, i'll do it. For you." He gave her a light kiss on the cheek and strated to walk toward the red train clutching tightly her right hand. "Can i ask you one last thing?" He asked unsure. "Shoot" "How are they?" She started to laugh. She had a very beautiful and musical laugh, like trilling bells. "They're alright honey, they're in Heaven after all. Your father has me, so it can't get any better for him" He rolled his eyes at her. It seems that modesty was not one of his mother best quality. "Hermione and Dumbledore are reading all the books that they can find, and let me tell you, heaven has a lot of books. Your friend, Dobby, is the new official Potter house elf. It's a funny little guy. And Sirius, well, let's just say that his heavenly coven of veela fantasy was not a myth like we thougth" she said shaking her head. Not even death could stop Sirius's lust. And worse of all, he was always right about the welcoming party. "I'm glad that you are all so happy" They finally reached the train. After a last hug, the train's doors opened, revealing a vortex of white light. "Goodbye mom" "Goodbye Harry" Harry turned and started to walk toward the portal, trying to hide his sobs and shaking shoulders. "WAIT!" Lily yelled and started to run toward him. He stopped and turned to look at her, eyebrows raised in question. She reached him, and put around his neck a beautiful silver necklace with a lily pendant. "Here. This was my mother favourite necklace, and mine too. Now is yours. This way you will always remeber this moment. I know that is a little girly but..." He immediately stopped her with a hug. "Thank you, it's perfect" He reassured her, looking with a big smile at the beautiful present. "I'm glad tha you like it. One last thing: when you will go away from this place, our souls won't be linked anymore. Only one soul at time can exit from here. Our Spirits will merge and become one." It made sense ... "You will probably note some changes in you when you wake up, so don't freak out if you see yourself with red hair" She finished jokingly, fighting to hold back the laughter. "Now it's time for you to go" Harry nodded and turned again, and this time he really went through the portal. He strarted to freefall in a tunnel of pure dark light ending in a dazzling white energy. And when he reached the end, everything went black again In the next chapter: ...a piece of paper hanging from the wall captured his attention. He slowly approached it and saw what it was: a simple calendar. Harry looked at it and was shocked out of his mind. He let the toy fall from his hands to the floor, breaking it. The date crossed was 30 May 1971. "Damn...this might be a problem" To be continued...