told them about...everything here. They wouldn't let me go back to Hogwarts if they found out about the war. They just don't get it, and I can't..." "Oh Hermione." Ginny pulled her into a hug. "I know that it seems like I can't understand. My parents both understand everything and they can only protect us so much. And I have all of my brothers, but I'm sorry that I can't help you at all. I just, if you need me at all you can talk to me, okay?" "I know." "Well, obviously you don't." Ginny retorted. "Listen, I don't care that you think you have to know everything. You're only fifteen Hermione. Sure you love to know everything about everything but when it comes down to it, you're still young. You can be weak too, you now. You don't have to the strong all the time. Just let yourself feel for merlin's sake." "Thanks, Gin." Hermione said. "Promise me." Hermione narrowed her eyes. "What?" "Promise me that you won't hold everything back and let yourself hurt all by yourself." "It's really not that important. I really am fine." "Damnit Hermione. Just promise me that you'll tell me if something really is bothering you. That's what friends are for." Ginny obviously wasn't going to let her go without a fight. A fight that Hermione wasn't willing to fight. "Alright, I promise." At Ginny's grin, she muttered, "Happy now?" "Very." Ginny pulled her friend into a tight hug. "Now you're going to tell me all about your vacation in Italy." "Well, it's not really Italy. Rome is much different than Venice, you see..." HPHPHPHP "Draco!" Pansy threw her arms around him as she entered the prefect cabin. He tried to shrug her off, to no avail. Damn Blaise and his persistently correct assumptions. Why Pansy? "Pansy." Draco drew out her name. "It's been quite a summer, has it not? I heard of your father's most recent... endeavor." "Your constant lack of emotion ceases to amaze me." Pansy laughed. The door slid open and Hermione and Weasley came through the door, the former looking much more uncertain. "I see you still can't go anywhere without your support animal, Granger." Draco nodded at Weasley. "Yeah! Well at least I've never been an actual ferret, Malfoy." Ron's face turned a stark red at the insult. Hermione tried to calm the redhead, but Draco caught the dark look she sent it. Though it was more of a hurt look than anything. Her brown eyes were darker than usual, as well. And her hair looked softer than it usually did, but maybe it was just that he never noticed the way her curls lay. "Ignore him, Ron. Don't let him make you angry." "Shut up, 'Mione. I'm gonna-" "Going to what, Weasley? Get your mother to push out more children?" Behind him, an older Slytherin Prefect started to laugh. "Or are you going to have Potty come and save you? Oh wait, Potty would just think the Dark Lord was here and let you-" Then, a professor walked in to corral the prefects into order and start the meeting. Draco closed his mouth, stopping the insult that graced his tongue. It wouldn't do to have points deducted already. Professor McGonnagal moved her hands in a wide circle. "Come here, come here. Now, this year is going to be slightly different with the way we handle the prefect duties. We believe that you are all very capable of handling a few more duties around the castle. There have been certain events in the last year, and we would like to pursue inter-house friendships within the student body. You'll learn more about these changes once we arrive at Hogwarts. "Now, if you will all pay close attention I will be dividing duties for each student." Thus, Draco shortly found himself patrolling part of the train with Crabbe and Goyle trailing behind him like incompetent human beings. They were talking amongst themselves, following way too close to his heals. If he hadn't been in a bad enough mood from dealing with Pansy... He rolled his eyes as they passed one such cabin, filled with Potter, the Weaslette and the blond Ravenclaw that always said odd things to him. Luna, he thought her name was. He couldn't resist opening the door with a snarl. "What?" Harry said aggressively, before Draco could open his mouth. "Manners, Potter, or I'll have to give you a detention," drawled Draco, sticking his chin out. 'You see, I, unlike you, have been made a prefect, which means that I, unlike you, have the power to hand out punishments.' "Yeah," said Harry, "but you, unlike me, are a git, so get out and leave us alone." Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville laughed. Draco pursed his lips in distaste. "Tell me, how does it feel being second-best to Weasley, Potter?" he asked. "Shut up, Malfoy," said Hermione sharply. His eyes turned to her, cheeks already flushed with anger. "I seem to have touched a nerve,' said Malfoy, smirking. 'Well, just watch yourself, Potter, because I'll be dogging your footsteps in case you step out of line." He saw the change in Potter's expression, and immediately knew that he had gone far enough with the antagonizing. He'd much rather not be slapped by Granger again. "Get out!" Granger practically roared. Sniggering, Malfoy gave Harry a last malicious look and departed, with Crabbe and Goyle lumbering along in his wake. The door slammed behind them, but Draco caught the look of anxiety in her eyes. Hello! I hope you like this chapter 1. I want you all to know that this story will have slow updating times because I'm getting married soon. I love the way this story is coming together so far. I plan to stick close to the timeline in OOTP, and slowly pull away from cannon after that. If you guys have any comments I would love to here them R&R and Stay Golden everyone Lady Goat