I?" "Where you are does not matter, Puella," Death answered. "It's where you're headed that you should be focusing on." Hermione stayed silent, trying to adjust and process everything through all the confusion. When she didn't respond, Death continued. "I have come with a proposition for you, young one," he spoke with authority, no hint to any feeling whatsoever. Not pity, nor maliciousness. He seemed devoid of all emotion entirely; an unfeeling entity. "You have a choice. If you so choose to decline my proposal, you may move on through the veil and join the after-life," Death's long cloaked arm gestured to behind where Hermione stood, and she turned to see a shimmering archway in the near-distance. "However," he continued. "If you choose to take my proposition, I will give you another chance at life." Hermione's brow dipped in confusion, "You mean like reincarnation?" "Ah," he replied. "Not quite. I know you are familiar with the tale of the three brothers, are you not?" Hermione's jaw twitched, her eyes growing wide and almost childlike. Nodding her head in recognition, she dropped her gaze slightly. "My gifts to wizardkind have caused much destruction," he said firmly. "Their existence has reeked havoc and chaos among both the living as well as the dead." "So you need me to get them back for you," Hermione said to the figure. Her mind screamed at her to just turn around and run straight on in through the veil, but something made her linger. "No," Death said, shaking his head. "I need you to destroy them completely." Hermione opened her mouth to respond, but seemed at a loss for words. "It will require dark magic," he added. "Darker than you can even begin to comprehend. But if your heart is pure enough, and as long as you keep that lightness within you, I believe you will not be lost to the fates of temptation. If you are able to complete this task, you will be gifted with immense power. Power that all other witches and wizards could not dream to possess. You must be careful with your endeavors, Hermione, should you choose to accept my proposal." Hermione was quiet, standing before the long cloaked figure of Death. How ? How would she even know what to do, or where to find them all? "Why me?" she asked, looking into the dark void of the hood of his cloak, searching for answers in eyes that did not exist. "There are many reasons," he replied. "Reasons that are clear to me, and need not concern you right now." Hermione's head swirled, she was still just so very confused. "Will I be punished if I refuse?" she asked, shakily. Death stood there a moment, and Hermione could feel him watching her from almost every angle around her. He was portraying himself as this dark cloaked figure before her, but he was more than that. He was more than a figure. Here- wherever 'here' was- Death was everywhere. He was everything. "No," he spoke at last. "But, if it helps persuade you, I will say that you will have the opportunity to save those your world has lost. To create a world in which your loved ones- and various other innocent lives- will gain the opportunity to be free of the horrors and suffering they had endured during their time on Earth." Save people? And then it clicked. "You want to send me back in time ?" she asked, her tone rising slightly in astonishment. "Time is relative, young one," Death answered. "But I will be sending you to a moment in history that took place before your birth, yes." "Will you be sending me back to when you originally created the Deathly Hallows? Will I be completely re-born? How will I remember any of this in order to complete the mission?" the questions shot out of Hermione's mouth, her mind racing at a million times a minute. "Be calm, Puella," Death said soothingly. "You will be placed within a simpler time, one that you will be able to adapt to fairly easily. You will not be reborn, you will have a similar body to the one you inhabited before your untimely death." Hermione bit her lip in thought, the offer was very tempting, but seemed dangerous as well as strenuous. Should she turn towards the Veil? Should she forget about all the "what ifs" and just merely move on? Or should she agree to help Death and destroy the symbols of the Deathly Hallows, potentially saving hundreds- no- thousands of lives in the process? What happened if Harry failed, and Voldemort succeeded with his plot of world domination? She had the chance right now to prevent all of that. To prevent the suffering of the entire world. She would be going to a time before her birth, and could even possibly give him back his parents. "You will keep your memories," Death said, interrupting her thoughts. "Of both your previous life and of our conversation. But you must stay cautious. Drastic changes may damage your future, guard your memories well." Closing her eyes, Hermione focused on the light within her. The same light she had always had, even when she was alive. The very same light she used when summoning her magic. The light she used when she needed to make tough decisions, and the very light that followed her beyond life itself. "I'll do it," she said, opening her eyes and looking up towards Death. But he was already gone. The bright white light around her pulsated, growing brighter and brighter until she lost all consciousness once more. Author's note: Thank you so much for reading, I am absolutely ecstatic and excited about this new story, and I hope you guys enjoy it as well Reviews are always loved and appreciated, if you have any questions, feel free to ask them or even shoot me a PM! Next update: Hermione wakes up in the 1940s. Dun dun dunnnn!