to his father. Draco opened it, landing randomly on the page where it showed a picture of a Hungarian Horntail. Scorpius pointed at it and jabbered excitedly. "That's a dragon," Draco told him. "Can you say 'dragon'?" "Dagon!" "It's a Horntail," Lysander added, smiling encouragingly at their baby brother. "This dragon is a Hungarian Horntail," he said, pointing to the picture. "Can you say Horntail?" Lorcan asked excitedly. "On-tay!" Scorpius repeated. "Dagon on-tay!" "Very good!" Draco praised proudly. Lorcan clapped his hands and Lysander patted their little brother's head affectionately. Scorpius giggled joyously over the attention, hands waving up in the air. As the they doted on him, his silver eyes caught a movement behind his brothers and he squealed. "Mama!" The three snapped their heads to the direction he faced, and Luna woefully undid the disillusionment spell she cast on herself. "He always knows," she mumbled, shaking her head in amusement as she neared them. "How long have you been here?" Draco asked, a little surprised. "Just when Scorpius learned the word dragon," she smiled. "Dagon!" Scorpius giggled, still waving his hands up. "Dagon on-tay!" Luna chuckled as she knelt in front of him and planted a kiss on his forehead. "You're learning so fast," she beamed, and then turned to kiss each of the twins' foreheads. "Thank you for taking care of your little brother." "You're welcome, Mama," Lorcan and Lysander said cheerily in unison. She scooted to Draco's side before giving him a kiss. "They said you were talking with Wilhelmina," he prodded as she leaned her head on his shoulder, just like always. "She wanted to show me something," she explained. With an excited smile on her face, she shared, "Star is pregnant." The twins gasped at the news. Star was a winged horse they found about five years ago, and she was the only other silver stallion next to Nimbus. She was no replacement for Dream, of course, but Luna thought her precious nonetheless. Without a moment to spare, the twins scrambled on their knees and looked at their mother with large, hopeful eyes. "Can it be ours, please, Mama?" "We promise we'll take good care of it." The request doesn't come across as a surprise, really; they grew up with Nimbus and Star, but those were still their parents', and they didn't have the liberty to play with them most of the time. "I don't see why not," Luna smiled indulgently, "but we don't know how many she'll give birth to yet, and you might have to share." "We don't mind," they chorused. "We won't be selfish," Lorcan promised as Lysander added, "We'll even share with Scorpius." "Scohp!" Scorpius yelled happily upon hearing his name. "San-der! Lo-ca!" Draco patted his youngest's hair fondly. "Scorpius is still too young right now, but it's nice of you to think of your brother." "It'll be a year before you can play with Star's kids," Luna informed them. As much as she would love for the kids to have new playmates sooner than then, she didn't want to separate the children from their parents too early; it would affect their growth. "That's okay," Lysander assured him. Lorcan nodded alongside him. "We can wait." "You really are your mother's children," Draco couldn't help but comment. All of his boys looked like him, but they were absolute angels. They inherited so much from their mother that it was almost unfair. Almost. It was easier running two kingdoms – now merged into one they call Rêve, though they retained the regional distinctions between Celeste and Émeraudes – when you have well-behaved sons. "Alright, then," Lu permitted. The boys' smiles widened further. "No pranks on the other creatures in the meantime, okay?" "Okay!" they chorused happily. "Kay!" Scorpius chirped in, not wanting to be left out. He turned his little torso to look at his dad, one hand grabbing his sleeve and the other pointing to the book. "Dada!" he demanded, "Da-gon on-tay!" "Sorry, we were reading, weren't we?" Draco said amusedly. "Dah!" Scorpius angled his head to look at his mother. "Mama!" "This one's taking after you," Lu whispered to him before turning the page for the youngest little Malfoy. "Oh! Look at that, Scorpius." Scorpius turned back to the book, tilting his head curiously as he looked at the fiery creature in the page. "Da-gon?" "That's a Salamander," Lysander helpfully pointed out. "Sawa?" Scorpius tried, prompting Lorcan to help him get the name right. Draco smiled as he watched, dropping a fond kiss on top of his wife's forehead. He's starting to feel the day's exhaustion come back, but he's faring better at managing it; he'll always have energy for this . It's good to be home. FIN Author's Note : Can't say I'm completely satisfied with how this turned out – I deviated from the original plotline by the time I was in the middle. This was supposed to be more angst than fluff, but it's as if I can't help gravitating toward the latter. (I reckon it comes with being a generally happy and hopeful person.) Still, the plot bunny ran around my head long enough to distract me from Castles in the Sky and I figured I might as well polish what I produced and share it anyway. I thought of doing a complementary oneshot from Luna's perspective, but I'll work on that after I finish a couple overdue installments for Castles. For now, I'm marking this story as complete. Hope you enjoyed it! Reviews are not required, but much appreciated. I wrote and edited this entire thing on my phone so I'd appreciate any missed errors being pointed out. Otherwise, a kind word here or there can go a long way. EDIT 6/13/2017: Thank you to the kind anon reviewer who pointed out that genetic identity can be detected in bones. (I don't know why I didn't know that.) I've revised that bit, plus worked on some other minor fixes. Thank you for all the reviews!