than triple-chocolate cake. Happy birthday, Minnie. We love you. The whole class cheered, and Minerva wiped a tear discretely. "Happy birthday, Professor!" Sirius shouted, while James got on a chair. "Everybody: sing!" he screamed, before starting to move his wand like an orchestra director. "Happy birthday to you..." "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday Professor, happy birthday to you...!" they all sang –even Lily Evans, before cheering again. Remus transfigured Sirius' quill into a bouquet of flowers and approached the platform to give them to Minerva, who was blowing her nose, touched. "Happy birthday, Professor," he said. "Thank you," Minerva inhaled and accepted the flowers before sending Remus to his seat. "Thank you, really. I wasn't expecting this at all, and I am very thankful for this detail, even though I suppose you know I'm going to punish you," she added, looking at the Marauders, who just shrugged. "Now, please open your books on page 250, take out your wands and start exercise one." Phase six: Accept the master's plan's consequences, because Professor McGonagall makes no exceptions "Sirs, I have no words," Minerva said while sitting in her office. After her, the Marauders entered and sat comfortably on the chairs just opposite the desk. "We wanted to gift you with something beautiful for your birthday, Minnie," Sirius answered. "And wouldn't it have been easier to just give me some flowers instead of making all that show in my class?" "Probably," James answered, "but then you wouldn't have liked it half as much, admit it." "What's more, if we hadn't done it, then you wouldn't have a motive to punish us," Peter added. "That's true. And don't deny it, you're going to punish us," Sirius accused, smiling through all. Minerva grinned. "I'm going to punish you even though I have really appreciated the detail, sirs." "But please be good, Minnie, for we've done it with love," James begged. "For that reason, I'm not going to deduct House points," the teacher answered, looking at them over her glasses. "Let's see: you've sent a letter as if you were an official organization to scare a teacher, you've spelled the blackboard on the Transfiguration class, you've stopped the normal execution of class, and you've created a nice scandal. For all that, you'll understand that I'm putting you in charge of the cleaning and the order of all the classrooms on the second floor for a whole week." "All right," Remus nodded. "Good night, sirs." The Marauders got up and started walking towards the exit. "Oh, by the way," the teacher added, stopping them all at the door. "Mister Black and Mister Potter, I'd thank you if you explained to me why do I have one's diagram, the other's summary and an essay signed as 'From your studious students, James Potter and Sirius Black'." "Well, I asked you if James and I could do the essay and you answered that, in fact, we had to do the essay," Sirius shrugged with a smug smile. "So that's what we did. We did an essay." "All right. And do I have to divide the essay's mark and give half of it to each one of you?" "Sirius and I'd be very thankful if you gave each of us the whole mark, Professor," James answered. "No doubt. And I'd be very thankful, Mister Potter, if when I ask for a diagram, a summary and an essay you gave me all three of them and not a summary and, it seems, half of an essay." James had the decency to look chastised, but Sirius remained perfectly composed. "And can any of you explain why you decided to tergiversate my words and do what you wanted by dividing the work?" "Because unity makes strength, Minnie, and James and I united for an Outstanding," Sirius answered, winking at her. Minerva touched her temple with her fingers. "I'm not going to punish you for this, but make sure that for tomorrow you have written everything." "Yes, Professor," James and Sirius answered together. "You may go." When Remus had opened the door and they all were ready to leave, Minerva stopped them again. "Sirs." "Professor," Peter answered. "Know that I too appreciate you, but if you ever make a show like this again, I'm going to rethink it." "Understood, Professor," Remus answered. Immediately after, the four Marauders disappeared through the door, and Minerva was left alone, thinking. Phase seven: Repeat to death since phase one James Potter sighed and turned on his bed. And then he turned again. And again. And then he turned once more. In the end, he turned onto his left side. "Sirius," he whispered. "Mmmmwhat," he mumbled. "I can't sleep." Sirius sighed. "And why should I care?" "Guys, shut up," muttered Peter from his bed, nearly fully asleep. "I don't know what to do," James continued, ignoring Peter, "and I thought that you may have some ideas." "Let's see, Prongs. You have Marauder spirit, right?" "Of course," James answered, offended. "And what have we been trying to do since we started school and haven't been able to do yet?" "Become legendary?" "We already are." "Have Snivellus expelled?" "Apart from that." James was quiet for so long Sirius thought he was asleep. "I don't know," James admitted in the end. "Prank Minnie and survive without detention." "Okay. All right. So what?" "Well, using your Marauder spirit and your insomnia, you could think of a brilliant and foolproof prank." "Fuck, that's right. I'm gonna' think of a brilliant and foolproof prank." "Let's see if that's true and lives up to my expectations." James stuck out his tongue in the dark. "It will surpass them, Padfoot, it will surpass them." Final phase: Hope Minerva McGonagall doesn't punish anyone for the possible consequences of the master plan [Misters Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs regret to inform they have never reached such a high level as the final phase.] So, what did you think? Drop me a review and let me know! :) LadyChocolateLover