the worst pick up line you've ever heard. There are loads that are worse!" "Really?" He smiled. "Oh, Hermione, you do not know what you are in for." "I'm not sure I want to know," she retorted. "Did the great Hermione Granger herself just admit that there was one piece of knowledge she didn't want to obtain?" He clutched his heart and collapsed against her side dramatically. "Shove off, Fred, you know what I meant." "All right, well here's an argument you might appreciate, Miss Granger. How in Merlin's name are you supposed to be able to know that what I said was the worst pickup line ever if you have never heard the truly egregious pickup lines that are out there!" "Did you just use the word egregious to make me listen to your twaddle?" Hermione smiled. Fred pouted. "I'm hurt. I am a noble Gryffindor, above such debase tomfoolery as that, Hermione. How could you possibly—" "All right, all right," Hermione interrupted him, "I'll listen to three that you think are particularly—how did you say?—oh, yes, egregious ." Fred beamed. "All right. Number one—no, Hermione, you have to look at me while I say them to you!" "Fine," she said, turning to face him. "Number one," he continued, looking into her eyes with a twinkle, "Since you just doubted my honor as a Gryffindor, I can say that I was put there because… wait for it… the Sorting hat saw my destiny and it said I'm meant to be in your house!" Hermione laughed. "That's pretty funny," she said. "Though it is so blatant it isn't really a good pickup line. Does that explain why you have been coming over so much?" "Of course," he smirked, ruffling his hand in her hair. She swatted his hand away. "All right, next one," he said, "I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky." Hermione spluttered, and Fred waggled his eyebrows. "Does anyone actually use these?" she asked. "Dunno." "No one has ever used these to me," Hermione said. "Maybe you just weren't meeting the right kind of guys," Fred offered. "Or maybe I was meeting the exactly right kind of guys," she retorted, locking gazes with him and smiling. "Wow, Hermione, that sounded an awful lot like a pickup line to me," Fred teased, but did not look away. "You know that's not what I meant," she said. "Whatever you say," Fred said, smiling. "Your third one better be good," Hermione said, looking away, "Because these first two are pretty lame. I maintain that it isn't a pickup line if no one in their right mind would actually use it. And don't you pout at me, Fred Weasley!" Fred smiled at this last. "You really like saying my name, don't you, Hermione?" She spluttered. "What, I think you've said it three times in the last five minutes." "I hardly think that counts as a lot," she retorted. "You've said mine way more than that." "Been counting, have you?" Fred asked, and Hermione couldn't help but think that he looked absurdly pleased with himself. "Wipe that smile off your face, Fred Weasley—oh will you just shut up—" "Did it again!" "Whatever. You still have to amaze me with the terribleness of your final pickup line. And it has to be something that actually works." "You want it to work, do you?" he asked with a smirk, moving closer to her. "Very interesting." Hermione swatted him. "Fine. Ok, here we go," he moved even closer and cupped her cheek with his hand. It was somehow tender and she didn't think he was playing anymore. "Hermione," he said, completely serious, "If you were a Dementor, I would become a criminal just to get your kiss." "Oh really?" she asked. "Yes, really," he said. "Well, that would be a loss," she said. He pulled away just a fraction, "Why?" he asked. "Because," she said in a small voice, reaching for his hand, "You have a lovely soul, and I would hate for it to be eaten." He looked back up at her, lacing his fingers through hers, a content smile softening his features. Her stomach swooped. "Thanks, Hermione." "I mean it," she said. "I know you do," he said, "and I'm glad." Later, they never quite could figure out who made the first move. One moment they were staring into each other's eyes on the couch. And then, Fred was swooping, and her hands were in his hair, and they were kissing as if their lives depended upon it. She smiled into the kiss, happy. Eventually, they broke apart. "Don't take this as evidence that that pickup line is good," she said, "It's not." "Is it worse than the one I said that got us into this discussion?" he asked, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "Definitely," she said, kissing him, again. "So you admit that you were wrong?" he teased. "I admit nothing other than that I find it rather ironic that I will be thinking of Dementors in the future when perfoming my patronus." Fred beamed. "A happy memory, indeed," he said, "And the irony makes the memory even better! Expecto Patronum! " A glowing silver hyena burst out from his wand and made as if to sniff Hermione, before stalking over to the towel Fred had left on the floor. "I had better go hang that up, before it drips over your very nice floor," Fred said, attempting to disentangle himself. Hermione used her wand to levitate the towel to the bathroom. "No need," she said, pulling him back down, "It will be there for you next time you need it. Which, I hope, is very often." "Oh, don't worry Hermione," he said, kissing her again, "I'm sure my bathroom won't be fixed anytime soon." "Poor George," Hermione said, laughing. It was the last thing she said for a while—unless, of course, you count the full name of one Frederick Gideon Weasley.