gasped, the gentle touch travelling straight to his cock. Ron arched his back as he shuddered out another release. His second climax moved through his body like honey: slow and sweet. He felt waves of pleasure roll from his curled toes all the way to his fingertips, each strong pulse eliciting a long moan. Once his orgasm finished, Ron fell limp as he fought to steady his breath. "You're so gorgeous when you're covered in come," Harry complimented Ron's heaving chest, splashed with another layer of glistening jizz. "Harry, we need to clean up before Hermione returns and this really becomes a right mess," Ron warned whilst he stared up at the dark ceiling of their tent, the smell of sex saturating the air. "But we're not done yet," Harry demurred as he slinked down Ron's body. "I haven't had nearly enough of you." "Harry—" Ron whimpered when Harry's mouth enveloped his soft, super-sensitive length. "Ah! Harry, too much! It's too much," he moaned. Whilst Harry fondled Ron's bollocks and massaged his perineum, he slipped his tongue past Ron's foreskin, licking at his seeping slit and wet glans. He kissed the sides of Ron's prick in worship between caresses of his lips over Ron's velvety flesh. Then he focused on sucking Ron's prick from base to crown as his thumb rubbed circles into Ron's twitching opening. Pressing his heels into the thin mattress, Ron writhed and mewled at the overstimulation but loved that it was Harry's head rising and dipping between his legs, that it was Harry slurping at his slowly thickening cock. The locket glowed even brighter than before; its magic now feeling warm and welcoming against Ron's skin. Harry switched to stimulating Ron's arse with his left hand so that he could reach for his wand. The moment his hand touched his wand, the locket flashed with brilliance. Without needing to remove his mouth from Ron's prick to utter the spell, a small bottle of cooking oil flew from the other side of the tent. Harry let his wand drop, and the bottle landed in the palm of his hand with a smack. As he continued to suck Ron's cock, Harry removed the stopper with his thumb and index finger, then poured a generous amount of oil onto his left hand and over Ron's opening. Setting aside the resealed bottle, he inched a finger into Ron's arse. "Fuck," Ron gasped when Harry breached his hole, his length fully hardening. The sensation of Harry's finger slowly sliding out of him was just as amazing. "More," Ron moaned, thrusting up his hips. Harry began hammering his finger into Ron's bumhole, whilst at the same time increasing the pressure of his lips around Ron's length. He inserted a second finger, and then a third. "Ah, fuck!" Ron's eyes went wide in amazement, a puddle of come dripping from his cock. "Whatever you did, do it again." Ramming his fingers into the same exact spot, Harry smiled around Ron's prick when Ron inhaled in a sharp breath. He then moaned in surprise at the taste of Ron's come as it coated his tongue. After Harry swallowed the last of Ron's load, he kissed the head of Ron's softening shaft. "You're such a dirty, dirty cock slut." Harry husked. "Look what you've done." He rose onto his knees. "Your sweet taste has made my prick all hard again." "And you." Harry glanced down at Ron's opening and then smiled. "You're nice and loose, now. Perfect for a hard fucking." Lust and fear were etched on Ron's face as he took in Harry's formidable size. Hooking an arm around each of Ron's knees, Harry pushed Ron's legs up until his arse was elevated to the perfect height. As he looked straight down into Ron's eyes, the shining locket illuminated both of their faces. Unable to hold back anymore, Harry shoved his length into Ron's hole, relishing the resulting smack. Straining against the belts and bowing his neck, Ron cried out from both the sudden burn of being penetrated and the bliss of Harry's huge cock hitting his prostate. The pounding force of Harry riding Ron's bent-in-half body caused Harry to grunt with each thrust. "Ron," Harry growled. "Get fucking hard. I'm not going to come until you are." "I-I can't, Harry. I've already come three times!" "You fucking better; I don't care if Hermione winds up watching: I'm not going to stop buggering you until you come with my fat cock up your arse." Ron whined as his exhausted body obeyed, his prick twitching to life. "That's right… You know you want me to fill your hole with my hot come. Get hard, Ron. Get hard for me ." "For you," Ron agreed as his length thickened, his foreskin retreating, revealing the ruddy tip of his cock. "Hurry..." Harry gasped, his arms shaking with effort. "Hurry," he said again with more desperation. "Come. For me. Come!" "FUCK! HARRY! FUUUUCK!" Searing ecstasy swamped Ron's body as only a dribble of jizz slid down his length. Each following dry spasm drew a whimper from Ron, his overstimulated cock mixing pleasure and pain. Harry threw his head back. "Oh, fuck! Ron! FUCK!" He flooded Ron's channel, not allowing his thrusts to waver, wanting to wring as much pleasure out of Ron as he could. Once they both were no longer breathless, Harry kissed Ron, deep and slow. "Fuck, Ron. You make me so hot… I can't get enough; I won't ever get enough." Ron closed his eyes, blocking out the fading gleam of the locket, enjoying the weight of Harry's body on top of his. "Won't ever be enough," he agreed, meeting Harry's lips again. Both of them, so entranced with the other, didn't notice when Harry's wristwatch buzzed four times. The End Comments are always welcome. If you enjoyed this story, check my profile for other works you may enjoy. Thanks for reading! :) Additional Notes: " Invincula, " from a Latin phrase, means "into bonds."