panicking. Under the pressure, it only took them an hour or two to clean up the house, making it look like the family still lived here and Damien was only a guest. They had to do the other house too, just in case, and it took them almost half of the night as it had become very dusty. They were good to cover themselves. They put food in both of the fridges, undid the beds of both houses, checked on everything, starting the electricity and the water. They had decided to lock the Dursleys in their room, which used to be the couple's chamber, and to reduce the magic control that Harry had on them at a minimum range, hoping that the witch that was going to come wouldn't notice. Then, they waited, all the night on the couch, watching TV in a desperate attempt to change their mind. They had no remorse, they had done what needed to be done (mostly), but at this moment it was them against the world, and the world seemed to know too many things about them already. They hated the unknown, and they hated that this very feeling looked too much like what had made the others cruel towards them. But they were together, so they remained calm, doing things as if they were natural, even if they were looking at every second for a pair of unknown eyes to look at them. Eventually, they fell asleep. Harry found himself in a dusty room. A bathroom, actually, gloomy and dirty like the ones in abandoned houses. There was a mirror, but he could't quite recognize himself in it. The man that was in front of him didn't look like him, quite older, he looked to be around 25, but Harry could sense that he wasn't. He had sharp, aristocratic features, black hairs, he was handsome, but something in him was disturbing. His eyes. Harry couldn't move away of their crimson stare. Strangely, he didn't feel scared. No, he had the impression that he had always knew the man, even if he couldn't say from where. It was something at the back of his head. His reflection was looking at him with interest, studying his face like he was a strange insect and needed to decide if he was worth of attention. None of them talked for a moment. Harry felt a dizziness on the back of his mind, an intrusion. Focusing on everything he had, he pushed it away as gentle as he could. The imprint of the intruder felt familiar, and Harry didn't want to be aggressive, but he couldn't quite control the forces to defend himself. The expression on the man's face changed: he looked pleased, surprised, and actually quite friendly, even if he looked more like the kind of men you have to respect than those you can be close to. A man will come to your house , the man said, do not trust him. The man's voice was warm, but sharp. Harry felt his scar burning, and somewhere behind them he heard a woman scream. He nodded, more confused than scared. He opened his mouth to answer. Suddenly, he was overflown his a storm of images, sounds, information that came from somewhere else, about things he couldn't have had imagine. They were all about an old man he didn't know. It took a second, but the man's face remained into his memory. His skull was about to explode under the pressure. He couldn't make a sound. He blenched. His scar was burning and his chick hurt. It took a moment to realize that Damien had just slapped him. The other boy was looking at him with a mix of worries, interrogations and fear. Feeling something running on his face, Harry found out that his scar was bleeding. He ran to the bathroom to stop it, be when he found the bandages it was already gone. He washed himself, changed his clothes and went back downstairs. " What the hell was that! " gasped Damien "I don't know, Damy, I don't know." Harry was shaken. He sat on the couch to think. He wasn't sure about what was real and what wasn't. Inspecting his mind, he found the image of the old man. "I had... a vision I think, something like that. It said that an old man is gonna come, and that we can't trust him." "Didn't you just dreamed? I mean a nightmare, and hit your face somewhere..." "We will know. I have a very clear image of this man. It felt so real... If he is the one that come, I'll do a sign for you, and we'll know what to do. " Damien nodded. He had stopped wondering a long time ago about the possibilities of things to happen around his new brother, and all he could do was trust him. And none of them knew where their abilities stopped; they had to take every chance. "It's not like we were going to tell everything to the first witch we met" he said ironically smiling, his only icy eye sparkling in amusement. "It doesn't look like a good idea indeed" agreed Harry. "And, may I say that I'm not aware of anything on magic or else. " "Do I even know you? "Asked Harry, a malicious glimmer in his green eyes. He was reassured that fear had gone from Damien's face. He couldn't possibly manage to get out of the situation without him, and in the end, he didn't even want to. To be alone, and he knew it better than everyone else, was the worst thing imaginable. Being alone was dooming himself to weakness and confusion, and Harry was a child that despised both. They didn't even finish their breakfast when Harry felt something at the back of his head. Magic. He made a sign to inform Damien and a few second later someone was knocking at the door. Harry went to open it.