met, and they closed in on each other, tacitly accepting the caress of body of the other. Singing together, they accompanied the singer. I'm so excited And I just can't hide it I know, I know, I know, I know I want you I want you ! Turning around each other, they were slowly creating a space, emptied of students but full of tension, in which they danced, swirling and moving freely to the music. The singer's voice accompanied them in their discovery of this shared magic. As the second verse rushed about, the rate of their heartbeats was increasing rapidly. We shouldn't think about tomorrow Sweet memories will last a long, long time Their spirits blossomed with their expectations.. We'll have a good time, baby Don't you worry Draco was ready to dive head-first into this never-seen opportunity.. And if we're still playing around Boy that's just fine ! Their playful voices mingled with these promises. Around them, students had started dancing again, but everyone was happy to behold this memorable moment. Our two heroes exchanged words, contacts and looks in which happiness' light shone bright Let's get excited We just can't hide it No, no, no, no I'm about to lose control and I think I like it Suddenly, Draco grabbed of Harry, his pallium flying around his body in his eagerness. His eyes dived into Harry's, and deep down in them he saw a serious answer. Now he'd matured, he intended to catch up with these six years, wasted on insults and incomprehension, in hate and hurt. I'm so excited And I just can't hide it I know, I know, I know, I know I want you I want you ! The last sentence hadn't ended that he'd pressed his lips against those of his best enemy forever. In both of their brains, the gesture blew away any other thought… Their minds obsessed with their sealed lips, their heat spreading through their paralysed bodies. They stayed motionless that way for some time, before parting slowly. The world around them started again, resurrecting from the depths of their maddest hopes. As the lyrics went on, they tried to catch their breath and to put an order to their thoughts. Look what you do to me You got me burning up I'm about to lose control And I think I like it And as suddenly as it had happened, Harry grabbed Draco's hands and started dancing again. He was ready to forgive every one of his mistakes, and was intent on burying the war-axe once and for all if only he'd kiss him that way once more! As for him, Draco was wondering why his body had reacted that way, but especially since when did Potter attract him that much? Since forever, surely… Ready to discover this new page of their relationship, they danced together for a few songs, before rejoining their friends around the room's two noisiest tables. THE END SEE YOU LATER! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . OR REALLY? As Hermione slipped through the Infirmary doors to visit Ron who'd already been there for a few hours, our united friends had assembled in a discreet corner of the wing. -"But how could you expect me to be sure? One hair, guys! ONE hair! And the library wasn't really crowded either… The chances of failing weren't so high! It's bad luck, that's all…" Dean explained, with a lopsided grin. As a good dorm-mate should, he hadn't missed the chance of making fun of Ron when the latter had gobbled up all of Harry's chocolates, sounding their plan's death knell. Their plan, which had been the result of a long week's pondering, evenings meeting in the Room of Requirement, (with cakes and tea), had not gone on as planned. To succeed in their quest, our associates had decided to give Ron a taste of his own medicine. Everybody had a role to play : Seamus had pick up one of Harry's hairs, Dean one of Hermione's, Theo and Millie had to make a love potion, and Pansy supervised them all. When the potion had been finished, they'd sprinkled some on two boxes of Honeydukes' Chocolates and they then had laid the boxes on the two future lovers' beds, their aim being to create a false relationship between harry and Hermione, thus awakening Ron's jealousy and driving him to revealing his true feelings. Unfortunately, as everybody knows, their plan had screwed up magnificently… The hair was in fact one of Romilda Vane's, and Hermione hadn't been so trusting as to not check her present first. Upon discovering the subterfuge, she'd thrown it straight in the bin. As for him, Harry never had the chance to taste the chocolates before Ron had gulped them all down. -"I knew that you would ruin the plan." Pansy muttered. -"You were happy visiting Zonko's though!" -"But it was so EASY!" Groaned Millie, emphasizing her last word with a wild gesture of her arms. "How could you even screw up?" -"Only one word : Gryffindors!" Theo laughed. The aforesaid Gryffindors raised their eyes to the ceiling. -"I've had enough of you, Theo", let out Seamus, wanting to sound annoyed. A promising wink was his only answer. -"A-ny-way," said Dean, attempting to break the tension. "It's not that bad, is it?" -"It is!" chorused the three Slytherins. Pansy explained : "Lavender and Ron are going to get closer and closer and we'll have to find a new genius plan…" Her sentence was cut off by Lavender bursting out of the Infirmary, slamming its doors, and fulminating, crossing them without even seeing them . The noise of her crying followed her down the corridor, ending their argument. -"Or not!" Pansy concluded . THE REAL END! 1 : HAHAHARRY POTTER ! 2 : mouahahaha I (almost) forgot an "o"! 3 : "VOLDEMORT!" "SHHHHHH!" "Sorryyyy" 4 : sorry Percy, personally I lurrrrrve Athena ! - original note