but I was fairly certain I wasn't qualified to provide it. God, she was something to look at, though. She even smelt good: something soft and floral, too light to be synthetic; expensive. I wanted to inhale the scent of her hair. I smiled uncertainly and tried not to think inappropriate thoughts about my mother . No. Come on, no . "Er," I said, then, "hello." "Draco, come here to say hello to your sister," said Narcissa, looking over one shoulder. He looked wary and not entirely pleased to meet me, which I thought was understandable - more understandable, perhaps, than the reactions I'd received from Narcissa and Lucius. "It's good to meet you," he said, sounding as though he was not really sure that it was, in fact, good to meet me. "You, too," I said, with an uncertain smile. "This is really weird," I added to him, as though neither adult was watching us intently. He nodded, but didn't say anything else - although his eyes were narrowed and his mouth was a hard line. I wasn't sure if he had decided he disliked me personally or if he just didn't like the circumstances. "Come, sit down, eat something - let me pour you some tea," said Narcissa, drawing me along behind her as she returned to the table. We sat and settled, and Narcissa did offer me a cup - a lovely one, with a muted blue pattern around the edge, made of bone china so fine that it was translucent in the sun. I inhaled the steam when she poured, and for a moment everything was scented soft and faintly bittersweet, beautiful and homey. I closed my eyes. Mm. When I opened them again, three sets of eyes were watching me with expressions that ranged from amused to slightly annoyed. "I-" Narcissa stopped. "Do you know," she said in a strained voice. "I don't know your name. We'd decided on one, on Sixta, but-" I told her, although considering Marlow's reaction it was sort of against my better judgement. But Sixta? Really? She repeated my name carefully. Her accent was a lot better than his, but it didn't seem to sit well with her anyway. "It means conquest and triumph, doesn't it?" she added. "It's a good name. A little... ethnic, perhaps, but good." Ethnic , Christ. "We might change it, I think," she went on. "Not that it's not a lovely name, of course, but it's - a little bit, well. We could call you Victoria. It would keep the meaning intact but... Well, Victoria's quite a nice name, too, don't you think?" "I'm not even sure I want to stay here, yet," I said, eyeing her. She was still beautiful, I was just... less attracted to her. Fancy that. She looked stricken by that comment, though. "Not- not stay? Why ever not?" She raised one hand to her mouth. "I don't understand." Lucius looked incredibly uncomfortable, although Draco looked more hopeful than distressed. "I have a life and a family there, too, you know," I pointed out. I sipped my tea, though, and it was really nice. Really nice. Delicate. Steeped perfectly. I did have a family, although my connection to them was fairly tenuous. I was sure they'd miss me if I left, but... well, nothing out of the usual way. They'd be sad, not devastated. "She's agreed to discuss it with us before she decides," Lucius interjected. Draco rolled his eyes, selected a tiny pastry and popped it on his plate, more or less ignoring the discussion. "Oh," said Narcissa. It seemed to take her a moment to recover from this, and in the meantime she glanced at Draco's movements and said, "Here, please, take something to eat. There's cake, if you like." "Oh, I can't," I said, prepared to undertake the awkward discussion about Why No Wheat Ever yet again. "I can't have wheat flour. Thank you, though. They do look lovely." This, if anything, appeared to be quite the wrong thing to say. "You can't have wheat flour?" repeated Narcissa, looking bewildered. "It's a disorder where - there are proteins in some grain crops that make me sick. It's like an allergic reaction," I tried to explain. I wasn't sure how much of that a witch would understand, but - "Sprue?" she said, confused. "But that's a childhood deformity. Surely you've had it fixed?" I blinked. "I... what?" Sprue was an old-fashioned word for coeliac disease, but I hadn't thought it would even be a thing they'd know of. "It's a very simple spell," she said. "Any healer can perform it -" "Wait," I interrupted. "Are you saying that somebody can cast a spell on me - one spell - and I can eat wheat products ?" "Well, yes," said Narcissa slowly. "My dear, do they not fix this where you've come from?" "No - I -" I opened my mouth to tell her there was no magic, but Lucius was looking distinctly uncomfortable. Conscious of distressing Narcissa, I shook my head. "No," I said slowly instead, "they must not have invented that one yet." I paused. "So if I stay here, I can have bread?" I asked brightly. Please be aware: this story's not got much of a plot, and certainly contains very few power fantasies, unless you consider the power to consume gluten a really serious thing (I do. Your mileage may vary). This character is not here for dominion or to save the world. She just wants to eat bread and maybe live to thirty. Otherwise... I have vague and nebulous plans for the next few bits of this story but from then on it'll be "well whatever," which is 100% accurate to my SI because that's how I plan my own life too. But plans exist. You can drop me a comment below if there was something you particularly liked; if there was something you particularly didn't like, welp, you can always exit the browser window.