of caulk. Using her skirt, which was barely cleaner than the window at this point, she rubbed a spot on the dusty pane so she could see into the garden. Wherever she was, the place was huge. A sprawling garden stretched around the side of the house in both directions and didn't seem to end there. A tall, black hedge boxed it in, and running down the middle of the wide yard was an algae-spotted fountain big enough that at first she thought it might have been a swimming pool. But everything was overgrown and derelict, matching the room and the hallway beyond. If she had ten years to spend in here, she might be able to chip the sealant away. Or she might go out of her mind with boredom. She didn't have nails, anyway; she'd bitten them all down last term, Hermione in hospital, and Snape . . . Turning, she surveyed the room for anything that could help her bust out. She could always punch out the window panes, she supposed - wrap her dress around her elbow, maybe. And get a really nice cut, maybe bleed to death. Her eyes fell on the fireplace. It was boarded up. . . but the nail on the top right corner of the board had been torn loose, and there was a jagged gap in the wood. Her hand fit into it. She curled her palm around the shredded edge, smiling as the edge bit into her skin. Bracing her foot against the brick, she wriggled both her hands into the gap and pulled as hard as she could. "Okay," said Black, in the blackness behind Severus' closed eyes. "I've got all the freaky dark arts shit you asked for." Severus forced his eyes open. Black was standing over him, his mouth twisted like he was about to muck out a hippogriff pen. This . . . was going to be extremely unpleasant. Black was going to have to touch him, and Severus had to let him. ". . . Help me up," he said with extreme distaste. Black leaned down and, with a grimace, grabbed his arm. Severus just managed to control the urge to kick him in the knee, mostly because he was too weak to work his leg properly. Black hauled him upright, then to his feet. Severus lurched forward and slammed his hip into the table when he tried to slide into the chair Black had pulled out. Black hovered, for the sake of his goddaughter prepared to catch Severus if he started to fall. Gripping the edge of the table, Severus managed to collapse properly into the chair. Black tugged the flat, wide silver bowl to the center of the table. He'd dredged up an old candle end and properly melted it a bit in the bowl's center so that it stuck upright. It was just as well he'd done the job properly; Severus didn't have the energy to bitch at him. His lungs felt as if they were being pumped like a bellows every time he took a breath. Black pulled a folded newspaper clipping from his pocket: snipped from the Daily Prophet that had carried the story of Harriet's tieing the Triwizard Championship with Diggory. Severus had read it. He had not kept a copy of it. Black held the tattered clipping over the bowl but did not move to burn it. "How come you had to do that crazy spell to find Wormtail, but this will work for Harriet?" "That spell was . . . to find and bind, idiot," Severus said, leaning his weight on his trembling, folded arms. If he was lucky, he wouldn't face-plant onto the table and smash his own nose. "This is merely . . . to locate. Now set the damn picture on fire." Shrugging, Black used his wand to light the candle stub, and then pressed the tip of the clipping to the flame. It ate up the newspaper, the newsprint turning to ash, Harriet's face flaking apart. Severus wanted to look away, and felt extremely stupid. Pain spiked through his head like a knife into his eye socket. He reached forward and swirled his shaking fingers through the ash. Drawing his fingers upward in a spiral, he raised the ash to dance around the flame. For a moment, the rush of dark magic seared through the prickling agony of the Unbreakable Vow, colder and deeper. For a moment, he breathed ice and fire and felt peace as blinding as a solar flare. And then his vision wavered, like mist seeping across a sky that had been until that moment quite clear, and he saw her, an image of smoke and shadow: prying a board off a brick fireplace, pulling it back enough to squeeze behind it " More ," he thought, or perhaps said, and he was inside the black chimney, watching her press her back against the bricks on one side and her feet against the other and push herself up, soot streaking her pale dress, her hands, her feet, her glasses, her fierce expression of concentration that echoed the searing thrill of dark magic in his blood - And a flint, a certainty, embedded itself in his chest, pointed in the direction of the one he sought. Something rough and prickly was scraping his cheek. He cracked open his eyes. He'd fallen out of his chair and was lying in a heap on the rug under the table. Black was leaning over him, his face grey-green in Grimmauld Place's bilge-water light. "Did it work?" he asked, his fingers digging into Severus' shoulder, almost as if he needed to hold onto something. Severus' head whirled; the light danced on the edges of the room; his skin felt like it burned at every one of his pores. "It worked," he said, his voice gripping his throat like a closed fist. "Help me up. We have . . . a little journey to take."