were full of various information. There were elegant scribbles of ancient runes, potion ingredients lists, and a whole two pages marked 'Things To Debate Granger On'; proper hair control was at the top. He found dates, both new and old, and a whole section of lose pages that were apparently notes from their fourth year defense class on dark curses. There were letters to him from family and friends folded and shoved between pages, the oldest being one from his mother, dated to their first week at Hogwarts. A series of photos were tapped and shoved among the pages. There were pictures of Draco and his friends at various stages of growing up. They all looked happy, smiling into the camera like life was going to be good to them. There were various pictures of trees and a soft grey cat and Harry wondered if Draco had been the one to take them and why. There was at least two poems, written along the edges of the pages and half scribbled out. There were notes and plans for recon missions. Family trees marked for who was an ally, and who wasn't. Lists of Death Eater homes and which ward were over each house. It was pages for a war, and Draco had taken great notes. The most fascinating were the drawings peppered through. The first had been shoved between two pages of old charms homework. It was of a bored looking girl Harry had recognized as a young Parkinson. There were a few other sketches of his friends. There were a lot of recent ones, sketches of Order members going about their life. The first one Harry found that he was in, was one of a younger him, Hermione, and Ron sitting at a table together. He wondered how long Draco had been watching him for him to be able to get every aspect of a teenage Harry just right on the page. That wasn't the only drawing of him. There were four more littered among the pages. One was another of him at Hogwarts, sitting across the Great Hall, a look of distrust in his eyes. The second was him in the Burrows living room, laughing with Ginny. His favorite was one Draco must have done during their nights together because it was a perfect sketch of him sleeping, drool and all. The last one, and the last page to have any marks on it, was a sketch of Harry lying on the couch, trying to read a book. He didn't look long at the page though. Clipped to the top of it, was the paper with the checkered patterned. He pulled it from where it had been clipped to the page and looked at the other side. If anyone ever questioned if fate was a bitch, Harry could confirm it. He closed the journal, shoving it under his arm along with the hoodie and stood. It took his knees a second to stable themselves before he bolted from the room. "Harry, slow down!" Hermione screamed at him after he almost knocked her over. He responded with a quick apology, before shutting and locking the door. His eyes scanned the room, looking for that damn playing card. "Harry, if you need to talk," Hermione spoke through the door. No response was given and she knew well enough to leave him be. He dropped the journal on the bed, before going to his knees and rooting about along the floor. He hadn't thought about the card in the last week. It had been the last thing on his mind but now it was the only thing there. He kicked through a pile of discarded clothes, and pulled everything from under the bed. He found it stuck to the bottom of a muddy pair of shoes. Taking the ripped playing card in his hand, he whipped off the dried mud. He'd held this card so many times, thinking absolutely nothing of it each time. Dropping himself onto the bed, Harry pulled the matching card from Draco's journal. His hands shook as he held them there, the cut down the center matching for both. Harry put them together, watching as the separate half of the cards connected. He held the now solid card in his hand, biting down on his lower lip to keep from screaming. A frustrated chuckle tried to escape his lips as he wrapped his fingers around both ends of the now solid card. With a quick action, he ripped the card back in half. His eyes were closed tight, and he missed the spark that trailed through the air. A heat of magic crossed his fingers before the room grew cold. His fingers went loose over the playing card, the pieces falling to the floor. Harry threw his head back, sighing deeply as the tears began to cloud his vision. He'd held it together for so long, but he couldn't do it anymore. The tears feel hot and heavy down his cheeks. The tightness in his chest grew so thick he was sure his heart was going to stop under the pressure. His finger brushed against the playing card and he no longer felt the heat that it had so often given off. He just, he just needed the moment to get to grieve. Every other moment of the day he had to be Harry Potter, the boy meant to save the world. But right now, he just wanted to be Harry, the boy who'd lost love before he'd even got to enjoy it. -oOo- -oOo- -oOo- A/N: I want to thank you for reading, and encourage you to leave behind a review if you wish to let me know your thoughts. I'm happy to finally have this finished, been working on it for weeks now, and finishing it right before heading to work. I'm not the greatest fan of the ending, but I wanted to write something with a sad ending and I achieved that at least.