smile. "My grandson and I are having a bit of a disagreement, we were hoping you could help us?" "Sure," she said, standing and putting out her cigarette. She walked over to them. "Why the fuck not?" "Excellent!" cried Harry. He put an arm around her and gestured across the street. "My grandson, young lad that he is, insists that there is a building missing between number 11 and 13!" She looked at him as though he were a bit touched. "He's right." Harry hummed. "Well," he leaned closer to her, voice just a playful whisper. "What if I were to tell you that the Headquarters to the Order of the Phoenix is at Number 12 Grimmauld Place?" For a moment, nothing happened. The girl still looked confused, but then – "Bloody fuck!" she swore. "Where the hell did that come from?" Dumbledore tapped her on her shoulder. "Lemon drop?" he offered the girl. She gave him a look of utter disbelief. "You're going to need it," he advised cheerfully. She took the lemon drop. To Harry and Dumbledore's alarm, Professor McGonagall was waiting for them at Headquarters. " Albus," the Scottish witch said furiously when she caught sight of Harry. "Where have you been? I had to find out from Kingsley that you've been prancing about the country, Mister Potter in tow." Harry and Dumbledore both shot the Auror a stark look of betrayal. Shacklebolt remained unfazed, fixing a deeply disappointed look at Harry. He opened his mouth to give what was surely an inspiring lecture on the importance of security and proper precautions, when Dumbledore came to Harry's rescue. Albus cleared his throat. "One of you has to memory charm the blue-haired muggle outside." By their looks, this was not what they expected to hear. "And why is that, Mr Potter?" asked McGonagall, eyes narrowing suspiciously. "Because she knows the secret," Dumbledore said helpfully. "Headmaster…why would you tell a muggle where our Headquarters is?" asked Remus, seeming to speak for the entirely baffled room. Thinking quickly, Harry said mysteriously, "I often find that my musings are so vast…so numerous…that at times, there is no place for logic in my mind." Dumbledore beamed at Harry, radiating approval. "Unbelievable," said McGonagall, the coldness in her voice somehow far more intimidating than the sharp accusations she'd given so far. "How could you be so very irresponsible? And what exactly did you think would happen when all the charms monitoring Privet Drive went off? You could have, at the least, informed the Order members on guard. Nymphadora and Dedalus Diggle have both been in a panic – rightly so, I might add," her lips thinned and her brow furrowed, as if she were making note of her duty to exact further punishment. "I will be having words with them. It astounds me that they missed your arrival and unique method of transportation." "Monitoring charms?" asked Harry, fixated on this point. He glanced at Dumbledore beside him, who suddenly looked very innocent and interested in the ceiling. "Don't you dare," McGonagall said, nostrils flaring. "You have no right to criticize my entering your office after you woke me at three in the bloody morning, only to dash off afterwards with no explanation whatsoever!" "Minerva," interrupted Remus, standing from his place at the table. "I understand your frustration. Really, I do. But shouldn't we take care of the blue-haired muggle first?" Seizing the opportunity, Harry grabbed Dumbledore's shoulder and pointed at the window behind the rest of the Order members. "Look, she's getting away!" he shouted. Perhaps against all instinct, McGonagall, Remus, Kingsley, and Mad-Eye could not help but turn and look across the street. It was a fatal mistake, for immediately Dumbledore cried out, "To Hogwarts!" Harry and Dumbledore vanished in a flash of brilliant scarlet and gold, leaving behind both their responsibilities and the Order's vexed uproar. Harry settled on the Headmaster's chair, kicking his legs up on the ancient desk. "You are a glorious creature," said Harry to Fawkes, utter admiration in his voice. He searched the pockets of Dumbledore's robes, and found a small bag of treats, which Fawkes immediately accepted. Dumbledore took the seat opposite Harry, and nodded in agreement. "Indeed. Did you know, Harry, that I almost named Fawkes 'Deus Ex Machina?'" Harry stared at Dumbledore. "No, sir," he finally managed, impressed at his own ability to fight the speechlessness threatening to take over. "Yes, it was a near thing." Dumbledore leant in, as if imparting a great secret. "'Houdini,' was another contender. However, Fawkes must have decided that both choices seemed a bit heavy-handed. He liked the story of Guy Fawkes best; I inferred as much by the way he kept spontaneously flaming us both to London Parliament – and with such… horribly impeccable timing too." He cast Fawkes a fond look. "In the end, I believe he found the other choices I offered him to be a bit too pretentious." "Humility is, um…a great quality in a bird," Harry said, unsure of what the appropriate response to that was. "Phoenix," he corrected quickly, at the way Fawkes flapped his wings. They sat in companionable silence for a moment, Dumbledore smiling at him widely, before Harry remembered his triumph. "I suppose that settles it then. You're not the secret keeper," he said, giving Dumbledore a haughty smirk. "You're the Chosen One!" But the Headmaster would not yet yield; he had the solemn face of a man who would outlast any storm, a face that promised to be unmovable no matter the will of fate. "I would have preferred not to show you this quite yet," Dumbledore said quietly, "but alas, needs must." He tapped a wand against one of the black shelves in the office, muttering incantations in a language Harry did not recognize, then suddenly Harry could see the pensieve from last year. Dumbledore poured several vials of memories into the basin, and beckoned him over. They descended into the silver pool of whirling mist together.