him nauseous, if that malice lived on in their magic then they must have been a very awful person indeed. Ron finally understood why his dour and angry Potion's Professor switched sides in the war. There was a rumor that Vampires could feel emotions when they matured. "The Fire God burn you with fire!" he could hear Hermione shrieking at the Necromancer as he blinked through the haze of pain. "May his holy blessing tear away your flesh and your bones. Let all the blessed land reject your very spirit and may your blood weep from the stones!" "Wow Hermione," Harry breathed out beside Ron, the healing blue of magic emanating from his palms. "That was a very proper curse. It rhymed and everything." Luckily, Hermione was too incensed to react to Harry's commentary. Her hair was not just emanating lightning, it was practically floating above her head, forming a singular flame – the symbol of the fire god her father worshipped. And who probably favored her too, given the smoke steaming from her skin. "Hermione looks like she could call down the fire god's blessing from the sky," Ron remarked to Harry quietly. Harry hushed him, swatting at his nose gently. "Stop talking, your throat sounds awful. The black magic burned you. But yes she does. And she is actually blessing him." To bless a Necromancer was the worst thing you could ever do to them. Holy Magic was their worst weakness. Unfortunately, very few heroes served truly Light Gods. Not even a Light Mage's best spell could compare to a true Blessing. Fortunately, Hermione was there and began glowing in red fire. Ron knew that it was working because the fire didn't feel hot, or cold or anything at all. If he didn't trust his eyes, he would have thought he was hallucinating. To Tom Riddle-the Necromancer, it was the hottest thing they had ever felt in their life. The rotting corpse he possessed screamed with torn vocal cords. It sounded horrible and he could feel Harry cringing beside him, curling at his neck with a stifled whimper. The possession broke with an ear-splitting rip! and he tried to escape. Professor Dumbledore was having none of it and the temper that had simmered in those gentle blue eyes made it steely as he clapped his hands, catching the writhing black spirit in his hands. "No, Tom," Dumbledore said gently, a sad tone that somehow made everything more real. It was that pity that seemed to break the spirit's struggles. "Scream out but do not harm. What you have taken by force will be returned. What you have torn without right will be restored. For Magic is only borrowed." The words sounded like rules and Harry sat up beside Ron. "That's the spell of Renewal," he whispered. "Only if you've done all you could to redeem them can it ever be casted, otherwise it would never work. He didn't finish it though." Ron canted his head to the side in query, conscious of his abused throat. Professor Dumbledore's hands glowed a gentle white. The light, however gentle, still burned Ron's eyes and he closed them. "What is taken shall be returned," Harry said softly, a chanting cadence lilting his words. "What was torn will be mended. Magic is only borrowed. Flood the rivers you have damned and empty the desserts you have flooded. Reverse what you have broken and let your remorse break all spells you have casted." Hermione, finally back to normal with nor fire or lightning on her person, huffed. "I suppose he stopped there, because I don't think that Necromancer felt any remorse. The Fire God certainly didn't like him." The smile Harry gave her was dry. "You don't say?" he said, pointedly looking at the ashes decorating her face and her hands. They broke out into laughter and Ron hoarded the glittering sapphires of their amusement. The headmaster cleared his throat and raised his eyebrows at them. Somehow, it made everything even more hilarious and Ron finally let out a hoarse chuckle. . Ron's problems weren't over, but a majority of the threat to his hoard was over, so he unwound. His dam took one look at his face when school as over and groaned. "No!" she scolded him firmly. "No sentient hoards!" "I didn't mean to?" he offered. It didn't solve anything at all. His sire in his human form sighed. Ron guiltily thought of the glittering gems in his hoard, all their laughter and friendship in his mind. He didn't regret it one bit. . So, I had this story out for a while, I even posted some parts of it in tumblr, for those of you who find this familiar. I only ever had time to finish it now. The whole time I was writing this, I kept imagining grumpy dragon Ron following around Trouble Magnet Harry. And Hermione, instead of being sensible, just keeps egging him on. So, possible questions: What the hell is Hermione really? She's not actually classified as a pixie. She's actually classified as a Hero with Pixie blood. (Not the other way around. Not, you know, Pixie with Hero blood). So imagine how terrifying this is. Hermione Granger with Harry Potter's curiosity and propensity for breaking rules. Imagine that and shudder with me. Ron Weasley the fire dragon really has problems . Are all Necromancer's evil? Nope. There are good Necromancer's and there are bad Necromancers. The bad ones just get a lot of publicity. The good ones keep themselves quiet. Was this really just the Philosopher's Stone with Fantasy AU? Nope. Well, a bit. Because Light Wizards usually head schools and usually are friends with elves. The problem is...some elves have treasures too and are prone to leaving them everywhere that it causes some problems. Hence, Dumbledore just not even grumbling as he cleans after his flighty elf friend. (Elves are not as regal and elegant as the books say. Elves are forgetful, invincible and immortal.)