which we have given breath." She gave a light, teasing smile. "There. I have him wholly figured out." The truth was, that her meeting with Mr Darcy in that manner had quite disconcerted her- her meetings with Mr Darcy almost always disconcerted her. Emmeline raised her eyebrows but said nothing, looking towards the piano, where the instrument had just been opened. Petunia was playing. Having been born a plainer child by far than her sisters, and not yet having grown out of it, Petunia was devoted to acquiring knowledge and accomplishments, and always eager for a chance for display. Though her vanity had endowed her with very great application, it had likewise ruined her skill, for it gave her a pompous and self satisfied air which would have quite destroyed the performance of a far better musician. Mozart was followed by the request for Scotch and Irish airs from her younger sisters, which she happily acquiesced to, though with every show of disgust that a young girl who says she prefers Mozart might be presumed to give. Propped on a nearby wall, Mr Darcy watched them all with considerable displeasure- they did not appear, however, to notice, and the only impact of this stance was to exclude him from all conversation. He had, however, an ulterior motive- this pillar gave him an unobstructed view of Lily and her dance with Mr Fawley- she moved, if not with a great deal of elegance, then with more vigor than he would have supposed any women capable of. This pillar, too, had the added bonus of being directly in sight of Bingley and the eldest Miss Bennet, so he was quite safe, in that anyone watching him, would presume he was watching his friend. "I can guess the subject of your reverie." came a soft, cultivated voice from his right. Mr Darcy closed his eyes. He had been dreading that voice more and more, these past weeks. Cornelia Bingley was elegant rather than pretty, and had all the niceness of manner that money had been able to buy her. When he had first met her, Mr Darcy had not objected to her company. As he had gotten to know her better, however, he had realised his mistake. She was ambitious, corrupted by the affluent manner of living her father and brother had been able to give her and determined to climb the social ladder. She was also the most paranoid woman of Darcy's acquaintance, and he had no wish to bring her harsh wit down on his own head. Something about the way her voice grated, however, made it difficult to resist. "I should imagine not." "You are thinking of how insupportable this type of event is, and wondering how on earth we should endure many evening spent in this fashion, and I have to say I agree with you completely. I have never in all my life heard such meaningless noise, nor conversed with such inspid yet self important people! If there is a single society on earth more decidedly muggle than this one, I shall eat my own hat. What I should not give to hear your thoughts on them!" "Your conjecture is totally wrong, I assure you. My mind was more agreeably engaged. I have been meditating on the very great pleasure which a pair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow." The reaction was instant, and exactly what Mr Darcy had calculated. A look of bewildered exasperation and undiluted panic flooded her face, and Miss Bingley's eyes darted around the room fast enough to make you nauseous trying to follow them, flitting from face to face.. After teasing him, half jokingly, on the merits of every halfway pretty woman in the room, and congratulating him on how pretty a Mistress of Pemberley Mrs Bennet would make, she landed upon Lily "Ah! I have never in my life been so astonished! Miss Lily Bennet! How long have you been capture by those delightful emerald eyes? And how soon am I to wish you joy? You shall have a wonderful mother in law indeed!" Inspite himself, Mr Darcy winced at the thought. He had heard a great many tales, it was true, of that lady's mother becoming more than a little inebriated and committing outrageous acts- singing bawdy ditties, chasing stray dogs, setting fire to her kitchen- which would make her a most unsuitable connection. Knowing as he did, however, that Miss Bingley meant only to tease him into betraying more than he felt, he wore an expression of perfect indifference. "That is exactly the question which I expected you to ask. A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment." "Mr Darcy, I am sure your beloved Miss Bennet should be quite hurt to hear you backtracking in this manner! If you are quite serious, then I shall consider the matter completely settled. Though you shall have to forgive me if I chose to wait on you both on days where your mother in law is absent." The gentleman chose not to reply to these onslaughts, and whilst his composure convinced her of her safety, her wit flowed long. Author's Note: Also available on ao3. Hagrid's dialogue was this alarming hybrid of Tess and the D'Urbervilles and the black country dialect translator google found me in the first draft- I've tried to put it right, but I'm not sure how successful I've been! I'm not Austen or Rowling. I've tried to retain a sort of flavour of Pride and Prejudice whilst also incorporating some of Rowling's world, but obviously I'm not as talented as either of these incredible authors, and it seemed like blasphemy to think I could rewrite some of Pride and Prejudice, so a lot of it's really heavily quoted! I've been so excited about writing this, and I really hope that you enjoy reading it as much as I loved writing it.