the precision of the strike, Petunia was indeed a Slytherin if she ever saw one, if one that didn't have her skills as honed as she did… But a snake didn't need training for some things and hurting others in one swift and destructive movement was certainly one of those things that didn't need any training. She waited until all of them were back home — Spinner's end home, not the lovely Evans' house in the upper streets. And then, as Rose Evans and Lily and Rus were talking to a flustered but happy Eileen, she stroke true, waiting for Tobias to be near. "Sooo mom, when are you gonna tell the Snape's that Severus dresses as a girl? I mean, he will even go to that freak school as a 'she'!" Shocked and fearful, the black-haired girl still took a few seconds to admire the sheer balls of steel of Petunia, and the cunning in saying it at that moment. But to the surprise of everyone, and probably Tobias included, he only grunted before asking Rus if she needed any new clothes, and if yes, to take it up with her mother since Tobias had managed to get a bit of money back. Ruslana only managed to stammer a bit before Tobias went to the shed in the backyard, leaving behind a fuming Rose Evans who was glaring and promising a furious scolding to Petunia, a shocked Lily and a happy Eileen who just squealed and promptly hugged the stuffing out of Ruslana. (the fact that she only let her go to inquire whether she wanted to change her name was telling) (the tears that Rus felt in her hair upon telling her true name to her mother were even more telling) (nobody said anything about the two Snape women having suspect red eyes after getting out of the last hug) "Uh… Father? You… You haven't said anything since… I thought you'd… well…" The softly spoken words made Tobias look up from his woodcarving, to look at the child he had gotten from the Fey woman he married. He simply shrugged at his… well daughter, now… before tapping the chair next to him in an invitation. She went to it, a bit like a scared cat would, eyes bright and suspicious. He waited for her to be seated and gave himself a bit of time to get his thoughts together. "You know, I always knew there was something strange about your mother. I never imagined that I'd marry a Fair One, and gave her a child, but here you are." The girl looked startled and really, how could he not see earlier what she was? For as much as she had his nose and hair, she had the soulful deep ( unnatural murmured a part of his brain) eyes of her mother. Eyes that were a direct window to her soul as is. Tobias shrugged a bit and went to get the wood shave of his knee before continuing. "I always figured you'd be a bit weird — you turning out to be a girl isn't the most surprising thing really. Changelings are always like that, queer and out of the time, but I…" and then he sighed. "I hope you can manage to grow up as both a human and a Fae. You're my daughter after all." He didn't expect the armful of a sobbing daughter, crying in relief, but he figured it was a step in the right direction. (back to them) (this time, it hadn't been the Underhill folks keeping him from home and family — it had been himself and it wouldn't happen ever again he swore). "I won't say sorry. No need to come and bother me." Rus had expected a lot of things when she tried to talk to Petunia. The defeated and depressed tone of voice, combined with a Petunia burrowed in her covers, wasn't something she expected. "I'm not. I mean, I don't expect you to say sorry. You don't regret what you've done, only the consequences. I know, I'm the same." The book at her head that Petunia just throwed was more in-line with what she expected. "No, you DON'T! You and Lily are always together, and I'm always left to follow behind! And this time-" and there her voice broke. "This time I can't follow my baby sister ." Oh. So that's what it was about. But Petunia wasn't over with her rant. "And it's not fair that you get to be both boy and girl and be pretty at both and handsome and I'm still stuck with a horse-face and awful neck, and stick body and just— It's unfair !" And at the end of it, Petunia just fell down and started crying in earnest. But one of the thing she said stuck in Ruslana's ears. She kneeled next to Petunia and started to hug her. "You know, I'm not both. I'm a girl, I always was. The problem was the world was convinced of the contrary and I tried to fit as a boy as best as I could… but I never was a boy. And you don't feel like a girl either, am I right?" The dresses with more taffetas and laces than a noble lady, the make-up overdone but still applied with care every morning without fail, the heeled shoes and the dance lessons… suddenly it fit with what she just saw of Petunia. She never really understood that the glances she took as jealousy about the friendship between her and Lily was a jealousy at Rus going from boy to girl seamlessly to Petunia. The shy nod she felt in her shoulder only confirmed what she thought. Well then. "You know what? With what happened, I've got tons of boy's clothes to get rid of. They're a bit too big for me, but they're gonna be just right for you. You'd look so great in them 'Nia. Would you like that?" "…yes please, Rus."