sobs that shook her entire body. "Sev…" she sobbed, holding the lapels of his black robes in her fists looking deep into his obsidian eyes, "where were you, we could've been killed!" Severus shushed her and simply replied, "Albus is going to pay for this!" as he wrapped his cloak around her and the baby and they disappeared into the night. The next thing Lilly saw was the mote in front of Hogwarts with nothing but the clothes on her back, a screeching infant and a very badly winded and somewhat bruised husband. Lilly felt her knees wobble and she collapsed becoming violently sick. She was tired, so very tired and Severus raised his wand and shot off a stream of crimson sparks she leaned weakly against the hollow of his leg as the tip of his wand which erupted into the air with a resounding bang; swam in her drowsy vision. He did it a second time, before kneeling and rubbing Lilly's shaking back and shushing his wailing son's tears as he noticed little Harry had a bloody cut on his forehead. Taking out his muggle handkerchief he wiped the blood away from the shrieking child he saw the cut had the horrible, dark shape of a lightning bolt. "Seven Hells…" Severus muttered to the darkness as the huge mahogany doors swung open and Professor McGonagall, deputy headmistress at Hogwarts came sweeping out and heading straight for them. "What happened?" she asked in a shrill voice, taking in the sight of them in their pajamas with two battered babies and a vomiting Lilly on the ground. "Who happened is more like it." Severus said bitterly. "We were attacked Minerva. Vol-I mean you know who attacked little Harry." "Good Heavens!" chirped Minerva, "But how did you escape?" "Minerva not now," Severus replied irritably, "I need to see that bumbling fool who claims to be headmaster here." she smiled thinly, raising an eyebrow. "Yes well," stammered Professor McGonagall, "You will both come with me." then looking down she clicked her tongue pityingly, "Poor dear." she sniffed a single tear glistening her in each of her eyes. Lilly who had not seemed to notice the newcomer, did not smile, she did not say a word she had stopped being sick but was now leaning against Severus' leg her small child clutched in her arms and a little streak of drool going down her chin clearly sound asleep as Severus took a stirring Harry from her arms who whimpered at losing his mother's warmth but settled quickly into his father's shoulder, sleeping within minutes oblivious to the world around him. Safe now within his father's arms the baby seemed to have forgotten the trauma of the evening as his father's heart beat against his ear and his mother snored softly beneath them. "You haven't changed a bit have you Snape?" Professor McGonagall asked pointedly, peering at him knowingly over the bridge of her long-pointed nose. "No." Severus retorted, glad for some light banter in the wake of this disaster, but then a huge yawn took him and he had to cover his mouth. "Sorry it's just been a long night Professor." "Quite right," Professor McGonagall agreed lifting a now sleeping Lilly into her arms with a feather-light charm and carrying her to the Gryffindor dormitories. At the door to the common room however, the fat Lady who had been snoring loudly in her portrait, her head resting on the gilded frame she bolted awake when Professor McGonagall tapped at her with the tip of her wand. She snorted and bolted upright and the bottle of fire whiskey she had been drinking toppled over and smeared across the hem of her dress causing her to utter a rather embarrassed yelp and wring out her dress so the liquid dribbled down into a brown puddle and then evaporated into the magical paint becoming as if it was never there. The Fat Lady hiccoughed, barking "Password." "Owl Feathers." McGonagall stated firmly and the Fat Lady peered down at them. "Oh Mr. Snape! So, GOOD to see you again!" chortled the portrait, "and with a family too, who is this little one?" "Harry," said Severus softly trying not to wake his family and wishing the Fat Lady would shut up and let him into lie Lilly and the baby down. "And Ms. Evans too!" She cried out, then noticing Lilly was asleep looked incredulous and snapped, "so RUDE wake up and say hello would you!" she was so loud that woke, bawling loudly and Lilly groaned weakly in Professor McGonagall's arms and opened her eyes blinking as she sobbed in her old Head-of-house's arms. Professor McGonagall set her on her feet and embraced her gently in a maternal fashion, "Shh Lilly it's all right." She said as she glared at the portrait and snapped, " Owl Feathers!" "Quite right!" Grumped the fat Lady as she muttered about the impertinence of living wizards and their ill manners and swung the door aside. Lilly wept as she held her child and went upstairs to the dormitories where Minerva laid her down and placed the baby in a dresser drawer lined with linens. "Mmm Sev… don't go…" pleaded Lilly but Severus wasn't listening, instead he picked up his son and swept down the hall. The former death-eater usually so calm so quiet and so steady was boiling with a blood-soaked fury that would have made a warlock tremble as he made his way to the headmaster's office and spat the password as he came upon a snoring Dumbledore, an open tin of lemon drops resting on the surface of the mahogany desk. With a resounding crack, he slammed the door so hard that his son wailed in his arms waking the man who blinked, thoroughly dazed he batted his periwinkle eyes and smiled. "Severus," he yawned gently, stretching his arms, "Did you come at this hour just to show me your baby?" he asked meeting his icy glare easily. "You…Lied…to…me…"