shoulder, pulling her closer and closer still. Their mutual embrace, illicit as it was, set her free. She leant closer to the hard planes of his chest, revelling in his groan that was dark and deep and full of raw desire. "Hermione—" he managed, his hand sliding up from her shoulder to delve into her curls, fingers slipping through the strands. He teased the ribbon away, and muttered a release to the charms that kept her hair bound and neat. It spilled over her shoulders, this way and that; his lips curved into a half-smile. He guided her to his shoulder and she stayed there, pressed to him, his two fingers in her mouth, her forehead resting on his coat. "You have me here, little witch," said Severus, voice hardly above a whisper. "Is this how you have thought of me?" She took his slick fingers from her mouth. Without answering, Hermione brought his palm to her lips and kissed it. His breath caught. She placed another kiss to his flesh. He exhaled, head falling back against the glass. The flickering shadows from the gloom of the lake highlighted the faint line of sweat upon his brow; how his mouth was half-open; his tongue that darted out to wet his lips. "I have dreamt of you," Hermione admitted, bringing his palm closer, with a wild heart and trembling body. She breathed in the scent of him; coaxed it to wrap around her, enfolding her in the deep, rich musk of his skin. "I have dreamt of these hands. I have imagined them…" "Where?" he demanded, his free hand leaving her hair and clutching her waist. He thrust hard against her once, twice; she felt a hardness at her belly and moved her hips in a roll against him. Severus hissed and held her firmly so she could not move. " Where ?" Hermione smiled triumphantly. She moved back and saw him fully: undone. "Everywhere. Everywhere. " "Gods," he gasped, and she grabbed his hand and turned to his palm, her lips forming a tiny, delicate circle on his skin. She tasted him with her tongue, powerless to abandon what she craved. "The taste of you…" she murmured, overcome. He gave a delicious groan, then thrust against her once more. She let her teeth sink down gently, biting his palm, and he froze, helpless, before he moaned—a delectable sound, so intimate and full of fire that Hermione gasped with delight—and slid slowly down to the floor, pulling her with him until she sat almost in his lap. He was silent for a long while, before he began to laugh. It was a rich, deep sound, full of disbelief. Until she saw him summon his wand, Hermione thought him upset with her, but his cheeks were red and he pointed it at his trousers with a rueful and surprisingly honest grin. "You are…" he said slowly, "a force to be reckoned with." Hermione gave a tiny gurgle of laughter. "It is the greatest pleasure, and I have dreamt of it, and thought of it, and hoped… I have spent months thinking of you, sir." "Months?" The man was spent. He looked at her through half-lidded eyes. "Since I returned." "Good," he declared quietly, bringing his arms about her. She pushed back, shocked. "Good? What do you mean, 'good'?" "It is a bit late for maidenly behaviour, witch," Severus said firmly. Hermione arched an eyebrow. "I'll have you know that I am the epitome of maidenly, sir. I am the furthest thing from improper." Grinning wickedly, the wizard cupped her cheeks and kissed her roughly. He withdrew, took a breath, and then kissed her once more, his hands gripping her shoulders. "Oh—" Hermione squeaked. "Be quiet," he ordered, and she could taste his smile as he kissed her again. Afterwards he held her face in his hands then took her elbows and helped her to stand. "You will be the death of me," he said eventually, as he drew his wand carefully down her gown, smoothing the silk. Hermione could only smile shyly. In the quiet shadows, she was lost for words. He approached her slowly, hesitantly. "Why were you dressed for travelling?" she asked. "Where were you going?" "Ah." Severus rubbed at the back of his neck. His cheeks were aflame. "I had… miscalculated." "How so?" He gave her cheek a gentle flick with his fingers. "I had… I had hoped to escort you from the grounds." "To my home?" "Indeed," he grunted. "But… the leave taking is not until tomorrow…" Severus scowled and drew her to him. "Must I spell it out? You left me unmanned, witch. I took leave of my senses. I might have been foxed for all of my ineptness. Don't laugh." Her lilting smile could not be hidden so easily. He scoffed and brought her cheek to his chest, ensconcing her in his hold. She closed her eyes, feeling the familiar thrum of pleasure that now throbbed with the promise of fulfilment, if not now, then… Oh, then… "I dressed to escort you. I had thought… mistakenly… that I would have the chance after the ceremony. Despite years of presiding over these insipid balls, these mindless events… I still made myself believe that I would have you on my arm this night; that I would see you home. Present myself to your parents. But I did not think of the ball. It did not enter my mind – not once." "You dressed for me?" she pressed. "For you. Delightful little witch." "For me," Hermione echoed, smiling widely as she rubbed her cheek against his soft black coat. "For you, Hermione." He sighed, and rested his chin on her head of dark curls. : She dreamt of his hands. Gentle and sure. Calloused; warm. Reaching for her, as always. The end. Full prompt by the gorgeous ladyofsd: magical period AU; gloved hands; removing a glove is akin to being undressed, a kiss on the hand to a climax.