envelope between them. "Take the money, Foreman, and right what you can of my mistake. It's all my savings; I'll not succour that leech anymore than I already have." Actually, it's my life's savings and as large a loan as I could take out. I'll be damned if innocents get caught in her web. "I- Margaret and I have spoken of moving South; perhaps Surrey. I've even received an offer of a job with a drill-maker there. Are you sure about this, Snape? Giving me this?" "I am, Foreman. I took out enough money to see my own plans through." Evans hesitated just a moment more before he stuffed the bulging envelope in his own breast pocket. "Thank you, Snape. I owe you more than I can repay for this warning." "Just don't look Eileen in the eye from now on. She'll pluck the thoughts right out from your mind." "The more I hear of her, the more I wonder if we made the right choice in sending Lily away to that world." "I can't answer that for you. I hope she's bright enough to see through them, but given that she's still not seen Severus for what he is or just doesn't care…" Tobias trailed off and shrugged helplessly. "I couldn't see any other course than coming to you." Evans nodded and held his hand out across the table. "If there is ever anything that I can do to repay you, you only need to mention it." "Just keep your family safe." Evans stood up and for a moment Tobias thought that he might say something more, but clearly the foreman thought the better of it and with one last understanding look he left the pub. Tobias allowed his shoulders to slump. It's done. He believed me. Numbly Tobias stood up and made his way over to the bar. The publican looked suspicious when he ordered two bottles of gin with the last of his money, but sold the drink anyway once it became clear that Tobias intended to take them with him. Tobias left the pub carrying his two bottles and made his way down to the river that flowed through Cokeworth. He had been born and raised here and as he walked along the banks he had played on as a child he uncorked one of the bottles of gin. He remembered games of tag with friends. He remembered how they had played soldiers trying to kill the Kaiser as their fathers had spoken of. He remembered his National Service, years later, when it was no longer a game. Tobias had only just missed the final days of the war before he was called up and had never seen combat, so his memories of those eighteen months were fond as well. Tobias found himself at the edge of Cokeworth by the time he had finished the first bottle. It was not a particularly impressive feat of walking and had likely only taken so long due to the drink. Humming a melody from his youth to himself Tobias opened the second bottle. He continued along the bank which had turned grassy as the paved streets of the town proper gave way to country roads that were still little more than dirt tracks and would remain so until the government saw fit to allocate enough money to change that. I rather hope it doesn't change too soon. By the time the second bottle was empty Tobias had no idea of where he was anymore. He tilted the bottle up to the moon and peered into it through the neck to make sure that he wasn't imagining that it was empty. The action caused him to overbalance and fall down. As he lay there he felt more peaceful than he had for a long time. This is good. I did what I could and now I can only hope that God forgives me for my weakness and my sins. The stars in the sky above him seemed to spin and formed into the face of the girl from Leicester; Eileen before he knew what she was, before he had been so harshly torn from his dreams. "Why couldn't you just be that girl?" Tobias slurred up at the stars. The heavens didn't answer him and in all honesty he hadn't expected them to. "I'll just come up there and get my answer, shall I?" he asked instead. He rolled over and began crawling along the bank. His hands questing along the ground found and excavated pebbles and stones which he slipped into the pockets of his overall. Once he was convinced that he was ready, Tobias managed to heave himself to his feet with great difficulty. He stumbled over to the water's edge and swayed there for a moment before taking another determined step. The water didn't seem to be as cold as he would have expected it to be with spring not yet fully in the branches. I have no money. I have no family or friends to miss me if I disappear. I have nothing at all left in this world. Tobias stood far into the river now, the current tugging on his heavy, sodden clothes and the water passing so closely under his nose that he was vaguely aware of the stench of factory waste drifting along with it. He tilted his head back up to the heavens with a smile as a single tear ran down his cheek. I am finally free. With that last thought Tobias Snape stepped forward into the river's embrace and let it welcome him like an old friend. AN: Well, that's my take on it; or at least one of them. I can think of a few directions to take this in, but I'm curious what other people might come up with. Anybody want to take a shot at figuring out a reasonable explanation for the weird discrepancy in the relationships in the Snape family? Until next time: happy reading. LeQuin