be a couple, but I feel confident that we both want this." Her parents didn't look entirely reassured. "Mum, you remember reading some of those letters with me, right? Do you remember what you told me about the person who wrote them?" "That he must really love you." Mrs. Granger sighed. "This is the man who wrote those. Because of those letters I know that I fell in love with the person behind them. I might have been wrong in who I thought the author was, but I don't think that I was wrong in my feelings for the author. It's just going to take some getting used to not seeing Ron's face when I think of those letters, but knowing what happened makes me determined to do that either way." "Alright, dear. I suppose it's your life, but I do hope you know what you're doing." Mrs. Granger said still sounding unsure of the whole thing. Harry stepped up to Hermione's shoulder and held out his hand. "Mr. and Mrs. Granger, I know we've never really gotten to know each other, but I hope that we can at least try. This isn't quite how I wanted to marry your daughter, but I can't deny that I am too happy that it came about at all at this point to be properly upset about that." Harry couldn't seem to stop smiling as he looked at the woman next to him. She's my wife. She's really my wife. And she wants to be. Mr. Granger took Harry's hand and shook it. "Welcome to the family, I guess?" Mrs. Granger also shook his hand and repeated the sentiment. "You'll have to come by for dinner some time." she told him. "I think the only way we're going to understand all this is to simply talk it all out. I will say that if you are the one who was writing Hermione those letters, then I will trust that you at least mean well." "Thank you. I think that Hermione and I will have a lot to talk about as well." Harry said as he took Hermione's hand in his own, revelling in the fact that he could do so without having to hide the tenderness that the simple, little action made him feel. "Hermione, if you want we can use the honeymoon booking as a vacation to get away from things for a while, just the two of us, and try to find out who we are." "Where would we be going?" "Three and a half weeks in central America. You always talked about wanting to see the Aztec and Mayan ruins and learning about their culture, magical and muggle. The last week is on the island where Sirius hid from the aurors the summer after third year. I thought you might want to have some time focus entirely on each other." "It really isn't any wonder Ron was such a fantastic boyfriend with you helping him. I would love to go." "Ahem. Before you do I should give you this." Harry started at hearing the old wizard's voice behind him. I had completely forgotten that that bloke was there. He was holding out a piece of parchment that looked very official with a large wax seal on it. "This is your wedding certificate. Congratulations again Mr. and Mrs. Potter and thank you for one of the most exciting weddings it has ever been my pleasure to officiate. Best of luck to you both." Once a slightly stunned Hermione had taken the document from his hands the old wizard seemed about to turn away when he suddenly clapped his hands. "I almost forgot. In all the excitement you missed the best part. Ahem. Mr. Potter? You may kiss the bride." Harry looked at the beautiful woman next to him and wrapped his arms around her. "May I really, Mrs. Potter?" he whispered with a smile pulling at his lips. "Of course, Mr. Potter." she replied with a similar smile fighting to break out on her face. Harry lowered his lips to Hermione's and did his best to etch this moment, this first kiss with the woman he had dreamt of for so long, into his memory so that he would never forget it. Harry didn't know how long he stood there kissing Hermione, but when they came back to the real world all he saw were Hermione's sparkling eyes. "Hmmm. We're going to have to do that some more as we get to know each other." she nearly purred. Harry felt his heart skip a beat as if it was confused about which extremity to send his blood shooting towards. "About that vacation then?" "When do we leave?" "Tonight. I'll let Robbards know that I have a family emergency and won't be in for a month. Heck, I'll tell him that I have a family. I think he'll understand." Hermione's musical laugh made Harry feel like the whole world had just tilted. Except it feels like it's finally tilted back on to its proper axis. With their arms around each other the two Potters turned to face the applauding crowd that had watched the spectacle that was their marriage. You know, for once it may be a good thing that nothing around me can ever just be normal Harry thought as he walked up the aisle with Hermione Potter on his arm and their life together ahead of him. AN: So, yeah, like I said not my usual subject matter. I have to admit that this has turned out a little angsty for my taste and that I was reminded of all the reasons why magical weddings bug me in these kinds of fics (it's very hard to see where the legal bit stops and the magical bit starts and why there is a magical bit at all aside from the fact that magic exists ). Anyway, it was a fun way to spend the weekend. Until next time: happy reading. LeQuin