concerned Pamona Sprout. "I have never, in all my years at Hogwarts," she said as McGonagall sat down beside her, "heard such lewd things discussed in the corridors. Have you seen the papers this morning?" McGonagall began shovelling porridge into a bowl as Pamona produced a stack of papers and magazines. In the third week of Harry's return to Hogwarts, the public was seemingly so starved for news of the saviour that the Daily Prophet felt it appropriate to publish a nearly three-page article on what he had been spotted eating at Hogwarts, with an exclusive interview with a healer who talked about whether she thought this diet was appropriate for the strong recovery of the boy who lived. So, predictably, news of his sexual exploits had blown up like Weasley Wizarding Wheezes fire popper colliding head on with a particularly vicious firework spell. The papers which lay on the table bore increasingly crude and increasingly bad headlines: WHICH WITCH GOT A FLAVOUR OF THE SAVIOUR? HOGWARTS GHOST GETS AN EYE ON THE BOY WHO WOULDN'T DIE – GETTING DIRTY IN THE BATHROOM Witch's Weekly, popular with many of the young witches of Hogwarts, mercifully stopped at, JUST WHEN WE THOUGHT POTTER COULDN'T GET ANY HOTTER , no doubt only to be eschewed by pupils who would undoubtedly prefer Rita Skeeter's expose: DID POTTER KNOCK A GIRL UP IN THE BATHTUB? RITA SKEETER REVEALS ALL. "What are we to do, Minerva?" said Pamona. "Be stern when needed. Give detentions. It'll calm down soon." McGonagall wasn't sure she even believed herself. Several students were watching her too carefully, as if they were trying to lip-read for any extra details which they could spread around. McGonagall pursed her lips at them. After breakfast, she headed towards the kitchens to finalise the menus. Just as she was about to turn a corner near the back kitchen door, McGonagall overhead two familiar, hushed voices in the next corridor. They were heading towards her. "Mate, I didn't say be stupid about it. You know about Myrtle. Hermione always casts a Mew's enchantment when we –" "Ron, I do not need to know what you and Hermione do." If they could have, McGonagall's eyes would have popped out of her head. The footsteps were close now, and McGonagall did the only thing she could think of and turned onto a cat. She quickly jumped onto the nearest window sill and started cleaning her tail, as if that's what she'd been doing all along. Potter and Weasley walked past. McGonagall was about to relax when one of the footsteps abruptly stopped. "That… that isn't McGonagall is it?" said Potter. McGonagall continued cleaning with as much casual air as she could muster. "Nah mate, McGonagall wouldn't be licking her own arse in the corridor. You're just being paranoid. C'mon." After they were safely gone, McGonagall transformed back with a huff. Licking her own arse! She would have to find a reason to give Weasley detention. McGonagall ended up spending far too much time finalising the menu - stupid Madame Deliote, with her four foot parchment of requests - and she had had to run from commitment to commitment after that. By the time McGonagall got back to her office at 4 o'clock, she was already exhausted. She brewed herself some very strong black tea, and sat down to tediously reply to a pile of letters and queries. Shortly past five, the fireplace lit up bright green, and Malfoy stepped out, looking considerably more pale and harassed. McGonagall wondered what on earth had happened. Mostly, Malfoy's trips home to see his family did him a world of good as they were a well-needed break from the vengeful and hateful watch of his fellow students. At first, the visits outside of Hogwarts were for the Wizengamot trials. The Malfoy family were quickly spared due to the particular efforts of some individuals, including Harry, whose life had been saved by Narcissa Malfoy. Later, Narcissa and Lucius personally came to Hogwarts to ask for occasional evening and weekend visits home for Draco to rebuild their family and life. Many families asked for this, and McGonagall could not refuse. Of all the regular trips throughout the year after the trials, none had Malfoy coming out looking worse than when he went. "Good day, Mr Malfoy?" "Er, yes. Very. Thank you." The words came out like chewed sand, and he was out of the door before McGonagall could say anymore. McGonagall would have probably thought about it more, but the fireplace lit up once again, this time with a firecall. It was Madame Deliote. "Darling, darling darlinnnnnng!" She screeched into the call, French accent colliding head on with an attempt to pronounce British words in the poshest manner possible, "How wonderous it is to see you, as you English say!" "I'm not English," muttered McGonagall. "Yes, yes, yes," said Madame Deliote, flourishing her arms so widely that her sleeves nearly caught fire, "I call to say zat Rosemarie can no longer make it. Terrible case of Jaquette's Fever, and she vould not vant to infect the children…" She carried on talking, but McGonagall no longer bothered listening. Rosemarie was the other main Beauxbatons delegate, and one of McGonagall's closest childhood friends. McGonagall had been desperately looking forward to having her here for a week. "…Anyway, Marcus is coming instead." McGonagall snapped back into the conversation. "Marcus... Giovanni?" she said, feeling the blood start to drain out of her face. "Yes yes, of course. He vill be more than capable of ze spells, non?" "Yes... Very capable..." said McGonagall. "Good! I will be coaching him on vat Rosemarie and I have prepared myself," said Madam Damont, sounding irritatingly pleased with herself, "and we vill see you soon enough!" They said goodbye, and McGonagall slunk deep into her chair. Giovanni. Marcus Giovanni. Merlin, as if McGonagall didn't have enough on her plate. Somewhere in the background, she could have sworn she heard a toilet blowing up.