the base with a lily of the valley. Mum was very fond of floriography, and I knew instantly she understood what I was saying to her. The brooch professed my love and devotion for her and a promise to return all the happiness she has ever given me. It was one of the only times I was happy to have made her cry, I don't think she's taken it off since. Yes, very nice sentimental moment and all, but stupidly I never bothered to close the door all the way in my excitement. And never forget in the House of Black, there is no surface without eyes or ears. Just my luck that grandmother Melania was curious and decided to snoop. Oh, she didn't cause a scene or anything, but I knew I'd been sniffed out when I was called into her parlour the very next day with a worried looking Kreacher wringing his pillow case next to her and grandfather Arcturus' seat. Elves had to follow the hierarchy after all, no secrets can be kept from the head of house. At the time I was bloody worried, and not a little paranoid that they'd somehow figure out I was a time travelling Potter who struck a deal with death. Turns out they were just impressed with me and wanted to help get a jump start on my education - otherwise known as the rational response for this scenario. Don't judge me, the guy who trained Harry in the auror offices was one of Moody's ex-proteges. Anyway, I was given a wand and full access to the Black family library, dark curses and all. Grandma Melania herself crafted my wand for me, turns out she'd made everyone's wands after she'd married into the family. 1334inches, Larchwood with Wampus hair core. A wand for those with high power and control, apparently a very desirable and just as rare wood, that will only respond to those it deems worthy and with rare talents - so basically if you're strong you got it's power and loyalty. It has the added advantage that it's one of the few woods out there that can handle as much power as you can put out. The wampus hair core showed that I have the heart of a warrior and would excel with battle magic, which just so happens to be a specialty of the Black family. Arcturus probably soiled himself in excitement. But I've got to give it to grandmother Melania, the wand fit me better than even Harry's old one. The wand really sped up my training regimen, and I sped through the library looking for the most exciting spells. I'm a Black now - there has to be a certain level of showmanship in my wandwork for it to be deemed acceptable. I picked up a few favourites: a variation on incarcerous that uses chains and shackles instead of rope - called captivatus - harder to break and much more painful. Perfringo the bone shatter curse, amputo the amputation curse, both very useful for taking your opponent out of a fight. Degravo brings down overwhelming pressure on top of an area, and consumo the devouring curse, which basically eats away at anything in the vicinity, both meant to fight off overwhelming numbers. I even managed to learn a couple of Riddle's favourite spells, first was the lightning bolt spell fulmen , and more importantly I found notes on how to achieve magical flight - no brooms required. It's unfinished, but Riddle managed it so I shall as well. I still haven't, but believe me, I will. Now since Arcturus knew what magic I excelled at, he was quick in inserting himself as my dueling partner. He also very quickly found out how outmatched he was becoming and decided to call in the entire family to help out. Unsurprisingly all the older Blacks were very good fighters, and what they lacked in skill they more than made up in ruthlessness - Walburga especially did her damndest to try and turn me into a puddle of oozing flesh. Hey, had to practice my new knowledge somehow. Eventually everyone, children included, got in on the fun. Attempting to kill each other in a duel officially became a Black family bonding exercise. And there was always a tasty meal afterwards. The constant fighting and the auror level physical training I encouraged everyone to go through really bulked us up. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that by the time any of the Black children started Hogwarts, they'd be able to take on low level aurors or death eaters in a straight up fight. Now that I've mentioned Hogwarts, that's where I am right now. It's September 1st 1970 and I've just begun my 5th year here. I'm sat next to the Andi and the rest of my housemates at the Slytherin table. Yeah, Slytherin this time around, decided to listen to the Hat, plus it's the best place for me to be considering what I've got to accomplish but we'll come back to that afterwards. I actually better start paying attention to the sorting before I piss someone off - namely Bella. "Ouch!" I've been pinched, guess Andi got to me first. "Pay attention Ara, It's almost Cissy's turn. Bella's cross enough with you as it is, hurry up and pull your head from between your cheeks before she decides to actually stuff it down there, and I promise I won't be the one fixing that for you." Ah. Seems I've received a scolding because I decided to fill you in on the story so far. Hold on, let me address this. "You shall not speak to me this way Andromeda, I am your head of house. Hold your tongue before I pull it out." There, that'll set her straight. "Oh shove it Ara." There we go, she's back to smiling now. Alright, I actually better take notice now. I'll fill you in on the rest later. "Black, Narcissa!"