causing Scorpius and Al to laugh and Rose to look half-amused, half-annoyed at the interruption. ' Shhh!' hissed Professor McGonagall. 'You'll wake the Muggles!' "Not very good at comforting people is she?" snorted Scorpius. "What are you talking about? McGonagall's the very picture of maternal caring!" exclaimed Fred in mock-outrage causing James to snort loudly as he tried to imagine a maternal McGonagall. ' S-s-sorry,' sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. 'But I c-c-can't stand it – Lily an' James dead – an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles –' ' Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found,' Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the doorstep, "On the doorstep?" Rose exclaimed "It's the first of November! And in the middle of the night, and there was supposed to be rain that night!" took a letter out of his cloak, tucked it inside Harry's blankets and then came back to the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out. "No, not the twinkle!" exclaimed Fred and James, falling out their chairs in exaggerated shock. It was important to them to try and keep everyone's spirit up now that Harry would be living with the Dursleys. Again Scorpius and Rose swapped glances, seeming to agree that they never wanted to see a time where the light left Albus's eyes. ' Well,' said Dumbledore finally, 'that's that. We've no business staying here. We may as well go and join the celebrations.' ' Yeah,' said Hagrid in a very muffled voice. 'I'd best get this bike away. G'night, Professor McGonagall – Professor Dumbledore, sir.' Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself on to the motorbike and kicked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night. ' I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall,' said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her nose in reply. "I am so doing that the next time she asks me a question." exclaimed James gleefully. Rose let out a frustrated breath "We're almost at the end so will you please stop interrupting?" Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner he stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. He clicked it once and twelve balls of light sped back to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. He could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four. ' Good luck, Harry,' he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his cloak he was gone. Albus sighed "he's going to need it." When Rose turned to look at him with a glare he just threw her a cheeky smile and mimed zipping his lips. A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs Dursley's scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley ... He couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices: 'To Harry Potter – the boy who lived!' There was a small stretch of silence as they all digested this before Rose shut the book and moved to put it in the small, beaded bag her mother had given her at the start of the year. At the others questioning glances she explained. "I don't think we should read anymore tonight. Knowing you two, Fred and James, I'm going to bet you haven't packed yet to go home so you need to do that, we're leaving tomorrow morning after all. Besides, I don't think we should read anymore until we've got Teddy with us." The others nodded in understanding before they all got up, James and Fred leaving the classroom before the other three, giving Al a noogie on the way past. When it was just the three of them left Scorpius handed the rest of the books over to Rose for safe keeping. "It's a good thing you're coming to my house for Christmas Scorp." Al turned to grin at his friend, wanting to break the silence in the room before it got awkward. He was glad that his friend had found the books but he didn't want to dwell on the fact that his dad had a murderer out for his blood since he was a baby. Scorpius smiled and slung his arm around Al's shoulders. "Yup, first time Dad's busiest hours and Mum's business trips have been welcomed. Think about it; a whole two weeks of reading books, dodging your brother's pranks, and aggravating Rosie." Rose slapped his arm from the other side of Al "Don't call me Rosie or I'll jinx you." Al laughed quietly "Aww come on Rosie, you love us really." Rose just huffed out a laugh before leading the way out of the classroom, her best friends behind her, chuckling at her expense; all of them looking forward to tomorrow and the next chapter.