his voice was raw and full of emotion. "You just brush me off when I ask, and you don't talk to me. I know that you don't like talking about your feelings, but Draco, I'm your boyfriend. We've been through the media, hell Rita Skeeter fucked our lives over, and you still can't open up to me? We've battled a lot together, we know that we want to continue with this, we're looking at adopting a kid, I just want you to talk to me, that's it." Harry looked flushed from his outburst, but had enough tact to look slightly ashamed but what he had said. "That's what you want?" Draco asked, he knew that at this point he should be looking up at Harry but he was too busy staring at his food. "Draco," Harry's voice was gentle. He reached across the table and lifted Draco's chin up, "Dray, please look at me." Draco convinced himself that it was only because of how pitiful Harry sounded that he looked up to Harry. Harry's eyes were piercing into him, "what are your nightmares about?" Draco was fully prepared to tell him nothing, but Harry had a way with these puppy dog eyes that Draco never failed to fall for. "There's a lot of blood...and...pain - it's the cruciatus curse a thousand times worse. V-voldemort is there. And you are too, but I'm always too late to...save...you. You die in my arms, or by his hand. And all I can do is to watch," Draco whispered. "Draco," Harry sighed back. He lowered his head and moved his hand to cup Draco' cheek. "See, they aren't the same from what you went through," Draco said, looking at the top of Harry's head. "They aren't," Harry agreed. "They're worse. I couldn't imagine watching you...die...every night in my sleep." "Then when I got up I th-thought you had l-left me" he cleared his throat, "and I thought you had left me, because I'm...a Malfoy, and I did god awful things in the past and all your friends hate me, and that you might have finally grown enough sense to see that they're right," Draco struggled to get the words out of his mouth. Harry stayed silent, still looking down at the table. "Draco," he said heavily after a minute of silence. "I love you. I love you despite all of things you were made to do in the war, and more importantly I forgive you for all of it. I don't give a damn that you are a Malfoy, christ I knew what I was getting myself into, an overdramatic family that is obsessed with being rich and famous. Really Draco?" Harry asked looking up at him. "You think I would leave you because of material things that people say about you? My love for you runs much deeper than the actions that make you who you are, you've let me see the real Draco Malfoy, under all of that bravado you are caring, loving, and you look out for those that you love." "I just, how can you be that forgiving?" "You saved my life." "Then you saved mine. More than once." "We were both blinded by what we were told. You were taught that being pureblood is the only thing that matters, and that being in any other house besides Slytherin was bad. Me being in Gryffindor only made it worse, because we were both told that Slytherins and Gryffindors were supposed to be enemies. I was told that blood doesn't matter, and if it did matter to someone then they were these elitist and thought that everything was theirs to take. And I grew up with those kind of people, and I hated them. Then when you were sorted into Slytherin, Ron told me that all Slytherins were bad. We followed the stereotypes and never tried to see past them. That's why we hated each other, because then everything we saw the other person do we would fit it to the ideas we had in our minds already. Yeah, we could have been nicer to each other, but the thing is that this has been happening for centuries, and we are some of the only people to look outside of the stereotypes and try to find that person underneath the shell." Silence reigned between them, Draco was mulling over Harry's words, and Harry was hoping that the words had come out in the right order to make sense. "I wholeheartedly agree," Draco finally said, he cut up some more of his pancake and swirled it around in his syrup before continuing. "But I'm not entirely convinced that you even answered my question." Harry sighed, "I answered your question before you even asked it, I love you. That's how I've forgiven you, it's how I will always forgive you." Draco smiled. That's all he wanted to hear, was that Harry loved him, he could say it a hundred times and Draco would still want to hear him say it again and again. "I love you too." "That's something that waitress over there won't want to hear," Harry said with a possessive smirk. "Huh," Draco's face twisted in confusion. "Look on your napkin," Harry said, he was trying to hold in laughter. Draco looked at his napkin that had been sitting under his cup of coffee the whole time. Sure enough there was a black smudge that had seeped through from the other side of the napkin. Draco picked up his cup and turned the napkin over. He sputtered, there was a phone number, a name and a winky face written in pen. "I'm gay. Were we not obvious?" Draco asked, looking up at Harry who had a crooked smile on his face. "We will be," Harry whispered and caught the collar of Draco's shirt and pulled him to his lips. Draco smiled against the lips of the man he loved and let out a small laugh when he heard the waitress gasp.