the tables out of the way so that people can mingle and other guests can join. I think that's when you'll be needed to keep him from overexerting himself anyway." the Maitre tried to reassure him, but Harry still hesitated. "I give you my word that I'll personally keep an eye on him, but we'll just be making trouble for all three of us if you stay here once the guests start arriving." "I should fire you for that." Mr. Williams huffed, though the smile on the Maitre's face gave Harry the idea that this threat wasn't particularly serious. "He does have a point though, lad. I can think of at least three idiots coming here tonight who feel very strongly that their membership makes them 'the right sort of people'. They'd cause a ruckus just to feel more important." "Sounds like my uncle." Harry muttered. "Fine, but I'd better not come back to find you hobbling around because your pride wouldn't let you sit." "I promise, lad. Now go with Jeremy. I can also promise you that you'll have the more enjoyable dinner." Harry nodded slowly and followed the Maitre out the door. "So, like you heard Mr. Williams say: my name is Jeremy." "Harry." "A pleasure. You'll be eating in the kitchen with the serving staff." Harry could see that there was something else that Jeremy wanted to add by the way the other man was looking at him. He invited the question with a cocked eyebrow. "So how did you meet Mr. Williams? I've never seen him take to someone like he has with you." "I've been doing some work in his garden for him." "He invited his gardener to the club?" "I'm just here to keep an eye on him since he didn't want to be followed around by a nurse." "Harry, he has a whole staff here who could do that. He didn't have to invite you, he wanted to." Harry suddenly felt like an idiot. Of course he wouldn't actually need me if everyone here already works for him. Why did he want me here then? I'll just try to figure it out as I go along. When they reached the kitchen Harry was introduced to the rest of the staff and did his best to remember as many names as he could. He had never really thought about just how many people might be needed to make a night like this run smoothly. He did his best to stay out of the way of the cooks preparing the food since all of them looked distinctly harried as they ran through the kitchen, doing their best to make sure that all the food could get out on time and still be good enough to do justice to the occasion. He listened to the gossip of the servers as they discussed the way the various members treated them. There seemed to be a range from 'pompous and insufferable' to 'kind, if a bit aloof'. Whoever the new member was, he and his family apparently fell firmly into the first category. Harry even heard one waiter snidely wonder if the man even knew the difference between a waiter and a butler. The dinner took hours and Harry was starting to worry about how Mr. Williams was doing, but the Jeremy and a few of the servers were kind enough to reassure him that Mr. Williams was doing well even if one of the waitresses had confided with a wink that she thought he was trying to work out how to spill his soup in the guest of honour's lap and get away with it. When the dessert dishes had been collected, Harry was led to the restaurant only to find it empty of any guests as several members of the serving staff were rushing to get the tables and chairs out of the way. "Don't worry. They're just outside watching some fireworks so we have a chance to do this without anyone seeing the actual work." Jeremy told him with a grin. "Could you make sure to leave one of the chairs? Mr. Williams is going to need somewhere to sit sooner or later." "Not to worry, we're going to bring in one of the lounge chairs once we've got everything out of the way. That'll allow him to look like he's sitting down by choice rather than for medical reasons. That should let him unbend enough to actually follow a doctor's orders." Harry nodded gratefully and turned his attention to the doors that led out to the gardens. He didn't know what to expect from the night but resolved to be ready for anything. Now I just need to wait for Mr. Williams to let me do my job. I can do this. He told me that it was just going to be a boring night. I can have a boring night. I might even enjoy having a boring night. All he could do now was wait for the evening to begin in earnest. AN: I know it's been awhile since my last post, but as I explained to a concerned reader: that's mostly because I'm 'buffering' right now. I have several projects that I'm working on and those of you who've followed my stories know that I don't like posting something I don't have (mostly) completed. I hadn't realised just how long the gap was growing though so I wrote this to tide you over until my next fic. The second half will be up in a few days. The Foxhills Club and Resort is an actual golf club in Surrey. It's family owned and as such the managing director is clearly no relation of a fictional character. I doubt he reads fanfiction, but it seemed polite to mention it. The Queens Arms is also an actual pub that is an actual five miles away from an actual place actually called Virginia Waters; I have never been to either. As always: thanks for reading.