the face of the as-yet-unknown, lest she make a fool of herself. When she reached up automatically to push a stray curl back behind her ear, the boys' free hands beat her to it. "You know, we're not dressed up, either," Fred said conversationally, addressing, she realized after half a beat, her hasty, nigh-forgotten protestations against her own readiness only minutes (perhaps ages) before. "And we love your hair," George added. "It's wild." "Chaotic." "We like chaos." Hermione had to laugh at that – it was such an understatement. Chaos, confusion, and consternation were like air and water to the twins. She didn't know if they could go a day without causing some form of mayhem, or at least planning to do so. The laugh came out high and breathy – nervous – prompting Fred to murmur, behind her, and sounding suddenly very close to her ear, "Relax, Firecracker." "This isn't, like, some sort of test, or something," George assured her. "It's like Sorting – you can't fail ." She could hear the smirk in Fred's voice as surely as she saw it on George's face. "Lee said that," she muttered. "You arseholes told us we'd have to wrestle a troll or we'd go to Hufflepuff." They laughed, almost overwhelming in stereo. She could feel Fred's chest move against her own as his body shook with the tiny exhalations. "Didn't you know…" he said, then trailed off until she looked over her shoulders to meet his eyes. "We're liars," George finished. She whipped around to look at him, his face now only inches from her own, and he leaned in, pressing his lips to hers with unerring accuracy. They were smooth and dry, and if it weren't for their slight movement as he smiled against her, she would have said they were not altogether different from her own. She froze at the suddenness of the touch, and, after perhaps two seconds, he pulled away, grinning broadly, eyes sparkling with mirth. His breath, exhaled so close to her, still, was faintly minty, and she rather suddenly wondered if he had slipped a candy when she wasn't looking. Before she could begin to feel self-conscious again about the state of her own breath (Why hadn't she thought of mints? Or gum ?) Fred leaned around, his free hand guiding her chin to the side and up – had they always been so much taller than she? And stole a simple, chaste kiss of his own – this one more teasing than George's firm approach, brushing lightly – almost tentatively – across her lips, followed by a darting peck at the nearer corner of the lower one. George's mouth traced a tickling, nibbling line up the sharp edge of her jaw, from chin to ear, before, rather to her surprise, engulfing its lobe, his tongue hot and wet and strange but not altogether… bad. Shivering, yes, and throwing her writhing insides into a riot, yes, but not bad. In any case, she had no time to dwell on it as Fred latched his mouth onto hers, no longer tentative or teasing, but authoritative in its movements. She whimpered as she felt herself respond to their ministrations, her own lips moving of their own accord as she pressed herself against the twin at her back. There was a hand playing with her hair, and one cradling her head between itself and the one at her chin. One of hers was resting on the face that was still doing distracting things to her ear (Who knew ears were so sensitive ?) and nibbling at her neck. And the other was held firmly by one whose thumb was stroking across her palm, rhythmically, in a way that ought to have tickled, but didn't – well, it did, but not in a way that meant she wanted it to stop. Everything smelled even more strongly now of that musky, spicy, boyish scent, of soap and cinnamon and… and camphor ? That wasn't right! She sat bolt upright, turning toward the neglected cauldron on the work-bench just as it exploded, thoroughly ruining the moment (and the potion which was intended to turn the recipient into a giant canary for several minutes per drop). Fortunately the boys had been slightly less distracted than Hermione – she had no idea where her wand even was , and if she had known, she probably wouldn't have been able to snap off a shield charm in time. As it was, every organic compound in the lab except for the three students, their hastily-shielded couch and clothing, and the ingredients in their stasis-charmed and warded cabinet, was instantaneously transmuted to piles of obnoxiously yellow feathers in a puff of smoke. As the smoke and the sounds of shattering glass (ink bottles and stirring rods and lab equipment falling to the floor as wooden shelves and tables vanished) died away, the Marauders' Map wafted down and landed in Hermione's lap, with what she felt certain was some sort of situationally directed prop-comedy charm. Its otherwise blank surface read: Mr. Moony suggests that whatever greasy potions-git is attempting to damage our marvelous creation will have to try a bit harder than that . Mr. Wormtail agrees with Mr. Moony, and invites the vandal who has attacked our property to do his worst! Mr. Padfoot extends his condolences, for there is, in fact, nothing any saboteur could do that the Marauders will not already have thought of, so he might as well go boil his head. Mr. Prongs bids said saboteur good day, and advises him to keep it up, and see where it gets him, the prat! Hermione sighed as the boys, already squabbling about which of them had been responsible for taking the cauldron off the fire, hauled her to her feet to help assess the damage and see whether anything could be done to reverse it, all snogging and discussions thereof apparently on hold. It had been nice while it lasted, at least.