naught but Quidditch. "Can't wait to see it." She said only half-genuinely. She didn't really care for Quidditch, or sporting events of any kind, and usually only attended the Cup games at Hogwarts. "Ha! You've never been to an inter-house game and you know it!" Oliver scoffed. "You've noticed?" "How could I not?" He flirted, nudging her with his elbow. Hazel nudged him back and glanced pointedly at the head table, where Professor McGonagall was giving them a sharp look as she waited for the Sorting Hat to finish. Hazel put a finger to her lips and shushed Oliver. She noticed that the shabby-looking man in the Defense against the Dark Arts spot at the head table was also watching her closely, but with a look of wistfulness instead of the look of disapproval she received from her head of house. All told, the sorting was uneventful. Dumbledore's speech introduced the shabby man as Remus Lupin, the new DADA professor, and cautioned against giving the dementors reasons to attack. "Just remember: happiness can be found in the darkest of times, if ones only remembers to turn on the light." He concluded before beginning the feast. Hazel immediately reached for some mashed potatoes and a roasted chicken breast. She poured herself some pumpkin juice from a flagon in front of her, catching the Weasley twins out of the corner of her eye. They were sitting with their brother, Harry Potter, and Hermione Granger about twenty feet down the table. She noticed Fred Weasley occasionally glancing her way, which made a blush rise on her cheeks. She finished her meal quickly, stopped to ask Percy the password, and headed up to the Gryffindor common room. Hazel had always loved the Gryffindor common room, as it was the place at Hogwarts that most reminded her of home. She and her father lived in a small, cozy flat above his shop that they had painted in rich, warm colors and filled with old, lumpy furniture that one had to practically punch into shape before getting comfortable. The Gryffindor common room, with its squashy furniture and roaring fireplace gave Hazel a comfortable, calm feeling whenever she entered it. It was a safe, warm place perfect for curling up with a book. After the excitement of the day and the anxiety that was still gnawing at the edges of her mind, Hazel could think of nowhere else she would rather be. Since most people were still at the feast, she was basically alone in the wide, round room. She bounded up the stairs to her dormitory, grabbed The Princess Bride and, back in the common room, settled into her favorite chair in an alcove and let the words of William Goldman absorb her thoughts. An hour later her fellow Gryffindors started trickling in, but Hazel didn't move. No one would see her unless they were specifically looking for her, which they wouldn't be. Veronica would probably be waylaid in the Hufflepuff common room for a while yet, and none of the other Gryffindor girls would bother her. "Still reading that rubbish?" a voice asked from above her, making her jump out of her skin. She turned and saw Fred Weasley leaning over the high back of the armchair, smirking down at her. She avoided his gaze, a blush forming on her cheeks as she muttered her assent. "You are expertly avoiding my lustful gaze, Hazel, may I ask why?" Fred asked, moving around the chair and sitting in the armchair opposite her. He rested his forearms on his thighs and continued to stare her down. She gave in and raised her eyes to his. "There, happy?" she said sarcastically. "Very." He said, the smirk still playing about his lips as his translucently brown eyes gazed into her blue ones. "Why are you staring at me?" "Just waiting for an apology." He joked. Neither one had broken the stare yet. "An apology?!" Hazel was genuinely shocked. What has she ever done to him? "Yeah, you got mascara all over my favorite Zonko's shirt." He jested. A bemused look settled over her features as she sat back in the chair. She broke the gaze and picked up her book again. "Well send me the dry cleaning bill." She muttered coolly, trying to find her page. Fred reached out and put his hand on her knee. "Hey, I'm just taking the mickey. It's really not a big deal." He patted her knee and she shot him a nasty look. "Not one of us got through that encounter on the train unscathed. Lee ran into the loo after the feast and upchucked his whole dinner. George hasn't regained his peaches and cream coloring yet. You just had a more...immediate reaction is all." Her face softened and she closed the book once more, "Well cheers, Fred, but it was still embarrassing. I mean, I don't think anyone in this whole school has ever seen me cry, much less blubber like a small child." She avoided his eyes again, instead looking down at her book, tracing the embossed title with her thumb as Fred continued to stroke her knee. "Can't say that now, can you?" he smiled and she caught his eyes again, smiling in spite of herself. "No, I guess not." "We're alright, Herrod. We aren't going to tell anyone." "Thanks, Fred." She whispered, putting a hand on top of his. They stayed there a moment longer, Hazel noting how warm Fred's hand felt under hers and Fred noticing how much he liked the weight of her hand on top of his. He cleared his throat and retraced his hand, pushing himself into a standing position. "Much obliged, Hazel." He said, giving her a small salute before shuffling away. "Hey, Fred!" Hazel called, peering over the back of the chair. Fred stopped and looked back at her expectantly, "You never told me your side effects." Hazel watched his eyes darken as he said, "Guess we'll just have to wait and see."