the delectable Hermione Granger. He tried to recall the name of wizards she had been connected to in the past. Perhaps her partner would be a notable Quidditch player, like that Krum fellow, or perhaps a homely little dunderhead like Ronald Weasley? Actually, he couldn't recall seeing her name in connection with anyone since her separation from Weasley a few years years ago. Whoever he was, Severus hoped he realised what a precious gift he had been given. As if on a cue a swarthy young wizard with immaculately coiffured black hair and a neatly trimmed beard approached and handed Granger a glass of punch. Severus immediately decided he was a cretin. "Zhere you are 'Ermione, I 'av been looking for you." "Sorry," she apologised, taking the glass from his hand. "I just saw Mr Snape and wanted to say hello." She turned to introduce them. "Minerva, Mr Snape, this is Gaston Peltier, a contemporary from the French Ministry. We're working on an exchange programme for some of our developers." Severus made sure to note the cretin's limp and sweaty handshake. "It is good to meet you Monsieur Snape, I 'ave 'eard a lot about you, even in France." He hated when strangers said things like that him, it was surely followed by a pitying glance as they silently recalled his history with Lily Potter. He loathed it. "It is lovely to meet you Mr Peltier," interrupted Minerva enthusiastically. "Are you in London for long?" "I am returning to Paris on Monday; it iz a pity I must go so soon, as 'Ermione 'as been such a generous 'ostess." Severus watched as he placed his hand on the small of Granger's back. "Maybe next time I can persuade 'Ermione to come to Paris." "Oh well, we shall have to see." Granger replied, wearing what Severus was sure was a false smile. It appeared he wasn't the only person in the room that considered Gaston Peltier to be a cretin of the highest order. "I have someone I simply must introduce you to Mr Peltier; he has a fascination with all thing Parisian," said Minerva. "Would you mind?" "Lead ze way madam, it would be my pleasure." he replied. "Please excuze me 'Ermione, I must do my duty for Anglo-French relations." As he moved to walk away Severus was sure he saw the idiot wink at her. "What a thoroughly loathsome little man," he muttered, more to himself than to Granger. "That's a little petty," Granger defended, "he's just trying to be friendly." "I think you have known me long enough to know that I am petty; I have always been petty and I am quite likely to continue being petty." Severus felt himself stand a little taller. "Secondly, I dare to suggest that that man is attempting to overstep his boundaries." He prepared himself for her flight back into the room to rejoin her friends, but to his amazement, she laughed. "I should know better than to try and fool you Mr Snape, you are right, he is revolting ," she agreed. "He just won't stop following me around. I thought that by bringing him with me this evening, that he would find a distraction, if you know what I mean?" "Then we can only hope that Minvera's Francophile is verbose and interested in Parisian dunderheads," he commented, noting that her glass was almost empty. "Would you like another glass of punch?" he asked. "That's very kind of you, but I think I'll pass this round if you don't mind. It is rather strong and I think it is going to my head." For a moment he felt the sting of her rebuff, but something about the way she averted her gaze led him to surmise that it wasn't a personal rejection. "I... I should really go and find Felix," He watched as she picked at the corner of her purse. "It was lovely to see you again Mr Snape, I will come and visit you in your office next week about those patents, if you don't mind?" "Not at all, Miss Granger," he replied, admiring the cut of her robes as she walked away. She was surely a divine creature. SS He'd spent most of the rest of the evening trapped in tedious conversation with the Minister and the Hungarian delegation. As it turned out they were quite willing to import up to three Horntails a year, the only condition being that Mr Harry Potter, the saviour of the world, attend the Hungarian Minister's National Security Conference. Much as Severus loathed to admit it, he has a reasonable working relationship with Mr Potter and he was confident that he would be able to obtain his agreement. The Hungarians were particularly excitable about the arrangement, much to Severus' disdain. He had taken the opportunity to step outside for some fresh air, there was only so much polite conversation he could take for one night. The moon was particularly bright and seemed to illuminate the compact garden as he gathered his robes around him and sat on one of the stone benches. It hadn't been a completely disastrous affair, he reflected; he'd achieved the desired outcome for the Minister, he'd managed to speak to his esteemed former colleagues, and he'd managed to hold a conversation with Granger, without making an utter fool of himself. He played with the cuff of his shirt as he replayed their conversation in his mind; he even had the promise of her attending him in his office next week, perhaps that would give him enough to live with for another couple of years. He would carry on with his life and she would carry on with her own; perhaps they might meet in the lift on occasion and share pleasantries, that was sure to be enough for him. Severus knew this had to be the case because there was one certainly which he knew to be true – he would never, ever, get what he desired.