you into insanity, – now!'' She growled whilst she played with her crooked wand. And the man gathered himself together before running down the corridor, and away he went from the She-beast Hermione had grown fond of. ''Begone, that he is!'' A howl of a laugh. ''Such a proxy wanker, don't yer reckon?'' She snickered, mocking the man's speech register and vernacular. They still could hear his frantic running from the distance. Bellatrix was smirking, almost smiling and when she turned to face the girl; she expected to be greeted with a smile. Instead, she was shocked to see a frown in the pretty features of her mudblood. ''What's the matter with you?'' She asked the beautiful girl as she searched in her caramel eyes an answer to her query. The ghost of a smile haunted the Death Eater's face, for in the moment her expression could only convey a tad of worry. The reason was, the word Slut had stung her; it had come too fast, too deadly for the girl to steel her features, anymore. For everything she was giving the woman was out of duty, out of gratitude. And she knew, because her rational part always knew, that it had only been a mean to dissuade the man from asking too many questions. And she did not want to dwell on the reasons as to why a word uttered from the lips of her, if you may, saviour and jailer, had wounded her more than being called a Mudblood had. ''Nothing's the matter… so?'' She said coldly, rubbing her palms on the woman's shoulders, her fingers playing with stray strands of black hair, while her thumbs caressed her pale neck. The woman sighed but did not make to get near the girl, instead, she was studying Hermione's visage in a detailed fashion, which only served to anger the girl. ''Well, won't you take your slut , then?'' Hermione snapped and winced straight away; too much for secrecy. Too much for keeping her feelings to herself. Recognition flashed on Bellatrix's face. Amusement lit her eyes, and she smirked. The woman took the girl's wrists in her hands and held them over Hermione's head. While her nose tickled the girl's neck and her lips roamed the tender skin bellow. ''Oh, goody. So ickle bitty muddy is angry because her big bad owner insulted her in public?'' She murmured emotively against hot, sweet flesh. ''How am I to earn her pardon?'' She nibbled on the girl's lower lip then sojourned to her earlobe and bellow, darkened teeth scratching at a pulsing, blue vein. Almost wanting to taste blood. A gasp came from Hermione's lips, and a thunder broke the eerie calmness; her body shivered and it was not due to the dexterous fingers of the woman who was currently touching her everywhere. She hated the winter, especially when no matter how much she sought out for a smattering of warmth, she found none. ''W-w-well, I- I never claimed a-any sort of emotional right o- on yo- your insults.'' Hermione fought the words out of her mouth, through gasps and whines; making Bellatrix groan. ''But if you want to make it up to me, I would not mind another jumper or two – with this horrid weather, I might as well get hypothermia tonight and die.'' She added when the woman's lips left her abused neck; unable to perform up to standard. In fact, it wasn't a diversion tactic. She pledged for the woman's good senses. That she would not let her freeze to death. The woman just ignored her. ''Keep silent, girl. It was a rhetorical question. And good girls mustn't speak out of turn.'' Bellatrix rolled her eyes, and Hermione bristled at her words, detaching herself completely from the older witch. ''What are you doing? I'm not done with you, yet.'' The woman said as though Hermione were hers. And she was right. As far as the girl knew, in this place and time, she was but a petty possession. She was grateful, truly, that Bellatrix had taken a fancy to her. At first, life had been horrible, being tortured for information, even, for mere pleasure. But being on the woman's good graces got her eating more than some small rations of hard bread and tasteless oatmeal a day; she had more privileges than the rest of the inmates. However, she hated being reminded of her social station; she hated it almost as much as her new home and the woman she had to play house with. Although, she did not harbour feelings of hatred towards Bellatrix, for it was more of pent-up passion mistaken for sweltering distaste. And she knew it. But every single thought in her head died when she felt a pair of humid lips reattaching themselves to her carotid, biting teeth interrupting her pulse, a soothing tongue roaming over the burning and the black-and-blue scratches of pointy canines. ''Bella – '' ''To whom do you belong, mudblood? Tell me!'' ''The system… in fact, I'll have you know -'' ''Granger! I'm not up for playing any games. Let me rephrase it: who owns you, girl ? Tell me!'' ''Well, you already know, don't you!'' she started, but when her gaze found itself under cruel, beady eyes, - she surrendered her will. ''You. For God's sake, I belong to only you… at least in this moment .'' Bellatrix's possessive streak was placated, at least for the moment . X-X-X-X She was the inmate number 271 in Azkaban, where most of the muggle borns were either starved to death or killed. But Hermione Granger was lucky that Bellatrix was sweet on her, otherwise, she'd be long dead. The dark witch was known for her qualities. Or, actually, she was better known for the qualities she lacked: patience and pity were two of them. But obsession? That might as well be her second name. And for one, Hermione was glad the older woman was obsessed with her. The End.