point as the endorphin rush and physicality of it all. "I am not an egotist," he remarked, false-offence belied by his tone. Hermione groaned and shoved him out of her mind, raising her mental shields against him and the rest of the world, clawing her way back toward functionality. "You're the world's biggest narcissist," she informed him. "I thought I was a sociopath." "That too." Great. He'd obviously found the time to rifle through her recent thoughts and memories at the very least. She sighed. It was one of her least favorite things about him, that he was so bloody intrusive – no sense of boundaries or privacy whatsoever, at least when it came to her. Snape had warned her about the dangers of 'making herself vulnerable' around a legilimens of his ability, but she hadn't really realized the full implications of that warning until after she found she had no secrets left from the man whose bed she now shared. "You're right, you know," he said conversationally, apparently no longer tired at all. Hermione was torn between answering and going back to sleep. "I often am. Care to be more specific?" She performed a few basic cleaning charms, then a tempus . There was plenty of time for a nap. There was a hint of amusement in his tone as she squirmed back down in the bed. "I don't love you. I do like you though. You're quite brilliant; I know you know it. And there's something I've been wanting to ask you." "Wassat?" the witch mumbled, intent on taking advantage of her remaining nap-time. "Eva, would you like to take over the world with me?" As the question registered, which did take an embarrassingly long half-second, she sat bolt-upright. "You're not joking." It wasn't a question. "You actually want me , of all people, to take over the world with you?" He nodded. "Ignoring the practicalities of that for the moment –" ("I have a plan," he interjected.) "Aren't you forgetting something?" "What?" "Your… body problem. I know you can't die, but it'd be awfully hard to take over the world with no body." "We'll start with England. The Old Man's managing well enough." "Speaking of…" Tom rolled his eyes. " After we kill him, obviously." "What about Elizabeth? And Severus? And… everybody?" "What about them?" "Well, do you really think they're going to be chuffed with killing one version of you to stop him taking over the world, only to have the other turn around and do the exact same thing ?" The man actually looked somewhat offended at that. "You take that back. It would hardly be the same thing at all." She just raised an eyebrow at him. "You have no idea how much the world has changed in the last fifty years, Eve – nine hells, the last five . You're already planning on voting the Potter seat, aren't you?" Hermione nodded cautiously. "When this thing is over, you're going to be positioned as well as any muggleborn ever has been in the Wizengamot. You'll be able to introduce legislative changes that have far-reaching consequences for every facet of society." "I know that. Draco and I have been working on it for years . Since Sirius started the Third Party." Tom smirked. "Yes, well, I don't think you're thinking quite big enough. Legal reform is all well and good, but for true social change, you'll need to do what Dumbledore did." Hermione froze as her mind raced through his possible implications. " Hogwarts ," she nearly whispered. "You want Hogwarts." The man nodded slowly, his smirk transforming beautifully into a smile that she would be hard-pressed to call false. "You have to admit, I would make an excellent administrator." "You know you wouldn't be able to experiment, or anything. Hogwarts' Headmaster needs to be above reproach." "I wouldn't be able to get caught . Which, let's be frank, I'd never intend to be, anyway." " Why ?" He sighed, propping himself up against the headboard and refusing to meet her eyes. "Don't think I haven't asked myself that a dozen times or more. Several reasons, I suppose. It's the premier clearing-house for young magicals – can you imagine having complete control over what they learn and how? Not just the curriculum, but the culture . Hogwarts is responsible for introducing new muggleborns to the magical world – just think how much we could do if we changed that process! And it's the oldest institution in Magical Britain. Older than the Ministry. Older than the Wizengamot, at least in its current form. It's like a little kingdom all to itself. It doesn't just have a Charter , it has a Treaty defining its relationship to the government. Like the goblins or the centaurs. Within the Castle and the boundaries of its magic, the Headmaster's word is law. Obviously it's within everyone's interests if the Headmaster cooperates with the Ministry and observes their accreditation standards – those Educational Decrees – but it's the principle of the thing. And…" he hesitated. "And?" "It's – this place is the closest I've ever had to a home. It's mine and… I just want it, for reasons beyond the practical." He finally met her eyes again, his face carefully neutral, clearly guarded, this last statement clearly less well-rehearsed than the previous speech. Hermione grinned. "All right. Assuming we figure out a solution to the body problem and you actually do manage to become Headmaster, I'm sure my Ministry will see its way toward a successful working relationship." Tom mirrored her grin. "One thing, though." "Oh?" "Hmmm… the way I see it, you're taking over the world with me , not the other way around." "Oh, is that how it is?" Tom scoffed. "Uh huh." Hermione pulled him down into a quick kiss before snuggling into the blankets again. He laughed, and ruffled her already-messy hair before slipping out of bed. "Semantics." He always did have to have the last word.