don't have a boyfriend anymore? I'm not that girl, Xander." Silence settled over them as she stared off into space, sipping her tea and absent-mindedly thinking about Leo and how she hoped he was miserably lonely in London. "Can I ask you a personal question?" Hadley's eyes locked onto Xander's as he took a breath, preparing himself for the uncomfortable question to follow, "Have you ever been in love?" he queried, genuinely curious as to the answer. Hadley had never been boy-crazy; Leo had been her first real boyfriend. At least, real enough to mention to her family. Hadley sighed. Not because she didn't know the answer, but because she didn't want to admit it. She had never been in love. At least, not real love. She'd entertained a mad crush on Dante Glarus from third year until the beginning of fifth, when he started dating her friend Lila. And despite being with Leo for the better part of ten months, she hadn't even come close to loving him. In truth, she was relieved when he didn't want to come to Xander's wedding. It meant she could stop faking it. Before she could answer her brother, she heard three sharp 'pops' just inside the front door, where the mail would fall in a normal Muggle home. She sighed and pushed back from the table. "More RSVPs for your bloody wedding," she explained, walking into the foyer. "I thought the deadline for those was last week!" Xander's voice sounded from the kitchen as Hadley opened her cousin Eleanor's reply. "Yes, well people are incredibly inconsiderate. Especially when there's an open bar," she said, flipping through the invitations. Eleanor, their dour cousin who lived in the middle of nowhere was coming with a plus one, which made Hadley groan as she sat back down at the table. "Waff ivv it?" Xander asked through a mouthful of one of their mother's vanilla-raspberry scones. "Ellie's got a date to this thing and I've got none." She revealed, throwing the unopened envelopes on the table and going to make coffee. This was a coffee problem, not a tea problem. "What? Surely not! Let me see that!" Xander got up from his seat and reached for the invitation, laughing when he saw the name of Ellie's date. "She's bringing Simon Heatherton? That doesn't seem like something to brag about." "That's not the point! She's got a date and I don't! If our family gets wind of this I will never, never hear the end of it!" Hadley flicked her wand violently and the coffee began brewing, but nearly at the expense of her brother's eye. "Oi! Watch it!" he warned, pushing her wrist away from his face. Hadley put her wand down and braced herself against the counter, dropping her head and sighing. "I am just so sick of not living up to their expectations, Xander." She said, barely above a whisper. She felt like she would be sick. Another disappointment, another let-down for her family to hold over her head. As a Ravenclaw, her parents expected her to have high marks and achieve academic perfection, but that hope was dashed by her discovery that her interest laid in artistic pursuits rather than book learning. Her marks weren't terrible, and she'd gotten seven O.W.L.s, but she could tell that her parents (and indeed, much of her extended family) were dissatisfied. In many ways, she was glad that Xander was home because perhaps some of the pressure would be taken off her shoulders. Her thoughts were interrupted by a 'pop' in the living room. At first she thought it was more letters, but James sauntering into the kitchen quickly proved her wrong. "James old boy, I was wondering when you'd turn up!" Xander exclaimed, pushing off from the counter and extending a hand for James to shake. "Xander, good to see you mate!" James took the outstretched hand and shook it enthusiastically before turning his attention to Hadley. "Hadley, what's wrong?" He put a hand on her shoulder and, instead of a verbal answer, she held up the RSVP. "Smelly Ellie is coming to the wedding with Simon Heatherton? What's so upsetting about that?" James asked thickly. "It's not that she's going with him, it's that she's got a date at all ." Hadley said through gritted teeth, pouring herself some coffee and drinking it black, choking on the bitterness. "And…what's so wrong with that? Other than the children will be ugly as sin." James joked, nudging Hadley with his elbow, a sly smile on his face to try to cheer her up. She knew what he was doing and didn't appreciate it. "It's that she's got a date and our dear Hadley here hasn't one. She feels as though it's an embarrassing situation." Xander explained so his sister didn't have to. "No date to your brother's wedding? Why is that embarrassing?" "Because it just is, alright!? That is, unless…" she looked at James pleadingly but a guilty look crossed his face. "Oh, sorry, Had but you see…I've already invited Lily Evans and…she said yes…" "She said yes? Good for you mate!" she congratulated. She'd spent entire summers listening to James wax poetic about the majestic Lily Evans and his many failed attempts to woo her. Now that he'd gotten a win maybe his obsession would be a bit more subdued. "You know…Sirius might go with you. If you asked him nicely, that is." James said thoughtfully. Hadley scoffed, "Yeah, right. Me and Sirius Black. People would believe that." "Come on, Hadley, just let me run it past him. I know he'd say yes." "Thanks but no thanks, Jamie. I think I'd rather take Rafi." At the mention of his name, the old dog barked and jumped up on her, licking her face and making her laugh. "You never know. He might surprise you." James offered, smiling deviously as he took his leave. See that box down there? Use it to leave a review! Much love, Me