you get to choose where you stay. Most legacies grow up hearing stories about dorm competitions and such, which is mostly just listening to your parents badmouth or stereotype all the other dorms, so most people know where they want to go. "Is it such a big deal?" Fletchley raised and eyebrow. "Well yeah, sort of. You take classes with the people in your dorm, and each dorm has their own sports teams, and there's a lot of mutual dislike between the dorms, that kind of thing." "Is there a difference, which dorm you choose?" Hermione asked. "Well, Hufflepuff is full of kids who are studying to be teachers. Nice, friendly blokes, the lot of them. That's probably where I'm headed." "Hufflepuff. Helga Hufflepuff." Hermione remembered reading about the founders of Hogwarts. Hufflepuff had been the famous tutor of dozens of musical prodigies. Alfie nodded. "Then there's Ravenclaw. All of them are really smart. I mean really smart. They usually end up writing books about music theory or going into some wacky field like auditory engineering, or composing, like you Hermione." Rowena Ravenclaw, the scholar who'd laid the foundation for countless musical theories. "Gryffindors are usually looking to get into contemporary music. Risky business if you ask me. Still, they're a rambunctious lot, and quite nice. a lot of non-legacies end up there." Godric Gryffindor, who spearheaded the impressionist musical revolution in the late 19th century. "And finally, there are the Slytherins. I doubt there's a single Slytherin who wasn't a legacy. Most of them are from extremely famous families, and they're all looking to be the next big thing in classical music. There's lots of pressure on them and it's pretty cutthroat." Salazar Slytherin, one of the world's most renowned composers, and a musical purist in every sense of the word. "There's really no good or bad dorm, but you do have to make a decision." Alfie's eyes darted to the door, which had begun to swung open. "Pretty soon, looks like." "Good morning, first years." The crowded room of chittering, wide-eyed eleven-year-olds went uncommonly quiet as Professor Mcgonagall entered the room, the heavy oak doors shutting behind her with a resounding boom. "Welcome to Hogwarts School of Music. I am Professor Mcgonagall. I teach Music Theory, among other subjects here. There is a great feast prepared for all of you, and I'm sure you are hungry, however first you must choose which dorm you wish to stay in." She gestured to the four banners, each embroidered with a depiction of their respective house mascot. "Most legacies will know where they are headed, however some of you have no idea." "I would advise you to choose the dorm that most closely aligns with your ambitions and passions. Gryffindor are the movers and shakers, if you will-" She was interrupted with a cheer from dispersed members of the crowd. "Yes, I see some dorm pride forming already. Like their namesake, Gryffindors are most commonly interested in contemporary music, and forging their own path. Hufflepuff has produced the some of the world's most esteemed teachers, Ravenclaw is home to lovers of musical knowledge and theory, and Slytherin is the breeding-ground for some of the best performers in the classical music scene." While there were no more cheers, it was becoming obvious who would end up in which dorm. "If you are still unable to make a decision, there are quizzes available to guide you. Please see a prefect for one. They can only recommend a dorm, however, the choice is yours to make. Please follow a prefect to your respective dorms after you have chosen." Hermione watched as the crowd dispersed into four. Alfie bid them goodbye, dragging his luggage behind him as he headed to the Hufflepuff dorm. Without much deliberation, Fletchley left for the Ravenclaw dorm, and Hermione considered following her. Ravenclaw was the most obvious choice, she supposed, but no one had mentioned anything about composition. Theory and knowledge were crucial to composition, but, that was only scratching the surface. Composition could change, move, express, discover. She decided to take a quiz from a nearby Prefect, a tall, freckly boy with hair that could match Ginny's. River or Forest ... choose a pet...how would you like to be remembered in history... How did this have anything to do with music or the dorms? Hermione tallied up the scores. Gryffindor, with Ravenclaw only one point behind. "Ah, Hermione." Professor Mcgonagall gave her a thin-lipped smile as she walked towards her. "Have you decided where you would like to stay? I realize the concept might be quite foreign to you. We really should look into making this process more friendly for non-legacies." "I haven't quite made up my mind. May I ask, Professor, what dorm were you in?" "Me? I was in Gryffindor." Hermione must have looked shocked, because she added, "I know I don't seem like it, but I loved every moment of it. There's such a diverse range of people in Gryffindor every year, and you're bound to grow as a musician." The Professor was called away to take care of business, and Hermione was left to make her decision. At first she started towards the group of Ravenclaws, but she found herself staring long and hard at the lion embroidered on the Gryffindor banner; red-gold, like a jazz composition. With a sigh she joined the loudest, most rambunctious group of first years she had ever seen. Thank you so much for reading! I hope you caught on to my allusion of the Pottermore sorting quiz :) Please leave a review, if you liked it. Please leave a review if you hated it. I'd love you to death if you could tell me everything you didn't like about my writing, because that's how us wannabe writers get better and become real, full-fledged writers. Also, actively looking for a beta, so if anyone would be interested (God bless your kind soul) please let me know! Until next time, LetterBlue