admirable silent impression of death from impalement, that in Lily's opinion, was underappreciated by the surrounding crowd. "Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart! Like my dad!" he shouted. So they were both from wizarding families. Judging by the fact both of the boys were dressed in robes already and seemed quite at home in them, Lily guessed they looked the part of-what was the word Sev had used?- purebloods. Sev caught Lily's eyes and shook his head derisively. It seemed Sev thought they were being a bit ridiculous. Lily quite agreed with him. The first boy, however, did not. "Got a problem with that?" Now the messy hair boy was really reminding Lily of the bullies in her grade school class. They left her well enough alone, but the way they went after some of the other kids, it made Lily's blood boil. "No" said Sev and his face turned to a sneer. Lily had to hand it to him. "If you'd rather be brawny than brainy-" Lily was about to let out a laugh when the lazy voice of the second boy interrupted her. "And where do you hope to go, seeing as your neither?" The compartment roared with laughter. Lily felt her face flush. Bullies, the both of them. She stood up, rather more dramatically than she had intended to, and brushed off her now obvious muggle clothing. She stuck her nose in the air they way Petunia did when she was making a point. "Come on, Severus, let's find another compartment." She heard the two boys oohing and aaahing as she left, as if she had given Sev a big wet kiss on the cheek. One of the boys called Sev "Snivellus" as they exited the compartment. Lily didn't even know what that meant, it was just one of those nonsensical but awful names boys like them could come up with. And it would stick, Lily could tell. Honestly, she thought bullies were bullies were bullies, same as in the Muggle world. A little later on, Severus and Lily had found a privacy by way of a small supplies closet near the back of the train. They were each eating a chocolate frog, which Lily had purchased as they passed a cheery woman pushing a cart full of sweets. She didn't know the names of any of them, but in her experience chocolate could always improve a situation. "So," she said through a mouth full of chocolate, while sitting in pitch-black on an upside down mop bucket "Why do you want to be in Slyth... Slytherin? You never told me." "Well" said Sev, swallowing his chocolate "My mum told me stories about her parents , my grandparents. They were both in Slytherin. My grandfather, he's dead now, but I remember him from when I was much younger. He was very powerful. He used to make up his own spells and everything. He knew every type of magic there was to know, even Dark magic," Sev let the last words hang in darkness and Lily shuddered involuntarily "and how to block it of course" He added as an afterthought. "He wrote a book too called the Complexity of Curses . That's where I've found out about most of his spells" "You've read it?" "Cover to cover. It's the only copy though, the one I've got. He never got it published...he didn't have the money" Sev's voice dropped slightly and Lily knew even in the dark he was avoiding her gaze, as he usually did when their talk turned to anything about money. The Evans were certainly not wealthy by any means, even putting them in middle class seemed complimentary, but compared to Sev's family they were swimming in money. "What about your mum? She went to Hogwarts, right? What house was she in?" Lily had never met Mrs. Snape, but was always a bit curious about her. "Ravenclaw." Sev said blankly "But that's because she didn't realize all that she could do. With magic that is." "Is Ravenclaw bad to be in?" Lily felt her stomach tighten as she realized she would be sorted in just a few hours. "No, none of the houses are bad" said Sev calmly "Slytherin gets a bad reputation, as we saw, but most wizards from there end up really skilled like my grandfather, and even Merlin himself. Hufflepuff I don't know much about but it seems passable. Gryffindor... is fine but you get a lot of idiots like them" Lily saw the dim outline, as Sev thrusted his head toward the front of the train. She laughed. "They really were idiots, weren't they?" She didn't even have to have the lights on to know that Sev was smiling again. In a just an hour, the train had slowed considerably and the bustle in the hallway alerted Severus and Lily that they were close to arrival. Lily made Sev stand outside the closet while she changed into her robes. When she opened the door to bring him back in he was standing at one of the windows between carts peering through the darkness. "We're so close, you can even see the castle, come look." Lily stood on her tip toes and cupped her hands around her eyes to squint through the foggy window. It was dark, well into the evening hours, but sure enough, Lily could see the dim outline of a massive castle, erupting out of the sloping hills of its surrounding. "Oh Sev, its perfect! It really is!"The faint silhouette she could make out through the dirty window was everything Lily had dreamed. It was a fairy tale castle. Everything was real, she felt her stomach swoosh. It was all happening. She was in a world of magic and leaving the Muggle world, filled with loud cars, tacky clothing and Petunia. Everything was behind her. She was entering a fairy tale, and somewhere deep inside her she couldn't shake the feeling that she was at the center of it all.