know what you're doing.' She raised an eyebrow in a silent, 'Is it working?' " Fine! I can give you one opportunity. One . While we're transporting you. That's it. Best I can do." Lily sagged in relief as Sirius levitated her out the door to sit beside the other prisoners. "Everything alright, there, lad?" Moody asked as they passed. "Yessir. Just reading the prisoner her rights." "Good lad. Hand her over to Hensley and then help Drake and Morris finish the sweep." § The tenor of the swap-meet had changed in the six months Lily had been absent, between the winter holiday and graduation. Everyone was warier, less trusting. They drove harder bargains, demanding cash or immediate barter – no favors to be cashed at a later date or products to be delivered. Constantine caught her before she left and murmured a warning in her ear: "Watch yourself, pretty girl – Morgen's getting wary." He pressed a kiss to her lips and disapparated with a roguish grin. § Lily wriggled fruitlessly in her bonds, under the watchful eye of Hensley and some auror whose name she didn't know. In point of fact, she had no idea which of the two was Hensley, but she couldn't really see that it really mattered. There was a rather sharp rock digging into her arse. She was pinned between a stupefied Balin and another wizard she didn't know, unable to effectively scoot away from it, so she simply fidgeted, trying to relieve the pressure by shifting this way and that. She wasn't even thinking of escape, yet, when the rope coiled around her went slack in the area of her hips. She couldn't quite free her hands without unwrapping it entirely (and very obviously), but she could, now, do that when Sirius' 'opportunity' arrived. She wondered if he had done that on purpose. It seemed like the sort of thing he would do. Arse. § The second July meeting of 1978 was cancelled; when Lily arrived at the abandoned pub the group had appropriated for August, she discovered that it was because Morgen and her core of supporters had moved on. A few of the old regulars had elected to carry on without her, but it wasn't the same. Lily herself almost left as soon as she reached the door, and found the oath-page missing – much as she had initially mistrusted the blood-oath and the old werewolf vetting each newcomer, she found she now missed the added security of those measures. The only thing that kept her from going was an issue of outstanding business: she had promised to perform a ritual for a vampire, and she could not bring herself to go back on her word with one of the few contacts in the club who likely had the means to track her down outside of it. Without Morgen's influence, the meeting devolved quickly, and by the end, several of the regulars whom Lily knew to be marked Death Eaters were openly attempting to convince their younger and more impressionable swap-partners to come to a meeting at the Parliament. Lily herself was approached, but she rebuffed the recruiter – a wizard called Travers, who was old enough to be her father – with a glare that left him inexplicably quailed. § The aurors apparated their prisoners out in order of importance and perceived threat. Balin went first, despite being unconscious, for summoning fiendfire. Lily, who had surrendered peacefully, was nearly last. "I'll take her," Sirius volunteered. Moody chuckled. "First arrest is always a big one. You sure you're ready to solo, kid?" "I've got it ," the younger wizard insisted. Lily felt a little bad about setting him up to fail at such an important juncture in his career, but certainly not bad enough to go to Azkaban. "Got her wand?" Sirius patted his left pocket. "This bag's hers, too," he said, picking it up and slinging it over a shoulder. "I'll drop it at curse-check, make sure it's entered into evidence, all by the book." "Alright. March her out, then," Moody nodded. Sirius saluted, only half-mockingly. § Still, even without Morgen's presence, barring the Death Eater recruitment speech at the end, the swap-meet had gone smoothly – enough so that when the late August meeting rolled around, Lily decided to attend again – though she also decided not to make any commitments on commissions. She supposed she had caught the pervasive attitude that one should be ready to disappear from the scene at any moment. Everything seemed to be going well, until a heavy knock fell on the front door of the ostensibly closed-down pub. § As soon as they reached the edge of the anti-disapparition wards – the spot where all the other prisoners had been apparated from – Lily leapt into action, releasing the loose ropes and stripping them off of herself; diving her hand into Sirius' pocket for her wand and grabbing her bag. He tried to stop her, grabbing her shoulder as she pulled it away, but she kicked him in the knee and apparated while he was too distracted to stop her, deliberately splinching his hand so that he couldn't follow. She left the hand in a field in Norfolk for him to track down, stripping her disguise and heading for the Leakey Cauldron and its public floo. She floo'd to Fansif Alley, apparated back to Diagon, floo'd to St. Mungo's and from there apparated back to the Order safehouse where she had been living since graduation, utterly exhausted from so many apparitions in quick succession, heart racing. The other residents of the Safehouse came running, fearing an emergency. "It's fine – I'm fine," she assured them, breathing hard. "Just a bit of a close call." Now she just had to figure out what to tell Sirius Black. Inspired by the line "And now they're outside, ready to bust; it looks like you might be one of us." in the song Heathens by 21 Pilots.