again profusely apologized, Hermione had only brushed it off telling her she might as well get some research done. They had sat in the library hidden by charms and spells cast by Hermione while each worked on their assignments. After an hour they had decided to go hang out in the Room of Requirement where Pansy now found herself being subjected to what she considered awful Muggle music. "Is this them—The Beatles?" Pansy asked, taking the boombox into her lap and trying to figure out from whpere she could find out the name of the artist. She knew where the little flat circle thing went, though. Hermione proved unhelpful as she was " California Dreamin' ," Hermione danced gesturing Pansy to join her. The latter only grimaced in response. "I'm not sure what you're doing but it can not be dancing," Pansy wrinkled her nose in distaste. Hermione only laughed. "Oh Pansy," she said, "The wizarding world is at such a loss—missing out on such great music." "So these are a hit in Muggle UK?" "Not really, an uncle who lives in the States brought it as a present. I had to practically beg my parents to let me bring it to school. Life can be awfully dreadful without music see," she said as the song finished. She reached into her bag and took out another flat circle. "Beatles?" Pansy asked, not because she was keen on the Muggle band but just for the fact that it was the only Muggle band whose name she could remember so far. "No," Hermione said with a conspiratorial smile. "Something better." "Pansy Parkinson, I welcome you to the fold of punk rock music." "This—this is wrock! " Pansy exclaimed. "Weird Sisters? Howling Melons? Don't tell me you haven't heard of Beheaded Puffs?" "No, I haven't," Hermione bristled. Pansy gave her an exasperated look before reaching into her book bag and took out a gramophone and vinyl records. "Pansy!" Hermione frowned, "you're—this was supposed to be my time remember? To introduce you to Muggle music?" "Yes, well, but since we were on the topic I thought why not…" Pansy's voice trailed off as her hands busily worked to set up the gramophone. "And you just happened to carry a gramophone and records in your bag?" Hermione asked, seemingly annoyed. Pansy only gave her an innocent shrug. "Enough of your muggle crap, Granger," She said with a sweet smile, "let's listen to some real music shall we?" "Muggle crap?" Hermione sputtered angrily but her angry rant was drowned by loud rock music. She clapped her hands over her ears in an act of defiance. "I am not listening to this until—," she began loudly but broke off in between for her words were said in vain. The music was too loud to allow words to be spoken at a decent decibel and Pansy had her eyes closed so no amount of miming would help Hermione communicate her displeasure. "YOU'RE TERRIBLE," Hermione finally let out a shout over the music, crossing her arms across her chest. Pansy did not give an indication of having heard her as she continued to sway to the music but there lingered the slightest hint of a smirk if one looked carefully. After her rendezvous with Pansy, Hermione made her way back to her dorms under the disillusionment charm when she bumped into someone. " Homenum revelio ," the person said before Hermione could react. Hermione could only stare in horror as her incantations broke to reveal her form exposed. She tried to look at the offender. "Riddle? Is—is that you?" She asked, when she caught only a glimpse of his form. "Granger?" The silhouette came to view and assumed the shape of Riddle. Hermione had to wonder if he was real. It was so dark in the corridor. "What are you doing outside?" he asked. "Professor McGonagall had asked me to meet her," Hermione lied smoothly. "Were you—did you just come out of the girl's bathroom?" Hermione looked behind him, from where he had come out from. "Meeting a professor at this late hour?" Riddle asked clearly ignoring her question. "Yes, we had matters that needed discussing," Hermione said dismissively, "but what are you doing here?" Hermione asked, scrutinizing him. She knew he was breaking curfew. Perfect Riddle not so perfect after all, she smiled smugly to herself. "You're breaking school rules," she pointed out. The facsimile of perfection plastered on Riddle's face cracked a little to reveal a glare. "Excellent observational skills. Ten points to Gryffindor," Riddle said in a deadpanned voice. "I would appreciate it if you could keep this between us." "Appreciate it? Appreciation never got anyone anywhere, Riddle," Hermione crossed her arms across her chest and resisted the urge to tut. This is your chance, this is what Pansy was talking about. Trade, trade, trade. "What do I get if I keep this secret for you?" Hermione said quickly because she saw a dark shadow fall on Riddle's face. He looked sort of frightening. And threatening. "Would you like me to help you out with your research on time travel, Granger?" he asked coldly. Clearly he loathed the idea of being blackmailed. She hated to admit it but she felt a little nervous. Was it because Riddle was a boy—a man ? Hermione had not expected her sex to make her feel nervous. Rather, she did not expect to feel nervous because of another's sex. There was something frighteningly violent about him. Was it his sex? His gender? Or himself? Hermione did not know if there was a distinction between these of any particular importance. The violence or anticipation of it was warning enough for her to tread cautiously but in a manner that would prove most advantageous to her. "No," Hermione murmured. She cocked her head to the side and regarded him, ignoring his raised eyebrow. What could she take that she wouldn't otherwise get? "Parseltongue. I've always wanted to learn it. Teach me Parseltongue."