providing sanctuary for a Woman In Danger. Good Snape/Bad Snape.) can easily be manipulated into sounding like the sharp swish of parchment being shuffled. Am I mad? Already? l l After that day, I warmed to him. I thought of his laugh – gruff, short, sharp. A bit hysterical. I began to think of him as more than… More… How to explain… He was S, in my thoughts. And then he became Severus. And I started to taste the heaviness of his first name on my tongue. The back of my neck burned when he walked into a room. My body felt ungainly. It feels strange to write this to you, but I could die tomorrow, and my own existence on this tarnished earth is because of desire. Why be shy? l l 24 th of December, 2000 I think of her. I give her information, watch her write it by hand, then whistle for my own owl. My owl goes to another owl, then that owl goes to another, and another, and another… I have deduced that she is writing to Percy Weasley. What he does with the intel, I do not know. I do not want to know. I have come to the decision that I am here on this earth to continue to be on the inside, where I am useful, and to protect… to protect what is mine. Granger is superficially mine. She has been bound to obey me. The thought sickens me, but this is the language of our Most Exalted He. Yesterday, she ran out of clean clothes. She wore her loose black pyjama pants, with a battered button-down of mine. Every time she performed a task, she grumbled and shoved the sleeves up her arms. Her wrists are delicate. Tiny. I find the suspension of belief difficult. I have not previously seen her as this sort of…being. Woman. I am most certainly not blind but I am an angry forty year old man. And yet here I am. Lying in bed. The velvet night carries fear and frost. And I am thinking of her soft hands; her skin; the gentle arch of hand to wrist-bone to arm. l l He has the body of a poet. That is what I think when our bodies stick together in the heat of the room: he is like a starved, pale poet. That is not a Romantic vision. See him: sickly white, hair so black that his sunken eyes look sick underneath the coal. His bony chest is hairy (how?). I have come to enjoy tugging on the hairs there… they are imperfect. Scraggly. The colour of his nipples seems like a mistake in his creation. But with all of this, there are feelings within me that rise up and threaten to overwhelm me. The feelings feel a little like l— l l 3 rd of January, 2001 She has organised something. What? How? Who? I DON'T WANT TO KNOW. I want to know more about the sound she makes when my nails trail along the undersides of her breasts. I want to know more about this odd, strangled little sigh – accompanied by clenching thighs. There are many things left to discover - will I ever? I want to know why her hands tremble most mornings when she pours potions into vials. I want to know when she turned from a brash girl to a hard, sad woman. This happened under my roof, I am sure of it, but I did not… I did not see her, then. Do not misunderstand me. Her fight is mine, and mine is hers. Yes? I was resisting before she was displaying her first signs of magic. So, this is more important. I have a place, and it is beside her, and I carry no doubt. But then… But then, I think of how we first… I heard her in the laboratory. She came up the stairs. I was standing at the top, watching her. Watching the small sway of her hips. Taking in her now-thin hair, pulled back too tight. I thought of moving out of her way. But then she paused. Doe eyes. Bitten lip. Tremulous smile. I kissed her. I put my arms around her. Pressed the tips of my fingers into the curve of her waist. She gave a little sigh, and I considered tree roots spreading from our feet to fix us to the spot, never to leave it. Never to leave it. l l There are two options, if you are reading this, Mum. Other possibilities do not bear thinking about. The first: I was unsuccessful. I tried, and I failed, and I am dead in the ground. Severus is sitting with you in humid Brisbane, drinking your unsweetened tea. Your fingers are curled around my bitter letter. I am sorry. I love you. The second: you are rolling your eyes, laughing at me. Severus and I are sitting with you in humid Brisbane, drinking your unsweetened tea. Your fingers are curled around my bitter letter. I am still sorry. I still love you. You'll know tomorrow. Portkeys are instant. I hope mine works. I hope we win. I hope… I have hope. I look around the walls of our tiny home. I think of our plans. I think of the un-registered wand that Severus procured for me. I see him sitting on the threadbare sofa. He is leaning forward. Elbows on knees. His hands cradle the diary that he writes in each night. This letter shall be tucked firmly within it and spelled to be as safe as he can keep it. He is waiting for the moment that we will leave here, and risk ourselves for our own Greater Good. I am writing this from the rickety kitchen table. I see how he watches me, how his eyes follow the scratch of my quill, how his left arm is trembling. I see all of him. I see nothing but beauty. Finite.