Harry headed towards the loot that the boss had dropped. Low-Grade Recovery Potion (Rare Quality) Status Effect: Recovery Item Description: An item that instantly heals 300 HP. An ancient potion made from the mix of various unknown herbs. The purpose of its creation is to instantly heal the wounds of an individual but it cannot cure illnesses, fatigue, or energy levels. The creation of this potion and its improvements were thought to be a mere myth or fabrication as few of them were ever created or seen and the recipes to create them were believed to have been lost through time. Has a bitter taste. Low-Grade Wiggenweld Potion (Common Quality) Status Effect: Recovery Item Description: A form of healing potion created by an unknown potion master that has the power to awaken a person from a magically induced sleep and, and instantly reduces one's fatigue level by 25%. Though very useful, overuse or abuse of the potion can cause negative effects such as insomnia and restlessness to the drinker for an unknown amount of time. Only two daily doses every three days is recommended. Soul Dart. Lv1. Next Lv 0%/100%. Mana Required to use: 10MP Description: A very ancient and basic magical skill that allows one to manipulate mana into a small projectile that flies through the air and make contact with the desired target. At its lowest level the darts are pretty harmless, and, as a result, its existence is more or less forgotten, but with enough training in the skill it can be something to be proud of. Mastering this skill will also set the foundation and allow for better understanding of other magical abilities. * Currently causes 5-7 Damage per dart * Currently only able to fire one dart per use * Chances of causing stagger 1% Congratulations! You've increased your level by one! Congratulations! You've conquered the dungeon! Foes Defeated and EXP Earned: Ordinary Skeleton : 16 * 45 = 720 Bonecrusher Skeleton: 5 * 65 = 325 Boss : 1 * 650 = 650 Total EXP Earned: 1630 Total Currency Earned: Money: 83 Pounds Unknown Currency: 10 Gold Coins? Status Window Name: Hadrian "Harry" James Potter Job: The Gamer Level: 5 Next Level: 574/2800 Specialization: N/A HP: 250 MP: 375 STR: 10 VIT: 11 DEX: 13.5 INT: 15 WIS: 16 LUK: ? DEF: 0 Special Perks: Gamer: Allows you to live your life like a video game. You still don't know much about it though, but who cares life is good. ?: +1 DEX & 1 INT Per Lv, +25% additional EXP and Effectiveness towards "?", +25% additional EXP and Effectiveness towards "?", +25% additional Reputation gain towards "?" Perks/Buffs: ?: ? ?: ? Flaws/Debuffs: Malnourished: Hampered physical growth rate, -25% towards VIT, DEX, and STR, -25% Tolerance towards Harmful Potions and Poisons, Fatigue rate increased by 25% when performing physical activities (Can be removed with proper diet and exercise) Impaired Vision (Nullified): -50% towards Accuracy, -50% towards DEX, -50% effectiveness towards Critical Hits (Can be removed with proper eye surgery or nullified with corrective lenses) Titles: Freak: -25% Reputation gain with Dursley Family, -25% EXP from Quests given from Dursley Family (Cannot be Removed) ?: +1 to all Stats Per level, +25% additional EXP and Effectiveness towards "?",+25% additional EXP and Effectiveness towards "?", -25% additional EXP and Effectiveness towards "?", -25% additional REP towards "?" Description: Harry Potter's background is shrouded in mystery. Orphaned at a very young age, Harry was left in the care of his aunt and uncle. Though neither his aunt nor uncle care all that much about him and merely tolerate his existence. Often he is seen performing chores around the Dursley homestead such as cleaning and cooking. Due to his upbringing, Harry was forced to mature more quickly than those in his age group and has a bit of trust issue towards adult figures. Currently capable of living his life like a video game but has no idea as to how it came into being. Money: 86 Pounds Stat Points: 4 The fact that he leveled up and conquered his first dungeon on the first go pleased Harry to no end. While he had hoped to find a better weapon to use, the prospect of being able to use a spell, even if it was basic, was just as good his books. The boy was even more excited when he discovered the book allowed him to learn the skill instantly before he felt newfound knowledge enter his mind as the book disappeared into nothingness. All in all, for the first time in a long while, it was a good day to be Harry Potter. Here you go guys, I hope you like the pilot. I want your feedback on it so I know where I can improve as, like I said before, this is my first attempt at a Harry Potter/Gamer fic in general. On another note, I found a very good explanation site for Wisdom and Intelligence that really helped me. Basically, you walk in the woods and you come across an injured person. Your intelligence is high enough that you know of ways on how to help them. Your wisdom, however, is ultimately making you think, "Should I help this person? Or why is this person injured in the first place?" Another way is this, and kudos if you know the reference. " Yeah, sure your scientists had the brains of knowing that they could make them, but they were so preoccupied with whether they could they didn't stop to think if they should !" I'm paraphrasing a bit but you get the idea. In short, INT equals ones' ability of doing something based on the knowledge they have while WIS equals your ability of should you do it, common sense and critical thinking. Even then a person with high WIS or INT can still make mistakes or choose to do the wrong thing. Enough ranting, and enjoy! I need to continue writing my Naruto/Gamer fic.