to the bottom, Eren nodded her head over to the chair that Blake should sit in. Although Eren could tell Blake wasn't happy about it, she went over and sat down in the seat. Standing near the man, Eren pulled out her wand and steadied herself as she was about to say a charm. "Accio chair!" she exclaimed. That's when a small wooden chair appeared and Eren sat down on it, in front of the young man. She knew that Fenrir was nearby, watching the man as well. Eren didn't know how to start the interrogation, considering this was the first person she ever caught trying to kill her. "So, how did you find me?" she finally cleared her throat to ask. The young man scrunched up his face in confusion. Probably wondering how to answer her. "Tell me." she demanded. "I just...did." he finally managed. "You mean to say that you found me by accident?" Eren inquired towards the man. "You could say that." he stuttered. "Does anyone else know of my location?" "So far I don't think anyone has." he replied. "What's your name?" she inquired. "It's Kai. Kai Holmes." he said, blinking a few times. "Why did you come to kill me Kai Holmes?" Eren wondered, pointing at him. "I didn't come here to kill you. I came here to make sure you got to London safely, and then to school." he replied. "School?" Eren heard Blake whisper. "Yes. The headmaster sent me here to make sure Ms. Wolf made it safely to London, and make sure she get's all of her supplies as well." he said. "How am I sure you're not lying to me?" Eren pointed out to him. "Good point, but you would have to trust me." he said, shrugging his shoulders. The sound of a low growl came from nearby, that Eren could clearly see it shook Kai to the core. "Apparently my dog friend doesn't trust you though." "I figured, considering he probably knows what I am." Kai confessed, slightly hanging his head down. "What are you?" "Part werewolf." he whispered, shaking. "How?" Blake suddenly wondered aloud, making Eren almost forget that she was still in the room. "One of my parents was one." "Was that why you deflected my first spell?" Eren said, wondering. "Yes." he confessed. "How'd your parents have you?" Blake inquired quickly. "Well, isn't the usual way by from having sex. Right?" "Right… should've have guessed that." Eren giggled softly. "Back to the point at hand, I'm not going to school." Eren replied. "But… but you're supposed to join me on a flight to London." Kai stuttered. "I'll go to London with you, but I won't go school." "Eren! You're just going to leave me here alone then." Blake exclaimed. "Blake, you should be fine on your own without me." Eren replied, looking over at her and grinned slightly. "It's not fair!" "Blake, I'm not going to the school. So I'll be coming back here." "But still…" Blake said. "Can I say something?" Kai wondered, interrupting. "No!" they both replied. "Okay then." Kai said, looking away. "Does it really bother you that much?" Eren inquired. "Yes, it does. If you did go, you'd make tons of new friends without me." Blake pouted. "You'd still be my best friend though." Eren pointed out to her. "It doesn't matter. All of your new friends will be witches and wizards, while I'm just plain." "Blake…" "Just… no. Forget it, I'm leaving. Forever. Bye Erin." Blake said, leaving where she was standing and headed up the stairs. Until Erin heard the sounds of footsteps running back down the stairs at full speed. "Oh, yeah. Don't worry Erin, I'll keep your secret. So don't do that weird spell to make me forget." She panted and grinned, then ran back upstairs and out the door. Erin heard the door slam closed after that. Erin turned around and faced toward Kai. She didn't like that she just lost her first and only best friend, because of this young man. "Thanks." Erin said, lying. "No problem. So untie me now, and I can make that muggle forget all about you." he said. "Beag an baol. I promised that I wouldn't if I ever left here." "She's a danger to our kind." "Ag fuck ár chineál." "Is that Irish you're speaking?" he wondered. "Yes tú amadán fuilteach." "I have no idea as to what you're saying Erin." "I said 'Yes, you bloody fool.'" Erin said. "Oh…" "Is léir?" "Still no idea…" "Fool." Erin said switching back to English. "I've decided I'm not even going to England now. I'll let you go now." "But…" "Relashio!" she yelled as she pointed her wand at Kai. The ropes that held Kai down were suddenly gone, and Kai stood up stretching. "Thank you." he said honestly. "Whatever. Get out of my sight, before I change my mind." Erin said threateningly. "Okay, okay." he said, running up the steps two at a time. Once Erin heard the door slam closed again, she let out a breath of relief. Well, he wasn't here to kill her. Thank god. She didn't want to kill anyone. Not even someone evil. That's why she left it to Fenrir whenever someone or something happened to find them, and she wouldn't question him. She sat back down in the chair, resting her head against the back of it. Hearing the click clacks of Fenrir's claws against the cement, she knew he was coming over to her for a inspection. The weight of his head on her thigh, she knew he was watching her quietly. Lifting her right hand, she landed it on Fenrir's head. Patting him gently, she felt him lean against her hand as she kept patting. She knew that Fenrir would do anything to keep her safe, even sacrifice his life for her's. But, she didn't want him to do that, ever. "Oh Fenrir, I don't know what to do…" she whispered, as she fell asleep.