something? Bella hadn't arranged for the Dark Lord to do the ritual himself. She had pointed out that if Regulus wanted to impress the rest of the Inner Circle, he should take this plan to one of them and bargain for their assistance. The Dark Lord, of course, knew that the recruitment of a spy within the Order of the Phoenix was Bellatrix's idea, but the other lieutenants didn't, and it would raise Regulus in their esteem if it was known that he had come up with such a clever and ambitious plot all alone. And in all fairness, only the initial idea had been hers: he had done all the work of charming Pettigrew and finding a way to lure him into this trap alone. He had, admittedly, asked Bella to look over his plan, and gave her the occasional progress report, so that she would know he was making progress, but for all intents and purposes, it was his idea. And it was only right that he should be recognized for it. Plus, if he chose the right Lieutenant to approach, this would ensure that they didn't all just see him as an extension of Bella. Of course, his loyalty would always be to her before any of the others, but they didn't need to know that. If, say, Lucius Malfoy thought that he could use Regulus to undermine Bella, then Regulus could foil any potential plans to unseat her and disrupt their family's place within the hierarchy of the Dark Lord's Court. In fact, Lucius would be a perfect candidate. He would help precisely because he was endlessly ambitious. He would probably try to take all the credit for Pettigrew's recruitment with the Dark Lord. The Dark Lord might even let him believe that he had done so successfully. But Regulus and Bella would be laughing behind his back, because she had already told Him everything about their plan. According to Bella, the Dark Lord thought Regulus' work thus-far was delightfully amusing, and very promising – though of course he could not be guaranteed a position among the Death Eaters until it had borne fruit. Plus, Lucius was in charge of recruitment, and that was where Regulus wanted to be assigned. Bella had her fingers in just about everything, but her main focus was on the more militant aspects of the organization: training warriors and assassins, not turning contacts in the Ministry. Bringing Lucius a plan like this would all but guarantee that he would try to win Regulus away from Bella and into service in his sector. Yes… Lucius Malfoy would be perfect. It was a matter of weeks to pull together a plan: Lucius would call in a favor with Thanatos Nott, who would do the ritual itself. He would also arrange access to the hospital at the necessary moment, and arrange for any necessary records to be altered to reflect a 'natural' squibbing out. In exchange, Regulus was sure that he would owe his cousin-in-law a favor or two, but he was almost bound to call them in to ask Regulus to spy on Bellatrix or the like, which would only be a bonus: since Bella was already aware of the situation, he could simply let her know when the time came, and they could decide then how to mislead Lucius or not. Meanwhile, Regulus had to convince Pettigrew to meet with Lucius, to be put in touch with "the contact" (Nott). The latter part would be done under strictest anonymity, with maximum deniability on the account of all parties except Pettigrew. They only needed him to write something incriminating enough that he would believe it could get him into trouble with the authorities. Then they could use that to blackmail him into ever-more-illegal acts, until their hooks were well and truly set, and he had no choice but to spy for them. xXx Dear Peter, I've received a letter from one of my cousins. He's involved in politics – A.D., of course. One of their goals is more nuanced restrictions on rituals like the one that would help your mother – which means he knows some people who might be able to help you, or at least point you in the right direction. I can introduce you while I'm home for the holidays, if you like. Reggie xXx The delay in Peter's response almost certainly meant that he had taken the time to consider whether he was prepared to actually beg a favor of a representative of the Allied Dark, given his association with the Headmaster his Order, and therefore the Light, but Regulus rarely misjudged a mark, and Pettigrew was no exception. xXx Dear Reggie, Would you? I don't know what to say. Thank you . I can't say I'm eager to jump into politics, and especially not Dark politics, but for mother's sake… Well, you know. Thank you, Reg. If this pans out, I'll owe you, big time. Pete xXx Too. Fucking . Perfect. Now all he had to do was arrange the meeting itself; Lucius would lay out the plan and probably squeeze a few favors out of Pettigrew to allay suspicion (not that Pettigrew was cunning enough to have suspicions about this offer that was too good to be true); and then when Pettigrew inevitably realized that he was in over his head and had a crisis of conscience about the whole thing, Regulus would have to soothe his fears and build up his confidence to ensure he attempted to wriggle out of his little problem by himself (only falling in deeper, of course). And after a year and a half of becoming Pettigrew's closest confidant, that would be child's play. Pettigrew would probably still be thanking him, even as he was forced to turn on his childhood friends and betray everything he held dear. Regulus smirked, in the privacy of his dorm room, taking in the ex-Gryffindor's grateful reply. His future was, he congratulated himself, all but assured.