do so, a voice spoke on the other side of the line. "Hello, switchboard. Number please?" Harry didn't know what a switchboard was, but he assumed that this was simply some sort of prison procedure used to screen phone calls. He relayed Hermione's number. The operator on the other end murmured a soft thank you, then there was a soft click and he was connected. "Good afternoon, Herald Carpets here, how may I help you?" said a new voice on the other end of the line. Carpets? "Is a Hermione Granger there?" he asked uncertainly. the person replied that, no, there wasn't and then hung up. Odd. Harry was led back to his cell but just as the officer was rounding a corner, Harry called out after him: "What's the date?" "19th of June!" The officer called back. Harry's mouth floundered for a moment. It had been the 11th of May when Ron and he had duelled in the Great Hall! Maybe the magic backlash (which was incidentally the last thing he remembered) had caused some sort of tunnel in time and he had been transported almost a month into the future? "And the year?" He called again, dreading the worst, but gained no response. The officer was gone. Hopefully he hadn't travelled years into the future — that would be a disaster, indeed! It felt like another hour until anyone passed by his cell again. This time, there was a large commotion of people as they stopped in front of his cell. "You can't just take him! Our officers picked him up!" Said a fat man to his left. A hand behind him settled on his shoulder and he felt a zap of magic. Had the aurors finally come to rescue him? "We the secret service, have the power to relive you of your prisoners, if we see fit to do so," said a calm, controlled rice a little to Harry's left. Secret service, my arse, Harry thought. He could easily sense the powerful cores of the men behind him - especially in such a magic-less environment. "Goodbye," said the man behind Harry. He was then silently led down a number of hallways… and then suddenly he felt a lurching feeling in his navel and he was transported away. . As it turned out, he had been deposited into another cell, this one obviously warded and secured against all kinds of magic. From what he could see, this one looked more like some sort of interrogation room. He was sitting in a chair with both hands secured against either armrest. Sitting across him, on the other side of the table sat a purple-robed man. Unspeakable? "Name?" The man said, voice lacking all emotion. "Er…" Hrry paused — couldn't the man see who he was? The scar and all, it was quite recognisable. That reminded him, however, of his other very recognisable feature: his glasses. "Sorry, but my glasses were taken away from me. I can't see anything." He sighed, they had probably been left behind in the park. The man across him raised a wand and mumbled a spell. All of a sudden magic washed over him and when he blinked his vision had cleared. He could now see that there was a mirror behind the other man and a wall of cell bars on the wall to his left. He didn't recognise this interrogation room (and he had visited all when Kingsley had given him a tour through the auror department when trying to convince Harry to join the corps). Perhaps he was in the Department of Mysteries? They had their own active agents, too, if he remembered correctly. "It'll wear off in a few hours," the man said dispassionately. "Thanks," Harry replied, truly thankful. The man in the seat opposite him was large and had bushy eyebrows. His amber eyes pierced Harry with suspicion. "Name?" He reiterated. "Harry Potter," he stated slowly. The man showed no emotional response at all. Indeed, he simply noted that on his clipboard. "Occupation?" "I'm a teacher," he said, again very slowly. How could this man not know this? Was it simply for archive reasons? "Where am I? Why am I being interrogated?" The man ignored him. "Are you aware of the date?" This time, he leaned forwards with more interest. Harry's eyebrows furrowed. What an odd question. He recalled his brief conversation with the muggle policeman that morning. "Of course, it's the 19th of June." "Correct." The man paused for a moment. "And the year?" Harry chuckled — did this man think he was a complete fool? "Er, it's 2023." This time, the man's eyes widened. He took note of that on his clipboard and then he stood up. He didn't bother to straighten his robes or let Harry's wrists go from their secure place on the armrests, as was protocol when an auror left the interrogation room. Then again, he wasn't an auror. The man ran out onto the hallway and disappeared. Harry didn't have to wait long, because a few moments later a man in his fifties (although with wizards one could never be 100% sure) dropped down into the seat across him. This man was small, frail and thin. He had small mousey face and a thin wiry moustache. He was dressed in a similar purple robe, but his had red lining and a badge on his breast, designating him as Head unspeakable. "My name is Sebastian Griffith. I am the Head of the Department of Mysteries. You are currently in one of our holding cells," he started. His voice was squeaky and high; like a mouse. "This morning we received an alert that magic was fluctuating in St. James' Park: time particles were moving at an abnormal level, creating a sort of tunnel through time. Upon arriving on the scene we tracked you down." Griffith took a deep breath. "Sir, are you aware that you have travelled in time and are currently in the year of 1938?"