as it move under his touch; her heart rate doesn't even rise. A constant beep. Beep. Beep. What would I want if I were him? However it much it hurt, I would want to know; I wanted to know. And I have to do it now, before the Order come; I cannot give him more moments of not knowing. But statistics won't work. His reaction to the doctor's words proved that. He needs something more. He needs certainty. Beep. Beep. "Potter, please listen…" I say, and he looks up, opens his mouth, pausing for a moment to register the please , the betrayal of my weakness. Beep. "I…" I draw my wand, the weapon it is, this sleek piece of wood that does too much. "I can tell you," I say eventually, then stop, slightly shocked that those words came out of my mouth. My magic tenses up; my whole being tenses up. "I can tell you if she will live. I can tell you whether she will live or die." "What do you mean?" Dry words. He puts both hands on the mattress, leaning towards me as if he's an over-exerted boss leaning on a desk. Like he's just in a slightly stressful meeting. I look at Mrs Potter, Ginny. Her eyes closed, so I can't see the brown. They could be green. I do it, before he can argue. I walk slowly over to the bed and rest the tip of my wand on her temple. The magic is warm and buzzing, up to the tips of my mind, and I am transported somewhere else for a short time. It takes a kindness I didn't know I had to leave. To greet the white hospital room again. The husband, the wife. To decode the message. The overwhelming message that… "There is nothing anyone can do," I say. Potter looks at me, as if I'm a liar. As if I'm a traitor. As if I'm the Dark Lord. "Nothing, Potter." Potter draws his hands to his mouth, breathing into them like they're a paper bag. You are teetering on the edge, Potter, of the fall I know all too well. Potter just looks at me as if I'm mad. "She will not wake up," I say. Potter runs his hand through his hair. Looks at Ginny, looks at me, looks at Ginny. Looks at Ginny. ( I am no longer in the room for him. This is an intrusion of the highest degree.) Potter moves to her. "No," Potter says to no one but himself and her. "Gin?" He cups her face, actually peels open her eyelids, sees the unresponsive flashes of brown. Then he rests his forehead against hers, as he squeezes his eyes shut. Soon, he gives up completely and melts into her, fingering the embers of her hair, quietly burying himself in it. (I am too awkward to stare at anything but the clock: it is ten minutes, twenty two seconds before he moves again.) And kisses her softly on the lips. He whispers something in her ear, so softly that I can't hear it, even in this silence. Then his gaze greets mine, glassy. "She needs to go now." (I carefully unhook each wire and tube, each mechanical help to that emotional, beating body. I do not think to use my wand.) Her last breath is slow. Her hand might have twitched in his direction. But then Ginny Potter moves no more. (I leave the room and lean against the wall. My mouth tastes like ash.) The sobs begin. Heavy, ugly. (I apparate before the Order can arrive.) The body is at the Burrow, under the gnome-infested garden, surrounded by brothers. (There is no better place.) I pick at news like a scavenger: Shacklebolt says he is coping, Molly says they're all as good as they can be. "No, he's bad," says Hermione. Men have survived worse, I intend to say. I've watched hearts been physically ripped out of bent ribs... Then, is this any different? I had drowned, but "Potter has people to pull him to the surface, doesn't he?" I ask. "Well you might help him, Severus," says Hermione and I act like I hadn't set her up to say that. If you leave me, Potter, I will crumble. You've re-opened wounds. Don't let them bleed. We begin meeting for drinks, the habit of it unmentioned. He looks even scruffier than usual. I look tidier, to balance it. "Why her?" Potter asks, offhandedly like he hasn't thought about the question countless times. Potter eyes his drink, as if that might offer a philosophical answer. I fill in for the fire whiskey. "Why not?" "You're young enough to find someone," I say. "I'm sure I will disapprove of her." Potter looks at me - not a rarity, but it's odd to feel like he's actually recognizing me. The shadows under his eyes drag like weights. "I don't want to find anyone," he says. By Merlin, I understand that. Once or twice, he speaks about it with no prompt. "It was for a present, you know. Arthur's birthday," Potter's gaze meets mine as if daring me to deny it. "A car ride. She wanted to test it before she gave him the gift." We are becoming more silent. I don't think I'm good for him. I don't think he's good for me. This hurts; I don't want to feel it, yet don't want the pain to end. At the end of the trial, I am still in shock and Potter actually does it: stands up and says "junky winky wonky whump". There was tumultuous, if uncertain applause. I have won. We have won. And I am a free man now, determined he will be too. "I feel sick mentioning this," I say to him as we leave. "But to echo a patronising Gryffindor, I am reminded that life... goes on." I work to make sure their flames don't die, even if they themselves are gone.