off of all the beds, I opened all the drawers, I crawled over every inch of carpet in search of a drop. I was near the door when it opened. I jumped on the human, and sank my fangs into its neck. That was when I discovered the properties of vampire fangs, they were solid before, but they hollowed now, and I drank like drinking from two straws, directly into my veins. Before I had time to fully appreciate the logic of that, because it really doesn't make sense, to swallow blood down your throat, where it would just end up in your stomach, when it needs to replenish your veins, I was forcefully detached by a strong punch to the gut. I tumbled to the floor, my vision returned to normal, and I saw Professor Snape staring down at me in disgust. Oh. He had come to get me, like usual, to take me to the breakfast table so that I could have some semblance of a normal life. I scrambled to my feet, "I'm sorry-" "Don't bother." He snarled and left. I was absolutely miserable for the rest of the day. I spent the entire morning cleaning up the room which had taken me such a short time to make a complete mess. I was too ashamed to try to find him and apologize again or to try and confide in any of the other professors, including Dumbledore. If I could have wept, I would have, but I found that I couldn't even do that. The day after that Dumbledore himself came and told me that as the students were coming back soon for second term, they had decided that I should move back to the infirmary with my belongings so that the students of my year wouldn't find out, or at least that they wouldn't find out as soon. The next couple of months were not the happiest of my life. I wasn't allowed to leave the infirmary, and whenever there was another student there, the curtains around my bed were always kept shut and I had to hide under the covers for good measure if the student was brave enough to risk the wrath of Madam Pomfrey to see who was in the bed behind the curtains. She became my only link to the outside world, and she brought me lots and lots of books. I don't know where she got it, but she also provided me with blood every seven days. Professor Snape came and visited me briefly after two months. I had been dreading this moment, since I couldn't cry to convey my sincerity I had decided to abandon all pride and kneel and beg his forgiveness. I really didn't want him to be my enemy or to hate me. As soon as I saw him I got out of bed but before I could kneel, before I could even speak, he said, "You are forgiven. When I had more time to think and cool down, I considered what little I had seen of the state of the room. You must have been half mad with thirst. Besides, I am unharmed, no permanent damage done." "Oh, I am so glad. I was so worried." I hastily said. "I have also come to inform you that the adoption process is going very well, due to the unusual circumstance of the school adopting you though, it will probably be several more months before everything is finalized." "That's good." I said, relieved. I didn't want the process to fail, I didn't know if Dumbledore would be forced to offer me up for adoption to any Slytherin families because that would be very bad. A few months later Dumbledore came and announced "The adoption process is complete! Also, the term is ending soon. Most of the professors leave over the summer break but one or two always stay. I believe that this time around it will be Professors Flitwick and McGonagall. Oh, and Madam Pomfrey will stay just for you, though she normally goes home. You will no longer have to hide in here and you will be starting school next term as a first year." I nodded and grinned. I had gotten thoroughly bored of reading in this room. Occasionally I practiced simple spells with my wand. I had asked Madam Pomfrey to tell me a simple spell on the grounds that I wanted to make certain my wand still worked for me and she had taught me Wingardium Leviosa . I was very relieved to find out that yes, my wand worked, and that yes, I could do magic. Though it did bother me a little that I didn't know what my wand was made of. Summer passed by quicker than I expected it to. I talked with McGonagall a lot about what it was like for her to be a student at Hogwarts. I played dozens of games of wizard's chess with Flitwick, though I nearly always lost and the times that I won I couldn't help but suspect he was just being nice. I also learned that Madam Pomfrey wasn't always severe and that she enjoyed a good game of wizard's chess too and I won against her more often than I did against Flitwick. I repeatedly expressed my gratitude at everything she was doing for me. I was nearly bursting with excitement by the time the night of the sorting came. The professors had come back a week or so before. Poor Quirrell nearly fainted when he met me and immediately asked Headmaster Dumbledore if I could be excluded from his class but Dumbledore put his foot down and said there would be no nonsense of that sort, that I was perfectly civilized. It was decided that I would stand with McGonagall at the top of the stairs and await the new first years. I nearly jumped up and down with delight when I saw that among them was the Boy who Lived.