He smiled at Sirius and quickly looked down at the menu, trying to hide his blush. Remus hadn't even been around his old friend for over an hour and he already couldn't control himself. Keep it in , Remus thought, hitting his head with the menu a few times for good measure. He stopped before it would bruise. Flicking his hair out of his eyes, Remus looked at Sirius from across the table, trying to keep the frustration out of his voice. "Know what you want?" "Haven't had a full on English luncheon in years—not since Hogwarts at least. What about you? Any favorites?" "I usually order the 'Ploughman's Platter' when I come here with Wormtail and Prongs, but that serves two people so I generally share it with them. Today, I'm not sure what I'm going to order. Haven't had the 'Cottage Pie' since I came to work here four years ago... You might like the 'Toad in the Hole', if you're asking me to help you order." Remus grinned at him and pointed to the item's he had listed. "See? There are a ton of options. I actually think I may get the 'Specialty Chicken Sandwich'. And a Butterbeer of course. You?" "You've read me well enough Detective Moony. 'Toad in the Hole' it is." The waitress took their orders and Remus fidgeted with the wand in his pocket. "Enough idle chit chat though," Padfoot grinned. "Tell me everything." He laced his fingers together and rested his chin on top, a smile still playing at his features. His eyes were an enticing grey and Remus had to look away to keep from blushing. "E-Everything?" He spluttered, thankful when their drinks arrived. He quickly picked up his mug and hid behind it. Taking a slow sip, Remus sighed internally at the warm butterscotch flavor. "What d-do you mean?" He put the Butterbeer down on the table, watching, transfixed, as the whipped cream on top slowly became flat. "Everything. What have you been up to since graduating Hogwarts? Internships, jobs, careers, aspirations...friends and relationships? The general stuff." Sirius looked thoughtful. Remus looked down at the wooden table and traced the wooden lines with his finger. "Well... After Hogwarts I went searching for a job but it's required by law to put in the application that you're a Werewolf, so it took almost a year to finally get a couple odd jobs here and there. I worked here for a couple months until a customer complained about me being a Werewolf to Tom who thought it best to fire me. Sadly, I think his decision was for the best. After a couple of months living off of James, I got an apprenticeship with Ollivander and have been there since." "Moony!" Sirius exclaimed. He got up and quickly sat down next to Remus in the booth, his arm around him, gently rubbing his fingers on Remus' shoulder to try to console him. Padfoot grabbed his hand and gently rubbed his thumb over Remus' knuckles. "Oh God...I'm so sorry. I didn't know…" He smiled slightly at Sirius, "I've never said any of that stuff out loud before and it was kind of a relief to get it off my chest..." "Anything for you, Moony." Remus' heart fluttered at his comment and at that moment, he wanted nothing more than to kiss him. Unfortunately, the food arrived just then. "Thanks," he said to the waitress with a smile. He turned to Sirius, "And if you ever need to say something, anything at all, you can tell me. This is a no judgement zone..." Remus picked up half of his sandwich and took a modest bite. After swallowing finally, he looked up at Sirius, who had moved back to his side of the booth once the food came, and a blush flared up in his cheeks. "Did you find your brother?" "No, but I found a note." Sirius frowned slightly and dug around in his pocket for a moment before pulling out a folded piece of paper. He handed it to Remus and it read: To the Dark Lord - I know I will be dead long before you read this, but I want you to know that it was I who discovered your secret. I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I can. I face death in the hope that when you meet your match, you will be mortal once more. - R.A.B. "It doesn't sound good, Moony." "Wow," Remus murmured. "He's helping us! Pads, this is great news! But, what's a Horcrux?" "I'm not sure... I almost wished he'd stayed loyal to Voldemort because then he wouldn't be in danger." Remus cleared his throat uncomfortably and forced a small smile onto his face, refusing to show Sirius he was weak. He picked at the sandwich he ordered, suddenly not very hungry. "I'll just take this to go..." He heard a quiet sniffle and quickly looked up to see Sirius trying not to cry. Remus reached across the table and grabbed his hand, lacing their fingers together. He wasn't angry with Sirius, and he wasn't sure he ever could be. "It's alright, Padfoot. You don't need to hide your feelings around me. I can handle it... I've dealt with worse." He noticed the both of them had stopped eating and rubbed circles around his knuckles. Once Sirius had calmed down, Remus grew nervous. "I, erm... I was wondering... I mean, if you're not busy, that is...? Well, I was thinking maybe you and I could... Oh, bloody hell I... I don't really know how to do this, erm... Maybe we could...?" "Yeah," Sirius smirked, almost instantly going back to normal. "That'd be great." He leaned forward and grabbed the collar of Remus' jacket, pulling the poor Werewolf closer to him with a slight yelp, and crashed his lips onto his. After a millisecond, Remus responded with almost as much eagerness. Never before had he been so happy.