taste one once. Two years ago, when he was cleaning up, there was a bit of paste on the table cloth. When Harry was sure no one was watching, he picked it up and tried it. It was very good, very sweet. Hagrid opened a white box with a large dent in the centre, as if someone placed something on the box that caused it to collapse inwards. He opened it up, and inside was a huge cake, about the size of Vernon's hand, covered in that pink paste. On it, in green paste, was written HAPPEE BIRTHDAE HARRY It was far nicer than any of Dudley's cakes. And it was his. Harry was very excited. Now there were no forks, or spoons, or any of that sort of thing, but Harry was quite used to this so he carefully took a handful of the cake. The cake itself was rather hard, and dry, but it was very tasty. For Harry. In reality it tasted like bread left out for too long that was beginning to change colour. But Harry ate that when he was lucky, so he didn't know. "Alrig't 'arry, Let's go to Diagon Alley!" Harry looked up questioningly, his eyes showing his confusion in their emerald green depths. "O'! I forgot!" Hagrid's hand disappeared in the pocket of his brown coat, and, after a few moments of digging around and obviously shifting some very odd metal and wooden things that made Harry wonder how large his pockets were, he pulled out a letter identical to the countless ones received at Number 4 Privet Drive. " 'ere you are 'arry." Harry glanced up at Hagrid, his excitement evident in his emerald eyes. He refrained from looking at the Dursleys and seeing the disgust that would certainly be evident on their faces. Instead, he admired the beautiful parchment once again, this time taking his time. He flipped the envelope, and on the back said Mr H. Potter The Floor Next to The Couch Unknown Oceanview Madison He frowned, then flipped the envelope back over. He knew he had to open it, but he was sad to break the beautiful red wax crest. But he did, nonetheless. Inside the envelope was the same lovely parchment, folded three times. He carefully unfolded it and smiled meekly at the delicate red cursive. And, he began to read. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress "Hogwarts School of…?" He glanced up at Hagrid, obviously confused. "But of course 'arry! You do need an educa'ion!" "So, Wizards are real?" Harry was rather proud he managed to say the bad word without stuttering. "Absolutely!" Harry smiled slightly, though he still didn't fully believe it. He knew what a wizard was, it was in one of Dudley's books, and he knew the things done were impossible. But he kept quiet as he would not want to anger Hagrid. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Yours sincerely, Lucinda Thomsonicle-Pocus Chief Attendant of Witchcraft Provisions Harry felt that it was too good to be true, the idea of having a proper chance at life, of receiving an education and going to school every day just like Dudley was overwhelming. And books! He would own books! And a wand… He wasn't sure what he would do with that however. He knew he couldn't do magic, he didn't even believe it existed! He dreaded the day that Hagrid would find out and send him back to the Dursleys. "So 'arry… Diagon Alley?" "Okay sir." Harry nodded slightly, the thunder storm had finally stopped so it was now just muddy. He was slightly afraid though, he knew bad things happened when a stranger took you away, Uncle Vernon would always tell him he should be, so of course he knew it would be bad. He hoped it was alright. He looked up, Hagrid had pushed the door down yet again. He was standing patiently. "Well come on boy!" "Yes sir!" "And say goodbye to your 'amily, would't want t'em worrying." Harry froze up for a moment, he knew they were going to be angry that he was leaving for such a freakish reason. He did so nonetheless, but only to prevent Hagrid's anger. "G-oodbye." He turned but kept his eyes on the ground, not wanting to witness the anger and disgust in their eyes. He knew that he was a freak, but it still hurt to see such strong evidence. He heard a snort and then turned to follow Hagrid out the door.