Why didn't you say anything? Don't you know who it was? Can't you remember?" "That is neither here nor there, Granger. Many students here hate my guts and they don't like it any more than the rest of Wizarding Britain that the Wizengamot was so lenient with me. They want to see me punished for my many misdeeds." "But you were acquitted!" He shrugged. "Not in the court of public opinion." "That's rubbish and you know it. We can't all start our own vigilante justice, that's even worse than having another band of Death Eaters roaming the country." "It's life, Granger. All I have to do is survive the year, and then I'll be free to go wherever I want. France, or the States, or even Australia. And since I have my own brilliant personal healer, I'm pretty sure I can take whatever they try to throw at me here." He chuckled. "And it seems I have my very own personal guard dog, too, which doesn't give them many opportunities to throw any kind of curses at me. I'm safe enough." Hermione could feel her face heating up, and looked away. "You still should have said something. It isn't right." Madam Pince came around the corner of an aisle just then and told them it was time to close the library. They started packing up, listening to her footsteps fading away. "It doesn't matter. Whatever they throw at me, it can never be more painful than what I've already been through. But you really should think of yourself, Granger. Nobody's going to take you seriously as a Healer if you're associated with a Death Eater," Malfoy muttered. "I'll take that chance." "Sodding Gryffindors." "Bloody Slytherins." They smiled at each other. Finale: Mistletoe She didn't want to go home for Christmas. Her parents were still in Australia, oblivious to the fact they had a daughter in England, and it was just too painful to spend the holiday with Ron and his family. She arranged to see her friends in Hogsmeade on Boxing Day and assured them she really would prefer to spend the rest of the winter break at Hogwarts. The castle was almost empty that year, the War too recent a memory for families to celebrate the holidays without their children. Draco Malfoy was one of the few other students who remained behind, and the only one of the Eighth and Seventh years she shared any classes with. They met in the library every day, talking about nothing but homework and research. They never talked about the attacks, which seemed to have ended, or Poppy Pomfrey's dismissal from Hogwarts, which hadn't endeared Hermione with either the staff or the students. There was a new Healer now, Madam Roseberry, who was fair to everyone. Hermione enjoyed her Apprenticeship much better now she was properly instructed and supervised. Of course, that Malfoy hadn't ended up in the hospital wing once since November was also a bonus. Or was it? Of course it was. I don't want to see him in there. Not really. They were walking down together for Christmas Eve dinner, when all of a sudden, an invisible wall seemed to block their path and close in on them. They looked up simultaneously, realising at once what the problem was. A sprig of mistletoe with glittering white berries dangled above their heads. Hermione kept her eyes on the mistletoe and swallowed. She could feel Malfoy's eyes on her, but was unwilling to meet them. "I guess we better…" She stopped and blushed. "Yeah…" She took a deep breath and turned towards him, eyes closed and mouth slightly open. He licked his lips, cradling her face in his hands, and bent down. Then he hesitated. She could feel his breath on her lips and wondered why he had stopped. She opened her eyes again, and found his face only a hair's breadth away. His eyes seemed larger from up close, gleaming silver with specks of gold in the torch light. "Hermione," he whispered, so quietly she could have sworn she'd imagined it. Then his lips were on hers, warmer than she'd expected, but unmoving. It was chaste and soft and infuriating and exhilarating all at once. Her heart seemed to skip a beat and then sped up, her breath hitched in her throat and her hands were moving to his shoulders without any conscious thought. And then his lips were gone, and he rested his forehead against hers, his lips moving, forming words he couldn't quite say. She gasped for breath, then her hand sneaked around the back of his neck and she drew him closer, kissing him again, moving their lips together, softly biting his lower lip, sucking it to ease the pain, then running her tongue over his upper lip. A moan escaped from the back of his throat, and it seemed to startle him. He pushed her away. They stared at each other, both breathing heavily and trying to make sense of what just happened. "I'm sorry," he blurted out. She blinked. "What?" Not exactly the words she'd expected to hear. "I'm sorry. I know you don't feel… It won't happen again." He turned bright red, and started to walk away. "Wait. What are you talking about?" "You told me, remember, you're just doing your job, I don't mean anything to you. I know. I promise it won't happen again." "When did I say that?" "Hallowe'en." "I was a little upset that day, Draco. And a lot has changed since then." He swallowed, but still didn't look at her. "How much?" She sighed, exasperated. "How much what?" "How much have things changed?" She rolled her eyes at his back, grabbed his arm and pushed him against the wall. "A lot, you idiot." She smiled at him, nudging her nose against his before she kissed him again. This time, they didn't stop until Professor McGonagall cleared her throat and reminded them dinner was waiting for them in the Great Hall.