the bacon. "Get that done, and then get ready for school, boy." Albus felt himself nodding and very gently, mindful of his as-of-yet clumsiness with muggle tools and the concept of cooking, he placed the slices of bacon on a nearby plate. Then he turned off the stove. He hopped off the stool and brushed past Dudley (who elbowed him discreetly in the side as he passed) and to his cupboard. It was truly abominable how the Dursleys treated their only nephew and he felt sudden guilt rise up within him for his decision to leave Harry in such a household as this. He should have listened to Minevra when she had told him that these muggles were vile . They were worse than vile. His empty stomach heaved suddenly, and Albus found himself rushing to the nearest bathroom. He heaved and panted, but alas, all that came out was stomach acid. Biting his lip, he went to wash up when he caught his reflection in the mirror, and he gasped: Harry's body looked terrible; his face was gaunt and what little baby fat remained, it did nothing to conceal the horrendous treatment that the Dursleys evidently gave him. The scar stood out prominently through his unruly black hair. The eyes, however, twinkled with the similar look of power and joy of life as they had in his previous life. He wondered if that was an effect of him taking over Harry's body. Cleaning up quickly — he was unwilling to get shouted at again — Albus rushed himself to the cupboard and found that someone (Petunia no doubt) had laid out a washed pair of trousers and shirt. Oversized, yes, but at least they did not stink of musk and stale sweat. . He had taken a seat at the back of the class, thankfully Dudley was sat before him, as Albus imagined that he would have snapped quite quickly if he had had to bear Dudley's concept of humour which involved flicking the ear of the person in front of him and then exploding into silent hysterics with his little gang. Albus felt eager to be out of the Dursley household and back in such a familiar environment, only now not as a teacher or a professor, but as a student. Even so, his love for academic studies and knowledge quickly made itself known and he found himself eagerly doing exercises that were far, far, far beyond his level. Nevertheless, it was interesting to see his body trying to write down what he wished it to. It seemed that muscle memory was not something that had been passed on from his old body too. "Very good, Harry," the Scottish teacher (a Mrs. Vipond), said as she examined the sums he'd done. An irate Dudley turned to glare at him from the row in front of Albus and he deliberately raised a finger to his throat an mimicked 'cutting it off'. It seemed that 'Harry excelling at something' was another unwanted thing at the Dursley household. "Why don't you try this, Harry?" She sketched out a more complicated sum. For a moment, Albus hesitated, wary of what Vernon might do when he came back to their house. Then again, it seemed his magic wouldn't be very active until a few years at least, so academic success seemed like the only way he would be able to put any distance between himself and the Dursleys. Picking up the muggle pencil (its ingenuity kept on surprising him - to put lead inside of the utensil - incredible!) he easily did the sum, recalling his expert knowledge of arithmetics. The teacher hummed and smiled in approval. "That's very good Harry. Why don't you stay after class and we try some more?" He glanced at Dudley who was staring at him with the utmost hate and defiantly nodded. He would have to work on Dudley, but the boy would eventually learn that the world was not as black and white as the Dursleys had evidently presented it to him as. The end of class could not come soon enough, and suddenly, the rest of the students had gone out to play in the yard during their break while Albus remained inside, now in the front row, as the Mrs. Vipond wrote sums (each one more complicated than the previous one) on the board. "Okay," she said putting the chalk down and turning to face him with an encouraging smile. "Take as long as you need, Harry." Albus gently placed the tip of his pencil back on the paper and started doing the sums. He was done in less than a few minutes. Hearing that he had stopped writing, the teacher looked up. "Too hard?" she said kindly. Albus cocked his head to the side, eyes twinkling and mouth curled into a small smile. "I'm done, miss." A look of wonderment crossed her face and she reached out her hand in a silent demand to look over his answers. Her eyes widened when she saw that everything was right. "Oh, wow." She glanced up at him. "Who taught you this? Did your uncle show you how to do this?" Ah, so she was familiar with his living arrangements. Albus steepled his fingers under his chin. "No, miss." "Well, well, Harry. We'll have to see about placing you in a higher year, yes?" She laughed incredulously when she looked back down at the paper. "Of course, you'll have to take an exam to see if you can join a new class… but this is outstanding, Harry!" Even with his unfair advantage and massive intellect, Albus found himself smiling a little in response: apparently there was still hope for him to get away from the Durselys. But even now, in this terrible situation, in this terrible household, he found that happiness and hope could still be found in the darkest of times if only one remembered to turn on the light. Lemme know what you think!