so much as a single sentence she read. She had given it up as a bad job and grabbed the Map so that she would know the moment Harry was back in the castle. Hermione's eyes scanning the perimeter of the grounds for any sign of the familiar dot was the only thing that allowed her to see the attack coming. A single line of Death Eaters, led by Peter Pettigrew, made its way through the tunnel that led from the Shrieking Shack to the Whomping Willow. Hermione had jumped into action without hesitation. Harry's concern had been infectious and she had been fingering her DA medallion while she studied the map. Before the Death Eaters had even emerged from the passage Hermione had already sent out the alert. Neville running up to her with a near panicked look on his face had drawn Seamus, Lavender and Parvati over as well. They immediately agreed to help defend the castle as part of the DA. As Parvati had put it: "Harry taught the DA for a reason and even if we didn't see our coins you still called us." The five teens had run out of the portrait hole to warn the staff and ran right into Luna Lovegood who had been coming to answer the call as surely as Neville had. Hermione had intended to go find McGonagall herself, but was stopped by Lavender pointing out that she was probably their best fighter and should be finding a defensible position while letting others play messenger. It was quickly decided that the three who weren't a part of the Ministry Six would alert as many teachers as they could find. Hermione had shared out Harry's Felix Felicis at that point to ensure that they all had the best possible chance of surviving the coming fight. The potion proved its worth shortly after the group split up. Hermione had cast an eye over the map again and noticed Malfoy letting the Death Eaters into the castle. She also noticed several Order members between them and the invading terrorists. Leading the way at a dead sprint she had gathered up a group that contained most of the witches and wizards who had come to their rescue a year earlier. Together they had prepared to face the oncoming threat. The Death Eaters had reached them at the same time as Lavender, Parvati and Seamus had returned with reinforcements. The battle had been fierce but thanks to the potion Harry had left with her none of the DA members were seriously injured. In fact the most serious injury had been Bill Weasley's mauling by an untransformed Fenrir Greyback. At least, if you didn't count death as an injury. Hermione had been shocked when several Death Eaters who must have snuck off at some point in all the confusion came sprinting down the Hall followed by a livid Harry Potter. She later learnt from her boyfriend that Snape had murdered the Headmaster. I will never refer to that man as 'professor' again. He betrayed that title. The end result of the night had been one fake Horcrux recovered, three Death Eaters dead from curses that were dark in nature and no one would admit to casting in public, Snape disappeared from Hogwarts and Harry Potter looking grimmer than anyone had ever seen him. Hermione had done what she could over the past few days to cheer her boyfriend up, but that night had left its mark on him. Hermione knew exactly who had brought down Death Eaters with lethal force and how much it scared him that he might have taken his first steps towards becoming what he hated. She knew how he felt the weight of the world squarely on his shoulders. The last of the people who had been able to shoulder a part of that burden with him had died. She knew that she couldn't carry that for him so she held him up instead. A part of the tears she was shedding now were for Harry as much as Dumbledore. Hermione also knew Harry well enough to know what was coming after the funeral. He would try to convince her to run, to take her parents and get out of the country and harm's way. Her arms tightened around him as if to prevent him from even starting down that path. Focusing on the future helped Hermione gain some control of her emotions. Turning her eyes to Harry, Hermione felt her determination crystalise into a vow. I'm not going to let him face this alone. It might be Harry's destiny to save the world, but I'm making it my destiny to save Harry Potter so he can live in that world afterwards. I'm going to make sure that when his children go to Hogwarts their father will be there to see them off on the Express and that they will know the truth about him rather than having to rely on rumours about a mythical figure that would never be able to do justice to the man that I love. The End AN: There you have it. I think that this would have set Rowling up for a finish that wouldn't have left quite so many people head-desking. Harry's taking his destiny seriously and Hermione is helping him and really that's all I wanted from those last two books. At least canon leaves us with a chance to really get into our chosen hobby. In case you are wondering: the scene with Harry and Malfoy in Myrtle's bathroom didn't happen since he had Hermione helping him and was smart enough to use the freaking holodeck at his disposal to check what the Prince's spells actually did rather than try them out at the single most inopportune time possible. I want to thank you once again for all your support over the past year and hope to see you back here for a long time to come. Until next time: happy reading. LeQuin