don't you think? I'm trying to find nicer ways to get to my office. I think this is rather nice, wouldn't you agree?" "Er, maybe," said Harry. His eyes darted to Malfoy, whose whole face was tense: Harry could see he was gritting his teeth very hard. He wasn't sure if he was doing this because the girl made him uncomfortable, or if he was trying very hard not to laugh. Harry suspected the latter. The girl also glanced at Malfoy. "Although," she said darkly, "there are some ways in which it could definitely be nicer." Malfoy turned to them and grinned in the viscous way he always did when he was about to be unpleasant. "It's very hot in here, isn't it?" he said. He took his jacket off. The girl straightened her back and stopped smiling. Malfoy went on: "I'm warm even in this shirt." He unbuttoned his cuffs and rolled up one sleeve, slowly, deliberately. Then he rolled up the second, making sure to make a show of revealing the Dark Mark. The girl pressed herself into the corner furthest away from Malfoy, her expression nasty. The elevator pinged. The doors opened at a random floor, as it did on its detours, but this didn't matter to the girl. She ran out. "Thanks," said Harry after the doors closed. "That's probably going to get me fired," said Malfoy, rolling his sleeves back down and doing up his cuffs, "what do you want, Potter? I assume it's me you're after, I don't know why else you'd be riding this Merlin-cursed lift." "I've been using this lift for years," said Harry. Malfoy stopped in the middle of buttoning up a cuff and screwed his face up at Potter. "Yeah, really," said Harry. "I was on holiday the last two weeks." Malfoy sighed and put on his jacket. "I started two weeks ago. I'll find a different route up tomorrow morning." In the spur of the moment, Harry held out is hand. "Let's be civil about this. We can share an elevator without hexing one another." Malfoy looked down at Harry's waiting hand and pursed his lips. "You're being ever so Gryffindor about this," he said. It was clearly not implied as a compliment. Harry keeps his hand outstretched. "Fine. In that case, think of it like this: you get to avoid the normal elevators, and I get to avoid any more incidents like her. That Slytherin enough for you, Malfoy?" Malfoy snorted. "Whatever," he said. When Harry didn't lower his hand, Malfoy rolled his eyes, and shook it. They stood in silence for a few more seconds until the elevator hit Malfoy's floor. "What do you do now, anyway?" said Harry. The doors opened. Malfoy stepped out. "Office for Confiscation of Dark Arts Materials," said Malfoy. "No kidding." "Apparently I know a thing or two about that," said Malfoy with a humourless expression. He turned around and walked away. The elevator doors closed. The elevator pings, bringing Harry back to the present moment. The doors open. Malfoy stays in his corner. Harry looks at him. "It's decided to stop at your floor first today," says Malfoy. "Concentrate, Potter." "Fuck." Harrys spends the rest of the day avoiding any human being who isn't utterly convinced he's actually thrilled with Ginny getting married. Ron and Hermione come to his office to have lunch - the cafeteria isn't fun for any of them at times like these. Ginny has asked Hermione to be her maid of honour, and Hermione, quite beside herself, spends most of lunch relating to them the entire history of wedding traditions, or so it seems. In the afternoon Harry throws himself into his work and becomes so absorbed he forgets until the last minute that Luna is coming around in the evening. He rushes home to find Luna waiting outside of his flat, holding a rather large tall black box. "Sorry, have you been waiting long?" he says, as he lets her in and, at the sight of the messy living room, berates himself for not cleaning up that morning. "No, not at all," she says, putting down the box, "this is for you." "What is it?" he says. Luna shrugs. "I don't know, it was there when I got here, but it was on its side. It has your name on it." Harry looks at a suspiciously walking-stick shaped indent on the side of the box. The crazy old woman across the hall, no doubt. He hangs his and Luna's coats up, puts on the kettle and then returns to examine the box a bit closer. On the top of it there's a small note with H. POTTER inscribed neatly on it, but nothing to indicate where it came from. He opens the box and stands back, rather confused. Inside, there is a bouquet of flowers in an intricately-made blue glass vase. He carefully pulls it out and places it on the coffee table. "Gladioli," Luna says, delighted. Ten large stems burst out of the vase, each stem tall and green, with about eight soft white flowers each, bunched up the stem two by two. Harry stares at them. He cannot think of a single person they could be from - the list of friends who have his address is quite short, and the most likely candidate is Neville, who is firstly somewhere in New Zealand at that moment, and secondly will probably never trust Harry with plants again after one unfortunate event. "They're lovely," says Luna when Harry remains rooted and silent on his spot, "shall I make some tea?" Harry nods. Something about this mystery has grabbed him. These flowers - Gladioli, Luna said - are as bizarre a gift as they are a beautiful one. Somehow, he knows they have something to do with Ginny's engagement, but nothing else about them makes sense. He cannot help but feel those white blooms hold a message he cannot yet decipher, a significance he cannot yet understand.