you with my daughter." "It was no problem, Shannon. Kelly's a sweet little girl." Harry answered with a fond smile at the little bundle in his lap. "I think so too." Shannon said softly before leaning over and gathering her daughter in her arms. Kelly gave out a little moan as she cuddled into her mother, but didn't wake. "We'd both be happy if you would visit some time." Shannon said before pressing a quick kiss to Harry's cheek which clearly took him by surprise. "Goodbye." Shannon's departure was the signal for a lot of other parents to take their children home as well. Helen was happy that everyone seemed pleased with the way the barbecue had turned out. It didn't take long for all the neighbours to disperse and Helen was left with her husband, her daughter and a young man who wasn't her daughter's boyfriend. "Would you like some help clearing up?" Harry asked them. "It's sweet of you to offer, but that won't be necessary." Helen assured him. "Are you sure?" "Yes, Harry." Hermione said in a tone of someone who had known this discussion was coming. "If you don't need me to help you clear up I'll just get out of your hair." Hermione slipped an arm through Harry's. "Come on, let's show Dad your motorbike. He likes the old ones." she said as she started pulling Harry around to the front of the house. "That's right. You mentioned that you had a Triumph." Richard broke in looking eager. Helen followed them shaking her head in amusement. "Yes, sir. It's just out front." "Do you think I could have a go on it?" "I think that we may want to wait until I have my broom close to hand." "Your broom?" "The bike can fly and I don't want something to happen to you if you hit the wrong button. If I have my broom I can fly alongside you." "Ah. So when do you think we can do that?" "Richard! I thought you said that it was almost criminal to tamper with old bikes and cars because they are 'marvels of engineering'?" Richard shot her look that told Helen that this was something she was destined to never understand. "Yes, but this is a marvel of engineering and a marvel of enchanting." Helen saw Harry nodding to Richard's proclamation and decided that this wasn't worth getting in an argument over. Harry patiently explained the specifications of his bike to Richard as he oo-ed and ah-ed over it. Eventually Richard managed to get his enthusiasm back under control and stepped back from the bike. He held out his hand to Harry. "It was good of you to come today, Harry. I hope we'll see you again some time." Harry gripped Richard's hand. "It was wonderful of you to have me and I think I'd like that, sir." Helen was next and pulled Harry into a hug. "I quite agree, it was a pleasure to have you here." Helen noticed that Harry seemed a little uncomfortable and let him go. "Thank you, ma'am." Finally it was Hermione's turn to say goodbye. She threw her arms around him and hugged him tightly. "Thank you so much for coming. You really saved the day." Harry certainly doesn't seem to mind being hugged by Hermione , Helen thought to herself with wry amusement. "I think I owed you this much at least." Harry told her. Hermione snorted at that but let it go. She gave Harry a quick kiss on the cheek. "I'll call you on the mirrors tomorrow?" "Sure. I'll be at Andi's again tomorrow and I'm sure that Teddy would be happy to talk to you." "I'll bet. Thank you again, Harry. You really are a great friend." Harry seemed stuck for anything to say and simply mounted his bike. The helmet and leather jacket were taken out of the impossible saddlebags again. Harry carefully put on his safety gear and, with a final wave to the Grangers, drove away from the house and out of sight. "Right, let's get to it then." Helen said briskly after Harry had disappeared from view. "If we clear up now we won't have a mess to deal with tomorrow." "Agreed. Afterwards I vote we have a nice cup of tea and a...discussion." Judging by the way Hermione's face just went carefully neutral she's guessed the topic of the discussion Richard wants to have. The family walked back into their garden with the youngest dragging her feet. AN: This was planned as a one-shot, but it became just slightly longer than is comfortable on a single scrollbar. The rest of the story will be shown in chapter two. "Once more unto the breach, dear friends, once more." Is the start of King Henry's famous rallying speech in Shakepeare's Henry V. A Knight Bachelor is the lowest knightly rank (meaning the lowest rank that is allowed to style themselves 'sir') and is not part of any Chivalric Order. It still outranks the non-knightly ranks of the Chivalric Orders though. It's the oldest from of knighthood in Britain dating back to the 13th century. For those of you wondering: the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia had started breaking up in the early nineties, but the resulting wars were still raging and would for more than a year. Harry is referring to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia which NATO had started bombing the week before as part of it's intervention in the Kosovo War which would last until the summer of 2000. The Hero's Portion, or Curadmir , is a tradition found in Irish mythology. The largest and best cut of meat is given to the bravest and greatest warrior at the feast. It was an honour that was fought and killed over. As always thank you for reading. Update: Thanks to some reviewers I noticed that the italics in my piece hadn't made it through the upload process. Hopefully got all of them now.