do anything to pleasure me and I love that because it's easy and simple! It's just great sex and it's especially great because they are not asking questions! They are not listening!" She notices the skin peeling on his nose before she realizes that she is shouting. Her cheeks are wet and suddenly she just wants to leave his flat with big wide windows and football posters and books about animals. She just wants to leave. She just wants to let go. But, and it's the third thing that Pansy learns about Charlie, he's not really an obliging man. He's more of a fire-fueled soldier and he has an unpleasant tendency to come back for wounded animals. With a strike of cruelty glowing in her pupils, she wonders if he doesn't love to watch them struggling in the trap before he frees them. He is silent but the world around her buzzing and suddenly she wants annihilation. "People are never listening." She finishes, with a low broken voice because she has yell at him longer that she would have ever dream to yell at Daphne, or Blaise, or Draco, or Astoria. Or at all the people she should be yelling at, instead of him. He shrugs his shoulders like it's no big deal but he stares at her like it is . "It's not due to me, it's the animals. I'm also a good watcher, by the way." She giggles and it's a strange feeling, like eating honey while having a sour throat. It's soften. He doesn't rub her tears with his thumb, he just looks at her crumbling on his wooden floor. She prefers that. He is steady. "You are good with people too" she adds faking lightly. "Go tell that to my mom." She smirks. He was such a mama boy with his monstrous ego, his monstrous mass of muscle and his monstrous fear of disappointing. "You run away from her. I see you when they come…" "You spy on me?" he interrupts. "I have a routine, you paranoid and self-centered brat. I fuck guys in my bed, I take a bowl of cereal mixed with soy milk, I take a shower, I go to work and then, when I come back at the usually time when your clones arrive, I check my mail." He frowns an eyebrow and it stretches a light scar on the side of his temple. He opens his mouth ready to talk, ready to fight because it's what he does with his burns and his scars and his pretty sharp lips. But because he will contradict her, she pursues: "You are kissing her but you are distant like if you didn't want her to leave a print on you, you are watching her but from the sides not right in the eyes like you do with me. And, I know you love watching. So, what's the deal?" He takes her hand without a second thought and maybe he's scared, and maybe he's ashamed, but he has never looked so juvenile, so terrified. He looks like a kid and it reminds her of herself. She brushes his knuckles, inflamed by the sun, by the outdoor and physical works, by his own pushing anger and maybe that it hurts him. But god, were they burning quietly when they were not there for each other? "Do you have any siblings?" he asks. "No. I'm enough of a disaster on my own, thanks you. But I used to have a bunch of friends as messed up as I am so it might be just as bad." "I'm the second son. I was a great athlete at high school, I had good grades and my parents were proud of me like they always are, with the eternal confidence that you will be at your best forever." "Do not generalize, please." Her tone is a bit more acid than it should be. She bites down on the inside of her cheeks. She's not good enough. She was not good enough. Not for her parents and their heavy family name, not for her friends for life, gone doing their own on their side of things. "Yes. Sorry." She doesn't look at him but she feels as he readjusts his back against the wall for a position more comfortable, that he doesn't know if he must keep going or stop right there. He keeps going because he's not the kind of guy to let go. She doesn't know if she has enough stamina or indifference or selfishness inside her to tell him to stop. She wants to be as good as he is. Pansy Parkinson has always had standards. Now it was to be better than he was, stronger, kinder. So, she doesn't let go. "I want to hear your tearful story before you messed up with my sleep schedule, so hurry." It's a I'm here even if it is not one. "And when it happens that you can't be at your best, that there is a worst side of you but also a not-best-but-better side for you, you leave." It's a thank you even if it is useless. He pauses. She feels his big hand pulsing over hers, so big and big that it covers her pale one almost entirely like if it was nothing but something that he could keep for himself. "Every time I see her, I know how it hurts to be the one who stays, because I see it in her clumsy hugs. She doesn't know me anymore, but somehow I still know her because she is stayed the same." "No. She's not. I'm not. You learn to change without moving and then one day, you are not the same and it's easier to move." It's one of the first things that he learns about her: how she's come from far to end up on his floor a Saturday afternoon, moving on, letting go. you can send prompts and/or find me at esthergoldsteins on tumblr. love.