burns, sir. Please touch my pussy, sir, I'm so wet!" "Oh," Hermione's hand came up to clutch her throat, her visceral reaction to the woman's desperate plea was instantaneous. If she had thought she had been turned on before, now the need was raging. The man's eyes snapped up to hers again and he leered at her. "Unbutton your blouse." He told her in a demanding tone. Hermione's lips parted in surprise as her thoughts tumbled through her head, completely out of control. She made an impulsive and split-second decision. She pulled her wand and sent a new, stronger warding at the door before cramming it back into her skirt. Then her fingers, almost with a mind of their own, flew to the row of tiny buttons of her cranberry colored blouse, popping them quickly, exposing a black lace balconette bra. She watched in excitement as the stranger's eyes darkened, his already dilated pupils blowing wide. She started to tremble. "Fifty, sir!" The witch underneath him ground out with a strangled yelp. Hermione's gaze couldn't be torn away as she watched the man slowly trace the line of the witch's slit, she could see her juices coating her thighs and pubic hair. The woman gasped and thrust her hips back, desperate for friction. She jumped when the wizard glanced another stinging blow across her cheeks making her cry out. "Stay still, Pet. This is your only warning or there will be fifty more spankings to take." The girl whimpered, but did not move as he sunk two fingers into her channel. "Gaaaah." She sounded like she had never felt so good in her entire life and Hermione continued to stare, open-mouthed and panting at the couple. Reflexively, she rubbed her thighs together, desperate for friction. He quickly and methodically brought the witch to a screaming climax that made Hermione tremble with a desperate need and a longing that was as confusing as it was frantic. "Stand up, Pet," he growled, grasping her by the hair at the back of her head. He pulled her to stand, cranking her chin up forcefully. Hermione got to see her face for the first time. She was very pretty. Dark, coffee brown tresses fell around her face, her eyes were a pale blue, almost grey. Her face was flushed and blank with a look of mixed look of desire and satiation. Lust leaked out of her pores like Hermione had never experienced, never witness in her life. She took an involuntary step back from them, her heart rate increasing. What was she doing, barging in on an intimate experience like this? She had no idea who these people were. "She's lovely, sir." The girl whispered. "I see why you didn't turn her away." "Powerful, too, Pet. Do you feel it?" "Yes, sir. Are you going to ask her to join us, sir?" The man sneered at his pet . "Would you like that, sweetheart?" "Oh, yes, sir," the girl breathed. "Would you like to join us, Kitten?" The man asked, his sneer turning into a devilish grin at Hermione with his invitation. Suddenly, Hermione panicked. "What..? Oh, no. No. I'm terribly sorry," she stammered, taking another step back. Her fingers flew to button up the blouse she had undone. What in the world had possessed her to unbutton her blouse?! Just because some freak in the lady's room asked her to? What the hell was the matter with her? She felt herself blanch as tears sprung to her eyes. Why was she so turned on? She had never felt like this before in her life. Nothing and no one had ever made her so wet and desperate for release. Both sets of eyes watching her suddenly seemed to soften. It was like they understood exactly what she was feeling in that very moment. "I should go!" Hermione spun and was almost to the door when a hand grabbed her elbow. It was the woman. "Hey," she said softly. "It's okay. Are you okay?" Hermione glanced up over her shoulder to see piercing blue eyes watching her appraisingly. "I am fine. I'm so embarrassed," she replied gratefully. "I'll leave you two. I'll ward the door again. I'm not even sure why I stayed. I'm so sorry I interrupted you." "Stop." The grey-eyed girl insisted. "Don't apologize. Listen – have you ever done something like this before?" "No." She didn't know so much hysteria could be put into one word. Why was she talking to this woman? She was mortified, she had to get out of here. "Calm down, I'm sure you have a lot of questions. I know I did with my first encounter." The girl held out a card and Hermione met her eyes questioningly before taking it cautiously. "My name is Rose, this is my Master, Etan. If you want to know more, you can find us here most weekends." She tapped the card and Hermione's eyes dropped to it. THE DUNGEON Can be found at 84 Knockturn Alley All welcome "We'd be happy to answer any you come up with." Hermione looked to Master Etan, her eyes wide, then back to Rose who smiled warmly at her before reaching out and grabbing her wrist. "There's nothing wrong with you." Hermione's opposite hand flew up to cover her mouth and she stifled a sob of horrified confusion mixed with relief. "I need to go." Rose let her go quickly and she bolted, slamming and sending a wandless warding charm behind her on the door. Author Notes: *Hangs head in shame* I know, I have too many stories happening. I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. I'm a bit scattered when it comes to my story writing. I hope you enjoy this anyway. HUGE HUGE HUGE thanks to my AMAZINGNESS Beta SnowBlind12. She has some wonderful stories - especially A World Not Fit to Live In. Please take the time to show her some love. She's become such an important person in my life. xxxLissaDream