I feel awful. Because that should be the biggest thing on my mind right now. My—my brother died… and yet you've been in my thoughts at least as much as he has." Harry jolted a bit at that. He didn't know what to say, but she saved him from having to speak. "I just… I can't do it anymore, Harry. I don't know if it's shock from the war or some coping mechanism for the grief, or still just the stupid crush I've had on you since the beginning of time, but I needed to talk to you, to see for myself that you were okay, and I was tired of waiting for you to get over yourself and stop avoiding me." Harry immediately spoke up to defend himself. "I-I wasn't—" "You were. And I get it. And we don't have to do all that right now. Talk about everything. In fact, I really don't want to. Not now." She took a shaky breath. "But I—I just…" She took another deep breath and seemed suddenly to be fighting for composure. Harry understood, probably better even than she did herself, what was happening. One could only fight for strength for so long before it abandoned him to the aching rawness of the pain inside. He remembered losing Sirius, how much of a final straw it had been for him and how badly he'd taken it. It was hitting her and Ginny was finally breaking. He didn't hesitate now, like he had before, to reach out and wrap her in his arms. And if he was honest with himself, it was one of the most natural things he'd ever done. Ginny clung to him, her uneven breaths sounding close to his ear. She tried to say something, but he shushed her gently and held her. "I know." He didn't speak beyond that, but he somehow knew he didn't need to. She calmed down after a minute, but did not immediately pull away. "I missed you, Harry," she said at last. "I missed you too." She pulled back now and looked at him in the darkness. "Promise me," she said firmly, "No more. From here on out, you tell me everything. No more sneaking off to be a hero and leaving me behind in the dark. Because if you don't, Harry Potter, I swear I might actually kill you." Harry didn't doubt that for a minute. "I promise." He managed a wry smile. "But believe me, Gin, I don't plan on doing any more heroing." "Did you plan on it before?" she countered, an eyebrow raised dubiously in the dimness. "Fair point." She managed a small smirk. He smiled in reply, staring at her in the dark. She held his gaze. Neither spoke in that minute, but a lot was said. Harry wasn't exactly off the hook yet; nor would Ginny ever let the subject of the past year drop before he told her every last detail of it. He wasn't quite forgiven yet, but it was a start. It was a promise. He would tell her everything, when he was ready, and she would do the same. For a split second, a hint of the familiar sparkle returned to her brown eyes, obvious even in the darkness, and Harry was somehow certain it had been months since it had last been there. It was short-lived, however, as a moment later, a muffled crash sounded from inside the castle—from additional cleanup or maybe Peeves—and drew her attention away. Ginny stared toward the school for a few seconds longer than strictly necessary before turning back to look at him. She gave a reluctant sigh. "I should probably get back inside." She paused, studying him, "You should too, with the way Mum's been since…" She didn't finish that sentence. Harry's heart felt like a Bludger in his chest. "I'm sorry," he told her, surprised himself by the emotion in his voice. She nodded slightly, looking down. Ginny reached forward and grabbed his hand. The action seemed to provide her some comfort and she let it fall again after a moment. She finally met his eyes. "We're going to be okay, right?" She didn't elaborate, but Harry knew what she didn't just mean their relationship. She meant the both of them, and her family, and their friends; the wizarding world as a whole. "Yeah," he answered in the same quiet tone she had used, "I think so. Eventually." Ginny took a deep breath and nodded, looking somewhat reassured, but Harry knew she believed him for different reasons than most everyone else did. They looked to him as a leader and a celebrity. Ginny was different. To her, he was a friend, a confidant, a partner. She had advised him nearly as much as he had her—she was certainly within her right to be angry with him. And for maybe the first time, his reassurance wasn't empty. He didn't know if he was completely confident in his answer, but he wanted it to be true. And the fact that it seemed to help Ginny even a little marginally lifted his own spirits too. "Okay." She glanced toward the ruined castle again and then sighed, looking back. "We really should be getting inside." Her mouth curved in the tiniest of smirks. "You wanted to go to bed, after all." Harry exhaled a quiet laugh, probably his first in in days. "Er, yeah." "Come on, Mr. Hero of the Wizarding World," Ginny said, turning the way they'd come, "Let's go face your adoring fans together." Still smiling, Harry followed her through the damaged Hogwarts grounds once more, his spirits significantly lighter than they'd been before. The magical community was still a mess, people were still grieving, dark wizards were still being rounded up, but from all the darkness of the past months, at least until they crossed the threshold of Hogwarts once more, things looked a bit brighter. And someday, maybe soon, everything else would too. Thanks for reading!