one hand, and with a swift jerk from the other, she pushed up Severus's sleeve to reveal the Dark Mark. "Is this what well means to you?" Severus didn't get offended as she expected instead he smiled sweetly and reached to the inside of his robes. He pulled out his silver badge and held it out to her. This was his crest, the three wands crossed in the middle with the head of a screeching hawk over it, the words 'honour' and 'duty' engraved on the sides. " This is what well means to me." "I did my research, Severus. I know the story of your life. I know about little Lily Evans, I know of the Half-Blood Prince, of your time with Him, your betrayal, your new alliance, your work during the wars, your work as Potions Master at Hogwarts, Head of Slytherin, Order of Merlin First Class, Head Auror ever since. I have a cabinet full of reports on your doings. You may not have realized it, but I was keeping an eye on your from far away." "How reassuring," Severus remarked pulling back his arm and putting the badge back into his inner pocket. Though he attempted to stay unaffected the words caused a great emotional turmoil in him. On one hand, he absolutely loathed the idea that someone was spying on him, checking his background like he did with the criminals of the wizarding world. On the other hand however, it felt somewhat nice that his grandmother had paid attention to him all these years. "Now let us not quarrel," Cora said softly and made him sit next to her. Severus only raised an eyebrow. Potter would laugh at this. That man knew how Severus was when he quarrelled and this wasn't even near it. "You appreciate honesty, Severus, and I like your strong character, so I will not betray our first meeting with deceiving you. The reason you are here is very simple. I do not simply wish to welcome you back in the family. I want to make you my heir." Severus's heart missed a beat but he didn't let his face show his surprise. He stared at his grandmother, eyes narrowing, but kept quiet, knowing there was more to it, moreover an honour this big, must come with a price in the same value. Lady Cora went on, "I am old, Severus, very old. And I want to make sure Griffinstone will belong to someone who would appreciate it and not sell it to buy fancy brooms as the current heir would surely do. I need someone who would uphold the grace of this place, and continue to care for it." "And you think, I am the best person for this?" "No," she laughed. "But you are certainly far better than your cousin, Roger. I have two options. I could get him assassinated and let the estate fall into the hands of his brother, who I hate even more or name you my heir." "Assassinate?" Severus asked back with a raised eyebrow. "Is this how Purebloods handle their disputes nowadays?" "As you are an Auror," she smiled, "I can neither confirm nor deny that." "Ah." "I assure you, I do not want Cousin Roger dead, which is why you are here. Consider it, Severus. You can have all of this, the estate, the money, the name, the title, everything." "Surely you are not throwing all this on me out of good heart and remorse. Name your conditions, Cora." "You will need to marry and procreate." Severus laughed out loud. "I believe we already encountered our first problem." "We did not," Lady Cora said calmly. "I know you prefer men. And I do not have a problem with that, as long as you get married. And about the children. There are many options nowadays, Severus, surely you know. Maybe not too legal, but as long as you give me a grandchild, I do not care how." Severus couldn't quite believe what he was talking about with his grandmother on their first meeting. He knew his astonishment was clear in his face now, but he could not care. "You will partake in a former courtship, in which noble men will court you namelessly. By the end of the summer you will chose one of them, and get married. The moment you sign the papers and get bonded, your name will appear in my will, naming you as the sole heir of the Prince estate and everything that belongs to the name. You needn't move here as long as I am alive, but after my death, you and your husband and children too will live here and take care of the estate. I care not whether you continue with your job or not, but I expect you to think of Griffinstone as your home and tend to it accordingly after I am no longer alive," she stood gracefully. "These are my conditions, Severus. You will have one week to think about it and you may tell one person about our talk, no more. The Prince family has always been in the background and I would rather not have the spotlight on us during this rather extreme period. Carlson will send you all the papers you will need to look through to understand how much exactly your inheritance is." As if on cue, the butler came in holding a rather big pile of papers and parchments. Severus, understanding that his visit came to an end, stood up too. He walked to Lady Cora and kissed the back of her glove covered hand. "I will consider it. And it truly was an honour to finally meet you, Cora." He turned around, dark blue robes flaring around him and marched out, but his grandmother's voice stopped him at the door. "Tell me frankly, Severus, are you tempted?" Severus looked around the magnificent drawing room. He could see the beautiful garden through the high windows. "Who wouldn't be, Lady Cora?"