at least five minutes of silence Severus said, "I'll do it. I'll marry her and continue to try to find a cure." Then he turned to Ron. "You need to focus on finding the bastard, understand?" Then he got up and stormed out of the room before he could hear the expected protests. Besides, if this was going to happen he'd be the one to explain the situation to her. She deserved that much at the very least. " Professor," Hermione said with a smile as he entered her room. How she could smile, he didn't know, but she did and often. "Any news? Do I get to leave any time soon?" " You do, Miss Granger. But it's been decided that you need a legal guardian." He sat down in the chair next to her bed. " I'm sorry?" " Someone to help make decisions for you… in case." He didn't elaborate. She was smart enough to fill in the blanks. She stared across the room for a couple minutes before speaking. "I assume there's nothing like a Lasting Power of Attorney in the Wizarding World?" she asked, then bit her lip nervously. " I'm afraid not. You'll need a husband." Once again he didn't explain further, she was one of the most intelligent people he'd ever met, he knew she'd figure out the rest. " And since you're here explaining this to me and not Ronald, I can only assume…" " Miss Granger…" He paused and tried to force softness into his voice. "...will you marry me?" he asked with a very small smile, deciding she deserved at least one bit normalcy in this whole mess. Her eyes instantly filled with tears. She looked away and wiped the moisture from her cheeks then turned back and said, "It would be my honour, sir." He tried to ignore the defeat in her tone. Once he finally felt composed enough to enter the room, Severus needlessly checked his pockets once more for her potions, then knocked. "Come on in," she said quietly. She was propped up with a copy of Jane Eyre on her lap. "The boys finally leave?" she asked. "Indeed." "Thank Merlin." She put the book on the bedside table. "I love them, but they make me a little crazy. Their guilt is oppressive." He sat down in the chair left by her best friends. "I won't keep you, but I have your afternoon potions." He pulled the phials out of his pockets and handed them to her. One was the adapted version of the anticonvulsant that he'd developed, one was a muscle relaxer and the last was for pain. He'd seen the look on her face during the very short ceremony, he knew her head and chest were hurting her. She didn't need to tell him, this was his job now. She drank each one, without prompting, then gave the empty phials back to him. "You need sleep," he said. She didn't move, just stared at him. "Thank you," she said. "I won't have you thanking me every time I administer your medication, Miss Gran… Hermione. It will become very tedious very quickly." She shook her head. "No, I mean for this. For everything. For even trying." Instantly uncomfortable with her appreciation, Severus busied himself with putting the phials back into his pockets. "It's not necessary. I wasn't forced." "Your whole life has been one sacrifice after another. I don't blame you for being angry and bitter. Though you hardly seem that way anymore." He had no response, but still couldn't meet her eyes. "I want to be bitter," she admitted. "I was, for a while. And angry… just so angry that I survived everything else to die slowly and alone. But then I realised that I'm not alone, am I?" He looked up at her question. "I have the boys, in as much as I can have them. I have Molly and Arthur. Even if Mum and Dad are dead, the Weasleys love me like I'm their own, so does Minerva." She paused and drew a breath. "And I have you. You owe me nothing, Severus. If anything we owe you." "You don't owe…" "Oh shut it! Of course I do! You were retired and enjoying life for once. Then I had to go and get myself half killed. Now you're stuck nursing my sad arse. So just listen to me. I have one more thing to say, then I'm taking a very long nap." She took a deep breath. "Promise me that you won't spend the rest of your life alone. When all this is over and you have your life back. When I'm... gone or cured, more likely, because I do believe in you and your genius mind, please… try . I've gotten to know you recently and I find that you're not completely intolerable." The tired smirk on her lips told him she was trying to lighten the mood, albeit feebly. "Wife," he started, deciding to humour her. "what makes you think I'd ever find anyone else who could stand my company as well as you? You only do it because of your incapacitated state." Hermione laughed; it was a beautiful sound. "Gods, my husband is an intolerable git!" She smacked his leg. "Let me rest." She sat up and Severus immediately started removing pillows so that she could comfortably lie down. "This is not how I imagined my wedding night." "I should think not," he said as she turned her back to him. He pulled the duvet up, tucking her in as he wishing for nothing more than to find Yaxley and curse the wizard inside out. I know there are a few holes - how did she get cursed?, what happened to her parents? and whatnot - but they will be answered. Promise. Thank you so much for reading. Please drop me a line and let me know what you think. Constructive criticism is welcomed, but please be kind. Hugs. ~Lil~