a broom." "Oh," she said, then sighed deeply, her hand still at her mostly bare chest. "Continue." "I tripped on that very inconveniently placed table in front of the window on my way in and scraped my shin. I had only just paused on your bed long enough to ascertain the extent of my injury." He pulled up his pant leg to show her his bloody shin, and prove the truth in his statement. "Oh, my!" She dropped to the floor and silently Accio'd her wand. The piece of wood came flying to her raised hand from the bedside table. With a flick of her wrist and a muttered spell, the scrape was gone, as was the slight pain. She looked up at him from her place at his feet and smiled. "How's that?" "How's…" He tried to get his mind in order, but her scent was assailing him. Lilac was the strongest, of course, since she'd just come from the shower, but he could still smell parchment and ink and the lingering scent of ancient books. "Miss Gran… Hermione, I…" Dropping to his knees, he covered her bare shoulders with his large hands. "You ended it." She nodded. "Why?" "I couldn't let Ron be second. I'd rather be alone." "You really think that you love me?" "Please don't do this. I've had a bad day." She tried to pull away. "I don't even understand why you're here." "Do you love me, Hermione?" She was crying, but would not look at him. Tucking her head down, she spoke to the floor. "I didn't do it for you…" "I didn't ask that. Please, just answer the question." "I do," she whispered, her voice small and defeated. "You smell good," he said as he pulled her into his chest. She made a surprised squeak as he wrapped his arms around her back. "What..?" "You, Hermione Granger, smell exactly like you're supposed to smell." "I… I don't understand," she said as she clutched at his coat. He placed his hands on either side of her face and pulled back, looking into her eyes. "You smell like love." Kissing her forehead he said, "I won't have you be second either." He kissed her tear damp cheeks. "Second to no one." She sucked in a breath of air just before his lips met hers. Kissing Hermione felt like nothing he'd ever experienced. It was exciting and calming at the same time. It felt terrifyingly perfect like he'd been away from home for years only to return to a warm fire and his favourite book. As comforting as it was, it also ignited a fire in is veins propelling him towards feelings long dormant. Her lips were sweet and soft as he grazed them with his tongue only to have her part them obligingly, allowing him to slip into the warm, wet cavern and meet hers with fervour. The kiss continued until he pulled away in favour of trailing his lips down her neck, sucking little droplets of water left behind by her still wet hair. "Gods Severus! Wh- what changed?" she said, followed by a moan when he sucked on her pulse point. "Nothing, I just came to my senses," he whispered, then pulled back. "What kind of fool turns down a lovely, accomplished witch who claims to be in love with him?" he said, running his thumb over her bee-stung lips. "Besides, as I said, I like how you smell." He noticed that her towel was nearly falling off of her. Hermione giggled, then realisation bloomed on her face. "You're a Potion's Master." "I am," he said with a smirk. "Nothing gets past you." She narrowed her eyes. "Don't be a git." "But I'm so good at it." "Does this have something to do with a certain love potion?" she asked, moving out of his hold and adjusting her towel. The sight made Severus want to pout. He didn't, of course, but the feeling was there. "I would never give a witch a love potion. I'm offended…" "You know exactly what I'm talking about. And I'm getting up, my knees are killing me." A decision of which he was glad, his were starting to ache. He watched as she pulled a dressing gown off of the foot of her bed and slipped it on, letting the towel fall. Damn . "You want the truth?" She turned to him but didn't speak, she just walked over to her vanity and picked up a band to hold back her unruly hair. Looking at him in the mirror she said, "I do." He walked until he was standing directly behind her, his reflection easily seen just as was hers. "I didn't know it was you until I kissed your cheek the other day. It's been driving me mad ever since." "You're basing this decision solely on the scent of your Amortentia?" she asked. Gone was the look of awe on her pretty face. Now she seemed defiant and indignant. Oh, what a witch! She would challenge him for the rest of his days. "Of course not. You did make a sound argument in your letter." Her sideways smile made his heart thump and his trousers a bit less comfortable. "I'm an attorney, I'm good at making a point." "So I'm told." Finishing with her hair, she turned, looking up at him. "It used to smell like her." "For years. Even after her death," he answered honestly. "But now?" "Hermione…" "I just want to hear it," she said with fear and doubt in her eyes. "Now it smells like you. Lilacs, books, parchment and ink." He cupped her face. "It smells like my witch. That is if she'll have me." She jumped up from her seat, throwing her arms around his neck. "Oh, Severus!" she said, burying her face in his chest. "I'm yours." Thanks so much for reading. Please send me a review and let me know what you think! I love hearing from you all! ~Lil~