me, sitting in it so he could look at me in the face. "How long have you known you're Lord Voldemort's daughter? I trust I don't need to use Veritaserum on you, so please answer truthfully." Grandpa was furious by Professor Dumbledore's straightforwardness and was about to say something when Severus stopped him by holding his hand up, watching me all the while with intent. "Since my first year at Hogwarts," I said, sounding smoother than I felt. "It was within the first month. I was out at night and Professor Quirrell bumped into me on purpose and introduced me to dad." Professor Dumbledore inhaled a deep breath. "I didn't realize you knew for so long." "Even I don't understand how you didn't know... I kept wondering why you could see through my dad, but not me." He looked thoughtful. "Tell me everything that happened since then." I spilled everything that I never thought I would: about my first try at getting past the three-headed dog and trying to make it up to Severus after the dog bit him; about how in my second year my dad had told me to tell Lucius to put the diary in the school somehow – that I was consciously letting the Basilisk out throughout the year – and that I had ordered Dobby to try to keep Harry from Hogwarts with the knowledge it would go after him; about how I willingly helped Sirius in my third year, but my dad had wanted Peter Pettigrew, a.k.a. Wormtail, and so I sent him to Lord Voldemort before I lost consciousness from my concussion; about how I helped dad by finding the Flesh, Blood, and Bone Potion in the Restricted Section with Barty Crouch Jr. and made the potion using my strong magic to bring dad back to power. The more I spilled, to more I felt slightly better about it... only none of it was really helping me. "It all makes sense now..." Professor Dumbledore said in wonder. "But why have you been following orders from Lord Voldemort? You are so independent –" "I didn't understand why I did it at first… I first thought it was because of the idea that he is my real father." I looked him in the eyes, careful not to look away. "After a while it came to mind that Harry is the one who must defeat him. There is no defeating Lord Voldemort when he's hiding away, and the only way to get him out is if he returns to strength…. The rest, I figured, can be figured out as time goes along." Professor Dumbledore was awed. "Melody... have I ever told you how wonderfully brilliant you are?" Under any other circumstance, I think I would have blushed, but there I looked down at my hands with unease building up. "No... and I don't deserve being called brilliant. Just look at what my so-called brilliance has caused." Professor Dumbledore didn't reply to that, only glanced at Severus with a sad look on his face. Severus asked the next question, "How did you know he'd killed her?" "I have what Professor Trelawney would call 'The Sight.' At the end of my third year," I looked at Severus now, "when you and I went up to her room. She told me I would get it, and I did. Before the schools came last year, I went up to see her with Lissy so that I could stop having it… because it was bothering me. But, the best she could do was to put it in my dreams, which ended up giving Lissy the dreams, too. And so the two of us have been seeing things in our sleep since." Lissy stood off to the side, looking at me in a different light. I didn't like it. I wouldn't be surprised if she was traumatized for life seeing who'd just recently adopted her.. dead. Murdered. "How do you both see them?" Professor Dumbledore asked, looking curiously between the two of us. "I don't know, ask Professor Trelawney," I said, with a wave of my hand. "Thing is… she's only been seeing the ones where we're observing what's going on aroung us… the recent ones; the one where Harry was kidnapped and taken to Little Hangleton, and the one this morning with my mom…. They're from my dad's point of view, and only I have seen them." Severus looked at me, "And you never told me about this?" "At first it didn't seem important – and then I really wouldn't have been able to tell you what I was seeing, because then you would suspect something." Dumbledore nodded, and stood to look over everyone in the room. "It looks like we shall need some new plans for everyone here. While we won't be able to give more information about Orele's death due to Fudge's incomprehension about Voldemort's return, we can keep the rest of you safe long before he finally shows himself to the world." The silence was deafening. "If it's alright with everyone here…" he continued softly, picking up a piece of paper from the coffee table next to him. "I believe Orele left her will here…." My head snapped up, looking between the table to him. "You mean she knew she was going to be killed this morning?" I remember hearing her say 'I always knew that if I had to die, it would be by your hand.'… but, surely she didn't expect it so soon? Was that what she wanted for herself? "It would seem so…" he said, still as calm as ever while he read it, "everything is as I thought. Including what I had hoped to be the case for you." He looked up at Severus and me expectantly before continuing, "Lissy and Blake go to her parents, Nick stays with Jim - Gerald must offer his protective services to keep them safe - and she gives guardianship over Melody to Severus Snape as her godfather."