to do something crazy, stupid and rash, do you think they would think about my history even less?" asked Harry with an evil grin. "Probably with that logic yeah, they would think about it less" grinned the Irishman even though he knew Harry might do something that wasn't necessarily what Seamus though was a good idea. Harry stripped out of his robe and shirt and threw it at his crew. "Can you guys hold on to these till I see you next?" asked Harry tossing them his shoes too. "Sure mate" replied Seamus as many gasps were made by Harry's admirers. While Daphne had a scowl on her face...till she saw Harry's toned duelists body and she was momentarily stunned seeing that Harry liked to cover up his uncanny dueler and flyers body. Harry lifted up his hands and shouted "How do you like me now?" showing off and then cast a heating charm on his body before tucking his wand in his wand arm holster. "Now there is enough room for all of you!" Harry exclaimed and jumped into the lake, still hearing many wolf whistles by the females and Tonks male friends shouted "Yeah Potter!" "Don't take shit from no one!" "Harry you bad ass!" as they watched him take off like a torpedo Harry loved swimming and was quite the fast swimmer. He felt the presence of a giant squid that swam up next to to him. Harry wasn't afraid and gave the creature a rub. " Want to race? " asked Harry and the squid took off quickly followed by Harry. Seamus and the boys were all yelling for Harry to take the squid but it ended up being a tie even though Harry thought the squid wasn't really trying. When the two got to the boat arbor the squid wrapped a tentacle around Harry and then raised him out of the water and onto land. "Thanks for the race lets do that again some time" the squid made a screeching noise which Harry took as a " sure why not? " Shortly after the boats came in, Seamus and the other boys came over and gave Harry his clothes after Harry finished drying himself. "Harry!" shouted Hagrid. Uh Oh, I am in trouble. "That was great! I never seen any person keep up with the great squid in all mi life" Hagrid laughed and smiled as he gave Harry a pat on the back. The two had met several times before and had quite good talks about different creatures. "Hmmm... you should be in trouble for that" Daphne added and a worried looking Hermione nodded. "Well girls they are not even in their houses yet, so I don't think there is anything I can do" Hagrid replied giving a wink to the boys. "Thanks Hagrid" Harry smiled. "Come along all, up to the entrance" Hagrid called out. Harry, although he knew it was very immature, stuck his tongue out briefly so that only Daphne could see it before he moved along with his friends up the stairs to which he received a glare in turn from her. Hagrid left them in the Hogwarts entrance to wait for the Deputy Headmistress. Harry was talking with his new friends when he saw a platinum haired boy walk over, with two of what he could only describe as goons with him, and two other boys were with him as well. "That was quite a show back there" said the boy to Harry. Harry saw Ron grow a tad angry and cast an unnoticeable calming spell on Ron who eased up and remained quiet. "Draco Malfoy" the boy greeted him with an outstretched hand. Sirius had already warned Harry about his little blonde nephew and Harry decided to quickly make him an ally regardless of his feeling towards the boys father. It would save him trouble and what was the expression 'keep your friends close and your enemies closer.' "Harry Potter. Pleasure to meet you" Harry replied shaking his hand with Malfoy. "I have of course heard a lot about you" Draco added. "Same here. To my understanding I am not the only one whose parent's got them a broom before their wand" Draco didn't see the conversation swinging that way but gladly replied "Yep" he smirked "there is something about flying that makes you feel soo..." he was about to say higher than everyone else, but Harry cut him off. "So free?" Harry put in causing Draco to rethink again and when he did he knew Harry was right. "Yeah, it really does make you feel free. Oh and were are my manners this is Crabbe, Goyle, Theo, and Blaise" "Seamus, Ron, Neville and Dean" Harry waved showing his friends Draco was about to ask something when the Headmistress walked in. "Alright that's enough chatter Mr. Malfoy and Mr. Potter" "How'd you..." the two started. "I can tell that hair from a mile away. Signature platinum blonde perfectly combed and unkempt jet black hair just like your fathers" the two looked at each other and sniggered at what they both took to be compliments. Harry lowered his head muttering "I try but it never stays down" Draco smiled at this and slipped Harry a vial of what looked to be a hair product. Harry gave quizzical look back at Draco. "If it doesn't work give it back, but it works for me" Harry smiled and gave a nod of thanks. McGonagall then had them file in to be sorted into the house that may just alter their very futures. End of Chapter 1 This is just a trailer. Full story is on AO3. FYI the years and ages are not compliant or canon. Think of them as whatever age you prefer, but I like to aim for an age older than 13. This is not a story of kids growing up to be teenagers but more like teenagers growing up to be adults. message with any questions. LJAG