slashed the air sending a barricade of colorful spells towards Bellatrix's direction. The dark witch easily blocked and dodged every one of their spells with her foot work and quick flicks of her wand, while skillfully holding the end of the whip which was still strangling Scabior slowly to death. Hermione watched as Scabior's eyes started bulging from his sockets. While all the fighting was taking place, Hermione took her moment to grab the wand the Rick hid in her jeans. She held it firmly in one hand, while whispering a quick spell that dropped her hand ties away. Scabior wheezed and fought helplessly against the whip and he watched her in horror though budging eyes as she unsilenced herself with Rick's wand. The snatchers continued to throw every spell they could at Bellatrix who was easily defending herself against all seven of the men. Bellatrix heard her sister's piercing scream over the chaos and flickered her eyes over to see Greyback ripping the throat out of Lucius with his teeth. The wizard lay on the ballroom floor twitching uncontrollably under the werewolf. "CRUCIO!" a snatcher cried at Narcissa, who screeched in pain as she fell on her back on the cold marble floor, her limbs twisted in odd unnatural angles the curse rippled through her body violently. Bellatrix screamed in fury, dropping her grasp on the whip while she blasted the man cursing her sister across the spell was so powerful he flew across the room like a ragdoll and Scabior quickly pulled off the whip and began gasping hungrily for air. Hermione had her chance, a chance to make him suffer under her wrath, revenge for what he had done to her. Yet she was frozen in place, Hermione simply stared at the spluttering man before her. Another scream echoed bounced off the walls of the ballroom making her flinch. Bellatrix's rage against the snatchers was unmatched as she slashed her wand threw the air causing them to wither and cry out in pain. A couple of snatchers caught fire and screeched around the room trying desperately to put the fiendfyre that burned through their skin. Hermione watched Bellatrix in awe as the acrostic featured women danced around the room in her element. Another snatcher squealed an animistic scream as he grabbed his face which was starting to melt through his fingers. He toppled face first into the ground where he lay next to rest with the other fallen snatchers. A loud sickening snap was heard in the room causing Hermione to shudder as she looked up in time to see Rick fall to the ground. Hermione breath caught in her lungs as the saw the light in Ricks eyes disappear. "STOP!" Fenrir growled loudly at Bellatrix. Bellatrix spun around to see Greyback holding a scared, pale Narcissa. He held her by the hair yanking her head roughly backward. He grinned hungrily as the blood from Lucius dripped from his fangs down her smooth neck "Stop or I'll rip the throat out of your sweet sister" he growled and Narcissa flinched in fear. Bellatrix shook in rage her wand was pointed firmly towards him and her knuckles had turned white gripping her wand. "Easy, Bella… You wouldn't want your pretty little sister turning into a monster like me, now would you hmm…? Drop your wand." "DROP IT NOW!" He shouted making Narcissa let out a small whimper. Bellatrix snarled at Fenrir and threw her wand angrily to the floor near her feet. "Scabior grab her wand." Scabior was still trying to regain his composure from being almost strangled to death. Greyback snarled and opened his jaw wider to bite down on Narcissa's pale skin and Hermione acted on pure adrenaline spotting her chance, she shot a stunning spell which struck gold hitting a bewildered Greyback between the eyes knocking him backwards. Bellatrix spun around to see an angry looking Hermione staring at Scabior who was still beside her gasping on all fours. Before anyone could move, Hermione launched herself on top of Scabior, she slammed her fists violently into his face and not stopping even when all the bones in his face were broken and her own hands ached. A pool of blood gathered on the floor surrounding his head. With each punch her heart and head felt like a weight had been lifted off them. Hermione's eyes streamed down her cheeks as her body began to weaken again. A pair of strong arms grabbed her from behind pulling her off Scabior's body and Hermione's gaze was still locked on the man she loathed. Bellatrix came into her view, her features lacked their usual bite or smirk, and instead she showed a strange interest in the Gryffindor before her. Bellatrix picked up the wand which Hermione had dropped near Scabior's body and twirled in her fingers keeping her dark orbs locked on honey brown. Bellatrix stepped over the snatchers body and walked slowly towards her. Hermione didn't even flinch due to sheer exhaustion when Bellatrix approached her. The dark with lent down and Hermione felt a firm hand on her chin tilting her face upwards to stare deeper into the witch's eyes. Bellatrix let go of her face and handed her Ricks wand and Hermione brought a weak shaking hand up to claim it. "You know the spell." Bellatrix whispered seductively towards her and she moved behind her to lift her gently to a standing position. Hermione shuddered upon feeling the dark with so close to her, so close she could smell her, it soothed her. Hermione took in a deep breath in and clenched her hand tightly on Rick's old wand. Her eyes looked upon Scabior's broken bloodied face and felt pure hatred towards him. A bright green erupted from behind her striking Scabior in the chest, killing him instantly. Hermione exhaled her breath as she felt her knees buckle from under her, she didn't feel the hard marble ground break her fall, only strong feminine hands.