place to look once more into her eyes. He looked uncertain, almost scared. He had been hurt so much in his life, been through so much, nothing good had ever come easily to him and this had been no exception. But still this seemed almost too easy to him. He was beginning to pull away when she made up her mind and before he could an inch she had placed her inexperienced lips against his. It was clumsy and short but it left her even more breathless than before and when she opened her eyes he was still there, staring down at her in awed disbelief. And then he was kissing her again, arms around her and hands buried deeply in her hair. She had expected him to fumble, to be nervous like he was with anything 'girl' related but he wasn't. The quiet power that he seemed to emanate made an unexpected appearance and what followed held them silent for what felt like hours. She couldn't get close enough, the feelings building inside her seeming to demand as much contact with him as possible. Harry must have felt the same way because it was only seconds later that she felt the cold stones walls of the owlery pressed against her back as he pushed for more contact. His fingers left her hair and sought skin, any skin that was available to him and whatever he was doing with his lips caused the last of her already foggy thoughts to cease. She was just wrapping her leg around his hip when a loud cough brought them back to earth. Hermione froze mortified to be caught in such a position, she buried her face in Harry's shoulder hoping that whoever it was would ignore her existence until she could pull herself together. Harry however seemed to find this amusing and chuckling all the while he turned towards the door. "Professor Dumbledore" Harry spoke just Hermione had managed to get her color down causing her to start blushing all over again. It just had to be the Headmaster didn't it? "Sorry to interrupt this... ahh meeting but we need to discuss what is happening with young Ginevra." She was sure she heard a note of amusement in his voice as Dumbledore spoke heightening her embarrassment even further. His words had a very different effect on Harry. He immediately tensed up and tightened his hold on her as though afraid of having to let go. "Hermione may come too. I believe she may have some information on the matter that would be pertinent to tell the Minister." He smiled understandingly at the two of them before turning to leave, clearing meaning for them to follow. "Scrimgeour is here, sir?" Her curiosity finally overcame her humiliation as she followed them back toward the castle, her hand firmly placed within Harry's. It was three extremely busy days later that Ginny was sent to Azkaban. No amount of pleading (even on the part of Dumbledore himself) changed the anger that the wizarding society as a whole felt about what she had done to the Chosen One. Even after Harry himself asked for leniency for the sake of her true soulmate it was refused. Lying about the mark and deceiving someone's other half was not taken lightly. Draco Malfoy was granted visitation but it was no surprise to anyone that he refused, to have you love, love another was one thing but to leave your own soulmate for someone who was not, was a true curse. It was heard many years later that he had found another unlucky as he and that he lived out his days in France. The Weasley Family was devastated though they could not condone her behavior and though it saddened them all they did not argue her sentence. Emotions were a powerful thing among wizards and what she had done could very well have turned their only hope against them and started another war outside the one they were already fighting. Some of their greatest wars were caused by love stolen and the only reason the current one had not yet come to a head was that none of the casualties had partners. A small miracle. The outcry within Hogwarts was equally loud and it wasn't long before new measures were put in place to stop a reoccurrence of this behavior. Each new couple was to speak to a professor and verify each mark beyond dispute. It was with great relief that the students one by one discovered that there hadn't been anymore lies told regarding this thing that was so close to their hearts. "Hermione.. Hermione." Someone was tapping on her shoulder and a familiar voice was whispering in her ear but she was so comfortable and warm she simply did not want to move. "Five more minutes.." She turned her face deeper into the warmth only to feel it shake with suppressed laughter. "Hermione, you'll make us late for the train." That caught her attention. She bolted upright and began to search the room for her things. Today was their first day back at Hogwarts, having chosen to return for their seventh year (a year late) now that the war was over. "Why didn't you just say so?!" She scuttled about pulling on clothes and tossing things into their respective trunks as she went. "I was waiting for the fog to clear." She turned to find Harry still lazing in their bed wearing only an amused grin. He took her breathe away. It had been like that right from the start, no matter what he did he always amazed her and for some reason he loved her (mark or no mark). He had proven to her that there was reason behind it all, that sometimes magic knew better than they did and that people really did have someone to complete them. Because he did... It turns out that they were late for the train.. but it wasn't completely her fault.