somewhere to stay – but I think somewhere away from people right now would be best – I think I know where we could go – if we can find them." "Yes, Sir!" Dobby said seriously as he carefully took Harry's arm and hand and in a crack of sound they disappeared before Harry had a chance to tell Dobby where he wanted to go. It was quick thinking for Dobby that he chose to wait for a destination elsewhere and take Harry straightaway as he sensed them coming. Dobby didn't want them to bother his knew master, so took the initiative. "Oh Merlin…?" Hermione Granger gasped out as she apparated into the backyard of Harry Potter's house with several members of the Order of the Phoenix as the wards had collapsed – allowing them to get there – so close – fast. "Shit, Hermione…" The lanky ginger boy (Ronald Weasley – her boyfriend) next to her decided that the burning house deserved some sturdier language. "There's magic in the flames." Mad-Eye Moody growled out coldly as he clomped a little closer on his peg-leg. He was dressed in a large brown leather coat while the others wore their everyday robes. Moody's right eyes was attached to straps and span around crazily in his eye socket. He looked every which way; even through the back of his own skull. "Potter's not here," Moody growled out. "T-the Death Eaters?" Nymphadora Tonks said from behind. She sounded subdued and though she still looked nice her normally vibrant and bright hair was a dull and normal brown, and short, looking much too normal for a shapeshifting young woman with her previous fun spirit. "No Dark Mark," Moody said pointing to the sky. "But I suppose it still could have been. Potter's a sneaky one. Could have gotten away." "Or he could have caused this." They were interrupted by a large British-Jamaican Auror who also worked for the Order of the Phoenix. Kingsley Shacklebolt. Or what was left of the Order since Dumbledore's death. "Harry doesn't know fire magic," Hermione said while scowling. "He barely knows how to conjure water." "Well something happened to him, right?" Ron said. They all stared at him. "Well he's not here lying on the grass waiting for us to help him out," he added with an uncomfortable shrug. "And the Muggles have started putting out the fire," Moody said as he used his magical eye to see the Fire Fighters with huge hoses the other side of the house. "We should get out of here before they see us." "B-but we have to find Harry," Hermione said. This time she sounded a little concerned. "What if he was dazed and wandered off. And he's now curled up battered and bleeding in a ditch somewhere? Harry is accident prone. And he gets hurt so much that I don't think he's fought anyone without injury before." "We should hurry so we can look for him," Tonks said quickly before looking up at the burning house, but Moody interrupted before she could ask. "Only three bodies," Moody said quietly. "None of them him. If they burned any longer I wouldn't be able to tell." "Let's go," Kingsley said. The others nodded and a moment later they were gone. At the Burrow; the home of the Weasley's: a cute and slender crimson haired girl was moping around the house still wearing the clothes from the day before when she heard about Harry disappearing. Ginny was worried sick and was paler than she ever had been. Her eyes were red from crying. She knew she should have fought him about his stupid noble breaking up with her to protect her bull-shit. Like any of the Death Eaters would care that they broke up? Harry already didn't seem alright sometimes. He could sometimes do some neat magic and then he can't get so many simple spells right. But she trusted to know that he could find his way; and if he didn't she would have to snog him onto the right path – or she could think of something else. Ginny smiled a little and felt her cheeks light up. "Please be okay," Ginny muttered under her breath. Entering her private sanctum away from all the chaos of Harry going missing and Fleur and Bill's wedding. In other words, her bedroom she felt a bit of relief. However, Ginny was startled as something seemed off. She looked around in confusion. She couldn't quite put her mind on what felt off. Ginny's bed was unmade and a mess. She had clothes on the floor. Gabrielle, Fleur's little sisters camp bed was to the other side neatly made except for the dirty laundry as Ginny found a fellow mess-maker. Ginny was pleased that she and Gabby got along so well and could have some fun together. Ginny was thankful that Gabby roomed with her rather than Hermione. It was bad enough that the nagging nerd would have to stay the day and night before the wedding. And Gabby was a great comfort to Ginny that night when she was so upset over Harry while Hermione would have been annoying. Looking at her desk Ginny finally saw what was missing. Or she should say what shouldn't have been there. Ginny closed and locked the door behind her as she sat at the chair by her desk and picked up the white piece of card with caution. The back was engraved with waved flames. Flipping the post card, it was almost blank, except for a few words in azure blue ink: addressed to Ginny. Ginny, I am the Impossible. You are my Improbable. -Harry xoxox Ginny felt tears prickling at her brown eyes as a wide grin spread to her lips and she laughed. "My Impossible," Ginny whispered while holding the card close to her chest as her heart pounded against the inside of her ribs with a pain she loved to stomach, for him. For her Impossible.