away completely and started to walk away. "Thank you," he whispered just before Voldemort disappeared through the wall. Harry was unsure if the whispered "You're welcome," he heard was more than a figment of his imagination. In what seemed no time at all, Teddy was crawling all over the place. The childish laughter and baby babbling brought life into Harry's cage. Sometimes, Harry couldn't help but feel thankful that Voldemort had brought Teddy to him. In those days, Harry hated himself and fell asleep wishing Teddy could experience the outside world. "Please," he whispered on one of those days, holding Teddy close. "He's just a baby. He needs to be outside, he needs more than to be locked up in a cage. Please…" Harry fell asleep to the sound of Teddy's soft breathing, knowing that his pleas would never be answered. When he woke up the next morning, he went through the usual morning routine with Teddy, listening to the happy babbling. He walked by it twice, before he noticed the door. He froze, staring at it uncomprehendingly. Then, with a shaking hand, he reached for it. He turned the handle, and his breath hitched as the door slowly opened. He closed his tear-filled eyes as a fresh morning breeze touched his skin. Teddy squealed, clapping his hands, and Harry opened his eyes, grinning down at Teddy. "Wanna go outside, Teddy?" Teddy clapped again, and Harry took that as a yes. Harry stepped onto the balcony, laughing as he felt the sun on his skin. He went down the small staircase that lead to the beautiful garden he had seen every day from the windows of his room. Harry almost flinched when his feet made contact with the fresh grass. He walked further in, then sat on a nice sunny patch, placing Teddy on the ground. Teddy froze for a moment, wide-eyed, then he squealed happily, and he turned green from head to toe. Harry laughed, savoring the sun kissing his skin, and watching Teddy discovering that the world was so much more than those four walls that kept them caged. Harry woke to happy giggling and babbling. He smiled, before stretching and getting up from his bed, only to freeze when he saw Voldemort sitting on the couch with Teddy on his lap. Harry's heart skipped an uncomfortable beat, then started racing like crazy. Teddy, noticing that Voldemort's attention was elsewhere, stopped babbling at the Dark Lord and looked around. Upon seeing Harry up and awake, he held up his hands. "Ba! Ba da!" Slowly, afraid in a way he hadn't been in a long time, Harry made his way towards the Dark Lord. He took Teddy from the Dark Lord, hands shaking slightly. Teddy latched onto his hair immediately—he really needed to get it trimmed, it was way past his shoulders by this point. Slowly, Voldemort stood, and Harry looked up at him. He had never before realized just how much taller than him Voldemort was. Voldemort reached into one of his pockets, and Harry had to stop himself from flinching. He stared at the brightly wrapped gift Voldemort took out of his pocket. Voldemort held it out to him, but Harry could do nothing but look at it uncomprehending. "It is the child's birthday," Voldemort said, still holding out the gift. Birthday? Teddy's birthday? Harry's eyes widened before he smiled down at Teddy. "You hear that, love?" he asked, tickling Teddy softly. "It's your birthday!" He took the gift, glancing at Voldemort from the corner of his eye. He held it out for Teddy, who squealed and latched onto it. Teddy seemed more fascinated with the wrapping paper than with the gift itself, turning his hair every color present on the paper. Harry sat down on the floor with him, helping him open his present. Harry couldn't stop himself from laughing at the colorful snake plushie. Teddy zeroed in on it immediately upon seeing it, babbling excitedly as he squeezed it to his tiny chest. Voldemort stepped closer, and Harry only tensed for a moment when those long, thin fingers carded through his long hair. He had been expecting pain at the touch, his eyes widened when such didn't happen. "Have a nice day, little treasure." Harry remained seated on his spot, frozen, long after Voldemort had left the room. After that day, there was always some sort of new toy appearing in the room for Teddy. Teddy's absolute favorite though was the tiny child-broom. Harry loved it as well and spent long days out in the garden chasing Teddy around on it. Voldemort also became a more frequent guest. From what Harry guessed, Voldemort would come at least once a week. They hardly talked, Voldemort mostly sitting on the couch reading while Harry played around with Teddy. However, maybe a month or so later, when Teddy took his naps, Voldemort would lay down his book and talk with him. Harry would never admit it, but he treasured those moments. He might love Teddy with all his heart, but he missed interacting with people, he missed not being alone. Voldemort, for all his bigoted views and murderous ways, was an engaging conversationalist. He was witty and intelligent and explained magical concepts in such a way that had Harry understanding it with an easy he never had before. It took him a while to accept it, but Harry looked forward to those days with an eagerness that made him feel undeniably guilty. "Happy birthday, little treasure." Harry smiled at Voldemort, putting Teddy on the floor. "Thank you." Voldemort held out his hand, and without hesitation Harry took it. Slowly, giving Harry time to pull away, Voldemort leaned in and sealed their lips in a tender kiss. Harry moaned into the kiss, and Voldemort pulled away with a smirk gracing his lips. " I have been waiting for this, my little Horcrux, " Voldemort hissed. " You're mine. " Harry let himself be pulled into another kiss, finally surrendering.