sure it was because her body and her magic knew she had a soulmate and she was betraying them. But his kiss made her feel safe and warm. She knew that if he truly didn't care, he would push her far away. Yet to her surprise and joy, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close and it was she who had to end the kiss. "If there is nothing between us, why are you holding me so close?" Hermione teased softly. Severus gave a rare half smile. "Fine, witch. You win. This time." Twelfth Year "Severus, you do realize that people are going to have to come to the wedding. The secrecy is going to have to end. No matter how hilarious the guesses are in the prophet." "I don't know why there needs to be a wedding announcement. It seems a silly outdated idea," Severus grumbled. "Besides, it's sure to lead to nothing but negativity from the prophet." "I don't particularly care what that paper has to say. It's gotten better, but until Kingsley finishes reforming everything, which will take years, I refuse to take it as a credible source. But to answer your question, because my mum and dad want to share their excitement with the world." Severus shot her a glare before going back to the papers in front of him. Winter break and she barely managed to convince him to spend some time at home since he was given the choice. "Severus, four years of nobody except friends and family knowing is pretty lucky. But we can't keep it up. Between the wedding, the fact that my last name will be changing, and children, it's going to get out. Wouldn't you rather it come out in a tasteful manner with caring words? Or in a gossipy manner that takes into question how you must have imperiused me and how I am clearly continuing my streak of seducing men in places of power to further my agenda." "You? Hermione Granger needs men to further her agenda?" "Only if you ask Rita Skeeter. She is so convinced that I'm a lose woman who only goes after powerful men to keep myself in the spotlight and rise even further." Severus scoffed at her comments as she sat on the edge of his desk. "Severus, in all seriousness, what is the harm? I personally am sick of the secrecy. I want to be able to walk out in the wizarding public with you. I want to be able to go out with worrying if I'm being followed, and when I am, you brushing me off. What is the worst that is going to happen?" "You could lose your job. I could lose mine. We could be stalked. You could be ridiculed." "Always the cynical pessimist," she teased. "For one thing, I won't lose my job. Kingsley himself has assured me that he would defend my character. Two, you won't lose your job. Minerva wouldn't be that nice to you. Three, even with those, we wouldn't lose our jobs because everyone knows that you can't control your soulmate. You can't control who they are, when or where or how you meet them. In order to be ridiculed, I would have to be embarrassed, and I'm simply not. It won't happen. And no one is stupid enough to stalk either of us." "You have an answer for everything, don't you?" he grumbled. "Of course, I do. I'm not going to argue with my fiancée without proper preparation." "Fine, if it means that you'll leave me alone to grade, go ahead." Fifteenth Year Hermione smiled as she watched her husband lay their year-old son in his crib, sleeping peacefully. She laughed as she remembered him being angered, and then terrified of the idea of being a father. She remembered all the crap Ron spewed about how she'd better be prepared to just leave the ministry and stay home because Severus would be rubbish at the dad thing. And yet, he seemed comfortable in his role. And he was there always, supportive and loving. "You coming to bed?" she whispered softly. He walked out and closed the door behind them softly. "If you had woken him, I would have cursed you witch." She giggled a little, covering her mouth with her hand and followed him to their bedroom. As he began to dress for bed, she crawled under the covers. As soon as he was under the covers, she curled up next to him. He'd given up protesting it a year after getting married. And though he'd deny it if asked, she woke up more than once to him holding her in his sleep or in the early mornings. "So, remember the other day when you were commenting on how you were sick of tripping over our books and his toys?" she started softly. "And how you think we need to move out of this abysmal house? And I said I didn't want to?" "Yes, and I still think we need to. This house is far too small," he replied matter-of-factly. "Well, I've changed my mind." He shifted and looked at her with a raised eyebrow. "Are you actually not arguing with me stubbornly on something? What going on?" "Nothing. I've just given it more thought and realized that you are right. We both buy books like crazy. We need more shelf space. And it's not fair that you lost your study for Klaus." "Are you attempting to try reverse psychology on me?" "No. I really want to go look at some of those houses you were talking about. I swear it." "Hermione, what is going on?" he asked sternly. "Nothing." "Hermione." "Why are you fighting your wife agreeing with you?" "Because I get the sense you're hiding something." "Well I'm not." He pulled her close. "Fine, I'll call an agent tomorrow." "Good," she said, snuggling close. After a moment of silence had passed she added, "By the way, I'm pregnant."