Dumbledore said warningly and Moody fell silent. Karkaroff's face was a bright red, anger coursing through him. 'How this situation arose, we do not know,' Dumbledore said. 'It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. Cedric, Harry, Amoret and Arcturus have been chosen to compete in the Tournament. This, therefore, they will do …' Bellariese's eyes widened. 'Sir,' she muttered, but her voice fell, shock running through her. 'Ah, but Dumbly-dorr—' Madam Maxime put it. 'My dear Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear it. And Earl Black, you know the consequences of creating a magical contract—do you not?' Bellariese closed her eyes, as her hand trailed to her right wrist, to where a silver bracelet lay. Madame Maxime glared at Dumbledore, but she wasn't the only one who was angry at the Hogwarts Headmaster. Snape was furious; Karkaroff looked livid; Bellariese ground her teeth; Bagman, however, looked rather excited. Bellariese frowned. Of course, he would, he thought everything was a game. 'Well, shall we crack on, then?' Bagman said, rubbing his hands together and smiling around the room. 'Got to give our champions their instructions, haven't we? Barty, want to do the honours?' Crouch looked up startled. 'Yes,' he said, startled, 'instructions. Yes … the first task …' He moved forward into the firelight and Bellariese realised he looked ill. She hadn't seen it before because her anger was blinding everything she saw, but up close, she saw the black bags that lined his eyes and suddenly realised how thin and waxy his skin looked. He didn't look healthy. 'The first task is designed to test your daring,' he told Harry, Cedric, Fleur, Viktor, Amoret and Arcturus, 'so we are not going to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is an important quality in a wizard … very important. The first task will take place on November the twenty-fourth, in front of the other students and the panel of judges. The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teachers to complete the tasks in the tournament. The champions will face the first challenge armed only with their wands. They will receive information about the second task when the first is over. Owing to the demanding and time-consuming nature of the tournament, the champions are exempted from end-of-year tests.' Bellariese closed her eyes. The rules were stuck and she couldn't help her wards. Amoret hugged her tighter as Crouch turned to Dumbledore. 'I think that's all, is it, Albus?' 'I think so,' said Dumbledore, who was looking at Crouch with mild concern. 'Are you sure you wouldn't like to stay at Hogwarts tonight, Barty?' 'No, Dumbledore, I must get back to the Ministry,' said Crouch, sounding flustered. 'It is a very busy, very difficult time at the moment … I've left young Weatherby in charge … Very enthusiastic … a little overenthusiastic, if truth be told …' 'You'll come and have a drink before you go, at least?' said Dumbledore. 'Come on, Barry, I'm staying!' said Bagman brightly. 'It's all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, much more exciting here than at the office!/ 'I think not, Ludo,' said Crouch, gruffly. 'Professor Karkaroff—Madame Maxime—Earl Black—a nightcap?' said Dumbledore. But Madame Maxime had strung her arm around Fleur's shoulders and was leading her away. As they past Belfries she noticed that they were talking in French. She only caught a few whips of their conversation, before Karkaroff and Krum hurried out of the room. Bellariese, her wards, Harry and Cedric Diggory were the only ones who stayed. 'Harry, I suggest you go up to bed,' Dumbledore said, smiling. 'I am sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with you, and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise.' Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and they left together. But as they approached the exit, Madam Hooch suddenly ran into the room, waving another piece of parchment above her head. 'Professor!' she cried, zooming around Harry and Cedric like an out of control broom. 'Albus!' 'What is it Rolanda?' Dumbledore asked as the Hufflepuff and the Gryffindor left, the remaining teachers following in pursuit. Madam Hooch slowed to a stop. 'It just came alive again!' she cried flustered, handing him the parchment. 'As we were packing it up—it just—the Goblet—' But Dumbledore ignored her as his eyes settled on the parchment before him. Something dimmed in his eyes, and his gaze hardened as he looked up at Bellariese. Quickly, the witch sent her wards away, informing them that she would find them later. As Arcturus and Amoret left, curiosity lining their eyes, Dumbledore indicated for Bellariese to approach him. The witch quickly obliged. She stared at Dumbledore curious as to why he was so frightened and after a moment's hesitation, he handed her the parchment. Part of Bellariese breathed a sigh of relief when she discovered it was not her name on the parchment, while the other half of her began to shake in her boots. Professor Dumbledore said nothing as he pressed his hand to Bellariese's shoulder as heart-wrenching gasps escaped her lips and the mask that she had worn nearly all her life slipped off. Written in a clean, neat handwriting sat a name she hoped she would never see or hear again, and yet, Bellariese knew she had seen it before. 'It's starting,' she whispered to Dumbledore who stared at her. 'My visions—they're beginning to come true ... again.' 'What do you mean?' Dumbledore asked, frowning. Bellariese licked her lips. 'I mean sir, that the final battle has just begun,' Bellariese closed the parchment, her body shaking—it seemed that Amoret would finally meet her mother after all, for the name written on the parchment was the woman's true name, the name that people did not know: Amaranth Peverell