gentle squeeze. 'Look!' Albus said excitedly, oblivious to the entire exchange, 'I can see Hogwarts!' The castle loomed into view above them. Lights from the windows sparkled coldly against the dark sky and Scorpius shivered and felt very small. He thought longingly of his own bed in back in his house in London, where his dad would sit and tell him bedtime stories, in spite of his protestations that he was too old. He wondered what his parents were doing right now. 'It's so huge!' Albus breathed. He turned to face Scorpius and Rose and his eyes blazed with an enthusiasm that seemed to warm Scorpius right down to his toes. He could do this. This was Hogwarts! He'd been excited about this for as long as he could remember. He wasn't going to ruin it by crying over missing his parents like some little kid. Albus grabbed both of their hands again once they got out of the boats, and Scorpius thought maybe he wasn't the only person who was a bit nervous. The large front doors were opened by a kind-looking wizard in slightly grubby robes and large, muddy boots. He smiled warmly at them. 'Hi, Neville!' Rose said brightly. 'Hello, Rose, Albus.' He gestured them all to follow him inside. 'I'm Professor Longbottom and I'm the Head of Gryffindor House. Your Sorting will take place soon, but in the meantime I'll ask you to wait through here.' He led them into a small chamber, just off the Entrance Hall. Neville Longbottom. So this was one of the great war heroes Scorpius had read and heard so much about. He tried to reconcile this kindly-looking man with gentle, blue eyes and a smear of dirt on his cheek to his image of the fierce Gryffindor warrior who had sliced off the head of Voldemort's snake. Something didn't quite add up. Professor Longbottom quickly summarised the different Houses and the system of points that could be awarded or deducted. 'Don't worry too much about your Sorting,' he said, glancing around at their nervous faces, 'It's nothing scary. You just pop on a hat and it will decide where you belong. Easy!' Easy for him to say , Scorpius thought bitterly. He wasn't about to try and defy a thousand years' worth of Malfoy history. He looked at Rose. She was fiddling with her wand, spinning it round and round in her hands, but her face was calm. Albus was biting his lip. Scorpius tried to think of something to say to break the anxious silence, but his mind came up blank. Before long they trooped into the enormous Great Hall, and Scorpius found himself momentarily distracted from his upcoming doom as he stared in awe at the incredible ceiling. Living in London, he didn't get to see the stars properly very often. Sometimes when they visited his grandparents at Malfoy Manor, he and his mum would lie outside on the lawn in the evening and she would point out the different constellations until his dad came out to find them cold and shivering and dragged them inside to warm up by the fire. Even that could not have prepared him for this, however. He hadn't known so many stars even existed . It was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen, and he stared upwards and forgot to walk, until Rose bumped into him from behind and hissed at him to keep his eyes ahead and look where he was going. The little reminder of his mum made her feel not quite so far away, and gave him the courage to march up to the front of the Hall, ignoring all the eyes on him. After a song from the Sorting Hat, which Scorpius was too nervous to hear a word of, Professor Longbottom began to call out names, in alphabetical order. Before long— 'Granger-Weasley, Rose!' Rose strode confidently to the stool and sat down. Just before the hat was placed on her head, she caught Scorpius' eye and he gave her a thumbs up. She smiled weakly, then closed her eyes. There was a second of silence, then the hat yelled 'RAVENCLAW!' Rose removed the hat from her head, handed it to Professor Longbottom, who said something quietly to her, and made her way to the Ravenclaw table. A couple of other students who had already been sorted moved up to make room for her, and an older, red-haired student leaned over to congratulate her. Her cousin Fred, maybe? It suddenly occurred to Scorpius that he was going to be sorted before Albus. He wasn't sure how he felt about that. He doubted he'd make it into Ravenclaw, so getting into the same house as Albus was his best chance of getting to stay friends with them. 'Malfoy, Scorpius!' Scorpius looked up, startled. How had his turn come round so quickly? Albus gave him a quick smile and nudged him in the direction of the stool. Scorpius focused very hard on not tripping as he walked up to the front. Maybe he was being paranoid, but he was sure there had been an outbreak of muttering when his name was called. The faces gazing up at him definitely didn't look as friendly as they had earlier. He sat down, screwed his eyes shut, and felt the Sorting Hat slip down over his ears. Hmmm … another Malfoy—' the Hat began. No! Scorpius thought fiercely. Don't you dare put me in Slytherin just because I'm a Malfoy. You've got no right to judge me just on my name. I've got as much right as anyone else to have the chance to go somewhere else. Well, said the Hat, and Scorpius thought it sounded amused. Could a hat be amused? There's only one thing to be done with someone who's got the nerve to think they can tell me how to do my job, and to try and change centuries of tradition. Scorpius' heart sank. Has to be … 'GRYFFINDOR!'