always simpering around Billy Stubbs and his sidekick Eric Whalley. Tom wouldn't be surprised if she'd done any 'special favours' for them to earn their esteem or leniency. It was a common trait amongst the older girls to fornicate with male workers and other orphans for their gain. He'd even heard rumours of some having been paid for their services to sailors from the Royal Navy that had passed through town. Looking at the new girl, he thought it seemed unlikely for her to become some such girl. After all she was a rich orphan - something practically unheard of in this place. Tom pondered just how long it would be until some money sniffing adoptive parents came and took her away. Just then her eyes met his and instantly their hypnotic honeyed glaze drew all thoughts from his head. For a moment Tom just gaped at her - facial muscles controlled as always - but she didn't seem too perturbed by his staring, and for all he knew she didn't know just how long he'd been watching her. It gave him time to study her face and he was taken aback at how oddly drawn he was to the perfect 'O' shape her lips had made in surprise. Suddenly a thought entered his mind. Smile at her, it said. It was strange, yet again, the effect this girl was having on him. But nonetheless he complied, shooting her a small, slanted smile - somewhat difficult for him to achieve as he was unused to it. He wasn't prepared for the blush he saw creeping up the base of her neck, instead he tried hard to push away the strange pull he felt for the second time that day. Finally the girl broke eye contact with him and seemed to rouse herself, before leaning over to speak to Dennis. After several seconds of her speaking Dennis paled and began clearing his tray, finishing quickly and scurrying out of the hall. Tom wondered what she had said to him, and watched as - a few moments later - she too cleared her tray and set off out of the hall. Deciding to follow her, he stood - leaving his tray to fester like the slop it was - and followed her slowly out of the hall. Narrowly avoiding one of Billy's cronies' attempts to trip him, Tom caught a glimpse of her curls heading down the hall towards the door to the gardens. OoO Hermione made her way through the rusted door and out into the garden. She needed a moment to herself, away from giggling girls and loud, mannerless boys. She needed time away from all the staring and whispering, the ugly building and utterly terrible food. And mostly she needed her eyes away from the boy with terribly alluring eyes. As she walked through the unkempt grass, Hermione recalled the conversation she'd had with Penny moments before. " Did I say something to offend him?" Hermione asked, as Dennis rushed out of the door. "I just wanted to know who the boy sitting alone was." Penny shook her head and lowered her eyes to the table, darting them around quickly to see if anyone was looking. " You mentioned him ..." She said in a hushed whisper, as if Hermione had uttered a dirty word. Hermione looked back at her confused. " Him? You mean the boy at the table?" " Shh!" Penny cut her off. "Stop mentioning him, he'll know." Hermione was even more confused now. " But I don't understand-" " Oh for god's sake," Amy groaned rolling her eyes at the two of them and leaned back in her chair, arms folded defensively. "Penny will you get a grip. You and Denny are so yellow when it comes to him. That's Tom Riddle, new girl. He's our resident freak . A few people are afraid of him and say that he can curse you without even looking at you. It's all just bullshit, that's what Billy says. He's just a freaky little weirdo who doesn't talk so just do what we all do and ignore him. Billy and Eric will get him one of these days anyway." Hermione stopped her walk and sat on the white stone bench at the end of the garden. She wondered if it was true, could he really curse people? Was he special like her? She shook her head, no one should be cursed like she is. All the same, it'd been so long since she let her special secret flow free. Looking around quickly and smiling to herself, Hermione reached up to the tree beside her and beckoned her hands towards it. Slowly but surely, a few leaves came loose from the branches close to her and floated towards her outstretched fingers. Turning her fingers in small semi circles, she twisted her wrist and sent the leaves soaring around in a circle above her head. Hermione smiled as one by one they joined together in the form of a royal circlet - it had been her mother's favourite trick - and she curled her fingers slowly into a fist as they floated themselves down and placed themselves neatly on her head. Closing her eyes, Hermione thought back to the memories of making these for her mother as a child, the happiness lighting up her mother's soft brown eyes making her feel like the most gifted child in the world. Just as she conjured an image of her father's face, she heard a loud crack emanate from behind her. Jumping heavily, she turned to see the boy from earlier - the feared and loathed Tom Riddle - standing inches from her. OoO Whew! Well I'm shattered, this took me a whole night to finish. I hope it wets your appetites enough to let me know what you thought of it. In any case I'm going to try and get the next chapter out in the following week. Till then my dearies!