on his task. Peter raised his eyebrows but said nothing. James smirked and struck up a conversation with Peter about Hogwarts subjects but Remus didn't join in; the headline on the front page that Lily had brought up earlier had caught his attention, only this time he noticed the picture that was with it. A young family was waving out at him, all smiling, and all – except the mother who was already dead – still missing. Remus put the thought out of his mind. When they left the train, the platform was in chaos. Students towered above him, hurrying around to find their friends or collect their luggage and buffeting Remus as they did so. He turned around, expecting to see one of his new friends but then realised he'd lost them. Panic fluttered in his chest – he'd managed to find three people he liked, and that he thought liked him - he didn't want to have to walk into Hogwarts alone after that. "Oi! Remus!" a voice called. Remus whipped around to see Sirius standing with James and Peter, gesturing for him to join them. He ran over. "We thought we'd lost you, mate," James said. A few drops of rain had started to fall and James removed his glasses to wipe them dry before putting them back on and squinting up at the sky. "Can't see the moon it's that cloudy tonight." "Believe me, it's up there," Remus said darkly. His heart skipped a beat when he realised what he'd said, but no one seemed to have picked up on his tone. Before anyone else could say anything more a thunderous voice boomed from a man Remus hadn't noticed in the dark. "Firs' years, follow me!" the voice said. Remus found his gaze going up and up and up as he searched for the man's face. He stood at least as tall as three of him and he had a bushy black beard that hid most of his face. "Who is that?" said Remus, his voice slightly higher than usual. Peter appeared to be thinking the same. He was staring at the man with his mouth hanging open. "I've been told about him!" Sirius cried. "It's Hagrid. He's the game keeper her and he takes the first years in to the school across the lake! Apparently there's a giant squid in there." Remus was not placated by this information, and from his horror struck expression, neither was Peter. James, however, looked ecstatic. "Brilliant! Reckon we can duel it?" he drew his wand and made a flourishing movement. Nothing happened. Sirius snorted. "Bit hard to duel if you don't know any spells." "And it's not really a duel if it can't send spells back," Remus added. "You'd just be stabbing at an innocent creature with your wand." "Funny," James said, stowing his wand in his robes, with a smile on his face nonetheless. The crowd of first year students followed Hagrid off the platform down a dark path, trying their best to see where they were standing in the dark. Remus, Sirius, James, and Peter piled into a little boat at Hagrid's command and, at once, all the boats set off out on to the lake, seemingly by themselves. Hagrid led the way, taking up a boat all by himself, while their boat chugged along at the back. Lily and Severus glided past them in a boat with two other girls and were chatting animatedly. James noticed them and leaned over the side to flick water into their boat. "Watch out, Snivellus, don't want to accidently wash the grease out your hair!" The two girls squealed. Severus's pallid face flushed red, while Sirius laughed. Lily glared at them and pulled Severus by the shoulder so they were facing away. Throughout all this Peter hadn't moved. He clung to the sides of the boat, breathing hard and trying his very best not to throw up. "Not a fan of the water, Petey?" Sirius asked. Peter swallowed and shook his head. "What if I do this?" teased Sirius. He began to sway from side to side, causing the boat to start rocking gently. "Does that make it better?" James laughed but at the sight of Peter's terrified face he fell quiet and swatted at Sirius. "Don't be a git, Sirius," he said, reprimanding him. "Peter looks like he's going to pass out." Sirius stopped, looking ever so slightly guilty. Peter nodded appreciatively at James. "Sorry, mate," said Sirius. "I was only having a laugh, didn't mean anything by it." Peter still hadn't fully recovered. "D-don't like w-w-water." Remus placed a hand on the boy's shoulder to steady him, very aware that Peter might still throw up. "I can see it!" cried a voice from one of the other boats. All four of them looked up across the water to catch their first glance of the castle. Hogwarts stood high and impressively above the water, with towers and turrets reaching up to the black sky. Warm and inviting lights from the lit windows danced on the surface of the lake and Remus could feel his heart beating in his ears and his eyes start to sting. He never thought he'd get here; that he'd be welcomed and wanted in the halls of the historic castle. He swallowed against the lump in his throat. "It's beautiful," he whispered. "It's huge," added Peter, who was as transfixed as Remus. James let out a disbelieving laugh. "It's bloody brilliant! Just like my dad said!" Sirius was the only one who was quiet. He didn't seem excited like he had been on the train, if anything, his face was a mask of trepidation. The boats scraped against the silt and came to a halt and groups of eleven year olds clambered out of them. They followed the game keeper up the little pebble beach that separated the lake and the grounds, talking in hushed but excited voices as they made their way to Hogwarts.