to him in a similar way. He could feel her tighten around him, gripping his entire length as he slid in and out of her. She was moaning and whimpering. All of a sudden she cried out his name and he could feel her pulsing around him, feeling waves of pleasure grip him from all sides, along his whole length. This was his undoing. Hearing her say his name like that and feeling her even tighter than before pushed Harry over the edge. He felt everything build in him, and he knew he couldn't hold it back. He thrust deeper into her than ever before and with a growl he came hard and deep inside her, gasping out her name as he found his release. He laid there on top of her, breathless and shaking, not wanting to pull out of her. He wanted to feel her forever, to never let her go. He drew back slightly, looking into her bright eyes. "Ginny, I don't want to freak you out," Harry started slowly. "What is it?" She couldn't imagine what he could say that would freak her out, but her heart rate picked up all the same. After hesitating another second he said "I love you Ginny, I've loved you for so long. I never stopped thinking about you." She stared at Harry in disbelief for a second before leaning up and kissing him sweetly. "I love you too Harry, of course I love you." Hearing her say those words sent a fresh wave of heat through him. As they laid in each other's arms Ginny noticed Harry was still hard inside here. She wiggled playfully, eliciting another soft moan from him. "What you do to me Gin," he said in wonder as she continued to move her body sensually under him, "so much for talking." "Do you think you might be up for another round?" she asked with a mischievous glint in her eye. "What do you think?" he said, rocking up against her, "I don't think I could never get enough of you." At this she smiled at him and before he knew it she had rolled them over so she was sitting on top of him. Harry's mouth opened in shock a she looked down at him from her new position. He could gaze at every part of her from his new spot, and he found himself doing just that. Ginny leaned forward with her hands on his chest and kissed him. Her long curtain of glossy hair swung around them, as if creating a wall between them and the rest of the world. She kissed him softly and slowly. With her on top she had complete control, which he found incredibly arousing, this was the Ginny from his school days, always radiating confidence. As she was kissing him she slowly started to raise and lower herself along his length. Harry found the slow pace to be agonizing. He wanted to push himself deep and hard and fast inside her, but she kept the same slow pace, tormenting him. She smiled against his lips, knowing what she was doing to him. She found she could get a different angle being with him like this, and as she pushed down onto him again she gyrated her hips in a circle, grinding down on him, pushing him deeper into her than he had ever been before. Harry let out a growl of pleasure, pushing his hips up involuntarily. At his response she started moving faster. She moved up and down his body as he thrust against her from below, in sync with her rhythm. He could feel himself building again. Everything about her was sending him over the edge. "Ah, Ginny, I'm gonna come, you're going to make me come," he gasped. She pushed against him once more, feeling him get suddenly bigger inside her, it felt so good. Suddenly she felt him pulsing inside her, and a warmth spreading through her. She pushed him deep inside her as he found his release. She collapsed on Harry's chest, listening to his racing heart as both it and his breathing slowed. In a million years she never would have guessed sex would be like this. She hummed contentedly and his hand stroked up and down her back. "How am I ever supposed to let you leave me again?" he asked her. He loved the feeling of being with her so much, he honestly didn't know if he could bear being separated from her again. "To be fair," she countered, "you left me first." There was a teasing note in her voice, but Harry could tell that her words were spoken with sincerity, and she still hurt from him leaving her to hunt Horcruxes with Ron and Hermione. He pulled Ginny even tighter to his chest, wrapping his arms around her back. He couldn't stand the thought of his actions hurting her, even though he knew it had been necessary at the time. "You know that was the hardest thing I've ever done, walking away from you, never knowing if I would see you again. It almost broke me Gin," he whispered with pain in his voice. She looked up at him with tears glistening in her eyes. This wasn't how this was supposed to go, they shouldn't be talking about such awful things after their first time together. But she found hearing those words from him healed something inside her, and suddenly she smiled up at him. She pulled herself off him, eliciting another small moan from Harry. She nestled herself into his side, laying her head on his chest listening to his strong heartbeat. He drew his arm around her and leaned his face into her hair, kissing the top of her head, breathing her in. This was absolute bliss. He knew there would never be another girl for him. As he drifted off with Ginny breathing softly beside him, he couldn't believe that someone could be this happy.