Even though four people could ride-two in the front and two behind, much like a Muggle car-the interior was rather confining. Then again, she had never actually been in a Muggle car and for all she knew it could have been the same space or larger. However, she was sure that a car didn't have the array of dials and buttons and pedals and a stirring staff, or whatever one called the lever that controlled the movement of the aircraft while airborne; that much she was certain of. Then, Eileen found herself touching, albeit ever so lightly, the various little buttons dotted around, wondering how it would feel to fly this instead of those awful brooms that never felt right, missing the small noise that signaled the start of the rotary blades beginning to spin. It was only when she felt a sudden breeze that quickly increased that she noticed her mistake. She quickly hit the button again hoping it would stop, but it just kept spinning. "Oi! Eileen, what are you doing?!" Tobias shouted as he began his descent back down the ladder after replacing the lightbulb. "Don't touch anything else! I'm coming!" Eileen pulled her hands away from the control panel, but it was too late. Tobias had apparently prematurely removed the two wooden blocks that acted as brakes to keep the wheels stationary. The autogyro slowly began moving, increasing its acceleration with each rotation of its blades. Tobias swore as he noticed what was happening and with only a second of hesitation jumped past the remaining four rungs of the ladder and ran the best he could after the now moving and slowly turning autogyro. If he didn't get to the controls and shut it off it would run into the side of the hangar, which could possibly damage it and his meal-ticket inside. Eileen resumed frantically mashing buttons and turning switches in hopes of stopping her unexpected motion. When she noticed that nothing seemed to be working and that the door– the very locked and closed hangar door– was coming closer and closer, she reflexively grabbed her concealed wand and waved it. "Alohomora!" Tobias froze as, to his utter astonishment, the locked and closed hangar door opened. "A bloody miracle," he whispered breathlessly as he watched the autogyro move onto the runway before kicking himself back into motion. Luckily, the runway was narrow and the autogyro drove off it onto the grass, which slowed its forward momentum just enough for Tobias to grab the latch on the cockpit's door and open it, before hustling himself up and inside. "You just had to take her out yourself didn't you?" he lightly joked after steering Little Lu back into the safety of the hangar. "You were taking too long," she managed, as she forced her rapid heartbeat back to normal. "Here I thought you wanted to take things nice and slow," he smirked impishly. He quickly sobered however, when Eileen didn't respond. "Are you alright, love? Nothing broken or bruised?" She snorted. That was a novel question. She had never been asked that her entire life. "I'm fine! I'll have you know that I wasn't Captain of the Hogwarts Gobstones team for nothing." "Hogwarts? Gobstones?" Tobias asked, clearly amused. "You sure you didn't bonk that noggin of yours?" Eileen stilled. She hadn't meant to say that. She couldn't have said that. "I must have." Tobias studied her for a long moment before offering one of his playful smiles. "Funny thing is I'm sure I remember that name, Hogwarts, from back when I first crashed." "Must be something to do with your plane here." "Autogyro," he corrected with a friendly tone of voice before going around the plane and opening her door for her. "Planes are different: metallic, cold, and unyielding. While this is-" Eileen smiled, "I know- poetry in motion." Tobias bowed with an exuberant flourish. "Correct, my lady." "So how's that rich bird of yours, Toby?" Alan York—bartender and Tobias's RAF buddy—asked as he placed Tobias's usual order, a neat whiskey, down in front of him. "Still swallowing your lies?" "Still ugly as a dodo," Tobias smirked, coldly. "And she absolutely believes that I'm her knight in shining armour. I can't do anything wrong." Alan laughed. "Some blokes have all the luck." "Either you have it or you don't," Tobias boasted, drink in hand, as he silently thanked that giant oaf who had unknowingly let slip that Eileen was a very wealthy heiress which presented Tobias with the answer to his financial woes. If he could snag an heiress then he wouldn't have to worry about corporate contracts or how he would get new parts. After all, if one didn't have money, one married money. It would be just like magic. Fini Author's Note 2: A big thank you to all my teammates on Pride of Portree and our awesome captain, Story Please , for their suggestions and beta help. Inspired loosely by the fan work by Alomoria (on DeviantART) entitled The Diary . I would strongly recommend it. A quick note about Tobias Snape's and Eileen Prince's portrayal in this story: This story is set in the years between the end of the Global Wizarding War (1945), World War II (1947), Eileen's Hogwarts graduation (c.1948), and the birth of their son, Severus Snape (1960). With that in mind, I argue that Tobias and Eileen are in character due to them both being younger than their first appearance in Severus's stolen memories which painted the canonical abusive, poor, and depressing family life he grew up in. Here, both still have options and the bright chance of fulfilling their dreams. Also, it's worth mentioning how alcoholism can be a progressive addiction for some and how abusive individuals are highly apt at disguising their true nature while in the "courtship" and "honeymoon" phases of a relationship. Although, one can see the groundwork for future abuse has been laid already-his objectification of Eileen as a "meal-ticket" instead of a woman.