understanding why the Hogwarts bells were chiming. "It's New Year's Eve, Severus," explained a sad voice over his head. "Don't spend the first moments of the upcoming year working. Go down, celebrate with your friends and colleagues." Severus sighed deeply. When did this happen? Last time he checked, they still had three days till New Year's. "I'm busy, Albus. Leave me alone." Suddenly, the fireplace flared up and a drunk blond staggered out of the green flames holding two glasses of authentic and very expensive French champagne. "Make a wish!" he cried, his voice sluggish from the alcohol. "Get me a Defence professor," reacted Severus without hesitation. Draco pushed the drink in his hand and clinked their glasses. "Done," he said then, downing his sparkling wine and stumbling back into the flames. He was gone before Severus could even utter a world. He put down a glass and looked back at the parchment in front of him. He could read the words now, but he wished he didn't. They were utter rubbish. One of the worst essays he had ever read. He stared at the paper for one more minute, listening to the first seconds of the new year tick by. Then he dropped the quill, pushed away the whole stack of paper and grabbed his champagne. "To fuck with all this," he grunted, downing his drink. He pushed his chair away from the table, stood up and marched to the door. Grabbing the handle, he looked back. "Happy New Year, Albus." Twinkling blue eyes looked back at him merrily, "And to you, my dear boy. May it bring you happiness and rest ." Severus rolled his eyes and went down to celebrate. He knew he would regret it tomorrow. But tomorrow was a couple more glasses of fine champagne away, so he couldn't care less at the moment. o.O.o The cheap scotch dried his throat, but hell, it was at least cold. He pressed it against his temple. "Are you still hung over?" Smirked his godson. Tomorrow came much more sooner than he would have appreciated it. The tiredness took over him completely and knocked him out. "I'm not hung over," Severus croaked. "I'm still fucking drunk, that's what I am." He was probably both though. His head was pounding so hard he wanted to turn around just to see there really wasn't a dragon behind him knocking its head against his. "School starts tomorrow," Draco reminded him. He glared at the boy. Malfoy was twenty-five, but as Severus had helped changing his smelly diapers, it was hard to look at him in any other way. Though as if the rumours were true – and they were – Draco had almost as much experience as Severus had with his forty-five years. "And why would you think I need to be reminded of that?" Bloodshot black eyes gave a searching look to the blond but he didn't waver. "Because it's six in the evening and you're drinking scotch instead of coffee and you're still wearing your clothes from yesterday. And you... well, excuse me, but you smell," came the answer Severus did not really want to hear. He was, thank you very much, perfectly aware of all this. "Fuck off, Draco," he grunted. "Severus, when was the last time you ate?" Draco inquired softly, coming closer to him and taking the glass from his hand. He vanished it with a flash of his wand. "And I mean a proper meal not just a bite or two." "What day is it?" "Sunday," came the reply, followed by an eye roll. Severus nodded. He shouldn't have. His headache just got a million times worse. "Three days ago." "Go have a shower, eat something, and then go to bed." Draco pulled him up and ushered him towards the secret door that led to the Headmaster's chambers. "And we're sharing the Defence classes from tomorrow. You have the lower years, one and two, I'm taking over the rest." Severus raised his head and looked into the grey eyes. He felt so grateful he would have kissed Draco, did he not think of the boy as his own blood. "Would you really?" He breathed then promptly hugged his godson. "Yeah," Draco mumbled. "Just get off me. You're drunk and you smell like..." Severus leant away and Draco sniffed the air around him, "Dungbombs?" Realizing just then how truly drunk he still was, Severus sniggered. Sallow memories from New Year's came back. A wasted Hagrid, many of those smelly bombs and a furious Filch, and that was all he remembered. But it was enough to make him smile sloppily. "What's with the attire?" He asked as he looked at Draco, studying him as if only noticing him right now. The boy was wearing fancy robes, nothing he would wear at Hogwarts. "Where are you off to?" "Buying your bloody birthday gift," came the testy answer. "You better not give me something cheap this year. You still owe me one for that Come As You Are* business." Draco had the decorum to at least blush. Couple of months ago, he was almost outed by the Prophet like the other teacher. It was only thanks to Severus and a rather large bag of galleons that the young man still had his job and his well guarded secret which involved gags, whips, iron clips and a lot of leather. "Oh I'm sure it won't come cheap. I don't even know if it will come willingly ." Severus didn't have a single clue what the blond was on about but his headache returned as if someone had just decided to use his head as a boxing bag. He closed his eyes and waved. "See you tomorrow, Draco. Do not be late, and if I am, come check on me. I might have just died." *Come as you are is actually a Canadian shop where you can purchase... well why would I tell, go look it up if you're interested ;)