no amount of begging and pleading could stop them. So she learned to be discreet. She learned to control her emotions tightly, how to appear as if everything was perfectly fine. As if the so-called demons had fled after the sixth or were it the eighth exorcism. As if she were a perfectly normal little girl, who just happened to be frighteningly intelligent. It was enough to fool her parents. Enough to keep the priests away. But in the secret of her room, she would will her books to her. After all, she had read Matilda. She knew it was simply telekinesis that allowed her to do such intriguing things. Of course, her parents didn't believe in such things. Too wrapped up in the religious worlds that they had grown up in, instead of the scientific one she preferred. It was such a shame that such brilliant minds were wasted with their limitations. As if God was the only answer to what she was capable of. So it came as quite the shock when her theories about being telekinetic were incorrect. Instead, she was a witch. That was worse to her parents. As far as they knew, witches were evil harmful beings who did the Devil's handiwork. They were frightened of her after that, afraid of what she could do now more so than ever. It hurt her badly, but she didn't let it show. She never let anything show anymore. Emotions were weakness and reserved for only those who deserved them. And her parents did not deserve to see her pain. So she strengthened her spine, resolute to never allow anything to punch through her armor, no matter how hard it may try. She would never allow her parents to know how much their fear and rejection hurt her. Instead, she would use her magic to cure the diseases that the Muggles couldn't. She would figure out how to end wars using magic, how to create homes for the homeless and food for the hungry. Oh, she was certain that even magic had laws and rules, but they were meant to be broken. And break them she shall. So when Hermione appeared in Ollivander's wand shop to purchase the most vital part of her future education, it did not surprise her at all when a wand box in the very back of the dusty old shop began to shake. Raising her brow at the older man before her she smirked, "I assume that means that one belongs to me?" Mr. Ollivander eyed her appraisingly before nodding in agreement, "Indeed it does Miss.." "Granger. Hermione Granger." She supplied when she realized he was asking her name. "Indeed it does Miss Granger. A very special wand that one. Are you sure you can handle it?" Ollivander asked, meeting her eyes over the counter. Hermione pursed her lips but nodded. She could handle anything. "Well then, let's get to it." He smiled, making his way to the box that was nearly vibrating with energy. She could feel the energy pouring off of it. It was rich and thick like dark chocolate, sweeping over her in a way that made her want to melt into the magic. It was raw and powerful and full of sickly sweet promises. She could almost hear the magic whispering to her, telling her all the great things she would do. Telling her how it could help her in a way that no one else ever could. "This wand is Acacia, one of the few my family has ever made. It houses a dragon heartstring core. Eleven and a third inch long. Very, very rigid." Ollivander tells her, passing over an ornate box made of a violet colored wood. Sparkling jewels littered the top, and she barely pays them any attention. Instead focused on the instrument inside. Her wand. Lifting the lid so slowly she feels her own breath hitch in anticipation. It's beautiful, and as she picks it up she feels a power unlike any other flow through her veins reacting with the magic that resides there. This wand will do perfectly for her future plans. Ollivander eyed the young witch for a moment. Finding it strange that such a fickle wand would belong to a seemingly innocent girl. That had been the main propensity of why his family had never been able to sell the wand. It refused any who touched it, often times sending nasty shocks to those it didn't believe worthy to wield it. And that it was the third ancient wand he'd sold this week made him think that change was just over the horizon. Change he wasn't sure the world was ready for, not with the likes of Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley and Harry Potter being at the helm. The first of September rolled around and found three different and yet similar students boarding the Hogwarts Express. They were each nervous, and yet they covered it with an air of indifference. They were used to being ignored, or beaten down, or underestimated. And they always managed to overcome any obstacles placed before them. Time and time again they had beaten the things that had tried to beat them and they would continue to do so. There was nothing at one measly school that could break any of them. And this is where their story begins. A/N: So, I hope you like the story so far. As I said before, this story will be dark. It is not going to be light and fluffy and full of rainbows and happiness. It's going to be gritty, and painful, and angst filled. There might be some bright spots, but it will take a while to get there. I am going to try and stay as close to canon as I can, with quite a few changes character wise. Thanks as always to my Amazng Beta Vino Amore for everything you do. Please review and let me know what you think. Til next time, Lilbit903.