time, it was an extraction of information concerning a drug dealer ring. The highly dangerous substance, Morgana's Touch, was en vogue in some circles, and the Minister worried it would spread, but they had a reliable informant telling them one of the key persons had a room here. She was to investigate the role of a certain individual, Jacque Lafleur, in the selling and production of said drug and Obliviate him afterwards. Of course, the French wizard resided in the finest hotels, and that was why Hermione slipped into the role of the busy business bitch as a cover. That kind of woman she usually snarled at when she encountered them, a high heels, tight dress, and lipstick wearing, platinum blond woman. In short: the kind of woman she usually found prowling around her husband. With precise, elegant steps she strolled through the lobby and addressed the witch at the reception without greeting, "Liz Bennet; I booked a room some days ago." The woman behind the counter was a professional and smiled politely, "Good afternoon, Miss Bennet. Welcome to our hotel. Yes, we have a reservation under your name." Even if her instinct was to make some small talk, Hermione firmly stayed in her role, criticised that she had to levitate her luggage herself from the Apparition point and that she had already been to hotels in her life, so she didn't need an introduction of how to open and close her door with a password. The reception witch was endlessly patient and ended her speech with a little chuckle. "You know, Miss Bennet, your reservation has caused quite some amusement among the staff." Hermione raised her perfectly groomed eyebrows. "And why, pray tell, may that be?" she snarled in her best imitation of her father-in-law. Though, it didn't do anything to stop the woman's cheerfulness. "The same day your reservation came in, not even an hour later, we had a reservation from a gentleman named William Darcy. Isn't that a strange coincidence?" Without so much as a nod as reaction, Hermione spun on her heel and walked over to the elevators, deep in thoughts. A strange coincidence indeed. She often chose fictional characters as cover names when she checked in somewhere on her missions, and this time it had been her favourite novel Pride and Prejudice she had picked. But to find someone in her hotel also bearing a name closely related to the same book made the hairs on her neck stand up in alarm. There had been rumours that someone else was also on Lafleur's heels, and that they were even closer to him then she and her team. It had happened once in a while in the past that their competitors (and, without a doubt, they had some) had won the race, or that they had caused an explosion or another ruckus to hold her team back. But who they were, the Ministry didn't know, for they covered their traces expertly. "Focus, Hermione!" the witch mumbled to herself. A distraction was the worst thing that could happen, short of being uncovered, of course. One hour later, after she had unpacked her things and had had a refreshing nap, she stepped out of her room to pay a visit to the bar, where she assumed Lafleur met with his clients, sipping expensive firewhiskey and making flat jokes. She threw a short glance down to her cleavage to check whether the neckline of her black dress plunged deep enough to catch a man's attention (because Hermione wasn't too ignorant not to realize that this tactic worked in some cases), and smiled, pleased when someone grabbed her upper arms. "Careful, lady!" She was about to apologise for almost running into someone, lifted her head - -And had all of her instincts screaming red alert in the next second. The face she was staring into was so dreadfully familiar, yet so different from what she saw every day. The tall wizard in front of her had short, brown hair and deep brown eyes, and a smirk that had once dampened her underwear instantly. "Draco? What-" Her insides turned cold. "Hermione?" The smirk disappeared. "I thought you were on a book restoration conference in Paris!" "Well, honey , and I thought you were on a Potions Club meeting in Aberdeen!" Her husband still had the hands on her arms, though the grip was much tighter now. Did he want to restrict her? And why was he Glamoured? "Oh, look, whom we have here! What a pleasant surprise!" Another familiar voice came from her right. She glanced into the direction from where now slow, deliberate claps could be heard, followed by Draco's groan. "Pansy. What the fuck are you doing here?" "That should be obvious, dear Draco, shouldn't it?" A dramatic pause followed. Adrenaline started to run through Hermione's veins. Something wasn't right here. Even entirely wrong. "I'm observing the most successful couple in the wizarding world in action. Nobody else has a higher track record than you two." Hermione's brain needed a second to process the new information. No, that couldn't be true...could it? Then, things happened in quick succession: she freed herself from Draco's grip and produced her wand in a precise movement. Though, at whom she should point it? Pansy still leaned against the wall; her lips curled into a devilish smile and her arms folded under her breasts. Draco, on the other side, had his hawthorn wand unmistakably directed at Hermione's head. Consequently, she aimed hers at her dear husband, who seemed to have withheld a tidbit or two about his life from her. " Darling , we should have a nice, long chat at home," he sneered, and she wasn't even shocked at the cold his voice held, for she replied in the same tone, "That we should, love ." Casting all plans to fulfill her assignment aside because there were obviously more important issues at hand, Hermione spun on her heel and Apparated to the manor.