him. "Goodness," was all Petunia could say as she glanced at it. "Vernon? Vernon! Come down here, please!" She called as she wrapped her arms around Dudley. The sound of Vernon's footsteps down the stairs resounded through the building. "What? What is it? Boy! Why are you standing about again? Get to work!" Harry lowered her gaze and began scrubbing the plate as if her life depended on it while she listened to Petunia explain the situation to her husband. "They are assigning roles later! I just want to be King Arthur! I WANT TO BE KING ARTHUR!" screamed the baby whale. "Hush! Now, hush little diddykins! Mummy's sure they will give you the part if you ask them for it!" Petunia purred at Dudley. "How did you get the manuscript, son?" Vernon smirked. "Got it off Oliver, when he rubbed it in my face. Shoved him to the ground," Dudley mumbled. "Serves him right!" sneered Vernon. "I know you'll be brilliant baby, I know you will! Why don't you show mummy and daddy?" suggested Petunia as she tried to take Dudley's mind off the injustice of it all. "Okay," grinned the huge boy. "Sit down, I'll read it now!" The parents took their seat and Petunia cast a quick glance at Harry who was still pretending to see and hear nothing. Silence ensued as Dudley realized this would require him to actually read and tried to decipher the lines. "Go on, son!" urged Vernon. Dudley threw the manuscript to the floor in frustration. "I cant! I can't! I need someone to read for the queen!" he wailed. Then his eyes narrowed and a smug expression appeared on his face. "Make Harry do it!" he grinned and applauded the brilliancy of his own idea. Harry froze with a sponge and a teacup in her hands as she waited for the reaction. "Honey, you know Harry can't be Guinevere. Harry is much too ugly to be a girl!" Petunia replied. This was what Dudley wanted to hear. "But mum, I need a queen even if it's worlds ugliest one," Dudley argued and glanced at Harry who was trying her best not to show any emotion. "Didn't I tell you to get to work, boy !" Vernon suddenly yelled and got up from his chair. The yelling startled Harry who dropped the cup into the sink. Vernon's hand grabbed her shoulder and spun her around. "Do you think you can just stand around? Get out! Get out of my sight!" he cried and shoved Harry towards the front door. Harry didn't need to be told twice. She picked up her feet and hurried outside to the safety of the view of the neighbors. At this point she didn't care about being a girl anymore. She didn't mind the pretending. Of course she had found it weird at age four when Petunia had decided that she was much too hideous to be a girl and had invented the game. Harry was eager to please – or at least to stay out of trouble so she went along with it. Once in a while Petunia would slip up and refer to her as her but these days it rarely ever happened. But Dudley enjoyed taunting her: "You throw like a girl!" "Can't you run faster than that, princess?" It didn't matter to Harry. For all intends and purposes she was a boy and even she considered herself ugly. She wasn't quite sure which part of her face made her so ugly but since the Dursleys said she was she had to be, right? Besides, she really did look like a boy. Her mop of hair had been somewhat short ever since Petunia started cutting it and Dudley's old clothes didn't help either. She had often wondered if her mother looked like a boy too or whether she looked just like her father but she was unlikely to ever know the answer to that. Harry got down on her knees by one of the flower beds. There would be hell to pay if she hadn't done any work by the time the Dursleys needed her. She ran her hand through her unruly mop of hair. She remembered when Petunia had cut it short that day when she was six and how it had grown back during the night. After several attempts the haircut finally succeeded in the end and the fact that Harry looked very much like a boy had never been more apparent. Playing the game and making sure none knew she wasn't exactly a boy was easy for the most part as Harry was able to let herself believe it. However when she was reminded of it as she had been today she always became nervous about it and felt that everyone around her knew. Harry didn't notice Dudley storming off to see his friends and she sat there deep in thought and weeded. The day passed by without any incident and when she was finally called in for dinner she washed her hands as clean as she could with the garden hose and entered. When she later went to bed she had actually been given enough food to stop the pain of hunger. Not enough to be full of course but she had been allowed a little more as the Dursleys celebrated Dudley getting the lead in the play. Harry wondered just how many children Dudley had been out bullying to make that happen. Still, she kept her mouth shut and crept inside the cupboard. When she woke next morning she could already hear her aunt in the kitchen and as she crept out she could hear her uncle in the living room order her to get the mail. She rubbed her eyes and walked out to the front door. There were a few bills and a letter to Petunia but what caught Harry's attention was a queer looking letter addressed to her! Mr H Potter The Cupboard under the stairs TBC