"Malfoy!" she said, shaking the wizards shoulder. "Malfoy, wake up!" The wizard stirred, but didn't open his eyes. "Merlin, woman, what's wrong ?" "What do you mean what's wrong?" she said shrilly. "Look at yourself." Scorpius' eyes snapped open, as if he had just realized he was lying naked in bed and Rose Weasley was beside him. He sat up, thankfully keeping the lower half of his body covered, rubbing his temple and looking thoroughly disoriented. "What happened?" he asked, squinting in the light. "I'll tell you what happened. We got sloshed and had sex is what happened." Rose covered her face with both hands, the events of the night before slowly returning to her memory with shocking clarity. "I'm never drinking rum again." "Mother of Merlin," said Scorpius, also remembering everything. "I can't believe we did this." "Me neither." Rose took a deep breath. "What time is it?" "Almost a quarter to six." "Merlin, Mum is going to kill me." "It'll be fine," said the wizard, gingerly rubbing his eyes. Rose took another deep breath. "Okay, here's the plan. When they ask, we say we were too drunk to Apparate and it was snowing too much to go out and call the Knight Bus, so we took up rooms for the night. No mention of er—our other activities." "Do I look like I have a death wish?" She scowled at him. "This never happened, Malfoy." The wizard looked at her for a moment before nodding. "Alright, alright. It never happened. We went out, got drunk and slept in separate rooms. Come on. If we hurry we might be able to make it back before they wake up." And, taking care to avoid the other's gaze, they both dressed quickly before leaving the room, going down to the fortunately empty bar to find their cloaks before Apparating home. (January 1st – 10:03am – Granger-Malfoy Household – Manchester) Rose woke up a few hours later in the safety of her own bed, groaning as she once again remembered the night before. The good part was that she had had nice, hot, reckless sex that she had to admit was needed, in her case. The terrible, horrible, no-good, very bad part was that she had had sex with Scorpius sodding Malfoy! Merlin's pants, their parents were going to get married , most likely. The whole thing was a nightmare. It'll be fine, she reminded herself, taking deep calming breaths. We'll just pretend nothing happened until enough time has passed that it all blows over. No one has to know. Gingerly, she got up from the bed, grabbing her dressing gown and walking out. She found a much-appreciated pain potion on the bathroom sink, most likely left by Hermione, and drank it, hopping into the shower to rid herself of the smell of both the rum and Malfoy that she felt had seeped into her skin. A few minutes and a fresh outfit later, she walked out of the bathroom feeling infinitely better, and heard her mother's voice calling her from downstairs. She found her mother, Draco standing in the living room, Hugo and Scorpius sitting on the couch in front of them. Bugger. "You look like you've seen better days," Draco remarked with a chuckle. Rose scowled. "Happy New Year to you, too," she said, taking the mercifully vacant seat next to Hugo on the couch, carefully avoiding Scorpius' eye. "When did you two get in?" asked Hermione. "We came back a bit after three and you weren't home," Draco added. Rose tried very hard to both stay calm and not look at Scorpius. "Six-ish," she answered. "We were too drunk to Apparate home so we got rooms at the Leaky Cauldron," Scorpius explained, being careful to emphasize that it was rooms and not room . Rose nodded. Hermione frowned. "You could've called the Knight Bus." "Well, it was snowing," said Rose. "And we didn't want to leave the pub to call the Knight Bus out on the street," added Scorpius. "We thought it'd be best to just get rooms and sleep it off until we could Apparate." "Yep." Draco and Hermione looked doubtful for a moment, but Scorpius spoke again before they could say anything else. "Weren't you going to tell us something? "Oh, of course!" said Hermione. "Well, er…" Draco ran a hand through his hair. "We wanted to tell you…" Hermione took a deep breath before speaking. "Now, I realize this might not exactly be news to you lot, from what Draco has told me," her face broke into an uncontrollable grin. "But I wanted to tell you three first, either way." She held up her left hand, allowing them a look at the platinum and diamond engagement ring on her finger. The three teenagers smiled. "Oi, you finally did it!" said Rose. "Congratulations," said Scorpius. "You're finally getting married, then?" asked Hugo. "Yes," said Draco, wrapping his arm around Hermione's shoulders. "I finally got up the nerve to ask her last night at midnight, and she said yes." "Well, I could've told you that," Scorpius smirked, and they all laughed. "There's something else," Hermione said. "Oh Merlin, are you pregnant too?" "No, Hugo," the witch frowned. "I'm not pregnant… We'd like Scorpius and Rose to be our best man and maid of honor, respectively." The two beamed. "I'd love to, Mum," said Rose, getting up to hug her mother. "I was almost scared you were going to ask Hugo," said Scorpius, also embracing his father. "With how he dented my car leaving the bakery last week?" asked Draco. "Fat chance." "You did what ?" said Hermione, glaring at her son. Hugo sheepishly ran a hand through his hair. "Er… I think I left the kettle on…" he muttered vaguely before running for the kitchen. "Congratulations!" he called back. Hermione scowled. "The Weasley genes are entirely too strong in that one," she said. The other three laughed. A/N: Hope you enjoyed it! Reviews are freshly brewed coffee. xo, V.