in there before Ron eats everything," Fred joked as he headed to the door "Coming George," George made to follow but stopped when he saw the frown on Harry's face. "What's wrong Harry?" Mr. Black asked as he picked Harry up and settled him onto his hip. Harry bit his lip unsure now if he should say anything. With a little prompting Harry said in a loud whisper, "they got it wrong, he's George-" he pointed at the closest twin, "-he's Fred." Harry point to Fred who had stopped at the door to wait for them. "Don't say! I don't wants them to get upset for getting mixed up." Harry pleaded, not even realizing that they had both heard him. Both Fred and George stared in shock. They always thought that their mother would be the first person able to tell them apart but no, it was small adorable Harry. "I won't tell," Sirius stage whispered back probably thinking it was Harry who mixed them up. He adjusted small boy to sit higher on his hip then made his way back into the mismatched house; passing by the frozen twins. Both boys watched the pair enter the house before George joined Fred in the doorway. "How did-" "-he know?" Fred finished in a whisper. They exchanged one last look between them before joining the chaos that is know as a Weasley meal. …●·.❣.·●… "Mum! Mum!" Fred and George called out as they raced down the rickety uneven steps one morning. Their feet pounded against the worn wood all the way into the kitchen. Smells of fresh pumpkin bread and ginger cookies wafted through the air as they approached their mother who was in the middle of dinner prep. "When is Lord Black and Harry going to come visit again?" Fred asked, almost whining. They had been good all week with the hopes that they could convince their mother to invite the pair over again. "It's been forever since they came over!" George said. "Oh dear." Molly Weasley said concerned. She hasn't realize that her two sons had become so attached to the small boy in such a short amount of time. "I'm really sorry boys, but Lord Black and little Harry are no longer in Britain." "What!?" Shock and devastation mirrored both of their faces. "What do you mean-" "-they're no longer in Britain!" With a sigh Molly sat down in one of the wooden chairs and motioned her son's forward. Once they were close enough she pulled them each onto knee. They both squirmed at the unfamiliar position; it had been years since either of them had sat on either of their parents laps. "The day Lord Black came to our house he was very concerned about how little Harry was doing. You see there are many people who want to use him for their own purposes but hiding the boy away as Lord Black has been doing is very unhealthy for him. You saw how shy he was." "But he was fine with us!" Fred protested; George nodded vehemently. "I know Sweetie." She smiled at him as she tucked a stray strand of hair behind his ear; but the smile did not reach her eyes. "But he needs to know more people than just our own little family." "But our family isn't little! There's 9 of us!" George objected. "If they left can't they just come back?" Fred toyed with the hem of his shirt; it was getting a little thread bare and there were always lose threads to play with. "Well we could try sending them a letter and ask them for a visit-" Both boys looked hopefully at her. "-but I'm not sure where they went or if they're even accepting owls." "Please mum?" George pleaded; blue eyes impossibly wide. "Of course, Freddy." She gave him a kiss on the forehead. George was so pleased that he didn't bother to get upset or correct her. "Can we write one to Harry too?" "I'm sure he'd like that very much." She gave them a squeeze before they jumped off her lap and ran back up those uneven stairs, all the way up to their shared room to root around for something to write their missive on. The smile on Molly's face was small but genuine as she watch them go. She had never seen them this open and excited, hopefully it wouldn't end badly. …●·.❣.·●… Little nibble finger tied their letter to the family Great Grey Owl- Errol, who was starting to show his age. They had used a emerald green ribbon to tie the letter- which took forever to find since it was a Slytherin colour and their family were primarily Gryffindors -but George and Fred wanted the ribbon to match little Harry's eyes. Days turned into weeks and weeks turned into months but no owls came to visit with a reply to either letter. As the years passed the twins stopped glancing up at the sky but they never forgot about that little green eyed boy. …●·.❣.·●… "Hey Gred," Fred slid open the compartment door and leaned against the frame, "Lee's got a Tarantula." An infectious grin spread across his face. "Let me guess, you want to grab Ron and show him?" He wanted to roll his eyes but seeing Ron's reaction would be a great way to start the train ride. He hopped off of the bench and bumped against his twin. "Well come on Forge." The grin spreading to his own face. The twin made their way from train car to train car searching for the younger brother. They finally found him holding on to scabbers with another ickly first year. "Ronniekins, Lee wants to-" "-show you his new pet." Both tried not to snicker. "Oh piss off, you gits!" Ron "What about you little firsty want to see something-" The words were stuck in George's mouth as he and Fred started into those familiar brilliant green eyes. Harry's eyes . The End