on his face. 'Him!' he snarled, staring at Sirius, who turned to look at him, his face betraying equal dislike. 'What is he doing here?' 'He is here at my invitation,' said Dumbledore, looking between them, 'as are you, Severus, and you Rhosyn. I trust you three. It is time for you to lay aside your old differences and trust each other.' 'He murdered my bloody sister!' Madam Stein hissed, and she stepped towards the ex-prisoner of Azkaban. This time, Severus didn't hold her back, and she suddenly appeared towards Sirius, her long fingers pulling at her dark hair. Her ring finger caught on a chain, the silver coin around her neck clattering to the floor. She felt the change before it happened. Her arms felt tingly, her spine snapped and somewhere in the back of her mind, the penny dropped. Suddenly Madam Stein grew an extra three feet, so that she towered over Sirius, her willowy arms and legs strengthening as muscle suddenly grew. Her breasts collapsed against her chest, becoming small and almost nonexistent and her hair turned a violent shade of auburn. Only her eyes, ice blue, furious and deadly, stayed the same. Sirius shrieked, toppling over as Madam Stein gripped his throat, a sharp blade underneath his throat. It had happened so quickly, that not even Dumbledore realised the Undertaker had appeared by Sirius' side until he cried out. An invisible force pulled the screaming witch away from the ex-prisoner, her bellowing screams piercing the air. 'Severus,' Dumbledore said calmly, 'please watch Rhosyn for me,' 'Let me go you fucking prick!' Rhosyn screamed, struggling out of the invisible ropes that held her back. 'You meddling old goat! LET ME GO!' Dumbledore turned to face the witch. 'Rhosyn, he did not kill your sister.' 'Yes. He. Did.' Rhosyn snapped. 'My sister told me he was their fucking secret keeper!' 'That,' Sirius snarled, 'was a lie. She said that in case you were a spy.' 'I'm a bloody muggleborn!' 'And yet, Rosemary Stein is not!' Dumbledore said. 'You managed to convince Voldemort that you were one of his, and for that, Rhosyn, I thank you. But war is war, and we make decisions we regret. Now, I need you three to corporate.' He sighed, suddenly looking older than ever. 'I will settle, in the short term,' he said, 'for a lack of open hostility. You will all shake hands. You are all on the same side now. Time is short, and unless the few of us who know the truth do not stand united, there is no hope for any us.' Very slowly, Dumbledore raised his wand, releasing his grip on Rhosyn. Carefully, she and Severus approached Sirius. They all glared at each other. Sirius and Severus shook hands and let go almost instantly. Rhosyn flicked Sirius' finger; a scowl etched on her face. 'That will do to be going on with,' said Dumbledore, stepping between them once more. 'Now I have work for each of you. Fudge's attitude, though not unexpected, changes everything. Sirius, I need you to set off at once. You are to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher — the old crowd. Lie low at Lupin's for a while; I will contact you there.' 'But —' Harry stated. Sirius smiled turned to his godson. 'You'll see me very soon. Harry,' Sirius said. 'I promise you. But I must do what I can, you understand, don't you?' 'Yeah,' said Harry. 'Yeah…of course, I do.' 'Also,' Sirius said, nervously looking at Rhosyn who was still glaring at him. 'Watch out for the Undertaker— she can be rather nasty when she wants to be.' The said witch raised her middle finger. The brown haired girl giggled. Sirius stared, confused, before transforming again, opened the door with his paw and ran off. 'Severus,' said Dumbledore, turning to the Potioneer, 'you know what I must ask you to do. If you are ready… if you are prepared…' Carefully Rhosyn approached Severus. She gently squeezed his hand. He squeezed hers back. 'I am,' said Severus. His face was pale, this strange eyes glittering in the cold light. 'Then good luck,' said Dumbledore. Rhosyn let Severus' hand go and nervously, she watched him go. 'I must go downstairs,' Dumbledore finally said, turning to Harry and his friends. 'I must see the Diggorys. Harry - take the rest of your potion. Rhosyn…look after him. I will see all of you later.' The boy who lived slumped against his pillows as Dumbledore disappeared. His friends and Molly stared at him. 'You've got to take the rest of your potion. Harry,' Molly said. Rhosyn walked over to the boy and put the sack of gold on his bedside cabinet. 'Look after that,' she said, handing him his medicine. 'You might need it.' 'I don't want that gold,' said Harry in an expressionless voice. He turned to Molly. 'You have it. Anyone can have it. I shouldn't have won it. It should've been Cedric's.' The boy blinked, tears prickling in his eyes. Rhosyn stood nervously. 'It wasn't your fault. Harry,' Molly whispered. 'I told him to take the cup with me,' said Harry, voice wavering. Molly hugged him, and the bottle shook in Harry's hand. Rhosyn took it. Tears began to fall down his face. Rhosyn licked her lips and jumped as the girl slammed her fist on the window, eyes dark and cold. She paused, realising what she had done. 'Sorry,' she whispered. 'Here,' Rhosyn said, 'drink it,' The boy took the potion and downed it in one go. His eyes settled on the blue eyed woman, confusion and familiarity littering his face. 'Who are you?' he asked. Rhosyn smiled. 'I guess Tuney never told you,' she said, looked up the ceiling, a small smile on her lips. 'I'm Petunia and your mother's eldest sister. Rhosyn Evans... I'm your aunt.' Harry's eyes widened, and before he could open his mouth to speak, his eyes closed and he fell back into a dreamless sleep.