than him. "Harry..." still no reply but she carried on anyway. "You didn't give me a chance to answer your question-" He stiffened at her side and immediately cut her off "It wasn't my business, I shouldn't have pried. If you wanted to tell me then you would have, I'm sorry." He looked like he was going to make another run for it so she grabbed onto his arm and held him firmly in place. "I don't have a boyfriend Harry!" She said sharply, getting angry at herself now for letting him even think that for a moment. "I don't even fancy anyone... I mean anyone but y..." She couldn't finish, second guessing herself now that she was actually about to say something. What if she was wrong and he didn't feel the same way and it had all just been the saddest kind of wishful thinking? She turned to look at him, only realizing then that she had his full attention and that he was now looking at her rather intently as if he could read the answer in her expression. She didn't know what to say and he was so close, only a slight tilt of the head away, so she did the only thing that would fully express what she meant without words. She kissed him. There were many things that she enjoyed, loved even, quiet afternoons in the library, the smell of pages in a new book, spending time by the fire watching her two closest friends play wizards chess but none of it compared to the feel of Harry's lips. They were soft and warm and they felt like they were made just for hers. She sighed into the kiss as Harry began to respond and that was all it took for her thoughts to flee. Years of pain and anguish disappeared and for the first time in so long she felt like everything was right in the world. One touch was all it took for her to not only stop thinking about the war but to forget there ever was a war. One taste and she was sure that she would die happy. She turned her head to get a better angle and deepen the kiss, feeling his teeth lightly nibble on her bottom lip. She tentatively ran her tongue across his lips hoping that he would let her in and she couldn't help but smile when he did, pleased with herself. His reaction however caught her slightly off guard. One minute they were sharing the sweetest kiss of her life and the next Harry had wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her to him so that she was straddling his lap, all the while his tongue was becoming thoroughly acquainted with her mouth. Her hands found their way to his hair and she began to pull at the inky strands while she moved herself even closer into him while his hands began to wander. Unfortunately they still needed to breathe and eventually they pulled back but only long enough for him to whisper 'I love you' against her lips. After that she couldn't be stopped and soon they were making their way back to her bedroom but this time there were things other than a good night's sleep on their minds. That night she found that despite his 'quiet devotion' Harry was more than able to kindle a flame and that he could be passionate with the right persuasion. And of course the sleep afterwards was peaceful too. He was crawling across the pure white snow, leaving a trail of blood in his wake. He couldn't walk, but he stilled hoped desperately that he would get there in time to save her. He could hear her screams and their vicious laughter but he couldn't see them, in fact he couldn't see anything. All around him as far as he could see there was only white, endless white. He gasped in pain as his leg hit a hidden rock right against one of the deep cuts the severing spell had made in his flesh. It slowed his progress considerably as did the loss of blood but he kept trying, kept moving. … Until he heard one last heart wrenching cry and gave up. "Harry!" Hermione was hovering over him with a worried expression plastered on her face and seeing it caused him to relax immediately. She was alright, she was safe. He tried to give her reassuring smile, she didn't need the worry, she had only just gotten back from a trip to Australia to visit her parents. He hadn't been able to go because Hogwarts couldn't stand to lose two of its professors at the same time in the middle of the year so he held the fort as a favor to McGonagall while Hermione made the much overdue trip. Things had been a lot better for them since that night eight years ago, they had gone back to Hogwarts to finish their seventh year and then proceeded to take positions as teachers at their most beloved school and then as soon as they were settled Harry had proposed. Now they were happily married and expecting their first child in about six months. Of course things weren't perfect, they fought like any couple and while the nightmares were held at bay by the others presence they came back the moment the other was gone. Things were never completely normal, they both slept with their wands underneath their pillows and Hermione was always overly suspicious of magical artifacts while Harry refused to go anywhere near the astronomy tower no matter what reason was given. Flash backs and panic attacks were their main problem after they got together but eventually they too became less and less common. They would never forget what they had seen, could never forget but they could move on. No things weren't perfect but they were as close as they could be for the survivors of nightmares and war.