creative. And with Draco Malfoy of all people! She noticed their glasses had been refilled twice after Draco's gesture towards the bar, and the kissing. Recently, the fumbling noises around them had come to a halt. "Blimey, hasn't anyone told these two that this isn't a library?" Ron piped up, staring at their -now interrupted- talkathon. Raising one of her eyebrows, she retaliated, "Hasn't anyone told you it isn't your bedroom, either?" Her friend blushed unbecomingly, "Uh, it's- huh…" "Mh, I thought so, Ronald." "My dear brother is right, we're in a posh club, let's go dancing!" Ginny spared Ron of giving an answer and pulled Hermione up. She tried avoiding to step on Draco's feet when she shimmied herself out of the booth -only to stumble over both of them, losing her balance and being stabilised by two warm hands on her hips. Damn heels. "Careful, Hermione," Draco's voice resonated behind her. "We won't have your pretty outfit ruined, right?" Damn hands. Damn voice. He held her until she had climbed from the booth successfully, not without one hand gliding over the small of her back when he let go of her. Padma followed them to the dance floor, and the three women joined the crowd of people swaying to the music. Hermione wasn't what anyone with eyes called a graceful dancer, but she had an instinct for rhythm. After all, beat followed a logical pattern, and this was something like a second skin to her. The three women easily hogged the limelight -and for once, it didn't matter to Hermione. She felt beautiful in her dress and enjoyed the music taking over her senses. They danced for what felt ages, and Hermione began to tire when she noticed a man, leaning at the bar, who all but undressed her with his eyes. She gave him a once-over in turn and deemed him quite good-looking; brown hair, dark eyes, an athlete's built. He winked at her then and started to walk over to her, obviously with the intention to dance with her. Just when she wanted to say something, another male stepped into her line of view; or, to be precise, right on the verge of her personal space. Her nose recognised him before her eyes reached the unmistakingly grey orbs. Draco, of course -he just had to come and ruin her party mood and maybe the once-in-a-year (or half-decade) chance to get laid if she played her cards right. Before she could voice her dismay, the blonde menace spoke to her, "He's not the right guy for you, trust me." She looked at him, demanding an answer. "He's dumb as it get's. Christian Pewter, chaser, playing for the Chudley Cannons. Was hit by a bludger quite hard two months ago, and it destroyed the last bit of intelligence he had." "Who says I'm not only interested in good looks?" Hermione replied stubbornly. Now it was his turn to raise his perfectly arched eyebrows, as if asking, 'Are you kidding me?' "Alright, maybe I enjoy an intellectually challenging partner. But they are so hard to come by." She didn't like the wicked spark her words ignited in his gaze. With a smirk, he reached for her waist and pulled her towards him. She responded automatically to his sways and started dancing along, decidedly ignoring the things his proximity did to her body. "Okay, I have an intellectual challenge only for you: why did Blaise send me a message on my mobile, asking 'Harry, has the Eagle landed yet?' " The witch didn't show how impressed she was that Draco (pureblood extraordinaire) knew how to operate a mobile, so she replied instead, "Oh, you mean other than to recommend Blaise the user's manual?" This time, his smirk was accompanied by a chuckle. He twirled her around in his arms and brought her back flush against his front. She would have fought not to revel in his demanding physical presence had it not been for her friends, which were directly visible for her after the turn. Like isopods diverging when the rock above them is turned, all four of them hastened to appear occupied instead of staring at Draco and her, causing Harry to spill his drink over Ginny's dress in his haste. Suddenly, things fit together in Hermione's mind and she gasped, "They're setting us up!" Draco's laugh made the small hairs on the back of her neck stand. "100 points to the lioness. I suspect Zabini and Nott are equally behind this, and not for the first time today. They've been asking weird questions last time you showed up in my office unannounced." She remembered that particular day. It had been the first day of her period and her assistant had eaten her chocolate reserve. The note from Draco that he didn't approve of the new wand holsters for the Auror division caused her proverbial cauldron to boil over. She had stormed into his office without knocking, her wand blazing. "Like?" "'Don't you think Granger's bum looks exquisite in that pencil skirt?' Theo's words." She had no control over the heat that rose on her face. "And what, pray tell, did you answer?" "That I was too bloody distracted by deflecting the curses you threw at me to have taken an interest in your behind." "I'm not hexing you at the moment. Yet." Where did this come from? His hands wandered down from her waist to the curves of her arse. And squeezed it. Hermione made a surprised gasp. He had the perfect grip. "Now I have an answer for him," Draco whispered into her ear. "Which is?" Hermione wasn't very proud at how breathless she sounded. "That Theo has an eye for exquisite goods." "Huh. Thanks, I think." She had to clear her throat. "What do we do with the meddling folk we call friends?" His smirk became positively devious, and it made long forgotten synapses fire in her brain. "How much Slytherin is in you, Gryffindor Princess?"