not going to waste my breath and say that harboring those kinds of thoughts is unhealthy," she says to him in an equally calm tone. "I'm not going to judge you for resenting him the way you do." "Thank you," he replies, after a few moments. "I thought you of all people would condemn my thirst for vengeance." She shrugs. "The past six years have put things in perspective for me. Losing my friends, my parents, seeing others get hurt... I understand your thirst for vengeance, Draco. I share it." He looks at her. She's different from the girl she was when they were kids, still at Hogwarts—she's different from the girl she was when he first joined the Order. She's taller, slim and strong, with a few scars on her arms and shoulders, and a fresh one running down the length of her left thigh from that poisoned cut; her hair is short and still styled in that way that makes her look like Potter, to the point where people might assume they're siblings if they didn't know better. She looks at him. He's also different from the boy who taunted her in their youth—and so very different from the broken, battered shell he was when he'd first arrived at the house. He's strong, all sharp lines and lean muscles; his arms are marked by veins and a few scars he's acquired over the years. His hair is no longer slicked back, the way he wore it when they were at Hogwarts, but tousled and and cut similarly to hers; his sharp jaw is covered with the faintest bit of stubble, and his cloudy grey eyes are always alert, sharp and, oddly enough, understanding. In battle, she is a wildcat and he is a wolf. She's thunder; she's speed and skill and sheer ferocity, crackling with its intensity. He's lightning; smooth movements and fast reflexes, like he's almost made of smoke itself. Neither of them can properly remember when they started battling like a team, but it's worked for them in the years since; not even the best of Voldemort's army have stood a chance against the pair of them. But someone who'd only seen them in action would never guess that when they're alone—particularly now, when they've been left behind while the others march into combat—they move around each other with the softness and tenderness of feathers and silk. Almost unbelievably, years of enmity gave way to a friendship where each is the other's best support and source of comfort amid the circumstances they live in. And Draco might be reluctant to say it aloud, but he knows it all the same—she's all he's got, in the end. Her features have been hardened slightly by loss and adversity, but there are parts of her that are the same as ever: the spattering of freckles across her nose, the pout of her full lips, the way her eyebrows furrow together when she's focused and, most notably, her eyes. No amount of cynicism, death or bloodshed could change Hermione Granger's eyes. They're large and rounded, framed by long, thick lashes and in their chocolate depths, he can still find it. After all, it had been she who suggested the names for two of the first babies born in Grimmauld Place; Bill and Fleur's twins, Hope and Faith Weasley. Hope and faith. Hope that one day, the gruesome, sickening present will be nothing more than a bad memory. Faith that they can actually get the job done, that they can come out victorious. "How do you do it, Granger?" She looks at him then and her brow furrows. "Do what?" His lips twitch before he finds the words. "Keep going." She ponders his question for a moment and when she looks at him again her face lacks the worried and harsh expression she's worn since she came into the kitchen. "Remember when the twins were born?" He nods. "Everyone was so worried when Fleur found out she was pregnant—things had gotten so much worse between then and when Teddy had been born." He smirks. "I remember Molly calling Bill an 'irresponsible, deranged brat'." The corners of her mouth turn upwards and for once, she lets them. "Of course, it's obvious what everyone was so concerned about—whether or not it was wise or even sane to bring children into this world with a war going on." Draco nods and she looks at him. "But you saw how everyone was when they were born; with all the children, really. Teddy, Hope, Faith, Roxanne, Rory, Julian… They've brought life and joy and laughter back into this house… I think the children serve as a reminder of what the war has taken from us, from the adults. They remind us what innocence looks like. I keep going for them," she says. "For them and for the future they represent." When she meets his eye again, he sees it once more. And for now, that faint glimmer in her eyes is what keeps him going. The clock strikes four in the morning, and the two look at it, certain that at this moment the others will be infiltrating Nott Manor. "They're going to be fine," he says, and he reaches over with his good arm to take her hand in the gap between their chairs. "I know they will," she replies, lacing her fingers through his and squeezing tightly as they both sip their tea. A/N: I'm really nervous about posting this because it's very different from my usual stuff and writing angst tends to be a bit of a challenge for me. All the same, I do love it. I have a few ideas for a sequel but nothing's set in stone yet—let me know if you lot would enjoy reading a sequel. For any of you following I Know What You Did Last Christmas , the epilogue should be up tomorrow. That's all for now! Reviews are a hot cup of tea. xo, V.