his space and I need mine so out' Madam Pomfrey said, no doubt she was ushering the three boys away from his bedside. He had to be in the infirmary, not his dormitory. That made much more sense. 'We'll be back Moony' He heard Sirius call, and he couldn't help but feel a pang of sorrow sink into the pit of his stomach. He would miss that voice. 'Drink' He was ordered, and he felt a goblet touch his lips. Always the good boy, he opened his lips and felt the potion slide down his throat. Within seconds, the heaviness of his limbs lessoned, and he was able to open his eyes. 'Good' Madam Pomfrey said with a sympathetic smile before helping him sit up and holding out another potion to him 'This one will help with your other symptoms' His other symptoms. He sighed and took the potion into his hands, holding it for a short moment as he thought about the consequences of his mistake. He'd loose them, he just knew it. 'Drink up' Pomfrey commanded and Remus automatically complied 'And stop your worrying. They're good young lads, it would take more than your condition for them to abandon you' /-|-/-|-\-|-\ 'How are you feeling mate?' Remus turned to see Sirius staring down at him, his hands in his incredibly muggle jeans and a worry line prominent in his forehead. The young werewolf sighed and sat up, propping himself against his pillow and the headboard of the rather small infirmary bed. A quick glance at his hands confirmed his suspicion. His glamour charms were still off. He didn't answer. 'Well, you look like shit, but that's understandable' Sirius continued, as if he didn't mind being ignored, and sat himself on the edge of the bed, eyes still fixated on Remus, who was still staring at his hands. 'I'm loving your newest scars.' He added, raising his eyebrows slightly in amusement. 'They match mine' Remus's eyes shot up to meet Sirius's, confusion flitting across his features. 'What do you mean yours?' He asked cautiously, his eyes scanning the visible skin of Sirius, searching for any physical damage. Sirius grinned and pulled at the neckline of his shirt, showing a portion of his shoulder and, along with that, a nearly fresh wound that consisted of three long cuts. A near perfect match to Remus's face. Remus's frown deepened. 'How'd you get that?' He asked, his voice quiet and fearful. Sirius leaned in, close enough for Remus to feel his breath fanning across his skin. 'Now that'd be telling, wouldn't it?' He asked with a smirk, his eyebrow cocked. The two of them held eye contact for a rather long moment before Remus looked down at his hands, blushing ever so slightly. Sirius didn't move. His chest barely even rose and fell with his breaths. 'What are you doing here Sirius?' Sirius took a sharp intake of air, but his eyes never left Remus. 'I'm on a mission' He said quietly, his voice gravely. Remus frowned. 'A mission?' 'Yes a mission' 'Will you debrief me then?' Remus asked, chancing a glance up at Sirius, only to be met by the intense stare of his mates startling grey eyes. He suppressed a shiver. 'I'm gathering intel' 'Intel?' 'Yes, I'm trying to learn exactly why a certain Remus Lupin thinks that I'm going to abandon him just because he's a werewolf' That wasn't exactly what he was expecting. He kind of guessed that they had figured it out after what Madam Pomfrey said, but he was expecting raised voices, maybe a few curses, and demands to stay away. He felt a tear trickle down his cheek and inwardly cursed his traitorous emotions. 'It's rather absurd really' Sirius continued, pinning the werewolf down with his stare, grey eyes searching green ones. 'To think that said werewolf trusts me so little after all of these years' Remus didn't answer. What could he say? He tried clearing his throat, but found a lump there that seemed to be too large to move. 'I guess it makes sense that he might be afraid, but I thought that I conveyed my support well enough, but I guess I was wrong' It was silent for a moment before Remus finally managed to tear his eyes away from the other boys. 'Where did you get those marks?' He asked again, shutting his eyes tightly, wanting the entire situation to go away. He felt a calloused hand fall gently on his cheek, but only shut his eyes tighter. 'Do you remember how in second year I told you that I'd be your friend no matter what?' Remus nodded ever so slightly, keeping his eyes shut and his head turned down. The hand on his cheek stayed. 'Then in fifth year I promised I'd always be there for you?' Remus nodded again. 'I've kept my promise' Sirius said softly 'All of us kept my promise' Realization dawned on Remus as a memory from second year entered his mind. It was just after Sirius's first promise, and he had made his way to the dormitory after a hard transformation. There was chocolate sitting on his bed with a note that said 'Eat this, you'll feel better'. Things like that continued. Not always after a full moon, but sporadically and rather often. Then, in fifth year, he would wake up from his transformations with visions of a dog, a rat, and a stag. It was comforting. Somehow, it made the pain weaker. 'y-you' Remus attempted to say, glancing up at Sirius through watery eyes, his shoulders shaking and Sirius gave him a genuine smile. 'Yeah' He said, leaning in a bit more, allowing himself to do something he'd been wanting to do for years. He kissed the werewolf, softly, and the werewolf didn't fight it. He pulled away slowly, looking intently at Remus who was, frankly, a bit shocked and overwhelmed. Sirius cracked a small grin. 'You'd find that I'd do anything for you'