delicate blond strands as he cradled the male's head—god, he never wanted to leave Draco's mouth. With a final lingering press of lips to his, Malfoy drew back slowly, allowing only a few inches between them. "How's that for not so bad?" he asked huskily. The post make-out miasma was blathering praise. Harry willed his mouth to move. "Superb, exceptional, outstanding—nothing bad— only good ." Draco chuckled as he kissed a reward on Harry's lips. "Mmm, I really should thank Weasley then for arranging our date." Harry was practically purring in agreement when he suddenly jolted. "I—wait, what? Date? Weasley?" Draco's eyes glinted audaciously. "Charlie to be precise." Harry stared up at him in utter confusion. "But he—what was all that shit with Eli then?" A wicked smile appeared on Malfoy's face. "Part of the plan, Potter. Weasley was to find the most unsuitable male he could and convince you to go to the Black Stump where I, wonderful, considerate, evening-saving Draco Malfoy, would just happen to be." Harry's mouth worked open and closed wordlessly as Malfoy's words sunk in. "That git! " "Yes," the blond purred, leaning down to trail his tongue along one of Harry's neck tendons, "an atrocious git." "Both of you are a pair of fucking— oh f-fuck , do that again." Malfoy complied, and Harry felt himself arching up off the couch at the sensation of teeth scraping his skin roughly, a delicious moan falling from his lips. "You're both arseholes," Harry panted. Malfoy made an amused sound. "Good thing you like arseholes." He bit into Harry's neck. The brunet's breath hitched. "W-Wait—how do you even know Charlie?" "Dragons," Draco replied simply. "I adore the creatures and Charlie is the most talented dragon handler I know." "Oh." "Now shut up, Potter, I wish to have my wicked way with you." Time seemed to shift then. It began in a rush of blurred shapes, sounds, and smells; Draco's moans and whimpers were like music to his ears. Clothes were discarded, articles of fabric thrown across the room. He barely remembered flipping them, Draco's heated figure undulating beneath him, long fingers knotting in his dark hair as Harry's lips marked the glorious pale skin of Malfoy's chest. The fingers clenched tighter and tighter the further down Harry travelled with his mouth, tongue teasing, teeth nipping, and Draco moaning . " H-Harry—! " And then he was swallowing, his throat convulsing delectably around the thick cock, until his nose was nestled in blond curls. Malfoy was gasping, stammered pleads passing his trembling lips. Through the haze, Harry managed to gather enough coherency to cast a wandless, non-verbal lubrication spell, his right hand becoming exceptionally slick and soon, a slippery finger was sheathing itself inside Draco's warmth. " Oh, f-fuck! Harry—Harry, please— " Draco's back arched almost painfully, legs falling further apart. " H-Harry, I can't—oh, gods, I'm going to come if you k-keep doing— " Another sharp intake of breath. " P-please, not yet… not yet… with you, Harry—I want to c-come with you inside me— " Draco's eyes were pools of pure arousal, dark and glazed, as Harry looked up the length of his body, allowing the cock to slip from between his lips. The blond whimpered. He watched, transfixed, as Harry kept a sturdy pace with his finger while he moved back up towards him. Draco's eyes fell to reddened and swollen lips. Capturing Malfoy's mouth with his, Harry pushed a second finger inside, swallowing Draco's moan as he began to scissor the digits. Time was speeding up again. Fingers were moving, stretching, penetrating . And Draco was moaning, sobbing, begging for Harry to fuck him already. Three fingers. Four fingers. And with one final whispered plea into Harry's mouth, he complied, coating his impatiently aching cock with the remainder of the lubricant on his hand. Then he was moving, kissing Draco sweetly, pushing himself against Draco's entrance. And slid inside with one gentle, smooth stroke. Time slowed. Stopped. Harry could feel himself trembling, holding himself back so Draco could adjust, his eyes squeezed tightly shut. So good, so good, he feels so good… Draco… A gentle hand was pressing on his neck, pulling him down. He opened his eyes. " Move ," Draco breathed, kissing him roughly. Harry did. His hips flexed, his thrusts working a rhythm that drew beautiful gasps from Draco's throat. He quickened his pace every time his lover urged him, angling himself until he hit that spot just right . With a furious cry, Draco came. His seed splashed against his pale chest in a series of glorious spurts, his body stretching in a display of pure ecstasy. And Harry, his cock now massaged by the convulsing muscles in Malfoy's perfect arse, felt his orgasm rip through him, flooding the tight channel with come. It wasn't until his head was resting on his lover's shoulder, a soothing finger tracing his lips, that Harry realised he had been moaning Draco's name. He sucked gentle, open-mouth kisses on the damp skin of Draco's neck, enjoying the feel of arms wrapping around him securely. Harry felt his eyes close, content in Draco's embrace as they both drifted in post orgasmic bliss. One year later. Something soft brushed against Harry's mouth. For a moment, his sleep-addled brain was unable to recognise what it was exactly, until he felt it again, pressing more firmly. His lips curled into a smile as they parted, accepting the gently probing tongue with an exuberant, drowsy sigh. "Happy Valentine's Day, love." "Mmm, Happy Valentine's," Harry replied sleepily, reaching out to pull the warm body lying beside him closer. A head came to rest on his chest and one of Harry's hand immediately delved into the delicate strands as he angled his head to press a kiss to blond hair. "Don't think you're getting out of pancake duty by acting all sweet, love." Another smile quirked at his lips, his body positively humming with delight. "I wouldn't dream of it, Draco."