little step to change the character of your relationship. But by Salazar, I want you." The longer he spoke, the stronger his conviction grew. Oh yes, Hermione had no doubt how much Draco Malfoy wanted her. She groaned inwardly, her normally so organised brain in an overload. She was a bookworm, an insufferable know-it-all, and still she apparently had two attractive, intelligent men waiting on her doorstep. She wished she had kept the time-turner to go back and tell her thirteen-years-old self that things would, really, get better. She sat on the nearby bench with a huff, torn between hysterical laughter, giggling and crying at the sheer insanity of it all. Then, her rational side finally took the reins again, and she started to think. Really think, while Draco remained standing by her side, unmoving and as patiently as she had never seen him. It may have been some minutes, or it could easily been an hour that thoughts raced through her head like lightning, before she brandished her wand with determination, sending her otter patronus out. Draco merely raised an eyebrow questioningly, and Hermione bestowed only a smile on him before Harry arrived, slightly flushed in his haste to follow her call. Upon spotting his partner, he slowed his steps. "Is everything alright? Your patronus sounded urgent." "We will see, Harry. I've done some thinking." Both men chuckled silently at her admission. She fixed them with a stern glance. "Harry you have to know that Draco submitted a similar...proposition like you." "Merlin, Hermione, no need to be so clinical about it. The tension between the two of you could ignite a fire in the North Sea." The ease her best friend spoke with, utterly devoid of jealousy or ire, strengthened the woman's resolve to pursue her plan. Brown orbs connected with grey. "I'm aware this custom hasn't been exactly common in the past decade, though it has a long tradition among the pureblood elite. Originally established as a way to help the lesser number of witches out and still procure legitimate heirs-" "Damnit. Leave it to Hermione Granger to figure out the most brilliant way out of this misery and still follow the wizard society's rules," Draco whistled. Harry, on the other side, reacted bewildered. "What do you imply, Hermione?" he addressed the witch. "Well… I can't chose between the two of you... So I won't." She was very much aware of the stubborn timbre behind her words. Harry's confusion was still evident, and so Draco stepped in, a wicked smile on his handsome face. "Our nymph won't settle for either you, her best friend, the Chosen One, or me, the Malfoy heir. She wants both of us. At the same time…" To say Harry was surprised would be an understatement. "Just for clarification: A triad?" Hermione and Draco nodded before the blond added, "I'm in." The tingle in Hermione's abdomen was back with full force. With an expectant smile, she focused on the green eyed wizard. "What do you think, Harry?" she inquired softly. "That this is crazy. I came here to declare my love to my best friend tonight, awaiting to maybe damage our friendship or finally take a step towards something more. This option, well; it didn't even exist in my head." "But I want to explore something beyond friendship with you. Nothing has ever felt more right." "And that makes me happier than you could ever guess." Harry ran a single finger over her cheek. "But here's the thing: I'm not as open in my sexuality as Draco," the blond shrugged his shoulders at the other wizard's words, "maybe we aren't compatible or something." "Harry," Hermione sighed, "I don't expect you to fool around with him with me watching. Though, I want you to understand that I want to be with him very much. And not only in a sexual way." "Alas, you'll find I'm even more irresistible than usual when it comes to that, Potter." Draco winked, and this typical cocky gesture of his did loads to alleviate the tension. For a while, nothing happened. But when Harry's lips curled into a carefully confident smile, Hermione's heart soared. "I've fulfilled everybody's expectations since I was eleven years old. It's about time that I decide on my own, don't you think? I've loved you for far too long to let this opportunity pass, Hermione. And, even if I'm not into guys, I've come to trust you with my life, Draco. And that is an important basis for a relationship." Another wave of relief washed over her, and she could see Draco relax even more. Before she could say something, however, Harry raised his voice again, this time with a mischievous sparkle in his eyes. "To make it clear: I'm the one who informs Lucius." When the clock struck twelve a little later, Hermione shared the first kiss with Harry. She revelled how much in synch they were and still it meant an entire new category of love and desire to finally give into their long-harboured feelings. The following kiss with Draco was different in an exhilarating way: his heart beat so fast under her hand on his chest, his tongue traced so carefully over her bottom lip to ask for entrance -he wasn't only after physical satisfaction, he presented her his heart and soul. And she would give hers to him and Harry in return. She felt herself looking into the future with exciting expectations. Even if they surely had hindrances to overcome and obstacles to fight among themselves and others, she felt like an entirely new chapter of her life had just begun. A/N: *ducks and runs* I KNOW, CRAZY! I must say that MrBenzedrine recent one-shot 'The Secret' totally rekindled my liking of Harmony, though Dramione is the best ship EVER in my eyes, like, seriously, why didn't it appear in canon? If you like, leave a review or a cookie at my doorstep. P.S.: Can anyone identify the Big Bang Theory reference?