the last thread of self-control, wanting to show her only pleasure. "Look at me 'Mione... I want to see your beautiful eyes..." The flush in her cheeks deepening, she looked up at his command, meeting his gaze. "You are perfect..." Harry said before he thrust himself fully into her, stilling as he felt himself tear through her virginity; tears springing to her eyes as he gazed into them. 'Oh fuck...' He thought to himself in mild panic 'I didn't know she was a virgin... Shit!' He held himself perfectly still inside her, trying to let her adjust to the feel of him filling her. The feeling of her wrapped around his cock, squeezing him like a vice with her inexperience, something inside him changed. 'I have to make this special for her...' he mentally concluded. 'Have to make it as perfect as she deserves.' Harry leaned down, kissing her gently on the cheek, tenderly reassuring her. using his free hand he slowly caressed her upper body, his thumb brushing over her hardened nipple. Softly, he kissed along the tear tracks on her face, trying to sooth away all of her pain. "Beautiful Hermione." He whispered against her skin. Once he felt her relaxing under him once more, he slowly began to move; carefully withdrawing his length, all but the head, before pushing back in, inch by inch. He knew she had bled, he could feel the slick wet proof of her innocence as he took her; his hand gently massaging her breast, teasing her nipple with his fingers. It was about her. Her pleasure; her enjoyment. Rolling his hips, he ground himself deeper into her, dragging a loud moan from her. Harry thought the initial pain must have subsided because now he could feel her responding more and more. he could feel her hips shifting to meet his. Her hands sliding along his sides as she sought something to hold on to. Moving his free hand lower between them, he brushed his thumb over her clit as he began to move a little faster, angling his hips so as to hit that deepest part of her. Hermione began to tighten around him, her breath coming in a ragged pant. Suddenly she exploded around him, her tight inner walls clamping down around his rod inside her, Harry's name on her lips in a feral scream of pleasure. Feeling her combust around his cock he couldn't stop his reaction; erupting inside her, pouring every drop of his hot seed into her, her name a hoarse shout. Breathing heavily, he eases himself out of her, kissing her once more as he does. Harry sits back on his knees to kneel between her legs, admiring the way she looked, splayed out, panting and still flushed from sex. Getting more comfortable he finally removes his trousers the rest of the way. Tossing them away to join his shirt he reaches for Hermione, helping her rid herself of the remainder of her uniform. Noticing a bowl beside the pillow he looks a little closer and realizes it's water, with a cloth draped over the side. Smiling at the ever prepared Room of Requirement, he reaches over and picks it up. Leaning down, he kisses her navel softly. "Let me clean you..." He whispers against her soft belly. Sitting back on his knees once more he dips the cloth into the surprisingly warm water. Shifting slightly he sets the water bowl down just beyond the pillows where he found it. Looking up at her, Harry begins to carefully clean away the proof of her newly lost innocence. As he works he kisses her knee a time or two, reaching out and using his hand to spread her lips, making sure to clean her thoroughly. As soon as he was done he dropped the rag back into the bowl and lay down beside her, pulling her back into his arms. Smiling as she came to him willingly, he pressed a kiss to her temple. "Are you alright?" Harry inquired softly, his hands playing gently up and down her spine. "Better than fine Harry..." Hermione replied. "I've never felt like this before..." she said into his chest. "So full and happy and just...right." "Me either..." Harry said, one of his hands reaching out and pulling her leg back up over his hip. "I never want this to end." He admitted. The feeling he'd gotten as he took her, knowing that he was the only one to have ever been inside her. It was a heady thing and he didn't know if he wanted to share that. He'd thought he had felt something for Ginny, but that was nothing compared to the feeling he had at that moment, there with Hermione wrapped in his arms. "I want you..." He whispered against her hair. "Harry I..." she started, stopped, cleared her throat, and tried again. "I don't want this feeling to end." She said. "I've never felt so... alive. So beautiful, as I do right now." Harry smiled at her words, loving the way she nuzzled his chest softly. "Hermione, you are beautiful..." Harry said gently, reaching up and tipping her head up to press a soft kiss to her lips. "I have never seen anyone so beautiful. I only wish I'd taken a moment to see it sooner." Another gentle kiss. "Please say you'll be mine, I don't think I could bear the thought of anyone else touching you the way I have." "Oh Harry..." She said, his name a soft moan. "Yes... " Whatever else she was about to say was cut off as he claimed her mouth in another searing kiss. They didn't leave the Room of Requirement that night... or for three nights after that. They lay among the pillows just talking, touching, getting to know each other's bodies as intimately as they had known each other's minds for so long. That was the night that Harry fell, completely and whole-heartedly, in love with his best friend.