he would be happy to see the Potions Master. " What now?" Harry glanced at Tonks, her once bright hair a dull grey. As far as Harry knew, both her parents had been killed. Silence followed her question, and Harry fisted his hands in an effort not to reach for his wand. He looked up, his eyes locking with Snape's for a fraction of a second, then glanced at the people around him. He tried not to linger on Mrs. Weasley heartbroken expression, nor think that Mr. Weasley would never ask him about Muggle things again. " We contact Voldemort." Harry looked right at Snape. He ignored the confused looks and the shouted questions. "Now." For a moment, he thought Snape would sneer and be the same as always—a part of him wanted that, wanted that shred of normalcy—then the dour man gave a sharp nod and was gone before anyone could stop him. Harry ignored Ron's cackle as he eviscerated a vampire. Sure, his best friend might sound a little mad, but then again, weren't they all a little mad these days? A little darker? Harry didn't even look when the kid that was beside him fell to the ground; he pointed his wand, "Fiedfyre!" and watched both vampire and kid go up in flames. The kid had been bitten, better he burn now than let him turn and return to the battle later, only this time fighting for the other side. This too, they had learned early on in the war. He had lost count of the number of loved ones he had seen die, only to have to kill them a second time. It was the hardest thing he had ever done in his life, and if a little part of him died with them every time no one but him had to know. Well, him and Voldemort. Truce. He still couldn't believe that Voldemort had actually agreed to it. Then again, when you were faced with extinction, allying with a former enemy didn't seem so bad. Enemy of my enemy is my friend and all that. Voldemort had offered the Manors of his followers, the ones sufficiently warded at least; the students and the few adults at Grimmauld had been spread through those Manors, and Grimmauld… well, that had been turned into Headquarters for the Light and Dark coalition. They were neither Death Eaters nor Order Members at the moment. Voldemort, however, was still very much the Dark Lord, and Harry… well, it seemed that even in this situation he couldn't escape the title of Chosen One. The Light turned to him to save them. Not from Voldemort now, but from the Vampires. Hermione had always said that he had a 'saving people' thing. " Potter!" Harry looked back up; Voldemort was glaring at him, though malice was lacking in his eyes. " Yes?" Voldemort sneered. "Tell your Light people that if they want to survive this war, they aim to kill. There are no second chances, understood?" Harry sighed, leaning back in his armchair. It had only been a month. It felt like a year. "They would do as you tell them if you looked human, you know?" Harry closed his eyes, throwing an arm over his face. "It's human versus them, now." He startled when he felt a hand wrap around his wrist and lower his arm. He looked up into crimson eyes, which looked far more human than he remembered. "I know," Voldemort told him. "I am working on it." Voldemort dropped his wrist, and Harry got up. It was time to gather the troops. Harry glanced up when he heard a roar coming from the far left of the battlefield. He stared, as did many others, at the gigantic dragon looming over them. Only one person could control Fiendfyre that well. He grinned. Voldemort wanted to play, who was he to deny him? He fueled magic into his own Fiendfyre, an answering roar coming from his own dragon. "Retreat!" He heard Ron shout, and laughter bubbled up his throat. He caught crimson eyes across the battlefield, a fierce grin mirroring his own, and they unleashed hell upon their enemies. " I was wondering where you were." Harry turned around, ignoring the soft groans coming from behind him. " Why were you looking for me?" Voldemort raised an eyebrow. "It has become tradition for you to welcome the new soldiers. They will be arriving shortly." Harry snorted, shaking his head. "You don't scare the children anymore, Voldemort. They quite enjoy looking at your pretty face." Absorbing one of his Horcruxes did more than give Voldemort a pretty face, much to Harry's surprise, his sanity made a comeback as well; well, most of it anyway. Harry turned back around. He didn't tense when he felt Voldemort move closer to him, not even when he felt the heat coming from the taller man. " You've become quite Dark, haven't you, my Chosen One?" Harry snarled, turning around, "I'm Light!" Voldemort made show of looking at the shackled vampire, bones broken, blood sluggishly flowing from open wounds. " You're the darkest Light I've ever known." "And you're not as Dark-" Harry was cut off before he could finish. He felt soft lips on his, claiming him with a hunger that would put any vampire to shame. His hands fastened on Voldemort's robes, to either pull him closer or push away, not even Harry knew. Moments later Voldemort pulled away. " Come, my Chosen One. Let us greet our soldiers." Harry took his hand. Harry met Voldemort in the middle of an ash covered battlefield, one of many that were now spread across Britain. Voldemort pulled him into his arms, devouring his lips with ravenous hunger. Harry smiled into the kiss, knowing his lover would forgive him for joining the battle, as he had done many times before. A.N. : Thank you to my wonderful teammates, agentmopped and Kefalion, for beta'ing this story. You guys are amazing.