one of the most beautiful women Rupa had ever seen. She had twisted black hair, that was even longer than Rupa's and her eyes were a lovely shade of brown. Most of the time, Rupa thought she looked like a one of the ancient Queen's of Africa, but at the moment, with her best friend lying on the floor, she looked more like a sack of potatoes than a great painter. 'Come on,' Rupa whispered, brushing the woman's hair away from her face as her eyes began to flutter. 'Wake up,' 'Ruppie, is that you?' Genie whispered. 'No, it's the chicken from Old McDonald's farm,' Rupa snapped. 'Of course, it's me, Gen, who do you think I was, Mr Holland from next door?' 'I wish it were,' Genie grumbled, looking up at her friend. 'You're ugly as shit,' 'Thanks, Gen, love you too.' Rupa said. Carefully, she managed to manoeuvre her friend into a sitting position, and after a few curses and angry comments from Genie, the bartender and the artist were lying on the sofa, their feet in the air. 'What the fuck did you do?' Rupa asked as Genie clutched her head. 'I got dumped again,' she moaned. 'By Kyle?' 'Yeah, by Kyle,' Genie muttered. Frowning Rupa wrapped her arms around her friend and squeezed her tight. 'Where's Rosie?' 'She's asleep,' the woman responded, resting her head on Rupa's shoulder. 'She conked out pretty quick.' At only twenty-three, not many people realised that Genie was a mother. Maybe it had something to do with her mental nature, but when Rupa first met Genie, she would never have guessed that she had a child. Rosie was now seven and had come into his world via her mother's love and her father's ignorance to use a condom. At sixteen, Genie both gained and lost a family, when her biological parents threw her out, and her boyfriend dumped her, but in return, Genie had gained a little girl who she cherished more than anything. 'Lucky her, she won't have to listen to my horrible voice then.' Rupa said. 'So you took the opportunity to get drunk,' 'Hey,' Genie drawled, raising her hand. 'You like vodka too!' 'So. That doesn't mean I'd get drunk 'cus a guy left me,' Rupa said. Genie snorted and chuckled deeply. 'You've never been in a relationship,' she snorted, 'so stop giving the advice.' Rupa rolled her eyes. 'I have too. There was Oliver in Sixth Form,' 'High school doesn't count!' Genie whispered, pointing shaking finger in between Rupa's eyes. 'And what the hell is "Sixth Form"?' Rupa sighed. 'Doesn't matter,' the bartender replied. 'Did you manage to get that painting done?' 'You mean the one of John Lawley? Yeah, did it this afternoon. He wanted his smile to have teeth - do you know how fucking creepy a portrait looks with teeth?' 'Not really?' Rupa admitted. Genie shivered. 'It's gonna give me nightmares.' 'Speaking of nightmares, has Rosie stopped having them?' Rupa asked. 'I hope so. She's driving me mad.' Genie suddenly doubled over, clutching her head. 'Ah fuck, my head!' 'You're going to be worse in the morning,' Rupa muttered, patting her friend's back. 'You're a bitch, you know that.' Genie groaned. Rupa grinned and hoisted her friend to her feet. 'Come on, Gen lets get you to bed,' Slowly, the two mannered their way around the living room furniture, and into Genie's room. The double bed in the middle of the room was in desperate need of a paint job, and half of the wooden slats were broken. Water dropped from the leaky ceiling, a probably caused by Mr Upstairs-Neighbour who refused to fix his leaking bathtub. A thin window right above the leaking roof was the only source of natural light, and at the moment a thick beam of electrical light shimmered down from the street above. Genie and Rupa's basement flat was not the prettiest, not the most watertight building int he planet, but for two poorly paid woman in a world run by men, it was the best they could do. Once Rupa had dumped her friend on her bed and forced Genie to drink a glass of water, the bartender quickly snuck out of the painter's room and into her how thin dwelling. Mould clung to the walls, turning the white paint a strange grey colour and making the room absolutely freezing. Her small bed, which her sister's husband, Barry had made out of an old greenhouse frame, was subjected in the only non-mouldy part of the room. Books from the local bookstore lay scattered across the floor, and while some were written in English, most were given as birthday gifts from her father and were all written in Hindi. A small wardrobe hung to the right of Rupa's bed, and as she slipped off her coat, the young woman quickly hung it inside, throwing her shoes against the wardrobe's floor. As Rupa reached for her pyjamas that lay on her bed, she suddenly realised that she had forgotten to remove the tiny Shiva statue from inside her skirt pocket. The statute in question had been a late eighteenth birthday present from her grandmother before she had died. Although Rupa practised Hinduism very loosely, she still felt a strange attachment to the god. Whether it was because she believed in him, or if it was her grandmother's final memory that made Rupa keep the tiny statue close to her, she was unsure. The bartender smiled as the street lamp yellow glow fell across the golden statue, highlighting Shiva's third eye. Sighing, Rupa placed the tiny statue on a stack of books, and after making sure it was not about to fall off the mountain of tomes, quickly changed into her pyjamas and collapsed onto her bed. Tomorrow would be a new day, and more importantly, she would not have to meet Loudy or that brat Sirius ever again. It wouldn't take Rupa very long to realise how wrong she was.