his hands through Draco's blond hair, "I was happy to hear that you cared about me before you knew my name." Draco closes his eyes and enjoys the feeling of Harry's hands in his hair for a while and licks his lips remembering the kisses he had gotten. The licking must have reminded Harry too since he starts to kiss him again and Draco is only too happy to go along. He's still not sure if this is a good idea. But it feels so good to have his Harry here with him. And he seems happy too and it really feels like Harry is very much into the kissing. His hands start to move over Draco's body who in turn starts to map out Harry's lithe body. "Draco?" Harry mumbles between kissing, "How much longer do you think you'll need to stay in the hospital wing until you recover?" "Why?" Draco questions. "Because as you might remember, I'd rather not have our first time in here and I really like the kissing!" Harry reminds him blushing a little. Draco looks deeply into his eyes before he asks, "And where would you like our first time to be? And didn't you also want to take things slow?" "Anywhere elsewhere." Harry shrugs. "And screw slow!" Draco grins while Harry is kissing him again until Draco moves his mouth to say "In that case, how about we bail because thanks to your kissing, I feel more than fine!" "I love the idea." Harry replies and both boys run off to have some fun! Nearly a year has passed since Harry got together with his Veela and in just two months the year will be over and they'll leave Hogwarts. So far the hadn't talked about what they'd do then. Harry isn't even sure what he wants to do. He wanted to become an Auror and is still certain that he'd be good at it and isn't sure what else he could do and be good at it, but he's also not sure if it really is what he'd want to do with the rest of his life. Does he really want to run after dark wizards for the rest of his life? He had been thinking about it but the only other thing he can come up with his raising his and Draco's kids while Draco goes to work. Right now he's lying in a bed in the Room of Requirement with Draco in his arms. He watches the blond boy sleep for the moment and decides to talk to him about what he'd like to do after school when he wakes up because one thing Harry does know, he wants to stay close to him after one year of nearly spending every night in this room together. "Stop thinking so loud!" Draco suddenly mumbles and cuddles closer. "Why are you always up so damn early?" "Because I always had to stand up early when I was little." Harry sighs, "I'm kind of used to it. And I'm not thinking loud." "You are thinking though." Draco grumbles. "And you get tense when you think and that wakes me up so stop." Harry chuckles and says, "You could kiss me to distract me." Draco looks at him and smiles before he kisses him again before he whispers, "You really like to kiss don't you?" "Only you." Harry whispers. "But as distracting as your kisses always are, we should talk about what we'll do after Hogwarts." Draco's smile disappears before he asks worriedly, "What do you want to do?" "Honestly, I'm not sure." Harry sighs. "I guess I'd train to be an Auror since that is pretty much all I can do." "You could do whatever." Draco sighs, "You are the boy hero anyone would give you a job." "But I want a job I can do. One I'm good at." Harry replies, "Either way, what do you want to do." "I don't know, depends." Draco blushes. "Depends on what?" Harry questions. "I always wanted to work in the Ministry and make sure that things would go better for everyone you know, the purebloods and the muggleborns that they work and live together better without prejudices." Draco explains before he blushes., "But I also want to be around you and do whatever to make yo happy." Harry smiles at him and gives him another kiss and says, "You make me happy Draco, no matter what you do." After that Harry gives him another Kiss and says, "And I love what you want to do Draco and I'm sure you would be great at it. I want to support you. But there is something else I want on top." "And what would that be?" Harry asks worriedly. "I want a family with you." Harry replies and nearly laughs at the surprised look on Draco's face. "I want to move live with you and hold you in my arms every single night. I want to have children with you and to be honest, I don't think I really want to be an Auror all my life. I want to be your husband and raise our children." Draco stares at him still surprised and when Harry summons a ring from his pants pocket and adds, "I love you Draco. And I mean it, I want to be your husband, if you'll have me" The blond just grabs him and starts to kiss him again. Draco doesn#t stop for some time but when he does he whispers, "I love you too Harry, you know I want you and I'd love to start a family with you and give you as many kids as you want." "How about we try and beat the Weasley's?" Harry suggests grinning. "In that case, we should start right now." Draco grins. "Best idea you ever had my love" Harry replies before he kisses him once again and both are going to be late for their first two classes that day but deliriously happy.