want you to come over. As you can see, they obviously weren't destroyed. And now we're more or less stuck together." "Cass, that's Tom Riddle. You know you're living with Tom Riddle, right? Why didn't you destroy the book?" "Trust me, I've tried," Ava glared at Tom and his stupidly false smile. "He just wouldn't die." "Death never really suited us, you see. Call it stubbornness, but it's just a fact of life." Thanatos smiled from his perch near the window. "The friend's manners are just as bad as our little bird's." Tom mused. Aurora whipped around to face the new(?) voice, her eyes growing wide. Ava, on the other hand, walked over and sat on her bed. "Might as well get comfortable. This is going to take a while." "What a beautiful visitor!" Riddle's voice floated above the rest as he stepped confidently forward. Taking the Aurora's hand in his own, he smoothly brought it to his lips and gently kissed it. "It's a pleasure, my dear. Please don't be afraid. We don't bite…" He cooed before stepping back to give her space once again. "I…oh!" Aurora's head was spinning and she blushed at the contact and pretty words. "T-thank you." She looked over to Ava for assistance. The only response she received was a look of "you-asked-for-this". Although, Ava did make some sort of gagging gesture at Riddles sickly-sweet words. Amused, Cidarim watched Riddle charm this 'Aurora' as easily as anyone else. Thumbing a page in his book he recrossed legs and offered a dazzling smile without approaching. "You might want to consider sanitizing that. One never knows where," Cidarim flicked a finger at Riddle. "That one, has been." Aurora almost didn't see him at first, so she had to look around to find the owner of the voice. "I'm sorry, what do you mean by that?" "He's basically saying that Riddle tends to whore himself out for his connections," Ava replied. She stood up and clapped her hands together. "Well. Now that we're all acquainted, can Aurora and I go eat now?" "But we were just getting comfortable, I wanted to hear her speak a little more." Tom pouted cutely. "She seems like she would tell the best stories." A clap of hands and Cidarim stood, book forgotten on the sofa as he glided over to Tom. Long fingers mussed dark hair with a quiet hum. "Why don't we all join them for dinner? Even being such as we should eat…" Cidarim turned a shark-like smile upon Ava as feet touched the ground and he breezed to Aurora with a flourish of wrist and bow. "Hello, Aurora… you wouldn't mind if we joined you?" Lashes fluttered and lips parted earnestly. Riddle shot a glare at Cidarim and Ava for their biting comments. "They simply mean that I appreciate beauty when I come across it, dear Aurora." He added, eying her appreciatively. At the mention of being part of the dinner plans, his eyes lit up with delight. "Oh, what a wonderful idea." He agreed. "We may not need food for sustenance, but it certainly is lovely to dine among such dazzling company." Ava sneered, her top lip curled in disgust at Cidarim's triumphant smile, before turning to Tom. "Don't pout. You're not a bloody child." She chided, and moved to put herself in between the young men and her easily swayed friend. "You lot can get your own food. You're not joining us. And if it's company you desire, there are three other people you're free to talk to." "I dunno Cass. It could be fun…" Aurora's head was spinning, completely caught up in the moment. Poor girl. She really had no idea what she'd signed up for. In mock hurt Tom placed a hand on his chest. "You're too cruel, Cass. Listen to Miss Aurora, it could be fun."' In, what was a rare gesture for him, Tom stood and grabbed Aurora's hand, kissing it lightly. "How much do you know about me, about my fellow Horcruxes?" He asked charmingly, completely ignoring the eye rolling and almost fuming Ava. Riddle gave Tom a subtle, approving nod and seemed almost prideful as the younger man stepped forward to charm the young lady. He shot Ava a self-indulgent, satisfied grin while Aurora's attention was diverted before turning back to the newcomer, a sparkle of hope in his eyes. "It will be so much fun, Aurora, I assure you! I would really love to get to know you better. Wouldn't you love to spend some time with us as well?" "Then it is decided?" Cidarim cooed with a pointed look to Ava. "I do believe majority rules." Brows quirked and he turned a pout and rounded eyes on Aurora. "She is a true tyrant. You wouldn't believe the cruelties your friend subjects us to." A forlorn sigh, wistful as he scanned the bland walls of Ava's apartment. "Of course we are all quite intrigued by such… promising company." Ava's jaw tensed at Tom's mocking use of Aurora's nickname. She hated being called "Cass". The only reason Aurora was allowed to use it was because she always forgot, and Ava was long past reminding her. "She's really not that bad," Aurora said in response to Cidarim. "You should have seen her when she was younger. Sometimes I can't believe she's the same person! But I would definitely be interested in getting to know you all. Textbooks only have so much information in them; even less over in America. Please, Cass? Just this once?" "Fine," Ava spit out bitterly, trying to ignore everyone's blatant attempts to piss her off. "But I'm not paying." She knew she couldn't win this one, no matter how hard she tried. Damn cocky bastards. As much as she wanted to tell them to go ahead without her, she wasn't about to let her best friend willing walk away into the lion's den. Aurora was lucky Ava loved her enough to suffer through a meal with them.