About "START" points, and the spasms in his own flesh every time he watched her hands land somewhere on Ron. It's all right there, a breath hung in his throat. But then her fingertips come to rest on the inside of his wrist, and he knows he doesn't have to say a thing when Hermione's clever enough to count it out for herself - want,want,want,want pounding through his veins at one hundred beats per minute. "Ulna…," she says, fingers traveling, and then, "radius…," with a roll of her thumb. Her eyes fall from his, and Harry watches her watch herself touch him, watches the tip of her tongue wet her lips and the colour rise in her cheeks as her palm slides over the contours of his upper arm. "Humerus…," she trembles out, then, "clavicle…." Everything is swollen - time, sounds, the light, his skin, his heart. Hermione's fingers, both hands, now, skim the day's stubble dotting the curve of his lower jaw. "Mandible…," she says, thumbs rubbing crescents on his chin. And she doesn't seem put off, but Harry wishes he'd thought to shave after practice. Wishes he'd been bothered, made an extra effort for her. I didn't know , he wants to say, I wasn't sure... but when he parts his lips to speak, he's suddenly struck dumb as her middle fingers stroke volts into the points of bone beneath his earlobes. "Mastoid process…," she says, moving closer, pushing into his hair, her touch stilling at the curve of his skull. She can't see her hands anymore, so she looks at his lips, instead. Harry's own hands pulse, hang fisted at his sides, total self-denial being the only viable form of restraint. "Occipital…" she whispers, eyes flicking up to meet his - now, or never? - and Harry finally bends, breaks, his mouth slotting with hers before she can stretch to meet him halfway. He steps into her, then, hands loosed, seeking, searching out all the things about her his eyes weren't built to see. Delicate bones and a limbre spine, the throb of her heartbeat against his own chest, how she's constructed to curve into one perfect handful of flesh after another. Drive and instinct. Noise and heat. He seems to have had his eyes closed for a very long while, and somehow they've ended up in the kitchen, his glasses in the sink, Hermione perched on the counter, nipping that point of bone beneath his earlobe and scrabbling at his belt. Harry wants to commit every second to memory, every goose-bump he raises opening her cardigan, every brush of her knuckles, the sound of their breath bouncing off each other's skin. It's simply not possible, though, not in this state between Doing and Wanting. Not when the way they're touching makes him want everything at once - to fly, and cry, to fuck her in a cocoon of red sheets, to lay against her, pink and sweat-damp, his hot, prickly face buried in the curve of her neck, eyes closed, just breathing… Hermione draws her fingers down the bare skin of his back, sucks his tongue the same languid way he's known her to suck the occasional toffee, the glassy tip of a sugar quill. "Savouring" would be the right word, like he's her after-dinner sweet, and Harry slows his frenzied groping, rests his hands at her hips, digs his fingers into the seams of her jeans and, for a few seconds, holds tight. This , he'll remember. This, and her little smile at the Snitches patterning his shorts. The way she rolls her arse cheeks up from the counter, one, then the other, so he can pull away knickers and all. How they both look down to watch, heads touching, when he finally pushes himself inside her. Her hair everywhere, in his hands, his mouth. The clunk-thunk of his belt buckle against the cabinet doors. How when she leans into him then reaches below where they join, when she cups him where he hangs with the warm cage of her hand, she lays a kiss on his shoulder, gives him two things at once. Miles , he thinks, as her whisper, his name, tickles his lips. Miles , as her grip tightens around the back of his neck, her thighs to his waist. Thousands of open receptors seeking , as his fingers slip through her sweat, as she arcs forward in one big clench, nails digging, lips parted, breath caught, eyes on his, setting him off, willowy tendrils, a fusion of white, their miles and miles of nerves an infinite tangle, his and hers, lighting up, blowing out, a mutually sustained systemic short-circuit. He holds her face, finds her mouth, sags against her as his knees finally give. A few drawn out kisses and then they're just leaning, temples together, her breath uneven, hot against his ear. Harry closes his eyes, grins to himself over her shoulder, thinks he likes the sound of her loads more than Wood's song from this morning. This, he could listen to all night - Hermione, spent and panting, sighing out the tail-end of a little laugh. "I like your Snitches," she whispers, grinds a staggeringly filthy hip-roll against his groin and snaps the waistband of his shorts to the back of his knee with her toe. Three things at once. Harry wraps his arms tight around her, smiles silently at her word-play, at the sudden, queer sting behind his eyes, wonders since when is he so easily overwhelmed. "Is that the correct anatomic term?" he whispers back, nudges her hair with his nose to make way for his lips. She tips her head, offertory. Please, please, please, take this, and Harry finds her pulse with his tongue , breaks into chills at the stroke of her fingertips low on his spine. "Probably not," she says, locking her ankles behind his back. "But you're an incredibly helpful study aid, and I've got all weekend to revise." .fin. Thanks for reading!