it, she genuinely wasn't 100% sure what happened in the Death Chamber (capitalisation needed). Glancing over at Lupin, and seeing the anguish in his eyes as glanced down at his hands, presumably cursing his luck, fearful that his nephew was going to do something stupid. Hermione knew that Harry seemed to constantly lurch from one stupid situation to the next, only seeming to survive on a dumb luck flowing through his veins. Shaking her head, she knew that she would have to run after Harry. She just hoped she could catch up with him before he did something incredibly stupid. Turning around she sprinted out of the room, intent on finding her wayward friend and possibly wringing his scrawny little neck for dragging them all into this mess. Putting one foot in front of the other, Hermione flew up past the steps facing the arch with the fluttering curtain; she barely slowed down to glance over at Neville, who had broken his nose when a wayward fist had smashed into his nose leaving blood streaming from his nose down to his collar. Neville's legs were waving in the air like an overturned beetle, and a worried pink-haired Tonks was leaning over him her lips moving as she tried to find the correct counter-curse. Lurching to a sudden halt when she burst through the door to the circular room with the many doors, Hermione pressed her eyes closed not wanting to become dizzy when the room started to spin around her. Opening her eyes, Hermione felt a small sense of relief as the door with the flaming cross was in front still merrily burning away. Maybe her life was beginning to look up. Wrenching the door open, Hermione ran full tilt towards the lifts. Flying over the short flight of stairs before the lift, Hermione passed by a groaning Ginny Weasley her head leant to the side with a pained grimace crossing her face. Not wanting to stop and see if her red-headed was stop, Hermione briefly shook her head, making a mental note to check on her friend later. Hammering the button to the lift, Hermione groaned as the lift seemed to take a long time in coming. Finally, the lift stopped in front of her; the doors opening as Hermione threw herself through the doors. Spinning on her heels as she slammed her hand on the button for the lobby, shifting her weight from foot to foot, as she watched the brass dial showing the slow ascent of the lift up to the lobby. Nervously taking out the bobble from her hair and tying it all back up again trapping all of the errant flyaway hairs. Balancing on the balls of her feet, Hermione hopped up and down again; she prepared herself to go and enter into God only knows what. Finally, the bell to the lift rang, prompting her to take a deep breath of Oxygen, forcing herself to remain in control. Running from the lift, Hermione lifted her arms trying to protect herself from the raining of glass shards from piercing her face. Wincing as she felt the glass bouncing off her arms leaving small shooting pains emanating from every point of impact. Skidding to a sudden stop, as she took in the scene in front of her, it looked a magnificent battle was being fought between Voldemort and Dumbledore, both of them shooting at each other from their wands. Her eyes scanning the room, she took in Harry cowered beneath the golden statues that had obviously been taken from the large, proud, beautiful statue in the centre of the atrium. Not wanting to overplay her hand, Hermione dawdled at the corner of the elevator biting her lip trying to choose who she goes and help. Her friendship is winning out she ran over towards Harry, who had crumpled down beneath the statues roaring out with pain. Hermione skidded to a stop, trying to figure out what her next step should be, no amount of reading could ever prepare her for seeing her friend in what Harry was acting like he was in intense agony. Attempting to move the statue by her hands but having no such luck, the damn thing must have weighed a tonne; there was no way she could shift it on her own, not without working out a small crane type system on the fly. And she was fresh out of ideas. Hermione ducked out of the way when the heavy golden statue was suddenly launched through the air. Watching as her friend curled over into a foetal position clutching at his head, roaring out in agony, Hermione felt a sickness she had never felt before clutching at her stomach. Hermione felt like she did know what she could do, knowing that her friend was in intense agony. "THIS IS YOUR GREAT CHAMPION DUMBLEDORE? I SEE NOTHING THAT MAKES THIS CHILD WORTHWHILE; HE IS WORTH NOTHING, HE HAS ONLY ESCAPED DEATH AND ENCOUNTERING ME THROUGH LUCK NOT THROUGH ANY GREAT SKILL. WHAT IS TO STOP ME FROM ENDING HIM HERE. I ALREADY HAVE THE WIZARDING WORLD IN MY GRASP WHAT IS TO STOP ME FROM SIMPLY KILLING THIS WRETCHED CHILD" Hermione heard Voldemort bellowing at Dumbledore. Hearing the roaring of the fireplaces, Hermione's head shot over in the direction of the fireplaces watching them begin to spontaneously light up, spitting out the political leaders. All of Hermione's attention was diverted towards the fireplaces; she found a small sense of satisfaction as she watched Fudge tumble from the fireplaces. Hearing a THWIPPING noise come behind her, only to spot a red light shooting towards her. It was too late for her to duck out of the way, she felt the impact of the red light hitting her chest making her lose consciousness instantly. This chapter was 3,144 words and posted on Sunday the 26th March 2017. If you like it and want to read more of my writing I'm on AO3 as LittleRoma. Review?