thing I'd seen all year. A sensation of warmth rushed over me again: I was home. Present Day My wife beside me, Etik clutched around my forearm in my sleeve, and my wand in my coat were thrice reassuring against the morbid atmosphere of the city morgue near midnight. The four of us – Professor Ecclesiastes and Pofus graciously accompanied – ascended the cold, sleek marble stairs in silence, having discussed our knowledge of the matter on the way over. Apparently this wasn't the first of recent crimes that had held relevance to me. Although the Professor hadn't been appropriately certified to explain the situation himself, he had prodded the official in charge to fill me in. I had lost a wand several weeks ago, nearing on a month now, which I knew was under investigation but had heard no leads. I had created it from the purest, most potent ingredients I had heard of in conjunction with my ever-wiser mentor and unfortunately now recent victim, Mr. Evercare, as well as several other international reputed wandmakers who I had the pleasure of sharing notes and a few key ingredients with. The wand we created was rumored to be nearly as potent as the legendary Elder Wand, one of the mythical Deathly Hallows, which was said to have been used by such historical figures as Headmaster Dumbledore, Dark Lord Voldemort, and the famous Auror Potter who had defeated him. It awed me that my creation could be compared to such. And, according to the Congress Official leading us now, it awed the suspect enough to steal it. I supposed I should have seen a theft coming, but quite honestly I'd never actually expected the wand to be used. Its creation was more a project for the study of theory and affectivity; not for practical usage. "You may wish to remain behind, Mrs. Hatchlet," the the Congress Official Coroner, Mr. Klutch, told my wife. "I appreciate your concern," Sarah said, "But I'm happy to accompany." Nodding lightly, Mr. Klutch led three of us—Pofus did stay behind—into the examination room where he asked us not to touch but merely observe. There were two technicians already in the room working around the body, who we quickly saw was a young boy. His body was sadly damaged, from bloody cuts and bruises to many other magical injuries, including several that changed dynamically before our eyes. "A Muggle child," he explained as the technicians continued their work. "Sadly defaced. The extent and reason for the damage is still unknown, but we believe it was done by your wand. We're still working on removing enchantments so the body may be returned to his Muggle family." He went on to point out scarring around his lips that seemed to be reminiscent of a Growing Potion forcefully fed, and skin hardening all over his body due to manifestation of protective magic. More obvious was the hair changing from blond to blue before our eyes, the pupils glowing, parts of his body fading to invisibility and back, and the sudden levitation of his body a foot off the table that nearly gave me a heart attack. I was unable to recognize any of it but Mr. Klutch said they were all remnants of powerful spells cast on his body—and, gruesomely, into his flesh as if the wand were a syringe. "And you think his wand did that?" Sarah asked as the Coroner led us back out and Pofus rejoined us. "Yes," Mr. Klutch answered. "We don't recognize the magical signature from any wands we have registered for use in the state—which certainly hasn't helped us narrow down the suspect." "But you do recognize a signature," the Professor confirmed. "Indeed. More like a tier of power, if you will. Just like how you can recognize a young wizard's Stunning Spell from an accomplished scholar's Patronus—the simple level of skill required is distinguishable. Similarly, you can tell tiers of wand power. People are most often familiar with children's toy wands versus a real one. Mr. Hatchlet, I'm sure you're more capable in this area." I obliged. "Children's wands are often made of more simple ingredients like kneazle whiskers. They are less picky about who their masters are, even to the point of having more than one—convenient for young siblings. But they are very limited to the spells they can produce: Like you said, Mr. Klutch, probably only simple charms, defenses, and curses. Whereas an adult's wand is made of more potent—yet still common—ingredients like heartstring or feathers, which are capable of producing any spell its user can learn. Similarly, one of the first things I learned about the stolen wand—I called it the Sonic Wand, don't ask—is that its ability to produce more advanced spells was significant. It was actually kind of scary… when I held it for the first time, it almost seemed to want to cast a spell for me; it felt eager to show me what it could do. With most wands, you kind of ask it to produce a spell. With Sonic, it was like giving it permission." "And that permissive signature is pretty easy to pick up on," Mr. Klutch continued. "It leaves a different magical impression on the target than many other wands, one that I bet the suspect didn't, well, suspect. It was a nice clue for the investigators to get quickly, and it's also what gave us the idea to ask you, Mr. Hatchlet. Beyond your connection to Mr. Evercare." "Any leads on the Mister?" Pofus asked. "Sadly, not yet," Mr. Klutch said. "But we have reason to believe he's not dead, at the very least. If we're right in that the same person who killed that Muggle boy, stole your wand, then it means he's not clean with his work. He's not methodical, at least not obviously. He probably needs information, especially on such a powerful and dangerous wand. I think he wants Mr. Evercare alive for instruction." Wambleeska Year 2: Coming Next