cross between a Basilisk and a Speedy Python – a rare magical snake from Brazil – that he had rescued from her breeder. The man had died by his hand only a few minutes after he had tried to subdue Tom with his illegal pets, though the animals had been in poor conditions and had made poorer threats. Killing the tortured animals had been an act of mercy in Tom's books. It had then been a simple thing to make the authorities believe that the breeder's ill-constructed Alchemical Chimera had killed him along with the rest of his menagerie. The only survivor, not that anyone knew about there being a survivor, was Nagini herself. She had been the only creature in there who had not turned insane from the experiments and mistreatment and Tom had been feeling a bit lonely at the time, so he had taken her as his familiar. She did not have the Basilisk's deadly gaze – or he would never have brought her to Hogwarts, a school – but she had its thick, magic-resistant hide, its longevity and a potent venom he had yet to discover the antidote of (if there even was one). She was also just as fast and smart as the Speedy Python and would probably never grow beyond the species' adult size. Not that he couldn't use a ritual or two to change that, but he hardly had the time to craft one, and he could not be bothered to get Dumbledore on his case by doing something 'suspicious' in the old man's eyes. Though, really, not eating sausages last Monday morning like he usually did had caused Dumbledore to watch him like an hawk for a week, probably thinking that he was preparing some dark ritual that asked of him not to consume meat beforehand (such rituals actually existed, so Tom couldn't be completely exasperated with the old man, but it was a close thing). It was probably one of the most annoying things in the world : being under Albus Dumbledore's scrutiny, especially if one had been there since they were eleven. The paranoid Headmaster really needed a new hobby. One that did not included Tom. One that took Dumbledore off his case so he could take care of his personal affairs without the worry of being watched. Tom sipped his drink, wondering if his second – and official – occupation was taking too much of his time, and if it was worth it. Being a teacher was something he excelled at, something he took pride in and that filled him with the strange feeling of accomplishment. His first duty, however, was to the Magical World and his fight against its deterioration because of the muggle contamination. Part of him wanted nothing more than to go out to destroy a few muggle villages, but the more rational part said that it was unlikely that he would get away with it lest he found a way to develop an immunity to Veritaserum – Dumbledore would be the first one to throw his name as a potential villain and the old man had too much influence for Tom to get away without a single interrogation. And if, by some miracle, he managed to escape the Aurors' suspicions, he would have to deal with Dumbledore's little vigilante group. Not that he had any proof that the man had a vigilante group; he had only overheard, multiple times , a few members talking about it. The Order of the Phoenix, they called it – Tom called it the Association of Self-Righteous Smoking Turkeys, or They Who Run In Circles Like Headless Chickens (it mostly depended on his mood). But, just like Tom had no proof of Dumbledore's little band of sheep, the Headmaster had no proof of the existence of Tom's Knights, even if Tom had no illusion about the man's knowledge about them. He doubted that the man knew what exactly their goals were, though he suspected that the old coot thought that he and his Knights plotted world domination, muggle holocausts and enslavement of muggleborns – or whatever ridiculous evils the man believed were necessary for his idea of Tom's utopian Magical World. The only reason Tom was more informed about Dumbledore's group, however, was that any follower of Tom's knew better than to blabber in public about what they did in meetings, not mentioning that all of his followers knew not to look in Dumbledore's eyes lest they were Occlumency Masters – the old Headmaster wasn't one to shy away from breaching one's privacy if he believed it was for the Greater Good. Tom swallowed the last drop of his brandy (the bottle was a birthday gift from Rabastan Lestranges, from the Lestranges Family's own production, and Tom had to admit that it was a fine brand) before throwing a disgusted look at his briefcase and its content – how he hated the additional workload, usually he would have been done with the grading hours ago. An almost inaudible sigh escaped his lips as he stood and stretched, waving his wand at Nagini's form to levitate her after him. The fireplace in his study extinguished as the one in his bedroom flared to life and he lowered Nagini in front of it, though it wasn't exactly necessary. She would slither in his bed later that night, anyway. His bedroom was charmed to stay at the same temperature no matter the weather and Tom couldn't help but appreciate the warmth as he saw the condensation in his window. He quickly took off his clothes, dropping them into the clothes hamper next to his wardrobe, and slid under the Slytherin green covers on his bed – why, of course he supported his House. He might love Hogwarts in her wholesome, cold Scottish weather and irritating Headmaster aside, but he would always have a soft spot in his blackened heart for his ancestor's House. Ah, yes – it was worth it. It was home.