to me, Slytherin, Greatest of Hogwarts' Four!$ Harry's eyes widened as the statue's mouth opened. He heard a slithering sound a second before he lowered his eyes on the ground, so very unwilling to meet a very old Basilisk's gaze. He had no desire to be turned to stone before becoming snake food – after all, he was looking at the world through panels glass, like Colin. $Kill him!$ Voldemort ordered, pointing at a running Harry Potter who had every intentions of leaving behind a very helpless Ginevra Weasley to save his own hide. Ron would be upset, but hey... He'd just say he arrived too late or never found her... if he survived the damned thing, that is... something that wasn't looking very promising, right now... "Shite, shitshitshitshit ! Shite!" Harry whispered under his breath as he ran between two snake statues and hissed a low open in Parseltongue to the wall – he made sure that Voldemort didn't heard him, it might give him a second or two that could very well save his life. He heard Voldemort gasp when he walked into the now untangible wall, before he hissed a louder close behind himself. He started to look around what he had, a few months ago, discovered to be something alike a weaponry, but had stayed away from. The reason was written on the wall, right above the displayed weapons. The Cursed Ones obey only to those of Slytherin He was pretty sure that he wasn't of Slytherin blood, unlike Tom Riddle, and, from what he had deduced from the writings on the wall, the weapons were linked to Slytherin's family or something. But, right now, he really didn't cared about what would happen to him should he touch one of the cursed blades – he was about to die, he was wandless, and so Slytherin's warning didn't bore as much weight as it had before. Harry gave one quick look to the writtings on the wall before he ran toward his favorite weapon – one he had spend a long time looking at it with his hands dying to touch it. It was a short and thin katana-like sword, less than two feet long, and looked rather light and graceful. He didn't know why he liked the small thing better than the heavy claymore a few feet further (the one he was sure his housemates would have prefered), but he was well aware of his short and malnourished body. A heavy sword wouldn't be of any use to him anyway – and if he liked the shorter sword, then it was only a bonus because he doubt that a dagger (about the only other thing he could lift, nevermind use, in the weaponry) would be of use against a Basilisk. Harry took a deep breath, well aware that he was wasting time. A sudden noise made him jump in fright and he quickly grabbed the small sword, before running away. The short katana burnt his hand and sent horrible jolts of pain up to his shoulder, but he ignored them. He used another hidden door to escape the weaponry and ran into a very muddy pipe that, if his memory was right, lead to the Master bedroom. He had no intentions of leading the Basilisk there as it was a dead end (meaning: he had not found the secret passage yet, since he was pretty sure that a Master bedroom was a very important place to have secret ways in and out of) so he turned into an unexplored pipe and hoped it wouldn't backfire on him. It did. Oh-so-horribly. Not even two meters away the pipe curved and stopped, blocked with rusty bars he had no hope of cutting with his short sword. Harry turned to jolt away but only saw the red of the Basilisk's open mouth trying to eat him whole fuck he was small enough to fit in its mouth he will die no matter what he sure as hell wouldn't die alone oh god why did he had to play hero please oh god please he didn't want to die please please please He swung his short sword into the Basilisk's mouth and right into its brain. His arm was already painfully dumb because of the sword's curse and he didn't felt much more pain when the Basilisk's fangs pierced his skin and flesh, at least not until the dying beast pulled its head out of the pipe, trembling and jerking as it died. A fang was still sunken into Harry's arm, right into his bicep, and pulling it out almost had Harry whimpering in pain as it teared bits of flesh on its way out. It seemed that the Basilisk's fang was broken, meaning his arm now looked like minced meat. His whole sleeve had also been ripped and Harry could see the green venom moving in his veins as his heart pumped it through his body... A few tears fell on his cheeks as the pain intensified, but he refused to make a sound. Just like when Dudley and his gang managed to catch him, hold him back and happily beat the shit out of him, Harry wouldn't make a damned sound . As he was about to let out more tears, Harry's eyes fell on the diary in his pocket. Hot rage filled him and he pulled the book out, opened it with his trembling fingers and, with the desesperation and anger of a dying person, stabbed the book with the same fang that had scealed his death. It was only poetic to destroy Voldemort's weapon with the same thing that had destroyed his supposed vanquisher. Harry wasn't sure, but, as his eyes closed in what he was sure was the last time, he thought he heard someone screaming in pain and anger. With a little smile he imagined Tom Riddle falling to his knees as his innocent little book was destroyed by one sneaky Harry James Potter.