in their circumstances was pointless, and reluctantly did as she was told, casting a Disillusionment Charm for good measure, as she was pretty sure Harry would be able to make out her shoes in the gap between the floor and the front of Malfoy's desk. She heard as Malfoy opened the door, he and Harry exchanged a greeting and Malfoy offered an apology for his delay in opening the door. The two men then walked towards the desk, and she soon found herself lodged between Malfoy's legs under the desk. Scowling, she attempted to settle herself comfortably on the floor, finally tucking her legs under herself and listening to the conversation the two men were having to pass the time. "Alright, Malfoy, I'll just be a minute, this is pretty straightforward," Harry was saying. "We've found a house in Hungary that belongs to Rabastan Lestrange." "Lestrange?" Draco repeated. "I thought the old loon had gotten the Dementor's Kiss and was rotting away in Azkaban." And that's when Hermione had a rather wicked idea. "And he is," Harry went on, and Hermione heard some papers being shuffled. "But we've just found a property in his name a few hours outside Budapest." Slowly, she ran a hand up Draco's thigh, stopping just short of his crotch before coming back down. Draco cleared his throat. "How are we only hearing about this now?" "It seems the land that the estate is built on is of interest to the Hungarian Ministry, and when they tried to contact the owner to negotiate a buy-out, they found it belongs to Lestrange and contacted us." Hermione's hand travelled farther up this time, and she boldly stroked him through his trousers, grinning at the growing bulge and at the strain evident in Draco's voice as he spoke. "But—since Lestrange's in prison we could just— seize the property and sign it over to them, no?" "That's the plan," said Harry, and Hermione could make out Draco's entire length straining against the inside of his trousers. "But we'll need to dismantle the wards and then conduct a full sweep of the place to make sure it's safe to—Malfoy, are you feeling alright?" He wasn't. Hermione had unzipped his trousers, taken him out of his boxers and was currently stroking him under the desk with a surprisingly strong grip. He felt long and hard in her hand, and she relished feeling in control as he attempted to give Harry an answer without giving anything away. "I've got—er, a bit of a stomach ache. So, I'm guessing you want me to come with to take down the wards and—search the place?" "Yeah. It shouldn't take long, we're just waiting on the Hungarian Ministry to approve a date for us to come over and take care of it." "Alright," Draco managed to get out, and it took every ounce of his self control to keep his face straight. "Look, I'm really—not feeling well. How about you get back to me with the date once you get word, yeah?" "So you'll do it?" "Yes, Potter." "Brilliant then," Hermione heard Harry get up from his chair on the other side of the desk, and a few moments passed as the wizards shook hands before she heard the door close with Harry's departure. Without loosening her grasp on Draco's length, she undid the Disillusionment Charm just was he pulled away from the desk enough to see her. Crawling out, she gave him only a second to recover before resuming her task. "Really, Granger?" he choked out. She smirked, her hand gripping up and down his hard length. "It was cramped under there, and I was starting to get a little bored." "Potter would've had kittens if he knew what you were doing under my desk." "Harry would have kittens if he knew the deal we just made," Hermione said. She was aware, of course, that this was most unlike her, but she had to admit that it was the most fun she'd had in a while, all the same. "True. Now, it's not like I'm not thoroughly enjoying what you're doing, but I've got work, Granger, you can't just—" "You're not honestly turning this down, Malfoy." Hermione picked up her wand once again and wordlessly locked the door to his office, throwing up a Silencing Charm for good measure. She decided just then that she liked having Malfoy at her mercy. "Granger, I'm not fucking around, we can't—" And his protests died out as he felt the silky warmth of her mouth wrap around his shaft, replaced with one long, drawn out groan. She wasted no time in teasing him, her head bobbing up and down as she sucked hard on his length. She could feel the salty tang of precum on her tongue, the folds of his foreskin brushing against the roof of her mouth. Pulling him out of her mouth almost completely, she drew circles around the tip of his erection with her tongue and then sucked with almost bruising force. Draco was rendered completely incoherent, panting and shuddering as his release overcame him within minutes, his hands covering his red groaned when he felt his seed spill into Hermione's mouth and her throat contracting around him as she swallowed. Hermione grinned to herself. It was rather arousing, to see Malfoy lose control of his composed demeanour, being the reason he lost control in the first place. She carefully returned him to the confines of his boxers, noting in the process that his erection had not entirely deflated. She then stood up, smoothed out her skirt and perched herself on the desk, waiting for him to recover. "You're going to be the death of me, Granger," he found his voice after a few minutes, looking at her as though he'd never seen anything like her. "Maybe," she said with a smile. "But what a way to go." A/N: And that's part I! I hope you liked it! Reviews are vanilla scented candles. xo, V.