be here for a while. Why don't you start at the beginning?" The trio sat down before the Headmaster and looked at Hermione to start who just sighed. "You see, sir, we wanted to help catch the Heir of Slytherin. We thought that it was Malfoy, so we wanted to question him. We couldn't think of a way to do that without getting into the Slytherin commons area and pretending to be Slytherins. As such, we made Polyjuice Potion to get the job done. I took a hair from Miss Bulstrode's robes at the dueling club, and Harry and Ron took hairs from Crabbe and Goyle tonight. We did the transformation, and I realized that it must have been a cat's hair I took, since I came out like this. Harry and Ron's, however, were successful, and they went to question Malfoy. When the potion wore off, though, Harry didn't turn back into Harry. Well, he did, but..." At that point, words seemed to fail Hermione, but it was obvious what she was attempting to say. "I see." Dumbledore steepled his fingers together as he watched the three students in front of him. The sight was actually quite comical, but at the same time, it was quite serious. "So, let me get this straight: you successfully brewed Polyjuice Potion, Miss Granger?" Hermione just meekly nodded with her head bowed. "That is quite commendable. I believe that 20 points to Gryffindor is in order." At that, all 3 heads snapped towards him in complete shock. "Polyjuice is a particularly difficult potion that even N.E.W.T. students have a difficult time with. I don't need a sample to find that it was done correctly, since Mr. Potter and you are living proof of it." Hermione gave a tiny, shy smile at the Headmaster's praise. "However, I am quite certain you will not be thanking me for those 20 points in a moment." The twinkle left Dumbledore's eyes, and all 3 children flinched. "First of all, please enlighten me as to how you got the book required to make the potion." "Well, we... You see..." Hermione was stuttering again and looking down at her black paws. Harry was twirling his still giant robes in his fingers, and Ron was clicking the toes of his trainers together. "We asked Professor Lockhart for his signature to get the book. I told him it was for some background reading for one of his books." Hermione's face couldn't show it with the black fur, of course, but she was certain if her skin were normal, she would be bright red. She had lied to a teacher, and that was just the start of her transgressions in this entire ordeal. "I see." Dumbledore continued to speak calmly. There was no doubt in his mind that most, if not all, of this had been Miss Granger's idea and doing. "How, pray tell, did you get the ingredients for this potion? It is to my understanding that bicorn horn and boomslang skin are not available in the student stores." "They aren't," Hermione whispered, as she wiggled her clubbed fingers. "I stole them from Professor Snape's private stores." She looked completely mortified and was just barely able to keep herself from attempting to cover her face with her paws in shame. "Thank you, Miss Granger." Dumbledore deferred to her two partners-in-crime, who squirmed under his penetrating stare. "Where did you three brew this potentially fatal potion, boys?" "In the second floor girls' lavatory." Ron mumbled into his hands. "I see." Dumbledore picked up a tin can, opened the lid, and popped a small yellow sweet into his mouth as he studied the three charges before him. "Professor, can you tell me why I didn't turn back to my normal self? Ron turned back to normal, and Hermione would have, too, if she hadn't used cat hair. Why do I suddenly look different?" Harry had finally gathered enough of his courage to just come right out and ask. "Well, dear boy, I have a guess." Dumbledore then rose and took a crystal jar off the fireplace mantle. "This doesn't concern just you, however, and I think it is only fair to inform the other party as well. You will wait here just a moment, please." With that, Dumbledore knelt on a small cushion in front of the fireplace, stuck his head into the fire, and called clearly, "Severus Snape's quarters." The trio sitting in Dumbledore's office flinched at the location that Dumbledore called out but remained silent. It took a few seconds, but Snape finally accepted Albus's call. "How can I help you, Albus?" Snape's patience was wearing thin. With so much going on lately, it was rare that the Headmaster Floo-called him with good news. "I was wondering if you were missing some bicorn horn and boomslang skin, Severus." Albus's voice was calm, and it made Severus freeze in his tracks. "I am, Headmaster. Why do you ask?" Snape's voice was cautious, but the Headmaster had certainly attracted his attention. The ingredients in question had in fact gone missing the same day Mr. Goyle's potion had exploded; that had been about two weeks ago, the approximate time it took for a batch of Polyjuice Potion to finish after adding the ingredients. "I believe I have found your missing ingredients, Severus." Albus couldn't hear the students behind him flinch; he didn't need to. "However, I believe I have also found something else that belongs to you. Of course, this is something you would have misplaced many years ago." "What?" Severus was now completely perplexed; he never misplaced anything. He wasn't missing anything. What was Albus talking about? Behind Albus, the reaction wasn't much different. Harry and Ron were looking at each other completely bewildered. They hadn't taken anything but those two potion ingredients. Hermione, however, continued staring at her paw. When Dumbledore didn't answer him right away, Severus started to get annoyed. "What else could I have possibly misplaced, Albus?" "Your son, Severus."