of the flooring in the flat was smooth concrete, but the halls and living room were white-washed hardwood and it never ceased to amaze him that the boards didn't squeak. Neither did the faucets. And he couldn't hear the plumbing within the walls either. After visiting the other side of the flat to use Draco's bathroom - as not to wake his guest by using his own facilities - Theo made his way into the kitchen and started setting out the things he needed to make them a decent breakfast. Muffins, he decided, were always good and there was still a pack of bacon in the fridge. He got to work. He wasn't sure when she'd woken up or how she managed to be so quiet that he didn't notice her until he was almost finished cooking. He jumped slightly, mentally cursing himself as he did, when he turned around and found her sitting on the other side of the island. She was laying on the countertop, her head resting on her crossed arms as she watched him cook. The first thing he noticed was that she had tamed those sweet smelling curls into a thick braid which rested over her shoulder. "Morning," he said a beat too late, before he turned back around to dish their omelets onto plates. "Good morning," she returned. "You didn't have to go through all this trouble, you know. I'd have been content with tea and toast." He made a noise of disagreement in the back of this throat. "That would be abysmal morning after etiquette, love. Besides," he turned off the burner and slid her plate across the island, "I wanted to." She smiled a bit as he reached into a drawer and slid her a fork as well. "Etiquette, huh? Is there a book on this somewhere? I'd like to read it." His lips twitched into a partial smirk as he opened the oven door so he could levitate the pan of muffins and the cookie sheet with their bacon onto the stove top. "Yes. Manners, the 9 th Edition by Decent People." She snorted, almost choking on her food. "Fair enough," she said. Then, after pausing briefly, "It's odd seeing someone else blend muggle and magical things. Pleasant, but odd." The strips of bacon sizzled loudly as he tried to come up with something to say. "I've never been the type to believe things blindly, even things I was told from birth," he said eventually. "I learned not to question my father's beliefs out loud very quickly, but I didn't believe him because his arguments were weak." He walked around the island and moved one of the stools to the other side so he could sit across from her while they ate. "You were a big part of that, actually," he admitted hesitantly. "Muggleborns are weaker than we are, they told us. They're vulgar, uncouth, barbaric, unintelligent. And every time I heard that shite all I could think was 'Hermione Granger is the top of our class and she's muggleborn, Father, explain to me how she fits in your bigoted agenda.'" "Books and cleverness," she muttered, somewhat bitterly with a shrug, "None of it mattered. I still didn't – don't – belong. People tolerate me because of my part in the war, but it changes nothing. Now I'm just a socially acceptable oddity." "You're perfect," he said quietly, staring at her with a small amount of concern. "Hermione, you don't understand. We had to be brats in school for appearances, but we - me, Draco, Pansy , hell even Blaise – we all knew and acknowledged you as an equal, a better, even. Sometimes begrudgingly, sometimes it was laced with envy and jealousy, but…I…" He faltered, feeling heat rise to his cheeks. "If Voldemort had never happened and my father hadn't been the man he was, we would have been all over you, sweetness. Pansy would have been trying to convince you to run away and be gay with her forever. Blaise and Draco would have been throwing expensive things at you, following behind you at Hogsmeade and buying everything you glanced at twice. You were, for all intents and purposes, exactly what all of us were told to look for in a partner, only the war did happen, so we were forced to dismiss you because of your heritage." She was deeply confused by the time he'd finished his little speech, and for a moment he worried that their budding friendship – or whatever this was – wasn't ready for the admission he'd given. Thankfully, he was wrong. "What about you?" She asked gently. "Where would you have been, if I'm even entertaining the idea that Draco Malfoy would have been chasing my skirt in any universe?" He grinned at her with a false sense of bravado at his heart staccatoed in his chest. "I would have waited for you to go to a bookstore and when Draco and Blaise inevitably started to argue about who was going to buy you what book, I'd have asked you to tell me about whatever book you were currently reading over lunch." He paused briefly, looking at her smile and realizing, quite suddenly, that his answer had made her happy. "Or dinner," he added, only he wasn't talking about alternate universes anymore. "Dinner," she repeated, still smiling, "I'd like that." "Tomorrow night?" He asked, "Six-ish?" "Sure. What should I wear?" She asked. He dimpled at her. "Something muggle, pretty witch. Casual." When she left after breakfast, after he'd gotten a sweet kiss goodbye at the door, Theo turned to his empty flat and slowly let out a breath. He hadn't been this excited for something since…ever. Grinning and probably looking as foolish as he felt, he flicked his wand at the dishes to get them washing themselves and made his way to his shower. Tomorrow. He'd see the pretty witch again tomorrow… Thank you to everyone for reading~ Reviews are loved and appreciated.