to fend off two men dressed in black robes. He was flinging curses over the rubble, but he always managed to miss the target. She picked up some rocks off the ground and threw them, the men turned around giving the him a chance to get away. The cloaked men charged at her, and she ran as fast as she could, trying to dodge hexes as she went. After what seemed like forever she caught up with Fred and George. Out of breath she turned around to see if the men had followed her that far, when hands grabbed her from behind. She couldn't help it she screamed, a shrill ear-piercing scream. "Hermione," George yelled, "it's just us." "I'm sorry," she cried, "I was being chased by two cloaked men, I wasn't sure if they followed me or not, and then you grabbed hold of me, and it scared me, I'm sorry." "They were chasing you?" Ginny asked, "Are you, all right?" "I'm fine," she said, "they had a boy cornered, I think he may have been hurt, so I threw some rocks to draw the attention off him to give him a chance to get away. I think they just wanted to hurt someone and anyone would do." "You're all right now," Ginny said, "We've got you." Eventually Mr. Weasley, Harry and the Diggory's caught up with them and they took the port key home. After successfully landing back in the clearing near the Burrow, Mr. Diggory said, "I hope you children were able to get away ok." "Yes," Ginny said, "we got away all right, but Hermione had a bit of trouble before she caught up with us." "Are you, all right?" Mr. Weasley asked, "You're not hurt?" "No, I'm all right," Hermione said retelling her story for the second time. "You should be more careful," Mr. Diggory said, "but you did the right thing, who knows what might have happened to the boy if you had just left him. You could have been seriously hurt." "I know," Hermione said, "but when I heard the scream I just couldn't run away knowing that I hadn't helped." Everyone just sort of looked at her for a second; it was like they were looking at her for the first time. She had some dirt on her face; her hands were a bit smudged with dirt as well. Her clothes had some stains on them, dirt, and grass. Her hair was a mess of curls and dirt. She looked like she had just fought a battle. "Let's get you kids home, and cleaned up," Arthur said, "Merlin only knows how your mother will react. Amos I'll see you at work, I hope you have a restful night, Merlin knows we'll need it tomorrow." "Take care," Amos said. Arthur ushered everyone home, and upon entering the front door they were not only greeted by Molly, but half of the Order. Arthur was right; it was going to be a long night. X.x.X.x Meanwhile, a certain young man was going over in his mind how a beautiful young woman saved him. His mates had asked him why he seemed so out of it, and he answered. (I'll leave who it is that she rescued to your imagination.) ~Memory~ He was stranded stuck behind some rubble trying to get a good shot at the cloaked men that were firing at him. They tried to bait him, said he was a horrible Quidditch player. He managed to dodge most of the curses that they were flinging at him; he even managed to throw a few back. He hadn't been paying as good attention as he should have been. He got hit with a cutting curse, he screamed an agonizing scream. After a few moments the firing stopped, the men were yelling at someone. They turned to see what was going on, that was when he saw her. This beautiful creature was standing with rocks in her hands. He caught her eyes for a moment before she turned and ran away. He used that moment to get out of there, he knew it was wrong, they would be chasing her. He should turn their attention back to him; but she gave him the opportunity to get away. He took it and he ran. ~End memory~ "Do you suppose she got away?" he asked. "It's possible," his friend said. "I hope that she managed to get away," he said, "I would hate to feel responsible for her life if she didn't survive." "If you were meant to see her again, you shall see her again,' his friend said, "and I sure that she wouldn't have helped you if she thought that she couldn't get away." "I sure hope so," he said, "I sincerely hope so." "That reminds me," his friend said, "the girl you went to see in the stands, did you get her name?" "No," he said, "I wasn't able to get her name. You know what though she looked an awful lot like the girl that gave me the chance to get away." He went to bed that night wondering about not only the girl that he met in the stands but also the girl that had given him the chance to get away. It hadn't occurred to him until a few days later that she was the same. Even though he had the idea that they looked similar he wouldn't really know until he saw her again. And he most definitely would, even if he didn't know he would. He was in for the shock of his life. A/N: For those of you who have read this previously I was just fixing the Quidditch misspellings. For those of you reading this for the first time, I thank you very much for reading this far and for reading on even. P.S if you recognize it I don't own it. J.K Rowling does. Until we meet again, let there be peace, and tranquility in the universe.