squeaking slightly, then the footsteps of Remus and James returned through the hallway. Remus looked better than the previous night. The dark circles around his eyes had lightened enough to make him look more living than corpse-like. He had washed and his gray-streaked hair regained a dulled sheen, despite being dampened by the rain. But any sympathy Sirius may have had for Remus' obvious exhaustion was eclipsed by resentment. Remus' eyes were cast down and his hands were deep in his pockets. His mouth was drawn into a thin line. These were typical signs that their friend (ex-friend?) was preparing to evade the truth. Lily was the first to greet him. She bumped Sirius pointedly as she crossed the kitchen and pulled Remus into an embrace, murmuring, "It's good to see you." "Likewise," he replied. He removed a hand from the depths of its concealing pocket to pat her on the back. Peter moved from the wall, his gaze darting uncertainly at Sirius. "You're thin as a rail, Lupin," Lily scolded. "Please eat something. I have leftover chicken and potatoes from dinner." Remus accepted graciously, which showed how hungry he really was. As Lily hurried to the refrigerator (a cooling box that muggles use), Remus gave Sirius and Peter perfunctory greetings, which they returned equally half-heartedly. "Moom," Harry burbled from his high-chair. "Hello Harry," Remus replied. His smiled reached his eyes for the first time since Sirius had seen him the previous night. "Where did you stay last night?" James asked as an attempt at normal conversation. "I found a place." James was smart enough not to push. "Did your talk with Dumbledore go well?" "Yes." "Did he tell you about…" "Yes. Your letter summed it up nicely, but he explained some of the details. I'm sorry James. And Lily." Remus' tone was genuine. "You and the Longbottoms shouldn't have to shoulder this. He said you're using strong wards and protective charms for now?" "There's no evidence that Voldemort has come to the same conclusion we have yet. Dumbledore assures us, however, that his spy among the death eaters will inform him if the situation gets...critical." James had had plenty of time to process the prophecy implicating his son, but he was still nervous and jumpy when it was brought up. "Here you go, Remus," Lily announced, having finished the warming spell on the food. She was not anxious to discuss any danger to Harry. "Thank you, Lily." They sat at the table and started a light conversation about quidditch and the first Weasley girl born in three generations while Remus ate. Sirius did his best to join in, as Peter remained uneasily taciturn in his seat. It would be stupidly suspicious if only the Potters spoke. Besides, Sirius suspected that if it was too quiet, the kitchen walls would blurt out the conversation held prior to Remus' arrival. Eventually, it was time for Harry to go to bed and Lily gently lifted his sleepy form from the high-chair. The stairs creaked as she climbed to the second floor, murmuring softly. The Marauders were left in the kitchen, staring at one another. "Listen," Remus began. "I know you think-" "We don't think that," James denied immediately, glaring at Sirius. "Please don't lie," Remus said. "Why not?" Sirius snapped. "You seem to have no qualms." "I can't tell you what I've been doing for Dumbledore, Sirius," Remus said tiredly. It was a refrain Sirius was starting find comical in its flimsiness. "You don't trust us?" "I do." Remus' voice was almost a growl. "But I have to do this myself. You've done enough for me as it is." "Clearly we haven't, or you wouldn't be shunning us." "Stop!" Remus barked. He sucked in a calming breath. It was raining even harder outside. "I came tonight because I'm leaving tomorrow, early. This mission will be long. Months maybe. You can't contact me. Any letters you send will have to go to Dumbledore. He said he'd find a way. I'm sorry, I-I'm sorry. I swear, I'm doing this for the Order-" "You're leaving?" Peter whispered, effectively stopping Remus' nervous babble. "Yes." He almost looked as shocked as the other three Marauders. For once, Sirius could not think of anything to say. James was wide-eyed. "But...but what about us? And Harry? You're the best at defensive spells…" "I promise you James. If I did not think that this would aid in the downfall of Voldemort, I would not go." "We'll miss you Remus." Lily had returned and she was standing in the doorway. Her emerald green eyes were bright. "We know you always do what's best." She went up to Remus and embraced him again, brushing James' shoulder as she went. This time, Remus brought both arms around her. "I'll be back," he said with a half-grin after they stepped apart. "Course you will." James stepped forward pounded him on the back. "Take care, Pete. Watch out for these guys." "Yeah…" And then Sirius found himself caught in the guarded copper gaze of the werewolf. He still had not said a word. Remus opened his mouth, closed it, and swallowed. Then, he simply muttered, "Good-bye Padfoot," turned, and disappeared down the dark hallway. They heard the door open, the cascade of rain increased in volume. "Bye Moony," Sirius mouthed without a sound. There was a click, and Remus Lupin was gone. It was suddenly too real. The war was dissolving them slowly. It had dragged on for far too long and now they were worlds away from what they had been in school. Heavy muteness fell on the remaining Marauders. It was Lily's calm alto that broke through Sirius' dour thoughts. "It would be easy, to run away, Peter," Lily murmured. A flash of confusion, then Sirius remembered what they were talking about before Remus' arrival. "But when we can do something about this war, would it be right?" Sirius could not discern if Remus had run away, or was choosing what was right.