slightly as she recalled Malfoy stroking her silky bare legs under the table as the other seventh years were distracted by a drinking game. His warm palms had caressed her, working their way teasingly close to the bottom of her short lace dress, yet never quite reaching where she had started to wish they would wander. His eyes had locked with hers as she sipped the fire whisky he had bought her...seeking permission? Daring her? She could not be certain. Perhaps she would never find out. She listened to Ginny's soft snores from the other side of her bed and sighed. Her flirtatious rendezvous with the young man previously her enemy had ended abruptly as word reached her that Ginny had "rather overdone it" and needed to be taken back to the castle. Hermione had got them both back and bundled Ginny into her own bed for safe-keeping while she sobered up herself. She wondered in her morning-after haze whether or not Snape would have invented a potion to cure hangovers. He probably wasn't a drinker… she reasoned, thinking back to the cold, controlled man she had known. Her head swam as she sat up but she fought on and dressed, gathered her school things and left for the potions dungeon. ~0o0~ "Good Morning, Hermione, dear, how are you?" Horace Slughorn, Potions Master and Head of Slytherin: kindly, attracted to the rich and powerful, far too upbeat for Hermione's liking. She smiled a weak smile and took her place near the front of the class. Draco Malfoy had already sat down and glanced up at her as she sat. Slughorn smiled around the room and gestured to the potion sat bubbling on his desk. "Today, we are going to start to brew Wolfsbane Potion. Can anyone tell me about it before we begin?" Hermione ignored the looks she was getting and averted her gaze to the floor. Having been so excited to show off her knowledge before, it just wasn't the same without Ron staring open mouthed at her or Harry grinning proudly. "Anyone?" Draco Malfoy put his hand up and started answering, his voice sounding a little gruff after the drinking and lack of sleep. "Wolfsbane Potion is known to allow the Werewolf to keep their mind during transformations so they do not become a wild animal and bite anyone who comes into contact with them. It was discovered by Damocles Belby who is the uncle of Marcus from our last year in Ravenclaw…" Slughorn smiled broadly, though winced a little at the mention of Marcus. Hermione remembered the old man being disappointed that Marcus was not in touch with his famous uncle anymore, a fact which led to Marcus' invites to further 'Slug Club' meeting getting 'mislaid'. Hermione also remembered Slughorn boasting about how he had taught Damocles "...everything he knew…". "Ah, Damocles. I was his teacher, you know." the old man started up while making his way to the potion on the front desk. "I taught him everything he knew!" Hermione rolled her eyes and smirked. She fished her copy of Advanced Potion making out of her bag and set herself up near a cauldron. She discovered the Wolfsbane potion on her page was annotated as usual in Snape's scrawling handwriting. "Now, everyone. This is extremely advanced potion making. No one but myself and Damocles has been able to produce it from scratch, therefore the exam will focus on theory as well as method after the ingredients have been collected and treated. At no point will you be expected to produce this on your own." Hermione's mind took her back to her third year and she would have stuck up her hand, were it not for Draco Malfoy making an appearance beside her. "Snape could do it too. Saw him make it for.…" the youth muttered to her. Hermione nodded. "And Lupin." She added. Draco took the cauldron beside her and unpacked his things, glancing at her out of the corner of his eye as he did so. "Why are you cutting lengthways?" He whispered after a while. "The book says-" "I know. Why don't you do your own." The two continued to work in silence for a few more minutes before Draco spoke again. "About last night," he said, "things got a bit….I don't normally do that, particularly with girls of your…" Hermione glared at him, daring him to mention her blood status. "...background." He finished. The witch rolled her eyes and groaned. "I thought maybe we could have a Butterbeer or something this afternoon. If you're not busy…?" "I'm seeing Ron at the moment, actually," Hermione snapped, stinging a little from his 'background' comment. The Slytherin stood with his mouth open for a moment before angrily slicing his herbs. "I see," he replied, "you must have forgotten that last night since you didn't mention it once and let me make a fool of myself." The witch held back a haughty response and reflected instead. She debated silently how best to answer before finally doing so. "I was enjoying your attention," she admitted, "you're handsome and it was thrilling since Ron and Harry wouldn't approve. I think I liked the naughtiness of it….but we couldn't be more than a grope in a pub, Draco, not after everything...and your family would never approve of me if anything came of it. Probably best if we just shake hands and leave it there?" Before he could answer, Hermione gathered her remaining ingredients and left him at the workbench alone. If Hermione Granger could see her reflection in a mirror as others were starting to see her, she would see the cracks forming all over her once neat image. She would watch as, piece by piece, little shards had come away leaving her looking lost and incomplete. She was held together by her inner strength determination to succeed, yet a looking glass cannot be held together by will alone and the next little tap could see the whole thing shatter…