thing that remained was the Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It was no longer destroyed or burning but standing proud and tall. Hermione noticed that there was snow around her now and gasped as she realized that she was moving much farther back in time than she had ever been. Then everything stopped. Nothing moved. Nothing breathed. For an indiscernable moment in time nothing existed, not even Hermione herself if it even made sense. It did to Hermione; she glanced down at her body, gasping when she couldn't make out where it started and where it ended. Of course, she could see it but her fingers seemed to mix into the darkness and she couldn't feel anything below her knees. She could feel magic flowing through her and though she didn't know where she was she knew the flow of power was starting at her feet and spreading all over her body, her muscles soaking it up, her brain stocking it and her heart absorbing it. She could hear her heart pounding a mile a minute; she could feel the pumping of magic coming from the ground. For just a moment she was one with the earth, unknowingly swallowing the magic the earth was offering her. The magic of five of the greatest wizards in the world. Then everything stopped. Hermione could see Hogwarts again, she could see the brilliant moon shining in the pitch black sky and she saw the couple standing under an arch way, staring at her in shock before the whole world went black. "Shall we take a stroll Minerva?" Albus offered with a smile. "If you insist," Minerva sighed, as if his request were a chore. Linking arms the pair wandered through Hogwarts and up to the Great Doors. They paused at the top of the stairs and Dumbledore glanced up at the moon. "It will be a full moon in three weeks." "You have prepared everything for the boy, yes?" McGonagall checked. He nodded. "The small shack, just outside of Hogsmead is ready for his arrival. He'll be able to get there through the Whomping Willow that I planted at the beginning of the summer. It has already grown." "Do you think it wise to make him have to go through such a dangerous tree?" "You know there is a safe way to get past the tree. The tree will protect him during the full moons. As well as others," Albus said. McGonagall smiled, following him as they started down the steps. " BOMBARDA !" A female voice shouted. The pair stumbled at the sudden shake when the wall beside them exploded. Dumbledore was quick to cast a shield, making blocks of rubble bounce off it harmlessly. Both stood, wands at the ready, searching for the attacker. However the courtyard was empty. Not a soul was present. They stayed in a ready position, wary to let their guard down. " Impedimenta !" A male voice yelled, much quieter, as if he were farther away. It was silent for a few seconds before the girl spoke again. "Ron! Find Harry!" It said. Albus and Minerva glanced at each other, curious. Neither had ever experienced anything like this. The girl must have sent a curse because half the wall on their left exploded. Minerva's eyebrows flew up. The girl must be a very capable witch to be able to perform such spells nonverbally. "I'm not leaving without you!" Someone claimed, this one sounding even more distant as if he were on the other side of the cliff. "Harry's the only one who can end this! Voldemort will never stop! Find Harry, he's our only hope!" The couple gasped at her words looking around in horror. What they were witnessing - or hearing they should say - was due to Voldemort? How terrible had things truly become? Whispers of his terror had not yet even begun, Minerva thought. "Ron! No!" Minerva almost felt tears gather in her eyes at the absolute terror and pain in those two words. Ruins beside them lifted off the ground and with incredible speed slammed to the left, crashing into the outdoor corridor. Dumbledore took hold of his colleagues arm, realizing that they were standing in the invisible woman's attack range and were at risk of being hit by one of her curses. "Malfoy!" She hollered, frustration and anger in her voice. The couple gasped, knowing how close that family was to the dark arts. Did this mean that the family would side with the Dark Lord? Dumbledore had suspected it. She screamed in pain, obviously having been hit, before speaking again. "Malfoy, it's your mother!" Unexpectedly, a figure appeared in the middle of the court yard. Well, not a figure exactly but more of a shadow. Barely there, only visible if you were looking right at it with the intent of seeing it, which was currently the case of the older wizards. "No!" The figure screamed, turning around and around in panic. Minerva looked at the Headmaster, at a loss for what was happening. She felt fear peak in her when she noticed that he was quite in the same situation as her. Then as if it was the most natural thing in the world a girl appeared in the middle of the courtyard. She was covered in blood from head to toe, both dry and fresh, some visibly hers, some from others. Her clothes were ripped and covered in dirt and mud, her hair was in complete disarray and sticking to her face and head. She had an unimaginable amount of wounds and bruises and her eyes were wild with fear, anger, disbelief and sadness. Her eyes met theirs and not a moment later she was unconscious on the ground, in a puddle of her own blood. After a half second of shock they hurried to her side, Minerva falling to her knees and casting a few healing charms while Dumbledore summoned Poppy. " Wingardium Leviosa ," he murmured.