yes, Mother gave it to me yesterday, she said it was special.' Mrs MacDonald nodded, more to herself than to Lily. 'It is a very special book indeed. Keep it close at all times.' For a moment, Lily battled with herself trying to figure out how to word the question she had. 'Did you – did you really believe that story in the book about a monster?' asked Lily hesitantly. Mrs MacDonald shrugged. 'That is neither here nor there. What matters is what you believe to be true.' Lily found herself whispering loudly: 'But what made you believe a story like that?' 'Lily,' Mrs MacDonald began, turning to look at her granddaughter, 'have you ever believed something on an instinct? You're not sure why you believe it, you just do? You have this faith something is right and real, and perhaps it makes sense, perhaps it doesn't, but something is telling you it's real?' Lily shook her head – honestly, she couldn't say that she believed in such a thing. 'When you do, you'll understand,' said Mrs MacDonald. 'What do you mean "when"?' Lily asked curiously. But Mrs MacDonald had already finished her lunch and started tidying up the table and dumping the dishes in the sink, leaving Lily with a lot to think about. 'What were you two talking about?' Mary asked, playing with what little food she had left. 'If I knew, I would tell you,' said Lily with a small sigh. *.*.* When lunch was over and the dining table was cleared, they kept to their seats where they could talk even more amongst themselves. Mrs MacDonald handed out shatterproof jars with little fires inside them to keep everyone warm. Lily found herself feeling a little lonely with Marlene, Mary and Petunia talking amongst themselves. She decided to step out of the little cottage for some fresh air, which she did so completely unnoticed. The air was harsh and biting against Lily's soft cheeks, and, as the days were shorter, it was already getting dark. Lily found herself keeping the Thestral company. It was tethered to a post nearby so that it didn't get away and perhaps attack any passers-by. She patted its head and stroked its neck gently, unflinching as it were to her. 'They didn't have to tie you up,' said Lily softly to it. 'You'd have stayed if they told you to, wouldn't you?' The Thestral bobbed its head slightly, which Lily took to mean "yes". 'You Thestrals are intelligent creatures,' Lily went on. 'Everyone thinks you're unlucky, but you're not. Just because people who have seen death can see you … you can understand everything I'm saying right now. That's how you knew where Grandmamma's cottage was, wasn't it?' The Thestral merely looked back at Lily, but the swishing of its tail led Lily to believe that it was enjoying her company. 'Lily!' came a shriek. 'Mother told you to stay away from the Thestral!' Lily turned around to see Petunia glaring at her. She shrugged at her. 'It's not going to hurt me,' she said. 'Look, Tuney.' Lily stroked the young Thestral again, demonstrating its harmlessness. 'You … freak ,' hissed Petunia. 'How can I look at something I can't see ? Mother told me to go see where you've gone and you're here playing friends with this … this monster .' Lily felt quite wounded, for some reason. 'If you can't see it, how do you know it's a monster?' 'Because I have sense ,' Petunia huffed. 'If people say Thestrals are dangerous, that obviously means they're dangerous. You don't have to have Merlin's brains to figure that out.' She turned on her heel and left Lily in the cold. Thankfully, it was only a matter of moments before they were entering the carriage once more. Lily kissed her grandmother and aunties and uncles goodbye. Her grandmother gave her a warm hug and whispered in her ear, 'Don't do anything too dangerous or outrageous, okay, Lily dear? I know what you're like.' ' Me ? Outrageous ?!' Lily laughed. 'You must have me confused with Marlene.' Mrs MacDonald patted Lily's arm as she climbed into the carriage. After one waving to the family one last time, they were off riding into the night. As Lily hugged herself to keep her shielded from the cold, it was with a jolt that she realised the book wasn't in her arms – undoubtedly she had left it at her grandmother's. The last time Lily remembered having her book was right before helping lay out lunch … on the small kitchen counter, that's where she left the book. Bitterly cursing her forgetfulness, Lily leaned back and let herself fall asleep for the journey. Like the night before, the dream she had was quite a strange one. There was a beast and a forest and a castle, and this time, a request. Two words. ' Help us. ' A sudden bump in the road and a very abrupt halt outside their house woke Lily up. She grumbled at the rude awakening and wished it had come just a few moments later, as she struggled to remember the dream. Rubbing her head where she hit the back of the carriage, Lily stepped out and stumbled in through the front door which her mother had unlocked. It was then that she remembered why she was feeling down – she wished she hadn't left the book behind before she even had a chance to read it. Wallowing in self-pity again, Lily stumbled up the stairs and into her and Petunia's bedroom. She illuminated the room with her wand light and was about to change into her sleeping clothes when something on the bed caught her eye. But surely it couldn't be –? Yet there it was, clear as day, face-up on her bed. The book was back. A/N: It's a tiny bit slow to start off with but I promise this fic is going places. Reviews are greatly appreciated!