right here, all right?" Overwhelmed, Remus could only nod. She really is our Mate , he whispered to his alter-ego. Mate! We get to play with her tonight! Moony howled when he saw the large kneazle enter the room where he and Padfoot were wrestling. Padfoot was his friend. Padfoot was Pack. Padfoot was trusted above all others. But then Feronia entered. A feline but still, she stirred Moony so much that he leapt away from Padfoot and landed in front of the bright-eyed kneazle, wagging his tail. Feronia! The feline arched her back and whipped her tail about with some authority as she walked about Moony and then to Padfoot, smacking the Grim on the muzzle with the fluffy brown end of her tail. Moony barked his amusement, and the Grim swiped lazily at the feline with one careful paw. Moony was not to be outdone, though. He settled low on his belly and sniffed as Feronia came back to him. Mine! he thought happily. The kneazle didn't look as if she belonged to anyone, but she did consent, at length, to trailing her tail over Moony's flank and gathering her scent about herself. For Moony, it was pure delight. Which he had, of course, had to express by a thorough bout of more wrestling! 3 October 2001 "Hermione," Remus murmured, his voice hoarse and rasping as he regained his humanity after a long night spent with Padfoot and Feronia. "You still here?" He inhaled as deeply as his sore chest would allow. "Smells like it," he remarked to himself, but since she had been there the night before, it might be a lingering trace of her, not Hermione herself. But then, he felt soothing hands, warm and kind, pulling up a light blanket over his naked form. "I'm here, Remus. It's good to see you again." Careful fingers threaded through his hair, and the sensation was intensely amazing on his stressed skin. "I had a lovely evening, by the way. And I enjoyed spending time with Moony." Apprehension grew in him and he made himself open an eye to find her. The face that went with her soothing voice. "Everything is all right, today?" "Moony was . . . wonderful. Very welcoming." Relaxation made him a bit careless. "Well, yeah, you're his mate. Of course he was welcoming." Then, her fingers still and he recollected what he'd just said and swore softly. "Hush," Hermione murmured, Summoning a tray with phials of potions and such, she then peeled back the blanket. "I'm not a bit frightened, you know. Nor surprised. I have felt, Remus, an affinity with you from the very first moment I shook your hand." Doubt warred with amazement. "You, you have?" She whispered charms and applied her medications and he felt comforted and cared for under her hands. "I have. That's why I asked Poppy for the honor of being here for you after the moons." "You did? Listen to me, I sound like an idiot. I'm sorry, Hermione. I don't think I'm up for this conversation just yet." She laughed lightly and, to his delight and pleasure, placed a gentle kiss on the back of his neck. He would have grown hard in that moment if he'd had the energy, he knew. "Well, then, how about we find some time this weekend, perhaps? I can ask the elves to make us your favorite dinner and we can eat in my quarters." Remus rolled over to sit up, barely remembering to bring the blanket over his lap as he did so. Hermione was indeed there, dressed in a woolen jumper and pair of trousers, though her feet were bare. Her honeyed curls were tamed into a braid and she was indeed smiling. For him. "You're serious?" he asked softly. "No, Padfoot is Sirius. I'm Hermione. I'm the kneazle ," she said, teasing with a lilt to her voice he responded to immediately. "For the record, Feronia is also the goddess associated with wildlife and fertility." Remus was speechless for a full minute, then he grew bold and slowly brought one sore arm to wrap around Hermione's pliant form. "I think you must be perfect," he whispered before brushing his lips over hers. She carefully, so carefully, caressed his shoulder with one hand and he relished the subdued excitement she brought to him, depleted as he was. "I'll try very hard to be a good Mate," she whispered. He caught his breath and pressed his forehead to hers. "You're already the best thing that's happened to me in twenty years. And that includes the defeat of Voldemort." She laughed and drew a bit away from him to rise to her feet and help him do likewise. "Careful, all this praise will go to my head." Remus was grateful for the clothes she must have gathered from the cupboard before she came to him that morning, and he put them on without shame. She was his Mate. His other half. The woman he was meant to be with. As they left the Shack just as the sun was pinking up the sky, she took a slow breath. "Can I ask you a question?" "Of course." He was glad for her arm around him, relieved that her potions were already taking effect. "Without Moony, would we be here right now?" It was an astute query. Remus, though, knew exactly how to answer it. "Eventually, yes. Because, Miss Hermione Granger, I think you're practically perfect in every way." "I am not Mary Poppins." "I'm not a chimney sweep." "Do you really think . . .?" They were still discussing the merits of Disney romances as they passed through the Great Hall to get some breakfast. Dear Prongslet~ Moony won the day! Now, we have to find your other half. Are you busy this weekend? Love, your Dad, ~Padfoot A/N: A not-so-nice account of the Snape and Lily matter will be forthcoming eventually. Just not today. Lily will have her vengeance.