man in her bed. Her breath came fast and scared. He chuckled. "Well. I'm glad you know it's me. Wasn't sure, last night." "Oh, I know it's you. Your . . . blatant arrogance is a dead giveaway." James Potter shifted on the bed and stared at her. The glorious woman he'd been in love with for years. It was dawning on him that their New Year's Eve celebration, privately welcoming in 1979, had perhaps not been the best idea. But hell, he'd been trying to get a date with her for years and when she'd invited their entire Gryffindor graduating class to her flat for the party, she'd included him, hadn't she? With the war on, there was little enough to celebrate these days, as it was. And her flat was well warded. Shite, she performed wandless magic! To summon Pain Potion. Shite . "You all right there, Lily?" He wouldn't call her Evans . Not in her bed. Not when she looked so pale and vulnerable. She took a deep breath and shifted about, her hair falling in a glorious curtain of shining red around her bare shoulders as she tugged the lavender bedsheet to cover herself. Such a graceful movement. So beautiful. He smiled and sighed. Then, she spoke. "I'm fine. I made choices last night that I shouldn't have made, but I'm fine." "You were not drunk, Evans," he stated, forgetting his notion not to address her by her surname. "I wouldn't have gone to bed with you if you were. You have to know that." She cocked one brow at him. "I was not drunk. No. You're honorable, Potter. You wouldn't have taken advantage. I'm just a bit sore." She sighed and tugged at a length of her hair and James didn't even try to suppress his smile at the sight. "I just never considered myself the kind of girl who would do this, you know? We're not even dating." "But I want to!" he reminded her eagerly. "I know." She met his eyes at last, though hers were tired and wary. "And I had fun. I did." He smirked. "I know. I was there." "Just . . . go, okay? I'm not ready for this. For you. I'm not mad. Not hurt, not wounded. I would just like to pretend this didn't happen." James gasped in sudden, unexpected pain. "Really, Lily?" He reached for her hair, smoothing it over her head, remembering how it had looked spread out on her pillows hours before. His voice broke a little and he didn't even care. "Just Obliviate myself about it? It was . . . amazing. You, you were amazing." And there, at last, she smiled a little. "Thank you. You weren't so bad yourself, James. But, I'm . . . not wanting a repeat just now, all right? So go. I'll, er, owl you." True to her word, she had sent him notes. He had written to her as well. Nothing as effusive as he might have done as a schoolboy, but they were older, now, and he was fighting in a war and so was she. They met at Order of the Phoenix gatherings, went on missions together with Frank Longbottom or Sirius. And he dared to think they might maybe be friends, at last. After years of pursuing her. And then, one morning in March, an owl delivered a note to him just as he was about to Floo in to work. James, I need to see you. As soon as possible. Lily He immediately Apparated himself to Flourish and Blotts, where she was working whilst studying for her Mastery in Charms. Lily was waiting for him, her expression intent but pale, leaning on the counter, one hand placed lightly over her middle. And he knew, all at once. He knew why she'd written. Perhaps she saw that knowledge in his expression for she smiled. "Well, I never figured you were thick. So. Well spotted." His heart soared before crashing as he stepped cautiously toward her. He glanced at her hand again. "Really?" "Yeah. So, er, I was wondering . . ." "Marry me. Marry me, Lily Evans." He hardly knew how he dared to ask, given their history, but he did. She smiled at him and he realized that there, there was the smile he'd been waiting his entire life to see. His stomach flipped and he knew that before, before he had only dreamed he had loved her. But now? Now he knew he really did. "I love you," he whispered in awe. "I really do. Lily. Please. Marry me." She stepped next to his body and ran her hands up his arms. He remembered that she was a lioness. "I will. As a matter of fact, I was kind of thinking of asking you ." He threw back his head in joyful relief before swinging her up into his arms. "You won't regret it. At least not too often. I swear it. Lily Potter. It sounds grand." . . . . 30 September 1979 Lily cooed over their baby, nuzzling the thatch of black hair and marveling that someone so perfect, so lovable, had been conceived with a man she hadn't loved, then. She did now, though. James was rather like a force of nature in terms of loving. He loved her with everything he had and she had opened her arms to take him all into herself. Her heart. Her life. Their lives, really. There were three Potters, now. "What are you writing?" she asked her husband as he put his quill away. "Adding his name and birthdate to the family records. Harry James Potter, born 19 September 1979. I guess that means he won't be going to Hogwarts until 1991." "Twenty years after we did," Lily supplied. Her husband crossed the room to her and wrapped long, strong arms around her and their son. "We'll make it safe for him, Lily. I swear it." She nodded. "We will."