legs so that she could have proper access to her thighs. She thought she had imagined the sharp intake of breath from Ginny, until she saw how damp the crotch of her panties was. "In for a penny..." She thought, and she slipped her thumbs under the elastic and slid them up the sides of Ginny's pussy. She didn't imagine the moan, or the jerk of Ginny's hips, and she looked up to see Ginny staring at her, her chest heaving. "No, this isn't part of the massage, Ginny. This is something I want to do. Okay?" "Okay." Pansy wasted no time peeling off the panties and applying her lips and tongue to Ginny. Ginny slid her fingers into Pansy's hair, and held on while Pansy demonstrated convincingly just how very much she really wanted to do this. Ginny didn't want it to ever end, but it had indeed been a while, and Pansy was just so good that Ginny was soon shaking with the intensity of her orgasm. Pansy was right there with her. "Ginny, I -" Pansy began. "Shut up and kiss me. I came twice while you were rubbing my tits. I've never been with a woman before, but I think it's my turn now. I hope you won't mind getting coconut oil on your bed, because I think I'll need more room than the table has. Let me know if I'm doing it wrong." Pansy had no occasion to correct anything. Ginny was a quick study. They showered together and then got dressed to go and see the flat. "Thanks Pansy," Ginny said, "that was great." "My pleasure, believe me. It was kind of a dream come true for me, frankly. I've been hot for you for a while now. The real problem with me and Draco wasn't that he was a dick, but that he had one. Men just don't do it for me." "So you planned this?" "Not really, but I guess I did sort of take advantage of the circumstances. Are you mad?" "Hell no, I'm not mad. Can we do it again sometime?" Ginny asked. "It's fine with me. You don't feel weird or anything?" "Nope. Frankly, I've been wondering how sex with a woman would be for some time. I just never had the chance to do anything about it. I damn near exploded with Inga." "She's gay. If you don't join the club, you maybe can go out with her. I thought about giving up my membership to try and date her, but I like the place too much. It helps me keep in shape," Pansy said. "I like the shape it keeps you in. Your tits are amazing. I'm not sure I want to get back into dating right now anyway. I'll have my hands full with work." "Your tits are perfect. I came while I was rubbing them, too. There's some wine left, what say we drink to our tits?" Pansy said. "Great idea!" Pansy hurried to the kitchen and came back with two glasses of wine. She handed one to Ginny. "Here's to our tits!" Ginny said, and they touched glasses and drank. "So, are we still friends? Did I screw that up?" Pansy asked. "We're really good friends, Pansy. Bosom buddies, you might say. And I'm no expert on the girl stuff, but I'm not sure what we just did was technically screwing." "We can work on that if you like. And you seemed plenty expert to me. That was the best sex I've ever had, Ginny." "Same here, but it feels different, somehow. I'm not worried about what comes next, and I don't feel like things have changed between us. It still feels like we're friends, not like we're in love with all the baggage that can bring along," Ginny said. "We're not in love. I like you, a lot, and I enjoy being with you. You're fun, and good company, and I do care about you. What's different is that even when we're together, we're still ourselves. We don't have to try and change anything for each other. And we sure seem to be sexually compatible. What we have isn't complicated. We aren't complicated either, really, so if we want sex, we can have it together without any guilt or feelings of obligation. Does that make sense?" "It does. I didn't know this kind of friendship existed, frankly." "I imagine it's not really common. Let's just go with it though, and not over-think it. Time to go check out the flat." The rent was reasonable, and the flat was nice, and since he never had to advertise it and Pansy vouched for Ginny the manager waived the security deposit. "Thanks, Pansy. I wasn't looking forward to spending some awkward days at Harry's place. All I have to do now is move my stuff." "Come on, we'll go get your things from Harry's and then grab some furniture from my place. Unless you think he'd kill me or something." "Nah. Well, probably not, anyhow. He might not even be home." Harry wasn't home, and with the start Ginny had made that morning it really didn't take too long to pack Ginny's trunk. "That shrinking spell is handy. You really are good with charms," Pansy said. "Hermione taught it to me. She could put this whole house into a teacup, I think." "Do you ever see her now?" "Not often, she's out to reform the whole damn Ministry. I'm afraid she'll try and recruit me or something," Ginny said. "So you and she never, you know, maybe fooled around a little?" "Nope. I love Hermione, but like I said, you're my first woman. Let me leave a note for Harry and we'll get out of here." Ginny wrote a short note letting Harry know she was out of his house and wishing him well. There really wasn't a lot more to say. "Are you ready, Ginny?" Pansy asked. "I believe that I am." "The Beginning of...