twin. "Who do you think will win the Quidditch League this season?" The silence was broken and with it his melancholy. "Well," Harry said, a grin making its way onto his face. "I can bet that it won't be the Cannons!" The rest of the car ride went by in a flash of verbal sparring, laughter, and japes until a house loomed into sight. That is if it could be described as a house. Like on his very first visit, Harry was stunned. In all its glorious splendour, the Burrow appeared like magic. It still looked as if it could have once been a large stone pigpen, with more than a few extra rooms added on. In fact, he was convinced that it had grown. It still looked like an absolute death-trap, quite possibly because it was a death-trap. But he still loved it, and grinned again, his face splitting from ear to ear. He loved it even more when Mrs. Weasley burst forth from the front door and pulled him into the tightest, warmest hug he had ever felt. He felt truly wanted. He felt at home. Behind her, he caught a glimpse of red hair and a certain shy girl, Ron's sister. Percy stumbled into the garden soon after and offered his hand pompously to him, which Harry took only slightly reluctantly. Ginny just glanced awkwardly at him and looked away just as quickly. The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter. Harry looked around and saw that Ron and George were sitting at the scrubbed wooden table with two red-haired people that Harry had never seen before, though he knew immediately who they must be: Bill and Charlie, the two eldest Weasley brothers. "How're you doing, Harry?" said the nearer of the two, grinning at him and holding out a large hand, which Harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters under his fingers. This had to be Charlie, who worked with dragons in Romania. Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. He had a broad, good-natured face, which was weather-beaten and so freckly that he looked almost tanned; his arms were muscular, and one of them had a large, shiny burn on it. Bill got to his feet, smiling, and also shook Harry's hand. Bill came as something of a surprise. Harry knew that he worked for the wizarding bank, Gringotts and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwarts; Harry had always imagined Bill to be an older version of Percy: fussy about rule-breaking and fond of bossing everyone around. However, Bill was — there was no other word for it — cool. He was tall, with long hair that he had tied back in a ponytail. He was wearing an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it. Bill's clothes would not have looked out of place at a rock concert, except that Harry recognized his boots to be made, not of leather, but of dragon hide. "So, how is Curse-Breaking? And Dragon-Keeping? They both sound bloody dangerous to me!" He received a wry chuckle from the pair, who eyed each other and said, "You have no idea, kiddo." He grunted. A trickle of water ran down his back, and the shower began to cleanse his dirty body. Harry sighed in relief. It was blissful. A few minutes later, he stepped out from the shower and wrapped his lower body in a towel. His hair dripped on the wooden floor of the bathroom, so he reached for another towel. He dried his hair vigorously, but whenever he thought he had done, the moisture just seemed to return. Giving it up as a bad job, he ran his hand through his damp jet hair and smoothed it back as much as he could. He snorted. As if it would ever lie still! Ah well. With that recent failure in mind, Harry made his way back to Ron's room to get changed. A pair of baggy jogging trousers and an equally droopy tank top - both of a disinteresting grey that made a typical English winter sky look appealing - later, Harry tentatively made his way downstairs, taking as much care as possible to avoid the squeaky steps. The kitchen was deserted. He looked around him just to make sure and headed outside into the grassy garden of the Burrow, with the small village of Ottery St. Catchpole in the distance. A vague pink light spun around the orchard and the crops surrounding the house as he breathed in the cool, refreshing morning air. He set off on a light run around the house and inhaled the sparkling dew of the night, his feet pounding against the ground. If Dudley could do it, he could. However, within minutes, his lungs were full of fire and his legs burned with lactic acid. God almightly, he was unfit. "Fuck me sideways ..." Harry panted. "I'd rather not, thanks," came an amused voice from behind, causing him to jump. "But thanks for the offer nonethless," said an identical one, making him jump once again. "Christ, could you not fucking do that please! I'm going to need a change of boxers at this rate!" "And that, dear Harold, is why one should always go commando," the twins said snootily, a pair of perfectly twirled ginger moustaches appearing on each twin's upper lip. "After all, one never knows when one might get desperate." Harry gaped. "How?" The two winked. "Magic, Harry. Magic." So, what do you think? I know I said I wouldn't write anything other than ' Where Your Treasure Is ', but with this, I just couldn't help it. I do plan to continue this, as I do with ' Where Your Treasure Is '. Anyway, thank you so much for reading - feedback is welcome, as it really helps fuel my writing. I hope you enjoyed, and - dare I say it - until next time ... bye!