his eyes. "Parseltongue?" Harry guessed. A nod was his only answer as he calmly listened to Riddle's pronunciation of the word 'open' for a few times. In moments like these, Harry really missed being able to speak and understand the language of serpents. He got it on the second try and the box opened with a click. A small vial filled with blood lay innocently inside. He took it out with more care than necessary, holding it in his open palm for Riddle to see it better. Harry almost dropped the vial at the look of pure terror gracing the other's features. It reminded him of the expression Tom Riddle wore as he realized what Harry was about to do back in his second year at Hogwarts. Right before he stabbed the diary. "What happened? Is this not your blood or – ?" Riddle's fingers clenched around his palm as if he was trying to hold the vial himself. But of course, Harry felt no psychical sensation whatsoever. There was only a strange coldness around his hand. "Someone took a part of it," Riddle growled. "It's not full!" He was right. The vial was only a little over half full but Harry thought Riddle had poured exactly this precise amount. The older looking man turned to the muggle, a murderous look on his face. "Stop," Harry blurted and blocked his path. "Let me do the questioning. He can't see you anyway." Riddle was clearly displeased by the situation but motioned Harry to get on with it. The vial safely tucked in one palm, Harry whipped out his wand before he faced the muggle. "To whom did you give the box?" "No one," The man answered in a placid voice. "Lies," Riddle hissed beside him. "No, I don't think he's lying," Harry disagreed. "He literally can't. I cast the Imperius on him…" He could feel Riddle weighing numerous possibilities in his mind before replying. "Or at least his conscious mind doesn't know." Harry understood the implication at once. He immediately dove into the man's head and was bombarded with meaningless memories of working in some factory nearby, drinking and occasionally sleeping with a local married woman. He concentrated on thoughts regarding the package, grazing over the time when Riddle had given it to the muggle. Harry was near the point of deciding there was nothing to see when a familiar face made him stop and the particular memory played before his eyes. He retreated from Taft's head rather violently to find the man crumpled on the floor and gasping for air. Riddle's face immediately obscured his vision. "What did you see?" Harry blinked and moved back before losing his footing. Riddle moved to catch him, but his arm passed right through Harry's own. Harry stumbled into a table as he tried to calm his breathing, careful not to put too much pressure on the vial in his hand. Knowing Riddle, he was sure it had several protection charms but Harry wasn't willing to take the risk. "Do speak, Potter. What did you see?" Riddle chided as he came closer. Harry considered telling the man to leave him the hell alone for a few seconds but decided against it. This was not the time to argue. "There was a woman – a witch," Harry finally managed to say. Riddle's eyes were piercing as he waited for him to finish speaking. "She used the same method as we did to deal with the man." "That's unlikely. No one other than the two of us know about this," Riddle argued. "And it doesn't explain how she could have opened the box." Harry couldn't stop the hysterical giggle that escaped his lips. "She's a Seer, the same one that found me out a few months ago to tell me about the prophecy. About the boy I killed. From what I remember by digging through her head, she goes by the name of Althea or something like that." The muggle let out a pained sound but neither he nor Riddle bothered to spare him even a glance. They were staring at one another. Harry's head was still throbbing but he managed to ignore it as much as possible. Riddle looked livid. "You were in her mind and found nothing suspicious at all," Riddle echoed, as if he couldn't believe Harry had been that stupid. "I...At the time, the only thing I could think about was the prophecy," Harry said before he raised his voice in defense. "And if she managed to find a way around your spells, I'm sure as hell she would have been able to easily keep her thoughts away from me." Harry felt more ashamed than angry. The possibility of the older witch playing him into murdering an innocent child was nagging at him. But he remained silent, watching Riddle's jaw work a few times. "Once I gain a physical form, you'll show her to me through your memories," Riddle threatened. "And after that, we'll find her and get my blood back." Riddle could have been speaking to himself but he nodded anyway. Once they brought him back the bond between them would be more powerful than ever. If someone was in possession of one of their blood…The thought was bone-chilling. Not to mention the so-called prophecy she made, but that was for Harry to deal with on his own. There was also the question of when 'I' changed into a 'we'. Or when he started going along with it so easily. "And we will. After your resurrection," Harry said and raised the vial once again. "It's enough for it, isn't it?" "Fortunately, yes." It was almost as if the Seer knew the exact amount of blood required for the ritual. "Now dispose of the muggle and return to your flat," Riddle uttered, distancing himself from Harry. "There we will discuss the details." He bided his time by the door until Harry muttered the deadly spell before leading them into the cold night.