for a moment, all but knowing the result and looked at miss Black "care for a friendly wager?" I grinned... "Why, yes my lord... I am sure that you wish to put your wage at Klára, and I accept so far a decent fight on both sides" there was something feral in her eyes when she looked at duelling pair. So far no one could oppose her based on the way the duel looked. I nodded "if I win, Will you do me a favour of dance?" I got a half-friendly half fanatic smile in answer, Bellatrix nodded just as Klára avoided a close stunner by rolling aside while she kept firing spell after spell, as I saw her look, I knew that now is the time to give full attention, and then I saw it, quick flick of wand, up and in clockwise circle, and muttered Ceram pavimentum, part of the floor right behind Regulus start glisten a bit. I said "checkmate in two steps..." and Klára prove me right, she started to relentless push on Regulus, forcing him to do three steps back for every one forward, and in few seconds, he was on the waxed part of the floor... "Step one," said I, and as he stumbled and fell, Klára in the same moment called "Accio wand!" With a smile, I commented "step two, check mate!" as the piece of walnut wood flew over the room, right into Klára"s hand. I was the first to start clapping with a bold smile on my face, then Regulus, after getting the grip on the reality, then the rest. After short applause ended, Klára retreated to her usual spot, behind my right shoulder and smiled. This was just a small part of her magical arsenal, she could very likely destroy this castle if given enough time, and more, not because of sheer power, she was no Dumbledore reborn, but if you mix well over average level of power, with a mind that cracked curses at ten, and has a tendency to leave just ashes and death... I immediately scolded my rising frown into a normal expression, a person willing to lay on the grenade for me deserve better, whatever are her flaws. Regulus bowed to her again and then called for his house elf to get us some refreshment. I gladly bite in the piece of roasted chicken with fresh bread, and others seem to be like-minded on the issue. Yet there was a wager to cash, I courtly bowed to miss Black, and asked: "shall we have a dance?" A half feral smile was all the answer, I needed, and so we took the field. Tha Bellatrix did something I did not expect, she charmed her skirt to reach barely over the knees, it made perfect sense, as long skirt would be a distinct disadvantage, yet I felt like if she did it as much to get me out of my zen, as for better agility. Honestly, I cants say, that I minded terribly, She wore a pair of ballerinas, well fitting for the occasion, and It was not all that easy to keep eyes looking where they should be. I undid jacket and vest, it would be hardly a fair duel, if I would be wearing all-body shield charm, and tossed those on the sofa along with my reserve wand to make field quite as even as I wanted it to be. "shall we?" I said, and in that second a wall of stunners was inbound in my direction. Diving under the barrage, I flung myself forward to cut the distance, that worked as well as french car, I was hit by the stream of water, and my attempt was cut few feet short of the target. I ended up even farther from Bellatrix than I started, but this had positive implications as well, so close to water, a strange sense of cold started to radiate from my wand, I learned to associate this cold with a power, and now I put that power to use. After being hit with the strongest stunner I could produce Bellatrix's shield charm flicked and almost folded, it also forced her to took two steps back and stumbled on her legs a bit I noticed, but instead of mercilessly exploiting the situation I used the precious moment to take an appreciating look, which backfired mightily just a few seconds later. Bella got her stability back and I found myself facing a damn best way of using a shield charm. the way actual shield is used by swordsmen. Instead of facing my curses, and spells head on, Bellatrix used various angles of her shield to ease the impact of my spells, I would have to seriously overtax myself to go even in the vicinity of power necessary to break such a shield. But I saw the floor just under the shield being the part that was polished by Klára, and I come up with a plan. I started to use side and ceiling duelling wards to lob stunners from the high angle, and slowly step by step got close enough to make a run for victory in this match. I flung myself on the ground propelled myself with depulso aimed at the wall on my end of the field and once I slid under the shield I ended the duel with Stupefy powerful just enough to take Bella out for few minutes. As I slide past her I added a nice Cushion charm so she won't get bruised, and a mere seconds later hit another one that saved me from concussion, and a smug look of cat that somewhat eaten full menagerie of Canaries and goldfishes on Klára"s face promised that I will pay for that later, I did not know how, but I was positive, that there will be a punishment. Once I got up on my feeds and enervated Bellatrix, she demanded a rematch, well if lady commands a gentleman obeys…