the first time ever Harry let her win and she growled in triumph before pulling away her eyes shining gold. "I love you, Harry." "And I love you, Hermione." -o0O0o- Harry cried without shame as he watched each of his girls bleed out from their chests into the ritual circle. Each had plunged a conjured dagger into their own hearts which vanished upon their deaths leaving a gaping wound in each of them. Harry could feel the power building, he could feel each of his girls Horcruxes within him pulsing in pain as their souls were used to provide the power for the ritual. The Horcruxes within him should survive the journey, though the rest of heir souls would be consumed for the ritual. It was the reason none of them could send their souls back with him. Even with six willing given souls, they could only send him back to the end of his third year of Hogwarts. They had originally hoped to send him back to his birth and save even more lives. His own parents. Luna's Mother, Susan's parents and Daphne aunt, they had wished to save them all but alas it wasn't possible. Harry waited to focus with all his might to push aside his pain and sorrow at watching his girls end their own lives so as to make sure they didn't do so for no good reason. As their blood flowed through the circle and the runes started to glow Harry conjured his own dagger and held it over his heart as his eyes fixed on the rune that was to be the last to light up. It would stay light for only a few seconds and it was in that time that Harry must end his own life or the whole ritual would fail. Harry plunged the dagger through him heart the moment the rune light up and Harry felt a sensation much like a portkey grab hold of him and tear him from his physical body before everything went black. It felt like Harry had been in blackness for an eternity when suddenly a ghost like voice spoke to him in the darkness. "Interesting." It said as if amused and if Harry had a body he would have turned to try and locate the voice but as it was. He tried to speak, to ask what was happening but found he had no voice either. "You have done a number on your soul, yet have kept it balanced with pieces from others, none has done this before." The voice continued whether it knew Harry could hear it or not it seemed to wish to speak to him. "You have done what none has done before you, You have sent you soul back in time defying both myself and fate in the process." At those words, dread filled Harry. He had long known that such primal entities such as death, life, fate, destiny, and many others did have manifestations if they so chose. It seemed he offended two of them with his travel through time." "You may call me death, boy. But do not be afraid I do not come to claim your soul but to give you a message, a warning, a gift and to make a request. Should you heed the warning and do as I ask you will never see me again and your girls will never meet me until you are all ready to do so. Harry's fear vanished but his worry doubled at those words. A promise from death to never see him until they wished to? To keep himself and his girls from death forever if they wanted. That was a deal to good to be true. "You have gone farther than any other to avoid me, yet I can see your intentions clearly and you did not do it for yourself. You held absolutely no fear of death for yourself but for those of your coven. And now you have risked everything for the chance to come back and protect others, to save others, an entire world in fact. You have broken from the mold Fate built for you and she is just as interested in what you will do as I am. The message is, you are out of fates control, she wishes to see what you will do now that you are free. The warning is from me. Never make this journey again. This journey through time shall be your one and only. Had I not stepped in to guide it to completion you would have ended the existence of several universes. And the gift will be this. I shall place the pieces of your soul that were in each of your girls into them again. When you awaken each of them will still be a Horcrux for you and you a Horcrux for each of them. In return for bearing these messages, stopping you from destroying several universes unintentionally and for the gift, I would ask one thing from you in return. Gather the items known as the deathly hallows and destroy them. I once gifted them to man thinking it would help lead them on a better path, but like most things mankind had abused them and I wish them returned to me. Harry gasped as he jerked awake in the middle of the hospital wing and looked around to see both Ron and Hermione sleeping in hospital beds as well. Ron's leg was wrapped up tightly where Padfoot had bitten it and Harry couldn't hold back a smile. It had worked. He was back in the third year. He had a chance to save the world from becoming the desolate wasteland it was in the future. He fell back against his pillows and closed his eyes as he organized his thoughts and tried to fall back asleep. Unknown to him six girls jerked silently awake from odd dreams they couldn't clearly remember and an aching in their chests that faded quickly.