too poor. You're not too anything for me, Remus. You're perfect." She leaned forward and kissed him again, keeping it gentle and chaste, and it was the most tender, perfect kiss Remus had ever experienced. He sighed when she broke away, and slowly opened his eyes. "You're beautiful, love," he murmured, joy bubbling up out of his chest. "I have something for you, darling," he said as he sat up. He grabbed her hand and pulled her up, kissing her again as they stood in the room. "I don't want to give to you here, though, in this place. Come with me?" Dora looked up at him, a smile on her lips, and she slipped her hand into his. "Anywhere, love," she said, "as long as we go together." Together, hand in hand, they made their way down the creaky steps and left the Shrieking Shack behind. Remus led the way, his grip on her hand never faltering as they left the village of Hogsmeade behind. The pink morning sky guided them through the Forbidden Forest, just light enough to see any obstacles in their path. They had been walking for nearly half an hour, neither speaking, only reveling in the joy of being in the other's presence. Finally, Remus slowed, pushing a last, leaf-covered branch out of their way. "Oooh, Remus," Dora murmured, her eyes widening at the sight of the quiet clearing and glistening pond before them. The light of the sun pierced the surrounding ring of trees, and the surface of the water was as shiny and reflective as a mirror. She stepped further into the clearing and turned back to face him. "This is beautiful, Remus," she said, a trace of awe in her voice. Remus smiled as he stepped towards her and took her hand in his again. He led her around to the other side of the pond and urged her to sit on the rocks there. He stopped in front of her and knelt on one knee, keeping his eyes on her face, a gentle smile playing on his lips. "Nymphadora Tonks," he began, his voice wavering with a curious mix of fear, excitement and longing. "Dora, you make this life worth living. You are kind, beautiful, caring, intelligent, brave and carefree. Your love is precious, and you've chosen to give it to me." As he spoke, he dipped a hand into his pocket, pulling out the small wooden box from the fireplace. He kept his eyes on hers as he opened it and pulled the small ring loose. "Dora, this was my mother's ring. I've kept it, hidden in the place that reminded me of the worst part of myself, afraid to even look at it because I thought I wouldn't ever have someone to give it to. You pulled me out of the blackest depths of despair. Your love gives me strength, it gives me purpose. I never thought I would find someone like you, someone who could look past all that I am and still want me, still love me. Dora, you have stolen my very soul," he said, nearly whispering. Dora's eyes were wide and bright, her lips open slightly as she breathed quickly. He could see her pulse jumping in her throat and wanted nothing more than to press his lips there. Instead, he met her gaze again and smiled. "Nymphadora Tonks, I love you. I love you with every fiber of my being. I have loved you since the day that I met you and I will love you until the day that I die. Dora," he looked down at their joined hands and smiled as he slipped the ring over her finger. "Dora, will you be my wife?" Before he could raise his gaze to hers, she threw her arms around him. The force of it threw him back on his haunches and he wrapped his arms around her as her lips found his. Several long moments later, he tore his mouth from hers and sucked in a ragged breath. "You haven't answered yet, you know," he said with a laugh. Dora scrunched up her face and a bright smile lit her face as she saw the awe in his eyes. "Yes, Remus," she murmured, before leaning down to kiss him gently. "I will marry you, darling," she said, then tossed her head, allowing the pink curls to catch the sunlight. Remus brought a hand up and pushed his fingers into the curls, pleased beyond belief to see this physical implication of her happiness. "I do so love you, Dora," he said, before pulling her close and kissing her again. Several days later, Remus Lupin and Nymphadora Tonks returned to Hogwarts for the funeral of their beloved leader. They arrived, hand in hand, and found their way to the white marble tomb that had been erected on the lawn. Minerva McGonagall stood nearby, watching their approach, and felt a smile tug at her lips. "He would have liked to see the pink today, Ms. Tonks," she said by way of greeting, smiling broadly when Nymphadora leaned forward to hug her. "I thought he might, Professor, but its Mrs. Lupin, now," she said, a mischievous grin dancing on her lips. She glanced at her husband and the grin softened to a tender smile, and Minerva McGonagall felt her heart swell with joy as she enfolded Remus in a hug. "I knew you had it in you, young man," she whispered, closing her eyes against the happy tears that threatened. "Thank you, Minerva," he whispered, "For everything." A.N. I know Dumbledore's portrait most likely was not already in his office the night that he died, and I had intended for McGonagall to be the only one to give Remus a kick in the ass, but I took a bit of artistic liberty and threw Dumbledore in as well. Please don't crucify me for it, as this is a work of fiction, and I never claimed to be canon-compliant.