was Albus Dumbledore who lingered on the balcony after everyone had left. Years of heavy loss and war had resulted in the shrewdly calculating gaze of his. The keen blue eyes–not twinkling, for once–swept across the damage done to the balcony. He assessed the small, pristine circle on the floor that had been left untouched by the soot and ashes. His eyes hardened. Warily, the esteemed wizard picked up his robes, not letting them graze the floors where the traces of dark magic still swirled. He descended down the stairs, shivering involuntarily at the dark rain that trailed leisurely down the floor to ceiling windows. He nearly snorted at the irony of a storm raging just outside. The lightening flashed, illuminating the haunted secrets that lay behind the hollowed shadows of his eyes. His mind was reeling, going over the possibilities and imagining endless scenarios. He stiffened as he approached the Potter family. But he forced a pleasant façade to ghost over his troubled expression, carefully concealing the cold steel with the ever-present twinkling. "It's You-Know-Who. It's definitely him. It's starting. It's already begun." James Potter was repeating, over and over again, tugging on errant strands of his jet-black hair. Lily looked up from dabbing at the open wound that was bleeding profusely on Alexander's forehead. She noticed the growing tears in her son's eyes, and she winced, "James, you're scaring him." Harry barely suppressed the urge to roll his eyes. There was a prickling sensation at the back of his neck, and he looked up abruptly to see Dumbledore's blue eyes twinkling down at him. Harry morphed his features into one of disinterest, ignoring the cold, and calculating look that the old coot was bestowing upon him. Finally, Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and turned his attention back to Alexander. He may have only been six years of age, but Harry was no fool. The thin, practiced smile of Albus Dumbledore had him instantly stiffening with unease. There was a hard edge to Dumbledore's voice when he announced, "It does seem to be the work of Voldemort, himself." He raised his wand to heal Alexander, musing quietly, " Green flames." Harry watched as the bleeding slowly stopped, then, the pale skin inched closer together and puckered over the gash to form a thin white scar. His eyes widened at the curious shape. A lightening bolt? How peculiar. His inner ponderings were interrupted by the sound of Dumbledore addressing his father. "James, a word, if you would." Harry tried to look nonchalant as he observed the plethora of expressions that came over his father's face in a matter of minutes. He and Dumbledore had only exchanged a couple words, and yet James Potter sat back down as if he had heard the gravest news. Finally, his father spoke, his voice soft and full of promise, "Heya, Harry. I've got a surprise waiting outside for you. Do you want to go see it?" Harry glanced up from his position on the chair, nose wrinkling at the all too sugary sweet tone coming from his father. His sharp eyes saw his mother stiffen almost imperceptibly. "It's a special surprise, Harry, dear. Even Alexander can't see it." Lily Potter pitched in, her voice breaking slightly. "Come along, darling." She held out a hand, waiting for her son to take it. Harry narrowed his eyes for the briefest of seconds, but when he felt the same, heavy gaze of Albus Dumbledore, he reluctantly placed his small hand in hers. Lily grasped his hand almost painfully tight as she led him out the massive doors of Potter Manor. She patted his head in a tender way before walking with him to the edge of the lawns, James Potter trailing not far behind. A smooth black car was parked on the magical boundary of the estate, the headlights shining brightly against the dark backdrop of the night sky. James opened the door, helping his wife and son inside. And they drove. It seemed almost endless. Eventually, Harry fell asleep with his head resting in Lily Potter's lap. He did not notice her pale face and taut expression. Her hands continued their steady stroking through his hair. One by one, each strand of silky hair, so dark it was almost classified as black, fell from her fingers. He was woken up several hours later, when his father ushered him out of the car and onto a dimly lit street. It was a muggle street . Harry noticed drowsily. Even through the thick haze of sleep, he walked up the steps to one of the many houses, leaning against his mother's side. She knelt down to his height for the last time, avoiding his questioning green eyes. It was only then he noticed a small traitorous tear slip down her cheek. Harry swiped a small hand across her face, wiping away the lone tear. He frowned. "Harry," James cleared his throat and looked anywhere but the hauntingly empty green eyes, "This is your new home." Harry curled his fingers into a small fist, growing tighter and tighter with each treacherous word that tumbled out of his parents' mouths: "Alexander cannot have any distractions." "He's the savior, Harry. He needs to train to save our entire world." "Without him, we're doomed." "We need you to stay here, with Auntie Petunia and Uncle Vernon. Just for the time being." His mother rose up and ruffled his hair one last time. "Goodbye, Harry, dear. I'll always love you." Harry stood still as he watched them go with a frosted glare. His nails dug little crescent shaped moons into his palm, and he gnashed his teeth together when they turned to look back at him one last time. Their hands were already on the car door, but Harry knew they could hear him. With an expression of utmost betrayal on his face and an eerily soulless gaze, he cruelly whispered the only words he had ever spoken to them. "Now you've done it."