way Potter's eyes followed it. "Come on. Show me what you can do." Potter stood quite still a moment, body leaning on air. Draco took the moment to eye him. Potter had a strength that he didn't often show when he was in Auror robes, as if they served the same purpose that his baggy Muggle clothes had in Hogwarts, to hide his body. But now he was stripped down to shirt and trousers, and his hair was disordered with sweat, and his eyes were dark. Well, all right, Draco would have liked to see the last two things under less dangerous circumstances. But he would take what he could get, and at the moment, Potter's grim little smile appealed to him, too. "Seriously, Malfoy?" Potter began to shift to the side, his eyes on Draco's, his body quivering with something that looked like tension, looked like eagerness, smelled like passion. "You want to take me on, right now, knowing what you know?" Draco nodded. "Everyone knows that Weasley's in hospital, and everyone knows that you're tearing yourself up about it because you didn't stop the hex in time," he drawled, forcing the right amount of insouciance into his voice to make Potter quiver some more. He liked watching it. He liked a lot of things about Potter at the moment, and in general this year, if he was being honest with himself. "And I know that you're in here hexing nothing and it isn't working. Come and get me, then." He posed, and it nearly cost him the duel. Potter rushed at him, and over his shoulder came the curse, cast from behind him so that Draco's attention would be on his charge and not the actual threat. Draco ducked awkwardly and heard more stone tear out of the wall behind him. He Transfigured the floor beneath Potter's feet to water, wondering if it would slow him at all. It didn't. Potter leaped, and somersaulted, and unfolded in front of Draco with a grace that made his mouth water even as Potter struck out with one hand full of shimmering, translucent oil. Draco judged the hand aimed neatly parallel with his eyes, and knew what it would do if it struck: cling to his eyes and mouth, blinding and suffocating him. He lurched backwards again, and Potter laughed. "Always retreating, Malfoy, never attacking?" he asked, and created a handful of the oil that flew at Draco separately from his body. Draco ducked that, too, and from his position flat on the floor called tiny rustling scarab beetles, which climbed straight up Potter's legs. Potter's face took on a distant expression until the first bite, invisible because they were under his trousers. Then he laughed aloud and cast the charm that dismissed them, saying, "Well done, Malfoy." Praise from Harry bloody Potter shouldn't make Draco breathless and nearly hard. But it didn't stop him, either, and that was the important thing. This time, he was the one to fling a handful of oil at Potter, the kind that would burn on contact. Potter pivoted, avoiding it, and turned that into his second attack on Draco, which became a handful of burning white dust, and crowded Draco's eyes before he could evade. Draco immediately slammed his eyes shut and cast Aguamenti , washing his face clean. He emerged with no greater damage than a few boils around the nose and ears filled with the snapping and burning sound of the miniature sparks embedded in the dust. He was aware that he was grinning, so widely that the dangers of Potter launching something into his mouth were rather great, and that his heart and his erection were both throbbing. He only hoped that Potter wouldn't notice the latter. But he no longer feared his comments if he did, either. He flung his own hand out, and almost felt Potter turn to look at it before he cast the spell around the other, a tiny storm complete with thunder and lightning that would grow as it neared the victim and fill their world with noise and light and danger. It flew, and Potter wouldn't be able to dodge it in time. Draco watched breathlessly— And Potter spread his hands, and a dragon unfolded from them, long-bodied and desert-colored, and opened its mouth. The storm flew down its dry throat, and the dragon spun in place on itself and disappeared. Only then, when no more spells came at him, did Draco realize how tired he was. He watched Potter slump over, hands on his knees, and wished he could do the same thing himself. But they weren't yet in that place. The yet surprised him, and by the time he had finished dealing with his thoughts, Potter had straightened up and was staring at him speculatively. Draco inclined his head back and smiled slightly. "Thanks, Malfoy," Potter said, facing the wall he'd nearly destroyed and repairing the holes he'd left with a few well-placed charms. Draco nodded, realizing with an unexpectedly fierce ache that he would have to wait until Potter left and then quell both his erection and his desire for a repeat of the fight. They had helped each other—well, he had helped Potter—but the moment was over, as quick and fleeting as the time that he had saved Potter's life or Potter had attacked Pollinac for him. Nothing where they were concerned could last forever. But Potter paused in front of him instead of moving out of the room. Draco blinked and looked at him. Potter leaned in, balanced on the balls of his feet as though it was important that he not touch Draco otherwise, and brushed his lips in a long, slow line across Draco's left cheek, to his lips, to his right cheek. Then he drew back and nodded, more to himself than Draco. "See you, Malfoy," he said, and strode out, leaving Draco to stare after him in wonder and try, unsuccessfully, not to touch his face.