The laughter startled Harry and made him flinch, causing the two guests snicker. Then, the figure on the right walked into the hallway, and lowered its body to see Harry's face. Harry fearfully stepped back, but his back touched the wall. Too afraid to move again, he merely stared at the person approaching him. Under the fedora, Harry could see a feminine face that displayed dark eyebrows and amethyst eyes with long eyelashes. Her eyes had an eerily mesmerizing depth that seemed to lure something out of Harry, and scanned Harry from the top to bottom. Then, she made a 'hmm' sound that harbored mild disapproval. Her nose scrunched. Harry realized how uncouth he looked; his hands were still greasy with cooking oil, his shirts were stained with sauces, and his pants were just barely wearable. They were so worn out that one could say the homeless people had better clothes. He blushed in embarrassment. But when she scrutinized Harry from bottom to the top, she gasped. She then stared at the boy. "Oh my," the woman finally spoke in tone that was low for a female, "you must be Mr. Dursley's nephew, aren't you?" "Yes, ma'am," Harry replied, subdued. "Harry Potter, I presume?" The woman asked again. "Ye, Yes, ma'am," Harry answered, surprised. How did she know her name? Was she his uncle's co-worker? Harry didn't realize, but the two other strangers' eyes widened in surprise, and walked into the hallway. They knelt to see the child's forehead, and Harry could see that they were both men, one brunette and the other crimson-red haired.. "Son of a bitch," the brunette swore. "Is this, is this really him ? How in the seven heavens did he end up like a house-elf?" House elf? "Hell if I know," the crimson-red haired man snapped. He turned to the woman and asked, "Sister, what do we do?" "First order of business," the woman spoke quietly, "we finish what we come for." "BOY!" Uncle Vernon strode in the hallway, shouting,"what's taking so long? Dudders wants to eat desserts, but you are loitering with these strangers-" Vernon's eyes laid on the stranger lady, and stopped angry rant. The ugly reddish purple complexion from his face drained, and the paleness took in place. "Mi-Ms. Anderson," Vernon stuttered in a fashion that Harry never imagined would see, "what brings you here? Eh, I mean, it's not that I mind you coming here, yes." The loud and obnoxious uncle Vernon that Harry knew so well disappeared as if it had never existed. Instead, there was a frightened human being, acting like a criminal caught red-handed. Sweat rolled down from the fat man's neck and forehead. His eyes kept wandering, barely staying in one spot for more than a second. His hands were trembling, fingers writhing pointlessly. He seemed to forget about dessert entirely, and became essentially mute. It only confused Harry. "To collect our debt, of course," the woman whom Vernon address as 'Ms. Anderson' answered. Contrary to Vernon, she was composed and perhaps, even relaxed. "I believe the contract specifically states that the due date was July 30th, 1988, which is today." A thin, condescending smile crept to her lips, like a kindergarten teacher who was dealing with a particularly dim child struggling with simple math. Vernon's breath hitched. His eyes widened, and fear dominated his entire face. Harry, who was now standing between the 'guests' and Vernon, simply looked back and forth. "Ye-Yes. Ms. Anderson!" Vernon started to stutter, "I, I was ready to have my secretary write a check and fill in necessary form and all, but today, one of the workers got caught embezzling the company's budget! So I-," "Mr. Dursley," Ms. Anderson tutted disapprovingly, "we do not appreciate such lies. By now, you should have learned that we are quite well informed. If anyone is embezzling money from anyone here, that would be you. Here is the question: where is that laundered money?" "Vernon?" Petunia came out of kitchen, "who are they in the hallway? Is something wrong?" "Pet, just stay in the kitchen," Vernon hastily gestured his wife to stay away, "nothing's wrong. I am taking care of-" "You are not," Ms. Anderson cut Mr Dursley, who flinched instantly, "in fact, I would say you are exacerbating the matter by dishonesty and lack of punctuality. Isn't it a common moral code that you should give back what you borrowed to the rightful owner?" "Borrow?" Petunia asked, confused. "Vernon, did you borrow money from them? Why didn't you tell me? From what bank did they come?" "They are not from bank," Vernon muttered, shameful. "They are moneylenders." "MONEYLENDERS?!" Petunia shrieked, "Vernon, are you out of your mind? Of all places, why do you go to loan sharks!" "Pet, please listen-"Vernon tried to stop his panicking wife, getting more and more pale every second. "We spent so much money for Dudley's birthday last month!" Petunia ignored her pleading husband, "we also purchased a new car on May that was three thousands pounds more expensive than our last one! We could have used that money to pay the debt-" "SHUT UP, WOMAN!" Vernon finally roared, cowing Petunia instantly, "I know what I am doing! Do you know how much it takes to keep up our appearances in this neighborhood?! The business is already failing as it is-" "Failing business?" a still voice cut through Vernon's yelling, effectively quieting him down. "Signora, what would you like us to do?" The bloody red haired male asked. "What we usually do to our," Anderson slowly approached to Vernon, who was now wholly trembling, ".. worms that fail to meet the ends." "...What about this kid?" The purple-eyed lady gazed at frozen Harry. He was just standing there, too frightened to even fidget an eyebrow. "Oh," she said, a dark smile slipping into her lips, terrifying Harry even more, "he will be our audience today. Alex?" "Yes, signora?" "Call the rest of team. And don't forget my favorite toolboxes."