tell me that you want me to stop." He worked his fingers back and forth, and Harry went silent. Then he gasped, then he smacked himself in the forehead trying to work his way into a more acceptable position, and then he said, "Draco—Draco, yes ." Draco did have to smile smugly at the look of open adoration on Harry's face, but he resolutely went back to sending his fingers deeper, and Harry fell silent and looked at him the way he had when Mother turned his head and really had him see Draco. Once again, Draco had the impulse to ask exactly what he saw, but right now, it would interrupt them and entail more explanations than he wanted. He widened and opened Harry instead, and by the time he had him making a noise that wasn't a grunt or a sigh or a moan because it was all of those at once, Draco thought he could conjure some more lube and spread it on his cock. The first touch to himself almost made him come. Draco hastily slammed his eyes shut and spent some time thinking about ice and his past life, until he knew he was ready. Then he felt warmth touching his cock, and opened his eyes to tell Harry he might not be ready yet, he might be too sensitive and simply orgasm— Until he realized it wasn't Harry's hand. Apparently Harry was ready and saw no point in lying around while Draco thought about depressing memories. He worked his arse onto Draco with a grunt and then locked his heels in the sheets on the bed, beginning to fuck himself with fury that somewhat made up for his lack of precision. "Oh my God ," Draco said, and fell back as though he was the one with another bloke's cock inside him. Harry pushed him further back into the pillows, with another snort like the one he'd made when he took the Invisibility Cloak off, and began to rut. Sometimes he rose up so far Draco almost slipped out, and Draco would hastily grab him and force him back on. They both cried out when that happened. It was like no sex Draco had had in either lifetime, carnal, primal, fast. Once he caught Harry's eyes and saw them shining with some of the same determination they'd showed when he walked across the Great Hall to face Voldemort. We can use his name now, he's gone— But the memory and feeling of what they were doing right now overrode that image, and Draco touched Harry's cheek for a second before his hand was jolted off by the swift movements, and gave himself up to the now. To the now that would always be now, he thought, his mind spiraling and leaping. To the now that was Harry, his neck flushed and straining, his eyes closed, his hair flying behind him, his glasses gone somewhere in the scuffle. To the now that was Draco coming, that was Harry coming, and the way that pleasure crashed him straight into his life. This was now. There was no need to worry about any other then or when or existence. Draco opens his eyes. He stares. He thought, when he went into the fire, that the spell would consume his life, would funnel all of him into the past. But it seems he is floating in darkness, among twining strands of stars that look like the Milky Way, and he wonders for a moment if this is the afterlife. While part of him still sees and feels what the other Draco he helped sees and feels, there is also this. Instead of fading or drifting aimlessly or going back to what he thought was his life, though, he begins to move with purpose, as though following a current. Draco just goes with it, baffled and unsure. Maybe he will see his parents. He would rather not, though. He would rather remember the happy versions of them from this lifetime he sacrificed himself to create, not—not the ones who perished. One of the coiled strands of stars turns around on its axis and seems to come closer. Draco realizes he's about to slam into it. He holds out his hands, and finds them engulfed by cold star-mist, then his arms. And his head fills with another Draco, another lifetime, to join the contented one with Draco explaining time travel to Harry on their bed in the Slytherin dungeons, and the one that made him do this, and he catches his breath as he realizes what's happening. The book said to him: They who would alter the past, must be prepared to sacrifice all futures. And the book said the spell would feed upon his life, his soul. There was no mention of how long it might take a life, a soul, to burn up. Or that there couldn't be other futures that would open up, that he would have to sacrifice his comfortable existence in just one timeline. Draco spins and begins to funnel down into another place, another past, while his emotions rebound wildly around him. He's not sure how he feels about this. He meant to do something that would recover his past, help him, not—not keep him going into Merlin knows how many moments of pain and desperation. As many as there are stars? But on the other hand, what other futures might he find, what other moments might there be that he can help other Dracos past? He might see his father free from prison. He might become friends with Weasley. He might walk free and see the Dark Lord killed even earlier. He might kill him himself. He might see Harry again. He spins, and he descends, and the future is far wider than what he could see through the windows of the Manor, and there is sunlight, not firelight, jewels, not granite. There is no more grey. Draco opened his eyes. The End.