and kissed him lightly on the cheek. Draco twisted his head to catch him on the lips, sighing as the torrent of power flooded him. He was transparent, he thought, and burning from the inside out with the flame that was Harry. He started to press Harry gently to the ground. There were things he had neglected, the proper introduction of a Veela to his mate, and he was willing to make up for them now. Harry gasped, then said, "Not—here. I don't want to—do anything in blood and gore." He looked at the Aurors' bodies, and his face twisted. "What are we going to do with them?" Draco reached down to dig his claws into the blue soil. The red didn't always obey a Veela, but the blue was the color of their eyes, the color of the heavens they flew through, sometimes the color of their wings. It promptly rolled up, chilled, and grabbed the Aurors' bodies, burying them like twisting ropes. "That will keep the bodies safe?" Harry was watching the mounds of shining earth, and Draco gently reached out and tipped his face back until Harry was looking at him. He'd done enough of sharing his mate with others. "Yes. It will preserve them perfectly. When we reach the Veela enclave, then we can talk to them about retrieving the bodies and returning them to the human world." Harry nodded. "So we can take them with us when we go." Draco blinked. It felt as if his eyes took longer to move than usual. At least Harry was watching them with the right kind of fascination. "So the Aurors can come and collect them. You don't think we'll be returning to the human world, do you?" Harry didn't respond for a second. Then he said carefully, "You said that when we reach the Veela, they'll be able to unbind us and give you a permanent mate. So even if you decide to stay here, I'll go back myself." "I said that? It's true enough, but I must have been mad. I can't imagine wanting any other mate than you." Harry moved a step closer to him, reached out, and gently cupped Draco's cheek. Silent, afraid of shaking the fragile bond between them, Draco reached out with one wing to slide a tip down Harry's cheek. "We can't fly all the way, you know." Harry's voice was a whisper. "You'll get tired. Do you think you can put your wings away and we'll walk for a little while? I don't want to stay here even if the blood and guts are mostly gone." Draco would have agreed to a lot worse requests at that point. He found himself nodding agreeably and pulling in his wings. For a moment they dangled behind his back down to his boots; then he concentrated, and he felt them turn into cool mist and dissolve into his back. They would look like nothing more than the tattoos of silver wings to whoever looked at them. And the world changed. Harry sighed a little as he watched Malfoy sink to his knees. He had heard once that a Veela's wings were a big part of their mindset, and if they put them away, then they would stop being so bird-like and become human. Since Malfoy was a Veela forced into the transformation, it made sense that he would see things in a more human way once his wings were tucked away. "What have I done?" Malfoy hissed. "What you needed to to survive." Harry didn't want to deal with a possessive Veela who wouldn't let him do anything on his own, but on the other hand, he wouldn't let Malfoy blame himself. He sat down next to Malfoy and clasped his hand. Even in this form, Malfoy instinctively clutched his fingers. "We'll get there, Malfoy. We'll find the Veela and give them your message and get them to give you a mate who will be happy to stay with you for always." He actually didn't know what the message Malfoy was supposed to tell the Veela was. That had been confidential. The Aurors were there to protect him, not try to discover secrets. Malfoy's head jerked up, his silver hair stinging along his ears. "You don't want to stay with me for always?" Harry remembered the warning Malfoy had given him about not doing anything that could be interpreted as rejecting the Veela. "I want to make sure that you have a good mate. A worthy one. If that means stepping aside when we find the enclave, that's what I'll do." Malfoy watched him as suspiciously as a wolf, but in the end he nodded and bent down to kiss Harry's knuckles. Then he sighed and stood. "We need to aim in that direction." He nodded to a distant part of the glowing horizon. Since the glow extended in a circle of the same brightness all around them, Harry didn't know if he was right, but he had to trust Malfoy sometime. "All right." "You've been very agreeable about all this." "I told you. We'll do what we can. And I want to survive. I know you want to, too." Harry hesitated for a second. "I couldn't save the others. I want to make sure at least one of the people I was supposed to be helping reaches the end of this journey." Malfoy snorted and began to walk past one of the blue mounds that contained the bodies. "You think you were there to protect the other Aurors, Potter?" Harry did. He knew he was the best of them, and he didn't know the rest of them well, and now they were dead. Malfoy got a few steps ahead. Harry lingered to look at the blue mounds. "I'm sorry," he said at last. "Rest well." "Potter!" The ground was dimming, the blue turning purple, the red orange, which was the substitute for nighttime in this dimension. Harry turned and hurried after Malfoy.