made his first thrust. It was such a tease that Draco immediately backed and bucked as hard as he could onto Potter's cock. Potter uttered a tearing groan of his own and thrust forwards again. His eyes were as wide as though he'd just had a revelation. A revelation of how fit I am, Draco thought smugly, but he honestly couldn't keep up the smugness for long enough to taunt Potter with it. He hooked his fingers into Potter's hair instead, and nipped his throat. "Fuck me." His body was burning with so much need now that Potter's first three thrusts didn't do anything to sate it, but the fourth helped a little. And with the fifth, Draco could feel the languid satisfaction settling into his bones even though barely anything had happened yet. He fell back onto the bed, needing to lie there with his arms sprawled out and let Potter do all the work. He did. His eyes were fixed on Draco's face, and his body never slowed down. Draco stared back at him between strands of his own pale hair. Potter's face softened for a second. Then he picked up pace and ferocity, and Draco began to cry out, steadily, from the pressure against the best place in his arse. He tried to wrap his legs around Potter's waist, to urge him on, but honestly, they were too limp. He just had to lie there and moan. His body shifted across the bed, pliant and fucked and used. Draco now and then felt bursts of pleasure from his cock, but he could almost ignore them. They weren't what he wanted right now. He forced his eyes open from where they had shut, and saw Potter bent above him, huffing, sweat dripping down his forehead that looked like it was almost ready to fall on Draco's body. Draco watched with brewing anticipation. He did manage to lift a hand and cup Potter's cheek for a second. Then Potter picked up the pace again , which Draco didn't know how he could, but then he didn't know how Potter accomplished half the things he did, on a broom or off it or defeating Voldemort or enticing Draco into this game or— Draco spasmed, his entire body deciding that what it really needed was to come now , and he did, drumming his heels and fucking himself as hard as he could on Potter's cock, delighting that he had something in his body, screaming from the goodness. His arse clamped down again, and he came harder and with a strength that made him moan harshly. Potter's eyes fluttered, and he followed. The soaking he gave Draco's insides was everything Draco hadn't known he wanted. The crawling languor in Draco's muscles stopped a bit when Potter reached out and picked up his wand, waving it, apparently canceling the spell that made Draco's body do whatever it needed. But honestly, not that much, Draco thought, as he managed to flop and spin himself around, get Potter out of his arse, and then turn back and stare into Potter's eyes. Potter grinned. "Hi," he whispered. "Hi," Draco said, and swallowed. With his need no longer broiling his brain, he realized he didn't have any idea how the next steps in their dance would go. The game was done. What was left? Potter only lay there quietly for a time, caressing his shoulder. Draco looked around and discovered that they were in some sort of classroom—in the dungeons, by the look of the stone in the walls. He relaxed. At least they didn't have to worry about someone opening the door on a whim and finding them. He still had to worry about what Pansy and Potter's friends would think, when he returned to class. But he didn't care that much about that. No, what he cared about was the five little points of contact that were Potter's fingers sliding down his shoulder. Potter cleared his throat. Draco tensed. This is the point where he tells me that we've had sex and it's been fun and all, but the game is over. "Would you like to go on a date with me to Hogsmeade next weekend?" Draco sure hoped his tonsils were attractive, because he was displaying them to Potter right now. "I—you're joking?" "No, I'm not." Potter traced his fingers over Draco's forehead, apparently using that as a substitute to keep from looking into his eyes. "I know this has been mostly sex and humiliating each other so far, but—I don't think it would have been this intense with anyone else. I want to feel that intensity again." Finally, he looked Draco in the eye. Draco hated himself for asking the question, but he had to. "And if it turns out that we never get the intensity we had back?" Potter smiled in response, so radiant that Draco felt a soft clench in his stomach as if the spell was still affecting him. "Oh, come on, Mal—Draco. It's us . We're pretty bloody intense." Draco, still feeling the soft clench, reached up and echoed it with the hold of his fingers on Potter's hand. "I suppose you'll be wanting me to call you Harry next," he drawled. Potter smiled even more broadly. "That would be nice, yeah." Draco leaned up and kissed him, and felt Harry's hand come around the back of his neck. He thought he felt that hand shuddering with inexplicable relief. Well, not so inexplicable. Draco had been afraid of losing this, too. "You know," Draco said conversationally when he pulled back from the kiss, "it'll probably be harder to explain to our friends that we're dating than to explain to them what was really going on back there." Harry grinned. "And you're not up for the challenge?" "Oh," Draco said, and returned the grin in a way that he hoped made Harry understand what he was getting into, "give me a little while, and I will be." The End.