suspected a thing." "Better for you, though, right?," I said, slowly backing away. Distract him, get out of the bathroom, then run to the Headmaster's office and tell Dippet everything. That was my plan. "Of course it makes everything for me much easier if no one knows what I'm up to," Tom said slowly. I took another step backward. Be subtle, I told myself. He has a deadly basilisk on his side. "You're going to tell on me, aren't you?," Tom continued. "Really, Olive, I'm disappointed in you. I thought you were more loyal than that." Well he's figured my plan out. New plan: don't get killed by his basilisk. "You are responsible for numerous attacks and a death." My voice shook as I took another step back. "Why don't you just...stop?" "I am the heir of Slytherin," Tom said softly. "I am going to finish what he did not." "The school will be forced to close!" I was trying and failing to stop him. Tom faltered for a moment, and I could see he had not thought of that before. Encouraged, I continued "Dippet was already talking about it. The death of Myrtle will be the last straw." "Only if the culprit is not caught." Tom was thinking hard. Reaching a conclusion, he started walking closer towards me with a smirk. "And the culprit will be caught." Yes, I thought, I'm going to turn him in. I didn't care if he was my friend, he had gone too far. "Fortunately, that third year half-giant, Hagrid, has been keeping an Acromantula as a pet, secretly," Tom revealed to me. "And that will make him the prime suspect." I realised what he was getting at. Tom was going to blame everything on Hagrid. The 'culprit' would be caught and the school would not have to close. Everything would turn out right except...that wasn't fair. Tom deserved the punishment. I had to distract Tom a little further otherwise the giant Hagrid could be expelled. "Well.." I desperately searched for something to say. "You still haven't completed Slytherin's work. "I've already thought about that." Tom gave me a nasty smile. "I will leave a memory of myself in this-" he took out a small, leather diary- "I will continue Salazar Slytherin's work through another student, and one day, this school will be free of all Mudbloods." A memory of himself...he had made a Horcrux from killing Myrtle! Horcruxes contained a piece of your soul so you were more or less immortal. I shuddered, forcing myself to concentrate on the bathroom I was still in. "I see..." My hand slowly reached into my robes pocket for my wand. I whipped my hand out as fast as I could. "Expelliarmus!" Tom's wand, which he had taken out, flew out of his hand. I caught it and ran out of the bathroom as quickly as possible, heading for Dippet's office. There was a loud pop and Tom appeared right in front of me. I looked at him, surprised. "You can Apparate-without a wand?" We had not had any Apparition lessons yet, and only very skilled witches and wizards could Apparate without a wand. Tom laughed. It sounded cold and merciless. "I can do a lot of things you don't know about, Olive," he said. He grabbed one of the wands from my hand, waving it. Ropes appeared, binding my hands and feet together so I couldn't move. Tom raised his wand, threateningly, pointing it directly at my face. "Tom, no." I tried not to let on the fact that I was terrified. What was he going to do? Kill me? "Tom," I tried again. "We're friends." "Which is the exact reason you are in this position." Tom didn't lower his wand. "You care too much about where I am and what I'm doing. Anything slightly out of the ordinary and you get suspicious. I told you before: don't poke your nose into other people's businesses. You didn't listen and now you are facing the consequences." "For what? Trying to protect my school from a rampaging monster?," I snapped. Tom didn't answer, but steadied his wand. "Say goodbye to your memories, Olive," he drawled. "No!," I screamed. "Help, somebody! Help-" A cloth appeared, covering my mouth and muffling any sound that came out of it. I struggled to free myself from the ropes. I was not going to lose my memories to a boy who I had known for six years. I tried to hop to get away, but the ropes were bound too tightly and I lost my balance, falling painfully on my side. Tom walked over to stand over me, smirking. "You can't escape, Olive," he's said. "You're just a stupid girl compared to me." I glared at him, utterly helpless. "Don't worry, this is completely painless," Tom said, still wearing a smirk that seemed to fit his face very well. I writhed and kicked and struggles but the ropes still held me tight. Tom was right: I was just a stupid girl compared to him-I had lost and now nobody would know who was the real heir of Slytherin. The giant Hagrid would be expelled. I had been given a chance to stop everything and I had failed. I stopped trying to escape my ropes, wallowing in my self pity instead. "Goodbye, Olive," Tom said cruelly. I shut my eyes, prepared for what was about to happen. I filled my head with all my happiest memories: when I had found out I had been accepted into Hogwarts, all those times when Miranda and I sneaked into the kitchen for food, summer holidays spent with my parents at the seaside and then... I'm sorry Myrtle, I thought. It's my fault you died. "Obliviate." A/N: Another random one-shot because why not? I realised after writing this that Myrtle was actually fourteen when she died, but for the sake of the story, we'll just say she was in sixth year like Olive and Tom. Please review :3