She wagged her eyebrows jokingly, but his response dumbfounded her. "She's pining over Neville and he's too stupid to realize it," he grumbled absently, glaring at the grass before him. His heart dropped at the jealousy dripping from the blurted words and spared Hermione a quick peek, embarrassment painting his cheeks. Hermione blinked once. Twice. Her lips parted with a million silent questions but nothing came out, stuck in the back of her throat. "Huh?" "Drop it," he begged, frantically shaking his head. "Please." She gaped at the Slytherin, but did as he asked. She shook her head in hopes of clearing her mind, but her thoughts were an flurry of bewilderment and wonder. Wow, I wasn't expecting that. How could I have missed that? We'll definitely need to address this again… With a cackle, Bellatrix started attacking her sister with an onslaught of dark, powerful spells. She weaved about gracefully, her corset clinging deliciously to her lithe body. …but later. Bellatrix bounded closer, her spells slamming into Narcissa's shield and bouncing off aimlessly. She wasn't trying to hit the youngest Black sister, but merely weaken her defense until it shattered into nothing. She was known to be defensive while Bellatrix was incredibly offensive but Narcissa was too predictable – too choreographed. The moment the shield gave, Bellatrix flung every nonlethal spell in her arsenal at her sister. Jerking out of the way, Narcissa was forced to retaliate before she was hit. Her strength in a fight wasn't as mighty as Bellatrix's, but she was calculating and, often, underestimated. She often fell into a rhythm that Bellatrix found telegraphed, but most paid such little attention to her that it wasn't problematic. Everyone feared the eldest Black, not the youngest. "Stupefy!" The jet of red flew past her head and she ducked. "Confringo!" Bellatrix shrieked in surprise as the hemline of her skirt went up in flames. She hurriedly doused away the fire with a flourish of her wand, pouting at the smoke that rose from the ruined fabric. "Cissy! You burned my skirt!" Narcissa snickered. "That's for all the times you've destroyed my garden. And the manor. And…" "Enough," Bellatrix whined childishly, brushing away the singed strings clinging lifelessly to the bottom of her skirt and fighting back the urge to stomp her foot. "I thought we weren't supposed to get distracted during battle, Bella?" Hermione called out teasingly, crossing her arms. Bellatrix's pout deepened and she did the most mature thing she could think of in that moment. She stuck her tongue out. "You'd think she was the teenager here," Draco snorted, his keen gaze observing the entirety of the scene. While Bellatrix was busy pouting at her lover, he'd noticed his mother eyeing the other witch critically with a mischievous smirk. Narcissa muttered something almost inaudibly, twirling her wand in a way Draco had never seen, and the spectators stared on in amazement as a long black tail sprouted from beneath Bellatrix's scorched garment. The dark witch's eyes widened incredulously and she cautiously peered down, blanching at the furry appendage. "Hermione's right, Bellatrix," Narcissa taunted, "You really should stay focused." Bellatrix glared indignantly, her tail flicking about with each clench of her muscles. At least it isn't a pig's tail. -X- Gentle fingers traced along the smooth expansion of skin presented, nails dragging lightly across prominent bones and an abundant of bites. They mapped out the flesh they'd memorized months ago, committing each dip and new scratch to heart. Finding fresh scars was inevitable when your lover was a Death Eater, but that didn't stop Hermione from fussing. "What's this one from?" Hermione wondered aloud, brushing a white, thin line marring Bellatrix's quivering throat. Bellatrix hummed, a little breathless beneath innocuous ministrations and curious hands. It wasn't sexual, but it was so intimate that it stole the very air from her lungs. "When I was a seventh year, I couldn't stand Lucius. I thought he was a pompous arse and I would do whatever I could to keep him from Cissy. I knew Father wanted to marry her into the Malfoy family and I thought, if I tormented him enough, he'd beg our fathers to call off their engagement before it ever happened. Clearly, I was wrong – on both counts – but younger me wouldn't acknowledge that maybe he wasn't so terrible, so during Defense Against the Dark Arts, I shot a nasty spell at him and it knocked him out cold. "I was so proud of myself," Bellatrix laughed, "But Cissy… Merlin, she was so pissed at me. In the Slytherin common room, in front of everyone, my third year sister pelted me with whatever textbooks she could get her hands on. Like, she threw them at me - with her hands. I was so surprised that I barely felt the corner of one catch my throat and it managed to break skin. I had no idea it was bleeding until Cissy calmed down and helped me clean it." Hermione giggled. She could picture it perfectly: furious teenager Narcissa flinging textbooks indignantly at Bellatrix, the latter gaping with astonishment. She could only imagine the dressing down Bellatrix received during the confrontation. It must have been comical, both her lover's expression and Narcissa's ire. "Can I see that memory sometime?" the younger witch smirked. "I have to see that or I might actually die." Rolling her eyes, Bellatrix poked Hermione's side. "You're so dramatic." "Me? Dramatic? Never." Hermione gave an exaggerated bat of her eyes and stuck her bottom lip out. "Why would you say something like that? I'm hurt." Bellatrix laughed huskily and cupped Hermione's cheek, tilting her head slightly and nipping at the proffered lip. She was quick to sooth the sting away and moaned headily into her lover's open mouth. If her lover wanted the memory, she would give it to her. She would give Hermione anything her heart desired; would bring the world to its knees if she asked. But later… Much later.