The Death Eather started to say as he played with his wand. "I have to kill you, of course. But I think I'll keep the girl." They were cornered now, the alley Harry had taken was a long one and they would be hit before then even tried running through the other side. Harry felt sick with how the man was talking about her. Hermione head was softly shaking against his back as she struggled to keep herself together. Harry didn't say anything, he was trying to process all the possibilities he could in his head. They could run but they would be caught. He could still do it and try and take the hits while Hermione tried to escape, but then he knew she would never agree to that. That left him with only one choice, and it wasn't like the physical means he'd taken earlier. Magic. He didn't have a choice, but he also didn't know any spells. He'd practiced a bit at night and apart from creating light he could move objects around, he'd never tried anything the size of a person though. Get it together Harry. Protect her, stuff keeping it a secret any longer. Those were the thoughts now running through his head. The Death Eater, who seemed to have had enough and grown impatient at the lack of responses raised his wand at Harry. "Sorry Hermione." Harry said softly, which made her look up at the back of his head. Harry thrust his hand out in front of him and pushed as hard as he could with that feeling of magic he always felt when he practised. A faint golden barrier appeared before him, he pushed again as the green spell splashed harmlessly against it and the make shift shield flew forwards towards the man. It hit the Death Eater with such force that he flew a hundred feet and landed with a horrible sounding crunch. Not wanting to stick around, and feeling like he'd just ran a marathon he turned around and pulled Hermione to follow him. He jolted back however as he saw Hermione was refusing to move. "Hermione? Come on, we've got to go." He said impatiently. She was staring at the crumbled figure, tears no longer falling but her eyes were glistening in the light. "I… I can explain later, but we need to get home. Now Hermione! " He spoke the last words forcefully, not to be mean but to try and jolt her into action. It looked like it did the trick however when she turned and allowed him to pull her along. As they were running down the streets again Harry looked over his shoulder a few times and tried to see her face but she kept her head low and looking at the ground. All the guilt he'd been forcing down rose in himself quickly and in full force. Idiot, he thought. Eventually and what seemed like hours for Harry, they reached Camberwell Road and then their cottage just outside of the main town. He pulled open the door and scanned inside before gently pushing Hermione in. She didn't move, just stood in the middle of the room looking at the floor. Harry removed her rucksack and placed it next to his in her usual spot before taking her jacket off and placing it down on top. Not really knowing what to do now he awkwardly stood behind her. Plucking up his courage he reached for her hand but she shrugged him off. "Hermione…" "I… I don't understand." Hermione said, interrupting him. She was still looking down at the ground and her hands were clenched into tight fists. "I'm Sorr-" Harry began to say but was cut off again. Hermione turned around and looked at him, her eyes watery and a single tear now fell down her face. "How long?" Was all she asked. "A few years… But, I wanted to tell you; I really did!" He said quickly, hoping he could salvage it. "Why didn't you tell me?" She asked. He was both amazed at how even her voice was but knew she was very angry. "I thought we didn't keep secrets? I thought we trusted each other!" She finally yelled, shattering Harry's hope that she was going to be calm. "I do trust you! But… With everything that's happened, with your parents… Look what magic did, you hate magic!" "I hate the people that use it like Voldemort! What else haven't you told me?!" Hermione reached out and hit him in the chest, it wasn't very hard but Harry suspected she couldn't quiet control her arms at the moment. "Just that. I swear… I only hid it from you because I was scared. Scared you'd leave me, when you found out what I am." Harry said quietly, and for the first time not able to meet her eyes. He cast his gaze down to his shoes as he spoke. "I really am sorry. I did plan on telling you soon… I didn't know how to bring it up. I didn't want to ruin what we have." He said. "And what do we have, Harry?" Hermione said. He could feel there was another meaning to that question but his brain wasn't working properly. Now he came to think about it he felt extremely drained and the strength in his legs was slowly failing. He locked up, determined to convey to her that he meant what he was saying. "We… I L-" Harry didn't get to finish his sentence however as the nauseating feeling that was clouding his mind finally hit him and he collapsed on the wooden floor. A/N: Hello, this is the first story I've written. I might have missed some mistakes but I'm putting this up in draft form anyway. If you liked the first chapter and think it will be an interesting story please let me know and I'll continue it. I'm 50/50 at the moment on if it being received well.