as well. As it turned out, he could. He could even control the level of stealth, from ramming in and leaving the victim a drooling mess, to easing in like a soft breeze and rummaging around without the person even knowing he was there. Of course to do that option he had to bring Voldemort close enough to get in, but with invisibility cloaks and disillusion spells it wasn't too hard. It helped that most of magical Britain's population had pitiful defences around their buildings. Honestly they were in a war! They could do better than a notice me not spell and a few weak wards! Hell it was Voldemort himself slipping through, even if he was only in to steal a few memories to aid Harry's cause! He took great delight in forcing the man to send a bloodied Wormtail to the ministry, all wrapped up and with a nice little note pinned to the skin above his dark mark, proclaiming to all that he was the one who betrayed the Potters and not Sirius Black. It was of little comfort to Harry. Not least because what was left of the ministry was full of idiots who couldn't find their arses with both hands, but he thought it was a nice gesture all the same. Soon he could force his wishes with very little effort, really it was like making a hand gesture and having the man obey like a pup performing a trick for his master. There was even a treat at the end. Harry twisted the man's mind into believing that killing his own people was better than killing innocents, and the pitiful remains of Voldemort's sane side grabbed at the chance to prevent any more pain to his mind and body. Another realisation was that the man knew how to kill Dementors, and that was why they followed him, in fear of what he would do otherwise. Well that and they would have plenty of souls, so really it wasn't a hard decision. Harry immediately brought Voldemort to Azkaban, and grinned as he forced the man to destroy not only the vile creatures, but also the prisoners. He thought about getting the man to take him out, then decided he was probably better inside than out. If only to stop people hounding him either to help or to call him the next dark lord. Well he was helping, but they didn't need to know that. As for the whole next dark lord thing, that only happened once…err twice. So, instead of escaping, he had Voldemort rape the guard's minds and make them give orders to the Elves to make the food better, and to widen his cell. And a toilet and bed, those were essential. Oh and heat, heat was good as well. The other side was baffled, but grateful that the attacks were no longer aimed at them. A pity they were praising the wrong people for the downfall of the dark. ***End Flashback*** There were very few followers left, a scant handful at most. And Draco and his mother. Considering how many he had indirectly killed over the years, you'd think killing Draco would be a breeze. But the thought of it left Harry cold. Even though Malfoy had had him thrown in Azkaban, even though his mother had pushed for a harsh sentence, Harry just couldn't bring himself to kill Draco. Eventually he decided to let the blonde live. After all, Draco had been punished enough by his father's death. And of course his own near death experience. And Narcissus Malfoy hadn't done a thing to Harry, not even indirectly. It left the pair baffled but relieved, and able to flee the country with what was left of their fortune. Harry didn't really care if they returned, though it would have eased his conscience to apologise to Draco, even if the blonde spat in his face. Harry was content to let them go, but now after years of manipulation and death, he was honest to god bored. Kill And there went the very last follower. Harry groaned a bit, now where would he get his fun from. Figuring he might as well see how magical Britain was fairing he had the husk of a man disguise himself and head out to Diagon Alley. Then the Ministry. Then Hogwarts. 'You gotta be kidding me'. It wasn't like he was expecting credit (being in Azkaban meant no-one even knew of his good deeds), but he was hoping magical Britain would wake up and try to clean itself up. After all he had done all the hard work for them, even after the shitty way he'd been treated, so they could at least show some common curtsey and do their part. But no, it seems without the missing purebloods to lead them around by the nose, and Dumbledore to assert himself with his twinkly eyes, the population had no idea how to act. It was like watching zombies wandering around vacantly. Idiots. Well he wasn't hoping for much, and since the Dementors were gone (and his wailing neighbours) he could now relax and enjoy his stay. The food was better, and he had a bed, it was even half decent. With one last sigh, Harry finally snuffed the lights out on the man once known as Lord Voldemort, leaving his body for all to see. That night he dreamed he was with his parents. And Sirius. And Remus was there as well. And several generations of Potters. And there was Mrs Weasley (Molly deary, call me Molly) and Charlie and all the faces of those who had fallen. And all of them welcoming him into their arms. It was a most wonderful feeling, like being whole once more. And look, they were beckoning him. And oh it was so bright and happy and everyone was smiling and laughing and drawing him ever closer. How could he possibly resist. 'For neither can live while the other survives'.