wailed. "Please sir more! Please," Severus was on his feet, jerking Harry up with him as he continued inanely blathering away. "Please Severus, oh god god god!" Severus had whirled him around and silenced him with a brutal kiss, fingernails dug into his arms as he yanked him against his lips. Harry couldn't even kiss back from his groaning and then another smack hit his arse. His knees wobbled, but Severus kept him standing with his iron grasp. "Yes…" he moaned as their lips broke apart and he was propelled across the room to Severus's desk, " yes, yes… " His knees hit the edge of the furniture. "Fuck me Severus," Harry rasped as his lover flung an arm across the surface and the sound of broken glass sprinkled the air. "Fuck me…" Harry stumbled forward, chest striking the desk as one of Severus' hands lurched forward to clasp the edge of it. His skin, Severus' body, the unyielding wood beneath his hips…he closed his eyes and shuddered as a frantic, forceful hand fisted in the soft material covering his rear and yanked. A sharp tug tilted his arse and a quick rip tore the air as Severus' mouth latched onto his neck and his large hand convulsed over his bottom. "Oh, oh oh oh oh!" Harry cried, eyes squeezing shut as he heard the shuffling and heavy breathing as Severus hurriedly freed his erection and got his hungry hands back on Harry. Hot, demanding touches and a broken groan. " Harry !" Hissed the urgent voice. "Harry! " He heard the scrabbling, then a faint 'pop' of a cork, and then something cold was being hastily rubbed over his anus. He whimpered as his lover's thumb pushed, circled, and pushed again, before dipping into his entrance entirely and spreading the cream into his opening. The thumb was gone in a moment, followed by two fingers. He winced against the sting as the two began spreading open and shut, roughly stretching his arse as Severus' other hand spread more lube on his shaft. The fingers yanked out, and before Harry could even register their absence a larger, hotter form had replaced them. Severus braced his feet on either side of Harry's, then, his left hand on Harry's hip, he bent over him. His right arm went forward to brace on the other side of the desk and lay himself flush on Harry's back. With a powerful thrust he entered, too aroused and too frantic to do anything else but groan into Harry's sweaty hair. Harry screamed out at the abrupt jab, hands tightening to fists. Severus's hips gave another convulsive jerk and he cried out again in Harry hair. "Se…Severus!" Harry gasped. "Oh!" "Nnn…ngh!" Severus's hand left his lover's body and went instead to clasp the desk, rocking his weight forward. Sliding one foot to the inside of Harry's leg he pushed it out, spreading his legs wider. "Oh, oh, oh Severus wa…wait, oh! Please, please wai-OH!" Harry's words were lost in a guttural shout as his lover, bracing his weight, pushed forward and began a relentless, brutal rhythm. "Ah, ah, ah !" Severus' sharp cries were resounding through Harry, thrilling him as he gasped and shook with each powerful thrust. His swollen cock swung below him in agony, precum pooling and then spilling off the head. Harry reached to wrap a hand around his tortured member, frantically beginning to stroke as his lover pounded him into the desk. "Oh..." he whimpered as his eyes drifted shut and gave in to the burning relief waiting for him. "Oh…" he couldn't stop his hips bucking into his grasp, he couldn't stop the swirling, hot waves that shook him, he could barely even see straight. "Oooooooooooooooooooooooh…" His muscles spasm, and then, with a surge of ecstasy it was over and his voice trailed away along with all his strength. Harry whimpered again and collapsed against the desk. Above him Severus was wheezing, slowing to longer, deeper thrusts and taking in shaking breathes. His hands left the rim of the desk to clutch Harry's shoulders instead, and he leaned back to be standing flat footed again. Holding his limp, post-coital lover he finished with a great shudder and a strangled gasp. Harry sighed softly at the heat spreading inside him, and then Severus was pulling out with some garbled mumbles and a few swears. In the following forty seconds they laid shaking in the aftermath, then Harry heaved a great sigh and let his head fall down. Severus, shaking at the legs and feeling the growing soreness from his exertion, sunk to his knees. His long arms folded over the edge of his desk as his head rocked forward to rest against them. They stayed a few moments in silence until Harry peeled open his dry lips to speak. "Take it back," he said softly. "What?" Severus muttered, pulling his head up from his forearms. Harry shifted too, turning so he could look to his left and meet his lover's hazed stare. "Tell me it's sexy." Severus stared a long moment at Harry, trying to process his request then slowly, understanding dawning on him in the form of the softest, softest of smirks, he leaned forward. He brushed Harry's sweaty locks from his face and kissed his lips. "It's sexy," he whispered. "I didn't think much of it really," Hermione said, leaning across the table to the pretty redhead also eating her breakfast. "I mean at first I just assumed it was in my head, who doesn't when they lose something…but I swear," She paused, then lowered her voice, "my knickers just vanished." "Did you ask around your dorm? Maybe the laundry got mismatched?" "No," Hermione said earnestly. "I looked everywhere! Gone, completely gone! I even tried summoning them. I swear to you Ginny, it is the weirdest thing!" If, from the other side of the table, her good friend ducked his head and became very interested in his supper, she didn't notice.