leaving Minister. Time for cordiality ended. It is time for me to ready for battle. "Order! Order!" shouts the highly vexed Chief Warlock and stomps with his gavel. " I want to remind Rgt. Hon. Lords and Ladies not to stray from the debate and debase themselves to petty squabbling that has nothing to do with debate as well as unnecessary insults. That goes especially to you lady Robbards! Order!" I must admit that I never understood Dumbledore's insistence on me having my childhood intact. These people are clearly enjoying themselves. On the other hand, it is not that hard to stand out- one simply has to behave like an adult. "All members of the House will return to their seats or I'll call Aurors to maintain order!" Well, it seemed that Chief Warlock was really losing his temper. However, the overgrown kids had returned to their seats and there were no further disruptions. "We shall now put our three candidates under Wizegamot's vote. Those in favour of John Dawlish?" There is silence. I must wonder how many votes would these Auror lackeys get should Amelia Bones still be amongst the living. No one is interested in that old lion. Just few sorely lone hands had gone up. This is not the right way. I can hear the Chief Warlock proclaiming that 'majority' has not been reached and we will vote for another candidate. "Those in favour of Draco Malfoy," the sheer impossibility of this choice nearly makes me chuckle. Who would vote for the twit? Well, it turns out that according to the old pureblood rule of sticking together, there is quite a few. "Draco Malfoy receives forty-four votes, no majority." That was quite close. Out of one hundred and one that is what I call a bit of luck. It seems that Kingsley wasn't so successful in his purges. "All those in favour of Arthur Weasley as the future Minister for Magic." Middle ground, pureblood and recently alleviated upstart without any desire but to rule in favour of people. It makes my nose bleed. Visiting Florence has its advantages but the discovery of the Society is the most significant one of them. You didn't think I spent my years in exile moping and beating myself? Oh, you did. Well, they have no idea what they are going to deal with. Many voters of my constituency didn't believe that it was I, even when I showed them the scar. The loss of my family´s ancient seat and the manner of my departure all those years ago left them a bit suspicious about my own mental health. I must admit that my natural charm as well as my rousing speech left them excited. The result was a premature end of political career for the young Lord Longbottom as well as quite a hefty bill for various alcoholic beverages I purchased. I can quite imagine your surprise when I say that it was Arthur Weasley who invited me back. Well, who else can work so skillfully with state's money if not a careful thief? They certainly make the best financiers. "Arthur Weasley receives forty-seven votes, no majority." "Gentlemen and Ladies, as the first vote failed to produce a clear winner we shall vote again. I stress the importance of the vote. We cannot continue until the next Minister is voted in. Thank you." It seems that Chief Warlock wants to be somewhere else. Maybe at Madame Precious- the most famous brothel in Diagon Alley, says my informant. You did not think that I would come to this den of snakes without one? Oh, I know them all and as being a Potter is nowadays equal to dimwit. I will make them eat their words and deeds. All in due time, Arthur said that he had a job for me. We will see. I suppose it comes as no big surprise that Arthur wins the next vote. My knees are trembling when I think about the long reign of terror that scamp Draco Malfoy would bring. Yes, it is not good to underestimate any of your opponents, but just thinking about the blond ponce is giving him enough credit. It takes seventy-three long hours for Weasley to emerge the victor, for now. It is a bare majority. Parkinson was clearly paid off. I need my nap, but first I stand up to congratulate the new Interim Minister, holding my hand behind my back. How many knives are in human smile? It is time to face the same old music. They are waiting for me in the Ministry lobby and I am not very keen to talk, but still- it is a part of my job. The sacrifices I make… They want an interview with the old Harry Potter. Sorry to break it so late, the fellow is gone. "Do you have anything to say, Lord Potter? Are you here to stir the pot of our stale politics? How do you feel, returning to the country that had ridiculed you and to people that robbed you? Are you angry? Vindictive? Forgiving?" I smile on my favourite blonde reporter; gosh that woman looks akin to a character from American noir stories. I smile. "Are you hoping to get a place in the new government? Any promises from the new Minister? Do you believe you are the most qualified to get one after your abandonment of your people?" Eternally digging for the right kind of information; that is what journalists usually do. Leaving out the little fact that most of the vitriol was from her. My reply must be just as nonsensical as the times we live in. "Come, come Rita. You may very well think that; I couldn't possibly comment." They laugh. Good, I like merry people, they tend not to use their brains at the moment of giggling and ask fewer questions. What's next? Oh, I thought you knew. Well, it is about the time to put a bit of a stick about.