she would have thought he would be. Together with Dumbledore the pair were currently in his office. Obviously not being able to see or listen in she started to think of different theories as to why he was at Hogwarts and meeting with the headmaster. Does he live there? Everyone know's he doesn't have a family… Maybe some of what's in the prophet is right and he is the 'chosen one' like they seem to want to call him… Still not knowing exactly why she was essentially stalking him she continued to watch as Harry moved around in Dumbledore's office. "Portkey!" Daphne yelled, startling her mother as she walked past her open door. That's how… He used a portkey, instantaneous travel from one location to another. She knew it was possible inside Hogwarts. She thought, giving herself a pat on the back. After another twenty minutes however she got bored with watching the pair, still in the same spot. Her stomach having been rumbling a few times throughout her investigation of the map she decided to get up and get some food. "Nimsy, are you around?" She called out into the house, closing her bedroom door behind her. "No." Harry said sternly, sitting back down heavily on the plush chair in front of Dumbledore's desk. Dumbledore looked burdened as he gazed at Harry's stern expression. Gone was the innocent boy he had first met. Harry had always been strong, defiant and extremely loyal but he had grown up, he had to grow up. "Harry I don't think it's very helpful, especially in your current position to keep isolating your peers-" He began. " I didn't originally do the isolating. They did, and while it kind of hurt in the beginning it's probably for the better anyway. People in-involved with me generally don't fare very well…" Harry said, interrupting the old wizard. With a sigh Dumbledore placed his hands on his desk, leaning forwards slightly. "While I understand and regret some of the choices and decisions with regards to you Harry, I honestly think you should interact more. You don't leave the castle, haven't done apart from your trips to Diagon Alley. Do not think that just because you have a destiny that you have to forget to live. At least, think on it?" Dumbledore asked solumely. Harry nodded, eventually and with another deep sigh Dumbledore leaned back in his seat. "I see you've been making use of being allowed to apparate in the castle and grounds." He said, trying to change the topic. Every since Dumbledore had explained to Harry about the prophecy, and even the Horcruxes Harry had had a few demands. Compensation, as he called it. Having knowingly lied and kept secrets from him Dumbledore had agreed to them, to try and make amends. Harry shrugged. "It's good I guess, not as cool as I thought it would be though." The old wizard chuckled. "My boy, you'll come to find a lot of things in the world aren't as cool as they seem. I rarely apparate around the castle these days, finding it more enjoyable to walk." "So when is my training going to start? And I mean properly, this time. From you." Harry asked, clearing expressing what was on his mind at the moment. Dumbledore didn't answer straight away, but he thought about the question. He had explained to Harry about the remaining piece of Voldemort's soul, the one that currently resided in Harry. He hadn't taken the news very well, and considering the timing with the death of his godfather he couldn't blame him. However it was this reaction that puzzled him the most. "I thought you understood the consequences of that Harry?" He asked sadly, not keen to have this conversation again. Harry leant forward in his seat, resting his arms on his knees. "I know… But if we're to destroy the remaining Horcruxes together I need to at least be able to keep up. You yourself said you weren't as quick as you once were. What if something happened that even you couldn't handle alone?" "Harry, the things I would have to teach you to even come close to me, having many many years of experience in all sorts of areas, would mean creating a chance that Voldemort could win." "Because I have to die, right?" Harry replied bluntly, causing Dumbledore to visibly flinch. "Harry-" Dumbledore tried to argue the point calmly but Harry was already getting annoyed. He stood up, a frown on his face. "I know! I've told you, when we've done it; gotten rid of the Horcruxes. I'll do it, I'll let him kill me. But how am I supposed to help, to protect myself until that time?" He yelled, a few pages in some of the books on the bookshelf behind Dumbledore ripped audibly. "I'll be there-" "How do you know?! Where were you when I had to face a giant snake in my second year, or a hundred dementors in my third? You weren't! So cut the crap and teach me." His anger was dying down as he thought back to those horrible years. "You said we would work together, as equals this time." He continued on in a much quieter voice. Dumbledore didn't say anything, instead looking down at his old wrinkled hands as he contemplated his choices. He couldn't muster the courage to look the boy in the eyes, he didn't exactly deserve it. Everything Harry had said was true. He had failed him, in so many ways. When Harry didn't receive a reply he looked defeated and placed his hands in the middle pocket of his black hoody. "I'll see you later Professor." He said before turning on the spot and vanishing with a loud crack and taking the corner of the chair behind him with him; leaving Dumbledore to stare down at the fallen chair, missing a leg and some of the corner on the floor. He didn't have much of a choice it seemed.