He was smiling at her as if she radiated light herself. His strong calloused hands lifted her to her feet. Lily looked around. They were in a clearing, filled with the glowing balls of light, flickering like lanterns. There was no monster in sight. "That thing that was after me-" Lily gasped in panic. James took a hand to cup her cheek. "I took care of it. You never have to worry again. I'll always be there to protect you." "You will?" Lily asked softly, like a little kid needing assurance. "Of course, love." He said gently. She lifted a shaking hand to his face. James was smiling expectantly as she threaded her fingers delicately through his hair. She ran her hands down the back of his neck, his silky black locks tickling her fingers. Suddenly she realized James was shirtless. "This isn't a problem, is it?" He asked her, as if he was reading her mind. "No, it's not." She murmured. Her hands glided down his back. He pulled her closer, and she felt her pulse quicken, though in a much different way than before. "You're mine." He whispered to her. She looked into his eyes, full of longing and happiness. She desperately wanted to fall into them completely. "Yes." She whispered back. "I'm yours." Their lips were almost touching. Lily felt a hunger inside her, a strong desire. She wanted to kiss James Potter. "Lily." He said. And then louder. "Lily?" "Lils?" Lily's eyes flew open. The world was blurry for a second, but they came into focus, landing on James's soft hazel ones as he stood over her. They were not in the forest behind her house, but in the Gryffindor Common room. She jumped in surprise and he chuckled. "Sorry for waking you." He said softly, grinning. "I regret not taking a picture first though. Your drooling would've been some decent blackmail material." Lily struggled to steady her breathing. That dream.. Her and James... She didn't want to think about it. Especially when Potter, the real Potter, was standing over here. "How long have I been asleep?" She asked him gruffly. "A couple hours I'd say." He commented, "I was going to wake you for your rounds, but you looked so peaceful. So I just did them, got back five minutes ago." "Oh no!" Lily smacked her hand against her head. "I missed rounds." She looked at James, who was smirking crookedly. "You didn't have to do that for me, you know." She said, somewhat accusatorially. "I know." He shrugged. "But I did it anyway. And you're welcome." "Right. Thanks James." Lily said, now softened. He grinned. "Don't worry about it. The only trouble I ran into was two Slytherins who almost had their tongues stuck together." Lily laughed softly with him. She looked around, yawning hugely. The fire in the common room was down to glowing embers. The only person left in the room was a fifth year, Ann Bell, asleep on a pile of books. Lily noticed her own stack of papers, scattered in front of her. "Drat! I still have so much to do." She grumped. Her stupid nap left her with a mountain of Head's paperwork to complete. "Let me." James said forcefully. His hand brushed hers as they picked up papers, sending shivers down her arm. Lily blinked, confused. "Why do you want to help me so much?" She asked bluntly. James looked at her, a seriousness that she'd never really seen before on his face. Usually his eyes were full of mischief or cockiness, but now they were hard. "I want to help because we're friends now. And that's what friends do. Help each-other." He said firmly. His sincerity shook Lily to her core. She'd never seen James so serious about something before. "Okay." Was all she could think to reply. James gave her a small smile, then turned to busy himself with the papers. Lily got up stiffly, stretching her muscles that had become sore from her awkward sleeping position. She gathered her books, and turned to look at James one last time before she went up the stairs to the Girls' tower. "James?" She called softly. He looked up, eyes meeting hers. His face seemed to be glowing softly in the fire light. "I'm glad we became friends." She said. James gave her a crooked grin. "Me too Evans. Me too." She bade him goodnight and trudged up the stairs. Her mind was filled with the stresses of homework she put off tonight. She crept into her room, across the hall from the dorm she'd been in her entire life. As Head Girl, she got her own room. She loved the huge comfy bed, but it also got lonely. She'd never had her own room before this, either sharing with Petunia at home or with her friends here at school. She knew James had his own room somewhere too, but didn't know where. She wondered briefly if his bed was as soft as hers. From there her mind wandered back to James. His face was so soft and vulnerable before. Usually she'd see it guarded in a mask of arrogance. Although there was no denying, he'd changed this year. Her eyes drifted shut, thoughts of James swirling in her head. She tried not to think of her dream earlier, blaming it on lack of sleep. Instead she thought of how he'd helped her not once, not twice, but three times today. And he didn't ask for anything in return. It was thoughtful and kind, and so unlike the James Potter she thought she knew. She thought back to earlier today, when he pulled her through that tapestry. She'd almost screamed, then he was there. The thought made her smile, and not just smile, but smile hard. Like so hard she thought her cheeks would go numb. Then it hit her. The realization hit her so forcefully she actually shot up in bed, eyes wide. "Oh, no." She whispered.