what I was going to do before I made a choice." "And what's your choice?" Harry smiles at Kingsley. "I'm going to become a Grief-Healer. Like a Mind-Healer, but they deal mostly with grief," he adds, when he sees Kingsley open his mouth. "It's a specialty. A few people train that way in St. Mungo's every year, but not a whole lot of people realize it's separate training. Of course they can be regular Mind-Healers too if they don't have enough grieving clients." "I—would have thought the last thing you would want to spend time dealing with was others' grief." Harry shakes his head. "I want to deal with helping them get better. I'm already sort of doing that for George and Molly. And I've listened to other people, too." Perhaps better not to tell the man who assigned him to spy on Lucius what he and Lucius talk about. "I saw the way George's face shone the last time I made him laugh. That's when I realized." "I see." Kingsley sighs. "Well, I think you'll probably be good at it, but I am sorry to lose you as a future Auror." "Don't worry," Harry hastens to say. "I'll finish out the year of visiting Lucius Malfoy to make sure he stays under house arrest." Kingsley looks at him for a second, maybe because he answered too fast, or maybe at the way his voice lingered over Lucius's first name. In the end, he nods shortly and says, "As you will." Then he disappears from the flames, back to whatever he was doing before he interrupted it to talk to Harry. Harry smiles, and goes back to stretching. He stands for five minutes like that, just letting his muscles work. Yes, it's going to be a fine day. "You seem—overly-pleased about this new decision." Harry laughs and drapes himself over the chair that's always his when he comes to the Manor. The sun is out today, and Harry looks up at it and thinks about flying in it, for the first time in almost eight months. "It's only the way I am most of the time. You haven't seen me like that. Most of the time I've been visiting you, I was getting back to normal, and deciding on what I really wanted to do." "I see." Lucius's voice wobbled there. Harry tilts his head to study him. Lucius is looking out the window into the gardens, his nose as sharp as a Cutting Curse. Harry shakes his head. "Don't be silly, Lucius. I didn't mean that I was happy to visit you when I was exhausted and I'll stop now that I'm getting back to normal. You're part of my life whether it's normal or not." Lucius's shoulders hunch, but he only says, "You'll be able to stop visiting me soon." "You aren't looking forward to that?" Lucius's head tilts towards him, and the expression on his face has gone to delicately incredulous. "But it's the end of your house arrest," Harry says, and stands up. He thought they both understood each other. It's time to show Lucius that his thoughts are ridiculous. He strolls up to his chair. Lucius has gone back to looking at the gardens and the white peacocks strutting around. There seem to be more of them than last year. Harry wouldn't have dared do this only a month ago. But then, he hadn't made his decision. He was still caught in that pattern where he was exhausted and thought made him want to stop thinking. Now, he lays his hands on Lucius's shoulder and turns his head back. Lucius is already gripping the arms of his chair as if he'll rise. That's fine with Harry, because Lucius rises right into his kiss. Lucius stiffens all over. Harry smiles at the thought of what "all over" might entail, and he slides his hand down Lucius's chest for a second before Lucius snatches it and flings effort into the kiss. Then Harry has all he can do to keep himself from falling over and landing on Lucius's lap, and they sway back and forth, uncertain in balance. But not in the pressure of their mouths against each other's. When they part, Lucius traces Harry's jaw with a hand that holds no tremors. But his tone does. "You are sure this is what you want? I am much older, marked with the Dark Lord's wrath—" Harry snorts and taps the scar he doesn't think much about anymore. "I hate to break it to you, Lucius, but you aren't exactly bloody unique. " "There remains the age issue. And the displeasure of your friends." "I love the way you retreat into formality when you're worried. It's adorable." Lucius glares at Harry. Harry raises his eyebrows and says, "It's like I told you the first time I saw you after the trial. I can't forgive you for what you did to Ginny. Only she can do that. And only I can tell you why I want to be with you. My friends' objections will have to take care of themselves." Lucius's hands flex and tighten on him. "I want only—" He hesitates, but Harry can't blame him when he hears the reasoning. To Lucius, a plunge into honesty of this magnitude must be like a leap into a cold lake. "I want only to be reassured that you will not pull back when your friends object to this." "No," Harry says. "There might be other reasons, if you find them. But I won't." He smiles and caresses Lucius's hair. It's not completely white after all, he realizes. Just a very pale gold, far paler than Draco's. "I want the silence and the warmth you can give me, and the life we're going to find together." Lucius stares at him in some of that silence. Then he leans forwards, and his kiss gives Harry something he hasn't had for years, despite thinking he was living in it. Peace. The End.