"Understood, my Lord." June 30, 1994 Harry awoke once again within his bed, his two house-elves had awoken from their slumber. They were nowhere to be seen, Harry got up from his bed and curiously looked around his room hoping to find where Dobby and Kreacher are. Belatedly he realised that he didn't need his glasses to see, whatever the elves did to him, they obviously cured his poor-vision. Which Harry was thankful for, because if he had to defend himself, the glasses would only hinder him. He soon found Kreacher and Dobby in the kitchen preparing breakfast, or so he assumed - there were no clocks in the house, and he hadn't looked out the window yet. "Morning Dobby, Morning Kreacher." Harry greeted. "Good morning Master Harry!"Dobby greeted. "Morning Master." Kreacher said, he seemed off somehow. "So, did you get rid of the parasite?" Harry asked. "Yes master the parasite has been banished from your mind and your magic." Dobby answered, while frying eggs. "That's good I guess, so do either of you know what the parasite was? Or where it came from for that matter" Harry asked. "Dobby knows not from where it came, all Dobby can tell for certain is that it was very dark." Dobby answered with a shudder. "Master, please forgive Kreacher for not telling you sooner." Kreacher answered uneasily. "But Kreacher has come across that magic once before, I do not know what it is, but I do know that it is terrible, and needs to be destroyed." "That's okay Kreacher." Harry said in the most soothing voice he could muster. "at the end of the day you helped, and so I trust you. So, where else did you come across this type of magic?" Kreacher hesitated for a moment before answering. "Kreacher was tasked by master Regulus to destroy the locket, the locket had this foul magic within, Kreacher hasn't been able to destroy the locket yet and he has been trying since Kreacher. . . lost master." "Could I see it?" Harry asked, carefully. "Kreacher would not suggest it, the magic is foul. . .and it could hurt master." Kreacher said, with an almost pleading look. Harry pondered on Kreacher's advice for a moment before he replied. "Okay Kreacher I trust your judgement, but I want you to promise me that you will allow me to study the locket, and tell me the full story when I am strong enough." "Okay master, Kreacher promises." Kreacher replied, his tone completely serious. Harry sat down at the long wood table and waited for his breakfast, which was brought to him a few moments later. He finished eating his food at apace that would impress both Crabbe and Goyle, not to mention Ron. Next two vials of potions appeared on the table. "What's this?" Harry said, while he eyed the potion vials warily. "Master Harry the potion I bought you is to remedy severe cases of magical exhaustion, so Dobby is thinking it might help recover all the magic that you sacrificed." Dobby answered. "And Kreacher took the liberty of getting you a nutrition potion, because master is severely under-nourished, Kreacher also hoped that it would help master recover his magic." Kreacher replied. Harry gave the two a watery smile, he had never had anyone show this much care for his well-being. "Thank you two." Harry downed the two vials, and had to fight to hold back a grimace of disgust that threatened to appear on his face. "I hate potions!" Harry scowled, but then he remembered something. "Dobby, Kreacher yesterday when I used Occlumency to clear mind, I felt as if it was much easier to do than before, not only that but it seemed like my mind, body and magic were all separated, yet at the same time connected. Was that me or you?" "It was our elvish magic master, no wizard or witch can do what our magic did, because they would not be part of this reality any longer, and it would take hundred of years to get to that state, master." Kreacher informed him. Drats, and there Harry was thinking that he was some mind arts prodigy. Oh well, back to the drawing board. "Okay, today and every other day until the house is clean I will clean the house until I'm tired, then have lunch and read the rest of the day, until I recover my strength, and then practise all my spells beginning at year one." Harry said this to his two elves. "I want you two, to make sure my food is ready, after I finish using my magic to clean the house." Harry spent the next few weeks cleaning the house using various cleaning charms that he knew, and others that he learnt, in many cases they were over-powered. He also spent time disposing the house of Doxies. The Doxies put up a fight but Harry managed to destroy them all in many creative ways, without the assistance of his elves. Harry also spent that time practising his Occlumency and meditation exercises. He slowly improved in those areas, but as an un-written rule, anything worth doing is not done quickly, but through either enormous raw talent or hours of practise, and that's what it required. Harry also found that Occlumency was a broad range of various mini-skill sets that encompassed Occlumency. Currently Harry only used two of the skills at the same time when he practised, and they were: clearing the mind and controlling emotions. These two skill sets were linked which is why it benefited him to learn them at the same time. Not only did it help Harry focus his magic, but it built natural mind-magic shields. These shield were subconscious constructs that protected your thoughts. Of course they were easy to penetrate, but the more proficient in the mind-arts you were the stronger your subconscious shields would be. Hopefully Harry's efforts to better himself will not be in vain, only time will tell.