selfish. Professor Dumbledore, he said—" "Is it selfish for the children and the families he showed you to want to live? To want to feel the sun on your face and taste hot chocolate in your mouth? Why did he introduce you to all those families and children, if it's so selfish to want to live?" Harry brings a hand to his forehead, to his scar. He needs to feel the source of his difference from other people and concentrate on the evil magic. If he doesn't do that, then he's not sure, he doesn't know what's going to— But Tom catches his fingers and kisses them . Harry just stares at him with his mouth open. It's so far from anything he thought could happen to him. "We're different, yes," Tom agrees with a dark intensity, and he pulls Harry closer. "We're Horcruxes, yes. That's different . But that's no reason for us to die just because Professor Dumbledore says so. Or because Voldemort says so. He intended for me to remain in a book for the rest of my life. A book ." Tom shudders, and his voice deepens. "It could easily have driven me mad. I don't matter to him except as a way of extending his life. If I get a body back, the way I'm trying to do, he'll hunt me, oppose me, kill me if he can. Why do we need to remain under the control of either of them? Why can't we go away and leave them to destroy each other if that's what they want?" Harry has never heard an argument so compelling. Maybe it's only compelling because it's another Horcrux making it, maybe because he's evil, maybe because he resents Dumbledore more than he knows. But he does shake his head and try to pull himself back to solid ground. "But Voldemort wants to take over the world. How do I know you won't do that if—" " He wants to take over the world," Tom interrupts. "Do you know why he made me?" "To escape death." Tom nods. "Insomuch as I am him, my desire is to live. To survive. I was making Ginny Weasley open the Chamber of Secrets, yes. But what matters more to me is living. If Professor Dumbledore has figured out a way to destroy the Horcruxes, then I need to escape that. I'll go as far away as I can, once I have a body, and live that way." Harry sucks in a sharp breath. So it was Ginny. He's wondered. Sometimes, the way she stared at him was disturbing, not the way anyone should look at a Horcrux. "But you could go on your own. You don't need me." It's working. Oh, God, it's working. Tom clutches Harry so close that it feels as if their magic is melding, sliding into each other's, like overlapping pages. Tom closes his eyes and speaks as honestly as he can, the same honesty that made him give up Ginny's name a minute ago. "I think we should go together. I've never touched anyone else like this and felt this, you know. I didn't know that I knew how to be happy until today. And I might forget if you don't come with me. You want to be good? You want to change the world? Come with me. Remind me of what happiness is." "Professor Dumbledore said Voldemort was never happy." "Maybe he isn't. I don't know." Tom forces his eyes open and stares at him. " I'm happy right now." It's the perfect bait, perfect because it's absolutely and one hundred percent true. Tom knows he won't get this with anyone else. Even if he finds another Horcrux, there's no guarantee it would talk with him. Or feel the way Harry does. All the others would probably be shards of an older Voldemort, the one who wants to take over the world and has forgotten what survival means. "And I'm—I can make you feel that way." Tom brushes the back of his hand down Harry's cheek, and listens to their twinned gasps. "Exactly. You're the only one who can remind me of what it's like. You can keep another Voldemort from walking the world." "That doesn't do anything about the one who killed my parents." Tom only smiles and cocks his head. "Dumbledore has figured out lots of things, hasn't he? He can come up with a way to defeat my elder self. If he's a wraith right now, then it would be easier than ever to trap him. Maybe that's even what he was trying to do with the Philosopher's Stone last year," he adds generously. He can afford generosity, with Harry all but melting in front of him. "But we don't have to be part of it." Harry's trembling, his eyes shut tight. "I always thought I was going to die." It's time for Tom to back off. He's planted the seed. Now he can only hope it flowers. Chastely, he kisses Harry's cheek, although the flare of pleasure, as strong as the Cruciatus in the opposite direction, makes it hard to stay chaste. "I know. Think about it. Get used to, maybe, living." He pulls back from the dream, fades back into the diary, and adds, "But always remember that it's your choice. I'm still just a book." It's agony to return to that book, to remember what he's been missing. But at least he can conjure the memory and play it in front of him, not exhausted by doing it or making it, because he's drawn on the magic of another Horcrux. When he is finished, he leans back on a conjured bed and closes his eyes. He was made to survive. But he'd forgotten what life was really like. Even if Harry somehow overcomes the temptation and decides to die and gives the diary to Dumbledore, Tom is going to hold onto the memory of life as he goes to his death.