Professor Sprout who started when Professor McGonagall confessed. "I wasn't going to start any of this, as I honestly don't blame this school or it's teachers for Lizzie's death, as I remember correctly, you yourself Pomona even let Lizzie slept in your office a few times when she was too terrified to go anywhere near her dormitory, but I was teaching the Sixth years advanced potion making, when we go on to making a batch of Living Death, when Sarah Hooami asked if it was true that 10 years ago, a girl in her 2nd year was bullied so badly that she perfected making this potion, and committed suicide by drinking it, and when I confirmed this, a few of the Hufflepuff students in my class thought it was funny, so I decided to show them what bullying feels like, I had no intentions of attacking any students, I was just trying to make them see that bullying – even the threat of attack is not a nice experience" "But you attacked me! That day when you came into my greenhouse and I went to remove you, you must have known it wasn't safe in there" says Professor Sprout "I was trying to sneak up on you, and frighten you like I had done countless times before, but you turned round too quick before I could change back into me, and then you went to pick me up and I hate being picked up as a cat. I really am sorry!" says a remorseful Professor McGonagall "That's how I never heard you coming in!" says Professor Sprout dumbstruck, Professor McGonagall nods her head in agreement. "That's all well but why did you murder Gilderoy?" says Professor Snape abruptly "He figured out it was me, was trying to blackmail me for money and when I refused, he inflected those wounds himself, using Wiggenweld potion, he was going to expose me and worse he was going to say I attacked him, he was going to make sure I lost my job and my home, I got so mad I lost control and before I knew what had happen, I'd transfigured into a cat and killed him with one swift swipe of my claw to his juggler" she says tearfully, Professor Snape turns and looks at Professor Dumbledore, who looks closely at Professor Lockheart's body and spot a small vial marked 'WWP' "WWP?" he says turning the vial to Professor Snape "Wiggenweld Potion!" he replies, he then turns to Professor McGonagall "So are you telling me this was all an accident caused out of anger?" "I know it sounds unbelievable but – yes I am!" "I don't know Headmaster what do you think? I mean it's still murder even if it was an accident" says Professor Lupin "There is one way we could find out if she telling the truth" replies Professor Snape, a worried Professor McGonagall looks from Professor Snape to Professor Dumbledore and back again. "No we are not using Veritaserum..." says Professor Dumbledore abruptly "No please let me take it Albus, I want to prove to you all that I'm telling the truth, and that I'm not a threat to this school or it's staff or students!" says Professor McGonagall almost pleading with him. "No!" replies Professor Dumbledore, "Look everyone, this is Minerva we are talking about here, we've lived and worked with her for decades, do we really believe she murdered Gilderoy in cold blood, or that she was ever a threat to the Hufflepuff students?" says Professor Dumbledore to the other teachers, as a nervous and sorry looking Professor McGonagall looks on. "Now that I know who it was and why, I'm positive none of this was planned, it was nothing but a string of tragic circumstances that brought about this conclusion" says Professor Sprout, "I too must admit that it does sound plaussible that certain unplanned and unforeseen events could have caused this" says Professor Snape, much to the relieve of Professor McGonagall "Plus I never liked him anyway!" he adds trying to lighten the mood slightly, which works a little as they all have a little giggle,suddenly Professor Dumbledore turns to Professor Lupin "What about you Remus, you haven't said very much?" says Professor Dumbledore turning to face him, "All I'm thinking is, what are we going to do about any of this? She's an unregistered Animagas – the Ministry will send her straight to Azkaban for that, She's committed murder whether it was accidental or not, she'll be sent to Azkaban for that too! If we try to cover any of this up, we'll all be in Azkaban and this school will close down!" "Albus Are you suggesting we don't report any of this?" asks a confused Professor Sprout, "No I'm suggesting that yous leave the Ministry to me. Do we really want to lose our Potions teacher? Also Minerva I suggest that you do not transfigure again, as next time, I will not be able to save you from Azkaban" he replies a chorus of "No" and "No of course not" fills the room, while a tearful Minerva looks on and nods her head in agreement. "What about the students? They will want to know too" she adds "They will just told that it was a tragic accident and that the person involved has been dealt with, they do not need to know any more". Everyone agrees to these terms and then they all leave the classroom. True to his word Dumbledore manages to persuade the Ministry that it was all a strange case of tragic circumstances that brought about the death of Gilderoy Lockheart, and using his impeccable talent for talking he also manages to explain why Professor McGonagall is an unregistered Animagas, in a way that she is not arrested and is able to keep her job at Hogwarts, although she is made to register and forbidden from transfiguring until such time that the Ministry deems that she has served her punishment.