back to him and placed a finger over his lips. "Save it until we get home. I have a lot more to say to you. The short version is that I love you, too." A slow smile worked its way onto Draco's face and he allowed her to tug him along to the register. He waited until she'd finished, swiping her muggle bank card for the crib, and then quickly pulled him back out onto the London streets to apparate home. He expected words but her mind was clearly elsewhere when she led him upstairs and pushed him back on their bed. When she climbed over him, their clothes gone and thrown on the floor in a haphazard pile, he found he didn't care. Hermione kissed him deeply, words for once failing her as she sank down on him. Having never been in this position before she tore her mouth from his with a soft sigh, the feeling of him inside her after going so long without nearly too much. Draco stroked his hands along her back as she hunched over him, her brow screwed up in concentration. "So deep," he heard her whisper. He kissed her wrinkled brow and placed his hands on her hips. "Let me help you, Hermione." They stared into each other's eyes as he helped her set an easy rhythm. Her hips rolled against his in a way that set them both on edge while she braced her hands against his chest. " Draco ," she sighed softly as he somehow sunk deeper. One of his hands trailed her spine, sending shivers down the length of her body while his other hand still helped guide her hips. " Fuck…Hermione ," he groaned when one last roll of her hips sent them both into a spiral of ecstasy. Draco gathered her close when she collapsed against him. She was the most cherished thing in his entire life now. Hermione swallowed against her dry throat as she tried to catch her breath. After a few moments she finally managed the strength to prop herself up on one elbow to face him. "You're an idiot," was the first thing out of her mouth before she smiled fondly and caressed his cheek with one hand. "As if you didn't know," he scoffed, a mock sneer on his lips. "Why couldn't you just talk to me," she asked more seriously. "Did you really think I'd have rejected you?" His lifted brow was his answer and she shook her head at him. "Whatever I did to make you feel that way, I just wish you'd have told me. I'm sorry that I made you think I wouldn't want you." "And I'm sorry I wasn't adult enough to say it. I just thought with the way you reacted when we found out you were pregnant…" "I was scared, Draco. It's one thing to say you're ready to have a child with a man who you think doesn't love you, add in a contract marriage at that, but it's another for it all to become reality. My emotions were all over the place." She sighed and moved to rest her head against his shoulder, pleased when he began rubbing her back as he used to. "Maybe we're both to blame." "Agree to let it go and move forward," he asked. Hermione smiled against him as her eyes drooped. "Keep rubbing my back and we'll call it a truce." "Fair enough," he sighed contentedly. Eleven Years Later Draco followed alongside his wife as they passed through to platform 9 ¾. He watched as she helped Scorpius push his cart through the throngs of witches and wizards sending their children off to school. Scorpius came screaming from the womb with a shock of bright blonde hair that fell in soft waves instead of the curls of his mother's. His brown eyes mirrored Hermione's and she took pride in the fact that he didn't inherit Draco's smirk. Unlike their seven year-old daughter though. She had Hermine's honey brown curls and brown eyes as well but she had Draco's smirk. "It's going to get her in trouble one day." Hermione always said. All he could do was smirk in return. They met the Potters and the Weasleys who were also seeing their children off for their first year. Draco set Lyra down and she immediately ran straight towards Potter's younger daughter where the two girls occupied themselves with petting Scorpius' new cat. "He's going to be alright, isn't he," Hermione worried her lip while Scorpius and James compared their new brooms. "Of course he is," Draco assured her as he slung an arm around her slender shoulders, pulling her into his side before kissing her temple. "He's a Granger -Malfoy," he smirked. "McGonagall on the other hand…she might have a bit of a time with him. I know she's shocked enough that you and I procreated." She turned her worried gaze up at him. "You really think he'll get sorted into Gryffindor?" He sighed as he nodded. "Definitely. He's Gryffindor through and through, that one." "You're not upset by the prospect?" "Hermione," he narrowed his eyes at her, "you know I don't care about that anymore. I don't much care which house our children end up in." He rolled his eyes when she lifted a challenging brow. "Okay, except Hufflepuff. I'd rather not that. But you might want to prepare yourself for Lyra." "I know," she cringed. "Slytherin or Gryffindor, it's harder to tell with her." "Hmm," he hummed in agreement. After final hugs and kisses, they watched as their children boarded the train to start the greatest journey of their young lives. Hermione was near in tears as Scorpius leaned out the window, waving to them as the train pulled out from the station. Draco pulled her close to his side and leaned down to kiss her temple. "I love you, Hermione." She rested her head against his shoulder, "I love you, too, Draco. So much."