floor. Piers had recovered and in more ways than one. Harry hit the ground hard so hard it felt like the whomping willow had just flopped on him, as he caught the full force of Piers' clearly superior strength and now ferocity. Knowing he had little time to recover and spying Dudley struggling to his knees, Harry once again let his own anger take over. Ignoring the pain in his side he leapt back up, dodged Piers' hastily thrown fist and countered with a strong one of his own. Harry had never punched anyone before and he couldn't say he enjoyed the experience very much. But at this point Piers would only respond to one thing. And Harry made sure that thing connected hard with the side of the bigger boy's face, knocking him down. Obviously not expecting any kind of a fight from someone he'd bullied for so many years, Piers stayed down, not wanting to withstand another shot from Harry. Of course, he didn't know Harry hardly wanted to carry on either. His knuckle had begun throbbing immediately and he was scared to keep going. Fighting like this wasn't him, but he knew he had to stand up to these bullies now otherwise they would never stop tormenting these kids. Standing over the beaten down last gang member, Harry turned to look at an also now standing and very perplexed looking Dudley. Harry was panting heavily now, pain coming in waves as his body began to lose its grip on the adrenaline, but he ignored it as best he could to confront his last enemy. Walking slowly over to him Harry saw pain, panic and anger mixed into Dudley's face. He stopped so that the two boys were only a few feet apart and stared defiantly at his cousin, their eyes locked in a fiery stare. "Your bullying days are done Dudley," Harry stated. But before he could back it up Dudley chuckled humourlessly and responded, "Oh yeah? What are you going to do? You-you wouldn't dare hurt me, and you know why, because Dad would kick your ass", Dudley finished, his trembling voice betraying his confident assertions. "Oh, is that so Dudders?" Harry said as he strode assuredly up to Dudley closing the gap between the two of them to mere centimetres and showing his lack of fear for his cousin. "I just laid out your gang and I didn't even use this." Harry said pulling his wand out and holding it at head height, letting the fear he knew it would cause in his cousin do the work for him. It did just that. At seeing Harry's wand Dudley lost that little bit of confidence his voice had earlier so arrogantly exhibited. Dudley's eyes flicked back to Harry's now, no doubt fearing what his crazed magical cousin might do next. Knowing he had him, Harry lowered his voice so that it was barely over a whisper making sure to spell out his next words for his intellectually challenged cousin. "If you ever torment or hurt any kid again, be it physical or otherwise, I don't care what kind of war I'm fighting or how far away I am, nothing will stop me from coming back here to deal with you myself." Seeing the acknowledgement laced with fear in his cousin's eyes, Harry continued, "And if you mention a word of this to your pathetic mummy and daddy, I swear you will not like the consequences." Harry finished strongly with an air of finality gesturing to his wand to indicate to Dudley the repercussions of said actions. Fear was a powerful motivator and not one Harry relished in using nor used lightly, but in this case against an enemy who only understood fear, he couldn't deny its effectiveness. Upon seeing Dudley nod his head weakly in acceptance Harry turned to view the rest of the gang, all of whom were still squirming around on the floor- either not wanting to engage again or unable to. Harry however turned his attentions back to his own predicament. His knuckle was cut, his side hurt like hell, his body no doubt bore the early bruises only a fight would leave and the adrenaline he had used so intently only moments ago had all but gone. Despite that he turned and caught sight of the kid who he thought had run away. The kid had stayed, sheltered in the longer grass outside the park to watch at a safe distance. He was still clearly scared yet had been brave enough to stay and mouthed a thank you to Harry before speeding off back towards the safety of the estate. That was it. A warm buzz flittered through his heart and Harry knew, that was all the recognition he would ever need to confirm his leap into action. If he ever had a doubt before about stopping those who were trying to hurt others he cast it firmly aside right there and then. If not for him more than likely the kid would have continued to suffer at their hands and now, if Dudley and his gang knew what was good for them, others like him could equally feel safe in their own neighbourhood once more. It was for exactly that reason that Harry had made his vow and if his little confrontation with Dudley had shown him anything, it was that he was right to have made it. Casting his gaze one last time up to the clouds Harry let a small smile grace his lips as he thought about his parents and Sirius. Finally he felt like he was making them proud, finally he was stepping up and taking control. For now though his fight here was done. He had another more important battle to prepare for. Taking one last deep breath, he left the park without looking back and walked home in contemplation of his next moves, which he would need to begin in earnest tomorrow, when summer began.