felt like it had before Padfoot had been brought in, before he'd had another person to focus on. The days felt empty and lonely. He found it harder and harder to hold on to his sanity. And then, the mass breakout happened. Regulus knew something big was happening. He heard that Bellatrix Lestrange, who was one of his cousins, had been one of the prisoners to escape. He knew she'd been deep in You-Know-Who's circle. She had promised him that she'd be able to get him into the upper ranks of Death Eaters, but that had never happened. Regulus wished now more than ever that Padfoot were still around to talk to about this. He'd told his friend his story about becoming a Death Eater. Had even admitted that he felt foolish for doing so, that he'd never really hated half-bloods and Muggles, but had felt the weight of expectation that his parents had placed on him and had gone along with whatever they said. He'd been pleased when Padfoot had told him of You-Know-Who's downfall. Regulus wondered where Padfoot was now, what he was doing. Had he joined the newly freed Death Eaters? Regulus doubted that; Padfoot didn't seem the type to fit in with that group. He just hoped he was alright, wherever he was. Regulus knew that everything was about to change. The entire atmosphere of the prison shifted almost instantly. He heard people shouting and the dementors were nowhere to be found. The dark cloud that had been hanging over the island seemed to disappear slowly. Regulus heard cell doors being opened and jumped up from his seat on the floor, rushing to the door of his own cell and peering out. "I told you I'd come back, now didn't I?" Regulus nearly cried with relief at the sound of his old friend's voice. Padfoot stood just out of sight in the few shadows that were left in the place. "Padfoot!" Regulus exclaimed. "What's happening? Are they releasing all of us?" "Not exactly," Padfoot began. Regulus listened eagerly as his friend told him about the second war, how You-Know-Who had risen to power once more and been defeated for good this time, and that the Ministry had reevaluated the cases of every single prisoner in Azkaban. Some were being released, while those who posed a real threat to society would remain here, but no longer under the guard of the dementors. "So, am I...?" Regulus trailed off, afraid to speak the words, as though saying it would make someone change their mind. "Yes, my old friend," Padfoot finished for him, "you're being released. I vouched for you." He took one hesitant step toward the cell. "But there's something else you need to know." Regulus's euphoric mood at finally being a free man was taken down a couple of notches by this statement. Something wasn't right. "What?" he asked hesitantly. "I haven't been exactly truthful with you," Padfoot admitted. "There's something you should've known about me from the first time we spoke, but I knew if I told you, you'd never speak to me and I would never get the chance to have a good relationship with you again. Even if it was founded on a secret, I'm glad we were friends. I just want you to know that." "What are you saying?" Regulus asked. "What secret-" Regulus stopped speaking as Padfoot stepped out of the shadows. He felt the blood drain from his face as he recognized his brother. Though aged nearly twenty years, Regulus could never forget that face. Regulus wanted to lash out, to call Sirius every horrible name he could think of, yell at him. He'd been deceived and it made him feel like a fool for not seeing it before. That appraising look that had seemed so familiar in the beginning had been bestowed on him before. Why hadn't he known it from the start? Then it occurred to him that not only was this his brother, Sirius Black, standing before him, but Padfoot, the man who had become his best friend during the darkest period of his life. Sirius could've chosen to make his life even more miserable while he'd been in the cell across from his younger brother, but instead he'd decided to befriend him. Sirius had helped him keep from drowning in the sea of madness that had engulfed nearly everyone else around them. "I understand if you're upset with me," Sirius said, breaking the silence that had been hanging in the air for the past few minutes. "But I want you to know how sorry I am. I didn't care about anyone but myself when I went off to Hogwarts. I didn't want anything to do with my family." Sirius took out his wand, waved it at the cell door, and stepped back as it swung open. "I don't know what possessed me to try to have a relationship with you while we were here together. Maybe it was guilt or maybe I just wanted to have one friend in this awful place." He held his hand out, palm up, toward Regulus. "I don't blame you if you can't forgive me, but if you can, I want to help you get your life back together. I want to be the brother I should've always been." Regulus looked from Sirius's hopeful face to the hand outstretched before him. He deliberated for only a moment before taking a steadying breath and putting his hand in Sirius's. "You aren't the only one who messed this up. If you're willing to give me a chance, then I can do the same for you." Sirius pulled his brother into the first embrace they'd ever shared. Regulus felt truly at peace for the first time in his life. He knew that there was still a lot for them to work through, but he was willing to do whatever it took to finally have the kind of relationship with his brother that he's always wanted.