him. Soundless prayers, pleading. A good while later, his foot bumped against something. A hand, decaying and rotting, a small handgun lying loosely in what would have once been a firm grip. Now, the man's defiance was over. Defiance was all it could be called, for Harry stared into the very whites of his eyes and saw no bravery, only the strongest desperation, forged from fear. Harry bent at the knees, placing one carefully down next to a ragged piece of wire, barbed and rusted. He reached over the man's body, and with the gentlest of touches, pried it from the dead man's hand. The grip was worn and used, smoothed by the long hold of death. His fingers shaking, he ran a single digit over the trigger, feeling the harsh cold of the metal beneath the thin, superficial layer of dirt. It rang deep in him, the contrast. By this time, he was sweating from the sweltering, cloying heat, even clad in his tee-shirt. It was probably empty, the revolver, but for some strange reason it made him feel safer, despite his wand. He knew how to use a wand, but not this mechanical contraption; sure, it was simple to just pull a trigger - all people knew how to do that - but that to Harry was no guarantee. He slipped it into his jeans. No, the cool, carefully crafted weight in his pocket carried with it a certain comfort … an uneasy comfort, but a comfort nonetheless. Whatever this place was, and however quickly he wanted to leave it, it now felt just a little safer. The quiet was still more than a little disconcerting, but he could cope with that, for the time being. He just couldn't cope with being alone. More minute whispers of wind swept the dirt around his feet. An explosion sounded in the far-off distance, muted by the miles of air between it and the city. The sound rang in his ears and smacked his head like a concussion. Suddenly, a scrabbling noise cut through to him, and a figure rose upon a mound of rubble, silhouetted in the dim light of the flames. It slipped, crashing down to the ground, before pushing itself up and limping towards him, grunting and whimpering all the while. His wand was up in an instant, pointing directly at the shadow. "Don't come any closer! Stop right there!" Harry's voice was cracking, a stutter creeping in. "I'm warning you! B-back away." The figure's face entered the light - the face of a man, if you could even call him that; a beard grew patchily along his jawline. In parts that beard reached nearly to his chest, despite the bald spots. Singed, his hair looked black and dirty; whether it was black naturally or not, could not be told. His cheekbones were higher than any Harry had ever seen before … only they weren't high, they were bare. As that light flickered over him, Harry could see the wrinkled skin stretched taught over sinew and bone, the ring around his eyes as deep as the oceans. His arms were worse, and a shard of bone stuck through the surface in his right forearm, old burns discolouring even that. "Pomogi," his scratchy voice called, hoarse and torn, pleading. "Pomogi mne, pozhaluysta." Harry was bewildered, an exclamation of surprise passing his dry lips. The man lunged forward, eyes blazing. "Pomogi!" "Stupefy!" A red light flew from the tip of his wand and struck the skeletal man soundly in the chest, dropping him unconscious to the floor. Harry breathed hard, his heart beating ten to the dozen. "Harry?" He whipped round, his wand aimed once again, panic flaring in his eyes. His hand trembled, his face twitched in a nervous tick. "HARRY!" That voice was familiar. Smooth but with a hint of rasp, it felt like the best thing he had ever heard. "Sirius!" There was his godfather, looking a little worse for wear, grubby and mucky, but unharmed, another taller figure behind him - Remus. The straggly old mutt sprinted to him, enveloping his shaking body in a crushing hug. A hug full of warmth, full of care, full of love. Sirius clutched him ever tighter to his chest, sobbing all the while. "It's okay, it's okay. It's okay, Harry." "I've found him, Remus!" he cried out over his shoulder, before returning to his godson, his next words muffled in Harry's jet hair. "It's okay. Shhh … it's okay. Thank Merlin. Thank Merlin you're safe." "Sirius, we need to get out of here. Bring Harry to the car." There was an urgency in Remus' voice - a hint of fear. He barely glanced at the reunited pair. Instead, his eyes twitched around agitatedly, watching everything, as if looking for a sign. Sirius nodded jerkily. "Okay, come on Harry. We need to go." Harry wiped his face on his sleeve and let himself be guided along the dusty street to a running, sputtering car, box-like and beige in colour. "Get in the back, kiddo. Remus is right. This place really isn't safe." Harry gave a muted chuckle. "I kinda guessed that by now. Where is this place, anyway?" Remus turned round and pocketed his wand. "We'll explain when we're on the road. When we're out of here." Harry looked at Sirius, who gave him a grim nod, and climbed into the back. Okay, there you go. I know, a pretty short first chapter, but it's really nothing more than a taster for what is yet to come. If you want to continue reading this atrocity called fanfiction, then please do. That'd be great. Any feedback would also be appreciated, from flames to religious praise, criticism to marriage proposals. Over time, it is likely that I will edit chapters, but for now, while I do have a very good beta reader, I am looking to you lot to pick up any extra errors that she couldn't find. Thanks, and toodles all.