first years. Hagrid! All first years were to ride the boats across the lake to get to the school- a freaking castle. The water was inky and the floating lanterns around us made me feel as though I were dreaming. Harry appeared to be in shock. Inside the castle, all the first years were herded into an enormous entrance hall. The ceiling curved far above the heads of everyone gathered. The clicking of shoes made all heads turn. I felt dizzy. The tall woman with the emerald robes and tight bun stood in front of the crowd. It was like she materialized from my memories. She looked exactly the same. It really couldn't be a coincidence that two people from my memories now appeared as Harry's life changed significantly. But why? I missed everything she said, but followed Harry as they all followed her into a cavernous room. People, students, everywhere. All staring at the first years. They all wore black robes and sat at one of four long tables. At the front of the room was a single long table at which adults in varying robes sat. Teachers? My breath caught. At the center sat another ghost from my memory. The elderly man with icicle hair, half-moon glasses, and twinkling eyes. His gaze scanned the first years and landed on Harry. His expression warmed. He had been looking for Harry. Harry didn't seem to notice. He shifted uncomfortably. I saw the blonde boy from Diagon Alley. Several first years had left the group to sit on a stool in front of the tall woman, McGonagall. They placed a patched hat on their head and… dear lord it talked . I thought this world couldn't get any weirder. Eventually, the hat shouted a word, either Hufflepuff, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, or Slytherin, and the student went to the associated table. The Hermione, the frizzy-haired girl, the boy who lost his frog, Neville, and Ron were all placed at the Gryffindor table. The blonde boy was quickly placed in Slytherin. Harry's name was called and he took his place on the stool. I followed apprehensively. It took a while, and I chewed my nails nervously, wondering where he'd be placed, if placed at all. Finally, the hat called out Gryffindor. Harry sighed in relief, and I wonder what he had experienced as the hat fell over his eyes. As Harry made his way to the table, I wondered where I would be placed if I were normal. After everything that happened this year, between adjusting to this new world of magic, making friends with Ron and Hermione, and making enemies, Harry just couldn't catch a break. He left behind Ron and Hermione and continued through only to come face to face with Professor Quirrell. Harry was tied down with rope. Harry desperately tried to buy time by talking. The man claimed to have Voldemort on his side. A voice came from Quirrell. He shoved Harry in front of the mirror, "using him." But for what? Quirrell turned and removed his turban. That face. That face. Evil. I remember from years ago, except it was highlighted in green at the time and attached to its own body. Voldemort. That was its name. It killed Harry's parents and aimed to kill Harry too. I had to do something. Voldemort screamed, telling Quirrell to seize Harry. Quirrell's hand wrapped around Harry's wrist, but I couldn't let that happen. I don't know how, but as I called out to Harry desperately, with my hand out to stop Quirrell even though I knew I couldn't touch him, Quirrell released Harry in pain. I focused all my energy on helping Harry. It blinded me. I wouldn't, couldn't let Harry die. Quirrell reached for his wand to put Harry's life to an end, and Voldemort screamed. Harry reached forward and I felt him do so rather than saw him do so. I remember my hands extending at the same time as his, my voice crying out his name. I had to save him. My efforts seemed to be hurting Harry too, but as long as he held on… Harry fell as Quirrell was ripped away. I stooped to my knees. My gaze tiredly lifted to see Dumbledore. Harry was safe, so I… I could rest. I welcomed the blackness. ~Year Two Harry stood within the cold, green-hued sewer system under the castle. An ancient statue towered above the small figure that held Harry's attention. He flew to Ginny, pleading that she was still alive. I detected a presence behind us. Riddle. He spoke, startling Harry. He told Harry how he abused Ginny's trust, her very life. "I AM LORD VOLDEMORT" sparkled in front of us. How does this guy keep coming back? Fawkes flew in with the sorting hat. The bird turned its black eyes briefly to me, just long enough for me to know it knew I was there. Voldemort laughed. Oh, Harry. Why couldn't you just have a normal life? Harry thought quickly, blurting out how Voldemort already failed to kill him- his mother's love. That beautiful woman who haunted my dreams. Still, it didn't explain why he lost his didn't dwell on it. He summoned the basilisk. Fawkes… the hat… the sword. The basilisk fell, but a fang sunk deep into Harry's arm. From where I sat next to Ginny, I could see Harry faltering. The venom took effect swiftly. I didn't know what to do. As I tried to recreate what I had done a year before, Fawkes gained my attention. He stared into me and I relaxed. Fawkes would help both Harry and me. The bird flew to Harry and cried, its tears healing him. Riddle screeched in anger, but Harry ended thing quickly with one blow to the diary with the fang he pulled from his arm. Ginny stirred from her position next to me. Another trial overcome. Harry was safe, I was… still in limbo. A ghost with no power to be detected.