Underneath them, he'd found a note and had unfolded it to read, ' No other bloke our age would ever wear cufflinks, you posh git, but if anyone can carry these off, it's you. Happy birthday! ' scribbled across it in Harry's barely legible scrawl. He'd shot out of bed and had raced through his morning ablutions with the soppiest fucking grin on his face and the desire to kiss his idiot boyfriend throbbing through him. But by the time he'd gone up to the Great Hall, the Gryffindor team had already left for their warm-ups. So now, nearly two hours later, Draco was practically bursting with the need to just be with Harry. The fact that Harry flew with a weightless grace and a nearly impertinent ease made it so much worse – he was fucking majestic up there, his posture perfect, his balance impeccable – Draco could barely keep it together. He fucking hated the Ravenclaw team with a vengeance, having personally lost to them the previous month but he couldn't for the life of him bring himself to openly cheer on the Gryffindors, and so he simply sat there, spine stiff as a board, expression carefully arranged into bored impassivity, and unblinkingly watched Harry as he flew lazy circles over the pitch. Until, suddenly, the indolently hovering figure Draco's gaze was fixed on moved so quickly that for one discombobulated moment, Draco thought he'd simply vanished into thin air. Harry flattened himself on his broom and plunged into such a steep nosedive that Draco's stomach lurched just watching. Pansy gasped and Granger let out a soft shriek as Weasley, and the rest of the fucking school, hollered so loudly that the Forest beyond the pitch seemed to wilt from the noise. Hundreds of students seemingly held their breath as Harry Potter hurtled towards the freshly mown grass, the Ravenclaw Seeker's panic palpable as he followed far, far too slowly. And then Harry was shooting back up, hand held aloft in triumph, the feeble fluttering of the gossamer white wings just about visible against his gloved knuckles. The stands exploded. Weasley was bellowing with both arms up in the air, eyes popping and the tendons in his neck bulging. Granger was crying and laughing all at once, and was, shockingly, tangled in a completely spontaneous hug with Pansy. Applause thundered, Charmed lion-hats roared and students shrieked with the same joy that Draco, horrifyingly enough, felt in his own chest. He was on his feet – when had got to his feet? – and Harry... wait, Harry was looking at him; was flying at him. Grinning that open-hearted beam that Draco privately swooned over, Harry was making a beeline for him, speeding in a maroon blur. Draco only then realised that he himself was grinning right back. As Harry drew nearer, it suddenly became crystal clear just what he was about to do. Out of nowhere , Draco suddenly thought back to their first kiss – hesitant, clumsy, and laced with Firewhiskey as they'd lounged by the fireplace in the common room long after everyone else had gone to bed. He thought of the kiss after their 'first fight' – Draco had screamed at Harry about how he probably still thought of Draco as nothing but a Death Eater who'd gone scot-free; it had been a completely irrational bout of insecurity and Harry's eyes had been wet as they'd later kissed with a nearly violent need to reassure, shivering in the cold as they'd stood pressed together in the snow behind one of the greenhouses. He thought of their kiss just the previous evening, the one after which Harry had said those things about... them, the promise ringing clear in his tone. He thought about the way Harry looked at him, smiled at him; about the way Draco's head was nearly always full of him, all day every day, and about the way Draco sometimes deliberately went to bed still smelling of him, refusing to acknowledge what it meant – because he already fucking knew what it meant. What all of it meant. And then Draco decided, fuck it, he was going to risk it. They were going to risk it together, Harry and Draco. For then Harry descended on him, one arm winding around Draco's waist and pulling, the Snitch's wings fluttering against the small of his back, his other hand pushing into Draco's hair as he crushed their mouths together. Cogency fled Draco as he grabbed Harry by his robes and yanked him closer, sliding both hands into his wind-ruffled hair as he slanted his head and let Harry ravage his mouth, giving back as good as he took. The noise of the stadium faded away into white noise – the only thing he even remotely cared about was kissing this gorgeous prat right here. Harry hovered in mid-air, seeming perfectly content to risk falling and breaking his neck as long as he could kiss Draco right there in front of hundreds of pairs of keenly staring eyes. Draco felt as though he was flying too. Their mouths moved wetly together; Harry's mouth tasted of sunshine and pumpkin juice. His face was cool from having the wind cut across it for so long and Draco's fingers moved warmly over his cheeks, their lips curling into identical smiles of shy delight at the same time. They pulled away and Draco's heart sang in his ears, his chest rising and falling as they beamed at one another, both of them completely out of breath, Draco completely out of words. "Happy birthday," Harry whispered, grabbing Draco's hand where it lay on his cheek and then pressing something into it. Draco's fingers closed around the Snitch and he looked back up at Harry with a soft snort. "I keep my promises." Harry winked. And with another kiss to Draco's wryly grinning mouth, he was zooming away, leaving Draco there with the winning Snitch and jauntily flying away with his heart. ~end~