boy off of Ginny. He briefly considered using his wand, but physical violence seemed like the better option at this point. " Oi Flannigan, it's bad form to kiss another bloke's girlfriend, you bloody wanker!" He growled, winding back and punching the Irishman in the face. His face contorted in agony as he cradled his already damaged hand to his chest. " She's your girlfriend?" Flannigan stuttered, his voice blending into the gasped that were heard throughout the hall. " Yes, she is, I hope," Blaise turned to face Ginny, "Gin, I'm so sorry. It's always been you. I love you so much. A week without you felt like eternal misery, and I need you. Please forgive me, I'm begging you." Ginny Weasley sighed and cocked her head to the side, "I want a dozen roses." " Done." " And a treacle tart." " Easy." " And that new Firebolt 5002" " Anything you want, it's yours." Ginny smiled, "Blaise, I'm kidding. Of course I forgive you, you idiot." Blaise grinned as he pulled her into a searing kiss, and as he retold the story years later to their children, he still claimed that everyone in the hall cheered. Daphne glanced up from the laptop, raising an eyebrow between Blaise and Ginny Weasley. Blaise seemed to be almost angry while Ginny Weasley was looking down at her feet, quiet for once this evening. "Well that's not how the story went at all!" Blaise shouted, springing up from his seat on the couch. Hermione stared between the two, "What do you mean?" Blaise glared at Ginny pointedly, "Do you want to tell them or should I?" Ginny sighed, "I'll tell them," She swept her gaze over the rest of the room and scowled, "Fucking gossips, all of you. If you must know, Blaise and I actually did have a secret relationship a couple years ago, and we broke up pretty similarly to the way it happened in that story." Blaise shook his head, ignoring the shocked looks, "Nuh uh, Ginevra Weasley! You tell them exactly what is wrong with the story." Ginny exhaled loudly, "Fine. In the story, I wanted to go public but Blaise didn't so we broke up and the rest happened. But when we actually broke up, it was flipped. Blaise wanted to go public but I didn't." Blaise nodded, "Exactly! I don't know about the rest of the story, but that author got it mixed up! Ginny wanted to be free and whatnot, while I wanted commitment." Draco snorted, "Congrats, you're the woman of the relationship." Ginny eyed Blaise across the room. "Well they got one thing right," She admitted. Blaise raised an eyebrow in challenge, "And what was that?" Ginny took a deep breath, "It was accurate that Blaise–well me–I missed you a lot. I regretted it as soon as we broke up." The self assured expression on his face faltered, "Uh–what?" Ginny nodded, "I wanted to tell you I missed you and wanted you back, but I heard from Seamus who heard from Dean who heard from Terry Boot who heard from Theodore Nott that you started dating Padma Patil. I realized I was too late." "Well, Padma dumped me for Nott. So technically, it's not too late," Blaise said carefully. Ginny stared at him and her eyes lit up. She smiled and walked over to his seat, kneeling down so she could hold his hand in hers. "Blaise, I'm so sorry. It's always been you. I love you so much. A week–I mean two years– without you felt like eternal misery, and I need you. Please forgive me, I'm begging you." "You can't even come up with your own heartfelt apology speech slash declaration of love? You had to copy mine?" Blaise exclaimed in disbelief. "You didn't even write it, though!" Ginny pointed out. "You know what, I want a dozen roses now." Blaise snapped. "Done." "And a treacle tart." He added with a smile. "Easy." "And that new Firebolt 5002." She cocked her head to the side, "How about I just offer to sleep with you?" "And you're forgiven!" Blaise smiled, grabbing her hand and pulling her into his arms, "Now lets go make due on that promise." Ronald Weasley cringed, "You know that I, the brother, am right here. I don't want to hear about this!" "Oh Ron, hush. They're so cute." Pansy Parkinson fawned. "Aw, Harry look they're holding hands like we were doing a couple hours ago–" Daphne paused and turned away, "Oh, they're stripping now. That was fast." Draco Malfoy nodded, "Yes, yes, they're all very cute, oh so cute." He turned to look at Hermione. "Granger," He barked, "You still haven't answered my question yet." "Oh, what the hell. How about I…. tell you in the Potions classroom?" Hermione Granger grinned, getting up from her position on the couch and walking over to the blonde Slytherin. Draco Malfoy smiled, leaning closer and snaking a hand around her waist. Then he scolded her, "Merlin Granger, that's still not a yes or no answer you daft witch–" She rolled her eyes and crashed her lips to his, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him closer. She glanced up at him through her lashes and smirked, "Does that answer your question?" He tried to fight the smile on his lips, "Yes, I suppose that's a sufficient answer." "Wait, are we going to do anything about the people who are writing barmy stories about our lives and setting us up with weird people?" Ron Weasley asked, rubbing the back of his neck. The occupants of the room shrugged. "Well, they got us together, so I don't see why they shouldn't be allowed to spread the love." Daphne pointed out. Blaise paused from getting reacquainted with his girlfriend's body and looked up with an expression of pure disturbance on his face, "Just no crack fics, please! " A/N: Sorry Blaise, I tried, but this whole fic is just one giant crack-fic.