boy to consider taking over his own family business as well," James says in a flat tone. "What do you say, son?" "Oh, I'd love to spend some time with him, one on one," Harry doesn't even bother to mask the intensely heated stare he pins Draco down with, so it was probably a good thing that Potter Sr.'s mobile phone started to ring at that point. The older man excuses himself and walks a short distance away to answer the call and Harry shifts imperceptibly closer, standing shoulder-to-shoulder with Draco, their elbows brushing as he turned to face the building that was coming up. "I took a look at the plans, they're great," he says casually. "I'll pass along the compliment to our architects," Draco answers stiffly. He hears a snort but the man next to him doesn't say anything further. Then Potter sighs. "Look," he says softly. "I realised later on that I was rather horrible to you – I'm sorry." Draco looks around in unmasked surprise and Potter grins, mussing his hair up carelessly. "Yeah, I should've told you who I am. It was honestly awful, what I did, and I really am sorry." "Not all of it was awful," Draco mumbles without thinking and then vehemently curses himself as Potter rumbles out a deep laugh beside him. "No, it wasn't," he agrees, and then playfully digs his elbow into Draco's side. Draco yelps, squirming away, and still red in the face from his own imbecilic comment, scowls up at Potter. Smiling, Potter reaches up and gingerly brushes away a strand of hair off Draco's face, prompting the blond to blink up at him, taken aback. "Do you think-?" Potter starts before abruptly pursing his lips and looking away, shoving his hands back into his trouser pockets. Draco waits, annoyed with himself for how badly he wants the man to finish whatever he was about to ask him. When Potter doesn't speak again, Draco sighs and gives in. "Do I think what?" he asks, glancing sideways at him – damn, the man had a superb side-profile. The man had a superb everything. "I actually wanted to ask you that very evening-" Potter speaks in a mumble. "-but the probability of you chucking a chair at my head was rather high, so I decided otherwise." "Ask me what?" Draco asks impatiently when the man doesn't continue. "Do you think-?" Potter scratches his ear, restlessly kicking at a stone near his foot. "Could you maybe-?" he looks rather irritated with himself so Draco purses his lips on a smile and waits, tucking his thumbs into his pockets and turning to face the man properly. "May I have my number? I mean-" he looks rather alarmed as he hurries to correct himself and Draco could feel sudden laughter bubbling up inside him. "-would you give me my number?" he looks downright horrified now and Draco has to inconspicuously bring one hand up to his mouth to hide his grin. "Your number," Potter sighs resignedly. "May I have your number?" he finally manages, hanging his head and looking miserable. Draco bursts out laughing then, although his belly is suddenly filled by a swarm of manic butterflies and his heart thuds excitedly. "What the fuck is wrong with me?" Potter growls irascibly under his breath. "Oh, I don't know, Potter," Draco says airily still grinning from ear to ear. "I think I infinitely prefer you being an utter wally, stumbling over your words, than being a smug, cocky arsehole." Potter's face slowly lights up with a wide, toothy smile. "Yeah, I'm sure you do," he murmurs, his eyes shamelessly trailing down Draco's form once before he takes a step closer to him. "I'd like to take you out to dinner," he says softly. "Would you, now?" Draco asks cheekily, crossing his arms over his chest. "Yes, I would, so tell me when you're free, or I know of other ways to persuade you," Potter smoulders at him, making his breath catch. "Better ways," Potter adds leaning in, waggling his eyebrows. "God, you're despicable , I don't even know why I'm agreeing to this," Draco bites his lip and quickly drops his gaze, shuffling awkwardly from foot to foot, trying and failing not to instantly think back to that night – Potter's tongue, indolently sliding up between his arse cheeks; his thick fingers stuffing him until he could barely breathe, until that massive cock finally took Draco's breath away entirely. "Is that a yes?" Potter's vivid green eyes are round and charmingly delighted. Draco rolls his own steel grey eyes. "It's dinner, Potter," he says blandly. "There's no need to get too excited." Potter Sr., peering up at the edifice with one hand shielding his face from the glare of sun, indicates to them at that point, waving them over. "You really should start calling me Harry," Potter says as they immediately trudge obediently towards the older man. "'Potter' is way too impersonal a name to call the guy who's had his tongue up your arse." Draco stumbles over his feet and Harry's hand immediately closes around his elbow to steady him, a low chuckle drifting out of him. "Wanker," Draco hisses. "Besides," Potter goes on. "You helplessly screaming 'Harry' would be infinitely sexier than you screaming 'Potter' while I fuck you, wouldn't it?" They reach Potter Sr. then who vaguely comments on something about one of the windows on the eighth floor without really looking at the pair of them, and Draco is fervently grateful when Harry, hiding a roguish grin, says something in reply because he definitely can't get his brain to come up with an answer and, fucking hell, now Draco's cock is stirring, he can't breathe again because all he can think of is screaming Harry's name while Harry pins him down and mindlessly fucks him into total incoherency. Because hell yes , that would be sexy as fuck and Draco is officially in so much trouble . ~end~