their task is complete. Gideon and I are now in limbo. We are neither fully dead nor fully alive, and to return we need to complete what we've been set. "What do you have to do?" she asked looking between the two. "We are here to show you the future." "The future?" The twins nodded. "The future of our dear Nephews and Niece. Molly you are being giving the opportunity of a life time, you are going to be transported in to each of their futures to witness what becomes of them." "The war, do they…" Gideon smiled. "Don't worry Mols. We may be dead but we are clued up on what has been going on in the Wizarding World, we also know exactly what you will see when you visit the future. But Molly you won't be going on this journey alone, Fabian and I will be accompanying you on this, and we'll be your encyclopaedia of the future." "The only thing we don't know is, what order we'll be seeing the futures in as that is all down to you." "What do you mean Fabian?" Fabian reached for her hand and Molly stiffened, it was ice cold, like he'd been playing in to snow for too long with no gloves on. "Sorry, forgot I'd be cold." He muttered and Molly smiled. "I don't care," and she gripped his hand tighter, Fabian walked over to the colour orbs in at the end of the room, now that she was no longer panicking she studied them closer. The first thing she noticed was each orb was a different colour. The second thing, there was only seven. One for each of her children. "It's really simple Molly, each orb represents one of your children. We have seven orbs in seven different colours: blue, pink, yellow, green, red, orange and purple. Each orb will transport us in to a different future. Who the orbs belongs to neither Fab nor I know, we do know however they are not in age order, they've been scattered about. Once we enter the future we'll witness one day, that day can be anywhere between two years and twenty years from now. So we could witness Georgie's life in 5 years but Freddie's in 15." "When we leave that future the orb will fade in colour meaning we cannot renter it, we will then have to move on to another. Once all seven orbs have been viewed you'll be returned to your life and Giddy and I will fade back to the Underworld." "One other thing you need to know, there is no such thing as time here. The place you have come from is frozen in time, you will be transported back to the exact second that you left and nobody will know any different." "Do I remember what I see?" Molly asked as she allowed the information to sink in. Fabian and Gideon both nodded their heads and Molly turned to view the orbs in front of her. Seven orbs represented one of each of her children. "Will they see us?" "Nope, we will be completely invisible. They'll neither see, hear nor feel us. Imagine they are in a crystal ball and we are watching from the outside, it'll be like that." "Okay I understand." she asked. If only Arthur had been here, she felt selfish that only she would be able to witness this special opportunity. "Molly there is one other thing, you cannot tell anyone what happens here. You wish to talk about it then it'll have to be a dream you had. No one, not even Arthur can know." Molly closed her eyes and nodded. She looked at her younger brothers with a sad smile, this was a bittersweet feeling. How she had missed her brothers, how many nights had she wished for them to return. How had she wished her children would have grown knowing their Uncles. Ginny and Ron were too young to remember them, and the twins only had vague memories. "Actually there is also another thing…" "There appears to be a lot of other things you keep forgetting to tell me," she chuckled and the boys grinned. "Hey we were dead a few minutes ago, give us a break." Molly rolled her eyes. "You cannot change what you see, these futures are set in stone. Whatever meddling you do in the next twenty years, the result will remain the same." "Okay, I understand, I just hope I like what I see." She admitted and Fabian placed a hand on her shoulder. "It's time to pick Molly." Molly nodded and looked at the seven glowing orbs in front of her. With a deep breath she walked to the one closest to her. Hey there, so welcome to my latest story Momma See's All. If you follow my stories then you may be aware of my challenge for a new story each month. This is story number 7 of 7! MSA will be similar to a previous story I wrote called Witnessing the Future, but this will be better written and just be a better story in general (I hope) Where as in that a future had to be chosen, in this the futures are already set in stone. Some pairings are going to be Cannon where as others are going to be different. There may even be a few OCs thrown in... What I will say now however Romione will not be a coupling, though I like them in the film I don't ship them. I'll be putting Ron with someone else. Now for the first future I'm leaving it up to you to decide, if no one votes then I'll decide. All you have to do is give me the name: Bill/Charlie/Percy/Fred/George/Ron/Ginny to secure your vote. The one with the highest score will be the first chapter. Reviews are lovely as always but if you've actually got to this point thanks for reading! Until the next chapter... Lottie!