her face, confusing him. He furrowed his brow as Hermione took the hand he had held out to stop her between both her hands and placed it against her face. She closed her eyes as his thumb unconsciously stroked her cheek. "I broke it off." Shock was an understated emotion. "What?" he finally managed, feeling twenty-five all over again. "I put on the dress," she explained, "and felt horrible. Ron, being Ron, came to the door to get a peak at me and received quite the shock when I told him to come in. He wasn't in it either. He was having second thoughts and wanted reassurance. I obviously did not absolve them." "You were crying when I came," he reminded her. "I thought they were happy tears." She couldn't help but laugh. "I honestly was thinking about how bad I felt that Molly went through all this trouble. She gave me these hideous shoes and I still haven't told my family. Honestly, I was feeling terrible that I didn't want to marry him. I felt like I was letting so many people down by us calling it off. Ron is probably telling everyone now." "I don't know what to say," he admitted. So many feelings rushed into her at once and she nearly doubled over as the full realization of the entire situation came down on her. Hermione was near hyperventilation but managed a single sentence - "Please...help me remember." There was no turning back but neither one of them seemed to have a single hesitation as their lips met in the most familiar way. There had never been fireworks, nor were there any now, but my goodness did she feel like she had finally come home again. Severus' hands shook as they made their way into Hermione's hair, barely containing the moan rising up in him as she pressed against him. Her arms wrapped tightly around his middle, her head leaning back to give him better access to her mouth. It felt like no time had passed between them as their tongues met in perfect sync. She fisted his black overcoat, her knees turning into jelly as they reacquainted themselves. Severus forced himself to break the kiss, feeling light headed and dizzy. Their foreheads met instantly and they both laughed. "I have missed you," he murmured, gently kissing her nose, something she had always loved. "There's always been a part of me searching for you. I never..." He trailed off, not knowing how much he wanted to divulge to her just yet. Hermione couldn't help but chuckle. "I missed you, too. A few days ago I would have never imagined you talking like this." "I couldn't either," he replied with a laugh. "But here we are, love." "What were you going to say?" she asked, curiosity getting the best of her. Severus pulled back to look her in the eyes, but not putting any space between them. Even with the heels, she was a full head shorter than he was. He steeled himself, taking a moment to kiss her forehead, trying to get his thoughts together. "I never saw anyone else. I went out with two different women but it never went past a first meeting. I can't even call them dates because it felt so off." Hermione's eyes were saucers. "You never...you never slept with anyone?" He shook his head. "No. I thought perhaps something was wrong with me, to be honest." She surprised him by laughing. "Severus, I've only ever kissed Ron." The shock on his face made her laugh harder. "I wondered if I was a lesbian for awhile but women do nothing for me. I lied and told him I wanted to wait until marriage. But sometimes I would have dreams of you and I, and I would..." "Go ahead," he encouraged when she trailed off. "I would find my own release when I would wake up from certain dreams. Some days it was difficult to meet your eye in the hallways or at dinner." "Oh, Hermione," he sighed, kissing her briefly. "I was in the exact situation." A swell of emotions overtook her as memories continued to flicker in and out as he gently ran his fingers through her hair. She couldn't stop the next words that came out of her mouth even if she wanted to. "I love you." "And I love you," he replied instantly. They both look mildly surprised but it felt so right that they didn't question it. Severus pressed her closer, loving the feel of her head against his chest and her hair tickling his nose as he breathed her in. "What are you thinking about?" Hermione asked after an immeasurable amount of time. "If it would be terrible of me to ask for your hand in marriage whilst you are in a wedding dress." Hermione snorted. "Probably." "I believe I'll wait then," he said decidedly. "Not too long," she insisted. Severus smiled and kissed her hair. "I won't," he promised. "I've waited far too long for that." Hermione tightened her hold on him and closed her eyes. She knew in the next few hours she was going to have to mend the bridges that were surely on fire from her and Ron splitting up. It would look bad if Severus came into the picture so quickly but she honestly couldn't find a single part of herself that cared enough to keep their love quiet for long. She would have to be careful how she broached the subject with her family and friends, but as his scent filled her sinuses, she knew it would be so worth it. They had waited long enough and she knew without a single doubt that the only place she truly belonged was in his arms. But this time she was not planning on going anywhere. A/N – Please remember to review! One word or a million, I appreciate any and all feedback! Thanks so much for reading and have a great day!