talking about Dumbledore as they made their way down to the Slytherin Common Room. Albus let him talk, a thousand thoughts still whirring around his brain. "Albus, are you alright?" Scorpius asked worriedly, snapping Albus back to reality. He looked to see Scorpius looking at him concerned. "Scorpius. Did you really mean it?" Albus asked, pulling back a tapestry to take one of their shortcuts. "Mean what?" Scorpius asked, following Albus into the passageway. Albus stopped at the top of the narrow stone staircase and turned round to face Scorpius. "Did you really mean what you said to Dumbledore about me? About me being the best in the year at Defence and Potions?" Scorpius's expression softened and he placed both his hands on Albus's shoulders. "Of course I do, Albus." He said softly. "I would never lie about you. You're brilliant. You don't know how brilliant you really are. You really shine you know when you're in front of a cauldron or when we're practising defensive spells and you don't think anyone's watching. You're always expecting to fail every time and that's the depressing thing and I don't know how else to get it through your thick skull, but you are brilliant, Albus Severus Potter! Completely and utterly brilliant and don't you dare let anyone tell you otherwise." "But I'm no one special, Scorpius." Albus muttered, cheeks heating up due to Scorpius's intense gaze. "You are to me," Scorpius said simply. "You're my best mate and your friendship is far more important to me then how good you are with a wand which is very good in case you are wondering and that's me being honest and seeing you for who you are." "I'll never be as good as Dumbledore though." Albus muttered. "You don't have to be," Scorpius told him. "Dumbledore was one of a kind. You've already proven yourself to be better then everyone thinks you are. I mean Dumbledore's brilliant and all that, but I couldn't have been friends with him like I am with you. He was far too geeky for my liking which is saying something. But you're my favourite Albus." Albus felt his eyes tear up at Scorpius's words. He looked at Scorpius's face which was full of the honesty and sincerity that only he could have had. "Thanks." He said, pulling Scorpius in for a hug. Scorpius seemed taken aback at first, but then he melted into the hug. They stayed like that longer then they usually would. "I keep forgetting that we hug now," Scorpius mumbled into Albus's shoulder. "This brilliant new version of us. This is nice." Albus laughed into Scorpius's shoulder and hugged him tighter, feeling gratitude and affection to his best friend and hardly believing his good fortune of having Scorpius in his life. "You're my favourite Scorpius," Albus grinned into Scorpius's shoulder as Scorpius drummed his back. Scorpius dislocated from Albus and looked at him. A look of amusement and childlike wonder in his eyes. "I'm the only Scorpius you know!" He laughed and Albus grinned more broadly. "Well if there were a million Scorpius's, you'd still be my favourite." Albus said as they made their way down the spiral staircase. "So if there were a million Scorpius's and they were all better at Quidditch then me, I'd still be your favourite?" Scorpius asked as Albus helped him jump a trick step. "I hate Quidditch so yes, you'd still be my favourite." Albus replied. "Even if they were smarter then me and knew more history then I do?" Scorpius pressed him as they reached the bottom of the staircase and Albus pulled back the Tapestry concealing the passage way. "You know more History then my Aunt Hermione, so I don't see how that can be a problem," Albus replied as they hurried down the corridor. "But again, yes. You'd still be my favourite." "Even if they were braver then me and more popular?" Scorpius panted as they pushed open a heavy door. "Scorpius," Albus hissed, pulling him behind a suit of Armour as Peeves the Poltergeist whooshed passed, pelting Karl Jenkins and Polly Chapman with bits of chalk. "They could be perfect in every way and you'd still be my favourite Scorpius. I don't care about all that. You're my best mate. You were there for me when no one else was and no one can take that away from you. I like you for who you are. Puns and all." "You like my puns?" Scorpius chocked out looking gob smacked. "I like you for who you are." Albus said as they got out from behind the suit of armour. He quickly changed the subject. "So, what a day! Meeting Dumbledore's portrait." "Yes, what a day! I met Dumbledore's portrait, gave Harry Potter a Pepper Imp and Albus Severus Potter likes my puns!" Albus groaned. Clearly, Scorpius would not be persuaded that easily. "You know," Scorpius said thoughtfully as they reached the Entrance hall. "I think he was all white." "Wait," Albus said stopping on the marble Staircase. "What?" "He was all white, Albus. His beard was all white. Get it?" Albus groaned. "That's terrible," He said. "That's the worst pun in the history of pun making. "You know, he doesn't snore as loud as you do," Scorpius grinned as they continued down and made their way down to the Dungeons to their Common Room. "Maybe I should start calling you Albus Dumble snore !" "I'm putting my foot down. I am really putting my foot down, this time!" "But you like it!" Scorpius beamed as he gave a little skip. "I Know you do!" Albus laughed and Scorpius continued to tease Albus all the way to the Common Room with the two boys filling the passage way with laughter and Albus feeling happier then he did this morning. Thank you for reading. Writing Dumbledore was quite a challenge but I'm as happy as I can be with how it turned out. Scorpius was a joy to write.