bit taken aback. Harry waved his hand dismissively. "Sure." Hagrid and Harry ate their ice cream quickly, and continued on their trek through Diagon Alley, stopping off at a book store and an apothecary for school supplies. "Just yer wand left - oh yeah, an' I still haven't got yeh a birthday present." Harry felt himself go red. Well, that was a clear difference between Hagrid and the spoiled boy, after all. "You don't have to get me anything, Hagrid." "Nonsense!" Hagrid assured, and bought Harry a beautiful snowy owl. Harry was enchanted instantly. "You're beautiful, girl, right?" He looked to Hagrid for confirmation, who nodded. Then Harry glanced around and whispered, "you know I'm not a girl, but a boy, right?" The owl looked at Harry like he had just said something unbelievably stupid. Harry chose to take that as agreement. And now it was time for the magic wand - Harry could scarcely wait. The two walked into Ollivander's wand shop, which seemed unoccupied... at first. "Good afternoon," said a soft voice. An old man stepped out of the shadows, startling Harry completely. "Um, hello," said Harry awkwardly. "Ah yes, yes. I thought I'd be seeing you soon," said the man. "Harriet Potter." Harry sighed. Another one getting it wrong. "You have your father's eyes. It seems like only yesterday he was in here himself, buying his first wand. Eleven inches long, pliable, made of mahogany. A bit of power and an excellent wand for transfiguration." Mr. Ollivander moved closer, his eyes glinting a bit creepily. "Your mother, on the other hand, favored a willow wand. Ten and a quarter inches. Swishy. Nice for charm work. Well, I say your mother favored it - it's really the wand that chooses the wizard, or witch, of course." Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harry's forehead. "I'm sorry to say I sold the wand that did it," he said softly. "Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands... well if I'd known what that wand was going out into the world to do..." "So you also knew my parents?" Harry asked, trying to break the tension. It seemed that they had been quite the popular couple. "No, that's a rather strong wording," Ollivander corrected. "In fact, I never spoke to them after their wand selections. But that is quite normal for most people, I assure you. Usually I only see someone again if they need a new wand replacement." The wandmaker's eyes glinted as he looked Harry over. "Which of your parents do you think you take after? Your mother? You do look quite as I remember her as a young girl." Harry scowled. "No, I think I don't take after my mum in looks. I'm a boy, haven't you noticed?" He rolled his eyes in frustration. "What am I saying, nobody else has!" Ollivander raised an eyebrow. "I believe you are mistaken, Miss Potter," he said, emphasizing the "Miss". "You are a girl, of course. I think I can trust my own senses." "I am not a girl," Harry protested a bit loudly. "And you heard me say it then? Most people don't even seem to notice." "I wouldn't know anything about that," the wandmaker replied. "But as I said, you are wrong. You are not a boy, you are a girl." "You can't tell me what I am! I think I'd know!" Harry found himself getting very annoyed. Finally someone actually acknowledges that Harry keeps protesting being called a girl, and what - this old man telling him he's wrong? Ollivander stroked his chin thoughtfully. "Well, I suppose gender dysphoria is not entirely impossible. I have seen cases of it before, although quite rarely. I do not care to suffer such delusions, mind you. I will refer to by your proper gender nomenclature and pronouns, I assure you." Harry blinked in confusion. "I don't even know what gender... dysfunction? I don't even know what you said!" He glanced over at Hagrid, who looked utterly baffled. Well, no help there. "Gender dysphoria, not dysfunction. It means you have a mental defect where you mistakenly believe you are the opposite gender of what you actually are." Ollivander shook his head sadly. "Of course, I don't hold to just placating such nonsense. Children shouldn't be permitted to change their gender on a whim." Harry's eye twitched as he tried to control his temper. "Mr. Ollivander," Harry said very slowly and calmly. "Please just give me my blasted wand already. Thank you very much, sir ." That last bit was said just a touch incensed. Ollivander snorted, but complied, rummaging through a few boxes of wands. It took several false starts, but Harry finally found his wand. And the rush of exhilaration - he almost forgot about the severe annoyance Ollivander had been. "You all right, Harriet? Yer very quiet?" Harry sighed. How could he possibly explain to Hagrid? It had been the best day of his life - but also by far the weirdest. He was getting to study magic, but everyone mistakenly thought he was a girl. Even Ollivander, who at least understood Harry when he protested the mistaken gender identity, refused to believe that Harry WASN'T a girl. It was frustrating, to say the least. "Don't yeh worry yer pretty little head about it all," Hagrid said with a beaming smile. "Yer mum was raised by Muggles, too, right? And she was right brilliant at school. Everyone loved her. I'm sure yeh'll be loved by everyone too." Harry couldn't help but feel a bit better with that sentiment. "I hope I can live up to what everyone expects of me." "Ye'll be brilliant, Harriet. I'm sure of it." Hagrid said with utter confidence. Well what can you say to that? Next time... The Express and Hoggy Hoggy Hogwarts "WHAT?" Harry shrieked. "I am NOT a girl! I do NOT have pretty hair!" Ron held up his hands. "Sorry, Harriet, didn't mean to offend you."