of magic there is. If they picked me, I must be a wizard" Harry frowned. "What's a squib?" The other looked Harry up and down, his eyes drifting over the muggle clothing. "Are you the first magical in your family? A squib is a wizard-born person, but they can't use magic." Harry nodded slowly. He tried to think back to a time when he had used magic, but he had trouble remembering anything of the sort. He felt a sinking feeling in his stomach. What if there was a mistake? What if he really wasn't a wizard? The other boy seemed to pick up on Harry's dilemma and quickly spoke up. "Don't worry about that though. Like I said – if you got a letter from Hogwarts, you must be a wizard. My name is Neville by the way, Neville Longbottom." "Harry, Harry Potter." "No way!" The other boy looked up at Harry's scar before meeting his eyes once more. "I can't believe I didn't notice it earlier." Harry rubbed his scar. "It's just a scar. My aunt said I got it when I fell down the stairs as a toddler." Neville shook his head eagerly. "That can't be right. If you're Harry Potter, then you're the boy who lived. You're the one who beat You-Know-Who? You and your parents are heroes." Harry frowned. "My parents died in a car accident – what's so heroic about that? And who-do-I-know?" Nevile shoulders slumped, his smile slowly fading. "Maybe I made a mistake. Sorry about your parents. Gran keeps telling me I talk without thinking sometimes." Harry waved his hand. "Don't worry about it. Hey, maybe you're right. I'll see if I can find out more about my parents death." Madam Malkin finished with Neville's robes, and patted him on the shoulder. "All done, young Longbottom. Tell your grandmother I said hello." She pulled the robe off Neville's shoulders, careful not to disturb the pins. The boy smoothed the robe underneath with his hands. "I will send your set of robes by floo when they are ready. Don't worry about payment, I will put it on the Longbottom tab." Neville thanked Madam Malkin and walked towards Harry. "It was great to meet you; I hope we'll see each other on the train." The boy blushed before quickly adding "if you want to sit together, that is." Harry grinned back. "Of course, Neville. I don't know what you mean by the train, but we'll see each other again – if not there then at Hogwarts." Neville waved as he walked towards a granite fireplace off to the side of the gallery. He took a fistful of powder, spoke "Longbottom Manor", and vanished into the green flames. Harry waved after the boy and stepped up to Madam Malkin. "Hello young man, Hogwarts I presume?" she beamed at Harry. "Yes" "Just take a seat here and I'll have you all sorted out." The next fifteen minutes were a flurry of floating magical measuring tape, safety pins, and lengths of black fabric. Madam Malkin engaged Harry in small talk, although he had a difficult time understanding most of the references she made. What in the world were the Chudley Cannons? He mostly nodded at the lady, and she seemed content to talk at Harry as she worked. True to his word, professor Snape arrived just before Madam Malkin had finished. "That will be ten galleons for the full set of school robes. Where would you like them sent to?" Professor Snape spoke before Harry had a chance to answer. "Send them to 4 Privet Drive. There is no floo in the house, and it is in a muggle neighborhood, so you will have to be discreet with the shipping." Madam Malkin waved her hand. "I will have a courier drop them off." Harry dug into one of his pouches and fished out twenty golden coins, turning to the professor. "I take it these are galleons?" Professor Snape rubbed his face with his hand. "Yes Potter, those are galleons. After we leave the shop, you and I are going to have a talk about magical currency." The coins exchanged hands, and Harry and the professor walked out with a wave from Madam Malkin. The professor and Harry visited several other stores, although the boy didn't run into any other students. With Snape at his side, the visits were brief and streamlined – they paused only long enough to purchase the school supplies. The professor seemed to have the list memorized – and knew the right place to visit for the best deal. Harry wished he could have stuck around at Flourish and Botts for a few hours, but his escort seemed eager to keep things moving. "Last place we need to visit is Olivander's" the man said as they stepped back onto the street. Harry shifted the books under his arm. Nearly all his purchases were to be sent to his home, but he had managed to convince the professor to let him take a couple of his school books along with him. The man had been amused to learn that one of the books that caught Harry's eye was Magical Drafts and Potions. "What do they sell at Olivander's?" the boy asked. "Mainly wands." The professor replied. "Olivander is the finest wand-maker in all of Britain. His wands will set you back about one hundred galleons, but you are one of the privileged few that can afford it. What is to be seen is if you are worthy of carrying such a fine piece of work. While the wand doesn't make the wizard, it can certainly compensate for some deficiencies, and that may come in handy in your case." Harry frowned, but nothing the man said could faze him. He was about to get his very own wand! A/N: I have had some questions about the currency value in the world of Harry Potter Rising, so I've answered that question on my author profile page FAQ.