alone." Ginny sighed. "Locan's hanging off James's neck and Lysander's on one of his ankles. Everyone thinks it's funny." "That'll tire James out," Harry muttered. Albus issued a small snort. "Percy's still giving Rose advice," Ginny continued. "I'm going to have get Audrey to drag him away from her." "That'll be a sight to see," Harry snorted. "Is Lily alright?" He asked. "She won't leave Charlie alone," Ginny said. "She's not hanging off him but she wants to know what how all the Dragons are doing." "That'll keep her occupied for hours ," Harry said dryly, whilst nicking a sausage from Albus's plate. "Luna told me that the Twins want to go to New York." Ginny said. "They were saying that they wanted to set a Niffler lose there like their Great Grandfather did. Apparently Rolf was thinking about it." "I'll have a chat with Rolf." Harry muttered. They sat in a comfortable silence as Albus finished his food. After spending the evening not eating, it was a great relief for Albus and it was a nice feeling being able to sit with his parents without James or Lily barging in. "Well, I'm going to organise a little Quidditch game," Ginny said after a while. "Get everyone out of the Burrow for a bit and up in the air. Are you coming?" She asked Harry. "Nah," Harry sighed. "I'm too tired for Quidditch." "Oh I see," Ginny ginned slyly. "You're getting old." "Says the retired Chaser." Harry shot back. "You know, Rita Skeeter was asking me the other day if it's true if you're dying your hair," Ginny smirked. "She seems to think you're going grey." "Nonsense," Harry scoffed. "She's always saying that." "Mind you," Ginny winked. "I think I see a couple of strands of grey starting to poke through. How about you, Albus?" "Oh yeah," Albus grinned. "More than a couple. You're definitely going grey, Dad." Harry and Ginny both laughed and Albus felt surprised at his own daring: That was something that James was more likely to say. "Right," Ginny said briskly as she walked back to The Burrow with Albus's empty plate. "Quidditch." "Do you want a Butterbeer?" Harry asked after Ginny went inside. "I'd love one." Albus replied. Harry flicked his wand and two bottles of Butterbeer came zooming out from The Burrow. They drank in silence for a moment until Albus spoke. "Dad? Earlier you said that you went through what I was going through when you didn't get picked as a Prefect." "Yeah," Harry sighed. "I think, deep down that I expected the Badge and when Ron got it instead of me, I might've been jealous. I wasn't in a good mood when they had a party thrown for them but when Sirius said that my Dad wasn't Prefect that made me feel a lot better." Albus nodded, amazed and relieved at how easy things had become with his Dad. They sat silently drinking their Butterbeer until the backdoor opened and Rose came out looking very tired. "Hi Albus," She said cheerfully. "Hi Uncle Harry." "Hi Rose," Albus said a little stiffly. "Been enjoying the party?" Harry asked. "Uncle Percy was following me around all evening giving me all sorts of advice," Rose sighed. "You poor thing," Harry said dryly. Albus snorted but Rose smiled. "You should tell jokes more often, Uncle Harry." She said. "That was a lot funnier than any of my Dad's." "Don't encourage him." Albus said hastily. "Thanks but I don't want to upstage your Dad," Harry laughed. "You know how much he loves his jokes. You got away from Uncle Percy, then?" "Aunt Audrey gave him a Firewhiskey," Rose said, sitting down next to Albus. "Everyone else is getting ready to play Quidditch but I thought I'd sit out here. I've been meaning to sit with you all evening, Albus. But Uncle Percy wouldn't leave me alone and I knew you wouldn't want to spend the evening listening to him." "Thanks," Albus said. "Err…Congratulations, Rose." He added uncertainly. Rose smiled at him. "Thank you," She said gracefully. "Everyone's making such a fuss about it. Uncle Percy, Dominique and Molly have given me so much advice I don't think I'll be able to remember it all and that's saying something." Harry summoned her a Butterbeer and she took it and thanked him. On closer inspection, Albus thought that she looked rather solemn. Her brow was furrowed like it always is when she was nervous and she seemed to be thinking deeply. "You'll be fine, Rose." Albus said. "Just be yourself." Rose gave him a radiant smile. "That's the best advice I had all evening," She said, patting his arm. "No it wasn't," Albus muttered, his face turning red. "It was lousy." "I thought it was pretty good." Harry chipped in. "It was," Rose agreed. "Honestly Albus! You should have more faith in yourself. You're not as bad as you make yourself out to be." She seemed to return to her usual bossy self. Albus gave her a small, embarrassed smile. "It's a shame that you're not a Prefect though, Albus." Rose said. "It would've done you some good." "Nah. I've caused too much trouble." Albus muttered. Harry snorted. The backdoor opened and everyone filed out and made their way to the Orchard. James had Lorcan on his back and was racing Lysander. Lily was still chatting to Uncle Charlie. Uncle George and Fred were talking Beaters tactics whilst Aunt Angelina was giving Roxanne some Chasing tips. Ginny was assigning everybody to positions and for the first time this evening, Albus felt content. Neither of his parents had been Prefects and it seemed that he wasn't as invisible as he thought he was. He looked from Harry who seemed to be dozing off, to Rose who was swigging some Butterbeer and then to The Orchard where a number of Broomsticks were rising in the air and he grinned. Perhaps this evening wasn't so bad after all. Thank you for reading.