who was walking alongside the two from lunch. "She stayed awake, we fell asleep," Dean answered for her, and he tugged her over so that they wouldn't lose track of the other in the crowd heading for the Great Hall. "I don't think I like her hanging out with them," George grumbled when Fred and Lee caught up to him, since he had stood still outside the Great Hall. "Tone down the motherly presence George, she's fine with having friends, and I think they're decent beings, so she won't be alone when we're not there to accompany her," Fred said, shoving his brother inside the Great Hall, before making his way over to sit across from Hermione, though he had to scoot over for George and Lee. "I think we deserve something sweet for dinner, since you got through Potions with Snape and History of Magic with Binns," Lee announced, and then held out mint humbugs and licorice snaps. "I'm fine, I shouldn't be eating sweets anyway," Hermione said, even as Dean and Neville both reached for the licorice snaps, which definitely snapped at them, causing them to bite their tongues in pain while nursing their fingers. Good one Lee, George and Fred thought, before taking the bowl away so that Hermione wouldn't have a chance to grab for them (if she ever changed her mind about having sweets for dinner, that is). "Those won't bite us, would they?" Dean asked warily, as he hovered over the mint humbugs. "They're regular sweets, so no biting involved," Lee answered, and when the two grabbed a handful, he set it down beside George, and grinned. Dinner was spent enjoying the conversations around them, since Hermione was focused on eating rather than talking, so they didn't really have much to say. When Hermione mentioned she was going to go visit the library, Dean and Neville blanked out on her, before promising to see her in the morning. Fred, George, and Lee, on the other hand, promised to guide her to the library, before they too went back to the common room. After all, they all didn't like going to the library, even if there were books that might interest them, so Hermione found herself alone for the second time that day (and truth be told, she really liked it, so she made a note to herself that she would go to the library every day after dinner, just to be left alone). "Now, I wonder what creature you are..." Hermione muttered, lifting her hand up to her ear to feed her shiny little friend, and though there was no sign of anything, she couldn't help but wince at the prickle on her skin. Magical creatures... magical creatures... magical creatures... there it is! Hermione thought, and carefully took it out of it shelf, before opening it to check for the contents. Alas, there was no table of content, so she set to skimming through the book for the images that best resembled her shiny friend, and thankfully, each page had its own image, so she wouldn't be missing anything. "I really don't know what you are, because you don't seem to resemble any of these creatures," Hermione muttered, having reached the last page of the book. A titter sounded like a laugh, and Hermione sighed, putting the book back in its place. "You really are a curious wonder, where did you come from?" she asked, lifting her finger up to feed her friend. "I should name you since you seem keen on staying in my hair, what kind of name would you like?" she asked, walking back to the library's entrance, though she was quite a ways from it, since the section on magical creatures was far back. "Clarico, because you shine," Hermione mused, and she laughed when her friend tittered happily. Clarico, I like the name. Stopping, Hermione turned her head back, wondering if someone had been speaking to her even though she was the only occupant outside of the librarian. You silly girl, we formed a familial bond, of course you can hear me now , the voice said, and Hermione raised her hand to her ear, and when she felt a light weight rest upon her finger, she slowly moved her hand back to see her friend flutter her wings. "Clarico?" Hermione called out, unsure. Hermione , fluttered her friend, or familiar. "When did we..." she trailed off, before staring down at her finger where there seemed to be some sort of mark. You fed me with your magic, and bestowed me a name, completing our familial bond , Clarico answered, and she beat her wings with a smile. "...okay..." Hermione muttered, before lifting her hand back to her ear so that Clarico could rest in her hair, and she sighed heavily before leaving the library. "Just in time, dearest firstie, you nearly missed curfew!" Hermione tiredly greeted Fred and George after clambering in through the painting, and she headed up the stairs to her dorm, feeling as though today was the biggest shock in her life, beating out all those moments her peers bullied her with no consequences on their parts. "Good night!" Lee shouted from the common room, and he turned to the twins with a confused shrug. When Hermione fell face first into her pillow, she quietly mumbled an apology to Clarico, but there was no need for an apology since Clarico wasn't even hurt. Hermione, you need to change into night clothes, you cannot go to sleep with your day clothes on , Clarico berated, fluttering about Hermione's head, tugging on her hair. "Does it matter?" Hermione grumbled in response, still sprawled on her bedsheets. Yes, yes it does, now get up and change, and brush your teeth when you're done , Clarico ordered, and then fluttered back down to her spot when Hermione did as she said. When all was done, Hermione plopped into bed and curled into a ball, falling asleep as easily as one-two-three.