not playing with their Quidditch team anymore? And Neville gets so frightened of Slytherins sometimes. What will he think now that Harry's one? That's another thing, actually, a thing Harry can use to drive away the fear. "I'm not playing for the Slytherin team next year." "Neither will you be playing for the Gryffindor one," Snape says, and pauses and studies him again. Harry still tries to stand tall under it. "I will tell you this, Potter. I would question the wisdom of the Hat's decision, but you are a Parselmouth. You share our Founder's gift. There is a degree of reverence for that that you will find nowhere else. Give it a chance. No one here will hurt you." Harry is so incredulous he just stares at Snape with his mouth open. Snape doesn't even act like he notices. He turns around and says, "Ad astra." The door slides open the way it did when Ron and Harry were here Polyjuiced as Crabbe and Goyle, and Harry steps in. The whole of Slytherin House, or what looks like it, is in the middle of the common room, staring at him. Malfoy's off to one side, arms folded and looking stuffy. Snape must have told them about this before he got here, Harry thinks faintly, although he doesn't know how. Snape steps up behind him. He doesn't touch Harry—which is good, or Harry would have to run screaming—but he does loom there. "Mr. Potter is your Housemate now," he says. "You know what he is. You will treat him with the respect he merits." He says that like it's simple fact, and one of the Slytherin boys nods and moves forwards, holding his hand out. Harry looks at him hard. He has dark skin and dark hair and eyes, and at least he's not one of Malfoy's cronies. "Blaise Zabini," he introduces himself. Harry remembers the name just before he says it. Harry hesitates a long time. Accepting being Slytherin still feels like a betrayal of Ron. Zabini just goes on looking at him, and Malfoy huffs a little. It's the thought of proving Malfoy right—he probably told them all that Harry wouldn't take anyone's hand because he refused that git's—which finally makes Harry shake Zabini's hand. Zabini nods, and shifts out of the way, and two Slytherin girls Harry barely knows comes up. They introduce themselves as Tracey Davis and Daphne Greengrass, and then there's Theodore Nott, who Harry sort of knows, and a few Slytherin first-years, and Marcus Flint comes over and grunts something and half-crushes Harry's hand, and at least Harry knows him . There aren't as many others who are that forward, but at least they don't sound or look like they're about to beat him up. And Malfoy is scowling, which has to be a good thing. "I shall leave your new Housemate in your capable hands," Snape speaks up, and nods to them all before he departs. Harry swallows and lifts his chin. They're staring at him. They might respect him, enough not to immediately attack, but Harry has the feeling that he's going to have to earn whatever other respect they have. "Where am I sleeping?" he asks, and decides to keep all his questions blunt and simple, like that. Less chance for someone to taunt him or twist his words around. "Fancy not knowing that ." "Shut up, Malfoy," Zabini says, with the air of someone who says that every day, and almost startles a smile out of Harry. Zabini grins at him as if he saw it, and then waves Harry towards a silver spiral staircase that twists up one side of the room. "Second-year boys at the second floor from the top." Harry nods gravely and follows him. He can feel the stares do the same, and swallows a little. This is going to take some getting used to, and not even seeing his chest and Hedwig's cage at the end of a Slytherin bed really prepares him for it. "Hey, Potter." Harry glances over his shoulder. Zabini is the only one who's come into the bedroom with him—no surprise, the bedroom is heavy on green and silver—and he lingers near the door of what looks like a brightly-polished bathroom. "You're welcome here," Zabini says, and does this weird little bow thing that makes Harry feel more uncomfortable than not. "I mean it. Any Parselmouth would be, and I—I know what you did tonight and what it means." Does everyone know? Probably. Harry gives a smile he hopes is sincere. "Fine. But—please don't bow. I don't like it." Zabini stares at him, hard. Harry thinks he's going to get scolded for lack of manners or something, but instead, Zabini arches his eyebrows up a little and looks even more impressed. "Okay. I can see that. Want to use the loo?" Harry nods, and gathers up his toothbrush and pyjamas, and goes in. He studies his face in the bathroom mirror as he brushes his teeth. He's not the same person as he was, but from this angle, he can't see the Slytherin tie. By the time he comes out and gets into bed, Crabbe, Goyle, and Malfoy are there. They give him hostile glances, but Nott moves in between Harry's bed and theirs like it's an accident, and Harry pulls the green curtains shut. Harry lies there, and thinks about being at the bottom of the lake, and how the Hat didn't listen to anything he said, and how it wasn't his own choice that put him here, and maybe that means Dumbledore is wrong. But he also thinks about Ron, and the determined look on his face when he said Harry was still his friend. And he thinks about Hermione, who is awake, and Ginny, who is alive. Being in Slytherin won't change who I am, he thinks, and closes his eyes. I won't let it. And maybe that means this won't be so bad after all. The End.