by now. But we've been placing Confundus charms and Obliviating them for weeks to prevent that from happening. You Gryffindors aren't exactly discrete." Theo pointed out. "How did you even know we started our defense group?" Ginny asked. "Honestly Weaselette, we aren't complete cretins," Pansy rolled her eyes for what felt like the umpteenth time, "When we saw a group of Gryffindors crowding in an empty room at the back of Hogs Head, we knew we just had to eavesdrop." "With the ruckus you made getting in and out of the Hogs Head and even having your meetings in the Come and Go Room, it's like you were trying to get caught." Daphne added. "You need our help," Draco Malfoy stated, not as a question. He leaned against the window, and the pale skin of his forearm was illuminated by the moonlight when he crossed his arms. "We have eyes where you don't. We know things you don't. We've been studying the other side for our entire lives, Potter. We grew up with them. We know how they move, what they're thinking, what their plans are." Hermione gave him a blank stare, crossing her arms to mirror his position. "Even if we do let you into the Order, how do we ensure you won't switch sides again, or feed us the wrong information, or run away when you're scared?" There was a moment of silence while everyone contemplated the question. "We can take the Unbreakable Vow." Both the Slytherins and the Gryffindors turned to face Pansy Parkinson, who was staring at a speck of dust on the coffee table in front of her. "Are you insane? We can't–" "You can't be serious!" "Pansy, the Unbreakable Vow? That's–" "We didn't discuss taking the Vow!" "Why not?" She demanded, silencing all protests with a leveled glare. "We don't have a choice. I don't particularly want to run away, and I don't want to join the Death Eaters and play housewife to some old husband who abuses me like I'm another one of his victims. So if the Unbreakable Vow is what it takes for them to trust us, I'll do it. It's a small price to pay in comparison." Surprisingly, it was Ginny Weasley who looked at Pansy and announced, "You don't have to take the Unbreakable Vow," She paused and fidgeted anxiously, "We believe you." "How can you say that!" Her brother cried out, pointing at the group of Slytherins, "They made our lives miserable for years! Or have you forgotten everything because of one or two sad stories?" "Do you think this is easy for us, Weasley?" Draco Malfoy began dangerously, "We've planned this meeting for months, just deciding how to approach you without getting caught. Our families are hounding us to take the Dark Mark and we're doing everything we can to stall them. I haven't seen my own mother in almost a year because seeing her means going home and going home means my father is waiting to make my life miserable." "Why now, then? Why are you offering us your help now ?" Ron retorted. "You don't even like us! You called us blood traitors and Hermione a mudblood just yesterday!" "Look, we're not about to bloody get married to you and make flower crowns together." Pansy snapped, "And you obviously need our help. Just look at how unorganized you are." Harry looked affronted at this, and he was about to argue when Pansy cut him off with an irritated scowl. " Please , don't even try to argue, Potter. It took you over two minutes to notice we entered the room, and that was after I caught your attention my clearing my throat. Imagine if that had been a Death Eater. You'd all be dead by now. Do you know what can happen in not just two minutes, but even two seconds?" "My father can cast around twelve cruciatus curses in two minutes." Theo piped up, "Pansy's right." "How do you know that?" Hermione asked suspiciously. Theo shrugged, "He likes to practice his curses on me sometimes." Harry frowned, pushing his glasses on the bridge of his nose, "Let's say we let you fight alongside us. Other than protection, what do you want from the Order in return for your help?" "Why do you assume we want more?" Daphne asked. "You're Slytherins." "Fair enough." Daphne smiled. "We want full immunity. Any crimes we have committed thus far, any prejudices we have held, all the horrible things we have done–we want to be pardoned for it all. We want to start fresh." "Tabula Rasa." Hermione breathed. "You want a blank slate." "We're offering you a chance to win this war on a silver platter," Draco Malfoy smirked, "Take it or leave it." Harry Potter glanced at his friends, "I think we'll need to talk to the Order before we make any major decisions. And Dumbledore." The Slytherins all tried to hide their relieved expressions. At least it wasn't an outright rejection. Pansy leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes, crossing her legs atop the coffee table in an illusion of utter relaxation. "I would say take all the time you need, Potter, but we're kind of on a tight schedule here." She cracked open one eye and noticed them still staring at their feet, deep in thought. She pointed to the door, "Well, what are you waiting for? Get out of here! Go ask whoever you need to ask." "Right now?" Ginny raised an eyebrow, "It's almost curfew." "How do you expect to win the war if you can't even break a school curfew?" Pansy scoffed. She snapped her fingers, "I'm serious, Go!" "You're quite bossy, you know that?" Harry Potter grumbled as he reluctantly stood up from his seat and began walking towards the doors with his friends. "I think she'll get along with Hermione just fine." Ron grumbled, narrowly avoiding the slap Hermione aimed at his head. "See! You just proved my point!"