by the Ministry?" "It wasn't always," said Malfoy. "But it got in the way of their ideal of a meritocracy." Harry sighed a little. "I don't know what that means—Draco." Malfoy just nodded. "I know. I'm telling you the political ideals behind it. Magic drawn from ambient power can be performed by anyone. It just depends on enough practice with the wand movements and the incantations. Most weak wizards who know that kind of magic are weak because they never studied enough to learn many spells. But the Dark Arts come from inside you . Think about people with weaker wills, or who don't want to draw their own blood, or who have souls that are always wavering and indecisive. They can't do as much as people who are stern and committed and don't mind using blood for a purpose. The Ministry of centuries ago thought that was unfair to wizards who are weak of will." Harry grimaced and ate some more salad. He could totally see the Ministry doing that, really. "Okay. Then why are you here? What are Starlings?" "Starlings are birds that seem black at first, when you're looking at them from a distance," Malfoy said softly. "But come closer, and you see how iridescent their feathers are. Every time they move, new light shatters from them. We're the light in the darkness of ignorance, Harry. We keep the knowledge alive, and the Ministry uses us when they need to understand Dark Arts, or understand artifacts that were empowered by blood or a wizard's will, or need certain very specific actions performed that no one can know about. Or need someone taught." "If Dark magic isn't evil, why not teach it openly?" "It would be vulnerable to the same political objections as last time," Malfoy said calmly. "I don't mind keeping it silent and secret, as long as the Ministry doesn't try to stamp it out entirely." "You don't mind keeping it secret from Muggleborns, either." "They don't usually ask. And enough of them have apparently grown up with evil tales of imaginary witches spilling blood and wishing ill on their neighbors that they probably wouldn't want to learn it, anyway." Harry held back his objections, and crunched through at least half the salad before he asked another question. Malfoy lounged back, waving his hand to get the plate to float to the kitchen when he was done. Harry finally gave in and asked, "So I have to learn it instead of just learn about it—why?" "So you can feel it when it's in progress. Someone who knows Dark Arts feels the difference between it and ambient magic when it's being performed." "Look, I had no way of knowing there wasn't some evil magic going on at that ritual! Not only did they have a woman bound and bleeding on an altar—" "It would have been her blood, her choice." "They had fires burning all around them. That sounds like ambient magic to me . Unless you're going to say that they were burning their hair or something." "It's likely." Malfoy shrugged when Harry stared at him. "If you don't want answers, you shouldn't ask the questions, Harry. And the people who practice Dark Arts do sometimes use the trappings of ambient magic, you know, including elements like fire. The difference is that it plays a purely symbolic role in Dark magic. It's there to influence the perceptions of the person performing the ritual. It's secondary, a prop." Harry groaned and shut his eyes. "I'm never going to figure this out." "Let me teach you a piece of Dark magic, and then you'll know." Malfoy had suddenly surged forwards as if he was about to rise from the chair, his eyes pinning Harry to his own seat. Harry paused in the act of drawing his wand, and grimaced again. This was what he was here for. "All right." Malfoy smiled and drew a small silver dagger from his robe's belt. "Let me cut your palm," he whispered. "Think of the way that you're giving the blood freely, that you're doing this of your own free will." Harry wanted to object to that, but it seemed pointless. He swallowed and nodded. Then he watched Malfoy slice a small line across his palm. The blood that danced across his hand felt different. It tingled and prickled the way his skin had when Malfoy said his first name earlier. Harry met Malfoy's eyes and wanted to back away from the burning intensity there. "Think about what you want the blood to accomplish," Malfoy commanded. Harry shut his eyes. He could only think of one thing. "All right," he said. "Touch the object—or the person—that will bring about your desires." Harry leaned carefully past Malfoy, so he wouldn't touch him, and rubbed his bloodied hand across the table. The blood flared for a second, with the same twinkling stars that were lost in the darkness of Malfoy's robes, and then the light died. Malfoy clucked his tongue. "You have to want this, Harry. I know you can break the Imperius Curse. You have more than enough will. Do it ." Harry clenched his teeth and pressed his hand down harder, making more blood flow. It was hard not to envision Malfoy flying across the room or something, but that probably wouldn't work if his will and blood ruled the whole space. Instead, there was a click and Malfoy said, "It worked. You're going to be good at this, Harry." Harry opened his eyes and blinked. The crystal had arisen from the wooden table in front of him. Just as he'd willed. He lifted his hand and stared at it. He'd done that with nothing more than a bit of blood, and a bit of will. "Oh, yes," Malfoy said softly, from a distance that was at once far away and too close. Harry turned to him and licked his lips at the burn in Malfoy's eyes. "Not even good. Great ."