starting Hogwarts this year." Mr. Malfoy said. He somehow managed to sound appreciative yet superior all at the same time. "This is my daughter, Selene. She will be starting this year as well." Frederick gestured toward Selene, who gave a slight bow of her head, smiled and made a few quick signs. "She says it is a pleasure to meet you Lord Malfoy and Draco." Frederick translated swiftly. "Indeed." Mr. Malfoy said, his face looked somewhat pinched. He studied Selene for a moment before turning back towards her father. "It's surprising to me that you would allow such a…precious…daughter to go to Hogwarts. Surely some other school might be a better fit?" he drawled. Selene made sure to keep her face a mix of boredom and polite smiling, even though on the inside she was outraged. Mr. Malfoy continued as if he was talking about something as bland as the weather "I originally wanted to send Draco to Durmstrang but Lady Malfoy could not bear it if he was so far away. I suppose you wouldn't have to worry about dealing with a mother's instincts though." He tossed some Galleons on the counter and grabbed the eagle owl's cage. "Say goodbye to the Connelly's, Draco." He strolled out of the shop without a backwards glance. Draco, the pale, pointy faced boy who had been looking at Selene with a curious expression said, "Maybe I will see you at school? Goodbye, Mr. Connelly." and then rushed out after his father. Frederick let out a slow breath, waving in response to the shopkeeper asking if they needed any help. He looked at Selene and raised one eyebrow, silently asking if she was alright. She nodded and then began to look around the shop. There were owls of all shapes and sizes, several small elf owls, a few large eagle owls, and even one gorgeous snowy owl. She continued to make her way around the shop, studying the different types of owls carefully. A loud screech combined with a whistle came from a back corner, drawing her attention. A single cage set slightly apart from the others with a sign reading I BITE . In the cage was a larger than usual barn owl. When it noticed her approach it shuffled forward, raising its wings and bobbing its head. It let out an almost continuous hiss, doing its best to look menacing. "Be careful miss, that one has a temper." The shopkeeper called. Selene took another step towards the cage and smiled. The barn owl hissed some more, flapping its' wings, and then screeched. Selene tilted her head and put a few fingers into the cage. She smiled reassuringly and kept her gaze locked with the owl. The owl shrieked and darted forward as if to bite but Selene didn't move. This seemed to confuse the owl, who immediately stopped hissing and tiled its head one way and then the other (as if looking at the situation upside down would make more sense). After a short time it gave a small chirrup and bowed its head, allowing Selene to pet it. Selene smiled and looked back at her father. "We will take that one." Frederick said to the stunned shopkeeper. "The cage, some feed and treats, and any other supplies you might recommend as well, please." "You don't even pay me for that bird. Hatched him myself and he has never taken to anyone like that, including me! He is meant to go with that little lady. Just pay me for the rest and take that pesky bird out of here." The shopkeeper said, still looking stunned. A short time and a wild ride on the Knight bus later, the Connellys breathed a sigh of relief to be standing outside the gate to their estate. The newly named "Heckle" ruffled his feathers and nipped at the bars to his cage, clearly anxious to be freed after such a harrowing ride. Frederick laughed, "Well, go show him where he can stay in the barn and introduce him to Zooby and my owl Bubo. Then come wash up for dinner. You can pack your trunk properly later." Selene nodded, sat Heckle's cage down and opened the latch. Heckle took the sky with a victorious screech, circling overhead while he waited for his new mistress. Selene turned, hugged her father close, and then whispered "Thank you." She gathered her skirts and started running towards the barn. Heckle began darting and diving around her and Selene laughed with joy. Frederick smiled a soft, slightly sad smile at Tinsel who had appeared to take the packages to Selene's room. "Tinsel is happy to hear Young Miss laugh. Master and Young Miss must have had a good day." she said softly, then vanished with the packages with a simple snap of her fingers. Frederick walking into the house, shedding the more "itchy" layers of clothing as he went. In his private study, he poured himself a shot of firewhiskey and sat in the chair behind his desk. On the corner of this desk was another picture of Kelly. In this one she was curled up on a couch in front of a fire, reading a book. She would look up every so often and smile before continuing her reading. "She laughed and even talked to me a little today, Kelly." Frederick whispered. "Even after all the stress of the day and Malfoy insulting her, she still felt good enough to laugh out loud and whisper to me. It's so rare to hear even that much from her." tears fell from his eyes and he took a bracing sip of the firewhiskey. "Maybe her going to Hogwarts will be a really good thing. Maybe it can help her heal in a way I couldn't. Maybe making friends will let her laugh more. Even if she still never speaks in public…if this can make her relaxed and happy enough at home…I will do everything in my power to make it work."