naked except for his collar and chain and ring, had never known eyes could hit him so hard. He flushed, and held his chin up. He didn't have to distrust Draco. Draco would treat him as he deserved to be treated. As Draco stepped up to him and rested a hand beneath his chin, Harry realized, with a sudden, soft ache inside him, that that was the first time he had ever really acknowledged how, exactly, he deserved to be treated. He no longer thought, with a buried corner of his brain, that he somehow deserved to be bullied or made fun of in the papers or taunted. Draco had cured that. Draco opened his mouth. Harry didn't know what he was about to say, and he didn't really care. He leaned forwards and kissed Draco hard enough to make him almost fall. Draco clamped his hands on Harry's shoulders and held him upright. Harry moved his lips downwards, from Draco's mouth to his chin. Then he bent so that he was kissing Draco's chest, and his own softly cold chain brushed against Draco's skin. "You're so beautiful." Draco's voice was thick, wavering. Harry smiled up at him and dropped to his knees. To his surprise, Draco yanked him back to his feet with a touch on the collar. "Not tonight," Draco said. "We did that. It was wonderful. But I want to do something else. Lie down on the bed and clasp your hands behind your neck." Harry did, wonder wandering through him, his cock stirring even though it was already as hard as it could be. Draco smiled at him and braced his arms on either side of Harry's body. He looked at him again, in a leisurely way, from his eyes down to his nipples and his chain. Harry stayed still. Then Draco began to play with him. It was so light and delicate that Harry didn't know if he would have felt it if he wasn't looking down. Draco skimmed his ribs, outlined his hips, found his way to Harry's collarbone and blew across it. Harry shuddered and lifted his cock towards Draco. Draco ignored that, and only smiled. The desire in that smile made Harry glad he was lying down. Draco bent over and kissed him, once, and then settled fully on top of him, sliding a pillow beneath his arse with solicitous murmurs, conjuring lube with the wand Harry hadn't even realized he was still holding. Most of the time, Harry wouldn't have been able to help noticing that wand, given his Auror training. Now, he leaned further back into the pillows and reveled in the golden feeling percolating through him. He had nothing to worry about. Draco was going to treat him well. He was going to love him. And now that they were married… Harry might be bound by the vows that Narcissa didn't think he was man enough to withstand, but Draco was bound, too. He had told Harry that no Malfoy had ever divorced a spouse. And that was enough for Harry to relax. Someone was with him for always. Draco used his fingers in the way he had used his hands on Harry's body already, playing with him as if he was fragile, then as if he was ticklish, and finally—after Harry made a few breathless threats—working his fingers in where Harry wanted them. Then he slipped slowly inside Harry's body. Harry reached up with a sigh and clutched his arms. "Ready?" Draco whispered. "You have no idea." "I might, by what's shining in your eyes." But Draco didn't speak again, instead settling into a steady flow of rocking and shifting motions, inside Harry as if he had never wanted to be anywhere else. Harry knew he had to blink sometimes—Harry did, after all—but it really did seem as if he was staring at Harry the whole time, without glancing away. The moment arrived when Harry knew he would have to come, but he regretted it, knowing that Draco hadn't yet. But even as his hips tensed and lifted, and a whimpering breath escaped his lips, Draco leaned forwards and exhaled harshly. Harry stroked his face and murmured encouragement. Draco ended up coming just a second after he did. Afterwards, Draco collapsed down and lay beside him, cleaning them both up with a wave of his wand. Harry didn't mind the slight sting of the charm on his skin. He stretched alongside Draco and half-closed his eyes. He felt just tired enough to drift in that warm moment that happened in the mornings when he knew he didn't have to wake up in order to go to work quite yet. "I can take them off if you want." Harry sighed and forced his eyes open, because of course Draco would jolt him out of that moment just when he was getting comfortable. But he saw Draco's hand resting on the chain, his fingers pointing at the collar, and he shook his head. "But you don't have to wear them anymore," Draco said, staring at Harry as if he thought he had gone mad. "I mean, they were symbols of your submission during the courtship rites, but we don't have to have that kind of relationship now." "And why wouldn't I want to wear an emergency Portkey and a symbol of how much you love me?" Harry asked, and arched his eyebrows pointedly. "The only thing I'm going to ask is that you adjust the bond through the chain so that we can both feel each other's emotions." Draco blinked and stared, and then leaned down to kiss him hard enough to split his lip. When he murmured condolences for the broken skin and tried to make up for it, though, Harry just laughed. "You'll have the rest of our lives to make up for it." And Draco fell asleep with a hand splayed over his belly, and Harry with the certainty that he was understood. And loved. The End.