on muggles? How about we all – you, Blaise, and I, that is - meet in Diagon Alley on August 13th? We can catch up and just plot a little. Cheers, Theo." Blaise's letter was somewhat similar, though Blaise wrote that he had already agreed to meeting on August 13th. Harry wondered if he should tell his friends, that he was really not just a second best Potter but heir to the Ancient House of Black, but in the end decided against it. It would not do for somebody to know anything before he took his family seat on the Wizengamot – no need for there to be prepared parties. Harry was going to enter the wizarding parliament on his own terms. He did of course read everything there was on the Unforgivables in that book he bought in Schwarz&Schwarz, but he dared not use them. In all honesty, Harry didn't like two of the three unforgivables. Harry didn't really like killing, for him it was just another tool. When everything else fails, use death, but he couldn't bring himself to wish death onto somebody for the sake of killing them. Righteous anger wouldn't work, that much was written in the book. The same could be said about the Cruciatus curse. It was so barbaric. Why would Harry need to torture one for the sake of torturing someone? If he ever wanted information out of somebody's unwilling mouth, he would just use Veritaserum or Legilimency, when he learned it. The Imperius curse, though – that was a useful spell in Harry's book. Taking control of anyone. The possibilities! What was important, he did have very strong desire to control, so he expected this particular Unforgivable be exceptionally strong when cast by himself. Practicing it, though, was out of the question. The Ministry no doubt had many monitoring devices in that fancy dungeon of theirs that are always looking out for the Unforgivables. Harry sighed' he would have to wait until Hogwarts started. On the brighter note, Harry had read all three books he had bought in Knockturm Alley, and he really liked Dark creatures, especially Dementors. These creatures actually sucked all happiness from their surroundings and instilled pure fear into the hearts of those unfortunate enough to be in their immediate vicinity. And, of course, one would like to know about the creature that had helped to create his wand. Compulsion charms were also a gold mine. Harry grinned. Until this summer he had only known the most basic compulsion charm, one that was very easy to detect and wore out very quickly. Now though, there were ten compulsion charms in his arsenal, many of them for different occasions and circumstances. Harry could even create a compulsion carcass around a human. That would allow him to dictate the very basics of his victim's personality. The spell was draining and rather difficult to use, but it was well worth it. Harry actually created compulsion carcasses around his aunt, uncle and cousin. He made them nice citizens, who took part in different charities and didn't like but respected their nephew. Each time he remembered how much of a success that had been, Harry would laugh. One of the best parts about this carcass was the fact that it was just that – a carcass. It didn't conflict with other compulsion charms, it integrated them into itself, changing their program in a way that would suit the carcass's program. And it was more or less permanent. Here you go – a legal version of the Imperius curse. Not everything was so good, however. These idiots Dursleys told everyone who would listen, that Harry went to some ridiculous school for young criminals. Well, when Harry learned about it, he made his relatives go and tell everybody who would listen that they lied and Harry actually went to a private school in Scotland. The Dursleys' reputation in the neighborhood was in ruins, while Harry was actually made into a martyr. Of course, there were some people, who were suspicious, but they provided very good practice dummies for Harry's compulsion charms. Yes, compulsion charms were definitely a success! After mastering compulsion charms, Harry started reading the books on Charms that Flitwick gave him. They were actually quite interesting. This time there was not only theory, but some new spells, which Harry used. There were also some tips on silent spellcasting. Right now, Harry was trying to create a dicta-quill. It was fourth year material, but it wasn't all that hard, however. Harry didn't get the spell yet, but he was pretty sure that he was close. Occlumency was progressing nicely. Harry noticed that the necklace he bought was calming him. It helped him center himself and form his core. To Harry's great shock, he even managed to make the core transparent, ethereal, and now he was working on making the limbo of unimportant memories more substantial and more noticeable. Suddenly Harry was yanked from his mindscape rather violently. He opened is eyes and groaned. Being forcefully pulled from one's mindscape is never pleasant. He looked around the room, hoping to find the source of current problem. To his surprise, his trunk was shaking. Harry took his untraceable wand and cautiously opened the trunk. One of the compartments was glowing. Harry looked inside. The source of the glow was the book on the elementals. The snowflake on its cover were shining sky-blue. Harry opened the book and was pleasantly surprised. It had new entries. Contents: 1. History of ice elementals and Castle Polaris 2. Ice Occlumency 3. Taking control of one's abilities, easiest techniques (Next is some gibberish) Harry anxiously turned the pages back to introduction. To his disappointment, the sentence after the introduction by one of the masters of Castle Polaris was still gibberish. Apparently his Occlumency still wasn't good enough. "Damn." Harry swore. He sighed. "Oh well, I still have three chapters to read." With that thought, Harry turned the page with a splitting grin.