now he thought he knew why. That had been an illustration of a snake getting ready to hatch, although for some reason whoever made it hadn't carved the egg. What kind of snake? Harry would have guessed Ashwinders, but he knew they didn't live very long, and-well, that was all he knew about them, really. He shifted his weight and did some more staring. But all along, he knew what he was going to do. It was stupid to come this far and then be too scared to do anything else. In the end, he reached out and laid his wand against the egg and whispered, " Diffindo ." The egg shimmered for a second, as though lit from the inside. Then the shell cracked with his Severing Charm, and a whole bunch of stuff came pouring out of it. Harry leaped back, his nose wrinkling. He supposed it was egg yolk, but it was even worse than the slime in the tunnel leading to the Chamber his first year. It got on his boots and on his sleeve, and it was a reddish-yellow sort of like the fire, and it smelled. It smelled like rotten eggs. That makes sense. But it didn't make it any less disgusting. Harry stared at the crack in the egg when he was done, aware that the calls for help in Parseltongue had stopped. There was silence for a long, long second. Harry bit his lip. He hoped he hadn't cut the side of the snake that was trying to call for help with his Severing Charm. But then there was movement, and the snake came slithering out of the egg and slowly unfolded itself, with a long, shuddering stretch that reminded Harry of how he himself would wake up after a nap. Harry stared at its dark green scales and caught a glimpse of its yellow eyes and immediately rolled back, yelping. About sixteen things went through his head in one second- that's a baby basilisk!, I thought you didn't get basilisk eggs and they just hatched under a toad, why aren't I dead right now?, what's it doing down here?, why am I still alive? The thoughts stormed through his head until the last one became the most important one. Harry stood up and stared at the floor, trying to watch the basilisk out of the corner of his eye. But something else was happening. Something was sort of popping up at the corner of his mind, rippling along with his thoughts, almost tickling him. Harry shook his head, and then shook his head again. He had to keep an eye on the basilisk, and he had to get out of there, and he had to figure out what was going on in his head, and he didn't know how to do all of those at once. But then the basilisk stirred again, while keeping its head aimed carefully away from him, and Harry heard a delighted voice in his head. Mine? Mine! Harry stared with his mouth open. The basilisk turned its head slowly towards him, thick clear eyelids pressed into place over the eyes. Harry realized that he could still see a dim yellow glow from beneath those eyelids, but not the actual killing stare, and the basilisk could apparently see him, too. My bond, said the basilisk. It was about five feet long. No, he was five feet long, Harry understood abruptly. There was a slick red line down the center of the basilisk's head that might have been a crushed plume still held flat by the yolk slime. The basilisk wriggled energetically towards Harry and twined around his legs. Mine! You helped me. So you're mine. Harry just stared some more, and then said helplessly, "You just hatched. How can you know anything about that? What's your name?" Your name's Harry! This is mine. For a second, Harry thought he was once again talking about whatever mysterious thing he had already mentioned, but then images began to pour through his head, and he understood them in the same way that he had understood the basilisk was male. The images featured running four-legged things, and flying things, and scurrying spiders, and running humans, and a basilisk following behind them all as fast as this young one. Dignity was for older snakes. Other snakes, maybe. Your name is—Run? Harry hazarded slowly. But that didn't seem right. The basilisk sent another image of himself curling around and flowing back like living water over himself, and Harry caught it better this time. Your name is Dash? The basilisk sounded as delighted as before. That is the right human word! I like your name. And your language. I wish I could speak it. But at least you can speak to me aloud, too, in my language. And we can think to each other! That had to be what the tickle and the voice in Harry's head was, this thinking to each other. But Harry still shook his head and didn't understand. I'm not the Heir of Slytherin. How can I command you? No one commands anybody! Dash sent through the bond like a flick of his tail against Harry's back. He was twining slowly up Harry's body now, incredibly heavy, although he kept shifting his coils so that he could balance better and Harry could bear the weight better. Maybe being in Harry's head let him know how he should do that. You're my human. I'm your basilisk. We are bonded. That's how it is. Harry still didn't know what was going on, how he had landed here, or how there could be a basilisk egg here—or a row of them—without someone had to hatch a chicken egg beneath a toad and bring the basilisk to life. But he did understand one thing. I am in so much fucking trouble. Then just bring me to them, and I'll bite them, Dash offered at once. Then I can eat them. I'm hungry. Where's breakfast?