got concerned enough to break into his flat, and the Ministry had started thinking of his disappearance as the flight of a fugitive rather than a kidnapping. Potter's life up to the moment of his disappearance seemed rather normal for someone honored and feted by the wizarding world. Invitations, charity work, some Auror training that Potter hadn't completed. But he had gone through enough classes on Stealth and Tracking to make it inconvenient to stalk him, Draco thought. That would be one reason they'd given this chase to Draco. Draco settled slowly back in his chair and read the file again. Sometimes, that helped. That way, he had picked up on more than one clue that someone else had missed, unforgivably when it was staring them that openly in the face. And then he found it. A line that made him sit up and stare. Then he went back and picked up another line, and another. He didn't write them down on parchment, but linked them together like a string of pearls in his mind, until he had a complete necklace that would be another ornament to the grace of his intelligence. Harry Potter did tell his friends that he felt lonely without his soulmate…He let them know that he was intending to search for his soulmate, according to Hermione Granger…He had more than once told his friends that he envied their close and constant bond, Ron Weasley recalled…Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger had discovered their matching soul-marks, the two halves of a crossed book and broom, at age eleven…Sometimes Potter remarked that he wondered what would have happened if he had gone to Healers and insisted that they take a close look at his curse scar from You-Know-Who…Granger remembers Potter coming to her house drunk one night a fortnight before he vanished, sobbing and saying that he wished one could choose whose soulmate one was…George Weasley noted a request Potter had made for "stones," and remembers seeing a book on earth magic under his arm… Draco nodded slowly. It was the sort of clue that would have been no use to any other Aurors even if they had noticed them, the same way most of them wouldn't have known what to do with the clue of the candles forming a spiral in Potter's flat. They hadn't studied enough obscure branches of magic to apply them to this case. But Draco had. And he knew there was an ancient ritual one could perform, not to destroy the soul-mark, but to actually change one's soulmate. It was Dark magic, of course. Interfering with someone else's soul-mark—even in the most "harmless" rendition, which changed the mark of an unborn infant and made them into the soulmate for the caster at birth—always was. Draco was almost certain, now, that Potter had discovered his soul-mark tied him to someone he hated. Perhaps even, although Draco barely let his mind explore the edges of the delicious possibility, the deceased Dark Lord. Softly, Draco touched the back of his left arm, and the soul-mark there that the fading Dark Mark almost obscured. It was half a flower, not so different from the image conjured by the smoke earlier that day in Potter's flat. If Potter had done the sensible thing and taken Draco's hand that day on the train, then perhaps he wouldn't have taken this idea about soulmates to extremes. Slytherin was full of people who were unhappy with their soulmates, who didn't marry them or even sleep with them, who turned away from them to carry on the legacy of their families. But instead, Potter had come up through Gryffindor, and seen his two best friends discover their soulmates in each other in his first year, and—from what little attention Draco had deigned to pay to gossip after he left Hogwarts—most of the other people in his House eventually do the same. Weasley's parents were also soulmated, Draco was fairly sure. What Potter's Muggle relatives had been like no one knew for sure, but it didn't matter, since Muggles didn't have soul-marks to begin with. Potter, surrounded by pictures of sickening soulmate romance, without a good dose of reality to balance it, would have believed there was something wrong with him if he didn't find his soulmate right away. Because he didn't have a visible mark. Because he might have turned out to be mated to someone he didn't want to be tied to. So, instead of simply accepting that and working around it, trying to find romance somewhere else, he'd gone stampeding off into the wilderness to mess with ancient earth magic and get his chance at love. Draco snorted. No one had ever told Potter, apparently, that some soulmates were born decades apart and one might be dead before the other ever reached a conscious age; that others were enemies and never overcame that; that some men had a male soulmate when they couldn't bring themselves to sleep with men, and the same for women; that sometimes soulmates could be friends instead of throwing themselves into a great passionate affair to shine down the ages. And other times, there were more important things to one or both of those people than engaging in any kind of affair. Draco knew very well who bore his soul-mark. He also knew that he was never going to approach her, because he disliked her and she would have been a liability. Maybe I can be the one to introduce Potter to the truth. Right after I arrest him for tampering with forbidden magic, of course. And find him. Draco smiled a little. That would be a bit difficult, but only a bit. The ritual needed a special place as well as special kinds of spells and props. Perhaps three sites in Britain and a few in Scotland and Wales qualified. Draco would find Potter, and get to have an entertaining conversation or two before he brought him in. Yes, this is an interesting case after all.