and looked to the goblins. The King looked at him with a thoughtful expression, "I was thinking that you may need to take the head of House for both Gryffindor so that you can take charge of Hogwarts to make changes now to help prevent your future." "I would probably agree with you. In my time at Hogwarts, it wasn't very nice. The staff let the purebloods get away with all kind of things. The insults that should have been given punishment were over looked because Dumbledore wanted to give the Death Eaters a second chance, but he would give them more than a second chance. I really think he secretly wanted the pureblood to be the leaders for his 'The Greater Good' bullshit" Harry said. "We need to curtail his influence by starting with the attitude in Hogwarts. With you possessing two of the four founders Head of House, you can make a difference" Ragnok said while getting nods from both Harry and Scrolltweak. So Harry went through the rites to become the Head of House of Gryffindor. Harry felt the pull of magic from the two founders rings to take control of the school. He had to let them know that he will take over the school but it will have to wait for September which mollified the rings. After refocusing on the goblins in the room, they started to go through the files to see what he controls. Scrolltweak stacked the file up and with a tap of his claw and a push of his magic and a scroll of parchment appeared on top of the stack. Under rolling the scroll they saw the sum of the stack. The scroll read as … Summery of the Head of House for Harry James Potter Head of House for Merlin: Vault Number: Merlin Value: 2,405,982G Property: Merlin's Keep Investments: None Businesses: None Head of House for Eveningshade: Vault Number: Shade Value: 7,982,987G Property: Shadow's Keep with 3000 acres of farmland Investments: Apothecary Businesses: None Head of House for Gryffindor: Vault Number: 1 Value: 13,902,467G Property: 25% of Hogwarts and Hogsmeade Gryffindor Castle/Hogwarts Investments: None Businesses: Rental Property in Hogsmeade Head of House for Slytherin: Vault Number: 4 Value: 11,473,952G Property: 25% of Hogwarts and Hogsmeade Snakes Nest Investments: None Businesses: Rental Property in Hogsmeade Summary of Assists Gold: 35,765,388 Property: 10,367,697 Monthly Income: 228G After going through the scroll, it was decided that they would meet tomorrow to start the parchment work to make Harry the ambassador to the Wizarding World. Scrolltweak supplied Harry with new identification under the name of Harrison Evan Eveningshade and he was given a money bag connected to his vaults. Besides Harry needed to get some things in the Alley so he said farewell to Ragnok and Scrolltweak. Dame That Hurt Harry walked out into Diagon Alley and headed for Madam Malkin's Robes for all Occasions for a full wardrobe. As he walked in the store he ran into a young woman and knocked her down. He reached down to help her up when he was entranced by her violet eyes. "I'm so sorry. I wasn't watching where I was going. Please accept my apologies. May I introduce my self, my name is Harrison Eveningshade" Harry said as he reached down to help her up. "No, I was running around looking at the new styles and not watching where I was going. Uh, did you say Eveningshade!" she asked. "Why yes I did" he replied with a smile. "But I thought that the clan had been wiped out years ago" she let the comment hang. "Yeah, I heard that to, I was just named the Head of House for the clan as you called it" he said as he looked around the shop and found two younger girls in 2nd and 4th years with a tall stately woman whom was probably their mother. "It is very nice to meet you, even though I don't know your name" he smiled. "Oh where are my manners, I'm Bellatrix Black and please don't tell my mother, she would beat me black and blue" she whispered the last part. At that moment one of the shop clerks arrived. "Is there something I can help you with sir?" she asked while looking between the two standing close together. "Yes, I am in need of a full wardrobe with my clans" here he winked at Bellatrix "crest. I will need everything from every day wear to formal. You may need some help. I would like the items in dark red, dark green, black and royal blue if you please" he listed off to the clerk. "Right away sir, which clan do you belong to" she asked while leading him to the men's section. "That would be Eveningshade" he said as the clerk walked into a rack of clothes tripping and falling to the floor. "I must be a jinx today, that's two women who have fallen over due to my being near" he said as he chuckled while helping the clerk up. "I'm so sorry sir. I'm just so clumsy today. You would like the Eveningshade crest on your robes? Anything else while I'm thinking about it" she asked. "Now that you asked, I would also like the smaller crest of Merlin on the sleeve as they are my junior house" he said taking all by surprise. Bellatrix stayed with Harry the entire time he was getting his wardrobe. Make suggestions on color and style of clothing. She even picked out his ties. He explained that he was the new ambassador in the Ministry of Magic assigned by the goblins. He was also going to take up his seats in the Wizengamot. By the time he had his wardrobe completed he had a date with Bellatrix to have dinner at her house with the family. He still needed to get quite a few things so he said goodbye to the Black ladies and was on his way. Dame That Hurt