started trying the buttons before him. Lily saw the professor studiously pressing each button and waiting to observe the reaction of the vehicle. Five minutes later, the car was still immobile. "Professor you need to plug in and turn the key" Lily said letting out a giggle. Severus rolled his eyes angrily. "Excellent Lily." said Dumbledore happily. He turned the key and the car roared alive. "Thank Merlin" said Severus. "Now you need to release the handbrake..." Soon enough, after a few further suggestions by Lily, the car was on the road and Dumbledore was trying his best to keep the engine on while driving slowly. "Professor, where is the portkey?" asked Severus. "We are sitting on it Severus" said Dumbledore as he took a right turn. The children exchanged glances. They now entered a quiet alleyway leading to a deserted garage. The bus entered the garage. Dumbledore drew his wand and with a flick, the garage door shut behind them. "Just in time" he said. The children looked around. Few moments later, the whole bus started glowing blue. A bright flash of light emerged from around them and the passengers of the bus felt an abrupt tug behind their navel. They traveled swiftly in a dizzying parlor of colors and in the blink of an eye, the bus landed with a thud at the center of a heliport. Lily opened her eyes and Severus exhaled a long kept breath. They looked outside the window and gaped. The heliport was on the top of a white skyscraper. The building was at least 50 meters tall and from outside they could see the whole city of Brussels. "We have arrived" said Dumbledore pleasantly as he drew the handbrake and removed the key. "Why did we have to get through all this? Couldn't we just wait somewhere until it got activated?" asked Severus exasperated. "Alas" said Dumbledore rising from the driver's seat. " We certainly could. But we, wizards have to remember Severus: We may be gifted, but muggles have achieved aplenty which are not always clear to us as to how they work. Thus we shouldn't underestimate but understand them since we have decided to live among them." he concluded piercing the boy above his half-moon spectacles. Severus didn't answer but Lily nodded wildly at her professor's remark. Dumbledore smiled and drew his wand. With a flick, his apparel changed to a set of deep red robes embroidered with golden stars and a matching wizard's hat. "You can use magic here" he said simply. With another flick of his wand, the door opened and Dumbledore stepped outside. Lily followed smartly behind him, her eyes fixed on the outstanding view. Severus took some time and stepped out after a fashion dressed now in simple and freshly cleaned black robes clutching his wand in his left hand. The girl looked at her friend approvingly as Dumbledore started pacing towards a stairway leading to a small white building, with a steel black door. A golden eagle knocker was placed on the black steel. Dumbledore approached it. The kids followed. Tapping with his wand the knocker, he spoke: " This is Albus Dumbledore bringing two guests. We are here to see mister Eric Pendragon after a scheduled appointment". They waited for a fashion and then the golden eagle sprang alive. "Welcome Albus Dumbledore. Please state the names of the guests" it spoke with a serious male voice. "It is Lily Evans and Severus Snape, students of the Hogwarts school of witchcraft and Wizardry" The knocker replied "Please wait" and stayed immobile. Moments later, it spoke again "Your request is valid. Please walk through the backdoor." Dumbledore looked at the children with a smile. "After me I suppose" he said and with a smart step he passed through the black door. "Ladies first" cheered Lily, as Severus stepped aside in a mock theatrical movement. The girl passed through and after a moment, Severus followed. Immediately, they found themselves on the ground floor of a gigantic structure the roof of which was not visible with the naked eye. Witches and wizards were pacing back and forth or discussing clustered in small groups, while a big reception desk was placed on their right hand. On the far left they could see a huge banner embroidered with golden slanting letters saying "International Confederation of Wizards" followed by a golden symbol. Lily looked at the shape. "It is the globe" said Severus with genuine excitement in his voice. "See the round thing? And the earth's axis is replaced by a wand." Lily nodded. Her eyes looked hungrily around. It was the first time she saw such a major establishment full of grown up wizards and witches. "Children" said Dumbledore. They both turned their attention to the Headmaster. He was accompanied by a tall, green robed unshaven, balding wizard with round belly and a wispy mustache. "Allow me to introduce you mister Carlo D'Ambrossio, our guide." "Hello mister D'Ambrossio!" said Lily, whereas Severus nodded at the man. The man looked at the children aloofly and nodded to himself. "Welcome to the headquarters of the International Confederation of Wizards. I will be taking you to your destination." he said with a heavy italian accent. The children nodded in unison. " Please can you draw your wands?" The children obeyed and gave the man their wands. After making some quick checks (or 'probity probes' as Severus mumbled to Lily) he gave them back to them. Then he started moving onwards. "Carlo, do you forget something?" said Dumbledore with twinkling eyes. "What.. Oh yes. Madonna mia!" said the man and stoped plugging his right hand in his pocket. After some frantic searching he retrieved two small badges with a pin on the rear. The cards read "VISITOR" in simple black writting. "Please put them on" he said. Lily and Severus put the badges on. "Now follow me" he said as he started to walk towards the elevator at the other side of the floor.