Harry. "All I can say is that I expect you to take care of him Cedric and I am glad that you are taking ownership of your actions but if anything happens to him.." Sirius and Harry both shout at the same time "Remy!" "Don't scare him to death please" Sirius gives him a look after seeing Harry's pleading expression. "Okay I'm not trying to you know how Moony gets mixed in with my personality sometimes I can't control it" Cedric speaks up "it's okay Remus I understand and you have my promise that I will do everything that I can to protect him" "Good that all Sirius and I can ask from you" The nest month flew by very quickly and before Harry knew it his fifth year was about to start. They were all saying their goodbyes at Kings Cross. "If you need anything let me know". Then he looks at Cedric "and you better take good care of my godson and honorary grandson or I will find you then I will release Moony on you too" Cedric gulped but nodded "I will sir I promise" "Okay Siri don't worry I will let you know I promise and trust me Cedric will take good care of me". Harry hugged Sirius and Remus then they both got on the train. He found Ron and Hermione and Cedric walked in and sat down with them. "So, Harry how was your first summer with Sirius?" Hermione asked him. "It was great but I have to tell you guys something and it might come as a pretty big shock" "Okay then what is it?" Ron asked. "Well Cedric and I are going to be parents. I'm pregnant". Harry then cringed a little in case shouting would come from his friends. Hermione and Ron were shocked but Hermione was the first one to speak "I didn't even know that was possible". "Yeah me neither but Madam Pomphrey said that someone as powerful as me is able to and that there have been a couple of cases in the past. Also both Sirius and Remus said that some males are born as what they call carriers meaning they are born with the ability to carry children" Ron was next to speak "well mate we are here for you but I don't think Ginny is going to be too happy about it". "Thanks Ron and Mione that means a lot. I know not everyone is going to be supportive." Ron turned to Cedric and said "you better not hurt him or you're going to wish you were never born". Harry and Hermione said together "RON!" "What I'm just saying it's my job as your honorary brother". Ron just looked at them. Cedric smiles "you won't have to worry about that because I don't plan on hurting him". A couple hours later and they finally all arrive at Hogwarts. Everyone gets off the train and goes inside to the great hall and all the students watch as the first year's gets sorted. "I hope poppy knows a concealing charm because in a couple of months I won't be able to hide my condition" Harry stated. "Harry don't worry about it and I'm sure she does" Hermione told him. "I know I just don't want the whole school to know at least not yet anyways" Harry said and looked down. Cedric grabbed his hand and just held it tight. "I'm just glad you guys are all still here to support me". "Hey it's the least we can do since you saved our asses more than once" Ron said. "Yeah we are with you through thick and thin and till the end" Hermione smiled. Harry smiles big "thanks guys it really means a lot to me I wasn't sure how this was going to but now I don't have to worry about some of our other friends either as I have a feeling they will be supportive too". Snape walked over to Cedric and whispered in his ear "Dumbledore wants to speak to you in his office" and Snape walked away. Harry looked at him strange "what was that about?" "Dumbledore wants to see me in his office I guess. So, I will see you later okay?" "Yeah that's fine" Harry kisses him and Cedric goes to Dumbledore's office. Cedric knocks on the head master's door. "Come in Cedric" Dumbledore says. So, Cedric walks into his office. "You wanted to see me sir". "Yes, I did it Cedric my boy. Please sit down, would you like a lemon drop?" "No thank you sir" "Very well, it has come to my knowledge that you and Harry are going to be parents is that correct?" Cedric blushes "I'm not sure how you manage to figure everything out but yes that would be correct". "Well I would like to have Harry live with you this school year while you are apprenticing under Professor Flitwick". Cedric was shocked "are you serious sir that would be amazing?" "Yes I am. I want the best for Harry and I know he loves you more than anything, he even told me himself last year". Dumbledore said with a twinkle in his eye. "Well thank you very much sir this means a lot I won't let you down". "Ah it is Harry that I hope you won't let down." "I will never let that happen sir I can promise you that." "Good, good. Now then your room will be on the sixth floor next to the prefect's bathroom and the password is 'quidditch' and your things have already been moved." "Thank you, sir, I will let Harry know". Cedric turns around feeling as if he was on cloud nine and leaves to find Harry. Cedric doesn't have to look very hard as he finds Harry in the Great Hall right where he left him. "Harry I have to tell you something". End of Chapter 1 Let me know what you think of the revamped version please.