bottles littered the table before them, blinking at the light from the chandelier above. Foolish grins lit up the haughty looks their Slytherin-bred faces permanently supported. "Our sense of humour is kind of fucked up, Draco," Blaise admitted after they'd been quiet for a minute. Draco snorted and tilted his head back, chugging the remaining contents of the bottle in his hands. "I figured that when you started the joke with 'So I asked this witch for anal sex.' " That prompted another fit of sloppy laughter. "The world is spinning," Draco sighed and said grimly. "But it's a bloody relief…hell-it's…now…now my head is spinning. For once, I can just stop - just stop thinking and stop thinking and stop-" "Do you ever feel your soul screaming at you?" Blaise blurted out, interrupting his word-vomit. "Uh - I think so?" "No, listen. It's just wailing and then sometimes it wraps it's hands around my neck," he muttered. "It's trying to punish me for being alive." "Zabini, why do you insist on killing my buzz?" he groaned. "Stop being a pussy, Draco." It was hard for him to take Blaise seriously, even in this state, when his words came out slurred. "Fine, I feel it too okay. I can't wait to go back to Hogwarts and get away from these toxic memories," he gritted out, every cell in his body screaming for him to shut up and raise those walls. This is just Blaise, he told himself firmly. He's the only one you haven't scared away. Better make sure he sticks around. "I can't even imagine the sort of fucked up shit you've seen with the Dark Lord as your roommate." He held back a scoff. Blaise didn't know even the half of it. Dark ocher eyes flashed across his mind. "I get nightmares," Blaise whispered darkly and Draco's chest tightened. "I'm no bloody Gryffindor and so I'll say this." Draco waited as his companion inhaled sharply and let out in a steel voice, "I'm scared to let myself sleep." It isn't until nearly thirty minutes later, when soft snores filled the room, that Draco finally unclenched his muscles. "Me too, Blaise." "Draco!" Blaise called out just as the whistle of the train let out a warning shriek. The platform was ridiculously crowed with idiots, who clearly cannot tell time, running around frantically. Peasants . "Until next time," He nodded at Mother and then gave Father a pointed look. The bastard better keep her happy. Draco boarded the train and followed Blaise down the corridor, eyeing a particularly nasty batch of first years complete with their snivelling noses and big, loud mouths. He opened his mouth to tell Blaise to stupefy any first year that got in the way, but instead choked on roses. Er, the smell. Not actual roses. Just as the painfully sweet aroma started to caress his senses, a pleasurable hint of cardamom floated by. His eyes drifted close to the hot pinch of cinnamon wafting over him and he was done. Snitch. Broomstick. Crash. A jerk in his abdomen swirled him around and tugged painfully. Like cooing for her lover to join her in bed, the entrancing smell drew him close. H stumbled around and - oompf -nearly collided with a bird's nest. A really soft bird's nest. His hands gripped the shoulders of the petite figure that was bent over clutching her head. "What the hell?" He flinched at the familiar voice and winced as she nearly whipped him with her hair when straightening up. "Who - Malfoy?" she yelped, jumping back in surprise. His fingers barely moved when she tried to pull away and she stared up at him with wide almond eyes. They both glanced down at his hands, which were still holding her. He slowly let go, taking his time as he released the probably angry witch. "What is your problem, Malfoy?" Granger yelled and narrowed her eyes. Yup. Most likely angry. "Good morning, Princess," he purred, smirking as he gave her another once over. Her eyebrows knitted together as she caught the motion and blood rushed to her cheeks. A shrewd red rose. "Well it was until you came along," she growled and in his peripheral, he could see her reaching for her wand. His hand shot out and wrapped around her thin wrist. Merlin, did this girl not eat? "No need for such measures. We're all friends here," he murmured, his voice getting huskier near the end. It was incredible how one small change made such a stark difference. Her bushy nest that she called hair was now a mess of silky curls. It was still kind of bushy, but it had been tamed into a wild sort of beauty. His hand twitched with the urge to run his fingers through those thick locks and pull just hard enough to entice a moan from the witch. He had to admit that he did not see her dainty little foot coming and yelled in shock as she stepped on his foot with all her strength, which was not much actually. He barely felt a sting. "Don't you dare, arsehole," she growled. He leaned down until his face was inches from hers, staring into her furious eyes with his own icy gaze. "Never challenge a Malfoy, Darling," he snarled. He turned on his heel and headed towards the Slytherin compartment. Without looking back, he called over his shoulder, "I'll meet you in the Prefect's carriage an hour before we arrive." He heard a shriek when realization hit her and he laughed under his breath. Surprisingly, she hadn't noticed the badge pinned to his chest. The last little bit was his own small piece of retaliation. Don't punish the harpy, but give her a little something to agonize over. Potter and Weasley would shit a galleon when she told them the news. His lips curled into a satisfied smirk. At least something came out of the mess that was Dumbledore's twisted sense of humour.