a full wardrobe of trousers, t-shirts, underwear and accessories, plus a few pairs of shoes. The top of the range potion equipment had extra ingredients and a potions kit to supplement it, and the telescope was the best they had. Alongside the books on the list, Harry figured he'd be better off buying the compete set of Standard Book of Spells, plus the intermediate and advanced Transfiguration books he'd clocked some of the older students buying. He would worry about other books later. Of course after he received his wand, willow with black unicorn hair of all things, and a holster and polishing kit to go with it, his next stop had been the trunk shop. He'd bought the most battered one he could find, and then asked about the nicer models. Quickly Harry had realised that these people could put an entire house in a trunk if they so desired, though he settled instead for a single small room, even if he did want to go to town just to see what he could squeeze in there. The shop owner, upon realising the young buyer had money to spend, had handed him a catalogue of things one could put in their trunk. After browsing though it, Harry ordered a couple of bookcases, a wardrobe and a cabinet. No point in letting the Potters know he had money of his own by having his things sprawled around his room. At the last minute he clocked a larder and added that to the list. He was planning on finding the exit and looking round London, so hopefully he'd be able to fill the thing. He was also planning on buying muggle stationary, and plenty of it. Quills and ink were not his cup of tea, and parchment was just plain expensive to buy in bulk. He did buy some, with the plan of handing in any homework on it should anyone question the paper, but there was no reason why he couldn't use pens and notepads for the rest. There was no rule in the books he'd read about bringing muggle things to Hogwarts after all. Then there were toiletries. He would buy a fair amount of them, he'd be in a school for most of the next seven years so he might as well get his own things while he could. Harry checked off the last thing on his list, then glanced around looking for the exit. Just as he clocked a wall opening up further up the street, he noticed Eeylops Owl Emporium and Magical Menagerie next door to it. The list did say he could bring a pet. But, Harry pondered as he headed inside the menagerie, hiding a pet from the Potters would be difficult. He glanced over the cages, finding no real interest in the cats and reptiles on display. The rats were a big no, not that he was scared of them, they just weren't hygienic enough for his tastes. The cats were also a no, James and Lily would surely notice one wandering about. He considered the snakes, but decided they were too Slytherin for the Gryffindor family, and he dreaded to thing what would happen to one if he brought it back. No, it appeared the menagerie wasn't going to help him, so he turned instead to the owl emporium. He barely got two feet inside when he found the perfect pet. There she stood, right up the back on a perch of her own. A large snowy owl, flecks of black on her feathers. She was gorgeous. Harry made a bee line for her, and the pair stared at each other. Then stared a little more. 'How does Hedwig sound?' Harry finally asked. She hooted once and nodded, flapping her wings and fluttering down to his shoulder. Grinning Harry brought her and her perch to the counter. OOO Hedwig quickly became Harry's closest friend, well his only friend but you got the picture. The owl was scarily smart, and knew exactly how to avoid being seen by the other occupants. Good thing too, the Potters had a few owls, but would notice something different with one such as Hedwig. She and Harry spent long nights just chatting, well Harry chatted and Hedwig listened. When he went to the library she somehow found a way to follow him inside, and he swore she read over his shoulder. She hunted when she felt hungry, and occasionally Harry fed her some treats bought at the owl emporium. Harry himself ate from his newly stocked larder, put his clothes in his new wardrobe, and filled his new cabinet and bookcases with his other things. His trunk was kept shrunk most of the time, only being enlarged to bring something out or put something away, and Harry kept it with him at all times, even while he slept, though it sat by the sink when he showered or bathed. His wand remained strapped to his arm. Before Harry returned to Diagon he had an ominous feeling the Potters would take his wand from him and not return it until school started. Possibly not even then knowing them. So he grabbed a small branch from a local park and carved it into a rough wand shape using his potion knife. After a quick polish, it even looked like a typical wand. Sure enough, Lily and James demanded his wand the second they returned to the manor. Pulling an annoyed face, Harry handed the fake wand over, and then almost skipped to his room to try out some new spells. It was a good thing the Potters didn't care about him, otherwise they'd wind up asking awkward questions like why he was never down for meals or where his new clothes came from. Thankfully they didn't care, and as the summer drew to a close, and September first fell upon them, Harry actually felt himself grow excited to go to school. Bleh! What the hell has happened to him?!