suddenly dropped along with her temper and she seemed rather tired suddenly, "why are you out here anyway?" "I needed to breathe," was Severus' vague response and Lily arched an eyebrow suspiciously. She shrugged after a moment of looking him over and started back towards the castle, clutching James' invisibility cloak that Severus did not recognize as much more than an odd cloth. "Severus," she suddenly said and his heart jumped into his throat at the use of his first name as she turned back to look at him, something fierce burning in those lovely eyes, "you will stay away from James and I. If I hear or see anything differently," those eyes he'd been admiring seconds ago narrowed menacingly, "it'll be the last thing you do." Her threat fell on a broken heart and he watched her walk away from him, realizing at last that he'd finally lost Lily Evans. He had turned back to the lake with pain etched over his pallid features by the time she disappeared under the invisibility cloak and into the castle. When Lily entered the Gryffindor common room, whipping the cloak off of her, James jumped up from the chair, a laughing expression still on his face before his eyes fell upon her book-less arms. "Er, Lils, did you forget something?" "Oh?" Lily looked down at her hands realizing she only carried the invisibility cloak, "Oh yes, my textbook, I suppose I'll get it tomorrow." "Alright?" Sirius raised one eyebrow at her, his grey eyes perplexed. "Fine," Lily's voice seemed rather faint and James and Sirius exchanged a look. Lily shoved the cloak back into James' arms and sat down on the chair, running a hand through her hair. "So," James cleared his throat, "what kept you?" Lily looked up at them; her boyfriend and her surrogate brother. This was not going to go over well. "Ran into Snape," Lily tried to say it casually but it did not get past Sirius and James (Remus and Peter had gone to bed) whose expressions turned furious instantly. "What?" James demanded while Sirius exclaimed ' Snivellus?!' at the same time. Both blokes immediately gave her a thorough once over to make sure she was okay. Lily, feeling self conscious with the sudden attention, folded her arms across her chest and glared at them. "I'm fine as I said before. Just a bit surprised that's all. Besides, I could handle Snape," she seemed to be daring them to contradict her but neither did. "We know that, Lily, but we have a right to be concerned," Sirius pointed out while James stepped closer to his girlfriend, pulling her tightly to him. "Really James, this is completely unnecessary," but her words went muffled and unheard as she spoke into James' hard chest. She finally extracted herself from his arms and gave him a reassuring smile, "Look, all we did was exchange a few words. No harm done," she looked closely at his face to see lines of maturity she'd not noticed before, "don't cause anxiety over me, Potter," her voice was soft and affectionate and Sirius suddenly felt invasive and embarrassed all at once. "Too late," James told her and his eyes crinkled in the corners as he gave her a broad smile. "Well, I'm exhausted. Try not to stay up too late, lovebirds," Sirius smirked at them and went up to the Boys Dormitory. "So, what were these words you exchanged?" James asked Lily lightly after Sirius had gone to bed and she searched his face and recognized the more serious undertones lying behind the question. "Nothing for you to worry about," but she knew he wouldn't let her get away with that answer so she elaborated, "well, fine. He seemed to insinuate it was his business who I was dating and I politely told him it was not. I then threatened him and told him to stay away from us. That was pretty much it." "You threatened a Death Eater?" James seemed torn between being impressed and exasperated, he was also slightly aroused which was most bothersome but he wouldn't dwell on that for a bit. "Well, sure, but it's Snape , James," she didn't seem to understand the gravity of this situation which frustrated James further. "Listen, Lily, I don't care who it is. Death Eaters don't take lightly towards that sort of thing even if he would never hurt you-" "Just because we were once chummy with each other doesn't mean he wouldn't hurt me," Lily snorted. "Blimey that's not the only reason," it was out before James could stop himself and Lily regarded him dubiously. "What do you mean ' that's not the only reason '?" "Erm," James seemed unsure of how to respond and eventually decided the truth was the only way to go- Lily would see through him any other way, "well, it's not exactly a secret that er Snape fancies you, is it?" Lily regarded him disbelieving for a second before her face crumpled, becoming resigned. There were a few moments where she stared at him, sadness in that sage, beautiful face. "No," she finally said softly, leaning her head on his shoulder, "I suppose not." There was a long silence between the two of them, comfortable yet thick, unsaid things moving through the air current between them. "And this- this doesn't change things between us doesn't?" he was endearingly nervous and though Lily was wary and tired, tired of the war and the two-faced friends and the killings, she found him sweet, comfortable, and exhilarating all at once. "No," she said once more, firmly and soundly, "no, it does not." Then she planted her lips gently on his and Severus Snape was a distant memory and the crackling fireplace was like the heat between the two of them. It was only them for those few seconds of pure bliss and when they pulled away, both were smiling. "I love you, Evans," he finally told her. "And I you, Potter."