sped up until their flesh was pounding together. Dora slid her arms under his and gripped his hips, while Remus planted his elbows on either side of her head. Their eyes remained locked on each other as Remus drove into her, his need etched in every line of his face. His thrusts became more erratic, and Dora's moans grew louder as they both neared the end. Seconds later, Dora's fingers dug deeply into Remus's hips, and her eyes closed as her body clenched around him. The moan she released called to the deepest reaches of his soul, and Remus dropped his lips to hers once more. As their tongues met again, he gave one last thrust, and then pulled his hips away. He groaned as his body erupted, his seed spilling along Dora's thigh, his body jerking several times before finally slowing, and he settled himself between her thighs again. Their chests pressed together, and the kiss they shared was soft, chaste and sweet. "Dora, I…" he started. "Shhh, don't you dare," Dora responded, placing a finger over her lips. "Remus Lupin, if you ruin this moment for me by trying to warn me away, I swear I will never forgive you. Don't say it, please. Not right now," she begged. When she was done, she lifted her eyes to his, waiting for his response. "Dora, I was only going to say..." he started, his voice trailing off. He had been about to warn her away from him again. Her plea stopped him, and he had no idea what to say now. He knew what he wanted to say, of course, but he also knew it wasn't fair to either of them if he did. Instead, he leaned down and kissed her gently. "Dora, darling, you are wonderful. You're beautiful, and sweet, and kind, and bloody gorgeous," he said, his voice light. "And I was only going to ask you if you would stay here with me. I'm incredibly exhausted after last night and… this and I was hoping that you would stay and help me sleep." Whatever she had expected when he opened his mouth, it wasn't that. Startled pleasure flashed across her face as Dora smiled before lifting her head to kiss him again. "Remus Lupin, I thought you would never ask," she said, a flirtatious grin playing at her lips. Remus returned her grin and lifted himself away. The fire had gone out at some point, so he added another log to it, then found his pants. He quickly tugged them on and didn't bother with the button, then scooped up his shirt and held it out to her. "I, erm, may have mangled yours. You can wear mine, if you want," he said, his face turning red. Dora sat up and snatched it from him, laughing at his blush, and shrugged it on. She did a couple buttons in the center and glanced around for her knickers. As her eyes passed over Remus, she stopped. He was staring at her, a hungry look on his face. "You couldn't possibly," she said, her tone incredulous. Her voice snapped him out of his fog and he grinned. "You're right, love, I couldn't possibly. But could you, erm, do up a couple more buttons? Please? For the sake of an old man's uncontrollable desire?" He laughed then, and stepped towards her. In his hand were her panties. Dora slipped them on and cast a quick refreshing spell to clean up a bit. Remus crawled up onto the sofa behind her and stretched out, his eyes sparkling as he waited. Nymphadora smiled too, and lay down beside him. She kissed him one last time, snuggled in to his chest, and breathed a deep sigh. Just before her eyes closed, she felt a blanket flutter over them, and heard the words "Goodnight, darling," in a soft, husky voice, and then she heard no more. Remus watched her sleep for a few moments, and slipped his fingers up to caress her cheek. "I do so love you, darling Dora," he whispered, and dropped a soft kiss on her nose. He was truly exhausted; he hadn't lied when he said so. But as he held her, his skin still felt electrified. He turned his head to the window and noticed the sun had risen high in the sky so that the shadows of the study were bathed in bright light, and he sighed. He conjured a patronus and sent it off to Sirius, telling him he was fine and sleeping in the study and he would see him later, and then reinforced the lock so his friend couldn't barge in at an inopportune time. He looked down at the sleeping witch beside him and smiled, then called for his wand. He closed his fingers around it and murmured a soft incantation, and suddenly the cramped sofa became a large, soft bed. Dora shifted against him, her arm sliding across his chest to pull him close, a thigh slipping over his, and when she finally settled, her head had nestled itself comfortably into his shoulder. Remus dipped his head and pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead, shifted so that his arm was more comfortably cradling her against him and rested his other hand over his heart. Feeling content for the first time in years, he finally relaxed into sleep. A.N. Thank you for reading. This is my first published fic, hopefully not the last. This scene is actually part of a much larger Remus fic, but I couldn't get it out of my head long enough to work my way up to it, so here it is. It has already been through a couple major edits, and I am very happy with where it ended up (this scene actually ended much differently the first time I wrote it out.) I hope you have enjoyed, and if you haven't, please let me know why. Criticism will only help me get better. Thanks again, Love4lupinalways