he had brought over with them. "The potion is called corpus verto, and its purpose is to switch the bodies of two people for a day." He slid the open book in Harry's direction and Harry glanced down incredulously at it. "Um, I'm sorry, did you say switch bodies? You want us to switch bodies?" Tom nodded, seemingly unaffected by Harry's rather loud tone. "Yes, you said that I couldn't understand the things you struggle with, being the famous 'Boy-Who-Lived' and all, so this is my way of trying to get an understanding of it." Harry had to admit that it was rather sweet of him, and Harry really shouldn't have expected anything less from Tom. But then he realized the implications of this. "Wait, so you're going to be living in my body for a day and I'm...?" Tom chuckled and sat himself next to him, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. "You are going to be in my body for the day." Harry gaped at him. This was all completely insane. "You're going to let me walk around as you?" Tom sighed, "Yes, so you better not fail my classes, or get caught." Harry made an indignant sound at that and crossed his arms, "get caught? What happens if I get caught?" Another slow smile spread on Tom's face. "Well, you'll have to suffer through the interrogations from Slytherin's and wait for me to rescue you." Harry scowled at that. "Oh? So what happens if you get caught?" Tom outright laughed at that, seemingly amused at the mere idea of it. "Hmm, I doubt I'll be caught, but if I am I'll have to suffer through the shame of getting caught by Gryffindor's and, well then you will win." Harry felt confused at the last part. "Win? Win what, exactly? I wasn't aware this was supposed to be a competition." Tom nodded at that, "yes, well if I got caught, or say, gave up, it would mean that I... can't handle being you, and you get to decide when and how we tell everyone about us." Harry blanched at this, "So, if I get caught, do you get to choose when we come out?" The Slytherin shrugged his shoulders at that. "We'll see... but first, are you willing to go through with this?" Tom gestured back towards the finished potion and the open book and Harry didn't even have to really think about his answer, he nodded. He wanted Tom to know how horrible having everyone feel entitled to your life details felt, so he could understand, and if this was the way to do it, then he was going to do it. Tom smiled widely at his affirmation and hastily got up to get the potion ready and onto separate vials for them. He poured two and set them on the table, before retrieving a small knife from the side table and pricking his finger, letting a droplet of blood splash into one of the vials. Harry watched on curiously as the potion changed into a deep blood red color, and Tom cleaned the knife with a spell before handing it to him. Harry sliced the tip of his thumb and let a drop of blood fall, barely noticing the slight change in color, as his had only turned into a green a few shades darker. Tom smiled at the finished products and Harry observed with anticipation as he downed the vial with Harry's blood. Harry watched, enraptured as Tom seemed to be savoring the taste of his potion. "Hmm," he mused, and then smirked at Harry. "You taste refreshing and sweet." Harry blushed despite himself and then gasped as Tom's form seemed to shimmer and ripple. He heard Tom groan and then in his place, stood and exact replica of Harry himself. "Wow..." Harry breathed, "This is so strange." Tom looked down to observe his new body-well, Harry's body, really- and then said, "Wow, I don't think I've ever felt so short before." Harry scowled at that and reached for his own vial, tentatively sipping the dark red potion before drinking the entire thing and turning to grin at Tom. "You taste like a red wine." Tom had a pleased look on his face at that, and Harry felt a strange sensation that signified the beginning of the transformation. He felt himself grow taller, and when the uncomfortable process was over, he was looking down at his own body scowling up at him. Harry inwardly cheered at the fact that he got to be tall for once in his life and Tom had a sour expression on his face as he complained, "How do you stand being so short every day? Do you always have to look up just to see my face?" Harry rolled his eyes at this, "Well seeing as you're a little more than six foot and I'm barely past five, I'm going to have to say yes." Tom seemed sulky for a second and Harry smugly stated, "This was your idea. No way to back out now." Tom nodded at that, his face clearing up of any uncertainness and stated, "Oh, yes, I'm quite aware of that. I was just wondering…How kinky would it be for us to have sex like this?" Harry groaned, "Well, first of all, that's never going to happen. I'm not really up for idea of shagging someone that looks exactly like me. Although, I'm sure you'd be up for it, you narcissistic bastard." Tom grinned shamelessly at that. Harry yawned, beginning to feel the effects of the time of night, and decided that if he was going to have enough energy to deal with the Slytherin's tomorrow, he was going to have to go to bed now. Tom agreed with him wholeheartedly, and they each went their separate ways after trading their common room passwords. Tomorrow was going to be long day. ... Not sure where this idea came from but I hope you enjoy it anyways...