one random prisoner of Azkaban. What if the plan to rescue them had failed? Bella, Rabastan… they could've been in there for who knows how long. You know what that place does to people. And yet, you did this to them!" His father's features darkened and he rose from his chair. A strange curse Hadrian didn't recognize was hurled at him before he could even blink. He didn't care what curse it was, he was only focused on the burning sensation that ran through his blood and made his blood unbearable hot. His body felt weak and prisoner to the immense agony that was shooting through his veins. He could feel his vision steadily blurring and his heart felt like it someone was clenching it into a tight ball. His father's figure loomed over him and he spoke in a quiet, deadly tone, "You do not tell me how to run my Death Eaters. They did not give their life to my cause; they gave their life to me. And I will use them as I see fit. I am your master, not the other way around. If they had to spend eternity for me to get one prisoner out of Azkaban, they would do so. And they would be happy to do so." Lord Voldemort finally lifted the curse, and peered out the floor to ceiling window beside one of his massive bookshelves. He did not appear to seem even the slightest bit affected at his son's condition. "I did this for a reason, one which I don't have to explain to you. That man that I organized all this to rescue… he's quite important to our future plans. It has to seem as though he's a part of our Death Eaters, which is why I orchestrated the entire scheme to have him break-out with the rest of my followers. I knew Bellatrix could not resist rescuing him, with her irritatingly strong loyalty. That man, dear Hadrian, is our newest recruit." His father's eyes hardened, and he looked toward the door of his office resolutely. "…Even if he doesn't know it yet." Hadrian rose out of his chair, eager to get out of his father's study. "Who is he?" His father turned back to the window, taking a sip of his firewhisky to hide his wicked sneer, "Third floor, the Red Suite. I think you can find out for yourself." When Hadrian pushed open the door to the Red Suite, his eyes immediately landed on the ragged-looking man sitting in the massive four-poster bed with the crimson sheets. In the room full of luxury and antiques–all in complimentary shades of red, hence the creatively named "Red Suite"– the pale man stuck out like a sore thumb. His robes, the standard issue Azkaban prisoner stripes, were torn and dirtied and bloodied. His long hair looked as if it hadn't been cut in decades, since it was matted and had crusted with filth. Hadrian wrinkled his nose in disdain. He couldn't understand what was so special about this man who resembled a beggar on the street. He didn't seem like the famous type. Despite all this, Hadrian reluctantly pulled a chair over to the man's bedside and stared at him, waiting for a spark of awareness to be evoked. Hadrian studied the man, and finally asked, "Who are you?" The man stared curiously at him, and then abruptly, he blinked with familiarity. "Harry…is that you?" The man whispered, reaching out to touch Hadrian's face. Hadrian stilled. No one had called him that in years . Harry , he inwardly cringed, was dead to the world. The only people that knew about him were the Dark Lord, and Destiny. No one had even recognized him. Not even his actual father . And yet, this man…this man who had been in Azkaban for years, this man who hadn't seen another person other than a dementor and interrogator for years, he somehow recognized him? A panicked look came into Hadrian's eyes, and he made to get out of the room quickly, but the man's hand latched onto his arm. Hadrian swallowed his dread and glared distrustfully at the man. "I asked," His voice took on a harsher tone, "Who. Are. You?" "It's the eyes. I'd recognize those emeralds anywhere." The man mused. His sharp features were expressing some emotion Hadrian was unable to interpret. In the blink of an eye, Hadrian shoved his wand into the man's throat and whispered, "Tell me who you are, and why you call me Harry . Or else." The man laughed. "You certainly take after your father with all the threats, kid. But I'm still hurt you don't remember me. I suppose the whole "prisoner of Azkaban" appearance might have something to do with it. When you last saw me, I think I wore trousers, at least." Hadrian gritted his teeth together dangerously and he knew the man could see the angry magic that cracked around him. The strange man raised his hands in surrender, "Not in the mood for jokes, then. Oh Harry," His eyes twinkled with amusement, "I'm your Uncle Sirius, Sirius Black." A/N: Aaaand the Sequel has been updated! Sorry it took so long, you guys know I have finals in May. I hoped you liked it! It took me a while to figure out what I wanted to do, I'm not kidding, I literally wrote like 4 different versions of this chapter. As always, reviews mean so much to me and I always appreciate them, even if they're critical! Follow me on Tumblr for more information on updates and other stuff- Username: lovemyromance I'm glad you guys enjoyed the first book in the Dark Prince series, and I hope you'll enjoy the second book too! Here's to The Allure of Darkness! P.S: " Toujours Pur" is the motto of the Noble House of Black. Since Bellatrix and Sirius are cousins, she still has loyalty to her family, even if Sirius is a known "blood-traitor".