straighter, looking them man into the eyes, glad the smoke was being blown outside and not into his face. Well he was Harry Potter and he was not going to behave like a coward especially now when Grindelwald was aware of everything. "I suppose you aren't going to spare us the pointless complications and just tell me everything you know about the Order and Albus Dumbledore…" Grindelwald observed, not letting Harry out of his sight. "Or maybe you will?" "Of course not," Harry answered. "I know nothing." "I'm sure you don't." Grindelwald's grin reminded Harry of a lion ready to strike. The older man drummed his fingers against his desk, listening to a melody only he heard, all the while looking straight at Harry with intimidating purposes. "Moving on, I'm sure Hermione told you that I'm not going to make you share my bed if there's no desire to do so from both parts. But, keep in mind that my patience is not forever and neither is my interest. And you really, really shouldn't lose that. So, I ask yet again, don't you have anything else to tell me?" His gaze was intense; however Harry stood his ground, even smiling at the man in defiance. He won't do anything to me as long as he thinks I'm important . Better keep it that way then. "No, sir. I know nothing of importance," he repeated himself, telling the half-truth. "Otherwise I'd tell you." The man was good at hiding his emotions, Harry had to admit. The fury was well hidden behind his passive face he presented to the world. One had to know what to look for, and being used to Dumbledore's pleasant looking expressions no matter what was happening, Harry could easily read behind this man's facade. Underneath lied raw anger, directed at him. "Then-" Grindelwald was cut off by two perfectly timed knocks on the door and Harry heard someone come in without waiting asking for permission, letting it fall shut behind him with a hard 'thud'. He didn't turn, his attention set on Grindelwald's expression. The man's dark eyes were narrowing at the unknown visitor quite subtly. "Should I return later?" It was a pleasantly deep voice. A man's voice. "No," Grindelwald objected, ceasing his drumming, giving up on his cigarette, crushing it onto the ashtray. "Mister Potter and I were just finishing our conversation. I trust your job went well." "Of course," came the answer from behind him. "Good, that's all." The golden-man tilted his head, fixing Harry with his eyes, still addressing the unknown man. "Why don't you accompany Mister Potter to his room? It'll be a shame to let him get lost. Who knows what may happen to him..." The stranger must have nodded because Grindelwald motioned Harry to stand up with a dismissive gesture of his hand, like he wanted him out as soon as possible. Such course of action was perfectly fine with Harry. "Goodbye sir," he offered with a blank expression, glad it was over. "Goodbye, Harry." He turned then, eyes settling on the most handsome man he had ever seen. Taller than both Harry and Grindelwald, he towered over him, looking at Harry with a bored expression on his unfairly attractive face. As if he was regarding furniture, not another human being. He couldn't be more than thirty Harry quickly decided. Twenty-something he appreciated almost instantly. The stranger had wavy black hair and grey eyes that were still locked on Harry's face. Realized his lips were parted in surprise, making a fool out o himself, he closed his mouth, hoping he wasn't blushing or something as embarrassing as that. "Lead the way, Tom," Grindelwald voiced from behind them. "I don't have all night." Tom, the fighter he had heard so much about nodded, still looking at Harry and then he turned on his heels and left, not once looking behind him to check if Harry was following. Of course he was. He hurried his peace, falling in step with the handsome man who ever so slightly slowed down. Tom did not say anything, eyes ahead, not even when they arrived at Harry's doorstep without any instructions from his part. Grindelwald must have announced his arrival to everyone , he decided. Harry kept quiet as well, Hermione's warning echoing into his mind at the most inopportune moment. It wasn't like there could be something between them. Not that Harry knew how that something was supposed to begin. And these thoughts were entirely inappropriate. "Thank you," he still let out with his back turned towards Tom, hand on the doorknob. A warm breath washing over his neck, way to close , and he shuddered. Harry felt Tom's body almost pressed to his own and then long fingers parted his and a soft material was pushed into his hands. "Bring it back to me," whispered Tom in his ear. And then he left, neither of them looking after another. Harry didn't dare to. He entered his room with small steps as if he wasn't in a hurry, heart hammering in his chest from the sudden rush of adrenaline. Turning the small lamp on he sat onto the edge of the bed, smoothing his hands over what proved to be a napkin and read. Wait for me at midnight in your room. The handwriting was elegant and Harry stared down at the note, biting onto his lower lip, thinking, debating with himself over what to do next. What if the man was spying on him for Grindelwald, waiting for Harry to make a mistake so the he could get his precious information from Harry without breaking the law? He could be…It made sense; Harry himself would have done that if he were Grindelwald. But Tom also could be one of their own. A spy from the Order, his ticket straight out of this place. Well, one thing he knew for sure. Harry was going to wait for him. From then on he'll wait and see.