wiped the remaining tears from her eyes. She wouldn't class herself as brave or courageous. Was there a symbol for people who liked reading and learning? That would be the one for her. "But, isn't it just random? Being picked I mean." She asked, her eyebrows turning down in confusion. Harry smiled. "To a degree, but the cup takes some things into account; or so I hear." "Cup?" Hermione asked, wondering if he was talking about the Goblet of Fire that was mentioned in the letter. "The Goblet of Fire, it's a incredibly powerful magical object. Pretty much runs the Tournament." He said and Hermione nodded in return, some sort of understatement sinking in. "I feel like this is all a dream, and I'm going to wake up and I'll be in my dorm room at Harvard." She whispered, filled with uncertainty. "How… How hard is this going to be, exactly?" Harry tapped his finger on his chin and thought for a moment. "Pretty hard I'd say. I think all of the last contestants died… Not sure, I didn't hear much about the last one to be honest." Hermione stared at him, she didn't understand how someone could say that and keep a straight face. "You're strong though right? I mean, you know; lots of magic. That's what the letter said, that I would be paired with someone magically powerful." She asked, desperate for some confidence. "Sure, I guess." Was all he said. Her shoulders slumped in defeat but was quickly pulled to her feet. Harry placed his hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes. "Don't worry about it, you'll be fine. First though, you'll need to change out of… Whatever it is you're wearing." He said, giving her a once over which caused Hermione to blush slightly. "There's a chest," He pointed back to where Hermione had first landed in a heap. "Just over there, when the cup picks you it puts a whole bunch of clothes in there suited to the participants. I've already picked mine so go ahead and choose. I'll wait over here." He pointed up to the boulder he had been lying on before. Before Hermione could ask or say anything else he was already walking away, hands in his pockets and humming a tune she didn't recognise. Deciding this was all too real to be a dream, and she just had to accept her fate she walked over to the large wooden chest. It wasn't anything fancy, simple oak wood with some bronze metal reinforcements. Opening the lid she saw there wasn't just clothes. There were some bags, all different shapes and sizes, some water flasks and also some food. She glanced a look back at Harry, who was sitting down on the ground again; facing the boulder. He didn't look like he had packed anything. Guess I'll have too. She thought. She picked a medium sized rucksack, the others were a little big for her and had far too many pockets. Picking some items and clothes, which she noticed included underwear, she quickly stuffed them into the bag. A dark blue pair of jeans and a black cotton jumper that looked her size took her fancy and she glanced around at Harry again. Very quickly she stripped off her Harvard uniform and pulled the jeans and jumper on, feeling highly embarrassed but a whole lot more comfortable than her school uniform. The skirt and thin blouse didn't offer much in the way of protection from scrapes and bumps. Once she was happy with the items she had packed she walked slowly over to Harry. "I'm done, Harry…" She said. Harry turned around and looked her over again. "Cool, we better get started then I guess." He said, giving a few glances to the rucksack on her back. "O-Okay." Hermione replied with a nod of defiance. If she had to do this, she was going to put her best foot forwards and see it through; she had to trust the stranger before her that he was going to keep her safe. "Hermione." Harry said, suddenly serious. "I'll be honest, I was hoping the muggle paired with me wouldn't show up. I wanted to take it easy, but now you're here… Well, let's just say it complicates things. I promise I'll protect you and you'll need to trust me." Hermione nodded, her hands a little shaky as she held the steps of her rucksack. "A few rules, then. Always do what I say, even if it sounds stupid. Just do it, and you'll be fine; OK?" She nodded again. "Good, second one is never go anywhere without me. If you do, you'll die. And the last one, which is by far the most important… Do not trust anyone else in the Tournament, they will try and kill you the first chance they get. I won't lie and say this is easy, it's not. It's rare anyone even finishes, let alone wins." She let his words sink in as she stared at her feet. She should be in Chemistry by now, ready to hand in her assignment she had spent the past week on. Instead she was in a strange place, with stranger things yet to happen. "I promise. I'll do what you say if it get's me through this." She nervously replied, strangely coming to terms with her fate. "Beyond that tunnel, could be anything. From traps to Dragons-" "D-Dragons?!" She interrupted. Harry ignored it and carried on. "-We stick together, we sleep together we do everything together. I mean it." Hermione didn't want to admit it, but she was pretty scared of him when he talked that way, with authority and control. All her body and mind would let her do was nod to which he gave her a nod back. He turned around, and Hermione noted a few scars on the back of his neck before he turned around and gave her a big smile. "Let's go, we're an hour late."