"Let me stay here, with him, please." He touched her again, tentatively, and she jerked away. "Hermione, you've got to come on!" Ron's voice was harder now, and it made her angry. When she felt him grip her arms again, with more force, and lift her to her feet, she felt murderous. "Leave me alone ." She bit out the words with furious finality. He ignored her. When she planted her feet, he merely dragged her, leaving several meters of parallel grooves dug into the dirt by her heels. She started screaming then, not caring who heard, pleading for Harry, stretching her arms out toward him, and calling Ron every foul epithet she could think of. "Hermione!" Ron's voice was broken, imploring. His eyes and cheeks were as wet and red as hers. "Hermione, you can't do this here, not now, not like this." Her chin trembled mutinously, but she was listening. "They're going to have to move his - his - him, Hermione." Ron was speaking carefully, so carefully, as if his words were projectiles that might injure her. "What's the hurry?" She asked tiredly. "It's not safe. For Merlin's sake, look around you, Hermione." He was standing sentry-like at her back, wand still out, and Hermione felt her insides leap and clench with returned fear. She looked, slowly, unwillingly, gulping back a sob, and following Ron's terse instruction. Twilight had long since fallen, and the gray haze of lingering smoke made it seem even darker. Bright white sparks of multiple Lumos spells darted hither and yon around the battlefield. Even in their variable light, Hermione recognized many of the fallen. "Oh God…" she breathed. There was Parvati Patil, kneeling, weeping over the prone form of her twin. Seamus, she already knew, was gone, and it seemed that Dean had been killed as well. Two Ravenclaws were tumbled close together, face down, so that she could only identify them by house colors. Shiny, blonde hair could have been Luna or Lavender, but the bright and immaculate manicure told the tale. There were two or three fallen that could have had red hair, but the uncertain light made it difficult to tell. It seemed that those in the white-banded robes of the Order far, far outnumbered black-cloaked Death Eaters among the fallen. Those of the Order still standing each clutched five or six confiscated wands in their hands. Ron let her look until he knew she had understood, then leaned down, speaking into her ear in a low voice. "I don't know how long the Dark Mark will keep affecting them. Or when they'll realize that they still have us outnumbered. Or when their allies will realize it and come back out of the Forbidden Forest and finish us off." Hermione noted with a start that he was right, and not one non-human remained on the green. "Do you understand what I'm saying?" She met his eyes, and his gaze was black in the darkness. Her lips quivered, and she clamped them together, and nodded. She understood. He was saying that they still weren't safe, that their losses were monumental, that even though they'd won - He'd won - that it might not be over. It seemed utterly unfair. "Madam Pomfrey! Madam Pomfrey! " cried a familiar voice. "Please… Charlie - he's - it looks bad - I tried to - Ron! " There was a shriek and a flying figure, ginger hair streaming out like a scarlet pennant in the wind, hurtled itself into his arms. "Ginny!' He gasped, hugging her tightly, and then moving away so that he could look into her face. "Have you seen the others? Mum? Dad?" Ginny shook her head, and her face twisted as she attempted to force her mouth to make normal words. "I found… Daddy…" The little-girl way she referred to her father pierced Hermione like a rapier blade. "And Charlie… I think he's - " Her throat closed up around the word dying . Ron's head sagged down between his shoulders, and Hermione stroked her hand absently down his arm, her gaze returning to Harry. The youngest Weasley followed her line of sight. "So it is true," was all Ginny said, in a dull, dead voice, and that seemed to have drained her completely. The word had evidently begun to filter around, but there was still much to do, ends to tie up, prisoners to deal with. The rational part of Hermione understood this, but the rest of her was impatient and angry. "Hermione," Ron was speaking again, trying to sound calm, but she could catch the desperate undercurrent. She was supposed to be the strong one, the calm and rational one, the one who held everyone else together. I can't handle this if you fall apart too , he seemed to be saying. "We should find Remus or - or - " She groped for the name of someone who could still be alive, but managed to keep her voice mostly steady. "If they're - if we can't, then you - then you'll have to take charge, Ron." She tried to smile reassuringly, but her voice wobbled dangerously on his name. Neville had come, and was moving Harry's body under Madam Pomfrey's departing instructions. The mediwitch hastily moved in the direction of Ginny's outstretched arm, but Hermione followed their classmate with her eyes all the way to the great double Doors of Hogwarts. She remembered the look in Harry's eyes, the way his fingers felt teasing against hers. She felt Ron's hand under her elbow, as they picked their way carefully through the fallen. She knelt beside him, threading her fingers through his hair at the sobs that racked him when the light left Charlie's eyes, and she wondered if there would ever come a time where she wouldn't feel such pain. TBC Ready for another go? You may leave a review on your way out, if you like. I'll be happy to answer any questions as well. lorien