avoid her clawing up his leg. She missed, and fell back onto the nest. In that moment, Harry realized that not all cats land on their feet. In fact, they might land on their backs, and in the process completely destroy nearly a dozen eggs before spitting and hissing loudly and running out of the room, leaving behind a trail of egg yolks and shells that had stuck to their fur. Of course, the cherry on top would involve James slipping and falling into the third eggs nest, getting himself covered in the gooey, sticky mess before tearing through the house as he chased after the cat, leaving an even larger trail behind. Harry buried his face in his hands before taking a deep breath. "Happy Birthday to me," he muttered, running after James. 0000000000000000000000000 It took nearly an hour to catch and wash the cat, clean up the living room (and James), and for Ginny to stop yelling at the kids. Of course, the kids had all begged to continue their play, so Ginny and Harry we forced to sit down and watch the second task. This had ended as well as the first task. They had acted out a whole scene in which Ron had battled fifty heavily armed merpeople as they tried to subdue him in order to drag him down to the bottom of the lake for the second task. It involved Ron using an Amplifying Charm on himself before falling asleep, effectively snoring them to death. The actual task had also included a detailed description of how Ron had helped rescue Gabrielle, Fleur's little sister. "I think Ron's been exaggerating his story again," Harry had whispered to Ginny, who was laughing at James struggling to keep his red wig on while carrying Al. Al, who was pretending to have fainted, kept wiggling his nose as a stray hair from the blond wig he was wearing tickled him. James was dramatically attempting to revive him as Lily, playing Fleur, wept beside them. "Mmmm, I think it's less exaggeration and more wild imagination at this point," Ginny replied, causing Harry to snigger. Once Al was revived, Lily leaned over and gave James a kiss on each cheek, who instantly fell to the floor in an apparent fainting. "Oh! Looks like Hermione got in a word or two during that story." Ginny laughed. Harry nodded in agreement. "She probably added the bit about snoring the merpeople to death too." They'd moved onto the third task rather quickly, as the kids kept improvising bits where they'd forgotten or hadn't heard the story. The maze for the third task was built out of the couch cushions, the kids occasionally ducking behind a cushion, fake wands at the ready in order to fight any imaginary foes they could meet as they tried to get to the cup in the center. At one point Al had reached a dead end, so he turned to one of the couch cushions and jabbed his wand at it, yelling "REDUCTO!" With a loud bang, the cushion exploded, the white stuffing flying everywhere, covering the whole room like a layer of thick snow, as the room filled with the smell of burning fabric and hair. It seemed that Al had managed to pick up Ginny's wand instead of his fake one. Thankfully, between using someone else's wand, and the fact that he hadn't been trained in any kind of wandwork, the spell hadn't been particularly powerful. It had only destroyed the one cushion, although it had caught on fire, as did Al's hair. Cleaning up that mess had taken much longer than the first one. So had Ginny's lecture. Yet, as Harry tucked his children in bed that night, he thanked them for their wonderful play. "It was one of the best birthday presents I've ever gotten," he told them. And it was true. For the first time in twenty years, he could think of his year as a Triwizard Champion and smile. 0000000000000000000000000 It was nearly midnight by the time Harry returned to his study for the book he'd been reading that morning. His birthday was nearly over. He was constantly amazed at how much had changed in his lifetime, and how much he had changed in those thirty-five years. He stared at the title for a moment; The Complete Works of William Shakespeare. Hermione's new interests were always reflected in the presents she gave, and this year was no exception. Picking up the book, Harry thumbed through it, finding the place he had stopped in order to mark it for the next time he had time to read. The first couple of lines on the page stuck out to him, the words searing themselves into his memory in an instant. "All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and their entrances, and one man in his time plays many parts." Harry had played many parts in his time, as his kids knew, they had acted it out for him earlier that day. The Boy Who Lived, The Chosen One, Triwizard Champion. But now he played none of those parts. Now he was just a spectator, watching his past self filling those roles. Watching others reenact those stories. Now he had a new role, a role he wanted, that he chose, and that he loved more than anything else in the world. Now he was a parent, and that in itself was the best birthday present ever. Do note that most of this was written on my phone, so please excuse any spelling/grammar issues (and the fact that the ending is a little rushed!). Oh! And the obligatory disclaimers: I don't own Harry Potter (though I wish I did), nor As You Like It by the magnanimous William Shakespeare, who I have quoted for the 'Coined by Shakespeare' Challenge over on HPFF - which was SUPER fun to write for! I hope you all enjoyed this!