at him over Sirius's shoulder- her eyes still a bright, glowing green, the joy shining out of them at being reunited with her cousin. He had watched her hair change to the bright pink spikes, and was quite sure that he had never seen anything so beautiful in his life. He had been dumbfounded by her, and was sure that he had looked a fool with his mouth hanging open and eyes wide as he drank in her beauty. Remus sighed. "What's the use? She won't want me once she knows," he said in a disgusted voice. He stepped away from the wall and covered the distance to the door in three strides. He pulled it open and stepped outside, needing air, needing to clear his head. He closed it gently behind himself so as not to wake up the portrait, and followed the porch to the edge of the house, out of sight of anyone coming through the door. He braced his elbows on the sagging rail and leaned forward, allowing the wind to play with his hair. " It was half an hour, Moony, you've got to let this go. She's his cousin. She's too young for you. Too beautiful. Too bright. Too everything for a werewolf ." He sighed as he looked up to the sky. It wasn't dark enough to see the stars yet, which also meant his nemesis wasn't out to torment him either. Remus loved the night sky, but the moon was his own personal Dementor. He hated the bright glare of it, hated what the full moon forced him to do every month. These moments in the fading light were his favorite. He got a perverse sort of enjoyment out of stealing some evening gloom for himself before the moon rose high in the sky. He sighed, tipped his face back and closed his eyes, and let the fading light wash over him. He still had no idea what he was going to do. It really had only been a half hour or so. But Remus was a firm believer in things that could change your life in an instant. He had first-hand proof of it, after all, and rubbed a hand across the old scar on his shoulder. He stayed where he was a few moments more, until he heard footsteps coming towards him. He turned his head and smiled at the old man a few feet away. It was too dark to see the blue of his eyes twinkling as he smiled, but for Albus Dumbledore, a smile was never far from his lips when he came upon one of his favorite students. "Mr. Lupin," he said in his gentle voice as he stepped closer. "I do believe we have a meeting tonight, do we not?" he asked, no trace of reproach in his voice. "We do, sir. I was just taking a moment." Remus smiled at his old headmaster and stepped away from the railing. "We have a new member tonight, as well," Dumbledore said, turning to lead the way back to the door. "I believe you are acquainted. Well, were acquainted, I should say," he said, winking at Remus. "Yes, and Ms. Tonks is already here. Every one is; just waiting for you, sir." Remus held his arm out for the elderly wizard, and together they entered 12 Grimmauld Place. Their footsteps were nearly silent, and they made their way down to the kitchen without awakening the portrait. "Thank you, Mr. Lupin," Dumbledore said, as he continued to the chair at the head of the table. Remus nodded and glanced around the room, looking for another empty seat. His eyes fell on the only one, and he began to make his way around the table. As he did so, he noticed who was in the next chair, and he felt his heart begin to race. "It was just half an hour, Remus. Half an hour doesn't change your life," he thought as he sat down. "Hello again, Ms. Tonks," he murmured softly to the pink-haired witch beside him. "It's just Tonks, Remus," she murmured back, her eyes flicking to his and a tiny smile on her face. Remus smiled back and turned to face Dumbledore, where he tried to focus on what the man was saying and not on the woman with emerald eyes who seemed to be able to look into his soul. "The Order is about to get a lot more interesting," he thought to himself as Dumbledore turned the meeting over to Mad-Eye. A.N. I have decided to take a break from writing multi-chapter fics. They never seem to turn out how I planned them when I started, and Auror Undercover is fighting me right now. I have a lot of other stories tumbling around in my head, and I think I'm going to focus on those for right now, until I can get the A.U. train back under control. My one-shots will probably be a bit longer than most, but that's just the way I write. When I'm looking for stories to read, I like longer ones as well. I know this could probably be the first chapter of something, but for now, this story is complete. There will be plenty other one-shots featuring these characters- I'm really excited to write some friendship fics between Remus and Sirius. I don't write slash, so don't expect any of that. For me, Remus has one love, and that's Tonks. I had fun writing this, I hope it's well received. Also, I know the quote from OotP happens much later than when Tonks joins the order, but I always imagine her causing chaos wherever she goes, and it seemed fitting for her entrance. I do not own anything of the Harry Potter universe, all credit for these wonderful characters goes to J.K. Rowling. Thank you for allowing your legion of fans to play in the sandbox you built. i Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, 78.