for daddy when it didn't work, Harry thought it was hilarious. That was all within the first half hour of the train moving. So far no one else had visited, thank all that was holy, and he was able to read in peace. Well mostly, provided he could ignore the stares from outside. He really should have worn his bloody hat before he got on the train, now everyone knew who he was! 'Croak' 'The hell?!' He peered under the seat, and lo and behold there was that blasted toad the pair were looking for. 'Couldn't you have done that when they were in here?!' 'Croak' Harry sighed, he was talking to a toad, oh well, when in Rome. 'Alright fine, so you didn't want them finding you. Good thing Hedwig's not here, that crazy owl would gulp you down in one go'. She'd taken the high road and flew to Hogwarts. Most likely she'd get there before him. 'Croak!' 'Whatever. Look you might as well come up here. I'll wind up forgetting you're there and step on you on the way out otherwise'. The toad, what was his name again, took his words to heart and hopped up onto the seat, then onto his arm, then onto his lap where it made itself quite comfortable. 'What am I, a pillow?!' 'Croak'. 'Tisk!' Smart little bugger. Harry couldn't say he was bothered either way, so the pair settled down for the rest of the trip. OOO ' The train will be at Hogsmeade in ten minutes. All students should be changed into school uniform before the train has stopped. Please leave all luggage on the train, it will be taken to Hogwarts separately'. 'Thanks creepy voice from above, already sorted' When the train finally stopped, and boy wasn't that a long trip surely there was a faster way to get to school, Harry looked longingly at his trunk, then sighed and left it behind, grabbing the toad on the way. 'Croak!' 'Well where else are you going to go? I ain't leaving you here to be eaten by one of the other pets'. Harry clocked Hagrid almost immediately, not that it was hard, joining the others to be led down a slippery, muddy path (his new shoes!) to the boats. Boats, really?! 'NO MORE THAN FOUR TAE A BOAT!' Meh. Harry got in one, let it fill with three others without comment, and after everyone was seated Hagrid gave a shout and off they went. Magic boats, why not. The others tried to get a conversation flowing, but Harry couldn't really bothered. He was sleepy, he was grumpy, but most of all he was hungry. The sight of the castle thankfully took their attention away, Harry had to admit it was impressive. Wonder if it had real dungeons? The boats docked and off they got, following Hagrid up some stairs into a large room, where they were given a lecture by a woman calling herself McGonagall. Basic stuff really, do good and be rewarded, do bad and be punished, four houses and seven years to learn to play nice with your fellow students. She left to do whatever and Harry was given a solid lesson on how kids here played nice with each other. Note the sarcasm. Arrogant blondie threw a few insults, obnoxious redhead responded to said insults, and bossy can't help but stick her nose in. At least the rest kept quiet, well besides the gasps and screams when the ghosts appeared, but who could blame them on that one. Cool though, actual ghosts in a school. Oh great, here comes arrogant for round two. 'Please Malfoy! I already told you I don't want your girl scout cookies!' Some of the group tittered, muggleborn and half blood probably. From what he'd read the magical word was way waay behind the muggle. 'Huh?! I don't have any cookies! And I'm not a girl!' Blondie didn't get the joke. Theory about backwards society confirmed. 'Good one mate!' And there was obnoxious. 'Here, this place got a lost and found so I can send him over. He's clearly lost his marbles'. More titters, at least some of them had sense. 'I haven't lost anything! What are marbles?' *Sigh* It was hard being a comic genius. 'Harry stop being so rude, you'll get in trouble and it's not even been one day!' Urh! So annoying! 'Why is it my fault tweedledum and tweedledee can't take the hint?! Go tell them off!' Titters for s third time, Harry was on fiiearr! Seriously these three were getting on his nerves. He had a better standing with the damn toad! Speaking of which, he had to give the thing back to nervous guy. 'Hey nerv…err never did remember your name. Long something?' 'N…Neville Longbottom'. 'Right, Longbottom'. Harry brought the toad out. 'TA DA!' 'TREVOR!' Oh so that's what the toad's name was. 'He was under the…err that is I found him when I got off the train'. No need to make bossy, who was already giving him the evil eye for trying to fob her off, more annoyed at him for not checking the compartment properly. To his defence, he had given the area a brief glance, and Trevor hadn't come in the compartment since the train started. Come to think of it, did that mean he was in there the entire time? Harry peered at the toad, who gave an idle croak. Was that thing a ninja toad? ' Teenage mutant ninja turtles…' Oh wait they were turtles, damn! Come to think of it even more, with bossy, obnoxious and arrogant, he might as well be back with the Dursleys. Please don't let them be in the same house Harry thought as professor McGonagall returned and led them inside. Didn't those candles drip wax over everything? Aw well, buck up, chin up, you're learning magic. Welcome to the magic world! If this place didn't have pizza he was walking back out that damn door.