Thalomus kept fingering the handle of his sword as though inspecting it for blemishes or damage while Dumbledore watched him calmly, waiting for a response. "I made a promise to Lily and James, Dumbledore-" said Thalomus at last breaking the silence. "I swore to them that if anything happened to them I would take care of Harry for them." "I don't doubt it!" Replied Dumbledore softly "I even offered once to make an unbreakable vow,-" "Did you now?" Dumbledore asked sounding slightly surprised He nodded gravely, "-I did!" "But James wouldn't hear of it, he said it was too much to ask, I tried to argue but Lily…Lily talked me down from it." Dumbledore only nodded. "I have no doubt that both Lily and James would be overjoyed to know you are doing your utmost to keep your word to them Thalomus, however !" He stressed the last part particularly. "I fear you do not realize the danger Harry now faces, not to mention the enormous responsibility you are undertaking. It was because of Lily that Harry survived the killing curse. She gave her life to protect him and by so doing has granted him powerful protection." "You know this how?" Asked Thalomus, and accusatory note in his voice. "Know?-" Replied Dumbledore, "I know many things Thalomus. The fact that Harry is alive, alive with only a tiny scar on his four head when no witch or wizard has ever survived the killing curse, with perhaps one other possible exception, is proof that Harry now has powerful protection. I know that Tom Riddle never has and never will understand such things. Nor will many of his vile servants and based on that, I do not doubt that Harry will be protected while with his aunt and uncle." "But some of Voldemort's followers, who you know are almost as evil as he is, will stop at nothing to find Harry and kill him" "And if they try!-" Thalomus cut in; "I'll personally drag each one of them to the ninth circle-of Hell!" "No doubt you would Thalomus! But you also know that they are among the most vile, and ruthless of dark wizards, and-" Thalomus suddenly shot up out of his chair, drew his sword and held it at the low ready as he glared at Dumbledore, his eyes were now blood red and glowing, the sclera black as coal as he now began shouting. "WHAT IN HELL IS YOUR POINT DUMBLEDORE?" "I'M RUTHLESS! I'M VILE! I'M EVIL AND I'M A MONSTER! ISN'T THAT'S WHAT PEOPLE HAVE BEEN SAYING ABOUT ME FOR YEARS! WELL—ISN'T IT!" "No Thalomus, you are not!" said Dumbledore who surprisingly had maintained his composure this whole time, his expression was still calm in his hands were still resting in his lap, but the sight of him sitting there calmly seemed to somehow snap Thalomus out of it. The color of Thalomus's eyes returned to their original state and for a few minutes all that could be heard with a high pitched sobs of the baby Harry who'd been woken up by his sudden outburst. Thalomus calmly re-sheathed his sword and put it beside the fireplace, he then reached down and with surprising calmness picked up Harry and started to slowly rock him side to side until he finally calmed down. Once Harry had finally gone back to sleep Thalomus put him back into the cradle and sat back down turning his attention back to Dumbledore and with a look of shame on his face. "Thalomus," said Dumbledore doggedly, "Your intentions are both good and noble-," Thalomus's face turned very cold and he began muttering strange words in a guttural tone, words that no ordinary person, muggle or wizard would understand. For they were in a language that precious few have ever known and even fewer would have had the courage to speak aloud. For the first time since he arrived Dumbledore frowned at Thalomus and shook his head. "Now really," said Dumbledore sounding disappointed, "there is no need for that kind of talk!" Thalomus was again silent for a time as Dumbledore allowed him to pour over this new information in his mind. "If you intend to take him Dumbledore, then you're going to have to pry him from my cold dead arms, then he'll have doubled the protection, won't he?!" Dumbledore heaved a deep sigh sounding very tired and looking if possible even older than usual. "So that's your answer then?" Thalomus nodded slightly "And nothing I say is going to change your mind?" "Nothing!" "You really intend to die protecting Harry then?" "Damn straight!" Growled Thalomus "Well—Than I have no further business here," Thalomus didn't respond but instead looked up at Dumbledore who was wasn't smiling but seemed to have accepted this and said "You will keep me informed of how he is doing, won't you?" "Yes!" Replied Thalomus, also without smiling "Well then I really must be off. Do take care won't you!" He stood up and reached into his pocket and took out a small leather pouch, dipped his fingers into it and through a bit of flew powder into the fire. Thalomus didn't speak or move as he watched Dumbledore step into the green flames and call out, "the leaky cauldron!" And with a sudden whoosh! He vanished. When the flames in the fireplace return to their normal yellow and he was sure that Dumbledore was gone Thalomus peered down at Harry who was miraculously still sound asleep. As he did so he thought about everything that had happened that day and about what Dumbledore had said to him. His last words for that night would be, "what have I gotten myself into?" End of chapter 1 P.S. English writing might as well be rocket science to me as English is my worst subject and I know it, so don't waste your time bemoaning it to me, because it isn't going to change anything! Though we all know you'll do it anyway.