her sober. Some Gryffindor. "Yeah, 'lo Ginny." She stood up to greet him, wrapping her arms around his neck and planting a kiss on him, or, rather, trying to. Harry awkwardly turned his head to the side, arms coming up to gently push Ginny's arms away. "Look, ah, we need to talk." Ginny backed away from him, a hard expression on her face. "You're going to Egypt for a month. Yes. The ministry told me." "Yeah, and also-" "I want to come with you, Harry." "You- what?" Two sentences in, and already Harry's prepared speech was destroyed. "I want to come with you. I figure that if we really love each other, we shouldn't be apart for a month. And I'm good with hexes. I could end up being useful." Harry ran his hands through his hair, pulling at it from the roots. "Ginny, I don't want-" "I won't be a burden. I promise. I can handle myself." "Ginny, no one is saying you can't handle yourself." "Then why can't I go with you?" Harry sighed, leading her to sit down on the couch. "Gin, you know I love you. I really do. But this isn't working. We aren't good for each other. I think that this relationship is making us both miserable… and shit." Forgetting the end of the line, he improvised. "I've got to do what's best for both of us. And put a finish to this relationship." Harry could feel his words slur together, and took a gulp of air to stave off the buzz he was feeling. "Harry, are you breaking up with me?" Ginny asked incredulously. Harry watched miserably as the recognition dawned on her face, and she suddenly looked as though she'd been punched. "Why?" "I'm not happy." "But. I love you." Ginny appeared to be in a state of shock, but true to her nature she looked far from crying. "Are you gay, Harry? I've always wondered. I know you say you're bisexual, but-" "I'm not gay, Gin," Harry said angrily. "This isn't about that. We don't make each other happy. You don't make me happy." "Fine," Ginny said crossing her arms. "Then get out of my flat." "This is OUR flat, Ginny, I'm on the lease-" "If you don't get out of my flat in the next ten minutes, I will call the Prophet and tell them you're gay." Harry stared at her, shocked that she would stoop so low. Her voice more gentle, Ginny continued, "I don't know what your issues are, Potter, but I don't want to have to stand here watching you figure them out after you leave me. I need you to leave tonight so I can process this." She turned away, long red hair fluttering behind her as she walked into their bedroom and closed the door. For a moment, Harry almost thought he heard a sob. He hurriedly threw his most important belongings into a bag and left, stumbling down the streets aimlessly as he thought of where he should go. Grimmauld place was filled with aurors from out of the country for now, while the ministry rebuilt a safe house that had been destroyed by a dragon a few weeks ago. Ron and Hermione's wasn't an option either, in this case. Unwilling to bother any of his friends so late, Harry decided his best bet was to spend the night at his desk, and rent a hotel room for the next few nights. He apparated to the ministry, feeling lucky to have made it in one piece in his state. Drinking and apparition were frowned upon, especially for an auror. "Potter?" Harry turned around in surprise, gripping his wand out of habit. "Malfoy? Whateryou still doing here? It's two in the morning!" "Finishing up a potion. A very time delicate one." Malfoy surveyed Harry's disarrayed state and sniffed haughtily. "What happened to you, Potter? You smell like a cheap whorehouse." "Had a few drinks," he muttered, trying unsuccessfully to smooth his robes and hair. "I'll floo your Weasley, have her come take you home," Malfoy said, uncharacteristically generous. "Broke up!" Harry managed to get out. "I-err, broke up with her. I'm going to sleep here." "Ah," Malfoy said impassively. "Well you're coming to sleep at my manor, then. I don't want to get sacked for letting the Famous Harry Potter sleep at a desk." "No, no," Harry protested unconvincingly as the blond man grabbed his arm. In his inebriated state, Draco Malfoy's touch felt like lightning running through his arm. Harry looked up at him, suddenly noticing how strong he was, and how soft his blonde hair looked when it was slicked back like that. He opened his mouth to say something, but then he was being apparated, and his guts were compressed and twisted until he couldn't handle it. "Gunna be sick," he said, and Draco leaped out of the way looking green as Harry threw up into his rose bushes. Malfoy vanished the vomit looking irritated, but his mouth curled into a sneer as he turned back to Harry. "Good lord, Potter, did no one ever teach you how to hold your liquor? You're like a first year having his first butterbeer." "I can handle it, Malfoy," Harry protested angrily. "I drank more than you could handle in a month tonight." "TWO butterbeers?" Malfoy asked in fake astonishment. "Shove off." "Get your drunk arse inside. I expect you to make sure you haven't killed any roses in the morning. The gardener doesn't come until Tuesday." Harry leaned on Malfoy slightly as they headed for a guest room, muttering curses and insults at his childhood enemy as he did so. Malfoy pointedly ignored him, dumping him onto the bed unceremoniously and leaving, shutting the door after him. Harry stared at the ceiling of the room, waiting for that guilt to hit him again but it didn't. He had ended the guilt, and somehow, after all of the drama of the day he felt free.