his eyes light up as he lays eyes on Narcissa. He hurries towards her, practically beaming, and Narcissa completely forgets to interrogate her son as to where he heard such opinions and what he was doing. She forgets her worries and the returned presence of the half-giant oaf, who seems appropriately nervous at the appearance of a Malfoy, because Draco seems to be glowing and she's been worrying that she'd never see such a genuine smile out of him again. "Mother!" Draco says brightly. "I thought you were looking at wands!" It takes Narcissa a beat, but she manages to smile down at him. It's not as hard as it should have been after such a worrying morning, because Draco looks so very, very happy. She cannot remember a time when she saw him so happy. "I came to fetch you. After all, I can't pick a wand for you, darling," Narcissa reminds him, voice becoming more fond and sure in the face of… this. "Your wand needs to pick you." Draco agrees easily and grabs her hand to tug her into Ollivander's, still brimming with excitement. Narcissa, still slightly stunned, watches carefully as Draco seems to know a hawthorn wood and unicorn hair wand is meant for him the moment he lays eyes upon it. The match takes only three tries, a far shorter time than it took either Narcissa or Lucius, and Draco seems more utterly content than excited at finally getting his wand. Ollivander gives Draco a strange look a few times, but Narcissa dismisses it at her forcing her perspective on a meaningless action. Ollivander gives everyone strange looks and ominous statements, as people often say is a wandmaker's prerogative, strange people that they are. Draco's happiness and exuberance continues for the entire rest of the afternoon. They find Lucius outside the bookshop and he stares at Draco in bewilderment for a moment before masking it, then continues giving Draco and Narcissa bewildered looks when Draco is not looking as they finish the rest of Draco's school supply shopping. He even pulls Narcissa aside with another expression demanding answers at one point, when Draco is distracted by a handsome silver cauldron. Narcissa has no answers to give him, because she doesn't know at all what to make of Draco's uncharacteristic and unexpected friendship with the Boy-Who-Lived. So Lucius spends the rest of the afternoon frowning at the incredibly delighted Draco behind his back or shooting Narcissa increasingly confused looks. Narcissa and Lucius are both exhausted by the time they are finished, but Draco is still flying high on boundless, happy energy. As soon as they return to Malfoy Manor, the elf takes their cloaks and Draco excuses himself to his room with his new school supplies. Lucius makes straight for the parlor brandy and Narcissa goes to lie down on the nearby sofa, where Lucius serves her a glass of brandy before collapsing into a chair with his own glass. They stay like that, for a good while, without either of them daring to broach the subject of Draco's strangeness and apparent mood swings. Lucius loves Draco dearly but is not nearly as involved in caring for him as Narcissa is, and Narcissa feels as though her head is spinning from how the ground seems to have switched places with the sky. "Draco was acting… differently today," Lucius says finally, awkwardly. "Yes, he was," Narcissa agrees. Should she mention the disturbance just past dawn? How does she even begin to dissect how Draco is acting abnormally? Whose words was Draco repeating in Madam Malkin's? And how is she to at all understand the sudden and kindly friendship between Draco and a ragamuffin, incredibly ignorant Boy-Who-Lived? "Perhaps... he is growing up…?" Lucius wonders, still awkwardly. Narcissa was wondering that much earlier today and the idea frightened her. Now, she cannot at all believe that this is simply Draco growing up and she is more frightened than the chill in her chest can possibly contain. Growing up cannot change a child so much in a single night. It can't. She would think him another person entirely if not for the familiar bright light of him in the wards. "Perhaps," Narcissa says, which startles Lucius some. He knows how much she dislikes the idea of Draco growing up and apart from them, and suspects why, although she doesn't say it. Like Dromeda did. Like Bella did. Will Narcissa have to confront Draco about this? It is beginning to seem like she must. Waiting and watching is leaving her increasingly confused, and waiting and watching did her no favors when it came to her sisters. She does not want to lose her son because of an unwillingness to act, a desire not to press, a lesson at her mother's knee to always stay silent and subtle and cautious. It feels as though she is losing her son. How did it come to this in less than a day? Narcissa rises from the sofa and walks over to Lucius' chair. He places his brandy on a side table, she sits down on his lap, and his arms immediately come around her, all without a word. He presses his lips to the top of her head and takes her brandy to place it on the side table too. They stay that way for a good while. oOo END Author's Note: I have no more in me for this at the moment. Sigh. Maybe another time. There is a companion fic of sorts to this that I will begin posting shortly. It's a time travel fic where an adult Draco comes back in time to this same time period, more or less, so that there are two Draco Malfoys. The older one teams up with his mom, an unlikely sidekick, to save the British Wizarding World. They win, unsurprisingly. It's called "You'll Go the Same Way", it's probably one of my fav HP fics I've written, and it's completed. Look out for it.