slipping away from him. He wanted death. It had been the longest two weeks of his life, which certainly said something because he used to work eight hours at the Ministry of Magic regularly. As he laid in bed thinking about his life, he wondered why much of it really mattered. Amelia Bones. He'd handcrafted that woman out of nothing, literally nothing, for the Ministry of Magic. Benjamin Fenwick had been his, too, his right hand man (or his lefthand man, for this was Elphinstone's dominant hand), though he was dead now. The two of them, Amelia and Benji, had married. In his life, his personal life, things dwindled down to his best mate and his family and Elphinstone's life and her family. No regrets. Other than the part where he and Mitchel Burke had lost seven years over some woman, Mitchel's first wife, he held no regrets here. When it came to Minerva? Elphinstone chose not to dwell on this. In the end, he'd gotten what he wanted. He slept at least half his life away nowadays because he got to escape the pain, and it make life easier. He woke up laughing in the middle of the night. Surprised he wasn't sleeping alone in the single bed, Elphinstone pulled his wife closer and breathed in her rosemary and lemon scented shampoo. Minerva's hair fell damp, though she'd changed into robes after taking a shower. "What is it?" she asked, her eyes still closed. "Oh, nothing. Thinking about Mitchel, I suppose. " He glanced at the lantern on the bedside table, wondering why she always kept the lights on. Thinking there was no time better than the present, he leaned on his good side, running his fingers through her hair. "I'm pretty sure this is against hospital policy. You're breaking the rules, Professor." "I don't care," she said, turning to face him. "The chair is uncomfortable. And I couldn't sleep." "Why not?" Elphinstone knew why. If they didn't knock him out with three different sleeping potions, including the Lotus Leaf, he'd probably never fall asleep. They force-fed him everything, and he refused to eat unless he was hungry. He'd lost thirty pounds in a short period of time. On the plus side, the Healers had thrown most of the rules out of window, so he could eat whatever he wished when he got a hankering. He'd barely touched food today. "Maisie came up an idea to get you to eat," she said, lighting the lantern on the other bedside table. "Calling her Maisie now, are we?" He smiled. "I knew you liked her. No. I'm not smoking again. I can't believe you'd agree to that." "I don't care. If it eases your pain, I don't care anymore. It's not a cigarette." "Minerva." He chuckled, brushing her hair out of her face and kissing her. "I grew up much less sheltered than you. I grew up with Mitchel, all right? Give a man some credit, okay? I know." "Oh. You never told me that." Elphinstone relaxed a little, trying to make this as comfortable as possible for her, though he'd never thought of her as the pious reverend's daughter. He knew, he simply knew where this conversation was headed. The substance was an illegal one. Mitchel would go through lengths to not see his friend, his brother, in pain. They'd known each other since they were small boys. Elphinstone knew this was why Mitchel hadn't visited him in hospital; he couldn't watch Elphinstone die. Minerva had visited the Three Broomsticks last night, and as the barman, Mitchel got his hands on this stuff. "He gave you some?" Elphinstone shook his head, laughing before she even answered him. He would've paid money, good money, to see that awkward exchange. He held out his hand. "Give it here." "Are you sure?" she asked. "You want me to have an appetite?" Minerva found a bag in her handbag and handed it over before she went to open the window. She handed him a lighter. "I can't believe a matron suggested this." "I can." He lit up, took a drag, and closed his eyes. What did it truly matter at this point? He hadn't smoked anything in nearly twenty years, and he'd missed it without knowing it because it stayed dormant in the back of his mind. She wouldn't want to discuss this, especially not in the middle of the night, but Elphinstone needed her to hear he had set his affairs in order. "Minerva." "No." She recognized his businesslike tone. But he was running out of time. As an estate lawyer, the last thing he was his possessions contested in probate court. Not that he'd care, really, because he'd be in the ground. He worried about her. "My lawyer is Jonathan Harkin." She knew this already. But Minerva nodded. "Everything's yours." "Except whatever you've gifted," she said. "You're leaving Rosmerta your shares to the Three Broomsticks? She's Mitchel's granddaughter." "And one hundred and fifty-thousand Galleons to cover expenses." "Elphinstone, she's nineteen." Minerva raised her eyebrows, surprised. She chose not to argue with him when he shrugged it off like it was nothing. She moved onto her nieces and nephews. "Do I even want to know what you've left the kids?" "Not really." He smiled, wrapping the contraband and handing it back to her. "Amelia gets a fourth of the estate. Though her children can't touch anything until they're thirty." "That's generous of you," she said fairly, climbing back in the bed. Elphinstone understood this was the end of the estate discussion. When he started kissing her neck, she closed her eyes and enjoyed his touch. "You're tired, Elphinstone, I can tell by your voice." "I'm exhausted," he admitted, exhaling deeply and resting his head on her shoulder. He nodded off for the first time without slipping into an induced coma in days, and she stayed by his side for the next few nights. On the seventeenth day, Elphinstone simply drifted off to sleep.