and they mean nothing. We have each other. That's … that's all that matters. Let's go home." Emmeline swore she picked up something in Gideon's voice when he suggested Mundungus talk to Professor Dumbledore about joining the Order as they had no sway in this decision. Gideon changed his first nappy, pulling it off flawlessly like he'd been doing it for years because he'd had a lot of practice with Molly's children. He passed the baby off to Emmeline, calling her Sophie, and kissed her forehead. "Sophie." Emmeline touched the baby's nose and smiled at the sound of the name. Fabian gave the full name, Sophie Jacqueline Charlotte Marceau, something he had in his back trouser pocket a long time ago. "Charlotte. That's the fourth generation to carry that name." "Uh huh." Fabian swung the rucksack over his shoulder and invited Mundungus to leave first. Fabian swept the room, careful not to touch anything not leave a hair out of place because the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. He winked at Emmeline, saying he needed time with this favorite niece. (She was his only one.) Fabian lived for the single life of a bachelor and strayed away from commitment like the plague or dragon pox, so he went with seasonal attractions when it came to women. He didn't date anyone at the Ministry or the Order of the Phoenix on principle, because this added unnecessary melodrama to his life, and chances were, someone would end up dead. "Marriage isn't end of the world." Emmeline took Gideon's hand and hoped she never got stranded in the Paris ghetto again. Fabian, walking backwards, turned to Gideon like he needed a translation to get filled in on the conversation. Emmeline took her wand when he offered it to her. She got the joke. "Oh, you're hilarious, Mr. Prewett. It was in English, thank you very much." "It was funny." Gideon, the responsible and eldest one, sounded tired. They stopped by the hospital to get the baby checked out. Emmeline zoned out when the officers from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement questioned her. Gideon snapped his fingers under her nose and advised someone, any Healer, to run a rape kit. Emmeline declined this as a pointless step, but she did it anyway after she gave her statement. They asked thrice to catch things or holes in her story. "Fabian's got to file a report." "No." Emmeline silently cursed herself as tears spilled into her hair. Why had she showered before thinking of this procedure? There was nothing to gather, of course, yet any lawyer with half a brain would ask why. Gideon sat at her head and ran his fingers through her hair. "Time needs to slow down for a few nights. Please." Gideon turned his head and spoke to Fabian on the other side of the curtain. "Yeah, that's fine. I'll stay." Fabian cursed when Gideon told him not to hang around France simply to get buried underneath a mountain of paperwork, parchment, and assignment. "What did I say, Monsieur Negotiator?" "He's staying in Paris," said Gideon brightly, rubbing his hands together. Fabian tacked on an insult at the end. "I'm supposed to be in Madrid and then Seville in three hours." "That's not happening," laughed Emmeline, shaking her head and putting her clothes back on. After they double checked everything, she left the hospital gown on the bed and signed a birth certificate with Gideon. They listed the religion as Roman Catholicism and Sophie's nationality as French because Gideon held a dual citizenship by marriage. "You've got a sidekick." Fabian purchased an old-fashioned black pram from a nearby shop, got a date with the proprietor, and came back to get them ready to head back home. Fabian asked if they wanted to go to Calais. Gideon said no. They went into the small house and got situated. Emmeline nearly crawled out her skin when she backtracked and saw Albus Dumbledore sitting in the dark sitting room; none of them caught this on the first turn. He sat with his fingertips together and buried his face in his weathered hands. "I took your papa's key," he said, placing it on the table. He studied Emmeline's face. "She's dead," Emmeline said emotionlessly, in a matter-of-fact tone and nodded when Dumbledore asked if she was all right. "No." "What do you need?" Dumbledore stayed put and set her on track; he caught the Deluminator with a quick hand when she tossed it in the air. "There's a funeral? Notre Dame. I think … she devoted her research to the University of Paris. There's a eulogy … I can't … I can't." "Gabriel asked to take that responsibility." Dumbledore waited for permission. Emmeline hated that she wasn't there to say goodbye, and he coaxed this out of her. He got up and embraced her. "Look at me. No, sweet girl, she knew. You were there. She wasn't … she left the other day." Emmeline asked how he knew this. "She called me Nicolas and asked me to read the next chapter. There was no book." Dumbledore reached in his robes and handed her a Rosary, Jacqueline's Rosary, and an ordinary silver cigarette lighter. His eyes twinkled when Gideon handed him a wrapped bundle. "This is the new Mademoiselle Marceau? She's beautiful. Hello." Sophie, of course, said nothing, though her small arm had wringed out of the blanket, and Dumbledore kissed her hand before he went to sit back down. While Fabian went to drop his things in the bedroom, Gideon sat beside Emmeline on the couch as the professor shared a story about a homeless girl called Jacqueline. Emmeline flicked the lighter absentmindedly and played with the illuminating blue flame. Professor Dumbledore paused, thinking as he replaced his half-moon spectacles on his crooked nose, and smiled when Emmeline suggested he start at the beginning. *"Keep your distance, you drunkard." *"You are safe with this man. He's with me, Emmeline. You're not alone.", a broken translation