even lurking in the other sides' encampment as well. Voldemort believes he is above each and every one of us, but his powers are feeble at best. The only match they are for is for this country's weakness. Now, though, he has found his doom. The 'light' was too weak to destroy him, so now it is our turn to finish the task. Now, it is our time to rid the world of the 'dark' and provide something stronger than and incorruptible unlike the 'light.' "Last night was the first night of many. The first of our mission to free magical Britain, then all of the magical world, and finally the entire world itself! "Ladies, gentlemen, and magical creatures alike, warriors for the grey cause… the war has begun!" From the Great Hall of Hogwarts, a resounding cheer and yell cast out into the early morning light. All around the world, the same feeling of joy and hope was inspired in all the followers of the Grey as they listened in on their communication devices. The Grey Order and its allies knew it: the war had definitely begun. Dumbledore and the Ministry knew it as well. With the massive loss they had just suffered, Fudge was meeting with the old man to discuss the plan for the upcoming war. "Minister, pleasure to see you again." Dumbledore greeted from his desk inside his new office at the Ministry of Magic. "Please Dumbledore last night was a long night. Let's dispense with the pleasantries. Let me hear your plan for this war." Cornelius Fudge sat down, a worn look on his face. "Very well…" Dumbledore drifted off before standing up and turning around to a map of Hogwarts he had drawn. "The first matter is that this group is not one type of force. From what some of the wounded aurors have seen and mentioned, there are the normal troops, which nobody has identified except that they look like regular soldiers but with masks blocking any view of their faces and no identifying marks. They appear to use magic and guns, which obviously shows a very uncivil nature about our enemy. Then, there are the former familiars of the founders, whom I've personally encountered. I believe the founders of Hogwarts empowered their animals to be even greater than they were in nature. The Grey has a griffin from Gryffindor, a badger from Hufflepuff, an eagle from Ravenclaw, and a basilisk from Slytherin, though there also appears to be a mate for the basilisk of Slytherin." "You're telling me there's two basilisks?" Fudge almost fainted. "Unfortunately, yes." Dumbledore nodded grimly. "On top of that, I assume they have at least the centaurs in the Dark Forest and the Giant Squid in the Dark Lake. Also, they possess defenses hidden away on the exterior and possibly interior of the castle as well as the defenses already installed in the castle by the founders such as the stone statues and suits of armor." "And for this Grey Order?" The Minister interrupted. "They seem to be very mighty. Obviously, they are led by Harry Potter Hogwarts since he is the heir to the founders and his wife, Daphne née Greengrass, and are composed of students of the school. Their reach is quite uncertain, and, frankly, we do not know much of them besides their blend of dark and light magic with guns and other weaponry. They wear the color of their belief in magic in their armor but are skilled spies, blending in where necessary, as seen by their extensive hiding at Hogwarts. Otherwise, we do not know anything but that they quite deadly and are gaining a following. They must be crushed quickly before they gain a strong foothold in our country or else we run the risk of a very long and destructive war, or even worse, a horrific loss on our part." "Are you saying that they could, if left unattended, uproot this nation's very government itself?" Fudge asked disbelievingly. "Minister, I am saying that if they are not stopped soon, then they could do whatever they wished with this nation at a whim." Dumbledore spoke solemnly. "And, Minister, we are quickly running out of time." Dumbledore paused a moment to let his next words set in with Cornelius. "The war has already begun." "Master, I've prepared for you a quick report of what we have gathered on this new force, the Grey Order, as they like to call themselves." Lucius Malfoy bowed before his pretend lord. "Go ahead, Malfoy." Voldemort hissed from his chair. The head of the Malfoy family then proceeded to inform the Dark Lord of all the things The Grey Order wanted Voldemort to know, though their powers were greatly undermined by the fact that the Ministry was its opponent in the latest battle in Magical Britain, which Malfoy used to make the force seem quite vulnerable and easy to defeat to the Dark Lord. "Good. The Ministry will be so much easier to conquer with them already occupied with the Grey." Voldemort chuckled cruelly. "Now, the war shall begin." Little did the dark or the light know, however, that the grey had a totally different definition of what the war was to be and encompass. For while the light and dark thought that this was to be contained within only magical Britain, the Grey was going to stretch this war all over the world in both the magical and non-magical sides. That morning when the first battle ended a war began that the Grey had been planning for its entire existence, and it was overjoyed at the fact that it's plan was finally commencing. In the snow covered mountains somewhere hidden in Europe, Victor was drinking straight from his bottle of champagne inside the large chamber where the head council was to reside, and the others throughout the base as well as other Grey Bases were celebrating in their own different ways. The war was now to begin.