up as snug as a bug in a rug. Heheh. I stepped over him, aware of his beady eyes following my back as I tugged off my outer robe and hung it up on the coat stand by the door. Finally, I turned back to my captive, crossing my arms over my chest before saying. "So...I'm really sorry about this but you tried to strangle me. I didn't really have a choice." Bard just stared at me with hate filled little eyes, and for a second I wondered why he wasn't saying anything. And then I remembered the ropes covering his mouth. Oops. Stepping forwards, I tapped the bindings with my wand, allowing the ropes to slither back down to his neck, freeing his mouth. I immediately regretted my decision as he started yelling, flopping around on the floor like some kind of crazy worm as he tried to bite my hand. "ACK! Blimey, bloody, stinking hell." I whipped my hand back before giving him a sharp kick to the side. It was like kicking a log, but it seemed to calm him down some as he said, "I'm gonna KILL you, you filthy little piece of scum!" I nodded absently, busy rifling through his robes for clues. I let out an 'AHA' of triumph when I discovered the envelope that Celia had given to him, dancing away as the big man tried to wiggle at me once more. "HEY! GIVE THAT BACK. THAT'S MINE." I used my wand to magically unseal the letter, careful not to break the wax as I pulled the parchment out from within. It was heavy paper, only slightly stained, and covered in thin, loopy hand writing. I waved my hand at Bard, annoyed. "I'm going to give it back, Merlin's beard...what do you take me for? I'll be needing you to complete the trade so we can catch all you slimy little varmints in one fell swoop." This seemed to stun Bard into a brief silence, and I took advantage of it, my brow furrowed as I scanned the letter. Bard, I'm so glad that you came through on our deal. Now that you've proven yourself over these past years, I'm willing to allow you in on a bigger piece of the trade. Meet me at the Stone Willow, tomorrow at midnight. We have them fresh from the Ukraine and they're in perfect condition. I hope that we can come to an agreement that is satisfactory for the both of us. Sincerely, Celia P. So Celia was running things, or at least a part of things. I nodded, accepting this. It seemed right. She held herself in that leaderly sort of way; confident, skilled. And the way she spoke to Bard, it seemed like she was largely in control of the operation "I trust no one, not even MY most loyal customers..." Her customers. I rubbed my mouth, ignoring Bard as he started trying to inch his way across the floor and towards the door. And this Stone Willow...that must be the drop point. Where they were going to trade...whatever it was they were trading? A light bulb suddenly went off in my head, and I walked back over to Bard, kicking the big man again to get him to stop moving, and then shoving him over onto his stomach so I could reach the rucksack he'd taken from Celia. He immediately started bellowing again. "NOOO! Get off me. Get away from that. THAT'S-" I cut him off. "Yours, I know. Like I said." I grunted as I cut the pack off his shoulders, heaving it a safe distance away from the big man so I could get a peek inside. I set it down with a clunk and sighed, looking down at Bard. "I'll give your stuff back as soon as I'm done putting my dirty paws all over it." I undid the drawstrings on the top of the sack, pulling it open, and then I gasped. I wasn't sure what I expected...actually I had expected just this, but it was still a shock to see them all the same. I reached into the sack, grunting as I pulled out an egg that was roughly the texture of an unripe pine cone, and the size of a small watermelon. It was warm to the touch, and the color of a robins egg...except with a steely sort of glimmer to it when you turned it in the light. My eyes must have been wide as saucers as I breathed "Dragoooons...gotcha." I grinned, sliding the egg back into the sack, and tied it shut again. When I looked back up to check on Bard, he was at the door and trying to sit up to open it with his teeth. The wonder in my heart died a little as I pulled out my wand and knocked the man out with a quick Stupefy. Frowning, I resealed the letter, and then dragged the rucksack over to Bard's unconscious body. I undid the hairy man's bonds, and then slid the letter back into his dirty robes. The rucksack went on next, and I used Repairo to reattach the straps. I gave the bag a gentle pat. "Don't worry, guys. We'll have you back where you belong in no time. I know a guy in Romania that would love to take care of you." I stood up straight and took a deep breath, shaking my head as I put my robes back on. "Alright, time to put you back where you came from, Mr. Bard...but first." I pointed my wand at the mans big, hairy head, casting a simple charm to grow back his singed off beard and eyebrows. I hesitated for a moment...I hated casting this spell, even on scum like Bard. But it was necessary. Twisting my mouth, I said softly "Obliviate." A soft glow of green light bathed Bard's face, and then disappeared. Shaking my head, I gripped Bard's robes in my hand and disapparated.