Sneeze said rolling his eyes. "What was 'the golden clan' doing following you up here? And where the hell have you been?!" Stoned asked. "Oh you guys won't believe the nerves on those self-centered bastards!" I said seating next to Drousy and trailing off telling them the whole story. "Did you see the look on James Potter's face?!" Drousy said laughing. "It was hilarious he looked baffled!" "Honestly, I've been having classes with them for over five years! And I share a dorm with the girls!" I said in disbelieve. "Well in their defense you really look different Snow." Healer said eyeing me weirdly. "Is it too much?" I asked concerned. "Don't worry Snow, you look better than ever!" Cheerful said reassuring me and I smiled at him. "Ok." I said relaxing a bit. "So, what did I miss?!" I asked them. It had been certainly weird not seeing them over the summer, we usually did so many things together on our vacation - specially on summer - that not having them around seemed a bit off. Even though I did ended up having the time of my life at camp. Unfortunately I knew I would never speak to the girls again, it was a muggle camp, so all my promises of writing them e-mails where in vain since muggle electronic devices wouldn't work at Hogwarts, and I couldn't owl them unless I intended to scare them to death! "You know, the usual..." Stoned said and I nodded, we usually did do the exact same things for or summer break. "But it was weird not having you around this year, can you believe that Mss. Frances finally has a boyfriend?!" "No!" I said in complete chock. Mss. Frances was Drousy's neighbor, she was about seventy years old and has been single for as long as we lived - that is if you don't count her weird relationship with all her eight cats, and yes, she did seemed to think that she was married to all of them. "Yep, and it's freaking disgusting! It looked like their relationship is a menáge between them and all the cats." Healer said making a discussed face to which we all copied. "Oh, and one of the caramel ones died, they did quite a service in her backyard, it went on for an entire day..." Sneeze said rolling his eyes. No, we're not animal haters, in fact we all love cats, but what you all have to understand is that those cats are pure evil! There's always at least one outside to hiss at us if we open Drousy's front door and we haven't been able to go to his backyard in ages because apparently they feel like they own the place. "I just hope they don't get another one to replace it..." Grouchy said crossing his arms and making us all nod in agreement. "But it doesn't look like we're the ones with news to tell, you look like you had the time of your life Snow!" Shy said sweetly. "Not the ones with news? Mss. Frances is dating! That seems like shocking information to me!" I said and immediately we all started laughing. "Seriously though Snow, tell us about your summer." Drousy said smiling at me. "Oh, It was amazing! I mean, I really missed you guys, but the girls were really nice to me, which was kind of a relieve, you know how worried I was about being thrown to the wolves, but since there were no boys they seemed to think that giving me a makeover was a lovely summer camp project." I finished shrugging while smiling. "That explains a lot." Grouchy said raising his eyebrows while staring at me. "Grouchy, don't be such a pain, she looks great!" Healer said frowning at him. "I never said she didn't." He said rolling his eyes. "Can you two let Snow finish?" Sneeze said looking annoyed at the pair. "So anyway..." I continued ignoring Grouchy's interruption. "Did you know that muggles have an insanely amount of beauty products that actually had effect on my skin?!" "I think we could tell that Snow." Cheerful said laughing. "Oh, and I had my first kiss!" I said excitedly. "YOU DID?!" Drousy shouted so loud that I almost fell off my seat. Drousy was normally pretty quiet. "Merlin Drousy! You almost scared Snow to death!" Grouchy said shaking his head in disapproval but laughing all the same. "Sorry Snow. I was sort of Drousy when you said it, caught me off guard, that's all. "He said shrugging and making us all laugh. The rest of the train ride was pretty much the same, we chatted like if there were years of catching up to do - although in my case, my summer had more things going on than all my previous year all together. My dorks seemed pretty excited for me which only made me relax even more. Maybe I still was the same dorky soul, only with better taste, make-up and experience, or something along the lines. AN: And so I give you the first chapter of my story! What did you think?! As I said I know it's not a common topic, but that's the fun in it, right?! Please don't forget to help me and review it so that I know whether I should continue this story or not! And here is a sneak peek of what the next chapter will look like in case the story is worth continuing: (...) "Because I'm captain and I need a new Seeker!" He said shrugging. "So why don't you stop wasting your time with me and go find one?" I said turning my back to him and proceeding to walk towards the dungeons. My dorky boys quickly followed. "Attitude, I like it!" I heard Weasley saying and rolled my eyes. "They completely lost it!" I told my boys a bit annoyed. "I'd watch out for that one Snow, Wotters tend to get things their way..." (...)