shouldn't matter, r-right?" Draco's eyes usually shrouded to be entirely devoid of emotion held a small glimmer of hope. "No, I'm sorry, but these spells don't care what gender you are they just want the deed done and seeing as this necklace automatically makes us married you have two months." Draco's eyes fell to the floor were they glued themselves to his shoes. "What about the other stuff?" He whispered not trusting his voice any louder. "The submissives are the only two out of an all male bonding like this one that can have children. The next would be termed the 'third dominant' only because he tops the two submissives but is submissive to the 'second dominant' and the 'alpha dominant'. The 'second dominant' is only submissive to the 'alpha' and is in charge when the 'alpha' is away." Harry paused a second for them to understand, seeing as he now had the other three's full attention again. "The 'alpha dominant' cannot be question his word is law he controls everything in the relationship between himself and his four submissives. Their money, life, and all choices they could possibly make are his. If the 'alpha' wanted to he could tell you to never wear clothes again and you would have to follow his instruction no rules can change it even if the Minister himself said 'Put clothes on,' you would not be able to. If you broke his rules he can punish you in any way he saw fit." All four men gave him wide eyed looks two filled with so much fear and horror it hurt to met their gaze, another with just plain horror and the last with poorly masked glee. Voldemort opened his mouth to declare himself the alpha dominant but Harry got there first. "We do not get to choose which one we are, the necklace chooses for us." The Dark Lord let his mouth fall closed with a snap. "Now, shall we find out how you match up with me?" Harry looked at the necklace sitting almost innocently on the desk in front of him. ~Next Morning~ Harry, with Luna leaning against him, led his troop of Slytherin into the great hall at breakfast. "See Minerva I told you Harry would be here to explain. There was no need to worry." Dumbledore gave a sweet trust me smile to the room. Minerva stood and gave her favorite gryffindor a stern look. "Mr. Potter, would you care to explain why you left with these four men yesterday?" Harry ignored her and continued to walk toward the middle of the room going between the gryffindor and slytherin tables, stopping when he came to were Hermione was seated. "So Harry, is it time yet?" Hermione stood straight with her shoulders squared, giving the Boy-Who-Lived a leveled look you wouldn't typically find on a teenager. "Sure Mia." Harry smirked at her, flashing a knowing smile. "Good cause I was done playing anyway." Hermione waved her hand over her face and down her body. Slowly the bushy brown hair, school uniform, and short buck teethed girl faded from view to be replaced with a taller girl with short blonde hair in a pixy cut wearing a blood red halter top, flowing black leather mini-skirt, large black military style boots that end at the knee, a dark grey leather duster, a shoulder holster holding a firestar, its twin in a thigh holster just peeking out from under her skirt, and though no one could see it on her left arm was her wand holstered snuggly. Mia ran a hand threw her hair. "Being just the brains was boring, I'd much rather be in the action then a little kid that panics first then thinks." She gave Harry an evil smirk. Harry smiled at her. "There's no wood, honestly. You almost killed me with that one." Hermione nodded amused. "I try." "So, what will you do know," Harry had to ask they had been playing this game for so long they truly hadn't thought about what they would do when they were done, he whispered teasingly "Dark Lady?" His mates Hermione and Luna were the only ones who seemed to hear him. "Well it seems like you got some people to take care of you and you to take care of in turn… So I think I'm going to see my girlfriend this weekend and finish out school in America." Mia smiled reassuringly at the man she considered her big brother. "Don't worry I'll come back if ya need me to pull you out of some hole you dug," Her words were light and joking but Harry knew she was utterly and completely serious. "Alright Mia send me a Luna a postcard and remember to visit for the holiday's, okay?" Harry pulled her into a fierce hug which she returned hugging him just as hard. Luna stood there looking at them with a sad smile on her face. Hermione and Harry looked up as if they felt her sorrow and pulled her into the hug laughing. "How could I not come check up on my family?" Hermione whispered into Luna's hair, causing Luna to smile again. Ron, it seemed couldn't take anymore he slammed his hands on the table before him. "Hermione, Harry, what the hell is going on here? Your," He pointed at Hermione who had let go of Harry and Luna in favor of standing next to them. "Dressed strangely, carrying muggle weapons and you," He pointed at Harry this time. "Are being escorted around by a bunch of murderous death eaters. What the bloody hell is happening here?" Hermione and Harry shared a look and sighed it, playing the part of traitors hoping they would accept that Ron was in the dark about the situation at hand. Harry stepped up to explain. "Yes Harry, my boy, that's what we would all like to know." Dumbledore intoned hoping to get his answers. Harry opened his mouth to reply… Edited (9/28/2015)