Thanks. See you later?" Charlie got up and tucked the folder under this arm and went outside after grabbing an umbrella. He Disapparated. Charlie Apparated outside Hogsmeade Station. He strode towards Hogwarts. He didn't send an owl on purpose. What exactly was he going to say to her? You lied, and that's not cool. Sorry about your husband, I guess, by the way, forged a dead man's hand. He arrived around seven, and he guessed she was still at dinner. Filch let him in. He guessed he could visit Ron, since Ron was new here, and it was his first year, but that meant visiting everyone else, and he really wasn't in the mood. Professor McGonagall came down the corridor on the first floor and spotted him sitting on the floor. She did a double take and offered him a hand. "Mr. Weasley." "Professor McGonagall." He took her hand and got to his feet. She asked the obvious question as she unlocked her door with a tap of her wand. Worry crossed her face. "Why are you here? Is something wrong?" "No, no, Professor." Charlie waited for her to invite him inside and offer him a seat. An awkward silence passed between them. She offered him a drink and he accepted wine with thanks. "How are you? How's Mr. Scamander?" She pointed her wand at the fireplace and started a warm fire. The office door closed and locked itself. "Fine. Scamander's fine. He's insisting I learn Romanian. I met a gypsy family last Thursday. That … that was fun. I milked a goat." Charlie relaxed when she raised her eyebrows. "Have you ever done that?" "No, I used to live by a shepherd and witnessed a ewe sheering. Does that count?" Professor McGonagall placed her hands on the back of her desk chair. She read something on Charlie's face. "We were all young once upon a time. A long, long time ago." Charlie went with what he guessed was the appropriate answer. "You're not that old." "I am. But thank you." Professor McGonagall shrugged off her emerald green traveling cloak and hung it in a nearby wardrobe. Charlie, taking advantage of her turned back, opened his file and placed the London photograph on her desk along with a snapshot of Elphinstone Urquart. She smiled when she saw these and ran her fingers over the second shot. Her voice sounded softer, less brisk, a little distant. "I remember that day." Charlie unexpectedly felt a little guilty. Was he bringing up painful memories? "Professor." She sat down behind her desk and held out her hand for the file. He didn't want to give it to her, but he did. Professor McGonagall flipped through the file, flipping the documents facedown. She dropped the niceties. "What're you doing, Charlie?" "It's not what you think." Charlie jumped in quickly. "What do I think?" Professor McGonagall took off her spectacles and shook her head when Charlie opened and closed his mouth. It was a rhetorical question, he guessed, or she really didn't need an answer. She spread her fingers. "You caught me." "Sounds like he was a nice man." Charlie told her some random facts he found out. "He was. Elphinstone would've agreed to set up the account." She reached out and patted Charlie's hand. I don't favor students, Charlie, because it's not something I … there are lines." "Like buying Harry Potter a broomstick?" Charlie sat back when she laughed good-naturedly. He didn't know this for certain, yet he guessed this Mr. Elphinstone Urquart character had been really, really rich. "Yeah. I hear stuff. That was you. A Nimbus Two Thousand? That's a fortune! You really want to win." "Why are you surprised?" She sat back and shrugged when he asked why she'd chosen to be his benefactor. "Charlie, you deserved a shot. Money … I don't need that money. I've got it, and that's nice, but it goes towards good things. Or I try to pick good causes." "I'm a charity case?" "Mr. Weasley," said Professor McGonagall, returning to her usual brisk manner and replaced her spectacles on her face. "I don't want to ever hear you say that again. Are you a charity case?" "No, ma'am. Of course not." Charlie agreed, getting to his feet. Professor McGonagall nodded and stood up, too. She walked around her desk and smiled again when he placed her wedding photograph on top of the others. She wore a simple blue dress, and Elphinstone Urquart had chosen a casual suit for the occasion. "I would've liked to meet Mr. Urquart." "He would've liked that," she said, accepting his embrace. Professor McGonagall sniffed sharply, and Charlie didn't feel strange holding her. After a long moment, she patted him awkwardly. "You're having the time of your life, aren't you? I can tell by looking at you." "Oh, yeah. Life's pretty awesome. Pretty damn awesome." Charlie released her, grinning when she shook her head. He walked to the office door and rested his hand on the doorknob, hesitating, for he knew there was no way to possibly thank her. "Professor?" "Think nothing of it, Charlie. Thank you. Tell Mr. Scamander I said hello." "Tell Pudgy Badger hello. Got it." Charlie saluted her, ignoring her sharp glare, and wished her a good night. He came back a minute later and ran down the corridor. "Oh. I am deathly sincere about this ma'am. I hope you crush Slytherin. Let me know when that happens." "Good night, Charlie," said Professor McGonagall, sitting back down. "Stay safe." "Thanks. About Newt Scamander…" "He's difficult and exhausting," said Professor McGonagall, stopping when she realized she may have spoken too quickly. She studied her paperwork. "Ha. You're awesome. You made my day." Grinning from ear to ear, Charlie left the grounds after stopping by to see Hagrid. Pumping his fist in the air, feeling a little lighter and strangely stronger, though he couldn't explain it, he headed back to London. He couldn't wait to get back to Romania.