Yes, I'm glad you've finally decided to see the light." Hippocrates stopped dead. He'd been about to ask if she'd heard from Remus Lupin, and why she had bothered coming back to the hospital at this late hour. Both questions died on his lips as he stared at Fenrir Greyback. He'd never met the man before, though he knew him by reputation. Frightened, scared out of his mind, Hippocrates held Maisie closer. "What is he doing here?" "Don't panic, Hippocrates." Abbey placed a hand on Greyback's shoulder as she approached him. Greyback nodded, letting her lift his robes and reveal the exposed bone in his leg. "Remember we help anyone. We are neutral. Switzerland." Sw itzerland would eradicate a monster , he thought dully. They didn't take sides. Hippocrates himself had warned her of this when she'd joined the hospital staff years ago, and he felt rather insulted having his advice thrown back in his face. He wasn't going to allow this man onto his ward. He patted Maisie's head, not wanting her to make eye contact with the werewolf. "Do it." Hippocrates stood up straighter. "He doesn't like me, this one," sneered Greyback, addressing Abbey, who knelt down awkwardly to access the damage. Abbey said nothing. She mended the leg in no time after setting it. Greyback offered her a dirty hand when she'd finished her task. Abbey took it, hesitating. "It's been a while since we've last met." "I remember," she said tonelessly. She groaned when he pulled her close and held a blade to her throat. "What're you doing?" "You're a problem, Abigail," he said, his tone gravelly and controlled. He smiled at Hippocrates, his sharp teeth showing. He shook his head at Hippocrates. "Do not raise your wand, sir. Your wife keeps getting in my way, giving werewolves false hope, making them think they don't need to join with their kind, so we're having a chat." "A chat? You are harming her!" Hippocrates gripped his wand in his hand. He chose to rely on an old rule; violence wasn't allowed in this place. No security wizards guarded this place. He backed away, showing his open hand before he placed it on Maisie's back again. He dropped his wand onto the floor. "Sanctuary. This place is a sanctuary." Abbey kept her gaze fixed on Greyback. "Please." "Mummy. I want Mummy." Maisie turned her head, reaching out to Abbey. "I wanna go home." "Hey, Healer Smethwyck, the night wasn't that bad," said Jaime, running up to give his report. He took in the scene. "What the hell is going on here?" "Jaime, I want you to take my daughter," said Hippocrates, forcing himself to stay calm and collected. He argued with Maisie, who panicked, not understanding what was going on. "Maisie, I will be right with you. Maisie, please. Jaime, I need you to walk ... do not run ... to the matron station. Tell them we are on High Alert, and this is not a drill. Contact the authorities at the Ministry. You got that?" "Yes." Jaime didn't hesitate. Hippocrates nodded, silently praying for the first time in years and kissing Maisie on the cheek. He didn't know if there was a higher power. "Jaime, take this child from me. Now!" "Yes, sir." Jaime scooped up Maisie and darted down the corridor. "She treated you. You ... you may leave." Hippocrates kept his eyes on the werewolf. He shook with fear, desperate. "Good God, it's Christmastime!" Greyback lowered his blade. He held Abbey close, resting a hand on her stomach and whispering in her ear. A moment later, he shoved her toward Hippocrates and escaped through the emergency exit door. Hippocrates was too thankful that his wife lived to think about giving chase. Let the Aurors deal with Greyback. He rushed to Abbey and held her close. Abbey gasped. "My water just broke!" He lifted her into his arms and strode from the ward. The maternity ward staff held at bay the Aurors who had wanted to interview them in the labor room. Hippocrates wanted to ask Abbey questions, too, but she was dilating so quickly he decided it was more important to encourage her through the contractions that were coming closer and closer together. Abbey had other ideas. After a particularly hard contraction, she said through gritted teeth, "Fenrir Greyback will not keep me from helping patients!" Hippocrates took her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. "He'll be officially banned from St. Mungo's." Her fingers clenched his. "We'll have to be vigilant. Practice defensive spells, beef up security wards and hire a bodyguard for the children. Mother will pay for it. She'll want to boast to her social set that a monster is stalking her poor grandchildren." "What?" Surely he hadn't heard her right. A monster stalking their children? Abbey saved her breath to get through the next contraction. When the pain eased, she said, "He told me to stay away from his brethren or he'd add my children to their numbers. My girls. Our girls." Her eyes blazed with fury. "He likes kids." The memory of Greyback pulling Abbey close and whispering in her ear caused Hippocrates to wish he hadn't taken a vow to do no harm. "The bastard will never touch them." Abbey's eyes welled with tears. Did she doubt him? His question was answered by her wobbly smile. "Most men would tell me to think of the children and let the werewolves take care of themselves. I love you, Hippocrates Smethwyck." "I love you, Short Stuff." "Ahem. I hate to interrupt," the OBGYN Healer said as he walked in, followed by the labor and delivery mediwitch. "But I'm told your baby wants to be born." Abbey nodded vigorously. "I feel the urge to push." Hippocrates watched the miracle of birth, and for some crazed reason found himself humming God Rest Ye Merry Hippogriffs. "Let nothing you dismay," Abbey whispered as she cradled their daughter, tiny and naked, in her loving arms.