off like this was nothing. He clearly didn't know. "Why? That's why, Flores. And, no, you're not related to the Chaser, Jaime. Jaime, no, you're not!" Charlie argued with his man half-heartedly as the Potters and Weasleys turned to enjoy this Charlie as babysitter spectacle. The Brazilians insulted him, and even though he didn't understand, Charlie got the gist of it. Charlie asked for a Butterbeer and thanked Harry. He handed it to Jaime. "Carry on, mate." "Poor Jaime," said Luna, snuggling closer to Rolf. "Poor Jaime? He's drunk. That's all that is." Rolf patted her arm and sighed when she predicted a Bulgaria win. "You think so?" "Yeah." Luna snorted when Harry shouted that he had fifty Galleons on Bulgaria and Krum grabbing the Snitch. "Let's play! One hundred Galleons says Harry's wrong and Silva grabs the Snitch right from underneath Krum's nose!" roared Charlie. "I'll take that action!" Rolf raised his hand and slapped skin with Charlie again. Bill, leaning over his daughter and her eager boyfriend, gave them a double thumbs-up. Luna muttered that they were idiots. Rolf nudged her, saying it was all in good fun. Rolf winced when Viktor Krum got beat with the Beater's bat. He clapped when Krum signaled he was all right to continue playing. He frowned, for he'd not expected the once retired Bulgarian Seeker to be made of stronger stuff. Rolf regretted his choice. "That's my pocket money gone. Yep. Stupid move, Rolf." "You don't say?" Luna, amused, shook her head when he asked her to front him half as Krum snatched the Snitch. All sides of the stadium rose collectively to their feet and cheered him on. "No, no, sir." As people started to leave the match, Rolf and Charlie went to surrender their gold over to Harry. Harry accepted their defeat with a huge grin. Rolf turned out his pockets, for he came up a little short, took his money back, and offered him a capsule of frozen Ashwinder eggs instead. "Take these and rob Scamander. Rob him blind," suggested Charlie. Harry took the Ashwinder eggs and stowed them in his robes. "Keep them frozen. The Freezing Charm needs to be recast every three months. It's July, so that's October." Rolf got shooed away by Charlie. Rolf went to go survey the damage the Dukuwaga and the Selma had caused during their bloodbath in the opening ceremony. Charlie said nobody wanted to hear his magi-zoology nonsense. Rolf had been angry that this careless oversight had taken place, but nobody listened. "They didn't even have a magi-zoologist on site. Nor did they consult anyone, Luna!" Rolf grumbled as she steered him away, saying consolingly that the damage had been done. "Yeah, but … that's awful." "Write about it, Mr. Scamander," she said gently, heading back the stands to grab her forgotten handbag. The Brazilians, defeated and shocked, finally decided to come down out of the box with Charlie Weasley. "Not that anyone will read it," said Rita Skeeter scathingly as she snapped her crocodile bag shut. Jorge and Jaime, slightly sobered now, surveyed her. Rita spoke to them like they were slow. As she'd already suffered for her cheek in the commentator's box already, Rolf waited patiently for her to make another move; it was inevitable because she never knew when to shut up. Luna allowed both of the Brazilians to take her by the arm and walked downstairs with them. "When are you committing your deranged children into St. Mungo's? Your grandfather was right to implement breeding restrictions at the Ministry of Magic. Funny. I thought you lived by old Newt." Rita hissed quietly as she made to pass Rolf; she'd gotten insulted and chosen him as a weak link. Ginny, shocked, asked her to say that a bit louder. "Oh, he heard me." "They're three, Rita," said Rolf. "Come on. Pick someone else." "Your family should've been silenced by that Death Potion back in 1926." She giggled, looking for an ally where there was none. "Especially you and your grandfather. It's quick and painless, I hear. Problem solved." Rolf stood rooted to the spot. Next moment, Rita's body was lifted off the ground. She crumpled at the foot of the staircases and Rolf looked around, lost, for he'd missed something. Luna, Ginny, Jorge, Jaime and Charlie all had their wands outstretched. Jorge and Jaime both swore violently. Luna, smiling serenely at Rita's paralyzed body, walked on and started humming to herself as she headed down with the boys again. Rolf relaxed, amused by her. Luna was Luna. If this rubbed people the wrong way, that was their problem, and he wasn't going to apologize for his family. Ginny told Rolf's lot they were awesome before she hugged her elder brother and Disapparated. Charlie gave a cry of a Chinese Fireball and broke Rolf's dazed expression. "You coming or what, Scamander? We're continuing this party in Dorset. I want a word with Newt Scamander." Anything involving Newt interested Rolf. "Oh? About what?" Rolf quickened his step and went to follow his friends. He wanted in on this story. Luna, laughing again, draped her arms around Jaime's and Jorge's necks. Rolf caught up with Charlie. They walked around aimlessly for about an hour reminiscing about Romania and the good olde days. Charlie, unable to help himself, said he wanted Rolf by his side next year. "Scamander and Weasley back together again." Charlie pointed out a winged camel in the distance. Luna Disapparated with their houseguests. Charlie hesitated before they Disapparated, though he lost his concentration when Rolf jokingly said he couldn't support a friendship that hadn't been taken officially to the next step. He had two kids with another one on the way and a wife. He had no time for this budding bromance nonsense. Charlie gave a false, girly laugh reminiscent of Rolf's great aunt. "Oh, Scamander, you slay me." Rolf conjured Dorset to mind and pictured his grandfather's friendly, wrinkled face. They vanished from the Patagonian Desert.