his throat. He sat there flipping through a heavy volume. "What?" "Oh, nothing." Elphinstone closed his book. "How was the hearing? Is Barty hiding?" "No." Amelia kissed Eleanor. Some newcomer knocked on Elphinstone's office door minutes later asking for her. It was urgent. Eleanor started crying loudly, and Amelia bit her lip, blinking her eyes furiously. "You want me to take it?" Elphinstone asked. He got up when she nodded. Before he headed out the door, he hugged her tightly. "Listen to me. You can be both. Not everything is on your shoulders, all right? You do whatever you can whenever you can. Then you go home to your family and your idiot husband here. Please let me help you. Go home, darling. Take your girls home, Benji." Benji gathered their things. He decided on a walk, so he steered her off towards the visitor entrance. He waved to bored Eric, the security wizard, at the desk. The red telephone box was a tight fit, but they managed it. They walked down narrow streets and took a strange route because he didn't want them followed. After being in the Order for over five years, Benji considered paranoia as normal behavior. They stepped onto Seventh Avenue and started discussing the hearing. Amelia wasn't as angry with Mr. Crouch anymore, though they would never be close friends. Benji got a funny feeling as he turned onto another street. There were no signs or loud cracks. Everything felt normal, yet something was different. Benji turned around and leaned against Amelia's back. They both drew out their wands at the same time. Benji left the diaper bag and the briefcase on side of road. He squeezed Amelia's hand. "Trust me." "Benji." Amelia cursed when they finally heard the footsteps. Four men came towards them from each cardinal direction. Benji chuckled darkly. He had to hand it to these bastards: they were getting bold in broad daylight. Well, it was early afternoon. When a thin man stepped towards Amelia, she Stunned him without thinking about it. His body illuminated red for a moment before he hit the pavement facedown. She tried to ignore Eleanor's screams, though they clearly distracted her, and she nearly tripped over herself. Benji jumped aside when a flash of light got aimed at him, and he shot a curse at a retreating Death Eater. He missed because his hand was shaking with anger. "Don't worry, Mr. Fenwick." Evan Rosier lowered the hood of his robes. His cold smile reached his eyes. Benji gasped when a well-aimed spell hit him in the back. Ropes tightened around his throat, and he dropped to his knees. "You might want to worry a little." Amelia struck another Death Eater with a non-verbal Killing Curse. Benji saw a flash of green light, and the man fell onto the pavement, lifeless. Two other figures approached. One was smaller than the others. Rosier crushed his boot onto Benji's right hand; Benji's bones shattered. Benji cried out when Rosier cast the Cruciatus Curse on him. His body went rigid and he writhed when pain shot up his spine and coursed through his neck. Rosier, enjoying himself, cast the curse again, and slammed his boot into Benji's stomach one, two, three times. "Call her off, sir. This is between the two of us." Rosier called to Amelia. "You want me to kill him?" Amelia had been hit by some curse. She turned to face Rosier, her face had a deep cut, but she held her wand arm quite steady. Two Death Eaters lay at her feet, alive but injured. Except for Rosier and the short Death Eater, the others had been dealt with. "Let him go." "Oh, I don't think so, madam." Rosier spat her title sarcastically. He picked up Benji's discarded wand and snapped it in two. Throwing the shards away, he spoke conversationally. "Tell her what you did, Benji." "No." Benji kept his eyes on him. He turned to face Amelia. "Leave." She didn't move. Amelia kept her eyes on Rosier, holding the baby with one arm, her expression determined. "Benji's been playing by his own rules. Haven't you, sir?" Rosier gave him another dose of the Cruciatus Curse. Benji arched his back and felt like he wanted to claw at his eyes. "You took that filthy Squib from my sister, and you gave her to some Muggle family. You were clever, though, and forged the documents. You kept it as a closed adoption. You've been stalling every action bought by pureblood families in court." "She's a Squib," Benji gasped. The girl had no magical blood. What did it matter? Rosier chuckled softly. He walked over to Amelia and finally disarmed her when she hesitated. Rosier held Amelia in his arms, held two wands in his hand, and stroked Eleanor's head. "What if I took your daughter? My, she is a pretty thing. Lovely blonde hair." Rosier jumped back, startled, when Amelia struck him with her fist. His jaw cracked. Spilling blood onto the pavement, Rosier caught her by the arm when she tried to strike him again. "Take him in the alley." The small man walked over to Benji. He shattered the bones in his leg with a pipe, refusing to look at him. The other one was quicker work, though it was certainly no less painful. Benji desperately wished he would just pass out. Benji heard Amelia's screams as the man dragged him off, though whether it was because she had been harmed or cried out in fear, he did not know. The scent of garbage and rotting food hit his nostrils. Benji groaned when the man pressed his face against a brick wall of some establishment. Slipping in and out of consciousness, Benji thought he caught the profile of a man with a small nose and watery eyes. Gasping in sudden recognition, Benji reached out with his crushed hand. When the pipe sliced into his face, Benji crumbled onto the pavement and felt no more.