conversation. He lowered his voice, determinedly not meeting Kingsley's eyes. "I know he treated her like she was worthless. I mean, I didn't know it was going on, but something felt off." Kingsley put his foot down about this really quick. "It wasn't your fault." Lee nodded, no longer on the defensive. "I hear my mum was this excellent, decorated Auror, you know? I mean, I met Moody in my sixth year, and I couldn't help but felt honored or something that he was going to be my teacher, too." Kingsley couldn't help himself and corrected him automatically. "That wasn't Mad-Eye." "Yeah. Why couldn't she stop it?" Lee helped himself to a bottled beer because he was a longtime family friend. Molly had invited her guests, few in the main, to make themselves at home. Lee took the advice to heart. Kingsley guessed Lee had been here before because he knew where stashes were hidden. "Jordan wiped her memory, Lee, so she didn't know it was happening." Kingsley could have gone into great detail about this. On the surface, he understood perfectly well why Lee wanted a simple story. He wanted a neatly wrapped present. Perhaps he wanted his parents to get back together. "Patti had no reason to believe she wasn't happy." "Patti." Lee said his mother's first name like it was a completely foreign concept. Lee placed his hands in his pickets and eventually picked at the scraps of turkey on the large serving platter. Kingsley had once heard this referred to as filing in the corners. "You really love her?" "I do." Kingsley smiled at him. Although Lee didn't specifically come out and ask why, he, Kingsley, elaborated a little. Husbands and wives told their significant others they loved each other every day. He might still be in the blissful honeymoon stage, yet he had a list. "She talks in her sleep whenever she's worried about a charge. She snores and wakes herself up. We're both Catholics who attack the faith with dark humor." Lee knit his eyebrows together. "I don't follow the Church." "Okay." Kingsley shrugged this off. He'd questioned his faith at Lee's age, too, and it was Lee's decision on whether or not he wanted to return to the faith. Kingsley fingered the Christian cross around his neck. He'd received it from his godfather, his uncle, on his confirmation. Kingsley unhooked the clasp and felt the chain of the necklace slip through his fingers. He played with it and studied the wedding band on his left hand. "I have to sell this to get pain relief for your mother." Lee came up with an easier answer. "You're wealthy. You buy expensive Muggle suits. I bet you have loads stashed away in a Gringott's vault." "Gold can be tracked." Kingsley rather liked that the kid had a good head on his shoulders. He held the necklace to the candlelight. "This ought to be enough for decent generic solutions. And the name you wanted. Prudence Edgecombe. She's a good, fair counsellor who will hear you out. I'll pay her legal fees." "You'd just give that away?" Lee shifted as Kingsley conjured a container of jewelry cleaner and erased years of damage. "I'm not of the flock of the faithful or whatever, but I know that's no mere trinket for you." "It's jewelry," said Kingsley, taking out his earring and cleaning it, too, though he replaced it in his ear. He wasn't a philosophical man, despite the fact that he was a faithful one. He replaced the lid on the cleaner and tucked it away into a drawer. "There will be times in your life when you have things, and there will be other times when you literally feel you have nothing." Lee stopped him there. "Mum told you that." "Yes." Kingsley smiled at him, pleased he'd picked up on the saying so quickly. He walked over to the kitchen door, stopping Molly before she came in from the dining room. "Wait a moment, please." Molly backed out without saying a word. Lee went back to the legal reference; Kingsley dropped a powerful name and offered to foot the bill without hesitation. "Are you serous? Thank... thank you." Kingsley shrugged his shoulders. "You're family. You're my stepson. Consider it a Christmas gift." Kingsley found Patti's chocolate mousse and light chocolate cake. He pocketed his cross, thinking he'd start with a high bid. He hated that Nott supposedly recorded a record of pureblood families. Kingsley's name was on that list; it might work to his advantage for once and place weight behind his name. When he carried the dessert into the dining room, Lee carried the serving bowls. Kingsley wished to go to the black market alone, although he'd make it back in time for evening Mass. Before he sat down, he heard Arthur Weasley compliment Patti on the cake. Smiling, Kingsley wondered what Fleur would have thought about this take on an authentic French recipe. Molly pursed her lips, apparently thinking along the same lines, although she took a second slice. Patti possessed a handful of talents. She understood food. Kingsley was somewhat of a health nut. He called off all bets when it came to this dessert because it was his favorite. It went well with a cup of coffee. Kingsley realized, a little too late, he'd forgotten the brew. "I love this thing," he said, savoring the last bite. He didn't turn Patti's half-eaten dessert down when she pushed her plate towards him. "I know." Patti laughed when he actually licked his fork. When he leaned into her, she smiled, kissing him. She said something in flawless Parisian French that Kingsley didn't understand a word of her nonsense, but Arthur asked Patti to speak with his daughter-in-law. She paused, blushing a little as she got comfortable around the family. Lee snorted into his half-empty wine glass. Patti, unabashed, kissed her husband passionately this time. She landed on a sumple translation. " I love you, too."