little. Getting up from cleaning out the drawer, Teddy calls to his godbrother, "James?" The younger pops his head in from the hallway. "Yeah?" he asks. He walks over to James and hands him the picture. "I found this in Uncle Harry's drawer. D'you know who any of these kids are?" James studies the picture for a moment, only to shake his head. "No," he answers. "The girls look a bit familiar, though, don't y'think?" "A bit," Teddy replies. "Why do you think your dad had this in his bedside-table?" The other man shrugs. "Dunno. Maybe someone sent it to him. Dad was holding onto some weird stuff towards the end there." Reluctantly, he agrees. "Yes, you're probably right." Even so, Teddy doesn't throw it out with the rest of the rubbish he finds in his godparents' room. Instead, he slips it into the pocket of his slacks and lets it stay there, a mystery burning into his thigh. -O- Some months later, when Teddy is walking through Hogsmeade after a visit with his middle-son and his new wife, a couple approach him. They're a bit younger than he is. Not quite middle-aged, in the case of the blonde woman, but damn near. The two are glancing between him and what looks to be a small piece of paper in the stocky man's hand. "Excuse me," the woman says. He stops. "Yes?" he asks. Maybe they're looking for someone. Hogsmeade is pretty busy on the weekends and it can be difficult to locate friends and family if you don't pick a place to meet up in advance. "We found this picture in my mother's things, I was looking to return it," the woman tells him, holding out a picture of Teddy and his god siblings. He just stares at it. There's no doubt, that's a picture of Teddy. Merlin, do they look young. He reckons it must be from around the time Lily graduated from Hogwarts. Instead of the crop she's been wearing since she was twenty, in the photo, Lily's hair is pin-straight and to her waist. When he fails to take it, the woman asks in a fretful tone, "Oh no, is that not you? The hair–" "–No, that's me," Teddy cuts in. To assure her, he takes the picture and points at the other faces. "Those are my god siblings, James, Albus, and Lily." Now that he's looking right at the woman and her partner, Teddy realizes he recognizes them. Or, rather, he recognizes the man. The cleft-chin is quite the giveaway. Reaching into his pocket, he pulls out the photo he found in his godfather's bedside-table all those months ago. "I found this picture in my Uncle Harry's room a while back," he says. Handing the man the picture, he asks, "This is you, isn't it?" The pair blink owlishly at the photo. "Would you look at that?" the man murmurs. "Basil's as charming as ever." The woman snorts. Curiously, Teddy asks, "Which one is Basil? The brunette?" "No," the blonde replies with a short shake of her head. "It's my husband's little brother, the baby." Since they haven't taken it from him, he turns it around to look at the picture. "Tyke looks like he could do with a kip," he remarks. The couple chuckle. "He still looks like he could do with a kip," the man says with a grin. Teddy returns the grin by changing his hair to a shocking yellow, which startles the two. "Oh, Merlin!" the woman yelps. "Sorry," he apologizes. "I'm a metamorphmagus. Sometimes emotions get the better of me." Clutching her husband's arm, the woman whispers, "That's quite alright." "So, do either of you know how my godfather ended up with a picture of you as kids?" They share a look. "My father, I reckon," the man finally says. "Can't be too sure, though. Aunt Lily never said in the letter she left behind how she got a photo of you and your siblings." "Lily, huh? She wouldn't have happened to be named after Lily Potter, would she?" Teddy inquired curiously. He'd met a number of Harrys over the years who were just a few years younger than his godfather. A James once or twice too. Never a Lily, though. But it wouldn't be all that surprising if the man's aunt had been named after Uncle Harry's mother. "No," the woman answers. "Her parents were Muggles." He nods. "Ah." Then, after a not quite moment of awkward silence, he says, "I guess I'll let you two go then…" The blonde bites her lip and shares a look with her husband. "Yes," she agrees, "I don't want to keep you if you have someplace to be." "Thank you," Teddy says. "It was nice meeting you…?" "Francine," the woman replies, taking Teddy's hand to shake it. "And this is Lewis." Teddy smiles. "Francine, Lewis," he repeats. Just as he's to set off, however, the woman, calls, "Wait!" He turns his head, curiously staring at her. Francine's expression is a mixture of uncertainty, yearning, and fear. "Your godfather… Was he happy?" Teddy furrows his brows in confusion. He doesn't understand. Why would this woman want to know if Uncle Harry had been a happy person? They'd likely never met – or at least only once or twice. Not enough for his godfather to ever mention her or the others. Even so, he doesn't see the harm in answering. "At the end? Absolutely. So happy, in fact, Uncle Harry died with a smile on his face." Thoughts? I debated a long while on if I wanted to upload this now or later. I picked now since it really gives almost nothing away about what TDKWWS will hold. And also because I'm one of those people who likes to read the end of a book before I start a story to know if there's a happy ending. I figure there's got to be others like me who'll appreciate this sequel ;) Thanks for reading!