you? You're married to Minerva, so I hope you do for your sake." Elphinstone rolled his eyes. "Yes. Two-thirty." Malcolm nodded, whistling as he headed down the road. Agnes once described her Uncle Malcolm as a big teddy bear, and Elphinstone thought he understood the reference. Malcolm and Anne had three children, two girls and a boy. Anne was a Muggle matron he'd met in Glasgow, and Malcolm acted as the glue holding the McGonagall family together. Ever since their mother had passed, whenever he wasn't on assignment overseas, Malcolm stayed close to his father. Life filled the small house. When Minerva opened the back door, asking why he'd gone around the other way, Elphinstone took her in his arms and kissed her. The reverend, reading his paper and bouncing Ryan on his knee, pretended not to notice. He sipped his coffee. When Agnes shouted from the sitting room, laughing her head off with Christopher, he smiled for the first time that day. "Do you want me to tell them to quiet down?" asked Minerva. The manse was usually a quiet place with one occupant. "No. I like it. It's nice to have family around." Reverend McGonagall played with Ryan's hair. Elphinstone hated to bring this up, but he didn't want to leave it for tomorrow when the reverend would be focused on the sermon and the parishioners. "How much do I owe you for the ceremony, sir?" "Nothing," Reverend McGonagall said. He chuckled and asked Minerva to show him the coffee containers in the cupboard. Minerva followed his instructions and opened the top cupboards. There were at least thirty or forty containers, some of them with their lids off. Maybe the reverend was a hoarder? Elphinstone did not understand. "I have been saving for Minerva's wedding since she was five. Since the two of you decided to elope, and thank you for that, by the way, Elphinstone, I decided to focus on the granddaughter." Elphinstone said nothing, rather touched by this gesture. Agnes shouted again, this time in triumph, and the reverend said, "She found the key to the liquor cupboard. Agnes?" "Yes?" Agnes called from the other room. She joined them a moment later with her husband and a bottle of unopened scotch. "Clever girl, going for the aged stuff. Give it here, Aggie, and grab us some glasses." The reverend took off his spectacles and rubbed his tired eyes. Agnes handed it over and went to the cupboard to grab some shots glasses; the reverend took them and poured with a generous hand, holding the bottle to the light afterwards. "This is thirty years old, Aggie, it's older than you are. What are you doing with this?" Minerva handed glasses to both Elphinstone and Christopher. "Where'd you get it?" "Dunno," said the reverend carelessly, offering his shot glass to his granddaughter. "I don't know where half of the stuff in this house comes from. You know, you're mother's been dead for seven years and I haven't cooked a proper meal? Not once. Aggie. Taste this." "Okay," said Agnes, hesitant. "Daddy, she's pregnant," said Minerva. "You call your father 'Daddy', Professor?" Christopher raised an eyebrow, fighting to keep a straight face. "Yes," said Minerva testily, challenging him. "Ryan's going to call you 'Da' until the day you die." "It's just a sip." The reverend cleared his throat and raised his glass, smiling at them."To a happy marriage." "A happy marriage," they said, and drank. After the reverend polished off the rest of Agnes's glass, he downed shot after shot with Minerva. Christopher, impressed, gaped at Minerva when she flipped her glass upside down on the table. "You are so much cooler now we've left school," said Christopher. "Christopher, Christopher." Minerva walked over to him and took his face in her hand. Agnes giggled like a schoolgirl. "Your eyes are really blue. I am so glad you're in the family." "Me, too," said Christopher awkwardly, for she'd held his face at an odd angle. Minerva patted his cheek and straightened. "I need fresh air." Elphinstone fought hard not to crack a smile as he followed her outside. She said it was raining, which was obvious, although Elphinstone got halfway down the street before he realized he'd forgotten the umbrella. Thinking he was a drowned rat, anyway, he decided not to go back, though he had no idea where they were headed. He took her hand, surprised she didn't pull away, and turned to the left. "You're going to get pneumonia." Minerva brushed her hair out of her eyes. Her dress, splattered and caked with mud, was ruined. She slipped off her heels, carrying them. "Yet you're the one who walked out into the rain," he said, doubting she could see more than a few paces ahead. Slowly, he reached up, slid off her splattered spectacles, and slid them into the inside pocket of his suit jacket. "So the coffee containers?" "It's sad and embarrassing, which is why I never told you." Minerva blushed. When he grinned, she rolled her eyes, stepping into the light. "But you're you, Elphinstone, so you probably think it's sweet and adorable." "Absolutely adorable." He left her in no doubt. "Are you all right?" Minerva nodded. Before he asked her why the hell she'd decided on a nighttime stroll in this weather, she stopped underneath a lamppost and pecked him with small kisses, insistent. When he started falling, slipping in the large puddle they stood in, she steadied him, switched her heels to one hand, and wrapped her arms around his neck. She pressed her lips against his again. Elphinstone's shoulders relaxed as a car zoomed past in the street. Giving the scotch credit, he stroked her face, wondering how much she'd remember. "There's a bed in our cottage," he murmured between kisses. If his dysfunction continued, he'd see a Healer about it, but until the rain let up he'd give her pleasure, as she'd mentioned, in other ways. The rain continued until Tuesday afternoon.