hesitating. "How do you know?" "He's here," said Auror Marquez shortly, opening an interrogation room. Rolf cursed again, and Luna, glancing at their kids, hissed at him. "Newton!" "Yes?" An old, stooped figure in fashionable jeans and a vintage black overcoat turned around ever so slowly. He had white hair, gnarled arthrititic hands, and a warm smile with all his teeth. "Grandpa!" Lysander let his go of his brother's hand and ran towards his ancient great-grandfather. Lorcan followed, ignoring Auror Marquez. "Perfect," hissed Rolf through clenched teeth. "I guess we're adding this to the invisible list of stuff you'll never let me forget." "Lorcan, Lysander." Newt knelt down like an automation with oily, creaking joints and grinned at Rolf. He magicked chocolates out of the air and drank in every second. "You're really not having a good day, are you, sir? That's identity theft." "You …! My name is Newton Artemis Rolf Scamander," said Rolf, panicked as time passed and Auror Marquez sat him in an uncomfortable chair by a metal table. Newt vouched for Luna. "Grandpa, this is not funny. I haven't been arrested in five years." "Five years," said Auror Marquez, sitting down and cracking his knuckles, getting ready for a little chest. The other Auror let Luna go after questioning her. The nauseousness or queasiness abated her, but Rolf sweated like a pig. Auror Marquez set Rolf's wand on the table, leaving the door open. "Five years ago, you say?" "En route from Argentina to Egypt," said Rolf carelessly, waving this away like it was nothing. He laughed nervously, which was another mistake. He pointed at his family, getting this out in a rush. "My wife was in labor in Cairo and I forgot to renew my International Apparition license. Come on." "Did you enjoy jail in Cairo, Mr. Scamander?" Auror Marquez conjured quill and parchment. Rolf responded in Arabic and resisted an urge to answer the officer with an internationally accepted hand gesture. He spoke in a forced calm. "It's a Billywig, and it's not even mine! That's a slap on the wrist for possible No-Maj sighting." "Section 3A, no Oblivation," said the Auror in an almost bored tone. "Damn it. When did I have time to Oblivate anyone?" Rolf, getting angry, slapped the tabletop. He reached down to get his Muggle passport out of his coat and accidentally ripped the Hufflepuff scarf. "You can't prove it is or isn't mine. The way I see it, and I invite you to cast Priori Incantantem, sir, you have nothing to charge me with, and you are ruining my weekend." "Prove it ain't yours," said Auror Marquez lightly. "You know what? I'm evoking my right as an American citizen," said Rolf stubbornly, crossing his arms and standing his ground. He had dual citizenship, as he was born in this fine city. He decided not to say anything further to risk incriminating himself. "Jacob Bell's Law. I want my lawyer, and Mr. Zabini is in Madrid." "He's mine," said Newt, throwing him a save. "Not the Billywig. He's my grandson." Newt stepped in and reduced the charges almost to nothing. "So, there's Francis," said Newt. He offered a hand to both of his great-grandsons and waited patiently to cross the streets with the others. Rolf had no idea how he got caught up to speed, but he went with with it and frowned. The frown came automatically with the mention of Francis's name, for he couldn't help it, and Rolf realized he shouldn't be surprised his grandfather knew Francis was in town. Newt raised his eyebrows, for he was clearly on Luna's side and wanted a win here. Rolf rolled his eyes. "Talk about coercion." "If you wanted to please the old man who just got you out of trouble and kept this out of the papers," said Newt loftily, scratching his ear as he nodded at the boys, signaling at them to go as the crosswalk light turned green. Rolf and Luna held hands. "How many chances have you given him?" Rolf had given up hope for Francis ages ago. "I don't know," said Newt honestly, shrugging his shoulders as they picked up the pace,"but what I do know is he's family, and Grandma never gave up on him. That's not stupidity… foolishness, maybe, but that's faith." Luna nudged Rolf in the arm, catching him before he managed to get out a smart remark about Newton Scamander being an atheist. "I'm doing this for you and the boys," grumbled Rolf, putting this to rest and not looking forward to tomorrow because he had lower than low expectations, "but this doesn't mean we're friends." "Course not." Newt scoffed, conjuring his pipe as they headed towards Central Park and watched the boys run off to play with the other children. Newt packed the pipe with a pinch of tobacco and lit it absent-mindedly with the tip of his wand when there weren't any No-Majs snooping around in crowded area; he stowed his wand away discreetly inside his coat. He rubbed his hands, forever cold now. "I'm your best friend." Especially since they couldn't prove possession of any creature, Rolf and Luna got out of there with no charges filed against them. As Rolf hugged and thanked his grandfather, letting the old fellow have his little laugh, he imagined his grandfather running after him as he boarded the scarlet steam engine on September first to give him one last hug and whatever Rolf had forgotten. Luna went to go sit in the grass. Rolf, smiling, draped an arm over his grandfather's shoulder and stood there not saying anything. For him more than anyone else, Newt Scamander had been a Godsend, a gift thrown to a kid who probably should've been dismissed and thrown out with the bathwater, as they say, yet the old man saw something in Rolf, and neither of them were ever letting go of each other. It was just another day, and for the moment, all was well.