the story, I'll tell mine." Remus rolled his eyes before huffing out a very Harry-like 'fine.' "So, like, everyone's staring at this Rosier bloke, wondering why he's part reindeer before looking back at us and wondering what we had planned next (because obviously it was us, who else could it possibly be?). "All of a sudden, there are explosions of colour all over the room, like Rosier's, and in less than five minutes, everyone's in costumes that look like caroling characters, both muggle and Wizarding. There were fleets of Red-Nosed Reindeer- and yes, Prongs was a Rudolph- students with wings and beaks and paws like the hippogriffs in that one carol, angels from muggle carols, even a few Christmas trolls, like Snape. Even the professors were costumed to look like Grinches from that Muggle story that you like. Then, while everyone was still shocked silent, fireworks exploded, reading out 'Merry Christmas! And A Happy New April 24th! Xoxo, the Marauders. "Then, Moony said something about having a proper 'Christmas' and said a spell to make it snow in the Great Hall. It was amazing; everyone started cheering and everything. And then, just to top it off, Dumbledore just stood up and declared there be no lessons for the day in honor of 'Christmas'. So we should've got off scot free, but McGonagall had other ideas." "Which was not fair, by the by. Wormtail and I didn't even know of the prank until the night before. And Wormtail didn't even do anything. How were we to know what Restricted Section potions you drugged the puddings with, what charms you put on them? Well. I knew because I read, but how was Pete supposed to know?" "Ah, don't be a downer! 'Tis Marauderly Spirit, Moony! Scrubbing pots every night for two months is far more fun with four people!" "Tell that to all the suspicious lumps I had to scrape off of plates while you and James played Exploding Snap." Harry blinked drowsily up at them, smiling. Abandoning the argument, Sirius bent to tuck him in more thoroughly, when- Harry giggled, "Padfoot! Your hair is green!" Sirius turned back to glare at Remus, who looked a bit too innocent. He launched himself at Remus, who was surprised and went down easily. That was the end of the easy part. Soon enough, they were wrestling on the ground, all thoughts of dignity or 'hey, I have a wand, I can do this without rolling about on the ground' forgotten as Harry cheered them on. Eventually, Sirius managed to trap Remus in a headlock. Which really had not been the smartest move because Remus had taken up muggle martial arts for a few years in case he was stuck without a wand in a dangerous situation. Putting his hand under Sirius' nose, and one behind his knee, Remus picked him up and dropped him on the ground kicking and screaming, much to Harry's delight. When Sirius said 'uncle', Remus smiled and let him up, moving to peck him on the cheek, because that pouty expression on his face looked so ridiculous. Sirius, however, had different plans, and turned his head at the last minute so they ended up snogging instead. Not that Remus minded. Especially not with Sirius' arm snaking around his waist, and their lips glued together. They ignored Harry's rather fond cry of disgust for a few moments longer, but then Remus had to yawn, and broke the kiss, while Sirius laughed at him. Remus laughed right back when a yawn the size of Yorkshire issued from him. Harry's snickers and 'ewws' were ignored; he did the same to anyone who dare kiss in front of him, and together, they tucked him in-for the third time- and shut off his light. But not before Sirius waved his wand to make Remus as green-haired as he was, making quiet little laughs rise from the bed as they shut the door behind them. \_(ツ)_/ Lily and James came home that night to find an oddly seaweed-haired Remus and Sirius passed out on the couch, Remus leaning heavily on the armrest and Sirius draped over his side, using his shoulder as a pillow, their arms draped around each other and legs tangled together. Lily smiled at them fondly as she and James crept up the stairs. She wasn't going to kick them out after taking care of her hyperactive five year old all evening while she and James enjoyed the first precious few hours of alone time they'd had in weeks. She and James peeked into Harry's room and saw him, curled up tight around his stuffed lion, Lopey, and snoring away peacefully. She let out a sigh. "I thought Harry's hair would have been turned green too." James scoffed, "They'd know better than to turn my son into a Slytherin." Lily hit his arm, but she couldn't stop her smile as she said, "Don't be prejudiced." James rubbed at where she punched him, but he was grinning too, "Who me? Never. I'm just glad they didn't do anything to Lopey. They know he's my favorite too." Lily closed the door quietly, a small thud echoing down the hall. She walked back to where Sirius and Remus lay, and conjured a blanket for them, wrapping the two in it using her wand. James walked up behind her and muttered, "Dorks. We could prank them. It's been ages. Draw something on their faces." "I don't think so. They've taken care of Harry the whole afternoon, and you know how he can be. It's a miracle that the only thing that's changed is their hair color. " She sighed and rested her head against James' chest as he laughed softly. It was hard to believe that she had trusted Sirius, of all people, with her child, but he and Remus had done a good job. After all, Harry was alive and the house wasn't burnt to a crisp. All in all, a good night for the Marauders.