the brunt of the guilt, with missing twelve years in Azkaban for a crime he hadn't committed, only to be pulled away during a critical time in Harry's life they hadn't known had happened. Remus' life had turned into a ping-pong match between Hogwarts and the Ministry and his full moons. He'd almost been grateful for the distraction, at first, which had taken his mind off of the guilt of forgetting his Wolfsbane the night they had all caught Peter and nearly mauled his godchildren. What Remus hadn't realized, however, was what Ariel had decided to tell Harry that James wasn't her father. No one had mentioned it to him, until he'd begun to notice that Ariel had ceased her visits to his office. Suspicious, Remus had gone to Snape, but he'd been met with his customary "fuck off and die", which had only been fueled by the fact that he'd nearly killed his daughter. Nevertheless, he'd gone to Harry, only to find that when Ariel's name was mentioned, the boy turned into a pillar of stone. He'd been utterly gobsmacked by all of their behavior — he really hadn't had a clue what in Merlin's name was going on, until he'd tried to force both Harry and Ariel into the same room. He'd invited them both for tea separately, and when they'd shown up — Ariel had avoided him like the plague after that. Remus could only begin to venture a guess that she periodically holed herself up in Snape's quarters as refuge. He'd gotten the gist of how Harry had taken the truth about Ariel's parentage when Remus had tried to force them together — it was not a wound easily healed. And then they'd had to tell Sirius, but that was another matter entirely. (he didn't like to dwell on that memory) "I just wish he'd tell me how he felt," Sirius said in a defeated tone, averting his eyes to the abandoned groceries, like he wanted to rip apart the paper bags. "There's nothing from him about it, Remus. It's not normal." Remus didn't know how to respond to that, so he didn't. It was certainly unusual — especially in Harry's case, because he knew for a fact that that boy had his mother's temper, and there had been absolutely nothing repressive about it. It was like he was channeling a different part of himself. Sirius had voiced that it was very much what James had used to do. He'd hidden and brooded in silence until someone had come to coax him out — usually Sirius was enough to break the trend. Harry, however, seemed to have the talent for acting as though Ariel and Snape did not exist. Remus couldn't tell if it was a coping mechanism, or just denial. Both were cause for concern, really. Lily and James would be heartbroken, if they could see them now. "So where were you really this morning?"Sirius asked, not missing a beat as he eyed the half-emptied groceries. "You were gone way too long to just be shopping." Remus sighed, falling onto a stool. "You're a lot more perceptive than Lily ever you credit for, you know that?" Sirius smirked. "She eventually realized that I was the smartest one in the group." "Yeah, right after she started dating the giant squid, like she used to threaten to." "Stop avoiding my question." Remus leaned against the countertop, recalling his conversation this morning. He hadn't known what it had been, but he'd found himself needing Hogwarts, if only for a moment. In a place where he had formed so many friendships, it had seemed inconceivable that Harry and Ariel's relationship could end so abruptly. In some way, he'd needed to know it was still there, even after they'd left for the year. Albus had summoned himself shortly thereafter — Remus couldn't help but wonder if the timing had really been as coincidental as he'd made it sound. "I went to see Albus," Remus said quietly. "Albus?" Sirius' eyebrows hit his forehead. "About what?" "Severus was there this morning," he said. "What Harry said about his scar… Ariel woke him up this morning to tell him the same exact thing. He was… concerned that Harry had too. She said she saw Harry in this dream… Voldemort was there." "What happened, in this dream?" Sirius' eyes flickered in the direction Harry had disappeared off to. "He didn't say," Remus shook his head. "He said he didn't want to speculate… but it is cause for concern. Apparently, Voldemort mentioned something starting after the World Cup." "Fucking Christ — starting what?" "It was very vague, from what Ariel told Albus." "Is that why Harry didn't tell us, then?" "I don't know, Padfoot," Remus said, exhaling loudly. "I really don't." Sirius brought his hand to his forehead. "If they were together, they would've… Harry would've said something. I knew something was off this morning… he bolted out the door the first chance he got." "You can't force him open." "Why doesn't he talk to us?" Sirius asked, and there was an ache in his voice Remus knew all too well. "He does," Remus said gently, taking the seat across from him. "It's just… it's not in the way you want him to." "It's bad enough Ariel thinks… whatever Snivellus has —" "Ariel is afraid of your reaction," Remus interrupted. "If she doesn't see you, then there's no way she can…" He let his silence speak, in that space between what he really thought, and what Sirius had said. A/N: Some time has passed, and obviously there's a lot here that is left unsaid. Will it all be covered in the upcoming chapter? I honestly don't know; I do have more info on my tumblr, lupinlaughed, if you're interested enough (even then, I would take a look because I don't want to write a really long author's note so I've put most of my info there). Until next week! X (reviews would also be awesome)