her sapphire engagement ring. "This isn't funny." "Oh, we wouldn't want to disappoint Mrs. Crouch, would we?" Minerva squealed when he lifted her off the ground and spun her around. "You're going to throw out your back, sir! Put me down." "We're getting married," he said, setting her on the ground. "We're getting married." She hugged him and insisted they did this before Catherine died. Elphinstone said they'd do it today if that's what she wanted, especially if this was her only stipulation. They'd discussed her keeping her name ages ago. Deep down, Elphinstone knew this wasn't about Catherine Crouch in any sense, but he took whatever he could get. Minerva did a double take, pointing out she was kidding. "You're serious?" "Not getting younger, am I? Tick, tock, as Benjy would say. Come on. Why not?" Elphinstone waited out for a full five minutes to give her a chance for objections, though she'd relaxed about the Benjy remark, which won her over. Minerva, under the sad delusion she had the upper hand here, gave him the task of throwing this whole thing together; Elphinstone might have left the Ministry, but he knew the right people. She took a bath and he took up the challenge, stepping into the private bathroom to announce he won hands down. "Amelia asked to officiate, and the Crouchs have agreed to stand as witnesses, will that do? Sorry." Elphinstone spun around and faced the other way to give her privacy. "Makes you wish Joshua and Benjy were here," she said, turning off the tap with her foot. Elphinstone snuck a peek in the mirror, smiling ruefully, and gave a noncommittal shrug. Minerva's dislike for Mr. Crouch bordered on hatred. Elphinstone, alight with happiness, didn't honestly care if they dragged a homeless man off the street. "It's not the wedding, it's the marriage." Elphinstone walked over, knelt on the stone floor, reached over to pump shampoo in his hand, and ran his fingers through her hair. She closed her eyes at his touch and drummed her fingers on the bathtub. "You want Catherine? He comes with her. Barty loves her. He doesn't know what he's doing, whatever he's doing …" "Neglect. Love isn't everything." Seething, Minerva dipped into the water to rinse her hair. She came back up and got out after she pulled the plug. She pulled on midnight blue dress robes and stepped into neutral colored heels. She pumped a hair product in her hand, a spiderweb substance and ran it through her hair. As usual, she went with the tight bun. Elphinstone asked about the hair gel. "Rewind. It's a Muggle hair product. Agnes, Robert's daughter, suggested it." "The one who collects trinkets? She's strange. Don't get me wrong. I love when she's off." Elphinstone shut up when she advised him to stop whilst he was ahead. Minerva said it was rather strange that a wizard collected stamps and stationary. "Your father does that." "My father sends letters through the regular post." Minerva finished getting ready and threw her arms around his neck. "Is this all right?" "You're lovely. You can't lose your temper with Barty Crouch." "The submissive housewife? He already has one of those." Minerva scoffed, putting on her spectacles. "Minerva." "Fine, fine, Mr. Urquart, I'll play along and act like I don't know what we all know." "Which is?" Elphinstone cleared his throat, holding his tongue as they walked through the bedroom and into her office. "The Catherine you chose, the Catherine you crafted out of nothing, she died after marrying that man. You and I well know about it … all of it. She said yes, and that's on her." Minerva checked her grey handbag and snapped it shut. "Who do you think she is after twenty-five years? That? That's on all of us! And if he drags her into hell…" Elphinstone fretted over his work wife constantly. He didn't let it show, yet it came out in other ways, and he shared everything with Minerva. He reached up and grabbed a powdery substance out of a small box. After tossing it into the flames, he travelled with her to the Ministry via the Floo Network. They stepped into the Atrium on the other side, and he led her onto the second floor, stopping her before they stepped into Amelia Bones's office. "I promise to remember you are my best friend and my lover, and I will never leave you," said Elphinstone, caressing her cheek. "I'll love you, especially the things I hate about you, for we share a life together." "I won't go to bed angry with you. I won't leave your side, no matter what, because you … you are the best thing that ever happened me." Minerva rested her hand on the doorknob and took a deep breath. They had actual vows, actual words to say to each other. Amelia set out the papers on her desk, and they handled the boring paperwork first. Catherine, frail and wispy, sat in a chair and squeezed her husband's hand. Barty Crouch, sporting his perfect part and trimmed mustache, looked odd in his wizarding robes, and he certainly acted like he had better things to do than stand witness. Amelia stood in front of the desk and opened a black book. She read them lines, and she gave a booming laugh when Minerva pretended not to hear this nonsense about obeying her husband. Out of respect for her father, she'd asked for the Muggle vows. "Wait. I haven't got a ring," said Minerva, embarrassed. "It doesn't matter," said Elphinstone patiently and quietly. "Have you lost your mind?" Minerva's beady eyes narrowed. Catherine reached in her handbag and offered her a scratched wedding band. "It was my father's. Take it." Minerva thanked her and placed it on Elphinstone's hand as her fingers trembled. Amelia smiled, enjoying the interruption, and carried on without skipping a beat. When she finished saying her words, Elphinstone leaned in and kissed his bride passionately.