intents and purposes, he was them. "All I'm saying is this might be a problem down the road. You're an optimist, Dewey." Mad-Eye had dropped the Mr. Longbottom nonsense, yet Dewey, agitated, found himself wishing the Auror would pick it up again. What was he getting at? "All right, say she wakes up in a year or a year and a half. And you hand her this baby who's the spitting image of Crouch?" "Crouch's son might've simply been in the wrong place at the wrong time." Dewey voiced popular opinion. "Not the point. That was me being nice, but you're right!" Mad-Eye's tone leaked with sarcasm. "Wouldn't Bellatrix Lestrange love to know her filthy husband gave your son a bastard?" Nauseous, Dewey pushed away from the table. "If you defend these people, they will eat you alive, Dewey. You know how rare your son is? Alice was a gift. A gift!" Mad-Eye pounded his fist on the table and made Dewey jump. He put the starter on a carryout box and set it down. "What would Alice do?" "I don't know." Augusta had asked the same question, and Dewey gave the same answer. Was he supposed to change his mind because he spoke to an officer? If he'd known what was best for his family, didn't they think he would've done it already? Mad-Eye waved the waiter down and ordered two orders of the day's special. Dewey paid for the meal. "Want to go up to the hospital?" asked Mad-Eye. "Yes, please," said Dewey. They walked the short distance to St. Mungo's. After they passed through the sheer barrier, Dewey flashed his hospital badge at the security wizard, although he was pretty sure this fellow knew him by sight. He led Mad-Eye towards the ward. Mad-Eye carried the food. "He resembles you," said Mad-Eye. "Frank?" Dewey smiled, for he heard this a lot. He played with the stuff inside his robes. Mad-Eye rolled his eyes. Dewey, thinking he'd unintentionally offended this man yet again, stopped fidgeting. "Sorry." "Why are you apologizing? He does that, too. Frank fidgets." Mad-Eye's anger had evaporated as quickly as it came. "Do you know annoying it is during an interrogation to watch a grown man craft a chain out of Muggle paperclips? He makes me want to throttle him." Dewey shrugged. "Paperclips. I count matchsticks." "Strange. Fool, they put the count on the outside of box. Can you read?" Mad-Eye walked into the ward after taking a detour. He joined Dewey. "Alice." Few people outside of Dewey and Augusta and got privileges to see Frank and Alice. When they had gotten moved onto the permanent residents' ward, Dewey had added Alastor Moody to this list. Dewey didn't follow visiting hours, and the hospital respected his space. "I have food. Actual food." Mad-Eye handed both Alice and Frank their food and things of plastic silverware; they shared the starter. Dewey helped his son and his wife into chairs as Mad-Eye told them of the abysmal candidate interviews. Neither of them added anything to the conversation, and Mad-Eye acted like this happened all the time. "Trial ended today. We've got the bastards." "We didn't stay for closing arguments," added Dewey. "We went drinking," said Mad-Eye, unashamed he'd left during a court proceeding. Dewey suspected he'd done this off and on throughout the years. "Crouch is the law; the law is Crouch. Wonder how long that's going to last. I bet went it gets out there, Mr. Crouch shall fall from grace." Dewey didn't know what to say to this. The inner workings of the Ministry of Magic had never really interested him, although Frank and Alice had shared some good stories with him. Dewey hardly entertained gossip within the walls of St. Mungo's. Mad-Eye broke the news about Alice to Frank. "You two are the best officers I have ever had the privilege of working with," he said, placing a hand on Alice's knee. When they had announced their engagement, Mad-Eye had been against them tying the knot. "Notice I did not say, 'Probably,', Frank. And you can keep your comments to yourselves, thank you very much." Dewey chuckled. Mad-Eye turned towards Alice and touched her pale face. Although they were insane, these two kept good care of themselves, although they sometimes got lost on a train of thought leading to nowhere. Mad-Eye wiped her face with a napkin, and Alice didn't fight at his touch. She continued eating. "I think she knows your voice," said Dewey. Alice seemed to follow the sound of it before she got lost again. "She used to hate me," said Mad-Eye, and he definitely smiled at Dewey this time. He returned it, surprised this man smiled at all. When he turned back to Alice, he reached in his inside pocket and handed her a tube of lip balm. Alice applied to her cracked lips after she finished her food. "Alice. I know you're in there. If you can hear me, if you are getting any of this, I need you to nod or something." Alice offered him the empty container. "That doesn't count," said Dewey. He'd thought she'd kissed him on the cheek when he'd helped her to bed a few nights ago. Mad-Eye nodded, his tone devoid of emotion. "Absinthe." He got to his mismatched feet. "You asked my opinion, Dewey, and I've given it Absinthe. She can't … if Alice isn't there, she's not registering any of it. Make it painless. You'll forget it ever happened." "I cannot do that." Dewey rubbed his hands together. "You'll find those lines get blurred," said Mad-Eye. It wouldn't be difficult to find a solution to this unfortunate problem. Mad-Eye reached into his robes and handed Dewey two boxes of matches. He usually came by on the weekends. He shook Frank's hand and kissed Alice on the cheek after he whispered softly in her ear. With a parting wave, he left. Dewey sat back and counted his matches. He was missing two.