have reached your seventeenth birthday, my dear." "T-then," Hermione began, "I flee? Leave the country? What of my parents? Of Harry? I don't want to run from the fight, but I don't want to draw the enemy down on the rest of you." "A noble spirit," Albus said. "As a Gryffindor should be." She saw appreciative nods from Madam Maxime and Amelia Bones. Blushing, Hermione tried to brush it off. "Professor Dumbledore," she said. "I think you must have an idea of what I can do to help. Do you?" Albus inclined his head, looking understanding. "Yes, as I said before, you have options, we all do, tonight. Options on how to direct yourself in the time to come. We have buried the entrance you used to arrive here. A precaution. The Ministry might be able to find where you have been since that night, but they cannot find you down here. One option, as you have pointed out, is to flee. Madam Maxime, I do not speak for you or your school, but, should you take in Hermione, I can assure you that she would be of the highest calibre student you could have in your school. Her marks have been far above her peers, and her spell development and research… well, if you have seen Harry's performances in the tournament, no small part of that is due to Miss Granger." "I vould be more than willing to take on a student recommended by you, Dumblydore, should she wish it," Madam Maxime said. "And you vill find our school is shielded as this place, protected from zese sorts of spells. Ze Ministry here iz not ze only one with secrets." "Oh, thank you," Hermione said, feeling torn. To learn from a foreign school would be an amazing opportunity, and rare from all her research. They seldom allowed anyone from other schools to visit, and it was only under extreme circumstances that anyone ever transferred. Still, how could she abandon this? Abandon all of those people counting on you. "And, I would assist your parents in finding safety with our foreign neighbours," Dumbledore said. "I understand the Muggle governments allow easy movement between countries in Europe, and a few Muggles leaving will not attract notice from our enemies." "It would be an honour to learn at Beauxbatons," Hermione said, looking between Madam Maxime and Dumbledore, but her face couldn't quite smile at it. "But…" "But you worry about abandoning your friends, and all of us," Dumbledore finished for her. "I had thought you might. Thus, a second option occurred. This sanctuary is going to be a central location for the Order of the Phoenix and allies. We will regularly meet here and your friends - whom are hiding behind the wall assuming no one will hear them - will work nearby and can visit you whenever you like. When Harry returns, we will likely give him a similar choice." "Think on it, Mizz Granger," Madam Maxime said. "Next term is a little away, of course. You can do much good here in the meantime, I am thinking." "Yes, there is no need to decide tonight," Dumbledore said. "Once you have chosen, however, it will be quite difficult to change what we have set in place. And the longer we wait, the more risk to everyone involved. This war, however, is not yours to fight, none of you must face Voldemort or his Death Eaters. That choice is and always will lie with you. Harry, too, will have to choose, as well, when he returns." "What of… Hogwarts?" Hermione asked. "The other professors will look after the students for the time being," Dumbledore said. "I do not expect it will be a safe place for you or Harry for… some time." "I-I understand," Hermione said. "What other decisions did you need me to make tonight?" "Nothing you should concern yourself with tonight," Dumbledore said. "Should you remain, you will learn much more about what is going on. To properly research and develop spells, you will need to know what we are up against." "I- I see," Hermione said. "Please, go gather your friends," Dumbledore said. "Their ears must be hurting by now, pressed against the brick so hard. They will show you where you will stay, for tonight, and get you some supper. A couple Hogwarts house elves have offered their services to us, as a courtesy from Vinken." "Th-thank you," Hermione said. "I will think about it. Both offers are more than I could have asked for." "Go rest, Miss Granger," Dumbledore said. "We will speak again, soon." The others said their goodbyes, Madam Maxime's with a look of interest that had not been there at the beginning of the conversation. Hermione felt certain the woman would not be satisfied until Hermione agreed to join her school. Suddenly feeling more tired than she had been that long day of travel, Hermione went around the brick wall to where the twins were trying very hard to look casual. "Don't do it, Hermione!" Fred cried after they had walked a few paces away. "She hasn't decided anything yet, nutter!" George told him, laughing. "Both do seem tempting, right?" Hermione just nodded, following. Her thoughts were deep in this problem and far away. "We had a similar choice," Fred said. "Who could resist running a shop and helping defeat You-Know-Who together?" George asked. "Not us!" Fred exclaimed. "I can't wait until you see it." "She won't be able to until the Trace wears off," George corrected him. "Or we beat You-Know-Who," Fred said. "So a week, tops!" Hermione let them banter on as they walked. It was comforting to hear them acting as they always did. It could be sort of like that. If the twins were always near… And maybe Harry would come back. What should she do? What would Harry do in her place? Where was Harry? She hoped he was alright. He had to be alright. He just had to.