lap. This also gave Harry the perfect view of what lay waiting for him. Draco must have deemed the rubbing to be enough as he slipped one slick finger past the ring of furled skin that Harry could see, the digit disappearing almost entirely as the blond gasped loudly into the darkness. He moved it in and out a few times before adding another, and another, and Harry was watching, mesmerised and drooling, as the slender Slytherin finger fucked himself above the Gryffindor. He could see that Draco was getting close; his panting was getting faster and louder and a string of pearly pre-cum was connecting his dick to Harry's pyjama bottoms. The brunet reached up to grab a pale arm, bringing the blonde's attention back to the boy below him. "Don't forget me!" Harry stated, a cheeky grin working its way onto his face. The blond shook his head for a moment. "Sorry," he said, looking entirely unapologetic. "I just get carried away sometimes." He grinned, moving backwards and bringing the cotton trousers Harry had been wearing with him, before throwing them to join his own. He crawled forwards again and Harry felt his mouth go dry at the sexy Slytherin making his way towards him. A short, passionate kiss was exchanged before Harry watched Draco move back and grasp the Gryffindor's aching cock. He'd managed to compose himself and so, thankfully, didn't come immediately at the contact, but he still had to think of Umbridge bellydancing in a mankini to stave off his impending orgasm. He closed his eyes for a moment, composing himself, and when he opened them again Draco had positioned himself over Harry's cock and was slowly lowering down on it. The heat was incredible. Harry had never felt anything like it and threw his head back as much as he was able, eyes rolling back. His head snapped back however when he felt Draco sitting fully on his lap and heard a small noise of discomfort. Looking up at the blonde's face, Harry saw the pain etched into the features. He reached up one hand to stroke a cheek softly. "Take it at your own pace. Don't hurt yourself to please me." He said softly, moving his hand back to behind his head as visions of Umbridge flickered through his mind again. Draco gave a small smile and nodded, closing his eyes for a moment before they snapped open and he moved on his knees, hands on Harry's chest as the blond lifted himself up. Trying to breathe through the scent of sex and the swirling thoughts of Draco fucking Malfoy is riding me oh my god was becoming increasingly difficult, Harry found. He concentrated on breathing deeply to stave off his looming orgasm as he moved his hands to rest them on Draco's hips, guiding him as he rode the Gryffindor below him. "Ugh," the Slytherin groaned, slamming back down onto Harry with a new force. "So good. Wanted this for so long. Harry." He ground out in a pleasure filled whisper, grey eyes looking into green. "You're so good Draco. So sexy. Tight." Harry had no control over what he was saying now, and anything in his mind came pouring out of his mouth. "So hot and beautiful- ugh – amazing," he groaned, moving one of his hands forward to grasp the blonde's bouncing cock, gripping it tightly as the Slytherin squealed in pleasure. " Ngh - gonna- I'm gonna cum, Draco-" Harry had barely finished his sentence before his orgasm burst through him; his back arches and his released poured out of him and into Draco, coating his insides with a whitewash of fluid before he collapsed back to the floor, pasting heavily. Not to be forgotten, Draco whined and Harry moved his hand once more, twisting his wrist and flicking his thumb over the swollen head of Draco's prick until the blond let out a cry and warm liquid sprayed over Harry's fingers and chest, followed by a bedraggled looking blond who snuck his head into the crook of Harry's neck, the Gryffindor still inside him. There was silence but for the panting breaths of the new lovers. "Draco Malfoy, the snuggling type?" Harry said, "I never would have guessed." He wrapped his arms around the slender of the two regardless. "Fuck off, Potter." Harry could feel the smirk pressed against his neck and gripped the blond tighter, shifting slightly so that he slipped out of the placid Slytherin. They both gasped quietly at the sensation. Feeling sticky, Harry made to move to find a rag of some sort in the cupboard to wipe himself off when he found his path blocked by a shiny, sticky blond. "No. Sleep." Harry didn't dare argue. He lay his head back against the cold stone floor and pulled Draco to him once more, as they each fell asleep listening to the other's breathing. ... "Is this where you locked them up, Peeves? A yes or no will suffice." A calm, clear voice broke through Harry's slumber. He stirred slightly against the warm body entangled with his, smiling slightly at memories of the previous night. "Yes, Headmistress." Came another voice, this one higher and mischievous. "You may leave now." The first voice spoke again. Harry suddenly became fully conscious and his eyes snapped open at the realisation that Professor McGonagall was about to walk in on him and Draco sleeping together- naked! He started shaking the blond beside him awake and sat up, looking around for his pyjama bottoms. He saw they hanging off the top shelf with Draco's and was about to stand up to get them when said Slytherin sat up and looked at Harry with sleep confused eyes. At the same time, Harry heard a powerful voice chanting 'Alohamora!' through the wood of the door and his eyes widened, as his Draco's. The door opened. McGonagall hit the floor with a thud. "How many detentions do you think we'll get?" "Hundreds."