females in question. "Don't bother." Daisy remarks offhanded without even looking at Sirius. How she knew he looked Remus has no idea. "They couldn't handle you." She says matter-of-fact. This recaptures Sirius's attention. "And you can?" He wonders a bit of arrogance slipping through his charming façade. She does not answer the question. Instead she turns to him simply stating. "Let's dance." The night wears thin and the people have begun to disperse out of the bar slowly, the stragglers are now piss drunk, closing time is near. The three sit around the table chatting animatedly. Sirius and Daisy have danced several times and the group is three pints in. Daisy holds her alcohol well. "I think I'll have a smoke." She announces to no one in particular and standing brusquely heads to the back of the bar, where a spot is designated for smoking in the alley. "I like her." Sirius mentions off-handedly, as he watches the sway of her hips while she maneuvers through the closely placed tables. "She is . . . . Colorful." Remus lightly remarks of her forward nature. Sirius abrupt slaps the table. "Think I will have a smoke too." He stands up just brusquely grabbing his leather jacket off the seat and easing into it. "Be right back Rem." "Yes that does seem to be the theme of tonight." Remus remarks satirically, but Sirius is already halfway across the bar. Sirius throws his weight onto the crashbar and pushes the door open to alley. The temperature outside has significantly cooled off. The alley is dark. The walls plagued with brightly colored graffiti and the base of buildings lined with liter. An old dumpster is overflowing and several large trash bags, stuffed full of trash, are piled up beside it. There is no one in sight. "Dai . . . ." He goes to call her name stepping out into alley. The minute he steps into the darkened backstreet he recognizes the pressure of a wand tip press firmly into the exposed skin at the base of the back of his neck. The door slams shut. "Turn around slowly Mister Black. Hands where I can see them. No funny business unless you want to spend the rest of your life believing you a dog." She purrs. Slowly Sirius raises his hands above his head turning around gradually. "Well a lot of woman already think I am one." He retorts. She flashes dangerous smile. "Still the charming wit even when on the end of a threat." She steps forward her free hand reaching into his breast-pocket and retrieving his wand. She slips it into her bag and proceeds to search him, taking all his gold and other valuables. "Against the wall." She advises him, motioning with her wand. Begrudgingly Sirius goes to lean against the building. "Now we wait for your boyfriend." She goes over and hops up atop the dumpster, sitting on top of it. After a few seconds she says. "But seriously you want a smoke?" She pulls a pack of cigarettes from her purse taking one and placing it between her lips, it dangles there while she riffles through her bag for a lighter. After a second of not being able to find it suddenly she smacks her forehead playful. In the gesture of, 'what an idiot I am,' and proceeds to light the cigarette with her wand. She sticks out the box offering one to Sirius. "Sure why not." He concedes. She slides down off the dumpster and struts across the alley. Coming to a halt in front of him. She plucks one from the box and places it between his lips. Sirius leans forward and she lights the cigarette with her wand. She studies him, looking him up and down. Daisy takes a deep drag off the cigarette and blows it out the corner of her mouth. "It is a damn shame it has to end like this." She gazes into his eyes. "You are delectable." Sirius sighs. "I am sure Voldemort will reward you thoroughly if it is any consolation." Daisy looks confused for a moment. "I am not a Death Eater. They would not even let me in if I wanted to be a member." She assures him her face registering disgust. "I just want your stuff. I have a friend who strips wands down and resells them on the black market. I am thief not a Dark Lord worshiper." She takes a step back from him her face looking fearful. "What kind of weird shit are you two attached too?" Sirius is about to respond when the side door flies open again this time revealing Remus. "The bar is closing. What is taking you lot so long?" Daisy rounds her wand on Remus before he can even register what is happening. "Hands up!" She shouts any semblance of playing gone from her pretty face. "Against the wall with your companion." Remus looks between her and Sirius then defeated he raises his hands. "Not to close together." She advises him. "And no funny business." "I can guarantee you miss this stopped being even remotely funny moments ago." Remus mutters to himself. Daisy swiftly steps forward wrenching Remus's wand from his breast-pocket. "You got any money on you?" She demands to know. Remus scrounges through is pockets. "Only this." He hands her a few pounds. "How come you ask him and I get searched like a criminal." Sirius demands to know. She stuffs the money into her bag. "Maybe I wanted to frisk yah." She winks dropping the cigarette onto the pavement, and putting it out with ball of her foot, taking several steps back with her wand at the ready she bids them farewell. "Well gentlemen. It's been lovely. I hope you do not mind covering my drinks, it is noble thing to do." And with a pop she is gone. Apparating off to some unknown destination and leaving the two men standing wandless in the dark alley.