at this one he merely bored and rather irritated. Not to mention appalled by how everyone suddenly wished to be his friend once again now that he was once again their hero and savior. The rest of the final term passed in a haze of blazing sunshine. Harry proceeded to act the hero in public, but in the quiet of his bed continued to write to his beloved Tom. Can you believe these people Tom. We were actually rewarded for breaking rules, Dumbledore wanted us to play hero..not to mention the hypocrisy of all my so called friends and fellow students. I mean almost all year they've been whispering terrible things about me, when they believed me to be..well you, the Heir of Slytherin and now, now that I've 'saved' their buts, they all 'love' me again? I mean what is this? I know I have to play nice, but how can they actually believe I'm willing to just forgive and forget all that they've put me through this year..? Even my supposed best friends were wary, I mean they tried to help, but I could tell they were..scared, not just of what was happening, but of me! They didn't care enough to have faith in me. Only you care about me unconditionally Tom...thank you... Harry smiled, happy to have someone who loved him as much as Tom did. People will always fear that which they cannot understand Harry. They will also always fear those above them. You surpass them in power and greatness. Dumbledore must want you to be his champion of sorts. To put you in danger this way... unforgivable my dear. Their "love" and "friendship", comes at a price. To do as is expected, be the good and gentle hero willing to lay their life down. Fools. All of them. They are worthless in comparison to you. I will always care, I will always be there for you my darling no matter what. I am the one who loves you most Harry. My green eyed Angel. Harry blushed at Tom's words. I didn't realize how poetic you are Tom.. and I love you too. Harry stared in shock at the words which then appeared in response Who do you think came up with that song on Valentines? Ginny's ideas were just awful, so instead I gave her a decent idea. Did you like my valentine Harry? Harry laughed in amusement, the idea of Voldemort himself writing him a love poem was just too funny. The embarrassment he had felt in the moment it was delivered had all but evaporated at learning that it had truly been from his Tom. I loved it. " His eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad, His hair is as dark as a blackboard. I wish he was mine, he's really divine, The hero who conquered the Dark Lord." … ..I already am you know... Already are what my dear? Yours... Well Harry, I am yours as well Harry bid his beloved goodbye as he sighed and happily held the diary above his racing heart. Too soon, it was time to go home. He knew he would not be able to speak to his beloved as easily at the Dursely's. However he felt dealing with them would be more bearable, having someone to comfort and love him. He got on the Hogwarts express and passed the time playing exploding snap with his friends. Finally, the Hogwarts Express slowed and he had somewhat been indifferent to his friends he realized he needed to reach out in order to keep up appearances. Harry pulled out his quill and a bit of parchment and turned to Ron and Hermione. "This is called a telephone number," he told Ron, scribbling it twice, tearing the parchment in two, and handing it to them. "I told your dad how to use a telephone last summer — he'll know. Call me at the Dursleys', okay? I can't stand another two months with only Dudley to talk to. …" "Your aunt and uncle will be proud, though, won't they?" said Hermione as they got off the train and joined the crowd toward the enchanted barrier. "When they hear what you did this year? "Proud?" said Harry. "Are you crazy? All those times I could've died, and I didn't manage it? They'll be furious. … ". He waved goodbye then turned, walking towards his awaiting uncle. The ride back to privet drive was silent. When they arrived that night, he handed over his school things, not worried as he had already hidden the diary on his person. He was sent upstairs without supper. He locked his room for privacy, no longer fearing the quiet solitude. Harry didn't mind as he was eager to once again speak to Tom. Home sweet home. Not. Locked in again, without my stuff. It's barbaric the way they treat you. If I was there I would put those muggles in their place and take you far away. Darling, how will you get your work done without your supplies? Don't worry, I'll sneak down when their asleep. Would you really hurt them Tom..? And where would we go? Be careful not to get caught. I would merely teach them a lesson. I wouldn't hurt them if you so desire, but I truly despise them for all they have done to you. We would go wherever you desired. I'd be okay going anywhere as long as you were with me...Goodnight Tom, I love you. As I love you. Rest my darling, until tomorrow. Hope you enjoyed this work. In order to keep canon aspects certain phrases from the Chamber of Secrets were courses for the next chapter. Either a flashback of sorts into Tom and Harry conversing throughout the year. In other words the events prior to this chapter, when he first began writing to Tom. Or move on to the summer and the 3rd year. Or both. What would you all prefer? Let me know