changed things by telling you the future..." "Exactly." Dumbledore confirmed "Well...I suppose that makes a back story easier to come up with." Hermione mused, "I can basically use the truth with just changing a few key details." "That would be best. Since you will be staying you want something easy to remember, and if you end up forming relationships and friendships you don't really want to base those on lies." Dumbledore continued, "Now as you came here with barely anything but a wand and some clothes on your back I insist that I become your legal guardian." Hermione's whiskey colored eyes widened in surprise "I beg your pardon?" "Well, while you are eighteen now and a legal adult you still need to complete your last year at Hogwarts correct?" "Well yes but..." "So you will need someone who can provide to your needs and I would be more than happy to do it. After all you coming back here could mean a great deal the Wizarding world as a whole." "Sir.. you're too kind...I" Hermione nearly choked on her emotion. Dumbledore patted her hand reassuringly, "Don't think much of it my dear. There will be some difficult times ahead of us, and with what I have learned from what you have told me I feel the need to not be such a lonely old fool anymore. I think it would do everyone some good for me to take on a ward. And please call me Albus. When you are all better I can take you out to Hogsmeade to get some necessities." "Thank you, Thank you so much." Hermione was overwhelmed with emotion. "One more thing Miss Granger. What house did you belong with in your previous time? I do believe from your story you should have been in my old house." "You're correct, I was a Gryffindor." "Wonderful. We can get you settled back into Gryffindor tower once you're better. I'll make sure to have the head girl retrieve you once Madam Pomfrey gives you a clean bill of health." With that said Dumbledore released the silencing charm and got up, patting her hand in a grandfatherly gesture promising to take her out soon and iron out more details. And just as soon as he left Madam Pomfrey came back in fussing over Hermione and taking stock of her wounds. "I tried to heal what I was able to my dear." Pomfrey began, "Most of the cuts and bruises will heal, I gave you a potion while you were out to help mend some of your broken bones but..." "Is it about the bite?" Hermione asked softly seeing the way Madam Pomfrey trailed off pity shinning the the older woman's gaze. "Among other things." "I see." And Hermione did see it hadn't been that long since Bellatrix tortured the ever loving piss out of her. She was positive she knew what Madam Pomfrey was to tell her. "I'm not sure what kind of hell you've been through sweet girl." Pomfrey began, " It left a few marks and life long side effects. Do you remember how many times you were hit with the Cruciatus curse?" Hermione frowned as she tried to remember, " I believe I lost count after ten..." "Oh my sweet dear." Pomfrey muttered tears pooling in her eyes "Usually such prolonged exposure causes madness. Which thankfully it seems you have escaped from however, you will still most likely suffer the other side effects which would normally be temporary in nature but due to your high exposure..." "They're permanent?" "More than likely yes." "What side effects can I expect?" "Joint stiffness, Dull aches and pains, the worst of it will be seizures." "Lovely." Hermione muttered "I...I also want to ask about your scar. Was it a cursed blade?" "It was." "I thought as much." Pomfrey replied. "With cursed objects the wounds inflicted by them is very difficult to heal, and with it left alone for as long as it had...well there is no way to get rid of the scar. I'm sorry." Hermione fought hard not to cry. She has always believed that once this whole mess was over she could go to St Mungos and get the scar magically removed. Apparently that won't be the case and she will now be forced to live with that hateful slur carved deep into her arm. Pomfrey gave Hermione a moment to collect herself. Knowing it had to be hard on the poor dear. After all she did deliver some pretty bad news and she hasn't even gotten to the large bite on her shoulder... 'What in the seven hells has this girl been through?' She thought to herself. "and the bite?" Hermione asked softly startling Madam Pomfrey from her thoughts. Hermione already knew what the bite probably meant but she still wanted to hear it anyway. "It was a werewolf bite." Pomfrey stated plainly. "While it doesn't necessarily mean you'll turn we'll have to exercise caution. Your chance of turning is pretty high." "It isn't pretty high. It's certain." Pomfrey was once again startled by Hermione's words. "beg your pardon?" "The bite is from Greyback. He made sure I would turn...the person torturing me you see...worked for the dark lord and planned...she planned...I was going to..." Hermione couldn't finish. The complete horror of the situation she would have been in. The terror grasped her tightly in a vice like grip and her whole body felt like it was under icy water. Madam Pomfrey seemed to have been able to pick up the pieces in Hermione's fragmented explanation and rushed to the young girls side to envelope her in a gentle hug. "Shh my dear, you're safe now. Greyback won't be able to get you here." Hermione could only weep into the matrons shoulder as she let it all out. Completely unaware of the two prying eyes that watched from what would one day be Harry's invisibility cloak. A/N: That is chapter one of my first fanfic! Please R+R