they'll come for you, they'll know you did this!" How laughable, that someone of this calibre would have any friends to care about him. Clearly, her thoughts must have shown on his face, because he frantically switched track "Y-you wouldn't do this, I'll die you know? You'll be a murderer! There's no way a kid like you will kill me!" His face hardened, gaining a more confident look as he picked up steam. "Th-that's right. J-just give me the weapon. We'll forget this whole thing. I was only messing around, I wouldn't actually hurt yo-" The cold barrel of the gun was pressed against his forehead, shutting him up. "How disgraceful. So quick to reveal yourself as the coward you are, such a fool. Tell me, why shouldn't I kill you right now? Give me a reason." He was beginning to sweat, blood was continuing to pour out of his wounds and all the while he was getting more agitated, desperate. Oh, how she enjoyed this. For a full grown wizard to be beaten by a child wielding a muggle weapon. The fear on his face was… Delicious. "I- I can give you money, please! I'll give you anything, tell you anything!" Ah, such desperation. A smile curved onto her face, it was just too amusing. Her fiery eyes almost seemed to glow in the low-light of the room. "If you want to live, you'll answer my every question, won't you?" He hesitantly nodded his head, eyes crossed on the gun barrel. "Excellent. Well then, first of all…" She learned quite a lot from him, such as where the most dangerous places within London were. He obviously didn't know much, being the waste that he was, but he knew general things, like the value of galleons when compared to muggle money. She could hardly ask others about things like that, it was rather suspicious, but he wasn't going to live for much longer anyway. "Ash and Leprechaun hair, really? What an… interesting combination. If I'm not mistaken, Ollivander doesn't use such wand cores. I guess your wand is substandard? How fitting." The impotent rage in his eyes only made her grin wider. "Well, as interesting as this little chat has been, I believe its time for our acquaintance to come to an end. Such a pity, you were a… fascinating conversation partner." The gun was pressed harder against his forehead, her finger tightening on the trigger. "W-wait! You said you'd let me go!" The mans eyes were flickering around the room, seeking an escape, lingering on the wand lying a distance away. "I don't believe I did. If it makes you feel any better, just know that this wasn't your fault, of course. It was just your misfortune for being born a wizard " she mocked. She felt a certain delight in turning his words back upon him. His eyes widened before he made a move for his wand, but it was too late; with a resounding bang, he slumped to the floor, crimson blood pooling beneath his head, eyes glassy. Now that that was dealt with, she could finish off what she came here for. Searching the rest of the building, she found other guns and bullets. Most she left untouched, though she replaced her pistol with one which looked cleaner, having rested in a glass case, as well as grabbed a number of cartridges for the gun. She was humming a little ditty to herself as she explored, satisfied with how the day went. It wasn't much, but putting down a rabid wizard made her feel… Satisfied. It calmed the rage within her, just a little. Oh, she'd almost forgotten in all the excitement. Walking back to the corpse, she searched it for any useful items. There was a small bag of galleons - about 5 with some sickles, knuts and others she couldn't recognise - but that was it. The wand lying nearby, however, that was a prize. It was rough looking - she could almost mistake it for a branch - as well as short, only 7 inches long, a tiny wand for a tiny wizard. She could faintly sense the magical nature of it, however. No branch would feel like that. The light brown wand seemed to stutter feebly as she picked it up, sparks jittering from the tip. It felt coarse and brittle beneath her hand. She could feel her magic melding with it, but with a deep thrum, the wand jerked weakly, almost jumping from her grip. It was… Rejecting her, pushing power through the wand felt like trying to thread a very tiny needle. She pointed the wand at the body. "Incendio" she said. The spell failed, nothing but a faint trail of smoke rising from his hair. Well, that was disappointing - and tiring - but hardly unexpected. She could experiment later. Exiting the building, she took a cautious walk back to the orphanage. She may have a gun now, but it wouldn't do to get cocky, that would only get her killed. Others could have been attracted by the sound of gunshots, though that was unlikely. Bangs and other such noises weren't exactly uncommon and as she had just learned, this wasn't a particularly active area for criminals. It was why he - she never got his name, did she? - had been there, hiding from others. He'd seen her and just couldn't resist, the filth. Reaching into her pocket, she pulled out a shiny golden galleon. It was cold and heavy, reflecting her image in its embossed surface. £50 this was worth and she now had five of them, counting the other coins she had, that was around £300. He must have had his entire life savings on him. It brought to mind something she had been thinking about for a while now. She needed money if she was ever going to achieve her goals, a lot of it. She could hardly conquer the world a pauper, could she?