Rhône wine and drink it alone in her flat on the night of the mandated wedding. She hadn't stuck around to learn the details, but she knew it had to be soon. Why else would he be here? Draco met her gaze and held it with surprising confidence. As though he hadn't just almost told her he was in love with her. "That's not what I want," he said calmly, clearly. "What will you do?" she asked, hoping to deflect his line of thinking. She also had to break their gaze, and she did so by taking a sip of her tea. "If you don't marry, won't you be in violation of the law? And go to Azkaban until you fulfill it?" "I'm not sure," he replied with a careless shrug. "You vacated the country. I don't know what the legal ramifications are. You're the only one who left. The only one!" Anger seemed to surge up suddenly. "I don't care—" "There will be no one left, Granger," he continued over her, his voice rising slightly. "No one. When you come back—and you will come back, you'll have to! Your friends and family are there. Are you going to miss weddings, babies, celebrations forever because of your stubborn pride? And when you come back, there will be no one available." Hermione gritted her teeth. "My list of potential mates is not limited to those in England." Draco's eyes widened; apparently, he hadn't considered that she might find someone outside her native land. She continued before he could gather his thoughts to speak. "I refuse to allow the Ministry—or anyone—tell me whom or when to marry! When, and if, I get married, it will be to someone I choose. Not from a list of pre-approved eligible bachelors." She was angry again, though not at Draco, and she had to keep her emotions in check. She didn't want to hurt him more than was absolutely necessary for him to really hear her so that he could go home and move forward with his life. Draco was quiet for a few minutes. Hermione had time to be distracted by a family of four purchasing some fresh flowers from the market down the street. Finally, he sighed heavily, squared his shoulders and looked her in the eye. "Then choose me." Hermione's heart caught in her throat. He really did seem to want to marry her. Just for an instant, the smallest portion of a breath, she hesitated. Her mind started to walk the path of what he was asking, but then she closed her eyes, shaking her head to physically force the images away. "I'm sorry," she said sincerely. "So, so sorry, Draco, but I absolutely cannot even consider it. Let me sign something so that you aren't held to this match. I'll write the Ministry, I'll do whatever I have to do to—" Draco shook his head, his entire posture reflecting his hurt. He pulled away from her in every sense of the word, and she actually felt the loss, even though they were sitting across a café table from each other. He casually retrieved a few euros from his pocket and set them on the table. "I'm sure it's enough for yours as well, I don't care to count or wait for change." He stood. "Thank you for your time." With a brief, impersonal nod, he walked away and out of sight. Out of her life. Hermione realized her hands were shaking when she reached for her teacup. She tried to lift it but decided she wouldn't risk breaking it. It was all she could do not to look after him, but on the very off chance he was watching her, she couldn't. It took her about half an hour to feel calm enough to leave. While she waited, she allowed herself to think about what might have been. Before the rumors of the Law had started, she'd found herself attracted to Draco. She'd hoped he would ask her out and had done her best to encourage him. But he hadn't, and then the Law was talked about openly. At that point, Hermione stopped hoping Draco would ask her out because she'd have said no. She'd have said no to anyone who'd asked, but she'd hoped to remain friends with Draco. She'd also known before too much time had passed that she wouldn't be sticking around if the Law were passed. Besides, she'd never dared imagine that he'd want to date her—much less marry her—enough to put in a request for her in the match process. Now, though, it seemed that he had felt… something between them, enough to convince him that, of all the witches in England, she was his preference. She couldn't allow herself to think that he really was in love with her. She wasn't ready to face that reality, and the accompanying knowledge that she'd quite possibly broken his heart. AUTHOR'S NOTE : So here's a funny story. I started writing in 2006, and I abruptly stopped in 2010 after my daughter was born. Or, rather, I stopped being active in fandom or putting words on paper; I never really stopped writing. Just posting. Or finishing anything. This particular story was started in 2012. YES. TRUE STORY! It has taken me over 4 years to finish it. And the finished word count is only 26K. It's crazy to me, because I used to be able to write and finish a story like this in less than a month during my "prime." Anyway. Maybe most of you don't even remember when I was actively writing, and that's fine. But I'm totally still here, I still like to read, and I still love to write. So, who knows, maybe it'll happen again. In another 4 years! MANY MANY THANKS to my beta for this story, eilonwy ! A good beta is worth her weight in gold, and eilonwy is one of the best! Seriously, betas make the world go 'round!