all right." "How old am I?" Frank focused on his face. His skin reminded him of wax paper. He paled, switching his thoughts to Neville. "You were a baby. How old are you?" "You're going to freak out." Neville exhaled slowly and pointed to his father and then to himself. Frank nodded, waiting for the news. "You've been out for twenty years. You and Mum got admitted into the hospital in 1982. You're sixty. I'm twenty-two." "What? I'm dreaming," decided Frank, nodding to the older man he didn't recognize in the mirror. He paced the bathroom, muttering to himself all the while. His stance reminded Neville of Kingsley's measured, military step. He reached out to Neville as he came back the other way. Neville closed his eyes at his father's touch. He'd imagined his parents waking up all the time. It wasn't that this was an awful experience, he'd simply imagined walking out of the hospital with them. Frank lowered his voice, his tone careful and concerned. "You're crying." "Yeah, yeah." Neville swallowed a lump in his throat, wishing this moment would freeze itself in time. The professionals said a child couldn't hold memories until age three. Neville's memory was poor anyway, yet he knew he'd never forget this."It's nice to finally meet you, Dad." "Yeah," said Frank chuckling shakily, not believing any of this. He locked Neville in a tight embrace. "Look at you." Neville blushed, feeling self-conscious yet again. "Are you going to tell me what happened?" Frank unlocked the door after a couple tries. His muscles had atrophied. He shook his head, taking it back. "Never mind. I don't wanna know." Neville followed him, pleased he had decided to drop the subject. How exactly was he supposed to tell his father he'd been locked inside his own head for twenty years? They couldn't leave the ward. This was a moment of clarity for Frank. Neville refused to lose his own head over this; it would end. It was a gift, he knew, and he wanted to savor it. The Healers had usually spoken to his grandmother, for he was a shy, stupid kid through most of this. He'd come to the hospital to visit his parents, but they were never present. Until now. Neville told his father about the Herbology post and the new girl. "So... Francis, eh?" Neville smirked. "Don't I make the prettiest little girl?" Frank raised his eyebrows when Neville burst out laughing, almost doubling over. He paused by the window. "I don't think your grandmother really thought that one out. Dewey got in trouble when he insisted they change it. I was almost an Elliot. It's whatever." "You're so laid back." Neville had heard this hundreds of times before. It was truly something to see it. His great uncles and great aunts had basically run stories into the ground. Neville had tired of hearing them. "Alastor Moody hated that. Alice and I pretty much partied on our own. Have you met him?" Frank sat down in his chair and crossed his legs. "Yes and no," said Neville hesitantly, not wanting to delve deeply into that story. He knelt down beside his mother, smiling when she offered him another sweets wrapper. He pocketed it. Alice wasn't fully awake. Neville lifted her in his arms and carried her like a small child over to the hospital bed. He'd probably regret this later, for he'd catch it from the Healers, but he levitated Frank's bed; it landed softly beside Alice's. "You look tired. Lie down, Dad." Frank hesitated for a long minute, wiping his eyes and shaking his head. "I don't want to go asleep. I'll forget." Neville shook his head, thankful Miriam had pulled the flowery curtains to give them privacy. Neville didn't want to check his watch, for he had an aching feeling things were winding down. He started crying again. He didn't want to be alone. "You won't. I won't." Neville pulled at his father's shirt when Frank opened his arms again. "I'm so proud of you. You tell this girl you're a Longbottom, eh? You're boring on the outside, sure, but wait and see. That's how I got your mother. Well, actually, I cornered her. On second thought, don't scare her. Not everyone's Alice. I forget that. Ask her." Frank clapped him on the shoulders. They said nothing for a few minutes and held each other. "I love you." Neville lost it and buried his head in his father's shoulder. Frank stood there, probably waiting for his son to gather himself. Neville knew he was an Auror, after all, and skilled Aurors didn't wear their emotions on their sleeves. If Neville hadn't been asked, he doubted he would have accepted the Auror post. He accepted it because it was Kingsley Shacklebolt. He'd probably have researched plants. Neville clapped his father on the back, realizing they held each other a long time, and stared into Frank's clouded, blank expression. "Dad? Frank?" Neville shook his father and frowned. He was gone. He helped his father into bed and tucked him in. Frank snuggled next to his wife and held her close, and he took the book Neville offered him. Frank opened the book to the right page and got lost in the book. Neville helped himself to Kleenex on Alice's bedside table. His parents fell asleep in each others arms. "I love you, too. Good night." Neville decided he'd take the summer off. Perhaps he'd go abroad and study poisonous plants. He'd borrowed books from the Restricted Section of the Hogwarts library. He'd have to return by August to prepare himself for a new school year. He'd draft lesson plans whilst on his travels. Perhaps he'd think about asking Hannah a certain question. Neville sat in the wooden chair and pulled the letter opener and the thick envelope out of his robes. Setting the letter opener on Alice's bedside table, Neville took the parchment out with shaking fingers and started to read by candlelight.