door slammed closed again, and this time the Marauders didn't come out again after a few seconds. "Let's get to it." Ginny said, heading for the room next to the Marauders and lifting up one of the beds with a Wingardium Leviosa. "Because I'm tired." Harry nodded, and he and Neville helped guide Ron and Ginny as they lifted the two beds into the guest rooms, while Luna and Hermione helped get them through the doors with temporary extension charms on the doorways. The girls collapsed them after a few seconds, the spell far above both their years and still too difficult for them for long. But it was enough, and the beds made it into the room. Harry and the others bade the girls goodnight, and then the boys helped put the beds in the right place. In the end, they settled for a style not too dissimilar from their dorm back in Gryffindor tower, with the beds all against the wall, the foots pointed to the centre. Harry collapsed on the one the farthest from any of the doors, sitting up to take off his shoes. Neville sat on the sofa to do the same, while Ron didn't bother to even do that, so tired he fell asleep the moment he briefly lay down on the bed. The characteristic snoring soon followed after. "Good night, Harry." Neville said, as he lay underneath the blankets of his own bed, and soon fell asleep as well. Harry sighed, wishing he could do the same as well. But he had stuff to do. He knew he could technically also do it tomorrow, but it felt better to him to do it now so they wouldn't have to worry about it later. First, he put the Prophecy down on the desk, encircling it with his belt so it wouldn't roll off while he slept. He wanted to view it now, but he was too tired to take it in properly, and he knew the others would want to see it too. If anything, Charlus and Fleamont might have some advice on how he should take its contents. Next, he put his captured wands beside it. Mulciber's, Jugson's, Rabastan's, Rudolphus's, and Nott's. He knew Hermione already had Crabbe's and Neville had laid down Bellatrix's next to the one of his father. He would sort those tomorrow among the othersas well, first thing. The wand chose the wizard, after all, and it was a good idea to have at least one back-up. True, some might not fit any of them properly, but it was worth a try. Then, he checked to see if he had forgotten anything else. And to his surprise, he did. He felt a slight bump in his lower back under his shirt, and pulled it out. Damn, he'd almost forgotten he'd started carrying his Invisibility Cloak everywhere with him since last Christmas. Sirius had told him to after relating a tale of how he'd once caught his parents snogging behind a statue in an abandoned part of the castle with it after intending to return it with the map for a prank they were supposed to pull. And Sirius had stressed he'd never know when opportunities would come along, and that having the cloak on him would always be handy. It was for that reason he'd started carrying it and the last object he had with him everywhere he went. He pulled the last thing out of his pant's pocket, and lay the parchment down on the desk, covering the orb and wands with it. Oh, the Marauders would scream in joy if they learned they had access to two cloaks and two Marauder Maps. If only he'd thought of it back in Umbridge's office to give it to Hermione while he Floo'd Kreacher, the mess could have been avoided altogether. He lay back down on his bed, trying to sleep. But it still eluded him. What did the vision mean? Usually, he only had visions of things happening near Voldemort in the present, when it happened at that exact moment, like with the snake and Ron's father. So why was he having visions of Voldemort's past? Why was he seeing his memories? Another thing to raise with Dorea and Charlus, he was sure. And when he did that, he would make sure to also show the memory itself. Horcruxes. So that might explain how Voldemort survived all these years. It would explain how he could get a new body if he had never truly died in the first place. But that made him wonder. If one destroyed every single one of his Horcruxes, would one be able to actually kill Voldemort himself? After all, if those anchors are destroyed, there would be nothing tying him to this world. Harry shot up from his bed. Of course! As they had discussed earlier, they were here to change the course of the bloody war. They had discussed it themselves bare minutes ago. And this was the biggest game changer the war could possibly get. If Charlus saw and realised this, and hunted down and destroyed the Horcruxes with Dumbledore, they could bring the war to an absolute end a whole lot sooner. They had a real chance of winning this! He quickly made his way to the desk and wrote it down on a spare piece of parchment, after making sure he wasn't writing on the map by accident. He didn't want to forget this lapse of momentary brilliance. Satisfied he'd already established at least some sort of goal for the future, he headed back to bed. And this time, like Ron, he fell asleep as soon as his head hit the bed. Well, here's the first chapter. Please, tell me if you like it or not. Reviews are much appreciated. next stop: Harry relates his plan, meeting the Longbottoms, Gringotts and its surprising revelations regarding the time travelers, Diagon Alley, establishing alibis, and establishing friendships. until next time Lucian Valerious