Dumbledore actually bothered with saying farewell. They walked off together. Frank and Alice, not long for this world, for they were both dead on their feet, followed in their wake. Playing a married couple was actually difficult when you were already married to your significant other. Frank found this out really quickly. They didn't have to shed their closeness, but Frank and Alice could no longer be Frank and Alice. He lived for the small things. If the Death Eaters knew all of their quirks, they would basically be themselves masquerading in finer clothes. This would kill them. Alice, left-handed, had trained herself to be ambidextrous, for in her mind, Maggie's dominant hand was the right one. She'd used a Color Changing Charm to change her hair to rich, brunette locks. After work, they changed into these people and left their true selves behind. They changed house, which was a headache in itself, yet they weren't strapped with two mortgage payments. The Ministry paid for everything. In late May, Frank returned to this house to find the second bedroom transformed into a nursery. Alice, who came home early more because Mad-Eye insisted the neighbors needed to see her out and about, showed him the lacy bassinet. The walls were pink. When he got home, she whispered seductively in his ear, and before he knew his next move, they made love on the nursery floor. Alice laughed when Frank asked what was for dinner. "Was that Maggie or you?" Frank zipped his trousers and buttoned his shirt. They masqueraded as Muggles. "I'm good either way. No complaints." Alice rolled her eyes and laid on the thick comforter. "So, are you shooting for subtlety here, or does this mean we're having a girl?" Frank nodded when Alice said she had nothing to do with decorating this place. She didn't want to know the gender. "Ah, well, that's a potential problem." "Why?" Alice searched for her clothes and got dressed. As she got bigger, it was more comfortable to don Muggle clothes. "What happens if Maggie's and Zeek's daughter comes out sporting an extra appendage?" Frank raised his eyebrows when Alice's round face fell in a comical expression. He helped her to her feet. "Uh huh. Suddenly Betsy's not Betsy." "Betsy? That's awful." Alice frowned at him and watched him make pre-packaged macaroni cheese. Frank showed her the two wrapped parcels and admitted he was lost. He understood the pasta part, though the other white parcel threw him for a loop. "It's powdered cheese. You mix it in." Frank shrugged and handed her the stuff. "You read the box, Zeek," she said, adding the powdered processed cheese in with a touch of milk. She served up pork chops, canned corn, and macaroni cheese. After Lily had explained the mystery of the can opener, Alice had become rather adept with using the Muggle contraption. They sat at the small dining room table. "You think they're watching us?" "What? In the nursery?" Frank frowned, for it hadn't crossed his mind. Bugging was a Muggle tactic, not a magical one. He sounded unsure. "No? I hope not." Alice tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. "Someone needs to stop spending time with Alastor Moody." Since she'd planted the idea in his head, Frank got stuck, and the previous scene played through his mind. Alice, amused, watched the shock wash over his face. He lost his appetite. "Wait. When did this occur to you?" "Wouldn't you like to know?" Alice waited for him to pick up his fork again. "Don't tease me, Maggie, I don't like it." Frank got to invent Zeek from scratch, which he liked, and Alice got to do the same with her cover. He started eating again. It was nice of the Auror Office to give them complete freedom. He thought of another puzzle. "Does this mean we have to come up with two names?" "For?" Alice got the point when Frank waved at her with his fork. She rested her hand briefly on her belly. "Oh, I didn't think of that. You think so?" "I don't see this lifting before the end of summer, do you?" The process moved slowly as they tracked the movements of Augustus Rookwood. Alice shook her head. If they sped things up, they risked exposing themselves and blowing the entire operation. "So, what're we calling her? The crazy cat lady across the street wants to throw you a baby shower." "No. That's mental." Alice asked for seconds. Frank got up to get her some, and they went back to discussing names. "Charlotte." "Lottie Longbottom?" Frank played Devil's advocate and tossed this back in her face. Alice scratched this out on a nearby notepad. Frank gave it a go. "Regina." "I'm not even going to dignify that with a response. Besides the crazy cat knows us as Todd. Charlotte Todd works." Alice jotted it down and promptly crossed it out. "I'm still thinking. You go." Frank racked his brains and snapped his fingers. "Joshua." "Joshua," said Alice approvingly, saying the name aloud and consulting their long list. This thing had been drafted over days. The way this went, if he mentioned a boy's name, she matched him with another one. She said nothing for minutes. Frank, thinking they were done with the game for the day, started doing the dishes by hand. He didn't catch it the first time. "Neville Joshua." "What? No." Frank dipped his hands into the soapy water. When she said nothing, he turned and saw pure content on her face. "Alice! Alice, no. Neville? A kid called Neville gets beat up and picked on." "Shut up, Francis," she said, still smiling. "Yeah! You know my name? Francis Dominic? I learned to run fast. So many jokes. Not funny jokes." Frank finished cleaning the kitchen and cursed his mother for branding him with this atrocity. "Seriously? Alice." It wasn't happening. There was no way in hell Frank was calling his child Neville Longbottom.