Patti stopped. "Just tell me," he said, seeing the fear etched on her face. He expected to hear about a boyfriend or a one night stand. They'd been engaged the first time round for a few months. "It's fine." "I met a senator. This man." She tapped on the newspaper. "And he asked me to help him over to the hotel. He was drunk, I expect ..." Kingsley held up his hand, finished his apple, and tossed the core into the wastebasket. He didn't like where this was headed, and he didn't want to know. Patti, a wealthy woman, fit in well with the high class society, which is why the United States government, MACUSA, probably picked her for this assignment. "I don't want to know," he said, checking the fruit bowl. "No, Kingsley, if I don't tell you ... " Patti caught her breath, casting a terrified look at the door. She held his face in her hands, and they were trembling. In her excitement, she knocked the bagel onto the tiled floor. "You'll marry me no matter what?" "No." He gave her an honest answer; Kingsley turned his head and tapped the newspaper. The man sought re-election in MACUSA. He read off the name in the caption. "Barney Grimsditch." "I'm only going to say this once." Her skin turned green. "Okay," said Kingsley, getting bored, and frankly, wondering if she'd admit anything at all at this point. He checked his watch. People stood outside waiting to grab a quick bite to eat during the last minutes of lunch. "Patricia." Patti picked her bagel off the floor and tossed it in the wastebasket. "That man ... he raped me." Kingsley stared at her, speechless. He sank into a chair at the island in the middle of the kitchen. Patti left, opening the kitchen door, apologizing to the waiting queue outside, and disappeared into a bustling crowd as someone shouted about some story concerning the Royal Family. Nausea washed over him. When someone offered him a glass of water and some pills, he took them in one swallow, not even caring what they were. They took effect some fifteen minutes later. Kingsley didn't know what to do. Later that evening, he'd arrived home alone. Technically, she didn't live here; he lived as a bachelor in his expensive flat. Patricia had a toothbrush in his toothbrush holder and her makeup bag was under the sink. He'd planned on buying her a dressing gown, yet it kept slipping his mind for some reason. He searched the entire place, although she definitely wasn't there. Hours later, he woke to the sound of running water and walked into the bathroom. After closing the lid, he sat on the toilet. "Patti?" "Yeah?" Her silhouette was clouded by the frosted door. She raised her voice so he could hear her over the rushing water. Steam filled the room. She opened the door a little and stuck out her hand; the engagement ring glittered there. "I need the shampoo from the linen cupboard, please." Kingsley grabbed the lavender scented stuff for her. As she had moved her stuff into his linen cupboard, he read this as a good sign. He gave her the shampoo. When she stepped out of the shower, Patti pulled on Kingsley's dressing gown over his Puddlemere United t-shirt she'd "borrowed" as a nightshirt. As she brushed her teeth, Kingsley watched her. "What?" She cleaned out the sink. "Patti, you know what." Kingsley walked into the bedroom and left the bedroom door open. When she joined him, he was climbing into bed. When she laid down and rolled on her side, not facing him, Kingsley ran his fingers through her damp hair. He lowered his voice, although they were quite alone. "What do you want me to do?" "Nothing. Go to sleep." Patti didn't move. He sat up in bed, thinking hard, for he'd been running this revelation through his mind all day; he couldn't help himself. Kingsley shook her, not letting her nod off. When she insisted Kingsley drop it, he grew angry and relit a candle. "Why tell me?" He shot at her. "You're going to be my husband," she said, agitated now, giving up sleep for the time being. She might doze off later, but this wasn't going to be a good eight hours' rest. She took his hand, intertwining their fingers. They said nothing for a while. "I wanted to tell you. We don't keep secrets. It happened, I got through it, and I'd rather not relive it. It's too late to do anything, anyway, and he'll get reelected." "Is that why you left?" Kingsley rubbed her shoulder. "Yes and no." She gave a cryptic answer on purpose, sounding too tired to elaborate. Before he pressed her, she reminded him of the law. "The statue of limitations has expired. Senators get reelected all the time, Kingsley. It's the system. They asked me to protect Mr. Grimsditch during the election, and I declined. I quit. He's one of what they call the Originals. One of the Twelve, a good old boy, as they say in the States." "The Originals." Kingsley jarred his memory. Kingsley had heard of the Original Twelve Aurors in the United States of America. He knew the name, although he knew next to nothing about them. He had been only concerned with Mr. Grimsditch. He was vaguely aware that he painstakingly pieced this together. He draped his hand over her shoulder, she cuddled next to him. Again, they fell into a comfortable silence. "Patti. Patti?" Kingsley lifted their linked hands. Patti's grip broke apart because she finally drifted off to sleep. Her other hand rested on his chest. Kingsley raised his head a little and blew out the candle, calling it a night. He whispered, for he had no idea if she heard him or not as he listened to her soft breathing. He shifted, pressing his lips to her forehead. "I love you still. No matter what."