they have inside of them simply by being hunters. They are born and bred to fight. While some may find their abilities leaning more towards the academic or healing side of things, they will always be natural born fighters." "And how do you know that I belong to one of those clans?" Jasmine asked as her frown and confusion deepened while feeling pleased for some odd reason, "Evans is a common name after all," "True, but you can tell by the eyes," Lykos' smirk grew into crooked grin, "All magicals of the Evans line have green eyes. The Hunters of that line have jewel tones," Lykos leaned back in his seat, "Let's focus on your abilities, you've always been faster than the those around you? You're a natural at finding hiding places whenever you need to? You've outclasses your fellow students when you do the practical parts of any lesson?" He looked at her with a raised eyebrow as he practically purred, "You're a natural flyer?" Jasmine's eyes widen and she couldn't stop herself from gaping at him. No matter what, she'd always outpaced her classmates in primary school when it came to running. No one had been able to find her when she had places to hid save for the few times when she'd been horribly exhausted. While she sometimes had trouble with book work due to how boring it was, she'd always been able to cast whatever spell she was working on once she understood it. Whenever she was in the air, it felt like she belonged there and no one that she flew with had ever been able to keep up when she went all out. Jasmine breathed out sharply, "How did you-" "Hunters are like that," Lykos sat up and peered at her, "You have a choice to make. Will you go to High Arch or not?" Jasmine wanted to go to High Arch and meet these Hunters. Before she gave him her answer, Jasmine needed to know, "What does my sixteenth birthday have to do with anything?" Lykos let out a soft chuckle which made the hairs on the back of her neck rise. He looked at her with a smirk on his face and said, "If you are not on Drago and meet with the Hunters by your sixteenth birthday, you will die." "What?!" Jasmine burst out, "How?!" "Hunters have wings which come in on their sixteenth birthday," He informed her with a tone coated in dark amusement, "You need to take a potion to ease the process while a group of elder Hunters watch over you. If you don't, you'll die from either the pain it creates or your wings coming in wrong. The potion will ensure that you won't die from the pain or your wings coming in wrong. The elder Hunters will ensure they come in correctly. While it is minor, the blood loss is also a problem," Jasmine stared at him while attempting to understand what had just come out of his mouth. Hunters had wings and she would apparently be gaining them on her birthday. If she didn't have help, they would kill her. Wings were going to kill her. She could almost hear the Daily profit now: Chosen One dies due to wings. Jasmine set the book down and groaned softly, "Why can't my life not be full of bullshit?" Lykos chuckled softly, "Life is better this way. Normal things are boring." Jasmine didn't comment as she ran a hand through her messy black hair. She wanted to go to High Arch and would have to meet with the Hunter clans. She could do that besides being a Hunter would help her kill Voldemort. Maybe she could kill Bellatrix too while she was at it alongside the Malfoy Sr. and the rest of Voldemort's band of Death Eaters. With a low sigh, Jasmine informed him, "I'll take up the offer to go to High Arch." "Excellent," Lykos reached into his bag to pull out a pen and paper. He wrote down a quick message before pulling out a stamp. He folded the paper a few times before pressing the stamp against it. With a muffled pop and a burst of smoke, the message disappeared and Lykos put his utensils away. Jasmine picked the book back up and asked, "What now?" "Now," Lykos grinned at her, "We leave this room and go speak to the tellers about what's going to happen from now on. After that, we'll get the supplies you need alongside a few things I believe will be helpful. From there, we'll be traveling to a place where you'll be staying until Zane can get you a visit with the Clans. I will be returning to school once I get you settled," Jasmine nodded before informing him, "Dumbledore and the people working for him are looking for me. The moment we leave the bank, they'll most likely see me." "Which is why you'll be wearing this," Lykos pulled out a pearly white bracelet covered in runes, "It will conceal everything about you. Keep this in your pocket until we leave, I really don't want the goblins to get pissy. They'll paint their pretty marble floor with your blood if you wear that in here," Jasmine stared at him for a few moments while wondering if he's a bit insane. Given what Remus said about vampires, it is likely he was. Shaking her head, Jasmine took the bracelet and put it in her pocket. Lykos stood up from the table and pulled back on his cloak as Jasmine asked, "Why are you wearing that?" "The cloak keeps idiotic wizards with a penchant for being bigoted from seeing me," Lykos answered with a low chuckled, "They would freak if they saw a vampire walking around the bank," He gave her a fanged grin, "Now, let's get started. I'd like to be done and back at High Arch by tomorrow evening at the least," Please tell me what you think!