"I just feel like… Like I should've been able to do more!" She hadn't intended to burst quite like this. "Being friends with Harry Potter is, I'm sure, more than you ever would've bargained for." "He should've learned Occlumency! We all should've." Lowering her voice significantly, she added, "Maybe then I could've helped him with the technique." "I remain impressed by your eagerness to learn as much magic and magical theory as possible, but you should consider that you've barely turned sixteen, and this kind of magic… I mean, for Merlin's sake, I have never even learned how to shield my mind to the degree that would've been necessary." Hermione's eyes widened, and she considered this. Rather than this being a comfort, everything just felt one degree more hopeless. "So there's nothing we could've done? What about the fact that it was so horribly obvious that Sirius felt like that house was yet another prison for him?" McGonagall's face hardened. "I can assure you that Sirius Black always tended towards behavior that carried a degree of risk. And the entire Order was sympathetic to—" Hermione cut her off, a rudeness she'd surely regret later. "But Professor, with all due respect, I don't think you knew the 'him' post-Azkaban very well! That's the… that's the only him I knew. I helped saved him from the Dementor's Kiss two years ago, I knew what was in most of the letters he wrote to Harry, I…" her voice crumbled. "I am one of far too few people who knew he was innocent all this time, and I saw firsthand how hard this reality was for him." McGonagall looked down by her feet for a few seconds, then shifted her gaze toward a bookshelf along one of her walls. After considering the books, she turned back to Hermione. "You're absolutely correct that you knew a very different Sirius Black than I knew, and while most of the world believed he'd turned evil, you had the privilege to be well aware of how inaccurate that was." She got up and headed toward the bookshelf. "You have every reason to grieve more than people might expect, and every reason to feel the burden of remembering who he really was because of how few can." She pulled a book off the shelf. "He isn't even going to have a funeral," Hermione said, hastily wiping away a tear. " Everyone deserves one." "That is indeed another injustice in his life, one happening even in his death." And her saying that, so matter of factly, helped Hermione feel a little bit better. It was confirmation that she wasn't completely crazy to think this all was excruciating—that there was some substance behind everything she was feeling. McGonagall handed the book to Hermione while smiling very sympathetically. Grief Is Lonely , the cover read. "This book might help you. It's a very broad book meant for all types of loss people can experience, and ways to… get through it, and possibly make some meaning out of the meaningless." Reverently, Hermione grasped it with both hands. "Thank you," she said, barely louder than a whisper. Hermione read through all of Grief Is Lonely within the following two nights. Only a few weeks of summer holidays later, she headed toward The Burrow. She'd decided to pack the book in her luggage, and she cracked it open again her first night there, this time thinking less about herself and more about how it would apply to other people around her, including a surprisingly affected Tonks. Both times through, it had helped a lot. She'd never experienced a loss as personal as Sirius's before, so of course it was going to affect her. Ron had been constantly stopping her from talking about Sirius with Harry before they'd left school, and she somewhat begrudgingly realized that it had probably been what was best for Harry. She could bring it up with Ron or other people with more distant relationships to Sirius—in fact, much like she had broached the subject with McGonagall. That was all understandable and even had been encouraged by the book. However, she'd have to accept that feeling some degree of lonely and lost within her grief was to remain an impossibly difficult but typical part of the experience. As cliche and unhelpful as it sounded, time was often the only real thing that ever seemed to lessen these emotions. As the summer progressed, Harry's lingering grief was clear at so many moments, although she never saw him cry—not even once. She had noticed how lonely Cho seemed in her grief the entire previous year, and had on some level understood it. Now, although she'd been sympathetic then, she felt utterly heartbroken every time she imagined what Harry was feeling and thinking. Hermione only gave into tears, herself, when she was in bed at night, away from anyone else's eyes. It was… easier that way, to really feel the sadness. It only happened on a handful of evenings. She was hurt, yes, but not devastated, and that was okay. She accepted this as what it was, and refused to feel guilty over anything—over having cried too much, over not preventing his death, over any of it. She accepted it all, and very slowly, over the course of that entire summer, the weight seemed to dissipate. Little things, surprisingly, reminded her of Sirius from time to time. Just seeing Harry's Firebolt. Overhearing Fleur and Bill talking about getting a dog. Every time Azkaban was mentioned in the newspapers. Every seemingly insignificant moment hit her like a jolt, like these things were not insignificant, not at all. She never would've thought the man would impact her so deeply. Somehow, the fact that Sirius Black had , despite everything, seemed to speak to what a brilliant soul the world lost, even if most of the world had no idea. She found herself oddly proud to know she both could and would keep him in her memory, forever.