team for?" Remus asked. "Rames, we have the opportunity of a lifetime here! Imagine it, all four of us ruling the school by 7th year. We've got to start early to make our mark as soon as possible. And you lucky lads have been chosen by me to help on my conquest," James exclaimed. "Whatever you want, mate." Sirius conceded. "No take backs," James stated as Remus and Peter nodded in agreement with Sirius. Lily picked up her glass and wondered about that group. James seemed to be full of himself. But, with one taste of her drink, he was pushed from her mind. The feast ended with the rich desserts being cleared from each golden plate and the Hall was still fresh with new friendships being made. Dumbledore stood up once again. "Before you all depart to your respected Houses, I have a few start-of-term notices to announce," the entire hall was silent. "First years, you shall note that the forest on Hogwarts grounds is forbidden to enter. And if you're an older student of Hogwarts, let this be your reminder. "Secondly, I've been reminded by our caretaker, Mr. Apollyon Pringle, that there will be no wandering the corridors after hours and no magic is to be used between classes in the corridors." "And finally, Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone who's interested in trying out and playing for their house teams should contact Madame Hooch. "Now, all of you, off to bed!" Dumbledore declared with a wide sweep of his hands and a wide grin on his face. The hall erupted with cheers. The Head Girl and Boy of Gryffindor started leading the first years away towards their bed chambers. Lily purposely strayed to the back of the line and scanned the crowd of students for Severus. "Hey Lily, are you coming?" Mary asked. "I'll catch up with you later!" Lily yelled back. Lily finally saw Severus walking with the other Slytherins. They made eye contact and ducked together in the passing crowds. "Hi," Lily started awkwardly. "Hey," Severus said uneasily. "Listen, I'm sorry that I'm not in the same House as you. There's really no control over it." Severus held up his hands abruptly. "It's okay. We can still hang out all the time… Slytherin and Gryffindor have a few classes together so we can still see each other." Lily sighed in relief at the reassurance. "I'm glad. I thought you'd think differently of me." "I'd never think badly about you, Lily." Severus stated sincerely. "Aw, Sev you're the best." Lily concluded. "I gotta go catch up with the others. I'll see you later!" And Lily ran off, leaving Severus with a smile so big that hurt. Lily followed the remaining crowd of Gryffindors down a hallway that led deeper into the castle. She was in the midst of upperclassman so she nimbly skirted back to the first years and landed right next to Mary. "There you are! I was afraid you'd miss the password handouts." The mass of students made it to an open stairwell with giant, looming, stone steps leading to different landings. One of the leading voices instructed the students from ahead. "Keep an eye on the moving staircases. They have that name for a reason. Please know where you're going. Don't get lost." the Head Girl directed. Better said than done, of course. Lily thought. The first years were led to a portrait that touched the ceiling and floor. In the portrait was a woman in a pink, lace dress placed in front of an exotic background. Like the portraits from the waiting room, she came to life. "Password?" she asked. "Nether Wart," The Head boy answered and the portrait swung forward to reveal the Gryffindor common room, a cozy, round tower room warmly lit with crackling firelight from the fireplaces; light bouncing off the overstuffed couches and chairs in the room. "Hello all first years! My name is Claire Switch, your Gryffindor Head Girl for this year." "And I'm Head Boy, Michael Mcconville. If any of you have questions at all this year about schedules or where your classes are, come to us." "Now, we were fortunate to not run into him, but I advise you all to steer clear of Peeves the Poltergeist. But if Peeves does run into you, and you'll know it because he'll be throwing things at you, just ignore him." "Just letting you know about that. Now, girls dormitories are to your right and boys to your left. You'll get your schedules first thing tomorrow morning. We'll wake you up tomorrow in time for breakfast." "Sleep well!" Claire said before leaving, being trailed by Michael. "Hey Marlene, can I bunk next to you?" Lily asked once everyone filed into their bedroom tower. "Sure, of course." Marlene yawned before sprawling on her poster bed. Lily claimed her bed and pulled her curtains shut after poking her head out to bid a quick goodnight to her Gryffindor friends. She dug in her trunk from the side of her bed and pulled out one of her new quills, a parchment, and an ink bottle and started a letter to her parents. Dear Mum and Dad, I'm writing like I promised I would! Hogwarts is absolutely spectacular and I can tell that school's going to be a blast. The train ride was lovely and I'm very safe and comfortable, so there's no need to worry. I got sorted into Gryffindor house and I think I've made new friends already. Severus sends his love. I'll write to you as often as I can. Tell Petunia I miss her. Lots of Love, Lily Lily knew that her parents would like a longer update on the last few hours but it was the best she could manage against her worsening fatigue. She tucked the letter on top of the heap currently in her trunk and got under the covers to finally conclude her first night at Hogwarts.