hear him. "She said she doesn't want to be in a relationship." He finally said. Harry and Neville shared a concerned look. Ron finally glanced at his friends. "Hermione. I talked to her earlier this week. She said she cares about me. But she'd rather finish her education before starting a relationship. I mean, what does that…" He stopped himself and huffed in anger. "What does it even mean?" Harry was quiet. He didn't want to get involved in his friends' relationship – or lack of it. Especially considering he didn't know where he and Ginny stood themselves. He knew he had feelings for Ginny, but he couldn't even think about dating at the moment. And he hadn't even bothered to discuss it with her. Harry suddenly felt very ashamed of himself. The rest of the months passed by rather quickly. There were many Death Eaters to catch and Harry was never idle. He had focused only on his work and was soon a hero in the Auror Department. And so, before he knew it, it was Christmas and he was, of course, joining the Weasleys for the holiday. "Merry Christmas, Mr. Weasley." Harry said as he entered the Burrow. "Harry, welcome. Merry Christmas." Arthur led him to the living room where everyone was waiting for them already. "I'm completely nervous about this, to be honest. Shacklebolt plans on making me Head of the department in less than a year and I'm just not sure I'm ready for that." Percy was saying. He looked up when he heard Harry and his father. "Ah, hello, Harry, Merry Christmas." "Merry Christmas, everyone." Harry replied quietly. He sat down next to Bill, hoping they wouldn't ask him too many questions. "Ron told us you got a huge case last week." Bill commented. "Good job, Harry." He added, an easy smile on his face. There was a knock on the door and he stood up. "I got this, Dad, don't worry." Harry looked around and his eyes met Hermione's. She was sitting next to Luna and Neville, but she seemed rather miserable. When Harry raised his eyebrows at her, she glanced quickly at Ron. Harry looked at his best friend and realised that Ron was doing all he could to ignore Hermione. "Good evening." McGonagall said as she entered the room. Harry was surprised to see the Headmistress there. "Thank you for inviting me, Arthur, Molly." "Glad you could join us, Minerva." Mr. Weasley replied, though Mrs. Weasley simply nodded. Before the situation could get more awkward, Harry made an excuse to go to the kitchen, as he needed to be away from so many people. "Hey." Ginny said as she joined him. Harry turned to her and tried to offer her a smile. He failed, but Ginny was graceful and didn't mention it. "I know you're not feeling well, Harry. We've all been through so much in the last year. Mum couldn't even knit her famous jumpers this year." "That's terrible." Harry muttered. He didn't know what to do or what to say, so he focused on getting a glass of water for himself. He heard Ginny chuckling behind him. "You really don't need to be nervous around me, Harry. I get that you aren't ready to talk about what happened or about the future and I can live with that. I can wait. It's frustrating, mind you, but I don't want to force you. I just need to know…" Ginny sighed and, for the first time in months, Harry saw a vulnerability in Ginny he had forgotten even existed. "I was just wondering. You and I. Us. Are we still…?" She left the question in the air and Harry pondered. He had feelings for Ginny, even if he couldn't express them at the moment. Was it fair to ask her to wait, though? He knew it wasn't. Harry didn't know what to say to her and so they stood there in silence. "I see." Ginny said. Her face and her voice betrayed nothing. "Well, I won't bother you again. Merry Christmas, Harry." She turned to leave the kitchen, but Harry grabbed her hand. "Wait, Ginny." He whispered. He took a deep breath before opening his mouth. "I like you, I really do. I'm just not in a good place right now. And I can't make you wait for me, it's not fair." "How about you let me decide that?" She asked him. Harry nodded. Before they could say anything else, they heard raised voices from the living room and quickly went there to see what was happening. "I already said this a thousand times! I'll reopen the shop when I decided to reopen it!" George cried out, clearly angry. "Don't be ridiculous, Mr. Weasley." McGonagall fired back, sounding completely exasperated. "If you continue to behave like this, you'll never reopen it. Nor do anything else with your life. You need that business of yours and I am quite certain your brother would have agreed with me. He would have hated to see you like this, wasting away day after day, especially knowing how much joy you have to offer to the world." Harry stood next to Ginny in stunned silence. Everybody else seemed just as shocked as he felt, as nobody had expected McGonagall, of all people, to snap at a grieving George. The seconds dragged, making the mood of the room heavier. Finally, George stood up and walked over to his former Transfiguration professor. "Fred would've understood my pain. And he'd have given me as much time as I needed to make it go away." He said, his voice low. McGonagall put a hand on his shoulder. "The pain will never go away. You simply must learn to live with it. It's all you can do for him." She replied, not unkindly. George looked to his feet for a very long time. When he looked back to McGonagall, he was openly crying. However, he nodded. "Fine. I'll do it. For Fred."