too bright, is he? Nina raised those children. Well, there's your matron up at the school." Elphinstone placed a finger underneath her chin and slowly turned her head to face him. He spoke slowly and confidently. "You have nothing to worry about, love, because I'm going nowhere." And then he kissed her. "Minerva?" a deep voice said at the top of the stairs. "You're early." "Daddy." Minerva practically jumped to her feet as she straightened out her dress. She got to her feet and patted her hair. The reverend stood there with a cardboard box full of contents. He wore a plain dress shirt over ironed slacks. He looked Elphinstone up and down. The Reverend McGonagall resembled his daughter, especially in the face, although his dark hair was sprinkled with grey. Elphinstone, who had never bothered with meeting the parents before, got to his feet. He introduced himself as Minerva's friend. "Come inside." The reverend led them inside the church. They stood in the aisle and he drafted his piece, a sermon, Elphinstone thought, at the pulpit. Every once in a while, he'd scratch his chin or say the words out loud, lost in his work. Monday was a dead day at the church. Minerva, nervous, patted Elphinstone's arm. Whenever the reverend looked up, she dashed off. Elphinstone didn't have anything to say, so he stood there with a smile on his face. "What do you do?" The reverend flipped through a Bible. "I'm a lawyer," said Elphinstone, shifting his weight, and added, as always for clarification, "an estates lawyer." "They have regular specialities in the wizarding world. Imagine that." The reverend returned to his work. "Your name sounds familiar." Elphinstone nodded, struggling to think of where the Reverend McGonagall might've heard of him. This definitely would not warm the stern man up to him, but he went with the truth. "I was her boss for three years at the Ministry." Minerva returned and walked up the steps to the pulpit. He kissed her father on the cheek. "Daddy. What're you talking about?" "Mr. Urquart says he's your friend, an estates lawyer," he said, filling her in. He raised his eyebrows and set his work aside. "It's nice that he cares for you." "Yes," said Elphinstone, catching the edge in the man's voice. "Though why he would be kissing my daughter at church, I have not a clue." He glanced at Minerva, who paled. If anyone else would've challenged her, Minerva would've shut it down. "You look ill, Minerva." "I'm fine," she said, wiping her face with a handkerchief. She glanced at Elphinstone and shifted the handbag on her shoulder. "It's a bug." "One of those twenty-four spells?" The reverend took her by the hand, spotting the sapphires like a target. "You're getting married?" Elphinstone nodded. "To him? Who are you?" The reverend demanded, leading his daughter down the steps and glaring at Elphinstone. His momentary pride evaporated in an instant. He raised his voice when Minerva started speaking, drowning her out. "She is my only daughter. She is my joy in life. Why would you want to marry her?" "Daddy, this is my decision, and I am not a child." Minerva took her arm back, her confidence leaked though her tone. "Quiet! I don't want to hear another word from you," he said, turning back to Elphinstone. "You don't even know her!" "I know her." Elphinstone remained calm, looking into his eyes. He didn't fear many people. "I know she sleeps on her left side, I know she leaves the cap off the toothpaste, and I know she washes her hair with rosemary and mint shampoo." Minerva raised her eyebrows in surprise, but she turned back to her father. Smiling to himself, Elphinstone surged with pride that he'd gotten that last one right. "She's confident, and she's so intelligent it's almost scary. I can go on all day, sir." Elphinstone argued with people for a living, and he was quite good at his job whenever he got in his element. "I love her. I'm going to marry her because she's ...she's everything. There aren't many out there like her." The reverend straightened, mildly interested. Elphinstone had tried not to fall for this woman. "Trust me, sir, I've looked. Your daughter is special." "I like him. You should bring him around more often," said the reverend, speaking to his daughter. "Let's do tea at three, and we'll have dinner, too. I can make Shepard's pie. Keep this one." "All right, three o'clock," she said, taking Elphinstone out of the church. She tucked her arm in his, returning to her brisk manner. She ran her finger engagement ring, hesitating a little. "There's no baby." Elphinstone sighed, taken aback by his disappointment. "You're sure?" Minerva slipped a small book, a calendar, book into her handbag. Elphinstone knew what it was because his mother used to carry one of those. Relieved, she added, "Positive. I'm feeling a little under the weather. That's all." "But you're sure?" She offered him the ring back. "Not altogether, no. Wait and see." "I wasn't marrying you for a child," he said, slipping it back on her hand and kissing it. "I know you're not ready, but that will change one day, so you keep it. It's yours. I'm yours." "But..." Her voice trailed off. "Are you suddenly not going to be engaged over dinner?" Elphinstone squeezed her hand. "I don't know about you, but I'd rather not anger the reverend right after. I stole his daughter." "What do you want?" "I want you." He wanted to sit at table and enjoy Shepard's pie. He placed a hand on her waist as they walked off, for he'd never seen Caithness properly. Today she'd show him around like a local. "I left the Three Broomsticks for Shepard's pie?" "A dry Shepard's pie, most likely." Minerva pecked him on the cheek as she steered him towards the town square. "You know my shampoo? Impressive." Elphinstone grinned. He loved her shampoo.