and nodded agreement with whatever Tracey said, which she kept up for most of the rest of the conversation. "Fine," he said, emptying the bottle into his goblet. "So, again, what do you want from me?" "Honestly, I don't know. I saw you this morning and just had the idea to ask for help. I know that we, Daphne and I and a few other young witches from similar families, are very unhappy with what we've had to do, and I know that we want to keep our families safe, and I know that we don't know what to do." Time to turn it up a bit. "I'm not sure that all of us 'purchased' brides are safe. I should be fine, but Daphne's husband is abusive. I've heard stories about some of the others, as well. Please , Harry, can't you find it in your heart to do something?" Harry thought for a minute, sipping the last of the wine. "You want to get away from your husbands but you don't want them to know you've left and take the money back from your families. The only thing I can think of – and this is just talking, I'm not saying I'll do anything and it's just because you've gotten me pretty drunk – the only thing I can think of is to fake your deaths. Or fake kidnapping yourselves, leave a ransom note and disappear. I don't know if that's a good idea or not. Maybe if I think about after I've sobered up I'll see a problem with it or think of some other ideas." "Harry, that's brilliant! Do you think you could? Could you help Daphne and me?" "Hey, hang on! I said I was just talking. I wouldn't even know how to fake a death." "But you killed You Know Who when no one else could! You can do anything!" "Yah, I killed him. I spent a year learning everything I could and then tracking him down, then I fought his people and then I fought him. I almost died fighting him. "And when I got out of the St Mungo's, do you know what I got for everything I'd done?" "A medal. They announced a ceremony to give you the Order of Merlin, but you didn't show up. Someone said later that you turned it down." "Yah, they offered their heart-felt thanks and a medal that came with strings attached – if I wanted to get it, I had to support the Minister and the aurors and go to all sorts of events so they could show me supporting him. Of course I turned it down. "No, the only thing I ever got was a hospital bill. The aurors got paid for working – not that they did much in the war – and if any of them got hurt the ministry paid for it, and they weren't even there when I killed Voldemort. I did the work and didn't get paid and got a hospital bill that emptied my vault and still left me in debt. I've had to take some of the endorsement deals for a broom and whatever, even though they ripped me off, just to have money to live on." "That's terrible! I had no idea. But… but what about girls? You're a young man, and just this morning I saw how pretty young witches were trying to get your attention. Surely that should keep you happy, at least for the time being." Harry shot her a dirty look. "You've never thought that through. Have I ever seemed like an attention hound? Ignore what the Prophet was saying when Fudge was smearing me, and ignore that scumbag Snape. No, never. I want my privacy and a quiet life. "Now think about the kind of girl who wants to have a quick fling with someone famous. Ignore the young teenagers, just look at a grown-up fangirl. She wants the attention. She wants everyone to know she scored with The Famous Harry Potter. She wants the glamor, fancy restaurants and expensive gifts and parties. I don't want any of that, and even if I did, I don't have the money for it." "You're right. I'd never thought about it." "I'll admit, I didn't either, not at first. I went with a couple of the fangirls and spent more than I could afford and had a fun night or a fun week, until someone waved a copy of Witch Weekly in my face, where the girls had sold their story. Including about what a tight-wad I am. "It didn't take me long to realize that I couldn't trust any of them. Couldn't trust anyone wanting to be my friend, couldn't trust anyone with the ministry. Couldn't even trust anyone wanting to do business with me, because they wanted me to trust a handshake deal and wouldn't sign a contract, and then didn't keep up their end afterward. "I worked my heart out for everyone else and almost died and now I have nothing. I'm worse off than I was before. "So you'll excuse me if I ask what's in it for me before I lift a finger for anyone ever again." "I understand. You need to get away as much as we do. I think we can come to a mutually beneficial arrangement." Tracey nodded slowly before stepping around the table. She made sure Harry was looking at her before she slipped her robes off her shoulders, letting them pool on the floor. Daphne's followed, seconds later. She'd expected Harry to help them just because they needed help, but this was better. As she said, a mutually beneficial arrangement. I can't be the only one who gets tired of the fanon (and to some extent canon) trope of Harry nobly giving his all for the benefit of others, whether or not they'd injured him in the past, and getting virtually nothing for it, and then saying "Thank you, Sir, may I have another?"