him off. Although there were places that had fallen to pieces in Diagon Alley, this place had thrived during the war. "I can do this by myself," said Kingsley. "You can't. You're Minister for Magic! You're an … you're my boss." Kaspar stopped himself from insulting his best mate; Gawain had a point about Kingsley being the man in charge. Grumbling that he hated the man, no matter who he was, Kaspar followed him. "You know where this black market is? It isn't like people don't know who you are." "I sell stuff here," he said, amending this statement when Kaspar called his bluff in colorful language, "or I pass things off to Dung, and he gets the profits back to me after taking his cut off the top." Kaspar understood that their job was not to shut down the black market. The Department of Magical Law Enforcement did stuff like that. When there was widespread terror over the last couple of years, the black market had spilled over into Diagon Alley. The black market, Kingsley said as he stopped by a table to examine amulets, held its rightful place in society. It survived whether society fell or thrived. He bought a wooden spatula and a kaleidoscope from a stocky woman who wore a plain dress. Talk came cheap with her, and she gave him the kaleidoscope free of charge. Giggling, she told Kingsley to give it to his daughter as a small gift. Thanking her before he continued on his way, Kingsley tossed the second black market find in the air and held it to the light. "That's a good one." "Bet these things are cursed." Kaspar purchased nothing. Kingsley had more money than he knew what to do with, although he acted like an everyday man, and there was no reason why he needed to cut corners. "Kaspar, when you go to the bakery, you buy bread, and pastries, and whatever. It's what's there." Kingsley showed him the spatula and slapped it against a nearby surface, startling a vendor. That? That's handmade. You come here? You never know what you're going to find here." "You cook for a bachelor," Kaspar pointed out, not seeing the point. "Ah, the funny part of that sentence, my friend, is so do you." Kingsley clapped a hand on his shoulder and steered him towards another vendor. As they shopped around, Kaspar noticed that Kingsley asked questions, carefully phrased questions, and played a sort of lottery. Sometimes, if he struck the right chord, he got answers. They were snippets. "If I were a rat, where would I hide?" Kingsley asked himself after an hour. He threw money at the problem around here, too, though he guarded himself and never said more than a hello. He wasn't growing impatient. In fact, he seemed to rather be enjoying himself. Folks didn't know the Minister for Magic was the Minister for Magic yet, so he breathed freely. Kaspar, who was his equal, did not like the chase as much as the capture, yet he knew these things took time. Under Cornelius Fudge's Ministry, he'd sat behind a desk. "Jump in anytime," said Kingsley. "Well, he can't afford Polyjuice Potion. I mean, even if he could brew it for himself, the ingredients are hard to come by. And who would brew it for him? He's a Death Eater, but he doesn't matter much." Kaspar jumped into profiling mode. He was a man who sat behind a desk, but knew a lot. "Where would he hide?" "In plain sight. Who wouldn't matter after a battle?" Kingsley bounced ideas off of him; they bounced ideas off each other. Perhaps it was easier to think when he said the words aloud. He scratched his chin. "Mundungus knows." "Go fetch him," said Kaspar, wondering why they didn't drag him along in the first place. Kingsley shook his head, muttering to himself. "He's not wiling to come out of his hidey hole?" "He won't come. Mundungus doesn't operate like that," said Kingsley. No criminal stuck his or her neck out too far if they understood the rules of the game. "But why would he know?" "Maybe he's working with Jugson," said Kaspar. He pointed out what he thought was the obvious answer. Kingsley said no. When they started coming back the way they came, Kingsley refused to hear any of this nonsense, and Kaspar found this an annoying move. "No, listen." "You don't know him," said Kingsley. He didn't bother explaining the faith he placed in Mundungus, which infuriated Kaspar to no end. Kingsley didn't trust people blindly, and he didn't wear his heart on his sleeve. As they swept past the vendors, Kingsley pulled out his wand and picked up the pace. Kaspar, completely confused, followed his lead. When they got back to the nice lady with the trinkets, he took his shot. "Stupefy!" Kingsley acted on instinct before the woman had a chance. Shocked, she toppled over her stand and the shoppers, most of them standing around because the good stuff was gone, screamed. Ignoring Kaspar's protests, he walked over and kicked the body. "What the hell?" Kaspar, recognizing the sharp features and the woman's build, stared back at Jugson. He pointed his wand at the man's chest and said, "Rennervate!" Jugson's eyes fluttered open and he caught his breath. He stared back at them, shocked and pale. "One question." Kingsley stepped on Jugson's hand. If the man wished to reach for his wand, he had no way out. Although Kingsley spoke with his usual calm, there was malice behind his words. He applied pressure to Jugson's hand, and the Death Eater cried out in pain, his face beaded with sweat. "How did you know I had a little girl? If you or any of your little friends comes after my friends, I will find you, and it will not be a good day for you, sir. And that's not a threat, Jugson, that's a promise. Choose your words carefully."