grown on him. What if he couldn't walk again? He had a retirement plan in place and the Auror Department would help him, but what would he do? He was a Auror. There was no backup plan. The Healers had stopped the infection from spreading up his leg. A boy, a fat boy, had cost him everything. Nothing would come of fat Barnabus Cuffe. The matrons came in and suggested range of motion exercises and told him there were options to get him walking again. Unless they could regrow his leg again and erase the stupidity of this day, he didn't want to hear it. Why hadn't he asked the Auror for his badge number? "Your wife is here, Mr. Moody." The Healer ducked out as Alastor threw an empty bed pan at her. "Alastor, don't bite the hand that feeds you," said Lenore. She wore a plain yellow dress and offered him his potion to ward off possible infection. "Go to hell." "I'm already there," she said sadly, pulling up a chair. They were on a ward this time, and the nearby patients seemed interested in Alastor's story. He spoke to none of them. "Alastor." "Please leave." He only asked nicely once. Lenore, stupidly, ignored him. She talked to him. When she got up to straighten something, he grabbed her by the wrist. "You are nothing! I chose you. That fiancé? You want to talk about getting back up? Nobody needs you. That's twice now you've failed me." "I failed you?" Lenore stared him down and yanked her arm away. "Look around, you ass. Where are your people? The Ministry will survive without you. I have never walked away from you. Not once. If you decide to lie here and give up, that's fine. I am your people. I …I care for you. I stay for you." She gathered her things and took a deep breath before she started towards the door. "If you give up, if you quit, you fail me. That's fine." "Miss James." Alastor counted the ceiling tiles and gathered his thoughts. What did he care if everyone heard this? He raised his voice, already annoyed with her. "Miss James! Lenore Colleen." She marched back towards him. "What? I hate you." "Really?" He raised his eyebrow, studying her face as she yanked the curtains closed around his bed. When he beckoned her forward. "Say that again." "I hate you." Alastor reached up and stroked her cheek. He used his upper body strength to pull him up. When she spat it in his face as she said it the line with more conviction this time, he kissed her. "This is inappropriate." "You're inappropriate. I outrank you. Tell me, Miss James, who're they going to believe?" He laughed at the panic written all over her face. He conjured a mirror and shared this moment with her. "Miss James." She set the mirror aside and grinned at him. When she asked him to budge up, Alastor shook a finger at her and made a tutting noise. Lenore got the joke. "So, I've been thinking." "That's dangerous. Been hearing stuff in the walls again, have you?" "You … you are not funny." Alastor stopped, wondering when she had gotten this brave with him. Lenore sat down in her chair after she pulled the curtains back. She asked him to marry her. "Seriously. Not funny. You want to spend the rest of your life with a cripple? Do you get points for that?" "I'm more worried about the paranoia, honestly," she said, tapping her foot on the floor. "Oh, my God. You're serious." He studied her blank expression. "You're insane." "Says the man who only drinks from a hip flask," she said fairly, shrugging. "You're one of those crazy people who knows he's crazy, Alastor. You are in control your fate." "I'm not crazy." "Alastor. You see what you see, and you hear what you hear." "I'm not crazy." "All right." She dropped the subject for the moment. "I'm not easy, and I'm not going to change. I love you, Lenore, but I will not marry you." "Alastor." "No. Nothing has to change." Alastor could see it. Without meaning to, he'd drag her into his hell, and he'd slowly rip her apart piece by piece. They were both Aurors, but she was not a marked target. She understood his paranoia, and he saw it coming but Lenore viewed the world differently. "Why not?" She failed to disguise the hurt in her tone. Lenore didn't need a husband, and she understood now. Or he hoped she did. "You love me?" "More than I can say, Miss James," he said, counting the ceiling tiles again. He asked her to tell the Healers to search for a proper prosthetic. When she started towards the ward door, he called after her again. "Lenore." "Yes?" "You are mine. My Lenore. Whatever I say to you, however I might threaten you, I want you to hear this." "Yes? Use your words." She faced him. "Impatient, insufferable bitch." He was still determinedly not looking at her and stopping on tile number seventy-one. He took a deep breath. "You are the best thing that's ever happened to me." Thanking him, especially for the endearing heart-warming first part, she went to grab a wheelchair and track down the Healers together. After they drafted a rehabilitation plan, she took him outside and parked beside the derelict department store. Lenore conjured one of her favorite violins. After kicking it open, she gave him a mock bow and rested the violin in its proper position and got lost in the music. Alastor smiled when she switched to a fast-paced medley and started dancing around. When a small child stopped by, tugging his mother's robes, she knelt on the ground, still playing, and the mother laughed. She tossed a few Sickles and Knuts in with the Muggle money. Lenore spun round thrice and struck up old "Clair de Lune" as Alastor tapped his foot.