arms as he paced the waiting room. After seven o'clock in the evening, the Welcome Witch shut down the desk and everything got directly routed to emergency room. "Daddy, I wanna go home," said Maisie, a little later on, enjoying her half-eaten peppermint stick. "I know." Hippocrates had had the sense to change into Muggle clothing after shift. He wore his favorite Manchester United football jumper over some old jeans. It was the only clean outfit in his locker. He checked his watch and draped the green gift bag over his arm., speaking to himself. "Don't stand me up, Remus." "Mr. Jaime?" Half-listening, Maisie laid her head his shoulder and wrapped her hands around his neck. "No, not Jaime. Well, yeah, we're waiting for Jaime. Daddy's waiting for someone else." Searching the gathering crowd, Hippocrates regretted not leaving her at home with Abbey and Cecilia. She was a little girl, yet she asked good questions even when she was dead tired. He jumped out of his skin when someone tapped him on other shoulder minutes later. "You weren't sleeping?" Abbey ducked a little, dodging a potentially bad accident. Hippocrates swung his arm back. She stood on her tiptoes or at least tried to, catching herself when she nearly toppled over trying to kiss Maisie. She shook with laughter and took off her broken shoe. The heel had snapped. "That would've been a story to tell after a drunken night out." "Look, Maisie, Mum shrunk about four inches." Hippocrates didn't budge when Abbey slapped him with the broken shoe. "That's not magic, Short Stuff, that's an unfortunate accident ... because you're short, in case you were wondering." He actually tacked that part on at the end to anger her. "Oh, ha, ha," said Abbey, dryly, rolling her eyes. Abbey seemed distracted. She led him back up to the ward as she fed him one of his favorites. "And I don't have far to fall..." "... because you're short. Yes, I'm glad you've finally decided to see the light." Hippocrates stopped dead. He'd been about to ask if she'd heard from Remus Lupin and why she had bothered coming back to the hospital at this late hour. Both questions died on his lips as he stared at Fenrir Greyback. He'd never met the man before, though he knew him by reputation. Frightened, scared out of his mind, Hippocrates held Maisie closer. "What is he doing here?" "Don't panic, Hippocrates." Abbey placed a hand on Greyback's shoulder as she approached him. Greyback nodded, letting her lift his robes and reveal the exposed bone in his leg. "Remember we help anyone. We are neutral. Switzerland." Switzerland would eradicate a monster, he thought dully. They didn't take sides. Hippocrates himself had warned her of this when she'd joined the hospital staff years ago, and he felt rather insulted having his advice thrown back in his face. He wasn't going to allow this man onto his ward. He patted Maisie's head, not wanting her to make eye contact with the werewolf. "Do it." Hippocrates stood up straighter. "He doesn't like me, this one," sneered Greyback, addressing Abbey, who knelt down awkwardly to access the damage. Abbey said nothing. She mended the leg in no time after setting it. Greyback offered her a dirty hand when she'd finished her task. Abbey took it, hesitating. "It's been a while since we've last met." "I remember," she said tonelessly. She groaned when he pulled her close and held a blade to her throat. "What're you doing?" "You're a problem, Abigail," he said, his tone gravelly and controlled. He smiled at Hippocrates, his sharp teeth showing. He shook his head at Hippocrates. "Do not raise your wand, sir. Your wife keeps getting in my way, so we're having a chat. I warned her once." "A chat? You are harming her!" Hippocrates gripped his wand in his hand. He chose to rely on an old rule; violence wasn't allowed in this place. No security wizards guarded this place. He backed away, showing his open hand before he placed it on Maisie's back again. He dropped his wand onto the floor. "Sanctuary. This place is a sanctuary." "Sanctuary, sanctuary." Abbey reached up and touched Greyback. "Please." "Mummy. I want Mummy." Maisie turned her head, reaching out to Abbey. "I wanna go home." "Hey, Healer Smethwyck, the night wasn't that bad," said Jaime, running up to give his report. He took in the scene. "What the hell is going on here?" "Jaime, I want you to take my daughter," said Hippocrates, forcing himself to stay calm and collected. He argued with Maisie, who panicked, not understanding what was going on. "Maisie, I will be right with you. Maisie, please. Jaime, I need you to walk ... do not run ... to the matron station. Tell them we are on High Alert, and this is not a drill. Contact the authorities at the Ministry. You got that?" "Yes." Jaime didn't hesitate. Hippocrates nodded, silently praying for the first time in years and kissing Maisie on the cheek. He didn't know if there was a higher power. "Jaime, take this child from me. Now!" "Yes, sir." Jaime scooped up Maisie and darted down the corridor. "She treated you. You ... you may leave." Hippocrates kept his eyes on the werewolf. He shook with fear, desperate. "Good God, it's Christmastime!" Greyback lowered his blade. He held her close, resting a hand on her stomach and whispering in her ear. Color returned to Abbey's face and she took a step towards her husband. A smile touched Greyback's lips. "Sanctuary." A moment later, Greyback jerked his blade and slit her throat. It was one swift movement. Abbey, shocked, dropped to her knees and took great gasps through her throat. She reached towards Greyback, pleading for help that wouldn't come. Hippocrates, horrified, witnessed the longest minute of his life. Greyback, humming what sounded disturbingly like "Oh Come All Ye Merry Higgogriffs", stepped over the body and left the premises.