would put in his hand. Harry reached into his pocket, pulled out a fist full of coins he had put there for when he got to the Cauldron, and counted out eleven sickles, dropping them into the conductor's hand and taking the ticket he handed back. Moving onto the bus, Harry saw that instead of seats, there were beds, taking the one closest to the front, Harry almost missed the conductor telling the driver to go, and he certainly was not prepared to be thrown around while the bus moved. "Who is that?" Asked Harry, motioning to the man in the picture on the Daily Prophet that Stan was holding that mentioned the man as an escapee from Azkaban, the wizard prison Harry remembered Hagrid was taken to last year. "Who him?" Asked Stan, pointing at the picture, "That's Sirius Black!" Stan was looking at the picture as he said this, not noticing Harry's startled reaction. 'Well, I guess that explains why HE didn't raise me, I wonder about the other two Marauders.' Thought Harry, schooling his features. "What was he in Azkaban for?" Asked Harry, definitely curious. "You're a Muggleborn ain't you? He murdered a whole bunch of muggles, and Peter Pettigrew, with a big explosion, all they found of Peter was a finger," Stan decided to lift and twitch one of his fingers then, chuckling to himself as he wiggled it, "Peter tried to stop him after he betrayed the Potters to You-Know-Who. Poor guy didn't stand a chance." 'Well, that explains Wormtail, then again, if he was dead, wouldn't there have been, I don't know, more chunks, considering he was blown up? Could, could he have run away as a rat? After all if Padfoot betrayed Mum and Dad, why didn't he attack me just now? Why did he seem happy to see me?' Harry was so focused on his thoughts he only vaguely heard the talking shrunken head mention an old lady, right before his face slammed into the glass. Shortly after stopping for the old lady on the street, the bus took off again, and after a large amount of twists and turns, the bus finally pulled up at the Leaky Cauldron. After Harry got off and grabbed his things from Stan, saying goodbye and thanking him for the information, Harry was escorted by Tom to a room where the Minister of Magic informed him that he wasn't expelled like he thought, that the problem was already taken care of. Harry asked the Minister to sign off on his permission slip to visit Hogsmeade, saying that his muggle Uncle refused because he didn't understand what a Hogsmeade was, and in a way, the Minister WAS a guardian for the people, the Minister was more than happy to ingratiate himself towards Harry by signing off on the permission slip. The Minister, who at this point was insisting Harry call Cornelius, told Harry that when going to Hogsmeade he should be careful, informing him of a detachment of Dementors, the guards of Azkaban, to the area around Hogwarts and Hogsmeade, in case Sirius Black attempted to get close. With his warnings given, Cornelius said goodbye, and left in order to return to his own home. Harry decided to settle in for the night, giving Hedwig water to drink and then turning the lights out, Harry went to sleep. So there you have it, the first chapter of 'Like a Lightning Bolt'. Basically this covers Harry's rationalisation and the changes to his base coursework for the third year onwards. Now, onto addressing the things I had as reference points for further explanation: (1) Madame Pomfrey is an exceptional Medi-Witch who shows a rather great deal of talent when working under pressure, in this story, the reason for her being like this is due to her helping the Order of the Phoenix, of which for my story Flitwick is a part of. This is what has allowed her to see Dumbledore, McGonagall, and Flitwick in combat. (2) & (3) Taken directly from the Prisoner of Azkaban, as Stan doesn't know who Harry is, I see no reason why he would not tell this passenger asking who the escaped 'Death Eater' is and what he was charged with, rather than just, 'He's a murderer.'. Granted, had it been done in canon, the whole 'Ermahgerd Sirius is a good guy' thing wouldn't have really worked. But, for this, Harry has been reading into the Marauder's notes, including diagrams of their forms. Also seriously, nobody in canon questioned ONLY a finger being left, not even a big ass blood stain? Just a finger. There, now that's taken care of, some of you may be wondering what I meant when I said, 'Misguided Dumbledore' in the summary, well, I don't intend on him being the manipulative bastard trying to make Harry a weapon, in this he is just an old man, a good old man, but as I'm sure many of you have noticed, the elderly are stubborn. Also, naturally, as a result, Dumbledore did not place the Fidelius, Lily did, which is also why there was no Fidelius over the Longbottoms, meaning Dumbledore did not know of the change of Secret Keepers, because he wasn't there for it. Now, my current intention is to attempt to release a chapter every 2 weeks, this gives me time to write them in between all of my coursework and etcetera activities, it will also allow me to flesh out my ideas a little better. At most, if I am struggling to wrestle anything from my muse, or I have a lot of work to do, I will throw out an interlude, a look into say, what the twins are doing or something, just a quick little chapter within my main story in order to let you know why I have not brought out a proper chapter as well as providing other characters insights into what's going on at the present time. Until next time, Lucison.