a new experience for both of us, then. Persephone: Yes, Sir. I choose yellow and red as my safewords. Draco smirked at the sight of the basic traffic-light system and set to type. THEPrinceCharming: Fine with me. Now tell me, princess, what are you currently doing? Persephone: I am lying on my bed, studying. THEPrinceCharming: What a good girl. But you should put away your school things now and pay attention to me. Will you tell me what you are wearing? Draco ran a hand through his hair. He felt like an idiot writing those things, but how else was he supposed to get into it? Persephone was probably laughing over how stupid he sounded. Persephone: Nothing now ;) Draco's breath hitched and he felt his cock stiffen in his pants. He certainly hadn't expected that answer. For a girl sexting for the first time in her life, she was good. He could tell so much after just a few sentences. THEPrinceCharming: Good. Very good. Now get to your knees and spread your legs, so you are sitting on your feet, your arms crossed behind your back so you push your breasts forward, displaying everything as if I were there to admire your beautiful body. I would tell you to close your eyes and bind them, but how would you read this if I did? THEPrinceCharming: Imagine me there, in your room with you. Standing in front of you, still fully dressed, admiring you as you kneel at my feet. I slowly unfasten my belt and step around you to bind your hands with it. Persephone: As you wish, Sir. I follow every of your orders. My nipples harden under your gaze and I squirm slightly. Draco reached absentmindedly for his cock and softly began stroking it over his cotton trousers. He would never wear something as plebeian as sweatpants. THEPrinceCharming: I command you to open your mouth and put your tongue out as I tuck my already hard cock from my trousers. Persephone: My eyes widen at the sight of your large cock and I feel myself becoming wetter and wetter in anticipation. Draco glanced down at himself with a smirk. The girl's reaction was spot on, considering two of his exes had done exactly the same the first time he stood in front of them in the nude. THEPrinceCharming: I run with my cock over your tongue and your cheeks, teasing the both of us as you wait patiently for me. Persephone: I am positively dripping by now, not too far from begging you to let me taste your magnificent cock for real. Draco inhaled sharply at that, tucking out his dick from his pants. They hadn't even started properly as far as he was concerned and she was already making him really aroused. THEPrinceCharming: I see how much you want this and step forward, letting your wet, warm mouth wrap around my cock. Persephone: I take in as much of your length as I can, doing my best to not gag as I please you. I let my tongue slide over the underside of the length as it pull back slowly and circle my tongue over the tip, before taking it all in again. I hum in content. Draco groaned, speeding up the movements of the hand around his cock. It seemed Persephone really liked to give blowjobs and Draco found the imagine in his head really sexy. THEPrinceCharming: My hands run through your hair as I start fucking your face, forcing my cock deeper and deeper with every thrust. Persephone: I close my eyes, suppressing the tears that come involuntarily, taking in as much as I can. THEPrinceCharming: When I feel myself getting close, I stop and pull you up to kiss you passionately before ordering you to turn around, your face on the floor and your arse in the air, so I get a good view of you. I run a hand over your back, my fingers touching you only so slightly before I withdraw and slap your arse. First one cheek, then another. Persephone: I moan every time your hand comes down on my bare flesh, counting the slaps. THEPrinceCharming: When we reach 10, I slap your pussy for good measure before I tug my cock out again and slide into you with one easy movement. Persephone: I moan when you finally fill me, desperate for release. THEPrinceCharming: I pound into you, pulling you up by your hair so your body is flush against mine and I can put a hand around your neck, squeezing. Persephone: I see stars as you hit the sweet spot inside of me, pinching my hard nipples and limiting my air. THEPrinceCharming: I bite your shoulder before I command you to come for me and finally touch your clit. Persephone: I cry out as I fall over the edge and my walls clench around your cock. Thank you, Sir. THEPrinceCharming: I continue fucking you through your orgasm and soon follow as well. Draco let his phone fall next to him and closed his eyes, concentrating on the pictures in his head and the feel of his hand on his cock. He came with a grunt, hoping that Blaise didn't hear him, the image of a mysterious woman pleasing him in his mind. As soon as he caught his breath, Draco reached for his phone again. A single message from Persephone was waiting for him. Persephone: That was weirdly hot. Thank you, Sir ;) Draco groaned and looked down at himself and his cum-covered clothes and bed. "That it was." THEPrinceCharming: It was my pleasure ;) Can you really deepthroat? Persephone: Who knows ;) Draco threw his phone on the night stand and got up to quickly change his clothes and sheets so he could fall into bed and sleep. He knew that showering would be just a waste of time as he was sure that the pictures that he had created were going to come back during the night.