conference rooms. Penelope, laden with her folders, followed them. He got through the first press conference sweating bullets and allowed Penelope to take over after a short statement. "I froze," he said, stepping off to the side. "You were fine," said Patti, straightening his tie. When that failed, she took the thing off, cast a Color Changing Charm, switching to blue, and put it back on him and added a pin to his lapel. "Cue cards save lives, eh?" "Yeah," said Kingsley, surrendering the prized index cards written in his wife's hand. "You know what I always say. You're caught in a tight corner? Get Patti Strauss on it." "Or, you know, marry her," she said, smiling slightly, shaking when he pulled her back onto the stage. They held hands and raised their linked hands together. The photograph opportunity too more than a minute, and Penelope slipped into character. Patti rubbed his shoulders. "Downing Street? Round two." Kingsley nodded, glad he wasn't alone. He needed to clear this up because the press secretary's first mistake ruined everything. "Patti? The leak? It's not Miss Clearwater's fault." "I know." Patti continued prepping him for Downing Street. Later that afternoon, after their meeting on Downing Street and the funeral, Kingsley spent about an hour in the rain cruising for street food with Patti. Neither of they had eaten all day, so they were running on fumes and starving. A world traveler, she liked for the local food market. The fresh stuff came out in the morning, and they'd clearly missed this with their slammed schedule. She kept offering him food as they jumped from station to station in London. "Japanese taco," she said, careful with the paper wrappings, pouring soy sauce into a lettuce wrap. The vendor handed her some cheap wasabi. Kingsley said he'd never had fresh tuna or wasabi, and Patti, grinning offered him an experience. She liked frequenting sushi bars in New York, although he didn't prefer raw fish. "Try this." Kingsley shook his head. "One bite." She got one with imitation crabmeat, too, though she kept her hands on this one. As they left the market, Kingsley tried the one with tuna, merely to please her, and devoured the whole thing. She nodded, satisfied she'd won this argument. "I keep telling you there's food out there whilst you're hiding out on your little island." "There are sushi bars here," he said, frowning at her. "That's not authentic Japanese food," she said, shaking her head and wiping her mouth with a napkin. Patti took holidays whenever she got the time. With no family and a demanding career, she basically stuck a red pin into a map at random and took off. They split the one with crabmeat, and Kingsley, ignoring Patti's giggles, went back for another. "It's good, right? Oooh, you want some gelato?" "You're going to mess up your stomach," he warned her. As it was the weekend, they were off, and the real work didn't start until the following Monday. They'd fled into Muggle London, abandoning Penelope, a woman who tailed them like a faithful dog. Patti was a foodie, and he knew this, so there was no telling her no to eat something. They were running low on pocket money. "This isn't much of a honeymoon." "Are you kidding me? Food. Two of those, please," asked Patti, handing over the rest of her change to a vendor. The vendor chuckled when she tossed a few food wrappers out of her handbag. Patti clapped her hands like a little girl when the vendor added a drizzle of Nutella to hers. "Is that the real stuff?" Kingsley, allergic to hazelnuts and almonds, declined. He'd never had any. "There are different types?" "Ah, poor London boy," sighed Patti, taking a plastic spoon from the vendor and taking a taste. "That's it. That's like a drug. Thanks. Yes, Kingsley, there are different versions of absolutely everything. Tomatoes and rice. Spaghetti. Cheese grits. Salads." "Cheese grits? When did you turn American?" He looped his arm through hers, enjoying his ice cream. When she looked away, he led her towards the Leaky Cauldron. When she turned back to face him, talking about some senator or official, Kingsley dabbed her nose in the ice cream before tossing it in a nearby bin. Her expression was priceless, for it took a minute to get it. They went right past the pub. "Yeah, I want the other Patti back, please and thank you." "Oh, my God." Patti dropped her cone in the street. It worked out better than he'd expected, really, for she smeared the stuff all over her face. Kingsley, laughing, took out a handkerchief and wiped the mess away. When he led her into Diagon Alley, Kingsley stopped outside the Magical Menagerie. "What're you doing?" "A long time ago, you asked me for something." He handed over the umbrella and stepped into the shop. Kingsley worked quickly, for the proprietor, recognizing him as the new Minister, ate up time. He tried to for politeness because he'd left his wife outside in the downpour. When he came back, he showed her the black half -kneazle in the pet carrier and the litter box. "This is Grits." He wanted no other grits in his home. "This is my wedding present?" asked Patti. Patti laughed so hard she wiped away actual tears from her eyes. She didn't take it out of the pet carrier. It had cost him ten Galleons, so Kingsley walked home broke, too. When they got home, Patti promised to have a private one-on-one with Senator Jackson, who they both guessed leaked the first secret to the papers. About an hour later, Patti went off to grab groceries with the house-elf. The place, thanks to the house-elf, looked and smelled better. Tired, Kingsley dumped the half-kneazle in the sitting room; it immediately darted for the space under the coffee table, and then Kingsley passed out on the couch. This is was the first day.