me that all the time, and Gideon has this hourglass. You know, those plastic trinkets in Muggle board games? It works." "You talk a lot." Merton laughed when Myron shut up and stared at his watch for ten minutes. They wrote a song together, nonsense, really, about an hourglass. Merton liked the sound of Myron's laugh. In the early hours of the ninth of March, Donaghan's son, Jericho Tremlett, came into the world. He clung to it hours later. Devastated, Donaghan asked this to stay out of the papers and the press. Merton, who had arrived with a small baby gift, sat in the waiting room huddled with the other band members. They looked odd dressed in their stage clothes, but Myron had shut down the show when he'd received an owl at intermission. Donaghan was his brother; he went where he was needed. "Damn it." Myron looked up when Donhaghan, dressed in protective clothing, tapped on the waiting room doors. Gideon got up. "No. I've got it." "Lad," Gideon, tired, wanted to argue. "He's got it, Papa Bear," muttered Orsino, picking up a deck of Muggle playing cards as the Saint Catherine's Hospital requested a Doctor Rochester over the intercom. Myron nodded. He cracked his neck and readied himself. Merton, sitting closest to the doors, got a perfect view. He couldn't look away, though part of him wanted to. The moment Myron passed through the doors, Donaghan collapsed into his arms Merton registered something in Myron's face he never seen before. Was it panic or loss? Gideon Crumb, shoving skinny Kirley out of the way, bouldered through the doors. When the doors opened, Donaghan, grasping for air, reminded Merton of a wounded animal left on the side of the road. "Donaghan," grumbled Gideon, burying Donaghan's face in his chest. The doors closed and Gideon steered them away down the corridor. Kirley cried silently by Gideon's empty chair. Herman struck up a prayer asking God to take Jericho. Merton did not know how many of them followed faith, though it was obvious Herman did. Orsino furious, smashed his house of cards, and cards flew everywhere. He left. Others in the waiting room, Muggles, stared after him, shocked at his behavior. Heathcote, the rhythm guitarist, followed him. Sarah. Someone needed to ask after Sarah. Merton felt for Donaghan as much as anyone, although he didn't know what it was to lose a child, but Sarah was his friend. He looked around at his friends, all trapped in their grief and shock, and got to his feet. Determined, he went towards the waiting room doors. He jumped back, scared when Gideon blocked his way. He'd come back. "What're you doing, lad?" Gideon placed a hand on Merton's shoulder and towered over him. "Sarah." Merton allowed himself to steered back to his chair by the bagpiper. "Sarah's fine. Exhausted, obviously. Who wouldn't be after going through an ordeal like that? Laboring for two days?" Gideon shook his head sadly and clapped his hands together; he was the bearer of bad news. He leaned on the arm of Merton's chair. "Lads, Jericho's … he didn't make it. Got strangled by the cord, they say. He's a tiny thing." "You saw him?" Kirley wiped his eyes hastily with the sleeve of his robes. "Yeah. Looks like his dad. I held him for a moment." Gideon gave a watery laugh and sobered up, cutting this short. Papa Bear shed no tears in public. "Myron and his parents are with him. Saying goodbye." Kirley and Herman spoke up together. "We want to see him!" "Myron's godfather," said Merton. He shrugged when Kirley asked how he knew this. Myron had told Merton a couple nights ago as they laid in bed reading Shakespeare. As they hadn't yet gone and made their relationship public, he chose not to divulge how he knew this. "He's not ours." "You're right." Herman said he needed a smoke. The other band members traipsed outside with him. It was raining. Herman passed his smokes around, his hand shaking slightly. "Donaghan." "He's a good man," said Gideon. "Who could've predicted that? Donaghan's a man. I'll be God damned." Six months later, on a cold autumn afternoon, Donaghan sat in the graveyard with his band. He'd married Sarah Miller an hour earlier. It was raining, though not all of them held umbrellas. Donaghan knelt on the damp earth and gestured to a stone bench for Sarah. "Your mother's beautiful. And she was stupid enough to say yes to this idiot." Donaghan didn't look up to see who sniggered, though he flipped Myron off first. "Myron's an idiot. He murdered the first verse of 'Catriona'. On my wedding day." "Guilty." Myron chuckled when Sarah gave him a thumbs-up. "Merton saved me in second part." "On my wedding day! Ain't got no sense." Driving the point home, Donaghan went to sit by his wife. "It got split into a beautiful duet, though. Never heard it sung between two blokes before. Once you had enough drink in your system, if you closed your eyes and imagined Seth as a girl, it was all right." They burst out laughing. Merton and Myron shared a brief look and looked hurriedly away from each other. "Catriona" was a song written for Kirley's mother, who bore the name of the song. Merton, not knowing what to do, conjured his cello and sat down on the opposite stone bench. "We do actually have something for you, the three of you," said Merton. Myron rested his hand on Merton's shoulder and held the large yellow umbrella in his other hand. It was in the bidding for the new album, though they'd kept it from Donaghan and Sarah. Gideon, donned in full Highland dress, conjured his bagpipes after kissing Sarah's hand. He joined Myron and Merton and tore through intro. Taking a deep breath, smiling when Myron gave his shoulder a reassuring squeeze, he got lost in the Weird Sisters' first released duet, "Mile to Jericho".