off with him over to the side for a private word. Gideon, interested, pretended he had forgotten something at the table. The professor took a slender jewelry box from his robes and shook the silver pendant before he hooked the clasp on Emmeline's neck. She smiled, listening to him talk. Whether he was giving her instructions or not, Gideon didn't know, yet there was no mistaking the heartfelt laugh. They spoke in French, so Gideon doubted anyone else caught their words. "Nicolas likes to have the last word." Professor Dumbledore handed her a thick envelope and the empty jewelry box. He went back to English, for he noticed a few strangling Order members watching them. Emmeline opened the letter with trembling hands. She wore a simple black and white dress and unconsciously fingered the golden pendant. Her long black skirt brushed the ground. She read the letter aloud, suddenly nervous. "' To Jacqueline's quiet granddaughter, I don't remember your name, though I'm sure you have one. Your grandmother is fond of those .'" Emmeline, shocked and affronted, stopped reading the letter. "This is Nicolas on a good day. It gets better," said Dumbledore, stepping behind her and reading over her shoulder. He cleared his throat, laughed at something in the letter, and continued, "' I'm curious to see whether you possess Jacqueline's rare talents. Some fool insisted I take her under my care some years ago, and it appears I owe him an apology. Jacqueline claims you're a gift. She was mine. I shall carry you home. Come find me, petite fille. ''' Professor Dumbledore folded the letter along its creases and placed it back inside its envelope. He tapped the envelope, slightly surprised, pointing out Emmeline's name on the outside. It was written in another hand. "That's Perenelle. He really doesn't know your name. That's not a problem?" Emmeline shook her head, laughing nervously when his face broke into a smile. She pecked him on the cheek when he embraced her. "Thank you." "Thank Nicolas. You were a good student. You made me think." Dumbledore handed her the letter, the disguised invitation. He rubbed his hands together, saying he'd forgotten his gloves, and it was quite a chilly evening. He placed his cold hands on Emmeline's bare shoulders, and she slipped the invitation into her bag. "There were times when I swore Jacqueline put you up to it." Emmeline apologized automatically and gave him his silver lighter. Professor Dumbledore dismissed her words with a wave of his hand and thanked her for returning what he called his Deluminator. They said goodbye after Professor Dumbledore handed her another roll of parchment. Emmeline walked over to Gideon and offered him an apology for last night. He took it and touched her pendant, an infinity symbol. "You're an alchemist. You're in the inner circle." He'd questioned Jacqueline about her identical golden pendant years ago. "How does it feel?" "I … I can barely breathe. I'm no Jacqueline." She took his hand. Fabian cleared his throat. "Except you are." Fabian, who had helped himself to the roll of parchment read through the thing carefully. It wasn't the original document, so he made no fuss when it trailed on the ground. They started down the street towards the Apparition point, Fabian in the lead, and they nearly walked into him when he walked into a lamppost. Professor Dumbledore walked closely behind them. Fabian straightened, temporarily struck dumb. Gideon followed his long finger on the document. Fabian held a family tree. "Oh, you're his descendant." Gideon spoke conversationally, despite the lump forming in his throat. He felt a little lightheaded. That's why Nicolas Flamel had asked them for a male heir. "That's ridiculous," said Emmeline, not even looking at the document. She crossed her arms and tapped her foot, waiting for Professor Dumbledore to put weight behind her statement. Emmeline, like her husband, paid attention in History of Magic and she lived by the facts locked inside reference books. She rested her hand on her stomach, lost in her thoughts for a moment. "Nicolas didn't have any children. I mean, he may have had bastards, but they don't count. Perenelle gave him no children." "Ah, but you are forgetting his wife. Where did she get her fortune? She married. Perenelle had seven children," said Professor Dumbledore. He walked ahead of them, returning Emmeline's smile as she slowly pieced this together. Gideon got it. Nicolas Flamel was a devout Roman Catholic, a man married to his principles and his faith. Undoubtedly, probably with the help of her money, he allowed Perenelle to work beside him because he'd marked her as an equal. Women had their place in the home, and he would not have simply allowed some foolish sixteen year old girl, a nobody, to learn his craft. Jacqueline had to prove herself as a learned master in the craft; Albus Dumbledore had sought her out to prove old-fashioned Nicolas wrong. "Nicolas moves with the world, yet he is only a man. It takes him time, too." Professor Dumbledore studied Emmeline for some time, pausing when she wiped something out of her eye. "You remind me of Jacqueline. It's remarkable." Emmeline didn't know what to say to this. In fact, Gideon noticed as an awkward silence passed, she'd seemed to loose her ability to speak altogether. She was a fierce negotiator, so this was no easy feat. There were days Gideon prayed his wife would simply shut up. She has two ears and one mouth for a reason, as his Aunt Muriel would have said. He thanked Professor Dumbledore and said good night. The professor disappeared. Fabian mentioned in an offhand way Gideon and Emmeline were screwed. Gideon tried not to imagine his name on that family tree. He reached inside his robes, took out the emerald with its mended chain, and placed it in Emmeline's hand. Slowly coming out of her daze, steadying herself on her feet, Emmeline closed her long fingers around the jewel.