Professor McGonagall, going over the details and trying to figure out how exactly she felt about this. She knew her initial reaction, her complete and utter horror at finding out she would be a liaison for Draco Malfoy , of all people, was going to be hard to get over. For Godric's sake, she had to meet with him the following day. How she was going to do that without physically harming him, she had no idea. Professor McGonagall had told Hermione of several instances that Draco's information had supposedly saved Order member's lives, and helped missions succeed, but it was still hard to wrap her mind around the fact that it was Draco Malfoy. The boy who was mean as they come, and always seemed to have it out for Harry, Ron, and even herself. Obviously, Harry and Ron weren't completely innocent either, they were just as often the instigators, but Malfoy was really awful. Somehow she had to reconcile her absolute dislike for him with the fact that he was really a good guy? No, no he couldn't be good. Not really. You can't be good if you treat everyone like crap. Just because he does some good, doesn't make him good. "And how does she even know for sure he is on our side?" She scoffed, to herself, since the room was otherwise empty. Maybe he is a spy for You-Know-Who, pretending to help the Order, when really he was passing information the other way!? If she did choose to believe that he was truly working with the Order, then she had to wonder what was in it for him. Malfoy didn't do things out of the kindness his heart. He didn't have a kind bone in his body, as far as she knew, so why would he be helping the Order? Fighting for the other side. His father were clearly a loyal Death Eater, why would Malfoy go against what he had been raised to do? Hermione sighed loudly, and threw herself back on her bed, so that she was lying down facing the ceiling. She straightened her legs and flung her arms over her eyes, trying to block out the night, hoping to stop the thoughts that were overwhelming her, and just sleep. Godric she wanted to sleep. It had been a few nights since she had more than 6 hours, and even longer since she'd managed 8. Sleep seemed to have a way of evading you when you were constantly fighting the darkest wizard of all time. She rolled her eyes, under her closed lids, and sighed, straightening her thought line back to the meeting with Professor McGonagall. Besides the obvious insanity of trying to accept Malfoy as an Order spy, there was the other headache that the Professor had thrown at her. Not only was she supposed to be some sort of go-between for him and the Order, but she also had to let him teach her Occlumency?! How was he even good enough at Occlumency or Legilimency to teach it? This was Draco Malfoy; he was a student, same as her, but he spent all his time tormenting other students. Hermione couldn't wrap her mind around believing that he was that good at Occlumency. Maybe Professor McGonagall had just meant that we have to practice it together. Yes, that had to be it. No way was he that good at it. No way. Hermione did at least understand the need for that specific skill set, for the both of them. If anyone on You-Know-Who's side invaded their minds, and found out Malfoy's secret, he would be killed. That's why Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall had told no one of Malfoy's supposed allegiance to the Order. It really was safer for him, if he really was what he said he was , if no one knew. The fewer people who knew about it, the fewer people who could accidentally slip that information. So yes, it made perfect sense that she would need to become very, very good at occluding her mind. At least there is a bit of a silver lining here, she thought. If she had to be in the same room as Malfoy, at least she would be learning something. And it was a skill she really did want to be good at. It would probably benefit her tremendously, especially in war times. It was invaluable. All she had to do was ignore the fact that she had to learn with Malfoy. That would be… difficult, but not impossible. The worst thing about the whole situation was that she couldn't even talk to Harry or Ron about any of it. She had to deal with Malfoy all on her own, and she couldn't complain to anyone about it! Not that she condoned excessive complaining, especially when a situation couldn't be changed, but seriously! This was most certainly something to complain about, and she hadn't even had to meet with him yet. How she was going to keep this from her best friends, she had not the faintest idea. Professor McGonagall really had put her in an awful position. Obviously she would do anything she could to help the Order, and she was actually ecstatic that she had been asked to join, especially before she was even of joining age. But really, it was a lot to ask of her. Hermione finally felt her eyelids begin to droop, and suddenly the events of the day seemed to hit her. She was terribly tired, and in a moment of carefree disregard for the rules, she crawled under her covers still fully clothed. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath and prepared for sleep to take her. Not even a minute later she shot out of bed, rolling her eyes at herself, and heading into the bathroom to change into pajamas and brush her teeth; how she let herself think she would be able to sleep in her clothes, she had no idea. xXxXxXx