a reservation or a sanctuary. He looked up when Nymphadora asked if it was hard to find ice cream in Romania or Peru. Charlie answered her with a high-five and choked on his cannoli. "No. It's ice cream. You can find ice cream anywhere. Are we having ice cream and cake?" "Please, somebody, for the love of Merlin, find this man some ice cream," said Nymphadora, checking for watch as the sun got higher. "Five in the morning. He needs it." "I needs it. Yessss," said Rolf, releasing the dragons to haunt after cattle and sheep. "What's your favorite?" Lyall refiled Newt's cup. "Oh, there's this honey lavender ice cream in … somewhere." Rolf snapped his fingers at Charlie, trying to jog his memory. "The gypsy at hospital." "Deva. Yeah, Scamander got spoonfed by some beautiful girl when some Hungarian Horntail turned him into a human torch." Charlie nudged Nymphadora and snickered with her. "He almost got some." "Scamander," said Nymphadora, impressed. "Are we breaking the bromance?" "Charlie's sleeping with her," said Rolf, shrugging it off. "Yes, Charlie is." Charlie raised his hands to the sky. "Your best friend's lying there dying of severe burns," said Nymphadora, pointing at Rolf, "and you're getting a date. With a girl." "Extremely attractive Romanian gypsy who serves the Heartstrings Sanctuary, thank you very much," clarified Charlie. "You're worth money. Lots of it. You speak three languages," said Nymphadora, waving her hand in Rolf's direction. "Your face graces magazines. What's the problem, Newton? Have you met yourself?" "You're married, Dora," Remus reminded her quietly. "Yeah, not for me." Nymphadora patted Remus on the knee. She turned to Rolf. "I'm not trying to make you feel uncomfortable. I don't get it." "Yeah." Rolf shuffled his feet, obviously uncomfortable. Remus asked how much he worked, which Lyall thought took as a nice gesture of giving him an out. Rolf shrugged, not taking Nymphadora's comments as criticism. "Twelve or thirteen hours a day? I don't know … I just … it doesn't stop. Not that that's a problem. I do stuff." "Yeah, Scamander, you kidnap freaking dragons, which is awesome," said Nymphadora, waving at the giant lizard-like creature. A stripped, burning sheep carcass landed feet away from them. She lowered her voice, clearly not making her point. "Whoa, whoa, on the kidnapping charge. This is … they are our charges. No jail. Let's leave that out of the conversation because they are visiting Mr. Scamander." Charlie raised his hands in defense and went to go tend the dragons when they simmered down. Newt followed him and waved at Lyall to come along. Charlie made a show of shaking his head sadly and grumbled like an old lady as he walked away. "I'm not trying to sent to jail by an Auror, so you pretend you never saw any of this." "They're thirty feet long, but okay," said Nymphadora. "Man. Control your wife, Remus. That's why you didn't get a wedding gift." Charlie pointed at Nymphadora and nodded solemnly at Remus. He reached within a harness and tossed Remus an old rucksack. "I'm kidding. This is old cookware from Romania." "Thank you," said Remus, stackin he pots and pans. "You cook?" "His wife does," said Nymphadora cheerfully, clapping Rolf on the back. She exchanged a look with Charlie. Charlie burst out laughing as he helped Newt and and Lyall onto a dragon. "Bromance still going strong then? No, seriously, Charlie, he needs a wife, and we can't leave him alone." "I didn't marry Tina until I was thirty-something. I'm old. I can't remember." Newt sat up front, comfortable although he hadn't been astride a dragon for a while. Lyall, his teeth chattering as he shook in his bones, asked to be taken off as he really, really didn't want to do this. Newt, smiling slightly, let go of the dragon's scales and patted Lyall awkwardly. "No, no, you are my source of entertainment today, Mr. Lupin." "That's what I'm afraid of." Lyall quietly accepted his fate. After thirty years of a close friendship with this man, Lyall pretty much expected to get roped into crazy schemes, and a lot of it honestly wasn't so bad because he got introduced to new things, and Mr. Scamander didn't believe in a dull day. The magi-zoologist had been retired since 1990. Lyall believed the man didn't know what a quiet retirement was. Charlie and Rolf got on the other dragon. Lyall didn't bother to turn his head to see Remus laughing as they put the old men to shame. Newt might've done this back in the day; he claimed he manned Ukrainian Ironbellies in the First World War, which Lyall couldn't even imagine, yet old age caught up with him. Charlie and Rolf acted like this was nothing. It probably wasn't. "I really want to be on the ground." Lyall raised his voice as the beast beat its massive wings and prepared to take flight. Newt learned from Rolf their dragon, a female, was called Claire. "Great. Give the great, fire-breathing dragon a name! Yes. Wait. Aren't females more ferocious." "Yes. You did read my book. I'm flattered." Newt shifted his position as Claire lifted off the ground and followed Charlie and Rolf's dragon. Lyall locked the old man in a death grip, frightened he'd crack his ribs. "I know it's your birthday, Newt, and you're my best mate," said Lyall, burying his face in Newt's shoulder. "But I hate you. You have a death wish." Newt's body shook with laughter. He kicked Claire, making her turn and change course, and he told Lyall to take a deep breath and open his eyes. Lyall did. The wingspan startled him before he found it oddly comforting. Charlie, showing off, pointed at a nearby herd of deer as their stronger dragon took chase. Lyall spotted Nymphadora and Remus on the ground, mere specks, and he decided to sit back and enjoy the ride. They really weren't the worst things in the world. Dragons.