between the grilles. He hesitated, but he went there cautiously. "So … this isn't weird?" Andromeda rolled her eyes at the ceiling, swearing left, right, and centre they'd been through this. Yes, they wouldn't have dreamed of breaching this subject had either of their children been alive. In a sense, and Lyall hoped this wouldn't be a pregnant pause of awkwardness when Teddy got older and heard the story of how the grandparents met, Remus and Nymphadora had brought them together. Because half of all marriages failed, would it be strange if they signed divorce papers five years from now? Definitely. "It's weird it you make it weird, I suppose. Don't make it weird."But it happened. Lyall couldn't think of another way to break this down for him. "We're not Remus and Nymphadora. And you're running late, son." Harry had apparently decided work could wait because this was worth it. He stepped outside the lift, apologizing to the crowd. The lift moved on. "Yeah, I know." "See! We needed him for that part where the justice says, 'Speak now or forever hold your peace.' And those witnesses? Who the hell were those people?" Andromeda strode back towards the register office, insisting they could fix this. "Nobody says that anymore," said Lyall dismissively, choosing not to point out the justice, or the official, or whoever didn't say this as part of his spiel minutes ago. It was an overused plot device used in cheap Sickle novels and Muggle movies. Plus, witnesses were witnesses. "You need more coffee or tea before you agree to marry someone!" "Where are you going, Grams?" asked Teddy. Andromeda strode back over to them and ignored Harry's commentary about how old people were fun. She smacked him playfully with her handbag. "Do you seriously not want to be married to me?" Lyall shooed Harry away when he said he was really running late. He didn't get a yes or no right away, and this gave him pause. Andromeda answered him and Teddy made the icky face again. Lyall took that as good enough, but he fought to get this out. They broke apart. "Because I don't care either way. But if you don't know you know, we shouldn't have done this. I'm fine." "I know." She sounded like she wanted to put a screeching halt to this conversation. It was an answer a teenager would give. Lyall, frustrated, and admittedly a little disappointed, started back the way she'd gone. His other wedding ring was in his pocket. "Please stop." Lyall ignored her and continued on his way. He wondered how long an annulment would take to push through the system. "Lyall." All in all, it really didn't matter whether he'd tied the knot with Andromeda or not, but she'd asked him. That was a weird move; Lyalll had never expected a woman to ask for his hand in marriage. She'd asked him before the adoption got finalized. There had been a lot of paperwork to go through at the Ministry after the war, so this got pushed onto the back burner. At sixty-nine, the last thing he expected was to become a father again. Never mind a husband! Harry was right, though, because other than the paperwork, nothing had changed. "Stay here. Do not move." Andromeda spoke to Teddy. Eric, the security wizard, who had been rather entertained by this soap opera, said he had the boy. Andromeda, saying this arrangement was pointless, grabbed Lyall by the arm and kissed him like never before. "I asked you." "Great. Are you done scaring me to death over this? I've got things to do." Lyall ignored Eric's snickering, or he imagined he heard the man say something; the man pretended to read the Daily Prophet . "Yes." Andromeda took one of Teddy's hands. "What're we doing today?" Teddy walked in between his grandparents. Andromeda would be heading to work soon, which is why they and planned this first thing in the morning. "Breakfast. I'm starving." Lyall made the call. They went back through the visitors' entrance. As it turned out, Teddy had not inherited his father's lycanthropy. In hindsight, Lyall wished he had passed that information onto Remus before Teddy was born because it would've saved Remus a world of worry. Although Lyall was no expert, he'd become quite the unofficial authority on all things werewolf. "Where are you doing today?" Andromeda nodded at a Muggle couple as they stepped awkwardly out of the red telephone box. After stopping by St. Mungo's to sign off on Remus's patient histories for a clinical study that had lasted for thirty years of Remus's life, he was off to see Newt Scamander. "Oh. It's one of those days. All right." Lyall draped his arm over her shoulder. "Don't act like that." "I'm kidding. Tell Mr. Scamander I said hello." "Of course. See you later." Lyall scooped up Teddy, asking him if he wanted to met an old man, an author, before he kicked the bucket. Teddy had no idea what bucket he was talking about. Andromeda made a strange tutting noise and reminded Lyall he spoke to a small boy. She Disapparated after kissing them goodbye. Newt really was ready to move on, but he wished to cross things off his actual bucket list. Today, they'd be headed to Arizona to say goodbye to old Frank. "You get to travel to Arizona. International Side-Along Apparition. Lucky you." Lyall set the alarm on this his watch for half past four, promising Teddy they'd be back before Harry arrived. Hopefully. They'd have to swing by Dorset by to get Mr. Scamander first, but Lyall had a plan. He lifted Teddy and smiled when the boy wrapped his arms around his neck. "Are you ready?" "Grandpa, what about breakfast?" Teddy made a good point. "Wait until meet Tina Scamander. You'll be best buddies. Ready?" Teddy said yes. Lyall filled his head with thoughts of Dorset and Disapparated. It was going to be a good day.