honored patient/physician confidentially, yet he feared this getting out at the church. He refused, especially during Easter, to make this about his family. "You are not to tell the reverend about this." Doctor Socks gave his word and he offered his hand. Malcolm stared at it, thinking he never wanted to see this man again. As they headed home, he questioned his wife. Anne shed no tears and they stopped outside a restaurant, a new establishment, the Cask and Kilt, for a bite to eat. Starving, he picked the largest selection on the menu and split it with his wife. He needed a plan, and he wasn't going to make any strides over the Easter holiday, so he did what he could in the moment, and he ate his feelings. April, 1971 Malcolm hated his position as the middle sibling. On the one hand, things were quite nice because he got along with both sides and enjoyed certain freedoms. Whenever he wanted to vent about Robert. or wanted to avoid his excuse for a brother altogether, Minerva let him vent and get his anger off his chest. His favorite times, when they really hit their stride, they sounded abused their brother together and went home a little drunk. However, when Robert needed help out of a tight spot, say, jail, this, too, needed up on Malcolm's to-do list. Shortly after returning home from Romania, Malcolm grabbed his son and went to post bail. Of course, this wasn't the sort of thing he counted as father/son time, but Shepard stuck to him like glue. He liked going and anywhere and everywhere with his dad, and in the back of his mind, Malcolm wondered how often this would last. Jayne would be starting school soon, and she thought Malcolm was strange. Of course, she hadn't gone as far to deem him as "socially awkward" or "out of the box", (but his mother still went there), she had started distancing herself from him. Malcolm wasn't normal. Even if he wanted to try, and he had no intention of doing this, he'd never happily blend with the crowd. He loved all three of his children equally and shared different experiences with them. He went window shopping with Jayne; he shared the kitchen with Catherine and made it their happy place. Sometimes, Malcolm dragged Shepherd along on his travels, but the boy was his escape artist. Once he'd gotten over the shock, Malcolm had learned Sign Language with his wife, and the girls slowly picked it up. He suspected Shepherd read lips because he picked up a lot of funny bits. "Don't tell your mother." Purely out of habit, Malcolm spoke and signed at the same time, even when it was the two of them and this proved redundant. Shepherd, an overtly friendly kid, waved at the officer as they approached the precinct. "What're you in for?" the officer asked Shepherd, grinning. Malcolm interpreted for Shepherd, something that came as second-nature these days. He laughed Banditry. That's not a thing, Shep, on second thought. Don't." The officer did the usual double take between them. Malcolm picked up on this, though it rolled off his shoulders, and he paid his brother's expenses. When Robert came out, he nodded at Shepherd and took the rucksack from Malcolm. He'd pulled on casual clothes. "The Deaf kid?" Robert threw the rucksack over his shoulder. "On the bright side, he can't talk back to you." Malcolm decided not to sign this conversation. "Asshole." "I thought it was funny," Robert mumbled. Shepherd frowned at Robert, studying him. Robert waved his hand in front of Shepherd's face. "It's rude to stare." "That's rude. Don't you ever do that again." Malcolm slapped his brother's hand away. "And he's reading your lips, asshole. What did you do this time?" "Shoplifting." Robert shrugged. "Shoplifting," said Malcolm, signing to Shepherd, giving him the suggestion. "Not as a suggestion. It's simply for the next time you're asked that question by an officer." Shepherd laughed, a broken sound. "Want to come with me to Saint Petersburg, Shepherd? For your seventh birthday" Malcolm left Robert outside the precinct, for his courtesy extended only so far some evening. Shepherd said yes, an enthusiastic yes. Malcolm took this as Robert's sign. "Don't do that," said Malcolm, masking his scold with laughter and taking this as Robert's sign. Signs, like names, were assigned by a Deaf person, not spelled out letter by letter. This would be exhausting, for one thing, and people need their names spelled for them. He was so far from playing the strict father, it wasn't even funny. Shepherd's sign, given to him by an interpreter when Malcolm was learning back in the day, wasn't the sign for a "shepherd", but a "s", followed by the sign for "light". The interpreter had met Shepherd as a baby before assigning him a sign. Shepherd had been baptized by his grandfather, like his cousins and his sisters, but Malcolm had considered that day with the interpreter, his baptism. "Come on, Shepherd." They walked home and he greeted Anne at the door. "I found a travel buddy." Anne handed over a letter before speaking to Shepherd. "Russia? Hello, darling. There's dinner on the table. Go inside." She smiled when Malcolm shook the envelope, showing her it was open. "What's yours is mine, and what's mine is still mine. Sorry, Malcolm, I couldn't help myself. It's from your sister; it's a belated birthday gift for Shepherd." Judging by the smeared makeup on her face, she'd cried over this thing. "It's a birthday card." "Read it." Anne grinned when he tipped a pair of bifocals into his open hand. She started closing the door as Malcolm fished a lighter and a cigarette out of his pocket. "Yeah, you try not to cry whilst giving yourself lung cancer. Better yet, don't cry whilst reading that to your son." Malcolm sat on the front steps, and started to read, taking a long drag from his cigarette.