differently is inexperienced and idiotic." He practically growled, leveling his body directly above hers. She thought she heard him say 'fucking weasle', but she couldn't be sure; her heartbeat was loud in her ears, drowning out much of the exterior sounds she should be hearing. Blaise crushed his body against hers, as his lips bruised her own, deliciously working her up to a frenzy. Hermione felt herself buck her hips, seeking friction. She must have hit an especially sensitive spot, as he hissed "Fuck, doll—", exhaling a heady breath. She drew her hands down his sides, tracing his sinewy abs until she reached his trouser buckle. Quickly undoing the fabric, she pulled apart his zipper and let her hand caress his hardness through his boxers alone. She could tell he was well endowed just from the few strokes she had managed earlier, but this intimate touch gave her a better idea of exactly what she was dealing with— and it was considerable. Inhaling sharply as she felt the entirety of him, she heard him chuckle darkly. "Like what you feel, witch?" he asked. All she could manage was a ragged gasp. She let her hand dip below the elastic of his boxers to firmly grasp the thick length of his cock, but she was only able to get two firm strokes in before Blaise was pushing away from her. It only took a second to realise what he was after—his trousers and boxers were coming off. Hermione sat up, reaching behind her back to unclasp her bra, tossing it aside. She pushed herself up so she could peel the shirt off of Blaise's arms, letting her hands trace the muscles in his biceps before continuing down his chest. Once divested of his shirt, Blaise knelt between her still open legs, teasing a hand across her clit before slipping two fingers into her wet heat. Hermione gasped and leaned forward into him, then moaned in response when his free hand teased her nipple. She greedily pulled his head down, deeply kissing the man as his fingers worked inside of her with a practiced skill. "Merlin, fuck—" she rasped, reaching down to grasp his cock in her hand, relishing the ragged sigh it elicited from him. Firmly holding his length, she slid her hand up and down, matching the pace he was setting with his own fingers. It only took a minute before Blaise was sliding his fingers out of her and pushing her shoulder to ease her back on the bed. Hermione reached her other hand up to cup his balls, gently squeezing and tugging while she continued to stroke him. "Fuck," he growled, grabbing one wrist and pinning it above her head before doing the same with the other. Blaise dipped his head down to nip at the juncture between her neck and collarbone, and groaned before murmuring "Do you want me inside of you?" "I thought that was fairly obvious by now," her voice was breathless and heady. "Just wanted to make sure," he chuckled as he lined himself up, pausing only a moment, before he buried himself inside her sopping center. Hermione cried out as her back arched, hips meeting his, thrust for thrust. "Bloody fucking hell, witch. You're so fucking tight," he groaned, releasing her arms so that he could twirl her nipple between his fingers. Hermione's body was alight with sensation, his cock setting a rhythm that was bringing her to the edge. Digging her nails into his back, pulling him closer, she moaned and kissed him hard, sweeping her tongue through his mouth. "Harder...fuck! Blaise, harder!" she cried when she felt the tension build to an almost unbearable height. Grunting in response, he laid his forehead against hers and sunk into her repeatedly, slamming against her body until she saw stars behind her eyes. "Blaise… Blaise, I'm… oh gods!" Hermione felt her whole body tighten deliciously, then release in ecstacy. Her heels dug into his arse as she cried out his name, but his pounding rhythm didn't slow, prolonging and intensifying her orgasm as he snapped his hips into her. When she had finally come down from her high, she noticed his movements growing jerky and knew his own climax was nearing. Hermione, eager to return the favour, resumed her pace, meeting his thrusts with her own. Dragging her nails down his back, she heard him hiss in pleasure, as he moved his head to rest at her shoulder. "Fuck, doll...shit...I'm so close," he rasped. Taking a shot in the dark, Hermione waited for his next thrust, and as he slammed into her body, she bit down on the skin at his shoulder. She felt him jerk as he growled in pleasure, his cock pulsing inside of her. "Ungh!" he groaned, emptying himself inside of her, taking everything she had to give. Their movements stilled as each came down from their climax. Hermione trailed kisses from his shoulder up his neck, until she found his mouth, and kissed him lazily, as the heat between them settled. Breaking away from the kiss, Blaise looked into her eyes, and smirked. "Bloody hell witch, why did I wait so long to do that?" Hermione couldn't help the smile that settled on her lips at the praise, satisfied that he'd apparently enjoyed himself. He gently removed himself, rolling over to settle on the bed next to her, feeling utterly spent, before he spoke again. "I'm not going to lie doll, I'm entirely glad you spend your nights moping in the Leaky, because that was bloody fantastic." "I was not moping," she said flatly, not wanting to be reminded of why she had been there. "Oh, right, sorry. I meant 'I'm glad you spent your nights drinking away your demons' ." he chuckled, turning his head to face her. It was a moment before she responded, and when she did her whisper was serious, and hard, changing the tone of the conversation entirely. "You know nothing about my demons, Zabini."