know..." Lyall's tone leaked with sarcasm. He pounded his fist on his armchair. "You realize you are sixteen? They can and probably should charge you as an adult, boy. Your mother's at some Muggle hospital getting treatment ... and I can barely make ends meet, But you know everything, Remus Lupin!" Remus flinched. "You wanna be an adult? You're an adult!" Hippocrates nodded at Remus. He hadn't even cleared anything with Lyall at this point, but Lyall didn't care. "It's not only you. How many times do I have to tell you that, Remus? It's me. It's your parents, Madam Promfrey, Professor Dumbledore ...what about my study? You want be a grown man? Fine! You are volunteering at St. Mungo's this summer. You'll work six days a week and struggle through every second shift till you drop. Congratulations." "Hippocrates," said Remus, appealing to the Healer as Hippocrates stormed out. His plea fell to deaf ears. Professor Dumbledore let the other boys go, but Remus sat there, stock still. "I didn't even do anything, Dad," "Maybe you should have, Remus," said Lyall. letting go of his anger. He pointed at the closed door. "That man has kept us off the streets. We get allotments from this case study, do you get that? There are nights I don't eat." "Dad," said Remus, calling him out for the over exaggeration. "You don't know!" Lyall hid everything from Remus, although it was obvious they lived below the poverty line. He, too, got to his feet. Remus got new school robes every year because Lyall not only worked at the Ministry. He worked as a apparition investigator on the side. He took a deep breath, steadying himself. "You start at the hospital the day after school gets out. Your days off will be the days when the cycle hits. You will find a way to get to and from London. Are we agreed?" Remus nodded. He left the headmaster's office after he picked up his bag. He didn't look at either his father or Professor Dumbledore. His seventh year, partially due to the fact that Hippocrates worked him to the bone that summer, passed without incident. Remus left school a changed man.,Hippocrates had taught him the wealth behind a hard day's work. On his thirtieth-sixth birthday, Remus lived with his mother-in-law, something he tried no to dwell on, and worked two dead end jobs at a couple Muggle restaurants. Lyall knew he hated one and tolerated the other. At his age, working as both a dishwasher and a server, Remus had committed himself to hard work. Lyall didn't even recognize the kid anymore. His kid had a kid on the way. He'd had to go through Remus's wife, Dora, to track him down. They were at war, so steady work was hard to come by anyway. As Lyall sat at the bar nursing a drink, he listened to stories of how his son kept things going in the kitchen. Remus had always liked to keep his hannds busy, so this compliment came as no surprise to Lyall. Remus jumped stations; he went where he was needed. Remus, leaning on the swinging kitchen door, listened as someone shouted something at him. After wiping his hands on his apron, he picked up two heavy crates for the barmaid. "Stout and whatever this is," said Remus, sliding into the bar as the barmaid handled the first after work wave of patrons. He stocked inventory for her. When he opened the other box, he said, laughing a little, "and I see why Joel calls this estrogen surge. I get it now. Funny." "Funny, old man," said the barmaid, flipping glasses onto her polished surface, "Oh, but it is." Remus found his server's booklet in his apron and bowed out of her station after he broke down the crates. "You'll understand that later on tonight, Laura." "Hey! Hey, old man, slow down." The barmaid cupped her hand over her mouth and Remus weaved through tables. Remus stopped, holding his booklet aloft. The barmaid pointed at Lyall. "He's yours?" Remus did a double take, taken by surprise. "I'm his father," said Lyall quietly. The barmaid, puzzled, stole a second glance. Remus had aged faster than Lyall, so the two of them could've easily passed as cousins or something. "He's awesome. New Year's Eve? I left my tips in the till." The barmaid slapped Remus on the arm as he took a barstool. "This bloke? Not only made sure I got home, but he made sure I didn't get there empty handed." "It was nothing. This is my father, Lyall. Dad, Laura. Oh, yes, I forgot." Remus took out a roll of bills, unstuck one of them, for it was pay day, Lyall guessed. Remus uncapped one of his pens and wrote a number, a series of numbers, on the bill before he slid it back towards her. "This is Michael Gallagher. The young man you met last night? He asked me to pass this along. He likes food." The barmaid laughed. "Really? That's your pick up line?" "Oh, he owed you that," said Remus, smiling when she pocketed the money. He started saying something, got caught up in a laugh, and shared it with her. "I'm married, so I don't have to worry about that anymore. I've never actually done that before." "Picked up a girl? You're cute, old man." The barmaid shook her head and got back to work. When Remus turned back to his father, he counted out his earnings into two equal piles. After this, he pocketed half of it. The Lexington Noir Project, thanks to the anti-werewolf legislation drafted by Delores Umbridge, lost all its funding. Remus took a folded envelope out of his apron, straightened it out again, and stuffed the money inside. They exchanged small talk for a while until his second shift started. Lyall. curious, flipped the envelope over after draining his glass. There were three words on the envelope: Lexington Noir Project ,