were howling. When all the soap bubbles from the assorted cleaning spells had dissipated, James clapped his hands, and shouted, "Well, that's all, folks. Sorry to end on a sour note, but you can all go home now. Doubtless you'll hear the rest later, though, never fear!" Sirius looked scandalized, "Moony and I helped you set this up. Surely you don't mean us as well?" James just gestured to the door, and was flipped off for his efforts. …oOo… When the last stragglers had left, the room morphed into a copy of the Hogwarts library. Suddenly shy, James gave into an old habit and ran a hand through his hair, making Lily smile. "Do you remember this?" He asked quietly, "We were on our way back to the common room after a Prefect's meeting, and you and I stayed behind because I wanted to know what was wrong with you. The past few days, you were on the edge of a breakdown, and I needed to know why, so I could try to make it better. "I grabbed onto your robes and demanded you tell me. The look on your face, I thought I was going to be slapped," he laughed quietly, sincere despite the joke, "Imagine my surprise when instead of hitting me, you collapsed into a chair and told me all about your- frankly quite horrid- sister, and how she sent you a letter to tell you she was getting married, and not to come. I said you were better off not going, because one of you was worth a thousand of her, and instead of scoffing, you hugged me. "I was shell shocked and said something really intelligent, like, 'Nghah,' and you laughed and told me that there was a Hogsmeade trip the next weekend, and I almost died. And now we're here again, and I have to tell you, these past two years have been the best in my life. Happy anniversary, Lily." Lily stared at him, aghast. "A-anniversary? I… er. Thanks, James." James started laughing hysterically, "Li- lil- lily? You forgot our anni-anniversary? After I almost had an aneurysm on the mission from last night when I realised it was today? Lily!" Lily collapsed back into a chair, narrowly missing the table, "We really were made for each other, weren't we, James?" He was too busy laughing to reply, and out of the corner of her eye, Lily saw a tiny red box appear on the side of the table. She reached out and opened it, and realised what she had to do. Once James had recovered enough to stand up, Lily took a deep breath and knelt down on one knee, holding the box out in front of her. "James Potter, you know I'm rubbish at speeches, and possibly the only thing I will admit to you being better than me at is conjuring a long winded, tear jerking spiel out of abso-bloody-lutely nowhere. But I will say this- you make me happy. And occasionally want to rip off your limbs in a rather satisfying fit of homicidal mania. But I love you. So, will you do me the honor of making me the happiest woman alive and marrying me? I think that's how the speech goes. I'm not entirely sure. I may be rambling. Please say-" James grabbed her arm and lifted her off the floor, a glassy, awed look in his eyes. "Just so you know, Sirius will never let me hear the end of this. You proposing instead of the other way 'round. I suppose he'll make an embarrassing speech about it at our wedding." Lily laughed, and was still laughing when he kissed her. After they broke apart because the two of them just couldn't stop laughing, James picked up the little red box. "W-what's in here a-anyway?" he asked, still recovering from the fits of laughter. They opened it to discover a note- James and Lily- I have been playing matchmaker for some time now. I humbly apologize, but, I simply couldn't resist the throes of young love. It pleases me to know all of my meddling has finally paid off. As a tribute to my amazingness, would you please have Cockroach Clusters in the gift bags at the wedding? Yours truly, Albus Percington Wolfric Brain Dumbledore. Lily snorted, "Did Sirius really think that he could fool us with this? Dumbledore wouldn't spell his own name wrong." James snorted, "It was probably Remus' idea." There was a flash, and then a bang, and then suddenly the air was filled with fireworks. "What the hell?" said James, eloquently. Everyone who had been there at the start of the… whatever it was climbed out of a trapdoor underneath the floorboards in the library. With a start, Lily saw that both Dumbledore and McGonagall had made an appearance. Alice grinned, "This room is amazing. Did you really think that you could show us half a show and be done with it?" Remus smiled, "Congratulations on the wedding. And the note wasn't my idea, it was Professor Dumbledore's." X-ray eyes sparkling, Dumbledore added, "I sometimes misspell my own name to make certain that the readers of said name are paying attention. And do note the section regarding the Cockroach Clusters. Simply divine candy, really." James faltered for a moment before coming to terms that their former Headmaster had an affinity for insect-infested caramel chunks. Lily just sat down on her chair again and blushed bright, burying her face in her hands, "Is there no such thing as privacy?" Sirius grinned, "Nope." Marlene McKinnon interrupted the murder of Sirius Black by saying, "I hope we're all invited to the wedding, Lily. We've been invested for what? Nine years now?" Lily, still crimson, sighed. Well, at least she would be getting wedding gifts out of these people soon enough. They certainly owed her more than Bundt pans for this bout of madness. …oOo… A/N: Well, that was a really long one-shot. Don't forget to review!