Thank you." Harry responded. Dudley watched as Harry narrowed his eyes a bit at the older man and shook his head slightly. The man seemed to understand the body language and let out a silent sigh. "Very well Potter, when we are done lunch you will meet me in the living room." Dudley watched as his cousin closed his eyes for a moment longer than you would a blink and sucked in a small breath, "Yes professor." The interaction puzzled Dudley a bit and then it clicked. Professor ? This man knew Harry? Why was he acting like a grumpy old man then? Maybe he didn't like Harry? He looked at the man and saw him glaring daggers at Harry while Harry tensed but kept his head down. "Do you know each other?" Dudley asked after a moment. Snape gave Harry another 'death glare' and Harry ignored him, instead turning to Dudley. "You can't elll your parents." Dudley thought it over for a second, and eventually nodded, "Alright." "This man a professor at Hogwarts, Professor Snape." Harry explained and quickly rose, taking his plate to the kitchen. "What do you teach, sir?" Dudley asked to be polite. "Potions." Was the short snippy answer he received, his tone even matched his sneer. How the man did it, Dudley would never guess, but it sure as hell scared him shitless. And the man had only said one word! The rest of the meal was ate in silence untill Snape rose and grabbed Dudley's plate along with his own. "I'm going to have a discussion with your cousin, do not break anything." Dudley nodded and headed up to his room, ready for the most boring half hour of his life. .oO-Oo. Harry was sitting on the couch and running a hand through his hair. Snape was going to ask about his relatives and his bruises (which were healing nicely) and Harry would have to answer. Snape walked in the room and took a seat in the chair across from Harry. "You will explain to me why I saw you in the state you were the other night." Snape demanded her glaring at the boy and grabbing out his wand. "Are you still wearing a glamour?!" The man asked in a tone of utmost irritation. Harry nodded and looked up at the man with a glare sharpening his features. He had learned to always wear a glamour, most days he only wore enough to cover the bruises on his face and hands, but today he had on the full coat and felt it fall in an instant. Snape looked at Harry's bruised face in anger. How dare those foul creatures abuse a child. In the wizarding world they would be treated with Azkaban. Harming your own child was considered worse then murder. Who would do this to a child? Snape took a deep breath and met his pupils glare. He reached into his coat pocket and produced a bruise healer potion then handed it to Harry. Harry took it and Snape then saw his swollen hand, it looked newer thank everything else. "What happened to your hand?" Harry looked down at his hand then frowned, cradling it in his opposite hand, covering the top. Snape must of seen the motion because be grabbed the hand and turned it in his own. The white, shiny scars read, "I must not tell lies." Harry jerked his hand back and was as white as a sheet. He covered up the scars again with his hand and didn't look up and meet Snapes questioning gaze. "Potter, when did this happen?" His baritone voice was hard and cold in fury. Harry ran a hand through his hair and looked glanced up at the man. He put his swollen hand down on the table, uncovered and lifted his head a fraction. "Last year." "By whom?" He inquired. "Umbridge.".Harry answered shortly and expanded when he saw Snapes look, "during detentions, she gave me a quill that wrote in my blood." "A blood quill? Those are highly illegal!" Snape responded with his voice raised a bit. Harry just shrugged and ran his finger over the writing, "It wasn't too bad, I survived." Snape shook his head and shot Harry another glare, "Did you ever tell someone?" "Ron and Hermione." An ache struck him in the gut and he held back a gasp. He missed them both so much. He hoped they didn't hate him after the ministry. But then again, he wouldn't blame them if they did. "Not the Wolf or deceased mutt?" Snape snarled, shaking his head. Harry felt an even stronger pain bang into his stomach and it physically hurt. In that moment he decided that he would rather feel twenty of Vernons kicks to his stomach then hear Sirius be called a decreased mutt. Guilt pounded through his veins and started to flood in his lungs, closing them up. He took a deep breath and counted to ten before lifting his head. "No, I never told Remus or Sirius , they were busy enough last year." Harry countered in a smooth and hard voice, hiding the guilt threatening to spill over. Snape seemed to notice that he crossed a line and went back to the original question. "Would you explain to me why I saw you in the state you were the other night?" "No, I cannot." Harry replied and stood up. He grabbed the forgotten potion from the end table and drunk it in a single gulp, he handed the vial back to Snape and walked out if the room and upstairs. "Potter, we will talk tonight about this!" Snape yelled up the stairs. Once he heard the door slam he ran a hand over his face and into his hair. So the boy was still healing, both mentally and physically, great. They would talk about this tonight. Ok, so this was my first chapter of my soon to be three shot! Did you like it? Please Review!