the hope that she was in fact dreaming and unable to wake up, she reached a rather beaten looking cobblestone road. Hot and bothered, she wiped the sweat from her brow and looked down both directions. Off to the right, far off in the distance she could make out structures and houses. Seeing nothing in the opposite direction she resigned herself to walking the distance to the right. The stones were far too hot to walk on, once she left the tree cover so she ended up in the dirt beside it. And as she moved along she debated her next issue. They'd only just moved into their new home in Mellingham, so there wasn't even a phone hooked up yet! In the very least she could tell the police where she needed to go to reach her family, she assumed their couldn't be too many dental offices near town. Her hopes of using a phone, or of finding the police fled her mind however as things became more bizarre. Why was it suddenly so hot? Hadn't it had been snowing buckets the day before? Why did the roads look so dated? Where were all the cars and buses? Why wasn't there a single the lamp post or the telephone pole? Why was there not one airplane flying overhead? Curiously, it was notably and startlingly quiet. Even libraries held more noise then this place! It felt like hours by the time Hermione reached the outskirts of a small village. There were sheep dotting the tall grasses by what appeared to be a farm. Her feet were blistered and bleeding by then, and her nightgown clung to her like a wet napkin. When she reached the first house, a woman came out the front door and examined her in what could only be described as shock. She walked right out to her as if her vision was betraying her, and poked her with a finger tentatively as if seeing a ghost. The woman was just as much of a shock to Hermione. Dressed in what she assumed must be costume, the woman was wearing a very out dated, floor length, pale pink linen dress. It had a fitted bodice, and she'd tied on an apron, and was even wearing a bonnet! It all looked to be in immaculate condition however, and it was so strange a contrast to normal attire! Fairly, Hermione thought, her stage costume seemed more adequate for the environment then her penguin night-gown, because she wasn't sweating or limping about. "Hello," Hermione began in her typical formal, yet frank fashion. "I'm Hermione Granger, and I'm lost, and I hoped I could use your telephone to help me find my parents." The woman's head shrunk back into her neck like a turtle, and she continued to look at her as though she was a figment of her imagination. Methodically Hermione switched to French and repeated her request. "English." The woman didn't immediately answer. "And… I heard you fine, I'm just still trying to make sense of you is all." She said stiffly. Ignoring her questions she crossed her arms over her chest and looked down the road for others. Fixing Hermione with another suspicious glance she began with her own questions. "Where is it you come from exactly? Did your carriage break down on the road? There isn't anything back that way for a good distance, and you haven't even got any shoes on." It was true. Hermione had no shoes on, nor socks, and her feet were covered in dirt and cut in several places at this point. "Might I have some water while you make sense of me?" She asked. The women regarded her another moment before nodding, than she collected herself and gestured for Hermione to follow. Having never been on a farm before she couldn't help gaping around at everything as she went. It wasn't just the novelty of the farm, it was as though she'd woken up hundreds of years earlier! Everything from the construction of the fences, to the horse and buggy geared up out front were definitely not used in London at present. Perhaps this was just country living? She eyeballed the watering trough curiously, and also the oil lamps set along the front porch. "I'm Millicent, Millie for short," the woman interrupted her thoughts as they reached the front porch. "Sit right there if you like," She instructed her all the while pointing at a wooden rocker. "Marty, you'd better come out here and see this!" She shouted for him from the front door. "See her," Hermione corrected quietly, annoyed at being made a spectacle, though trying not to be rude. "See her," the women said turning to eye her speculatively again. Marty (her husband) was dressed in the same dated fashion, and had a mustache that curled up on the ends. His hair was neat and trimmed and parted down the center. His thin brows rose to his hairline as he took her in. "Gracious child what are you wearing? And, where are your shoes? "I'm not sure where my shoes have gotten off too, and I'm not sure where I am either… I woke up in a field back along that road, and I'm just trying to get home." "Is that right?" He set his hand to his chin as he regarded her. There was skepticism in his eyes she didn't miss, but she didn't comment on either. "Maybe I should pay a visit to city hall and see if we can't get the Constable out here to assist you. Obviously you aren't where you need to be." "Thank you sir," Hermione offered him a grateful smile. She stood as he passed her, to show her respect, and as she did her stomach made it's presence known by growling loudly. "Heavens Millie, get this girl some water and a bite of something to eat." Then he was gone. AN: Thanks for reading! Please review if you've got a second!