my son," said Klein, wiping his face with his sleeve, "but that boy has been mine, and I can't stop worrying about him because I messed up." "No, no," said Savvy. Savvy pulled a straight face and searched around desperately for another topic. She looked angry, which is how Klein guessed she usually acted, and helped herself to her husband's tankard of Guinness. She snapped her fingers. "Why did it take us seven years to meet? And don't feed me some doctor and lawyer nonsense. I like you, and I don't even know you." Klein and Giles slipped into a casual conversation and swapped corny professional jokes for the next fifteen minutes or so and pinged off each other as they giggled like schoolgirls. Savvy called them idiots and ordered another round of drinks. Giles was a talker, and by a talker, he talked circles round people and obviously enjoyed it. They stopped at Margaret Thatcher, though neither of them knew how she got invited into the conversation. "Idiots." Savvy paid the tab and promised Klein they'd do whatever they could to get the word out. She explained there was a radio program called Potterwatch, and she'd find answers one way or another. She took Klein's business card and a blue handkerchief. The card carried the logo of a man's hand holding a human heart. They'd rebranded the St. George's Cardiology Group as One Heart to save the practice last year. "One Heart? Interesting." "Who's your graphic designer?" asked Giles, pulling his coat off the back of the chair and pulling it on. "My son. That's my hand," said Klein proudly. Although he'd left the hospital years ago, Klein and a handful of the other physicians held privileges there. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw what was going to happen before it took place. This happened sometimes, often within the confines of the hospital, where the next steps played out. He got up and grabbed his medical bag. "Call an ambulance!" The small black boy sitting opposite with an old lady and slammed onto the floor. Savvy screamed, and she wasn't the only one. Klein told the old lady to back off as he checked for airway, a faint pulse, and circulation. The pulse disappeared altogether. The boy wasn't breathing! And he lay in the remains of his lunch. As he started compressions, Klein shouted at a couple of young waitresses to call an ambulance. Now meant a minute ago. He concentrated on the boy, his patient, and momentarily forgot about this madness called the Muggleborn Registration Committee. "He needs a proper doctor," said a waitress. "Are you blind? He's got one. You think I do this for kicks?" Klein swore as he broke the little boy's ribs with his applied pressure asked he interviewed the old lady. He breathed easier and smiled when the boy opened his eyes and the ambulance approached minutes later. "Welcome back. What's your name?" "Colby," said the boy. "Like the cheese? Nice to meet you, Colby. I've got a little boy like you. Well, he's not that little. No worries, Colby. I've got your back. You hear me?" Colby acted terrified as his eyes darted everywhere. "Yeah." Klein hung his stethoscope around his neck and grinned at the Finnigans who stood nearby. Klein chatted with the medical transport as they prepared the patient. He clapped a hand on Savvy's shoulder as he raced with the team. He told the woman, the boy's grandmother, to meet them at St. George's, and jumped in the back of the rig with one of the emergency medical personnel. They slammed the doors shut and the vehicle raced through the streets. Klein got lost in the medicine. Annalise caved after a week because she was ready to murder Norah and Versailles. When Klein pointed out the problem was an excess of estrogen because there were too many women in the house, Annalise advised him not to push it. On the third of May, he showed up at King's Cross in his scrubs and his medical bag. He didn't know how Annalise did this. He hung out in Platform Ten. Dean came out with an arm around a Irish kid, and they were laughing their heads off. Going by the brogue and the hyperactivity, Klein guessed this was Seamus. He started to approach the young man and readied himself for an introduction. Both Seamus and Dean had minor bruises and cuts, and he stopped halfway and left this luggage with Seamus and Savvy. After he wiped his blue handkerchief in the air like a white flag, Dean collided with Klein like a brick wall and ran him down at top speed. Klein felt air rush out of his lungs as they hit the ground. "You missed me," said Dean triumphantly. Seamus howled with laughter. "You're getting old." "Are you sure I missed you? Because you don't call me, or send a letter or an owl." Klein took Dean's offered hand and got to his feet. He layered the guilt on thick. "Come on. Tell me I'm your favorite." Dean said goodbye to his friends and did a double take when Klein saluted Savvy. Dean pushed his trolley towards the black Mercedes and caught the keys when Klein tossed them in the air. Dean got his license last year and rarely got to drive the good car in the city. Klein put the Hogwarts trunk in the back and got in the passenger seat. "You aren't going to believe any of this." "We're not moving. If you think your friends are going to give you cool points for this ride, you ought to have thought about Posey's car seat." Klein rolled his eyes and recited the magic words. "You're the favorite. Are we happy now?" "Yep." Dean reeved the engine and joined the queue as he turned down the wireless. "You are not allowed to tell any of this to Mum, but it's one hell of a story."