he distracted her easily. Nobody knew. "You still wear the ring," he said, sighing when she made a face. He wasn't changing his mind and kept things casual, no strings attached. "It's just an observation." She traced the Dark Mark on his arm. "Tell about this, and we'll discuss the ring." "Why?" Severus rolled his eyes. Why would she want to hear about his past? As she was Muggle-born, this could only lead to a talk and end in a row. (He had indeed found out she was Muggle-born.) He chuckled darkly, saying this without thinking about it. He really needed to filter. "Your fiancé's not going to suddenly come out of hiding, is he?" Charity rolled her eyes and got up, tying the strap of her dressing gown. He thought she was going to kick him out, for he'd earned it with this comment, but Charity let it started pacing her bedroom. "What did you do, Severus? It can't be that bad." "It is," he said darkly, glaring at her. He sat up in the bed as she tended the fire. Charity argued with him all the time, though she rarely kicked him out of her quarters. She might lose it if she learned the truth. He spoke to her plainly, throwing out a guess. "Is this about the Chamber of Secrets?" "What if it is? It all boils down to the same thing." Charity stepped back from the fire. She didn't fear being taken, but there was no mistaking her frightened demeanor. She shrugged. "Students want to drop my course, and who am I to stop them? How do I educate them about Muggles when they are being targeted?" "This will pass." Severus angered her by merely rolling his eyes. This was ridiculous. The heir of Slytherin wouldn't target people for taking on a school subject. When she asked how he knew this, Severus lost his patience, too. The moment she mentioned Lockhart, he said, "You actually think Albus Dumbledore puts his trust in that pretty idiot? No." Charity halted in front of the bed. "How do you know?" "Because I know. It is common sense. Do you trust Lockhart?" Severus sighed when she shook her head vehemently. "There you are. You don't need to know, so please don't ask me." "Why?" Severus hissed through gritted teeth. "It doesn't concern you. Why are you worried?" "Because I fear it. I fear everything!" "Oh, you're a Seer now, are you?" Severus got out of bed and got dressed. He tired of dealing with a hysterical woman. If he knew the next step in the plan, if there was a plan, he wouldn't share it with her. He needed to remind her, although Severus seriously doubted she'd forgotten the unwritten terms of their agreement. "What is this we're doing, Charity?" "We're lovers, nothing more," she said, slumping her shoulders. She sat on the bed and braided her hair with quick fingers. "The ring? I don't what to forget what it cost me, so I wear it. You were one of them, Severus, you have no idea what it was like living as a Muggle under You-Know-Who." "Don't I?" Severus asked evenly as he slipped on his shoes. He ought to tell her about Mr. Dearborn right now. What was the worst she could do? Charity had never raged at him before. Sure, he would end this, and she'd never speak to him again, but it was nothing more than love. This, too, would pass. "Listen to me." "Jasper Montague." She threw out a name wildly. Severus stopped, forgetting his damned confession once again. He stared at her, dumbfounded. "What?" "If whatever monster on the Chamber took Jasper, you'd be furious, and you'd stop at nothing of that boy got Petrified. I know you. There hasn't been another Montague." "He has a half-brother, the Captain of the Quidditch team," said Severus, the sides of his mouth twitching. He sat beside her, a little disappointed she didn't share in his joke. He didn't know what he did to earn a kiss, but he took it. She sighed when their lips parted. "You know what I meant. There will never be another Montague. I bet you'll go mad looking for one." Jasper Montague had perfected the Time-lapse Draught in a few short years. She was right. He'd known this the day he saluted Jasper Montague as he'd climbed into the thestral-drawn carriage and took the traditional journey away from Hogwarts Castle. Jasper, laughing heartily, had waved his journal, his receipt book, at the potions master. Severus had forgotten to give the young man a parting gift, his own copy of Advanced Potion Making . Severus kept forgetting to send it. Severus squeezed her hand. "There shall not be another Montague. His brother's an idiot." "Thank you," said Charity, relieved, saying this like he said it purely for her benefit. Severus wasn't going to admit such a thing. "I'd thought you'd gone stupid on me for a moment. One brother is not like the other." Severus sat back, thinking about this carefully. He spoke slowly, making the first move. "I tolerate you quite well." "Oh, you flatter me." Charity poured on the melodrama, placing her hand over her heart. "Those are words every girl wants to hear, Severus." "What I was going to say before you so rudely interrupted me," said Severus, dryly, letting her finish and getting up to make her bed, "and thank you for that, was that we should be friends. I'd like to be your friend." She raised an eyebrow, clearly making him spell this out. "And we've doing what exactly?" "You try my patience, Charity." Charity got up and helped him with the other side of the bed, pulling the covers tight and rearranging the pillows, although she also added there was little point in making a bed when she simply messed it every night. "The house-elf would do it," he pointed out, walking towards the door. "Good night."