to Romania to help his dragon reservation friends, Rolf had turned around, momentarily distracted, and got stabbed in the spine with venom from a pair of vicious Peruvian Vipertooths; the dragons swarmed him. Rolf lost control of his nervous system and landed himself in a wheelchair. He was paralyzed from the waist down, a paraplegic, though he'd managed to get out of the encampment alive. The anti-venom, an antidote, had been too little too late. On the night the annual dinner for the Scamander Foundation, Charlie carried him in like a child and laughed good-naturedly as they entered the conference room. Laughter and applause greeted them. Charlie deposited Rolf in his old-fashioned wicker chair wheelchair. "I was actually invited to this thing this evening. Not crashing a party this time," said Charlie, leaning into the charmed microphone on the podium. He raised a fist towards where the Heartstrings Sanctuary, the Romanian dragon reservation, sat. He chuckled when his friends and colleagues cheered and roared. "I got a date." Charlie conjured Rolf's vintage peacock vintage and helped him shrug into it. After a moment, Charlie pulled himself together and took a rare, serious attitude. "Right. On behalf the Scamander Foundation, I'd like to the annual Festival of Lights. Tonight we honor those who have taken strides towards magizoology and conservation of wildlife. We thank you. I'd like to introduce the man behind the madness, Mr. Newton R. Scamander. Thanks very much." Charlie jumped off the platform and started racing towards the Heartstrings Sanctuary table. Luna shouted at him and he backtracked to lower the microphone for Rolf and reinforce the Sonorous Charm on the equipment. Chuckling, he clapped Rolf on the shoulder and raced back towards his seat. "We don't rehearse. Nope. That doesn't happen. We're idiots. The Heartstrings Sanctuary knows this all too well. And the wife." The Heartstrings gang exploded and Luna raised her glass. "Thank you. It's been one hell of a year, folks, and we all thank you for sticking in there with us. From the Rainforest Canopy in Rio de Janeiro to the Heart of Africa in Nairobi, to our friends in sanctuaries and reservations, you've all stepped up. Grandpa would be proud." Rolf paused for clapping and cheering. "Before we start our dinner, I'd like to ask you to tolerate for a moment. Rolf took his wand out of his jacket and tapped it on the glass podium. An acrylic glass plague award in the spun and transformed itself in midair into a bird in flight. A cool voice spoke as through an invisible surround sound system filled the auditorium. "Spirit of Phoenix is awarded to naturalist Rafaela Clara Santos, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, for her efforts towards the conservation of the Amazonian rainforest. Rainforest Canopy." A tall copper-skinned woman in an elegant teal gown stood and walked towards Rolf. Even at this distance, Rolf saw tears streaming down her face. Luna went to greet her and kissed her on the cheek. When Rafaela approached the podium, she spoke in rapid Portuguese. Rolf responded in kind and addressed her in her native tongue; he also translated her acceptance speech. He shook her hand and they posed for some photographs together. Luna escorted her back to her seat. "Kowalski Keep. It's given to a witch or wizard who dedicates his or her life to a cause. This year it goes towards dragonoology." Rolf sat up straighter in his wheelchair and paused for dramatic effect as representatives from around the seven dragon reservations fidgeted. "Say what? You heard correctly. Newt made this call. Yeah, he went there." Rolf waved his wand again. A large hourglass formed itself from shards of crystal and glass. Next moment, and the sand trickled down the crystal shattered and reshaped itself into a beautiful Welsh Green. The acrylic shifted into a handsome green. "Kowalski Keep 2015, dedication and soul," said the cool voice again as the dragon figurine spread its wings. The voice was replaced by the voice of the deceased Newt Scamander. The dinner guests clapped appreciatively. "It makes you feel alive. You don't stop … you cannot. In recognition of his soul, we award the Kowalski Keep to Mr. Charles Gideon Weasley of the Heartstrings Sanctuary, Deva, Romania. Watch it burn." The Heartstrings Sanctuary crew exploded and absolutely deafened everyone else. Charlie stripped off his blazer and tossed it to his team; he wore a Heartstrings Sanctuary t-shirt underneath and picked Luna up off the ground when she offered her arm. She squealed in surprise until he put her down. He headed towards the podium. "'Oh, yeah, Charlie, you should come to dinner. Why not?' Nobody listens to you, Scamander. Seriously?" Charlie fingered the real life dragon and nodded towards the crew of redheads sitting at a table. He stared at Rolf. "I've got to speak again?" "Looks like it," laughed Rolf, rolling himself off to the side. "Right. Well, I'd, er, like to thank the Ramsey Reservation in Ghana for saving our skin last autumn … you lot. Phenomenal. And Mum and Dad. And the family …. we breed like rabbits, so I'm not naming anyone individually … because I'll forget someone." Charlie chuckled as he pulled this off the top his head. Molly Weasley was bawling. Charlie glanced at Rolf for support and openly called him a cripple. Charlie's voice broke unexpectedly. "The Heartstrings crew. You lot … amazing. Oh, there's a sixteen year old Romani gypsy called Mirela Esmeralda who saved Mr. Scamander here. He's my … he's my best mate. Thank God for you, sweet girl." Charlie pressed his lips to the stationary Kowalski Keep and raised it in the air. He went over to Rolf, released the brakes, handed over the coveted award, and wheeled him into the crowd as house-elves Apparated onto the scene and plates and goblets appeared out of nowhere. Charlie whispered to Rolf and took his raised hand. They wove their fingers together and didn't let go as the cameras flashed.