eye, she took note of the fact that he seemed perfectly relaxed; her presence didn't appear to affect him at all. But, why would it? she thought. Even if she did embody everything his family abhorred, he was the one who subjected her to this, not the other way around. And, surprisingly, rather than looking aggrieved by the situation, he seemed quite...sedate about it. But then, it wouldn't do for him to appear piqued in such a social situation, either. Wouldn't want to risk tarnishing the family name any more than it had already suffered, or ruin what polishing had already been achieved toward rehabilitating it since. Attempting to quash her less than charitable thoughts on Malfoyistic overtures, she took to watching the crowd of people that inevitably swirled around them, gauging their reactions. The looks she received being on the arm of the younger Malfoy did not go unnoticed—she'd have to be blind not to see—but in the face of their clear bewilderment, she held her composure steady. She smiled coyly at those who looked on with curious interest, boldly met the eyes of those who failed to adequately hide their disapproval, and engaged in nominal pleasantries when it was expected of her. When she finished her champagne during one such encounter, Draco had casually replaced her flute with another in a motion so smooth she nearly missed it. She frowned slightly at the realisation that she was completely at ease in his presence, as if they had been long-time friends and not once-bitter enemies. She was briefly reminded of one of her favourite childhood cartoons, The Jungle Book , and feeling a bit like Mowgli being hypnotised in the serpentine clutches of Kaa, she had to suppress the irrational urge to giggle at the comparison. Eventually, in the space of a few short conversations, Draco led her to an alcove that turned out to be a cleverly hidden door that opened into the dimly lit foyer outside the ballroom. Long hallways stretched to either side of them, lit by the soft glow of lanterns in elegant sconces along the walls. He turned them to his right and led her down the corridor, the click of her heels and the softer thud of his boots echoing hollowly into the air over the drifting tones of orchestral music left behind them. As they passed the door to the drawing room, she couldn't help the shiver of apprehension that coiled up her spine upon seeing it. Swallowing thickly, she noticed Draco looking at her, a glimmer of apology in his eyes when she glanced at him, and briefly, Hermione thought perhaps he might truly be sincere. Moments later, he drew her up to a similar door along the same wall, ushering her into the darkened room and closing the door behind them. Hermione fancied she heard the click of a metal prison gate along with the soft snick of the catch, giving her a slight sense of vertigo and causing her skin to prickle in response. Her hand tightened on Draco's arm as she raised her other hand, pressing the champagne flute to her forehead to allow the cool condensation to help restore her sense of equilibrium. She felt Draco reach for his wand, and a flutter of unease tickled briefly along her senses. " Incendio ," he murmured, his wand flicking toward the wall where a fire suddenly flared to life within a stately marble fireplace. As the flames took hold, a gentle, golden light was cast into the room. Her hand dropped away from his elbow as he moved into the room, lighting candles to give it a more warming atmosphere. That task done, he turned to face her. "This is the Music Room. I would have taken you to the library, but knowing you, we'd have had to send a search party just to figure out which shelf you'd burrowed yourself into." She huffed and turned her head away from the smirk that played over his lips, crossing her arms in a show of wounded pride, but she couldn't help the upward tilt of her lips at his jibe. Even her schoolyard nemesis knew her only too well. Surprisingly, she found herself warming to his friendly, if snarky, demeanour. Draco seemed to hesitate for a moment when she didn't immediately issue forth a returning barb, but recovering quickly, he continued. "Well, then," he turned toward the door, "you're welcome to stay in here as long as you need, Granger. I trust you can find your way back when you are ready to re-join our guests?" She nodded, marvelling at the strange sort of peace falling between them. "Thank you, Draco, you've been very kind. Even if you are still an arse." He smiled at her. "Careful, Granger, you sound almost...affectionate." She snorted. "As if." "Nevertheless, take a few moments to come to your right senses. Wouldn't want people to think you're having a change of heart." She opened her mouth, then snapped it shut, biting back a less than charitable retort about former Death Eaters. Draco smirked, obviously delighting in her reaction. "I'll leave you to it, then, Granger, but I would advise you not to take too long, or someone might have to come looking for you." He gave a slight bow, turned and left, leaving her in a semi-stunned silence at this little revelation into his character. Hermione shook her head, awareness of her surroundings beginning to press in on her psyche. "Bloody hell, what's got into me?" she murmured to herself as she began to look around the room. . . Not much happening yet, just trying to set the stage, though I realize this probably reads a bit like a half dozen others. I'm not a great storyteller, and I had no intention of writing in this fandom for awhile, but this little idea that happens later kept prodding me. Please don't be afraid to let me know your thoughts. Pleasant journeys, ~*~ Lumionessence