black widow. "I don't think she's bad, really. Constance needs to find the right man. If she needs a divorce lawyer, I'm available. Again." "All right." Marlene had no opinion one way or another. She'd watched Constance Burke for days. Marlene chose Burke because this was the woman's given name. She'd written out the list of husbands, merely to given James Potter and Sirius Black a laugh during one of their meetings. Personally, she felt Constance needed to find a convent, but who was she to judge? "Off with you, Constance. I've got stuff to do." Benji opened the door and Marlene disappeared. Marlene understood he was an older man. His mind was in another place, and Benji had all the pieces of the puzzle. The man had the promising career, the house, the wife, and the child. (Not to mention, he had another one on the way.) Benji had life damn well figured out, and he wasn't going to walk from it over some girl. That's what Marlene was. She'd reduced herself to some silly little girl. How many times had Constance been married? Five of six? It was something. Marlene sat nursing a drink in the back of the Hog's Head; they had retreated here after a meeting with the Order. She sat with Lily and James Potter and Sirius Black. Sirius had come along simply to hear a story about his walking pocket protector, otherwise known to the rest of the world as Benji Fenwick. Marlene accepted a drink from Aberforth with thanks. He said nothing and continued wiping down the counters. She returned to the table, taking her story off pause. It occurred to her a little too late that she ought to have offered to get another round. Benji hadn't showed up, so she took this to mean she'd been stood up by her fictional doppelgänger husband, and this was simply a perfect ending to an evening. "Your pocket protector has a faulty design," said Marlene, making a mark on her napkin with a quill. She kept a tally because it made life easier in the bar. If she wasn't drunk yet, Marlene was knocking on its door. She laughed with James and Sirius, for she realized too late she sounded like a child. She took her story off pause. "And then his wife walks in, and she's like ... I don't know ... Olivia Tate. And I'm ... me." Sirius and James missed the reference and the point. "Who?" "A Muggle actress," said Lily, she gave them the quick answer. She sipped her soda and fished the cherry out of the bottom of the glass. She took James's toothpick and caught the thing with makeshift mini-chopsticks. Frowning at Marlene, she apologized for getting easily distracted. "She's that good-looking?" Sirius helped himself to Lily's leftover crisps. "Benji landed a girl? Like an awesome girl? Where is this woman?" Lily punched him playfully in the arm. "He's been married." "Sirius thinks he's a transfigured pocket protector," added James, although everyone else had heard this ridiculous this ridiculous theory. "Inanimate objects don't deserve love." "She's plain Jane. But she's probably one of the best legal minds in the country." Marlene felt throughly depressed. "Think Edgar. Sharpen his street sense and add book sense." "Damn. Remind me never to anger Benji's wife." Sirius slammed his fist on the table. "Speak of the devil. Benji!" "Hey. Hi, folks. May I steal you for a moment?" Benji pulled at Marlene's arm and didn't wait for an answer. He pulled her out of the pub and into the cold night. He reminded Marlene of a dead man and rushed into some story about getting caught up in a court proceeding and forgetting the time. "Long story short, I got home, and my boy has a fever, and I ...I forgot." "You forgot?" Marlene pointed at his jumper. "It's inside out." "Yeah, it is. I don't care." Benji shrugged it off and draped his arm over her shoulder. They walked together, and she noticed he smelled strongly of disinfectant. Marlene didn't know if they were friends, or acquaintances at this point. He'd wrung his hands together like he'd experienced a sudden onset of pain. He cleared his throat and stopped by the post office. "You're not nothing." Marlene beamed at him. "One day, you will be someone's something, Marlene. I'm not that person." Benji matched her step when she started walking away. "Marlene, listen to me, please." "Why?" Marlene's eyes swam with tears. "I was alone until I was thirty-one. I shared a bed with women and I felt absolutely nothing. I jumped at every opportunity because I wanted someone. Hell, I was you." Benji yanked her by the wrist and spun her around. He pulled her close, held her in his arms, and kissed her deeply. Marlene touched his face, speechless. "Remember this moment. You want to wake up with that person every morning, fight fiercely with them, and kiss them good night. Maybe make love. You want to feel like this every moment of every day." Marlene stood up a little straighter and dropped his hand. She leaned against the brick wall of the post office and smiled at herself. Amelia Bones, whoever this woman was, drew a good card from the deck. Benji nodded, perhaps thinking she finally got the point. Marlene, who couldn't help herself, took a shot in the dark. "Do you have any brothers?" Benji laughed, holding up his left hand. "Five sisters." "Damn it," she said, feigning disappointment and pouting. "The confidence, though? Very attractive." "Thanks. Amelia says that." Smiling, Benji hugged her without waiting for an invitation. "Are you all right?" "Yeah. I think. Yeah." Marlene hugged herself and laughed softly when he finally walked away and saluted her. He waved goodbye, travelled a short distance, and disappeared into the night. After she reapplied her lipstick and plastered a smile on her face, Marlene turned on her hell and headed back into the pub.