Tonks punched through the air. Taking the money from Tonks, Sarah offered to carry stuff, but Donaghan heard none of it. "Bye, Sarah." Remus hugged her. Sarah said goodbye. "Stay safe. You'll be fine." They started downstairs. Tonks called after Donaghan. "Donaghan." "I can't run away if some pixie keeps chatting." Donaghan walked downstairs backwards and kept an eye on Sarah. Tonks shrugged. He gave her the old line as she tossed him their updated fake I.D. cards. Donaghan caught them with a deft hand. "You're my bestest friend, and I love you, too. Happy?" She nodded enthusiastically. Donaghan gave Andromeda a one-armed hug and smiled when she draped a traveling cloak over Sarah's shoulders. Andromeda fretted over her being warm and comfortable. Ted said they were off, so they went outside and headed towards the Apparition point. They Disapparated. Shortly after dawn in early March, March ninth to be exact, Ted Tonks offered Donaghan a bundle. A girl. They lived in a tent that had been magically modified inside. As a matron, Ted said he'd done this before at St. Mungo's, but he'd never imagined doing this whilst on the run. He called it a camping trip. He was actually a really good travel companion and kept things light. "There you are. I'll be right back." After grabbing this and that, Ted went to go wash up and grab some food. "One hell of a camping trip." Donaghan handed the baby to Sarah. She laid on a mattress with fitted sheets and a comforter on the floor. He kissed her on the forehead and held up two fingers. "Jericho would be this many today." "I know." Sarah froze when they heard voices outside. Knowing their protective charms held, Donaghan placed a finger to his lips and grabbed his wand. "Don't." "I'll be right outside. I'm going to find Dean." Months ago, Donaghan had found a kid, a black seventh-year Hogwarts student, nicking stuff from a store. Donaghan had gone back into the store and paid for stuff. Over the last few days, wanting to get away from Sarah, no doubt, he'd wandered outside. Donaghan found him grabbing kindling for a fire. "Hey." "Hey." Dean handed him a bundle of dead wood and sticks and went to gather more. Donaghan helped him. "Are you really a Weird Sister? You look like a regular bloke." "I was. I am." Donaghan went back with him three more times and grabbed the matchbook in his back pocket. Dean, smirking, pointed his wand at the stack and flames cracked there. He'd nicked an acoustic guitar for Donaghan, too, and although Donaghan said this was wrong, he enjoyed the gift. He sat down and strummed a chord. "Ever heard us play? I swear to God, I play bass." "At the Yule Ball." "Really?" Donaghan snapped his fingers as he remembered something about a girl throwing up on him. Dean looked skeptical. Smirking, Donaghan singing a bit of "There She Goes" and laughed a little, breaking his chord, when Dean started jumping up and down, stringing unconnected curse words together. "You are kidding me? Ted, Ted!" Dean waved Ted down. Ted, drying his hair with a towel and pulling on a shirt, did a double take. He shrugged. "Ted, do you know who this is?" "Caught, on, have you? Come on, Dad." Ted carried some fish and some rice they'd bought on the last grocery run. Donaghan followed him and Dean back towards the tent. Sarah hastily covered herself when she spotted Dean and held the baby close. "How are we doing, Sarah?" "Fine," she said sleepily. "On the plus side, I think we've kept Dean from having sex for a long time." Donaghan clapped Dean on the shoulder. Even with the protective charms and spells around the tent, Sarah had screamed for hours. Dean looked a little green and jerked his head at the baby. "Hooray for abstinence?" Ted, working at the range, snorted. It started raining. Ted roasted the vegetables inside and went to cook the fish outside so they wouldn't be caught with the smell. Dean went to help him. Sarah took this time to feed the baby. They had nothing more than diapers, a few changes of clothes and a secondhand, beaten up bassinet. Donaghan went to go wash the other bed linens as she dozed off. He magicked a clothesline and hung these to dry. Ted, soaked, came back with the food and cursed when he realized Dean had run off again. So he went to go fetch him, saying the boy needed to be kept on a leash. Twigs snapped and there were unfamiliar voices. Sarah, scared out of her mind, shushed the baby with a nervous tone. "Sarah, shut her up!" Donaghan hissed at her as he grabbed his wand. Despite their magical defenses, the Snatchers sounded close. Too close. They heard a commotion and flash of green light reflected off the canvas. There was a popping sound. The voices, one of them raspy, ordered them to search. Silent tears streamed down Sarah's face. Scared to death, Donaghan found Ted's stocked potions kit and grabbed the sleeping draught. "Shhh, Sarah, she's fine. Just a drop, okay?" Desperate, ignoring Sarah as she shook her head, he opened the bottle and tipped two drops into his daughter's mouth. The next two minutes seemed to last an age. Finally, the baby fell asleep and the footsteps went away, and people Disapparated. Two minutes later, for Donaghan kept an eye on his watch, there was another loud crack. When Donaghan made it outside, stepping over an invisible barrier, he found Dean's football. The fire, hastily extinguished, lay feet away. Ted lay beside it, his eyes empty. Donaghan checked his pulse out of instinct, and he shuttered when he felt nothing. He touched a shaking hand to his lips and blinked his eyes furiously. There was no Dean. When he let go of Ted's hand, it fell into the ground. They were quite alone.