hours ago. "Where the hell have you been?" She shot at Jorge as he walked into the wing. He rushed over to her side and relieved the attending nurse a little. Jorge gave an apology she didn't even hear. She cried out in bloody murder as the pains took her again. "I hate you, Bello-Rìos, I hate your mother for having you!" "I missed you, too," said Jorge, running his fingers through her soaked hair. "You're beautiful. It's Easter." "Damn you to hell!" She softened when he said that crossed a line. The nearby student laughed. "And rest. Very good." The nurse rested her hands on Prue's legs and answered Jorge's slew of fretful questions. Yes, she did a rotation on maternity at the Massachusetts hospital. No, she'd never delivered a baby up at the school, so this was a first for all of them, and she hoped to never do it again. Prue had stubbornly waited out the clock. After a few minutes, she did things in quick procession and attended to the baby at a makeshift station. "It's a girl. Look at that hair." "A girl. We have a girl," said Jorge, switching to Portuguese and wiping tears from his eyes. "What's he saying?" The nurse still had her back turned. "I don't know," said Prue, counting the seconds as they passed. "Why isn't she crying? Isn't she supposed to be crying? What's wrong with her?" "Wait for it. Nothing, momma, we're fine." After she finished her work, the nurse wrapped the bundle and handed her over when she screamed. She laid the baby on Prue's chest. It was a dark-skinned thing with curly locks. The nurse congratulated them and adjusted the curtains around them as she bustled off to check her other charges. Jorge's native language rolled off the tongue as he picked up the baby after Prue said hello. The newborn fussed a little, but he shushed her, and it was hard to believe this gentle soul handled Peruvian Vipertooths deep in the Amazon rainforest. She felt dazed, not believing this child was hers. She insisted on learning Portuguese, since Jorge spilled the beans like an old lady in a spinning circle. He nodded, resting the baby's head on his shoulder. "He's chatty," said the nurse, coming back around and adjusting Prue's pillows. "Attractive. You know any other rainforest men? Because he's taken." "Shame." Prue accepted a cup of ice water and suggested Jaime Flores. "He drinks ... he drinks a lot when he celebrates. He's a younger version of Jorge, his cousin, but he's a playboy at heart." "Nah. I'm good." The nurse cast a spell and towels and linens folded themselves. She explained she'd sent an owl ahead to have them transferred to Mass Memorial, simply to make sure everything was all right. She smiled when Jorge, who was instantly in love with his daughter, sauntered back over to them. The nurse said Prue was one lucky woman. Jorge placed their girl in Prue's arms. "What're we calling her?" Prue turned to Jorge; it sounded better when he said it. Jorge called her the quintessential American. "She's American." "Brazilian-American, Prudence, please," said Jorge, rolling his eyes. He sat down and offered her the crocheted pink blanket. The nurse suggested they discuss her magical education, but they'd cross that bridge when they got to it. "Not yet. Please. This is Paloma Raquel Proctor Bello-Rìos." The nurse nodded, saying she hoped the baby never had to sign a bank note. Jorge explained the naming structure to her, but she didn't quite get it. Prue would be out for the rest of the school year and looked forward to the summer, though she doubted she'd she any dragons this year. When they got outside, Prue sat up straighter in the wooden wheelchair, and waved old William over. "She's a chubby potato." Old William snapped his fingers and conjured a crocheted cap that matched his blanket and placed it over Paloma's locks. He made a face when Prue went back on her favorite topic. "Were you this gentle with Isolt and James's children?" she asked. "Miss Proctor, we've been through this over, and over, and over. In order for me to be that William ... that's a common name, yes? William?" The Pukwudgie waited patiently for her to nod and mirrored the gesture. "In order for me to be that William, I'd have to be over three hundred. Can I really be that William?" "I don't know. Can I be a descendant of Salem Village's John Proctor?" "I don't know and I don't care!" The Pukwudgie jammed his spade into the earth, his patience spent. "I'm not that William, Miss Proctor, and you know it!" "I do not know it. See you in a few months, William the Pukwudgie." Prue smiled when he called her Prudence and insisted he tired of her games. Maybe he'd quit. What the hell did she know? Maybe, just maybe, all the Pukwudgies would quit because none of them liked it here anyway. Yeah, then she'd have a problem on her hands, yeah. (They did this every year and threatened to leave Ilvermorny Castle, yet they kept coming back.) Prue waved at him with the baby's little arm and said she'd see him around. "Miss Prudence," he said, turning back to his landscaping. Jorge turned her around and checked his watch. William, always one to have the last word said, quite audibly under his breath. "The baby looks nothing like you, and that's a good thing because it's squishier and cuter! I don't even like you!" "Uh huh." "This happiness? This blissful whatever it is? It'll wear off." William stomped his foot and muttered his begrudged congratulations. "Uh huh, and thank you," she said again, swept up by her daughter, no longer listening to William the Pukwudgie. There was a faint pop. Jorge stared at it, amazed, he did a double take, shocked. "I think that thing winked at me before it Disapparated!"