me a minute." He slipped behind a glass partition and slid the door closed. Forty-eight hours. That was how long this took; these cases usually ended really quickly. As he was a Dark Wizard Catcher, Kingsley had handled a handful of them. He'd found a girl once, but she'd been bitten by a werewolf and had succumbed to her injuries. Kingsley had held the dying girl in his arms until she'd taken her last breath. He'd lied to her when he told her it was going to be all right as she bled to death. Kingsley threw up on the floor. When the door slid open, Patti walked inside, flanked by Harry and Ron. Neville brought up the rear. Patti had been off at a press conference. She hugged herself, shaking her head as Ron reeled off the facts. Then he asked about releasing a child alert, she nodded, pale and numb. Ron left, clapping her on the shoulder, and Patti stepped over the pool of sick. "Where is she?" She kept her eyes on Kingsley. He had nothing to give her. "Kingsley, this happens all the time! You know this. She's mine." "I know." He didn't know what else to say. She slapped him. Kingsley didn't flinch and he stared back at her. "When did this happen?" Her eyes darted between Harry and Neville. Neville cleaned the sick with a casual wave of his wand. Patti sat down and crossed her legs, impatient and furious. "I don't know exactly." Harry spoke up first, leaning against the wall. "You don't know? That's … that's unacceptable. You want to be an Auror, Mr. Potter? Your name will only get you so far. Same goes for you, Mr. Longbottom. Do you realize who you're talking to?" Patti stopped in front of Harry. "Yes, ma'am," he said, his voice caught in his throat. "Patti." Kingsley marched her out of the private partition and shared the large umbrella with her. "You are frightening them. These boys … they are doing the best they can." "It's not good enough," she hissed. "I want Kaspar. Now!" "He's on his way," said Kingsley, guessing that they had sent both her and their department head an owl. When she glared at him, her jaw set, he went to send another. This was completely his fault. After he sent it off, borrowing an owl from a traveler, someone who studied birds, he went back to his wife. He found her laughing and crying hysterically, and he couldn't blame Harry and Neville for hiding. He rapped his knuckles on the glass, and they came out. Kingsley knelt on the floor and questioned her patiently. Kaspar arrived on the scene resembling a drowned rat. His ponytail clung to the back of his neck. "What's wrong?" Kingsley asked this more than once. Patti went into this story about how she'd prepared this home cooked meal and rearranged her Saturday timetable. Kingsley thanked her. She'd mentioned the other day she had news, and he'd blown her off, absorbed in budget cut proposals. He had a lot on his plate, and he rarely did this move, but it happened too frequently these days. When Kingsley asked if this was about redecorating the sitting room, she hissed through gritted teeth, making sure he caught every word. "I am pregnant, you blind moron." "Oh." Kingsley's face fell. "Oh? Oh? You said that last time, too." Patti dropped the subject when Kaspar cleared his throat loudly. She turned to face him. "Charge is Rachelle Delta Shacklebolt, aged four. She has a birth mark behind her left ear?" Kaspar turned to Kingsley for confirmation. He said yes. Kaspar continued, reading off the alert. "Is she a citizen here?" "No. I mean, I have dual-citizenship, but she was born in New York." Patti fished a copy of the birth certificate out of her large handbag and handled it over. She glanced at all of them in turn. Harry decided to study his trainers. "Does that matter?" "No." Kaspar took the birth certificate and added it to the file. He matched only Kingsley in his organization skills. He placed his hand on Patti's shoulder. "Is there anything else you need to tell me?" "She speaks French," Kingsley offered, fishing, "and she's afraid of the dark." "Oh, God." Patti took quick, swallow breaths. Before she could walk away, Kaspar draped his traveling cloak over the wet bench and forced her to sit down beside him. "Patti, I've got this handled. You hear me?" Kaspar waved his wand and caught a goblet. He gave her a Calming Draught. He snapped his fingers at Harry and Neville and asked for an interpreter. He waited the Floo Network grounded and International Customs searched. Patti immediately offered herself, but he refused. When they turned to leave, he stopped Harry. "Potter, I want transcripts of the Death Eater trials in my office in thirty minutes, please, and I want Gawain Robards on this one. You're taking lead." "Me?" Harry did a double take. "He's a kid, Kaspar, a fledgling," said Patti. "You're the mother, not the officer here, Patti," said Kaspar, and Kingsley was astounded he didn't pull rank here. He silenced her with a look and turned back to Harry. "You got this?" "Yeah, yeah," said Harry, sounding like he didn't have this at all. He took the folder Kaspar offered him, cast the Germinio Charm, handed over a copy and bowed awkwardly at Kingsley and Patti before he and Neville left King's Cross. Kaspar sat with Patti until she told him she was all right. Kingsley knew she'd lied straight through her teeth. As Kaspar had effectively told her to stand down, Kingsley followed the same orders. Kaspar had offered to walk them home. When they arrived at the flat, Kingsley said thank you, keeping it short and sweet. There was a faint pop as Kaspar Disapparated, and Patti broke down in Kingsley's arms the moment he locked the door with the magical deadbolt.