gracefully from the blue drawing room into the hallway, her ridiculously tall stilettos clicking against the pristine marble flooring as she fiddled with her tennis bracelet on her left wrist. As she rounded the corner into the wide atrium, she was shocked to see her husband begin his ascent of the staircase two steps at a time. "Draco?" she called, rushing after him as he strode down the hall in the direction of the master suite. "Draco!" she called again as she pushed the door to their bedroom open, hearing him turn on the shower. Crossing the threshold of the bathroom, confusion marring her features, she approached him quietly. He had discarded his jacket in the bedroom, shoving his sleeves up to his elbows roughly, his tie loosened. Pressing his forehead to the cool mirror, eyes closed, he tried to ignore his wife as she entered the bathroom. He felt her small hand close around the top of his bicep, his eyes snapping open. Turning slightly, he peered at her over his arm, seeing the confused look in her eyes as she searched his. Suddenly he reached out, pulling her in hungrily, his lips finding hers as his tongue pushed into her mouth. Astoria pulled back. "Merlin, Draco! What's got into you?" she cried a little startled by his sudden action. Theirs was a typical pureblood marriage, filled with enough respect, love and companionship to ensure a successful union, but lacking in passion. They had sex like clockwork, on a Friday night at ten o'clock. Astoria was therefore not used to Draco coming home in the middle of the day, storming into the bathroom and then shoving his tongue down her throat. "Nothing, Tori. Is it so wrong that I want to fuck my own wife?" Draco asked, startling Astoria with his unexpected crudeness. Suddenly her features softened as she reached out. Whatever was the matter with her husband, maybe the answer was to make herself available to him. He watched as her nimble fingers slipped inside the windsor knot of his tie. She bit down on her lip slightly as she loosened it. He watched the action, fascinated, as her lip fell from her teeth. "Do that again," he whispered, smirking as she looked up at him confused. "Bite your lip like you just did," he instructed, unsure as to why he was asking her to repeat such a small, innocent action. Astoria looked up at Draco coyly as her she dragged her teeth across her bottom lip slowly, growing aroused at the way Draco groaned. Suddenly his hands were on her back pulling her close, as his lips crashed against hers. He took her lip in his mouth, sucking gently before clamping his teeth down on the plump flesh, feeling Astoria shudder. They tore at each others clothes before stumbling into the shower, the hot water pulsing down on Draco's back as he lowered his lips to Astoria's breasts. He took her hard nipple in his mouth as her fingers found their way into his hair. Arching her back, she moaned as he swirled his tongue before sucking gently. His fingers slipped inside her warm folds, slick with her arousal, his thumb caressing her clit as she bucked her hips. She moaned deliciously as he slid two fingers inside her, crying out his name as she came undone from his ministrations. Lifting her up, he held her in place against the tiled wall as he positioned himself at her entrance. He felt her shudder as he slid inside her, burying himself to the hilt as the water cascaded between their bodies, the spray pulsing directly on Astoria's clit as she held herself open, Draco watching with rapt fascination as he slid in and out of his wife. It was the most erotic sight he had ever seen. Tearing his eyes from where they joined, he found hers as he pounded her against the tiles, reducing her to an incoherent babbling mess. He closed his eyes, concentrating on the feeling of her around his length. Suddenly she arched her back, crying out his name, her walls tightening around him, pulling him over the edge with her. As he opened his eyes, his mind filled with images of another woman. He bit down on his lip hard, barely able to stop her name falling from his lips instead of his wife's. Spent, they slid down until they hit the base of the shower, Astoria pressing open kisses to Draco's flesh as the water continued to pour down on them. Giggling quietly, she sucked his earlobe into his mouth as he tried not to think about what had just happened. "That was amazing," she whispered, before standing and stepping from the shower. Grabbing her wand, she dried herself off before fixing her hair, make-up and clothes as Draco watched stunned as she blew him a kiss before leaving the bathroom. Pulling himself up, he grabbed his shower gel, squirting some into his hand, lathering it up against his skin as he struggled to process what the hell had transpired just moments before. He knew fantasies were the sign of a normal, healthy, adult brain. But the last person he ever expected to picture in that moment, was Hermione Granger. Yes, they were close, he thought as he scrubbed his arms roughly. Yes, she drove him insane at times. Intellectually , he chastised himself as his cock twitched. Yes, he had to admit, he considered as he scrubbed his abdomen, she had certainly grown into an attractive woman. But he couldn't possibly be sexually attracted to her, he told himself as his hand slid down his length, his mind drifting to thoughts of her once more, picturing the way she threw her head back when she laughed heartily, imagining her throwing her head back in ecstasy as he pumped his erection. No, he told himself as the water washed away his second orgasm. He couldn't possibly be sexually attracted to Hermione Granger.