and you are still my favorite librarian. Thank you for forgiving all my late fines and holding all the good ones for me. George Tidwell shall never find another like you. Here's to hoping you are well. A very happy birthday to you. David.'" Lily laughed, tucking the letter safely back in place. "You hid books for my father? That's how Dad got to read all the best-sellers first?" Eileen nodded. "No." She'd never reveal her secrets nor her sources. Lily, reaching into her schoolbag, snorted. She sat down beside Lily. "Your father is extraordinarily kind, Lily. Most people aren't like that. David Evans is a gift. And he's almost always right." "About what?" Lily waited as Eileen drafted a letter and sealed it with a sharp of her wand. Lily took it cautiously when the librarian offered it to her. "Send that to your father, please. I could send it to him, but he probably enjoys receiving letters from you. You're a good girl." Eileen got lost in the girl's green eyes before she considered the poor families breeding like rabbits scenario. Poverty came with it. It was a cliché, or or might've been, yet it held a simple truth. Love, even physical love, made people feel better. She'd hated her husband, truly despised him, but there were nights when they had made love until they'd both passed out from exhaustion. How would the Evans family, especially David Evans, not have noticed? "I was pregnant four times," she said, pleased she wasn't really lying to the girl. Eileen didn't tell her the whole truth and spared her the details. What was a delicate way to phrase this? Lily was older, maybe just a little older, but she'd asked the question. "Tobias isn't a nice man." "That's an understatement," said Lily. Eileen eyed her carefully, her tone even. "How much do you know? No. How much do you think you know, Lily?" Lily tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, biting her lower lip. Eileen waited, busied herself with making coffee, and returned with two large mugs. When Lily asked for sugar, Eileen went back and got some. She sat down again, and Lily took a sip. "Wow. That's strong stuff." Lily held her mug in her hands. "Former university student," said Eileen apologetically. On the plus side, if the girl planned on hitting the books, she'd been up all night. Eileen made it through school whilst working full-time and raising a kid on this brew. She wanted to be direct, not unkind. Since the girl had asked, Eileen decided on the spot not to sugarcoat this. If David Evans sent her an owl later, she'd deal with the consequences. "Do you know what a battered housewife is?" Lily shook her head. Eileen, explaining this badly, started from the beginning. "You said Mr. Evans thought I might be dead, child. Why is that?" "You ... you know why. That man ... he uses you as his punchbag. He ..." Lily hid her face in her hands. Eileen wanted to hear her say it. Even though Lily might think she was ready, a sheltered, privileged girl enjoyed her protection. Lily paused, not saying anything for a while. Eileen, satisfied, thought the girl had realized she really didn't want to know the truth. Lily pointed a shaky finger at her after knocking over her coffee, and the stuff spilled onto the floor. "Oh, my God. A couple years ago, when I walked Severus home, you said you fell down the stairs! And my dad rushed over after closing up shop and hurried to get Mr. Tidwell. Mr. Tidwell carried you back upstairs. You didn't even cry." "I didn't even realize you were there," said Eileen honestly, sipping her coffee. Lily asked how many times this happened. Eileen threw up three fingers, her expression blank. She cleared her throat, desperately wanting to get this out of the way. "Lily, whatever he's done or whatever he's said, Severus isn't Tobias. I never should've equated all Muggles to that man because I was wrong. George Tidwell saved my life countless times; he tried saving that last baby, and his wife agreed to take us in. Called it Sarah. Ever read Michael Branson? There's a Sarah there." Lily smiled, shaking her head. "Mr. Tidwell and his books." "Books allow you to look for the soul and the meaning. George told me that. I should've gone with him." Eileen stopped, momentarily lost in her memories. She sniffed, remembering this wasn't originally her point. She went back to it. "Lily, we all do things, we all say things we don't mean. Severus ..." "Severus meant it," said Lily flatly, finishing her coffee and setting the empty mug on the table. "I understand you don't see people like that. And I appreciate it, Eileen, but he's not like you. You can't change him ... I've tried, all right? He's cruel. If he called Mr. Tidwell a ... that word whilst walking down the street, what would you do? Honest answer?" "George? I'd purchase a bar of soap in the nearest shop, and we'd clear up that problem." Eileen nodded curtly, smiling slightly at Lily's look of indignation. Eileen, a simple, stupid housewife in Cokeworth, wouldn't have risked using magic. In truth, Severus probably would've fought her off. But nobody played with Severus Snape or George Tidwell in her mind. Eileen reached over and patted the girl on the knee. She and Lily had never been close; Eileen wasn't close to many students in this place, though she considered adding Lily Evans to the list. Severus was Severus. He wasn't a monster like his father, yet he wasn't the greatest person to have as a friend. Severus had stayed resolutely, comfortably in the middle, and he'd turned a deaf eat to her pleas and stories. Eileen said good night to Lily and she wondered whether this girl could change her son's heart and make him see the light.