top of his. She stood still for a moment and followed Rolf to investigate the bones and charred flesh. She backed off apologetically, taking her handkerchief back. "Someone released the dragon!" "Three guesses who," said Rolf darkly, kneeling onto the cobblestones. "So much for a holiday." "We're in Deva, which basically means we're on holiday," said Luna, heading back the other way to head towards wherever Charlie went. They abandoned the panda. As they approached, inching along, for whatever reason, the silvery-blue dragon, a Swedish Short Snout, came back, and the people scattered for cover when it dove like a spiraling missile towards its brunch, the smoldering remains of a good meal. Rolf got lifted off the ground and something tore in his shoulder. He couldn't see her because he got slammed into a derelict building and destroyed vendor stands, but Luna's screams, unnatural and deep, pierced the crisp air and sent chills down his spine. Rolf tasted the blood in his mouth and spat onto the ground; he'd bitten his tongue hard because it compared to nothing as it ripped into him. "Run," he gasped, turning his head at an odd angle and reaching out to his wife. Rolf shoved Luna away roughly. Rolf relied on the wrong thing, an assumption, a dangerous thing, for he knew the Swedish breed wouldn't attack humans, but this one already possessed a taste for blood, and it shot fire from its nostrils, playing with its prey. Rolf cried out as his arm got set aflame, and the dragon took off in broad daylight. "I'm not leaving you," she said shakily, her voice going in and out as she conjured a fire blanket and wrapped it around him. "Shhhh, shhhh." Charlie, a tank, cast spells and managed the scene poorly because it was simply too much to handle for one man. Ned, the nobody who knew nothing, stayed at his heels, white as a sheet. "Damnit." Charlie shouted at Ned to gather any of the handlers and alert everyone. Frightened, hiding his emotions, he stuck a grin on his face and patted Rolf on the shoulder as Luna helped him get Rolf on level ground. Muggles surrounded them. "Luna, put him down, come on." "He's …" Luna knelt awkwardly on the ground and burst into tears. Charlie told her to stop crying as she gulped for air. "I can't … I can't believe this! We were going out for fresh air." "She can't stop once she gets going," said Rolf, staring at Charlie, smelling his own charred flesh. His nerves felt as though they got set on fire, too. "I love you." "You shut the hell up! I'm not hearing that, Scamander! Luna. Your cloak!" Charlie, keeping it together, holding on by his fingertips, snapped at Luna. Charlie slid it onto the stained ground and moved Rolf onto it, careful with his man. Authorities Apparated in the distance and Charlie barked orders mingled with colored insults at Ned. "If he dies, I will kill you!" "I…" Words failed Ned. He appealed to Luna, a train wreck, and Rolf heard her strike him. "You've done enough today. No! You … you do not touch me." Luna, big, crawled on her hands and knees towards Rolf. "You keep your eyes on me." "Look at your lady, Rolf," said Charlie, doing things Rolf couldn't see. "They're coming. Help is … it's on it's way." "Charlie, it hurts," said Rolf. He understood how this worked, so they couldn't lie to him like an idiot. He wasn't sure of the breed, but he felt the venom coursing through him as his body warmed in the cool autumnal air. "I know, I know," said Charlie, his tone faltering a little. "Slow your heart rate," said Luna, stroking his face. Rolf wanted to go to sleep and close his eyes. "No, Newton, you look at me! Tell me about … tell me a story." "What?" Rolf cried out when Charlie ripped off his clothes. "Anything, Rolf, tell me anything," said Luna meekly, trying desperately to calm herself. "The tavern wench with the uneven teeth," suggested Charlie, working fast. "We'll find that gypsy who tended you last time at clinic. What's her name?" "Charlie." Rolf jerked his head at Luna. Charlie snorted. "We're all friends here. You laid with Luna this morning. She got you in the end, at least for the next seventeen years, so it's all good, Pudgy Badger. Wouldn't Tonks be pleased you almost bedded a whore?" Rolf laughed painfully, like a knife in the chest, as he recalled Nymphadora Tonks's heart-shaped face and violet locks. The gypsies from the nearby clinic and placed him on a stretcher, and Luna, her dress stained with his blood, let someone help her to her feet and stayed by his side. He stroked her face with his bloody fingers, raising his broken hand, stalling the transport for a moment. "Charlie, you're the best thing that ever happened to me," he said, taking his two best friends' hands in his broken ones, desperate for Charlie to hear him out. Charlie told him to shut up, but there were tears in his warm brown eyes all the same. "Luna." "I love you and we're fine." She kissed his broken hand and nodded at the gypsy. Luna took a deep breath when Rolf muttered incoherently about the living will and started slipping away. "Think of a name, and we'll get some ice cream and some of … blueberry stuff …" "Blueberry cobbler," Rolf said. He squeezed her hand, completely aware she had no idea what she talked about. Luna nodded, saying something to Charlie, and they shared a laugh. Rolf, slipping away and giving into the sweet relief of unconsciousness, sighed contently when Luna kissed him and did this thing where she ran his fingers through his dark locks. She knew he loved this gesture, and it calmed him, making him breath easier. He'd be just fine no matter what came down the road.