speaking to Shepherd. "Russia? Hello, darling. There's dinner on the table. Go inside." She smiled when Malcolm shook the envelope, showing her it was open. "What's yours is mine, and what's mine is still mine. Sorry, Malcolm, I couldn't help myself. It's from your sister; it's a belated birthday gift for Shepherd." Judging by the smeared makeup on her face, she'd cried over this thing. "It's a birthday card." "Read it." Anne grinned when he tipped a pair of bifocals into his open hand. She started closing the door as Malcolm fished a lighter and a cigarette out of his pocket. "Yeah, you try not to cry whilst reading that to your son." Malcolm sat on the front steps, and started to read, taking a long drag from his cigarette. May, 1975 Malcolm weighed his options for the longest time. The way he saw it, after doing extensive research, there were four options on the table. Maybe five. Two of these he had absolutely no idea what to do with, yet they were still in play. On his eleventh birthday, like every other kid in the magical world, Shepherd had received his letter to attend Hogwarts; his sisters went there. Of course, when the school year ended, this would mean pulling him out of deaf school when he had shown only slight signs of magical talent, and this would leave their son in the dark. Even if they could hire a dedicated interpreter, how exactly were they supposed to cover their story? Shepherd needed his hands. If he held a wand day in and day out, he was crippled in his speech. Malcolm couldn't put this in words, but it reminded him of an equivalent of getting kicked in the mouth plenty and often. What fool in their right mind did this to their child? Shepherd could speak, but he chose not to because children had a difficult time understanding him, and he stayed protected within the walls of the Deaf community. He could attend mainstream school, but there again, he'd be the odd man out because an interpreter would hang onto his every word. "Why not do both?" Anne placed a brochure for a mainstream public school on top of one for the deaf school. Shepherd had attended the deaf school since primary school. Malcolm, confused, accepted tea from a waiter and dug into his breakfast. "How?" Malcolm didn't like that she made this up on the spot, for it was clearly obvious. "Well, I don't know. No, listen." Anne flipped the Hogwarts letter facedown because she'd already taken it out of the running. She rolled her eyes when Malcolm frowned, and whispered, "You want him to fit in. I want him to survive, Malcolm, he can't hear bangs and explosions, and he doesn't talk like them." "But he can,"said Malcolm, not entirely buying his defense. "How? Is there a Deaf magical society?" Anne glared at him until he gave a noncommittal shrug. She didn't know much about the wizarding world, yet she knew enough to get by. "If he gets in a fight, he can't speak. The girls know spells. Shepherd can't talk his way out of anything." "There are non-verbal spells," Malcolm added. "I talked to your sister, so don't play stupid with me. What's he supposed to do for six years?" Anne stabbed a potato moodily. "She doesn't sign. You want to do that to your son? He's not going to that school." "But..." Malcolm dropped it when Anne considered him politely. "The first student who ties up my boy and points a wand at him loses a limb," Anne hissed, seething. She stacked the remaining remaining brochures and went back to her mainstream and deaf school plan. "He needs to be both, Malcolm, and I know that scares you ..." "Well, yeah," he said. "Shep is smart." "I know that," said Malcolm, feeling like a child. He had a hand in raising the boy. "But he can't be isolated. He needs maths and science, and his reading level is down," said Anne, setting the brochures aside because she'd already made a decision. Last year, they started letting Shepherd stay in the dormitories at Aberdeen. She reached out and squeezed Malcolm's hand, not touching her breakfast. There was nothing wrong with their son, a fact they'd agreed on since he was a small boy. She grinned. Even within English, sign language took different forms. Language and culture gave Malcolm life. "You know what he told me the other day?" "What?" Malcolm signed to the old, deaf man who wandered into the Cask and Kilt. This man had given his son, Malcolm's son, his sign ages ago. "Abe got a dog. An Australian shepherd." Smiling slightly, Anne helped herself to Malcolm's sausage and tomatoes whilst he kept both conversations in play. "He wants to learn American." "Sign language?" Malcolm put his conversation with his old Deaf friend on pause, showing him he wasn't being snubbed, and turned back to his wife. He considered his upcoming trip to New York this summer, and he'd insisted Shepherd tag along. "Okay. I don't... where the hell did he get that idea?" Anne tossed a bit of sausage at him. "Jumping at the opportunity to go anywhere and everywhere? Who does that sound like? Oh, I don't know." "His father. Yeah, Shepherd's mine. The girls?" Malcolm made her uncomfortable on purpose. Malcolm shrugged, feigning disappointment and picking up with Abe where the two of them had left off. His mother, caring as she was as the minister's wife, gave Anne a lot of grief early on in their marriage. Every time Malcolm came home, Anne either got pregnant or ran around with the little ones. He gasped when Anne threw a handful of eggs and tomatoes in his face. The Deaf man, two tables over, roared with laughter, and Malcolm enjoyed the split, uneven sound. He sat back, wiping the mess off his face, thinking there was magic in Caithness, too.