Meringue." I stared at the empty bed beside me, as though to share in this man's insanity with a fellow patient. "Lemon Meringue who?" "Lemon MeRANG the door, but no one answered!" he laughed, leaning back in his chair. I would have assumed that he'd escaped the psychiatric ward that dealt with statients who had mental disabilities, but Hogwarts only dealt with magical students under 18, which he was definitely not one of. He paused. "Harry, I just made an attempt to lighten the mood. I think some laughter might be polite, considering you appear as though a dark cloud is permanently above your head." I looked at him, deadpan. "Ha," I said. "Could you please tell me who you are, sir? Should I call a nurse?" "That would be unnecessary," he replied. "My name is Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, or Professor Dumbledore for short. I am the Headmaster of Hogwarts School and Treatment Centre for Witches and Wizards. I hope you are well today." I decided to refrain from telling him how it was in his presence that Voldemort seemed to cower in fear, saving it for another time when I knew this man better, so as to not scare him away. "Hello professor. I apologize for the rude greeting, I mean I didn't know you were-" "Nonsense," he said, and I immediately stopped talking. "You're Harry Potter. Your reputation precedes you. Tell me, Harry, why were you such a poor correspondent? It seemed as though you didn't want to speak with me, nor did you wish to accept my invitation to join us here at Hogwarts. Why is that?" "Sir, I never received a single one of your letters. Believe me, I would have jumped at the opportunity to come here, but my non-magic uncle and aunt kept taking the letters from the mail and all the other places they appeared, I mean I think some of them were inside of eggs according to my lunatic aunt, but they didn't want me to come here," I explained, "and it wasn't until the letters started flooding into the house from, like, all the openings everywhere that I knew something was up that they weren't telling me, I mean, obviously, letters were flying everywhere and there were owls surrounding my house and, being here in the magical world it all makes sense, but then when I thought magic wasn't real? I thought my pain medication was playing a trick on me, and then Hagrid showed up, and he was so nice and respectful and everything but my uncle and aunt refused to let me go, I mean, is this place free? I have no idea why they were like that, I think it's because my aunt hated my mom, now I think it was because my mom was magical and my aunt wasn't, but-" "Harry. I understand the confusion, but I must correct you there. Your mother was one of two daughters born to the Evans family, and only one of them had magical capabilities that were in turn passed down to you. Lily was an astounding witch…one of the brightest of her age," he said, smiling and leaning back as though lost in some fond memory. "But Petunia is a Muggle, or a non-magical person, and it is my understanding from what Lily explained to me when she was here that Petunia was incredibly jealous of her, and that jealousy, unfortunately, was directed onto you once Lily tragically passed away 15 years ago. From the same tumour you have in that remarkable head of yours," he said, gesturing at my scar. "For some reason, you lived. Care to share your secrets, Harry?' "Professor, if only I knew. I mean, I have no idea. It doesn't make any sense to me," I replied, sighing back into the cushions. "All will be revealed in time, Harry. That is what's certain here at Hogwarts. The more you pursue something, the more likely you are to obtain it. Why, look at your parents. James pursued Lily so fervently that even we teachers gossiped about it. It's not one of my finer moments," he said, straightening his back, "Anyways, how are you feeling today, Harry? Do you believe yourself to be capable of attending the first day of classes?" Using his wand, he produced a mirror. When I looked into it, I saw a 15 year old boy who seemed to permanently look like he was being chased by something ferocious. I tried to relax my expression, which helped. The scar at the top of my forehead while not incredibly large, in fact very small, was shaped like a lighting bolt and mostly healed. Whenever Voldemort was particularly active in my head, it shone bright red and hurt quite painfully. Now, it was a dull reddish brown. My eyes were green and I had messy, out-of-control brown hair that I kept permanently unkempt. Overall, I'd rate me like a 1/10, but speaking honestly I wasn't bad looking, and you couldn't tell I was sick thanks to the magic, but before Hogwarts I was completely bald and was just as gaunt as Draco. The reality of cancer in a non-magical world. "Sir, I think I might be. Can I ask you one last question?" "Of course, Harry." "Why did you come and visit me?" He stood up, and the chair underneath him magically disappeared. "You're a miracle, Harry. I fear that if I did not come to visit you, you would vanish once more into an area of this world where I could not find you, and I would have lost my chance." "Why would I vanish, sir?" "You said one question, Harry. But to say that you are not sought after by all the wizarding schools would be a nasty lie. I do not fancy myself liars," he said, ironing out his robes. "Please be changed and at the Great Hall within the next 30 minutes. And Harry?" "Yes, professor?" "Good luck today."