take them and be on his way. "Ok thankyou very much. I'd better go. I'm supposed to be meeting my uncle in a few minutes." He lied, hoping to get away as soon as possible from this strange old man. "Goodbye my boy and enjoy the results of your gift." The old man waved, still smiling in that off putting way as Harry began to walk at as quickly a pace as possible without looking suspicious. He had had experiences like this before with people claiming to know him, but this had been the strangest yet. There was something not quite right about the man with the stall and he almost threw the candles in the bin. what stopped him was the price of the lunch he bought for himself in pizza hut. He would have no money left if he had to buy more candles now. So he ignored his gut instinct and told himself that he was being ridiculous. What harm could they possibly do to Dudley. They were just candles. There was nothing dangerous looking about them on closer inspection. The old man was obviously just jesting with him. He was probably so sad and lonely that he found amusement in scaring small boys on the street by tricking them in to believe tall tales. When four o'clock came around Harry saw uncle Vernon's car and got in without saying anything. He was tired after his long day just wandering around shops and sipping on fizzy drinks. "Did you get Dudley's candles." Vernon asked gruffly. "Yes uncle Vernon." and he handed him the package. "I suppose there's no change. might have known you'd spend every last penny. you little leech." Vernon couldn't resist a dig but Harry couldn't be bothered to defend himself. He had had the best day in years and it was all because he was away from his so called family. If only that could be the case for the rest of his life he would be happy. Soon they arrived home to find Dudley was apparently in a better mood. Aunt petunia had assured him that to make up for what had happened they would go on a weekend break to the theme park when it reopened. Just like her to reward Dudley for his overdramatic behavior. But this good mood did not last. When they were all sat around the table, Harry eating some left over macaroni while the others tucked into their lavish take away meals. Dudley made an announcement through mouthfuls of food. "This is all Harry's fault!" he hissed, glaring at his cousin "Where were you today anyway. Why was I sat here all day and he was aloud to go out somewhere!" "We thought that you might want him out of the way for a while Duddy dear. You were so upset that we thought it might ease the stress if he was out for the day." Petunia tried to explain. "Yes well it didn't. This has been the worst birthday I have ever had. And it's all because you adopted Harry even though you have a real son you should be looking after!" Duddley snapped, shovelling a mouthful of chips into his fat gob. "I've had enough of this. I want the cake now!" "Certainly darling. It's your special day after all." Petunia replied wiping away tears because of her son's words and pulling away everyone's plates regardless of whether they were finished or not. Uncle Vernon looked very annoyed but didn't say anything for fear of upsetting Dudley further. Petunia returned with the cake and set it on the table. Everyone began to sing happy birthday including Harry. This was a rarity for him to be included in a family celibration as he was never usually at any of Dudley's birthdays because as Dudley had gotten older he preferred to go out to celebrate. When the song was over Petunia said the usual, "Make a wish my special little man." Dudley frowned like he was concentrating hard. "I wish." He began and then turned to his cousin "That Harry had never been born." He finished sulkily blowing at the candles and folding his arms like a spoiled prince. "Cut the cake and don't give HIM any!" Harry clapped slowly, "Ha, it won't come true now will it because you told everyone." Dudley growled like a rabid dog and hurled a piece of birthday cake at his cousin. "Shut up. Mum make him go away!" he whined. "Shut your mouth!" Petunia squeaked, obviously at the end of her tether "You!" she screamed at Harry, her eyes flashing with anger "Get to bed! You've done nothing but mock Dudley since the minute this day began and you wonder why he wishes you weren't here. Vernon do something about the boy!" Vernon got up from his chair before Harry had a chance to run and grabbed him by the scruff the neck, hauling him out of his seat and out of the room. He shoved the boy roughly into his cupboard under the stairs and yelled, "Now stay in there and think about how much you've upset your aunt. It was decent of her to take you in all those years ago in the first place. You remember that. Had it been my decision you'd have gone to orphanage!" Harry thought that he would have rather have gone to an orphanage than put up with Dudley but kept his mouth shut. He had been brave today by standing up to his cousin but he didn't want to rock the boat any more than he already had for fear of extreme punishment. He decided to use the little torch he had bought today to read one of his books before sleep. Today hadn't been a complete failure although it had ended badly. He was begining to realize more and more that although Dudley had everything, he was just as unhappy as Harry was in some ways just for different reasons.