aren't they making out yet? "Yeah, suit and tie, fancy dress," He says as he takes a swig of beer. "You got a nice dress, Evans?" Lily looks down, but she's smiling. "Not yet." She's laughing again, and his heart is in his throat because she gets him. He turns to her as she walks to the room she's staying in his flat. He's kicked Pete out and Remus and Pete are sharing a room in the 3-bedroom flat. She's talking to him about Uni and her courses, work and Marlene, her family and her screaming matches with Petunia, but her eyebrows quirk when she sees a box on the bed. He can't help but smirk. "James?" Lily's eyes are wide and green and bright, and she's looking at the cream box that is laced in a red ribbon, and she can't contain the blush or the glee. She races over to the bed, and she feels a pang of regret as she undoes the fancy ribbon, but she looks into the box and tears form as she sees it. Lacy. Red. Cinches in at the waist. The dress, and she now has both a fancy dress and an occasion to where it to. She's a flurry of red hair as she whips around and addresses James again. "Was this you?" He shrugs. "Call it a birthday gift. Or a present, for helping us so much." She frowns, puzzled. "But I haven't done anything. I've just invaded your house and stolen your alcohol, really," He laughs at that, pure and whole, because that is both the truth, and it's not. She's more than that. "No, Evans," He says, heart rate quickening, throat tightening and breath hitching as he gets closer to her. He looks at her, and she looks like heaven in a human. "You fit. You're like the piece of the puzzle that we didn't think we'd need until we met you. It works." Lily's blushing so hard it hurts her head, so she hides in her hair and looks down at the dress in the box again. "It's in my size and everything, I–" She breaks off for a moment, unsure of how to express it. She looks up again, and he's inches away from her, and she wants to kiss him so badly that an ache grows within her heart. He's looking at her lips and he wants nothing more than to feel her skin on his, graze his lips on hers. But they won't. "Thank you," she breaths, and she backs away slightly, looking back at the dress. "I'll wear it tonight." She walks downstairs in her dress and she looks like the human embodiment of an arctic monkey's song. She's a livewire and James' jaw drops. It fits perfectly. Her makeup is immaculate and James' tux is driving her insane. The five of them get into the car and the wind messes with her hair a little, pulling bits out of her up do here and there, but all it really does is frame her face, and James just wants to kiss her even more. They walk into the restaurant, and it's fancier than Fibonacci's, polished and prim, and James just tips his hat at the waiter and picks a table, because his parents are friends with the owners. Sirius is almost as used to it as James, because his only real parents are the Potters anyway. Remus feels alive and in awe that this is still his life. He's doing okay. Pete's still daydreaming about the food. (But really, he's been praying to God every night for Remus to be okay, and he walks into this restaurant, relief telling him it's alright.) The waiter winks at Lily unsubtly as she orders the drinks, having already memorized the boy's orders. Sirius is impressed as he remarks "knew there was a reason we picked you, Evans." Lily just sticks her tongue out at him. The food is incredible, the chandeliers are made of gold and crystals and are so pretty Lily wants to cry, and James can't stop looking at Lily. (She can't stop looking at him, either.) Finally, after a three course meal, the five are full and slightly tipsy, so James locks his car and they decide to walk home. Pete, Remus and Sirius wander ahead and talk about the city as it's lit up, but Lily and James stay behind, because she's short and she walks slower in heels. "Hurry up, you two!" Sirius yells, even though he's deliberately leaving them behind so they'll finally fucking snog. "Thank you, James." She says it quietly and simply, as if there's nothing else to say as she locks her fingers in his, and neither wants to let go, but still afraid to find out what will happen if they don't let go. "What for?" "The dress. For the clothes and the friends and the dinners and for being so perfect. For having perfect friends. For letting me fit… For being my home." James is looking at her, and he finally understands what she means. Home is where your heart is right? Well, James' heart is hers. (and maybe Sirius'.) Her breath is on his neck and he's is on her face and they're gazing at each other as the lights of London begin to blur. "Under all this, Evans, you look gorgeous." He whispers. He can't ruin it. Her hand is still in his when she says, "You don't scrub up too badly yourself." "You've always looked like heaven, though." "You've always looked like home." And, for whatever reason, that sounds right. It fits. Their lips finally meet under the streetlights of London and the stars around them glisten. Teeth collide and breaths are shaky and fingers run thought messy hair, and he holds her like she's glass. They're wild for each other, they're kissing under a city of stars, and Sirius looks behind him and the three boys cheer. They're home. hope you enjoyed.