are inconsequential to me. Regardless, you are here as am I and there is much business to attend to. That thing in your pocket, yes, the time turner. I'm glad to see that you have acquired it before coming. It saves us much time. During the course of recent events many lives have been lost, as is the cost of war, but the evening has taken too many. We are now out of balance: your world and mine." "What am I to do about it?" "You are to restore it. Allow me to give you what you will need to travel through time and right the wrongs. Finish what should have ended years past and bring our worlds back to balance." Death remarked. "Oh yes go ahead and place all the blame and deaths of others on me. My apologies for not defeating Voldemort the first time. It was definitely an equal match." Harry spat, placing a hand on his parent's headstone. He then sighed and straightened himself. Standing square and looking at Death he continued "What exactly am I supposed to do to 'right the wrongs'?" "I take it we have a deal." Death stated proudly as he pulled a scroll from his sleeve. "Shall we discuss the details?" A slight rasp on the door pulled Harry from his thoughts. Shoving the last of his things into his trunk, he quickly cast a shrinking charm, and put the trunk into his pocket before apparating to the end of the hall. He watched a small house elf pushed open his door, "Master Potter?" she called. Quietly, he slipped into Hermione's room and headed straight for her potions chest. Grabbing two vials of essence of dittany he moved to her bed and placed a small note on the pillow. He knew it wouldn't explain much but he felt like she of all people deserved some semblance of an answer. Taking a step away he stopped when he felt his foot hit something. Glancing down he noticed it was a book and picked it. It had a simple leather cover and directly center was a wizarding photo of the three of them in the forest. Running his fingers over it he recalled the memory and how they managed to keep one another happy despite the gravity of the situation. Placing the book on the nightstand he took one last look around before apparating away. Hermione stood in the great hall taking in all that was around her. It looked just as it had been and no signs of war could be seen throughout the castle. Though the castle stood unmarked the same couldn't be said about her. Sighing she smoothed out her robes and began her slow walk to the entrance of the castle. Only three months since the final battle had passed and the images of death still crippled her with each step. Occasionally, she choked on the dust and smoke that only existed in her mind. She steadied herself on the nearby wall and pulled a nausea potion out from her pocket. Downing it she took long, deep breathes before being startled by a hand going through her shoulder. "Ron" she said turning around. "If you think I'm that blubbering buffoon then we have a serious problem here." Fred remarked. "Oh Fred!" She exclaimed, moving to hug him, only to freeze and realize that was no longer possible. "You're a ghost now." She said sadly, tears brimming her eyes. "And they call you the brightest which of your age." He laughed putting his hand under her chin. "Nice hair by the way." "Oh, thank you. I finally found a potion that works. Turns out my hair is actually pretty long when it's not threatening to suffocate me." "It's nice. Does make me wish I could run my fingers through it like I used to." He said winking at the end. "Fred…" she managed wearily, looking to the floor. She shook her head, sending away her thoughts and looked back up to him, "what are you doing here?" "Well currently I'm comforting you but I assume that is not what you were referring to. There's a lot of new ghosts you know. Though somehow our numbers are dwindling. The other day I swore I saw that bubblehead of Lavender Brown floating around only to see her show up an hour ago alive and well with the other 8th years. It doesn't make any sense. I thought you lot might have an idea. It's been happening more often. Ghosts are coming and going. I haven't been able to gather an idea of all who are here yet. Some are just now coming out of hiding. Crabbe, you know the second half of Malfoy's idiot brigade, just came out of the dungeons this morning with other Slytherins. I thought since there isn't a looming threat of death defying activities this year you could figure out what's going on." "It isn't a ' us three' this year. It's just me." She stated sadly. Dropping her voice to a whisper, "No one knows where Harry is. He sort of missing." "Knowing Harry that doesn't bode well for the rest of us." Changing to her normal tone, "Ron got a job at the ministry rounding up evading death eaters. He's here tonight but won't stay for long I assume. I'm coming back in a dual capacity as deputy headmistress and professor. McGonagall isn't a spring chicken you know and can't take on the weight of Headmistress alone. As it is we only have three quarters of all the students here. Some of the parents won't let them come back and some… well…" "Never left." He added. "Precisely." "It'll be just the two of us then." He stated cheerfully. In the distance, they could hear the distant hum of conversation as the students began pouring through the castle doors. "Welcome home Hermione." "We never really left, did we?" She said smiling before heading to greet the students.