They're careful with her stomach, housing a precious heartbeat, but their love is tumbling through their eyes, ribs, fingers, heads, as they kiss and sigh and rake fingers down each other's backs. This morning is filled with Firewhiskey and happiness and they fall back into the sheets and get lost and found together, falling asleep with Lily's hair caught in the mouths of both. Welcome home. \ Morning light filters into the room and pale eyelashes flutter open. Her ribs are pressed into his fingers, and he's fallen asleep protecting them; he'll be a wonderful father. She rolls over to face him and props herself up with her elbow, looking at him with a smirk through her hair. He's snoring as loudly as a bulldozer, and her head won't stop pounding, her body is rebelling against alcohol, but she's as content as ever. He opens his eyes and his glasses are on as soon as he's awake, he needs to see her, always. They look at each other for a while, without saying anything, but then she lets out a gentle, exhalating laugh and she rolls over so her heads on his bare chest. "It's not going to be easy," His words are muffled by the sheets, and his hand drifts to her stomach, and she holds her hand over his as he lets its sit there. The family. "Especially in war time," Lily adds, blinking at him softly. "We'll be okay, we'll figure it out." She looks at him for a moment longer before she gazes at the hands on her stomach. "Just… Promise me he'll always be loved. No matter what." "Until the very end." He says with a grin. " He? " Lily only smirks. "I have a gut feeling." "Well, Lils, I'm sure James II will have great parents." Lily props herself up again, looking at him with disdain as she gets out of the bed to make coffee. She removes the traces of last night's drunken ascent up the stairs with a flick of her wand. "…We're not calling him James II." James leaps out of the bed in horror and follows her in shock as she walks down the stairs. "But! It's a great name! Fleamont, and Euphemia agree! C'mon, LILS!" He's pouting adorable like a child, and Lily chuckles as she flicks the kettle on. "James is a good middle name though, babe." His eyes light up and she knows instantly she's won the tiff. "What do we call him then?" He asks as her as he threads his arms around her waist. She smiles and nudges him gently, a gesture to tell him to put the toast on. "Well," She says as she reaches for the sugar - she's not quite tall enough and she flicks it down with a spell - James smirks – "I was reading about your family while you were gone. And I quite like the sound of your grandad." James beams. "Henry? What a legend, honestly." "I like Harry for a name." He just looks at her, and he feels like he's being punched in the gut in slow motion. This is what love feels like. "Do you want to get married?" Her jaw drops, so he shrugs, nonchalant. Their relationship was built for this. "I love you, and we may as well make Harry… legitimate." Lily stirs her coffee and pulls him into her, where he belongs. "Sure. Thought you'd never ask, James." He's tiny. The world is too big and dark for him, but he's a light, a beacon for all things good. A mop of dark hair sprouts from his scalp, like his dad, and Harry is perfect. "Lily," James mutters as he holds his child. His. "How did we, the biggest messes, make this little guy? He's this tiny piece of art, god, Lil." She smiles at him, tired and content. This is what it feels like. This is love tumbling out of her insides and into the room, for these two boys. Her boys. "Okay, MY turn." Sirius is by the door and looks at Harry like he's the world. He is. He's trying to make his affection for the baby, but it's not working because James and Lily know him too well. He's in love with the kid. Like the rest. "Sure, mate." James passes Harry to him like he's made of glass, but Sirius holds him like he's made of diamonds, like he never wants to let go. He doesn't. But he looks at Lily snootily and she prepares herself for snark. "Why wasn't he named after me though?" "Because the world doesn't need more than one Sirius." Remus enters to room and bright smiles and laughs echo through the walls. He looks at Harry over Sirius's shoulder, because there's no way Sirius will let him go, and smiles. He wants to burst; Harry is as perfect as his parents. "If you must know, Padfoot, Harry was named for my grandad Henry who was so much cooler than you but SURE." "Impossible to be cooler than me, Potter." Pete bounds in a moment after, and his eyes lighten at the sight of the kid. He's seemed a little darker these days, but it's all disappearing as he looks at this light in Sirius's arms. He pulls a face at the tiny figure and the baby gargles and giggles, and Sirius pouts until it's him making the kid laugh. "Wanna be godfather, Pads?" It's Lily who says it as she chugs down tea, casual. Sirius looks like he might both faint and cry. "Honoured, other Potter." And this is what it feels like. Harry James Potter, born July 31st, has brought light back into a dark world. Sure, they may be in hiding, in a war zone, but they're all together, and that's what matters. At the edge of the world, there's the three of them, and they know that when they look at each other, that's what it feels like.