magical family that all those snooty Purebloods rant about to me." The smirk on her face was so fitting that he had to pause before a grouping of her words from before triggered something he had been meaning to bring up. "If those are all of the changed you propose" Here she nodded to signal her demands were done. "Then there is something I have been meaning to offer you if you were open to the idea. You're resident Potion Master and teacher is a very high ranked Death Eater, I say such not sure if you were aware of this. Having such a talented person at my disposal is such connivance, and you being my spouse will have these same benefits as long as they do not counter my own. One of these benefits would be to find out you blood and family history, and from that perhaps track down any found alive. I offer you a chance to use a potion that is guaranteed to work as let's say a Bonding gift?" He finished, a dark eyebrow raised in wonder and offer. Showing just how often he would do such a thing. Juliet stared at him in bemused silence, wondering if this was really happening, and if it was, why he would offer this. Was he did it to gain her favor or was there another reason? And why was she even bothering to think of this as there was no ill effect for her (she knew such to hopeful research on such topics.) and any benefit would be for her, and maybe both of them. Deciding she had stared like a mental patient ling enough and needed to reassure her lord that she was not broke, she was sure he was beginning to wonder. "That would be so very generous of you My Lord, and it would be rude of me to refuse, though I have no mind to such in the least." She said as formally as she could with such little etiquette she self learned on her own time. The situation seemed to call for her to at least show her gratitude, she would drool over such a chance later. Voldemort nodded, acknowledging her thanks, and decided to move on before he started to act any softer, becoming unease by how he and began acting in her presence. Though he seemed to have held it together just fine when they were in company, it was were they were along together that he seemed possessed. "We should agree on a date for our union before we head back up to the fool's office. It would help to get it out of the way so we can sign the contract without them fussing too much, or as little as possible." "That sounds like a good idea to me, the least amount of complaints I can get from them the better I will be." She snarled off to the side, just thinking about the group in that office. "So any suggestions for the date?" "Perhaps a day of magical power, it would give our union a deeper meaning a perhaps a blessing from magic herself." He was all about gaining power, in any fashion. "Seeing as it is the end of July…" she trailed off a look of concentration on her face before trailing her gaze back to him. "There is only one more day of magic between now and when the school year will begin. And I find it best to be married before then, just in case Dumblewhore…oops…I mean Dumbledore decides to go back on this deal. It is in two weeks and is a day of Harvest so it would give a blessing of...umm…" That adorable blush returned to her pale cheeks, and he gave a small mental smirk, vowing to make more appear...but then he caught himself and wondered why he would do such a thing. "It would provide use with a blessing of fertility and what would not be a bad thing…I hope." "Yes, I agree on both terms with you, Albus would use his position as Headmaster, and your magical guardian, to change the treaty in your place if we waited that long. And seeing as over the summer you hold the right to make decisions of your own, we can just ignore the goat. Now if I remember correctly this day would be Camnas starting on August 3rd and lasting for four to five days. Again I'm glad we could agree so easily on these things, I suppose this could mean were are alike enough to get together quite nicely." The young woman nodded in agreement as she turned back to the direction they had come from dome time ago, seemingly reluctant as to return. "Yes, so good company together that I hate to return to that room, but seeing as we must go back to sign the edited contract, then I will 'suck it up'. And almost a month after our marriage I will be seventeen and will be a legal adult in the Wizarding would and out of the goats reach, unable to be forced to this school. This is turning into the best summer of my life." Smirking in reply the Dark Lord escorted his to be spouse back to the wolves, now content to finally tie the know with a now apparently worthy equal. He had never thought he would say that in his life, but now he was beginning to look fondly on the idea. Hope you have enjoyed the fist installation of this story, I hope to make all the chapters this long, as a challenge to myself. Just know that I'm in collage, going to and Art Institute, so I may or may not have time Based on what classes I have at a time. Please review to let me know what you think. And tell me any ideas you might want added or addressed. BETAS ARE ALWAYS WELCOMED! MY DYSLEXIA IS ALWAYS PRESENT.