many pictures of himself the man had requested, before he recaptured her attention with a sigh. After that, the two fell into a comfortable silence, while Rose delved into her art. The only sound in the room was the soft brush strokes that the woman made, and the ticking of the clock on the wall. They continued like this for the better part of an hour before Lucius broke the calm with a question. "Your sister mentioned that you were married, Miss Darlinge. . . What happened to your significant other?" The question was blunt, but Rosamund found that she didn't cringe away from it. "He died, about ten years ago," came the simple reply. The man's attention was almost staggering in that moment. "I am sorry." Her features softened and she stopped painting to look at her model. "Please don't be. It was a long time ago, and there was no love lost. It was an arranged marriage, that held very little for me." "And you never found yourself looking for another's affection, after his passing?" "I was happy to be free," she told him truthfully. "I didn't see the need to chain myself down again. Not when I was finally happy." He seemed to consider her words before asking softly, "Would you ever consider trying again with another? If he had no desire to chain you down?" Rosamund's face crinkled at the notion. She hadn't given the idea much thought over the years since her husband's death. But as she answered Lucius, she knew that her words were sincere. "If I was with the right man, I wouldn't hesitate... I suppose I just haven't found him yet." "Or you have and you merely haven't gotten to know him yet," the Viscount countered with a smile that reached up to touch his eyes. Rosamund felt her mouth go dry, as she fought to understand his words. Was she reading too much into it, or had he truly meant it? She couldn't be sure. "Perhaps." It was all she could muster. Lucius was still again for quite some time, before his intent gaze landed on the woman again. When she looked up from her canvas at him, it seemed as if he was peering into her very soul. "May I call on you in future, Miss Darlinge? I fear that having you disappear after finishing my portrait is a rather unacceptable prospect." A bright pink blush rose to coat Rose's face and neck, as she felt her heart flip in her chest. "I would hardly refrain from something I'd delight in, Lucius. You may call on me anytime you'd like." Once again she mirrored his words, and Lucius chuckled as he returned to his earlier pose. For the remainder of the afternoon, the two talked of pleasantries, though both knew that things were about to change. . . for the better. As Rosamund stopped talking, the parlor fell into silence, save for the old grandfather clock, until Lyn broke it anxiously, "That can't be it! Why did you stop?" Rosamund glanced behind her cousin, with happy blue eyes. "It's late, and I just saw your husband sneak in with your children a moment ago. The rest of the story can wait for tomorrow." "But what happens next?" Lyn's jaw hung open as she laughed in shock. "How did your first date go? How did you fall in love with him?" Rosamund laughed softly, pressing a kiss to her cousin's forehead tenderly. As she pulled back to meet Lyn's eyes, she felt her heart grow warm. "That is a story for tomorrow night, dearest. But for now, you must find rest." "You promise to finish the story tomorrow," Lyn hedged purposefully. Rosamund held the plump woman close with a contented sigh, "You have my word." "Very well," Lyn agreed, as she rose from the sofa and turned to exit the parlor. "Until tomorrow, Rose. If you need anything, feel free to come and find me." "I shall. Goodnight dearest one; kiss your babies for me." Lyn blew her a kiss before disappearing around the corner, and Rosamund found herself sinking back into her chair. She watched the fire crackle in the stone hearth for what seemed like a lifetime, as she thought back on Lucius. Rosamund let her fingers dip past the neckline of her dress, as she stared into the flames, pulling out a well concealed necklace chain. Suspended upon the burnished chain, rested a stunning circular band of the purest silver and green. An engagement ring. Her engagement ring. Rosamund felt tears rise in her eyes, as she thought of the man who had offered her the ring. And she knew that she would enjoy telling Lyn the second half of her story, more than anything. . . But for now, she would rest and dream of Florence. A/N: This was a commission for a friend that I originally posted on Deviantart, but I wanted to share it here too. I plan on having a second part of this sometime in the near future, so stay tuned. ;p This story was super fun to write, not only because of the Luci snark and goodness, but because of my own little self insert into the story. X'D Lyn/Vlad wrote itself in there, though if you want more where that came from go check out my story Dancing into the Night, it's Lyn/Vlad central. Also, AU's for Harry Potter characters is extremely trying and gratifying, and I love having Lucius without magic/not being a pureblood. lol Quick Disclaimers: I do NOT own: the cover picture (which I found on google), Harry Potter (universe, books, movies, or characters belong to JK Rowling), Lucius Malfoy, Jason Isaacs, or Dracula (Vlad). Rosamund Alys Darlinge (c) Than Blood while Lyn (lil ol' me) and Arkae Grove (c) belong to yours truly Lyn Harkeran. Please drop me a review and let me know what you thought guys! I love to hear your thoughts and feedback! ~Lyn