a few minutes too late to catch a train, are more or less set in stone. Anything that must happen inevitably does happen, and there's nothing at all we can do to stop it- whether we have the ability to travel through time or not. Nature has her own ways of preventing paradoxes, as you know quite well." Albus studied him for a long time, and then finally he took a sip of his tea and said, "You know about Gellert." "How many times did you try to change his path before you finally gave up?" "Seven," he said, sipping his tea again and adopting an air of nonchalance that was so obviously feigned that Peverell nearly let the subject drop entirely to save Albus the discomfort of rehashing old regrets. "It's quite likely that my efforts here will be in vain as well, but you must surely understand why I have to at least try." "That's where this boy comes in then?" Albus asked. "You're trying to do for him what I was trying to do for Gellert." Peverell nodded. "But for entirely different reasons." Dumbledore raised an eyebrow. "And you want my help?" "From time to time I may ask the odd favor. Nothing that would overstretch the boundaries of what one friend may freely ask from another." "And in return, I might expect you to continue to drop in for tea when it suits our schedules?" Peverell raised his cup in a salute. -October 2002- Harry Potter tucked his time turner back into his robes and slumped into his desk chair- already an old man at twenty and the youngest headmaster Hogwarts had ever seen, he was beginning to look distinctly careworn around the edges. He pulled a bottle of scotch from the bottom drawer of his desk, poured a generous amount, and began nursing the first glass of the night. Fawkes ruffled his feathers from his perch in the corner. "I know you're awake," Harry said to the empty room- seemingly addressing thin air. There was a derisive snort from the portrait directly behind him. "You know you can talk to me," Harry said, "I don't mind." "I have no interest in indulging you in your self-pity, Potter," the portrait replied. "You're hanging in here to advise your successors, not insult them," Harry said, draining his glass and filling it again from the bottle of Glenlivit that sat on his desk. "Then I'll offer some advice. If you're feeling sorry for yourself, do what everyone else does and go out and find something pretty to shag and forget about it for a few hours. Or at least find somewhere else to mope." Harry turned in his chair to regard the portrait of Severus Snape- given the place of honor on his cluttered wall. "I happen to prefer this ," he held up his glass. "And since this is my office, I don't have to go anywhere. If I'm bothering you, you're free to go skulk about the dungeon like you do whenever I'm not here anyway." "What I do with my free time is no concern of yours, and if you insist on seeking me for advice, then why don't we talk about what really has you sitting at your desk drinking scotch in the dark at two in the morning. I find it peculiar that you insist on spending your every waking moment fixated on this half-baked scheme of yours to save my life, and yet you refuse to talk to me about it." "Yeah, but you're not you ," Harry insisted. "You're just a portrait, a shadow of a man, not the man himself." The portrait of Severus Snape snorted. "Your point isn't completely invalid. However, the Severus Snape you spent your afternoon with is no more your beloved dungeon bat than I am. Surely the boy barely even resembles the man you knew. So, I'm afraid, little Headmaster , I am the best you can do. At least I'm a reasonable facsimile." He paused then, considering that. "I could refer to myself in the third person if you think it would make you more comfortable." When Harry didn't respond, he asked, "Did you love him?" Harry spat scotch across his desk and turned back again to glare at the smugly smirking portrait. "Did you breathe in a few too many fumes the day they painted you?" "Portraits don't breathe, Headmaster. Answer the question." "How could I possibly love him? He hated me. Anyway, he's dead now, so what does it matter." "You don't stop loving someone just because they're dead, and you've been trying quite desperately to remedy that little setback." "That doesn't change the fact that he hated my guts and did everything in his power to make my life a living hell while I was at school." Severus snorted. "Don't sound like such a petulant child. I was trying to protect you- even as you did everything in your power to make that impossible." Harry tried a smirk on for size. "What happened to talking in the third person?" "I often find it difficult to be objective where you're concerned." Harry filled his glass for the third time while he considered that answer. "Are you trying to say that you were in love with me? Because, I'm finding that just a little hard to believe." "I always had very strong feelings for you. I'm not saying that they were necessarily positive feelings, but your involvement in any situation made it difficult to ignore my emotions in favor of clear thinking." "What are you trying to say?" Harry asked, giving him a puzzled look. "Just that, given time and world enough to try, things may have turned out differently." "You can be one cryptic bastard, Snape. Do you have any idea how infuriating that can be?" The portrait smirked, and, if he didn't have the scotch to blame, he would have sworn he'd seen Snape's dark eyes twinkle. "I have an inkling."