stopped her in her tracks. "Before I forget, though," he asked, looking deep into her eyes. "What was that all about with the white scum all over your face in the dead of night, eh?" he asked, smiling teasingly at her. Hermione blushed and, despite the darkness, she looked breath-takingly beautiful in the moonlight that streamed through the glass windows. "I well..." she began. "It was nothing, honestly!" she said, pushing him away, but he was not ready to let go of it just yet. He pulled her back towards him and pressed on, "Come on, it's just me, you can tell me anything," he said, making her blush more even more. "Ron, honestly!" she began, trying to wring her hand out of his grip, but he merely locked both her hands with one hand and held her tight, giving her no way to escape. To be frank, the challenging look that Ron was currently sporting, made him seem sexy even to him! "You know it's faster if you just tell me now and be done with it," he said, lightly knocking her head with his before breaking into a wide grin. Her face was just inches away from his, and though Ron was more than aware of that, it somehow didn't feel weird at all. There was a strange sense of tension growing inside of him that made him positive that something COMPLETELY out of the ordinary was going to happen any second now... As he continued to mutely dare her to spill the beans, he felt her giving in. "Alright, alright, fine! I was just trying to, well... I just... wanted to look pretty in the morning," she mumbled, hardly able to meet his eyes as she said those words. Ron now held her with both hands as realization struck. " Huh? " said Ron, totally taken aback by what she said. He held pulled her closer towards him before whispering, "What are you talking about, you always look pretty..." he said, looking down at her slowly reddening face. "Yeah well, that's not what you said earlier this evening..." she argued. "Wha... Hermione?! I can't believe you took all that seriously...!" he breathed out, looking incredulously at her. The two were so close to each other that there was hardly any need for them be any louder than a whisper. "Well, what else did you expect, Ron?" she hissed crossly, looking directly into his eyes. "YOU were the one who said I'd have a boggart that would look just like me 'cause I... 'Cause..." "Oh my god, Hermione, shut up. Just shut up ...!" he hissed back, and slammed her against the wall. "You know, for a smart witch such as yourself, you're really pretty dumb !" he breathed, looking down at her. What he didn't realize though, was how automatically his hands had moved down to her waist, making it ( officially ) an 'embrace'. He froze, struck with panic. For a second, there was an awkward pause when neither moved or said anything, but neither took any steps, whatsoever, to pull apart either. He noticed how arrhythmic their breathing was at the moment, and yet, how wonderful . Hermione, who hadn't met his eyes for the last 20 seconds, finally looked up after having gathering up every ounce of courage left in her body. She looked Ron straight in the eye and barely whispered out a, " Very... Dumb..." That was the moment Ron fell in love... His brain shut down entirely as his heart took over for the FIRST. TIME. EVER. Blood rushed to his face as their bodies melted and wrapped into one. He didn't how or when he decided to kiss her, but before he could even comprehend what was happening, he felt himself lunging forwards until his lips met hers. His breath hitched in his throat as he felt her lips wrapping around his until their heads were pressed hard against each other. They broke apart with a loud 'smack' . He felt numb as he shivered all over from the effect of their first kiss. He couldn't believe he'd finally done it... That this was the moment he'd waited for since FOREVER... That, even as he stood there looking down at her, this moment would forever be etched in his memory! That's when he realized Hermione stood staring at him, desperately asking him for more, although NO words had come out of her mouth. Before he knew what was happening, though, the two of them wound their hands around each other and plunged into another, more passionate kiss! He had to admit: he'd always liked Hermione and was always, always, always possessive of her in a way that no one had ever understood. So him wanting to (dreaming, even) kiss her like the Sun wasn't going to rise tomorrow made sense. But what astonished him more than anything was the intensity with which Hermione kissed him back! She kissed him more than he wanted to kiss her; she kissed him with more emotion than he could ever express; she kissed him back with a passion that he didn't know even existed until that second. Ron had never kissed before but, had he known just how exhilarating and mind-numbingly awesome it would feel to kiss Hermione, he would've done it day after day everyday until his lips fell off! The two of them were staggering along the tiny stairway landing, rubbing and caressing and fondling and kissing each other, driven entirely by instinct and not one bit by experience. When Hermione felt herself slam against the wall opposite to the one they had originally stood at mere moments ago, Ron wrapped his hands around her neck and engulfed her head entirely from view as he drowned himself in the kiss, when suddenly... 1.48 AM " HUH?! " yelped Ron and jerked awake. -~oOo- OoO -oOo~- A/N: PLEASE, please, please review? I'm dying to know what everyone thinks of this Romione One-Shot! =)