the pounding in his head down and to keep the haziness at bay). "Answer me a question or two first." Neville managed, trying to focus. "Alright." "What year is it?" "1975." "What? It should have been '81. The war's barely begun - he's only just come into the public eye as more than a Political figure ... I-I won't even be born for five years." Neville stared off, a look of shocked terror on his face – ' What if I do something and I'm never born? If I'm never born then, how am here to make it so that I'm not born? Would I just disappear or would I go through everything just to have time revert back when there isn't a me to go back in time? Do my actions only count if I can make sure I'm born and then force myself to go back and do everything I end up doing? Would that even need to happen? I guess I just have to assume that I will be born still because here I am - Mom and Dad have just left school (or will I guess if it's early in the year), that will make avoiding them easier? Maybe? What about Harry? I could still make him not get born, and his parents are younger. If Harry is never born then will Voldemort never disappear or will I take his place? Or will someone new met the prophecy?' Hagrid seemed to realize the boy's panic and the need for answers. "You really need Dumbledore." Hagrid stood, and grabbed Neville by the shoulder, picking him up and setting him on his feet. Neville winced, concentrating on not hurling or passing out or both (that would be bad). "But maybe the Hospital wing first." Hagrid amended as the rest of the color ran out of Neville's face and the boy seemed to sag a little. "Sounds good," Neville wheezed, clutching his ribs with one hand and still holding the steak to his face with the other, as he tried to decide if he was swaying or not. "My friend was taken there by the House Elves." Hagrid stared at him. "...long story..." He tried to smile, his voice was exhausted and he swayed dangerously. Hagrid reached out a hand to steady him. "Than-anksss..." Suddenly, his knees buckled as his vision went black, leaving Hagrid to scoop him up like he was nothing, cradling him in his arms (like a child with a doll). A/ N Notes about my Headcanon: (1) Neville - I always kind of had the idea that Neville and Hermione were good friends and that around 3rd-4th year Harry, Ron, and Neville became pretty good friends too. (Obviously she spent most of her time with Harry and Ron and they were her best friends, but I always figured behind the scenes she was talking regularly with and studying with/helping Neville - like those first few months of their first year and whenever Harry and Ron were fighting with her, or just when she was in the library and they were off doing whatever). Which means, that between that and seeing Order members for the PotterWatch broadcasts, I think Neville would know a lot about Harry's adventures and the war (he wouldn't know about the Horcruxes, but he would know about the diary and what it did, and that Harry had been on a mission that no one could now about, and then that something of Ravenclaws could have to do with Harry's mission, and that the snake had to die before Voldemort). (2) Frank and Alice - I know it's common in fanon to make them the same age and best friends with Lily and James, but at least from the books, movies, and what I have seen from JK to me there seems to be more reason to think that they are at least a few years older than Lily and James. My personal headcanon was that they were Prefects and or Heads when Lily and James started school and that the four didn't become good friends until around '79 from fighting in a war together (and were more like mentors before that, if anything). So in this story, Frank and Alice were 7th years when James and Lily were 4th years. (3) The War - from what I remember about the first war in the books, it seemed to me that the War was brewing for ten or twenty years before it broke out, and that for several years (late 60's or early 70's) many adults saw the signs that something bad was coming/happening but that it was in the background enough that many could convince themselves that it would all blow over. I always figured that Jame and Lily's generation didn't start catching on until their 4th-5th year and that the war hadn't actually started (that time when everyone realized that this isn't just some rebellious group that would be squashed by the Ministry) until their 6th year. Thank you to a Guest Commenter, AvidReader (comment on ch2) and Elased who mentioned some of the points above - hope you don't mind my take too much. Tell me how well I communicated that: (1) Neville was in a pretty bad place right after the battle and acted rashly out of guilt - going back in time with like an hour of planning. (2) Neville lands hard and is more hurt then he realizes - being confused, and forgetting that Hagrid wouldn't know him. (3) He was planning to go back to when He (and Harry) were just one-year-olds, and so when he learns he has gone back before he was even conceived, he worries about paradoxes and if he has to make sure that he's born in order for his actions to 'stick'. Thanks to again to Elased whose comment made me realize that my writing wasn't clear the first time and that I needed to try to communicate my thoughts better.