she came so close to be within touching distance of him. "Say it again." He quirked a brow at her. "Pardon?" He nearly jumped when she reached out and took his robes in her hands. "Say it again." "Mary…" he drawled. "Hmmm…" she intoned, nodding. Bewildered, he watched as she bowed her head—seemingly to contemplate what he had said. After a few seconds she looked up at him. This time he jumped when she wrapped her arms around his, a little awestruck by the way her eyes sparkled. "I like it!" "What?" he asked, feeling a little dumb. She pressed herself close to him. He swallowed hard. "Coming from you, it's nice." "Oh…" he nodded. A strange sort of joy filled him and he grinned once more. "Does that mean I'm on a first name basis with you now?" She began to walk, tugging his arm gently to get him to start walking with her. "Nope." He frowned. "No?" "Nope." She shook her head. "It will always be Macdonald for you." "Why?" he demanded, outrage lacing his tone. "Everyone else calls you Mary!" "Exactly! Only you call me Macdonald," she laughed, "doesn't that make you feel superior?" "Well… I do now that you mention it." "Hmmm. Whenever I hear it I know it's you calling for me. Sometimes Lily calls me Macdonald and I still think of you." She squeezed his arm. "Macdonald belongs to you and no one else." He met her gaze and flashed a playful grin. "But I want Mary to belong to me too." "Can't. Mary belongs to everyone else." Merlin, that playful smile of hers was enough to kill him on the spot. He stopped and she did too. He took her hands and, smiling, kissed her knuckles. There was that beautiful blush, just dusting gently on the skin of her cheeks "Come on… please?" She stared at him and he returned her gaze steadily. Somehow, for some reason, he knew that this was one of those moments that was important. A memory he'd remember for the rest of his life. She approached him, squeezing his hands. "Okay, how about this?" she said, smiling—this one was different… secretive, a little more personal. "Only call me Mary when it's important. Then I'll listen to only you." Then he kissed her. Pure affection drove him—he really, really liked this girl. It was a little frightening, this overwhelming sensation. He had never felt it before. It was as if a wave swept him away, carrying him to Merlin knew where. There's something about her. Just the thought of her made his heart want to explode butterflies and all that sad sap. Without a doubt he wanted to capture her heart in the near future, but for now a kiss was enough. Too bad he was not her first ever kiss, but he'd be damned if he let any other bastard out there be her last. There was gentleness in the way he kissed her. It was unlike the other first kisses he had with the other girls. It wasn't playful or firm or forceful—it was purely gentle. As if she was made of spun glass that he was scared of shattering. It wasn't his intention; he wanted to be playful and perhaps tease her a little, but as he slowly moved his lips against her own he knew that it was perfect. It was right for her. She was the type of person who deserved kindness and gentleness. Slowly, he pulled away. The first things he looked at were her eyes. In the dark of the corridor they had darkened to a navy blue. But they still sparkled. They were looking at him—a little hazed, but they were looking at only him. He never thought of the future; it wasn't his nature and in the present all his focus was on the war he wanted to take part in. He smiled and tenderly ran the pad of his thumb across her kiss-swollen lips. Yet… he found himself seeing the future—one filled with a million more moments like this, one that always had her in it. It was a future he didn't mind living in. "I believe we have a deal, Miss Mary Macdonald." Notes: 1. Title is the three common meanings I see for the name "Mary". Also fits Macdonald in a way, I feel. 2. When it comes to how Mary and Sirius ends, I always think of three scenarios: the primary one is Mary dying; the second scenario is them breaking up during the war and never reuniting; the third is the Mary Macdonald as Mary Elizabeth Cattermole theory. Since death is always my first choice, I always wanted to write a death scene for them. It is a little morbid, I know, but I always sense a hint of tragedy whenever I think about them together. So... here we are? 3. Writing this was hard. I got teary eyed more than once. I've chanted "why do I do this to myself" about a million and one times. The idea came up when I was reading manga of all things. I don't remember what triggered it, just that I had to write these snippets of description and dialogue down before I forgot. Then the next day while I waited for the bus I got the idea of Mary and Sirius saying their first ever "I love you" (because I also see them as the type of couple who doesn't say or show affectionate things, but they know that they are together and that's enough) to each other while Mary was dying. I was imagining it all the way down to their voices and I had to spend the trip all emotional. I'm a wreck when it comes to my babies! Anyway, sorry for the essay! I just thought I'd share my process with this. I hope you enjoyed reading and that what I had imagined translated decently on the page. Feedback is always appreciated. Thank you!