if at the end of all their education she still relies solely on logic when it comes to her life then all that effort will have been a waste. "Macdonald," Sirius calls. She turns to him. "Don't think." Her shoulders slump. "I can't help it." "Don't." He opens his arms. "Just jog and jump." Mary stares helplessly at him, but Sirius does not budge. She ends up squaring her shoulders and he has to let out a small triumphant smile. She takes a deep breath and like the crazy person she is, she closes her eyes and jogs towards the end of the platform without opening them. Sirius braces himself as she launches off the edge with a frightened cry. And everything happened at once. In a split second, he notices that her trajectory's veering to the right so he positions himself accordingly. Her height is also higher than he expected so he takes two steps back. Then she is in his arms. He wraps his arms around her back and waist as she clutches at him with her arms around his neck and legs around his hips. He stumbles back, but he secures his hold on her and steadies himself. Neither of them speaks. Sirius' breaths are shallow as if he's just run a hundred meter relay. He never realised how long and wavy Mary's hair was until now… when it's basically smothering him. He reaches up to brush it away from his face. Against his chest there is a faint fluttering that he can't identify. Is it his heartbeat? After seconds of thinking about it he realises it belongs to Mary's. She's breathing heavier than he is. He can feel it coming fast and warm on his neck, where she tightly nuzzles her face. He's never noticed things like this before. It's like he's the first human on earth discovering another for the first time. He notices how tightly his arm fits around her waist, the softness of her skin against his sweat-sheened shoulder blades. She's curvaceous, he realises. And there is this hint of a sweet, but tart scent... green apples? A funny sort of painful feeling swirls in his chest and pools in his gut. Before he can even stop himself he's pressing her tighter against him. Which is strange… because Mary's his friend. "Mary?" Sirius murmurs, surprising himself when his voice comes out gentle. "All right?" Mary nods. He shivers when she starts to speak. Her voice is low and muffled, which does nothing for him except make him painfully aware of her lips grazing over the suddenly sensitive skin of his neck. In that moment he's wishing that she keeps talking for a bit longer. "What?" he says when she stops, clearing his broken voice. "That was scary," Mary says as she, finally thank God, pulls away enough that they're looking at each other. She has blue yes—intensely blue eyes, like sapphires. Sirius knows she has blue eyes, but not that they're ridiculously blue. She also has freckles, though not as many or noticeable than Lily's. He can count hers in both of his hands and they're barely visible underneath a layer of makeup. He finds himself wishing to see her fresh-faced next time to he can be sure that she really does have eight freckles spread out across her cheeks. "Not… not as scary as you thought, right?" he says. "It was," she says with wide eyes, ''it was . You have no idea. It's all fine now since you caught me, but if you hadn't and I face planted, all my worst fears would have been realised." "I… thought your worst fear was dying from that ridiculously low height." "Yeah. That would have been the death of my dignity." It isn't even funny. But Sirius laughs. His mirth is too much that he bows his head and presses his forehead against her collarbones. She chuckles along with him. It can be the tension of the stunt… most likely it's the unspeakable thing that's now existing between them. But for now the only thing they can share is laughter. "Should I suggest you two to get a room?" Sirius stops giggling. Mary does too. They look at each other, eyes wide, and finally realise how their position must look. They scramble to separate, mumbling shy and awkward things to each other as Mary disentangles her legs from Sirius' hips, allowing him to slowly lower her on the floor. She quickly steps from him and he feels this strange loss as she returns to the piano. He can still feel her, the warmth of her skin still tingles on his palms. He turns to glare at Doe, who's smiling at him teasingly. "Good catch," Doe mumbles to him as soon as she's close. Sirius deflates, his irate expression turning to horror. She's been watching for that long? "It's not—" "Don't let that one go, eh?" Sirius opens his mouth to protest again, but Doe stops him with a wink. After dumping her things on her bag, she goes to her position. Unbelievable. He satisfies himself with glaring at the woman who is meant to be his friend before looking to the piano where Mary sits, staring at the keys. Her face is red. Is his face red? It feels like it. He stares until she looks up and they eyes meet. Her face becomes redder, but she nods at him and straightens her back. She's not looking at him anymore. Doe's not looking at him. No one is looking any anybody. Sirius shakes his head and puts the platform back before going to Doe's side. What happened is still fresh in his mind. He wants nothing more than to go right now and run to a place where he can think about this whole new information that he somehow just stumbled upon out of nowhere instead of seeing it coming from a mile away. He sighs and poses. Break is over. Back to practice.