would come home with flowers apologizing for whatever it was that he thought he had done. In truth, she didn't deserve him, but she also knew she was the only one he could ever be completely honest with besides Ron and Hermione. There was no one else who could understand what he had gone through, so despite the wounds the war had inflicted upon the both of them, she was grateful for it. "Marry me." Ginny froze. The whisper echoed again and again in her head before she managed to pull her head from his shoulder. Harry stared at her with a blazing look in his eyes, that same look she had seen dancing in his gaze earlier. She swallowed a lump that was forming in her throat and looked hesitantly at him. "What?" she whispered. She was sure she was drunk from the wine, but she had to be sure and ask. "Marry me, Ginny," he breathed. Ginny was sure she was drunk now. She was incapable of breathing at the moment, let alone answering him. She thought her heart was going to fly out of her chest any second now. But the tears began when he kneeled to the ground and pulled a ring out of his pocket. He planned it. He had bloody planned it. "Gin, not in a million years did I ever think I'd get so lucky. There's no one else in the world that I want, no one else I need, and no one else that I could imagine spending my life with. You are everything to me and I want to spend the rest of my life showing you how much I love, want, and need you." "So," he said with a grin, knowing she hated her full name, "Ginevra Molly Weasley, will you marry me?" Nodding so hard she thought her head was going to fall right off, Harry's face lit up as he slipped the ring on her left hand. As soon as it was on her finger, she lunged at him and the two fell hard to the floor. Between the laughter and crying, she didn't know if Harry was speaking or not. She was too busy crying into his neck and hugging him with all the strength she had. Lips found lips at some point, but she felt his hands on her face beckoning her to look at him. When she finally did, she thought she was going to start crying all over again. Harry looked happier than she had ever seen him before in his life. And it was because of her. "You bloody man… got me crying and everything," Ginny muttered as she sniffed and wiped away her tears. She sat up to examine her ring and he followed in suit. Merlin, it was gorgeous! It was a simple silver band with a large, but not too flashy diamond in the center flanked on both sides by two smaller diamonds. It was something she never would have imagined on her hand, but now she couldn't see her hand without it. "Do you like the ring?" Harry asked nervously. "Like it? Harry, it's stunning! I love it! I love you," she sputtered out before kissing him again. He eagerly returned the kiss with his now fiancé and pressed his forehead to hers. "I love you too. So much," he said. Ginny moved herself to sit in his lap and he moved them back so he was leaning against the couch. She threaded her fingers over the tops of his and wrapped his arms around her. She wanted to feel him holding her so she knew this wasn't some dream she was going to wake up to. Feeling his gaze on her, Ginny turned her head and kissed him again. They couldn't get enough of each other in this moment and neither one of them cared. "Thank you, by the way," Harry said. "For what? Saying yes?" Ginny joked. He chuckled and pressed a kiss to her forehead before leaning back against the couch. "Well, yes, that helped, but I meant tonight," he said. "When I saw how happy you looked when I walked in the door and how romantic your dinner was, I decided that tonight was the perfect night." "Wait- how long have you had that ring?" Ginny almost yelled. Harry looked at her sheepishly, but smiled. "A while. I didn't want to move too fast," he said. Ginny actually let out a laugh at that one and turned so she was sitting sideways in between his legs. "You could have asked me as soon as I was of age and I would have said yes," she said. He turned red at that comment and scratched the back of his head. "Well… I was going to ask you a lot sooner, but Ron told me I should let you live your life a bit first," he admitted. "Don't get mad at him." Ginny rolled her eyes at that one and raised her eye brow at him. "Harry, when has girl advice from my brother ever actually worked out for you?" Ginny asked. He had to laugh at that one and she soon joined in. "You're right, my mistake," he chuckled. "I am happy I waited though." "Me too." "So, where do we go from here?" Harry asked. Ginny's mind went at warp speed trying to immediately figure out who they would tell first, when they should start planning their wedding, and all of the stress that would come with it. But for now, she put all of that on hold. For now, she just wanted to be with her fiancé. "The bedroom." "Are you sure? The couch is closer." As she smacked him on the head and raced back to the bedroom with Harry hot on her heels, Ginny couldn't help but think that not only did the Boy Who Lived get a happy ending to his story, but she got to be a part of it.