"Sit down please." When Regulus made no indication of sitting down, Sirius pushed him down and held him as still as he could so Madam Pomfrey could examine his face. "Stop that!" demanded Regulus, trying to wriggle out of Sirius' grasp. "I'm not a small child you have to hold down!" "Obviously you are," said Sirius, not letting go. Madam Pomfrey touched Regulus' nose and he sent her a furious glare. "It doesn't seem to be broken," she said and snapped off her rubber gloves. "Just a little bruised." Regulus jerked his head as far away from her as he could, in case she decided to touch him again. Sirius let go and Regulus jumped to his feet. "Can I go now?" "You can go," said the nurse and scribbled something on a piece of paper. Sirius followed Regulus out of the office and turned him around by the shoulders. "You got to get this under control. This is the third time this month that I've been called to McGonagall's office because of you. Mum and Dad are bound to find out soon and you know what will happen then." "They don't care," said Regulus and angrily shoved Sirius' hands off him. "And stop touching me all the bloody time! You're doing it on purpose to provoke me!" "Of course I am," sighed Sirius. "Everything everybody does is done to bother you." "Well, mind your own business!" said Regulus before turning on his heel and marching towards the front doors, eager to get home. o0o0o The Biology lesson ended just as Sirius got back. "So what's he done this time?" asked James as he, Peter and Remus emerged from the classroom. "He got into a fight over some girl touching his shoulder," said Sirius, rubbing his temples. Remus looked curiously at him. "Who did what?" "My little brother Regulus. He's... well he's a little special. Gets into trouble over small things." "He's more than a little special," James told Remus in a low voice when Sirius was further ahead. "He's bloody mental. People should have learned to stay away from him by now." Remus looked a little uncomfortable by James' choice of words. "How is he… mental? Isn't he getting any help?" "Help? He doesn't want help! Teachers have tried sending him to the school psychologist many times but that freaks him out as well. He won't cooperate. He just wants to be left alone." Remus felt sorry for the boy without having even met him. "I just think it's sad if he doesn't get help if he has a problem…" "Don't feel bad for him. He creates his own trouble. He gets violent over nothing. You heard Sirius - he just got into another fight, and I guarantee you he started it." "But why did Sirius get dragged out of class?" asked Remus. "I mean - it should be fairly easy to just give him detention if he's causing problems." "Because Sirius is the only one who can deal with him. Maybe there was something that needed done, and McGonagall keeps him updated. Hopes he can set him straight, I presume. It's a miracle he hasn't been expelled long ago. But our Headmaster is a very liberal man. He believes in giving everyone a second chance. And a third and a fourth. Also, the school board likes the Blacks' money." "I see," said Remus and looked up to watch Sirius who was strutting down the hallway and turning heads. James noticed Remus looking at Sirius. "He's handsome, yeah?" he grinned, giving Remus a nudge with his elbow. Remus blushed and quickly looked down at his shoes. "Y-yes, very," he admitted. "Well - all the birds agree with you. Half of them would give a leg and an arm to date him. Personally I don't see the attraction." "You're probably not looking hard enough," smiled Remus. Sirius and James kept talking and talking during lunch, telling Remus more about the school and the people in it. "You heard what I said about Dumbledore being very tolerant?" said James. "Just look at that lot," he said and pointed at a table at the far end of the dining hall where six gloomy looking teenagers were sitting. They all had black hair and heavy eye-makeup (two of them even black lipstick), and several of them had piercings and tattoos with morbid motifs. Remus studied the students for a moment and wondered how students were allowed to wear that kind of make-up and have piercing at such a fine school. He guessed that the Headmaster must be rather liberal about personal appearance, as James had said. "What are they? Goths?" he asked. "More like Satanists. That's what they say, anyway. Always yakking about the 'Dark Lord' and his arrival on Earth. The Anti-Christ and stuff like that. They call themselves Death-Eaters." Remus leaned a bit to the side to get a better view of the students, but quickly sat back in his seat as they turned their heads to look at him. "Best just keep your distance if you don't want trouble with them," said Sirius and snatched a chip from Peter's plate. "Does… does your brother get into trouble with that lot?" Sirius nodded. "He gets into trouble with everybody." "Hey, we're going with Sirius home after school," said James suddenly. "Wanna come? His parents are away on a business trip – as usual - so we have the house to ourselves. Well, Regulus is there, but he won't bother us. And Mrs. Harris, the cook, makes the best food in Chelsea." Remus smiled and nodded. He knew his mother would not condone of him staying out after school when he had just been ill, but he really wanted to hang out with his new friends and not seem dull by turning down the offer. Sirius flashed him a grin. "Great!" he said and slapped Remus on the back. "You could use some good food. It's like slapping a bag of bones."