finished his grandparents were looking at him proudly. "I am sorry my son this was not the kind of live you should have lead, I always knew the old coot was senile but this. Even Dumbeldore has dropped to a new low." Charlus growled. "If I could I would really hex him." He added. "Don't worry. I already have plans for him. We can't kill him right now, as much as I hate to admit it, the man has his uses. For now I will work on weakening his political influences, starting with his years of crafted reputation. Dumbledore would surely come to rue the day he decided to mess with House Potter." Harry said resolutely. "Spoken like a true black my son, add while we are on that topic is that the Black fault ring you are wearing." Dorea questioned. Harry nodded. "I am the head of House Potter, House Black and House Slytherin." Harry said showing them his rings. "Slyhterin! But that is not possible no one in the Black or Potter family line is even distinctly related to Salazar Slytherin." Charlus stated. "I believe I can answer that." Dorea cut in. "I have studied the Slytherin line. You see few people really know the truth about him, people believe him to be the dark evil wizard who hates muggleborns. That is not true. He didn't hate them. On the contrary he wanted to protect them. In those days witches and wizards were considered as creatures of hell, any person discovered, with the ability to perform magic was instantly imprisoned or killed. That was one of the main reasons the founders constructed Hogwarts, to protect the magicals." She was cut short by an irritated Charlus, "We get it, but what does it have to do with the boy being the heir?" "I am getting to it." Dorea snapped. "Anyways where was I, yes after they built Hogwarts the founders went their separate ways. But out of all of them only Salazar stayed behind to teach the students. The man had never married, so as such he had no children of his own, out of loneliness he adopted a boy, Marcus, and although Marcus himself was a pure blood, his parents had been burnt alive by the muggle folk of his village. Marcus was always hostile towards all muggleborn students. Overtime as his hatred grew, so did his arrogance, he thought that every muggle was beneath him." "Salazar although always suspicious of his son, was blinded by his love, till one day he caught Marcus attacking a bunch of students, intending to molest them. Salazar was so angry that he immediately kicked him out of Hogwarts. After that, Salazar mostly kept to himself, never taking to anyone, always reminiscing. It was during those days that he met his love, Marie Evanaseque; she was a brilliant student, kind hearted, loyal and compassionate." "After her graduation she came back for her apprenticeship under Salazar. She was several years younger than him, but that didn't stop them from eventually falling in love. In secrecy, a relationship was formed between them, knowing very well that the society won't accept such things. They married in secret and had a girl, the mother however, died in childbirth. The child was named Anthea Evanaseque. This is a closely guarded secret of the Slytherin line." "The Evanseque have changed their name several times in the past years the last being Evans, but the line only ever had girl child and since only a boy can claim the family's inheritance, they were never able to lay claim on the Slytherin line. Discarded and forgotten the line endured through the ages. Waiting, waiting for the one who would help them achieve their rightful place. Alas there day never came, until now Harry. " "Your mother as everyone believes was not a muggleborn witch Harry. She was a pureblood, a descendant of Salazar Slytherin. And now as the Head of House Slytherin it is your duty, my son to restore the line to its once former glory." Harry stumbled back his legs not able to support him and fell on one of the chairs. Closing his eyes he let everything sink in. His mother was a descendant of Salazar Slytherin. Harry tried speaking but couldn't form words. "It's okay Harry, we understand, this is a big revelation, don't worry it will go away eventually." Dorea said in a soothing voice. Harry nodded emotionally. "So, my son what are you going to do now?" Charlus asked. "I am going to train and be the version of myself, I'll prepare myself so that when snakeface ever comes back I can finish him and avenge my parents." Harry vowed. "Very good my son" Charlus said approvingly. "But don't forget to live my son, do you have a girl in your life." Harry blushed at this. "Come on grandpa, I am only eleven you can't expect me to have a girlfriend already." Charlus let out a booming laugh. "Nonsense my boy, I'll have you know I was quite the ladies man in my school days. Even when I was your age girls were just lining up to go on a date with me. You have a legacy….Owww" Charlus turned around to see Dorea twirling her wand in her hand. "And when were you going to tell this to me dear." She said slowly approaching him. "Now, now dear this isn't necessary I was just sharing my experience with Harry." Charlus stammered sweat dripping from his face. "Really let's see then, but before that. Harry why don't you go ahead and go to sleep we'll talk in the morning." Dorea said politely but the undertone left no place for arguments. "Of course, good night grandma" Harry smiled warmly at the portrait. As he exited the library he could still hear the sounds of curses being fired. Chuckling, he made his way back towards the master bedroom. His dreams, for a change filled with happy thoughts.