Draco, we cannot go back! - I know! - Then why did you tell me?! - I don't want to know. " Her breath stopped. " What?" He couldn't look at her. But he spoke anyway. Let his feelings die a glorious death was the least he could do. " I don't want to know. I...am afraid that..." Draco took a deep breath holding on to what he could. " I was afraid that my feelings would come back, if I ever spoke of them." Hermione could not get a hold of anything and fell to the ground. He thought he saw her eyes glitter. " How did this even happen? How did you kept this all those years? - I didn't. She shot him a strange look. "What? - I didn't kept it for me. Well I did, but some of my friends were aware. Blaise Zabini for example. Always a good friend, even when I wasn't. " Before she could pronounce another word he added " I kept them, but it did not stop the feelings from being there. I nurtured them for all the seven years in Hogwarts. And now that I have... Now that they are out, I don't know anymore..." He started crying without even realizing. "I don't know if I don't want to care about you, to be with you, to forget you..." Hermione was not looking at him. She murmured "Why would you? - What do you even mean here? - Why would you..." The witch took a very long breath. "Not care or not ... be with me?" They locked eyes through the tears. It was all very clumsy this world, so rough and yet so fragile. " But, why would you then, Granger?" He was trying to lock her out. " I would because I care for you Malfoy. At least I did a long time ago." Hermione put all her strength in straightening her back and looking him in the eyes. She rose, and simply stated " I had a small crush on you. Right before you opened your mouth for the first time." From his lips escaped a laugh. " Then I had to shut it down. Entirely. You were so cruel. And yet, I caught some sights of you that were strange... When you were with your parents, you seemed so at peace, and with your friends... Not all of them, but I heard Pansy and you breaking up. You were even willing to set her up with anyone she chose to help her move on. You were there when Blaise broke in tears after failing on his potions, and promising to touch a word to Snape about it. Which I have a feeling, you did eventually. Those were just small moments, but it completed the picture I had of you with such odd things... I had to know what you were made of. And I did found out. But I fell for you harder than I ever should have. So, when Ron, Harry and I left Hogwarts, it was time for me to move on. I let Ron flirt with me, and it was good to have someone's attention and unconditional love, when I thought I'd never get that from anyone. So, I let myself fell for it. Because it was easy and comfortable. Not like this." She gestured between the both of them. "It broke me anyway. You, telling me now, is just...It's insane. It's breaking me all over again." She tried to remain still, but her hands were shaking at her sides when he approached. Resting his forehead against her, she started to cry. " Hey." He said softly, trying to touch her cheeks without startling her. Seeing his agitation, she just reached for his hand and put it in the crook of her neck, settling it down. Her brown eyes were so jittery. He never saw anything like it before. "It's okay. Everything is so complicated nowadays. It just has to stay between us. In this elevator. For anytime. Our imagination our fantasy. No one can touch that." He felt her nod. Draco was grateful, still trying to keep his feet on Earth when his head was flying way above. Hermione moved her head, and considered his eyes. They were ecstatic with joy. She took his hand again and used it to steady herself, placing it on her hip. On the tip of her toe she faintly touched his lips with hers. Within a second, she had his hand in his hair. Kissing him violently, biting down on his lips. Moaning would be a good word to describe the sounds they made. She wrapped her legs around him, while he was settling her thighs in his hands. He pulled up her skirt a few inches, and she put his hand way up. More than he would have on his own. When they separated for air, lips red and faces flushed, her eyes were filled with lust, and his with desires. They both fell to the ground in the entanglement of clothes and belongings, never ending on the floor. It was three 'o'clock when someone finally showed up, alerted by people trying to get in. The elevator was put in motion again, and when the doors opened, Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy were only arriving to work, along a few others. Arriving in his office, he found her scarf with his coat. Her perfume still lingering on it. It smelled like vanilla. Very subtle yet unforgettable. He then realised that his tissue was in her possession. A flying note entered his office in a hurry. It said "My scarf against your tissue? Washed of course. Tomorrow morning, The Elevator." He knew that somewhere in his brain, a teenager was dancing and screaming, when his adult body asked him if he could handle another round. He also knew, that somewhere in the building there was a Granger witch, smiling to no end about the bloody elevator.