to think. "Why eat breakfast with her?" "Weren't you listening? I wanted Potter to know that I took her . Besides - I sat next to gossips. Soon, everyone will know that Potter loves a mudblood whore. " There was a long pause, while Severus' smirk grew. He had forgotten how easy lying was, how simple it was to say what they wanted to hear... Lucius nodded, a quick, sharp nod, and turned, walking away hand-in-hand with Narcissa. There was a short pause, before Evan Rosier and the Lestrange brothers scampered after them, leaving Bellatrix Black. The girl turned toward Severus Snape and smiled. She was beautiful, with her wild hair and her tight robes and dark eyes the aura of power she emitted. "You know... there will be an attack on Hogsmead next weekend... and either you join in, give me proof you're on the right side, or I'll tell My Lord that we have a traitor in our midst. After all..." Bellatrix unrolled her sleeve, showing Severus the Dark Mark. "I'm his most trusted. " With that, she swept away, swinging her hips seductively and laughing. Severus shuddered and ran to his Ancient Runes class. He slipped into the classroom, thanking Merlin that this class had only Ravenclaws, him, Lily, and Lupin. No Slytherins.. He sat down next to Lily, opening his mouth to tell her about the attack, when she cut him off. "I know - I see your memories, remember?" That's right - just like Sev realized that she came to class early and saved him a seat and was slightly worried about Lupin frowning at her for the entire time she was waiting for him. There was no more chances to talk, then, because the teacher came in and announced a practice test. Severus gasped, putting his hand to his side. Blood loss, magical exhaustion... This would not end well. The men, white masks, black robes, laughter and curses, surrounded him. He knew, from Lily's memories, that the Order knew where he was. That they were coming... Lily was coming. And he was damned if he let anyone hurt Lily. So he took the moment to swallow a hidden vial of pepper-up and nutrient potions... before taking a few different acids into his left hand. His aim was terrible. It didn't matter - there were so many of them, that no matter where he threw, it would hit someone. One more deep breath. He would not die on his knees, and that one breath meant he'd die on his feat, standing, a soldier, a fighter, someone to remember, because they'd be horrified that at the thought that all of them would go with him... after all, the anti-apparation wards trapped them too. Severus hauled himself to his feat, shooting a wild, wide 'inferno' to his right and throwing random bottles of acid to his left. And then he had a brain wave... right before a multitude of curses hit him and he went down again. Dimly, he heard Bellatrix' laughter, her madness ringing in his ears. But. With his last moment, he transfigured the marble floor into gasoline. It sunk into their boots and the bottoms of their robes and some even leaned down to touch it with their fingers. Fools. They thought it was oily water and laughed at him. Quietly, he whispered, just as Lestrange was yelling her 'Avada Kedavra', he whispered 'inferno' while activating the emergency portkey. Of course it wouldn't work - there was an anti-portkey ward - but if the man who put it up died before he was summoned to Lily, he'd get through. While he was spinning, he felt his side burning and bleeding, his left leg burning, his back screaming. Then he landed, saw Lily, and everything went black. Lily gasped, sitting upright. She had seen the curses fly around her, had fought back, when the air cleared... there was Sev, her own Sev, fighting tooth and nail against a... figure. It didn't matter. What mattered was the Sev was loosing, falling... merlin, she hated that nightmare. Slipping on a green nightshirt, she left the bed and wandered into the kitchen, hesitating for only a moment before floo-ing to #12 Grimmauld Place. She knew Sev would be there, talking tactics... even though it was 3. He never took care of himself, honestly, that man... Merlin, keep him safe. She didn't think to put on something more respectable than the shirt that reached to the inch above her knees and hung off one shoulder and didn't reach her elbows. It's wasn't tight, per se, just... thin. Not see through, just thin. Her hair in a mess and with tears streaming down her cheeks, Lily stumbled into the kitchen of the Head of the Order of the Phoenix, where Severus was pouring over some tactics with James Potter - "If we station troops in the Hog's Head and in Godric's Hollow..." "Sev?" Severus spun around to face his wife, taking off his robes and wrapping them around her before hugging the distraught woman. Lily clutched at Severus' shirt and sobbed and he picked her up and sat her on his lap on the couch. "What happened?" "It was... a dream, nothing - nothing Imp-important..." Lily kept crying. "Sh, love, it's clearly important if it's got you sobbing..." "Was a fight. We were all fighting the 'Eaters, and I was stuck - Petrificus Totalus - and I could see you fighting but I couldn't help you..." "Sh... You've got better reflexes and your shield is too strong to be broken by a mere petrifying spell..." "I could see you... you were fighting someone, and there was a flash of green light and you were on the ground and I couldn't reach you..." "It's Ok, Lily, I'm alive... besides, there are Green stunners and such, it doesn't mean death right away... and honestly, Lily, I'm a Slytherin - I'm cunning enough to dodge a simple spell." And that made Lily laugh.