His eyelids fluttered and then opened, exposing groggy, confused green eyes. "Professor…wha…you…" Harry looked up into Dumbledore's face, then down at his cock buried in the Headmaster's ass. "What the…?" "If you don't want this, Harry, simply say so, and I'll stop…" Dumbledore watched Harry's face intently. Harry was confused, but the tightness of Dumbledore's ass around him was intoxicating. Dumbledore shifted slightly to hold his balance, and Harry's breath hitched. He thrust involuntarily up into Dumbledore's ass. The headmaster groaned, his eyelids flickering closed. Harry couldn't help the small grin that spread across his face. He moved his hips again, pushing his dick deeper into his professor. The older man inhaled sharply and gripped his own hard dick with one hand. What the hell… Harry held on to Dumbledore's thighs and began to fuck up into his ass. Dumbledore placed both hands on the rocky ground behind him for support as Harry began to slam into him. He was surprised by the boy's vigor. It was a wonder he didn't have any pregnant young witches wandering around his school. Then again, maybe he did, and just wasn't aware…he should talk to Madame Pomfrey about it… Harry's cock hit Dumbledore's prostate, bringing him firmly back to the present. "Fuck!" He cried out. Harry's eyebrows shot up in surprise. He didn't think he'd ever heard the man swear before. But now Dumbledore grunted and groaned with every thrust, shoving himself down hard on Harry's dick. His hard cock bounced in the air, slapping Harry's chest. Harry wrapped a hand around it and stroked it, towards his own face. He suddenly got an idea. He raised his knees towards the roof of the cave and Dumbledor's cock shifted closer to Harry's face. "Professor…hold yourself up on my knees…" he said breathlessly. Dumbledore pursed his lips, intrigued, and obeyed. Harry propped himself up on his elbows. Perfect . He opened his mouth and sucked Dumbledore's cock into it. Dumbledore gasped and Harry began to thrust into him again, fucking him and sucking him at the same time. Dumbledore threw his head back in pleasure. " GOD Harry!" He grunted. Harry could barely get his mouth around Dumbledore's dick, but the man began to thrust forward, impaling himself on Harry's dick before shoving his cock into Harry's mouth, again and again. Harry fucked harder and faster, more turned on than he had ever been. Despite his earlier emission, he felt the beginning of another orgasm building. "Professor," He said, letting Dumbledore's dick pop out of his mouth for a moment. "I'm going to cum…" "Me too, my boy…me too…" It was true. Dumbledore could also feel his second climax of the day coming closer. He gripped Harry's head and shoved it back down on his cock, too far gone to care that it was less than polite. He had filled the boy's ass with his cum…now he wanted to fill his stomach. Harry groaned around Dumbledore's dick, pounding as hard as he could into his ass. Dumbledore reached down and plunged his fingers into Harry's ass again, fucking in and out of his cum filled hole rapidly. That was it. Harry's body shuddered and he gripped Dumbledore's hips, locking his cock into his Headmaster's ass as he started to cum. He writhed, shoving his dick as deep as he could, filling Dumbledore's ass with his load. Dumbledore could feel the hot cum splattering inside him and he lost it too. He thrust his cock into Harry's mouth, so deep that the head slipped into his throat. Harry gagged, but Dumbledore was already cumming, shooting his jizz down Harry's gullet. Harry pulled back as the salty sweet cum filled his mouth, and the next jet hit him full in the face. Dumbledore ground himself hard on Harry's dick as his cum covered the boy's face, neck and chest. Finally, his body jerking, he collapsed to the ground. He let Harry's softening dick slip out of him, and rolled onto his back, pulling the boy with him. Harry curled into Dumbledore's chest, his cum slick skin sliding against the Headmaster's. Unabashedly, Dumbledore brought his lips down to Harry's. Surprised, but willing, Harry kissed him back, dipping his tongue into Dumbledore's mouth. Dumbledore sucked his own cum from the boy's lips, letting his hands slide down Harry's naked, sweaty back and squeeze his ass cheek. With his other hand, he tangled his fingers in the boy's dark, messy hair. He pressed his forehead against Harry's looking into his gorgeous green eyes. "You did so well, my boy…" he whispered sincerely. Harry grinned at the praise. "You made it easy, Professor. That was amazing." "I'm glad." Dumbledore smiled. "Can we…I mean, once we get back to the castle…I wouldn't mind doing more of that…" Dumbledore chuckled. "I'd be happy to oblige. Right now, though, I think we're neglecting the job e came here to do." Harry nodded and rolled to his knees. As he did, a flood of Dumbledore's cum ran out of his ass. Harry looked down in astonishment. "What the…?" Dumbledore flushed guiltily. "I…er…may have taken advantage of your relaxed state earlier…please, forgive me…" Harry blinked at him. The thought of his headmaster fucking him while he was asleep was…really, really hot. "Well I guess it's for the best," Harry nodded towards the entrance to the passageway which had closed again during their fucking. Harry reached behind himself and pressed two fingers into his own asshole, scooping up some cum. Then he leaned over Dumbledore, kissing him deeply and reaching down to slide the same fingers into his professor's asshole. Dumbledore shuddered and groaned against his lips and Harry plunged his fingers in, then pulled them out, now wet with both his own cum, and Dumbledore's. Then Harry's stood, crossed on shaky legs to the wall and smeared his cum drenched fingers across it. The wall shimmered, and then vanished. Dumbledore chuckled and stood. "Well…I had thought your essence was stronger. But maybe we're stronger together."