to her. ''People change sweetheart.'' she put her hand to Andrey's chin to make her look at her. ''Maybe they regret for their actions and wanted to get to know you.'' ''Or maybe they are feeling sad about what happened to my parents.. and the fact that I am an orphan.'' her voice was small, her eyes almost watery and she could see that her god daughter was sadder than she thought. ''Do not say that again.'' she put her hands on her small face and looked at her in the eyes. ''Do you hear me? You have me . You will always have me. Do you understand me?'' she was furious with the way she was thinking but she couldn't say anything. ''Andrey, I'll never leave.'' she promised her and she could see the features of her face relaxed. Andrey nodded and lay down on the bed. Hermione took her book to read her for a while. When she saw her eyes shut she smiled to her, and kissed her forehead. ''Mione?'' she was at the door ready to leave when she heard her. ''Yes sweetheart?'' ''Is it fine if I kind of liked them?'' she asked her at her, her voice low. ''If you feel that they are right by you, then I think it is fine.'' she told her after some time of thinking it. She smiled at her and left her room. She was thinking about the dinner too. She was feeling intimidated by Mr Malfoy, but she spend a pleasant time. They were talkable, asking her about her life, her job, she felt welcomed after a while. The only time she felt rather uncomfortable was when his eyes were on her. It was for some seconds, but it felt more. She could feel his gaze burning her skin. She was about to reach her quest room when she saw him ready to knock her door. ''Hello.'' she said softly and looked at him. ''Hello.'' he looked at her, blankly. She afraid of his sight. She didn't knew him until now, but she was sure he wasn't always like that. ''I wanted to take a book from your room, if you won't mind.'' he requested. ''My room?'' she smiled to him but his brows were frowned. She make a note to herself to never make fun of him. She looked at him for a while. Something in his eyes was giving her the urge not to leave. She didn't dare to blink, as if he would disappeared. She thought he was looking something in her eyes. She let out a breath she didn't knew she was holding. ''Shall we?'' he said putting his arms behind him, and took a step back letting her enter first. ''Where do you stay now that I conquest your room?'' she asked him as he was standing in the bookcase looking for a book to read. ''In my previous room.'' he told her and he kept searching for the book he wanted. ''I did not like it, I loathed it to be honest. That is the reason I came here.'' he told her after some minutes of silence. Rich kid's problems she thought. ''Why you didn't like your room?'' she asked innocently expecting a sarcastic answer. It took him a while to find words to explain himself. She noticed that he didn't looking for a book, but he was staring in the fire. ''I might have defaced some of it.'' he said finally and she widen her eyes. She did not expect to hear that. ''Why would you do something like that?'' she asked him softly. His expressionless features turned to anger and fear. She regret it the moment she said it. Sometimes she needed to learn more – and now, watching at him, it was some of that times. She wanted to know more about him . He was making her seek the unknown. His unknown. He was looking at her now. He seemed angry, his jaw was tight and she could see his hand turned into fist – but she wasn't afraid anymore. She took some steps closer to him. What have happened to him? He looked like a broken boy – like someone took his soul. She felt the need to hug him, to let him know that everything will be alright. She was sure he needed it. His eyes weren't leaving hers. He was looking for something. She was sure of that too. ''It was some dark times.'' he informed her and he took a step back. She noticed that his jaw wasn't tight anymore, his hands and his shoulders relaxed. She wanted to smile to him but she should let herself do that. He would thought she was making fun of him. ''I hope that passed now.'' she told him and she tried to take her eyes off him – but she didn't make it. ''I hope that too.'' he told her, his voice low, making her spine shivering. His brows frowned. He turned around wanted to leave. He opened the door but his feet stopped to her relief, she thought he was going to say something to her but he turned his head to the music box she had put on her nightstand and he waved his hand in the air, pointing at it. The music box started to play and Hermione was alone for once again, trying to caught her breath. He was different of anyone else she ever known. She felt her legs weak and she was knelt on the floor. The music box was playing for several minutes without tuning. She didn't know how but she opened her eyes after some minutes to find herself laying on the bed with only the music echoing in her ears. She was feeling cold. It's all in my head she thought as she closed her eyes to sleep – only to find out that she was dreaming about two silver grey eyes seeking at hers.