package. "Shall we see what Natalie sent?" Nodding in agreement, Harry opened the package from their cousin, smiling at the contents; a selection of Terry Pratchett novels- he'd read some of them in the local library but never managed to find the time to buy any of them for himself-, each focusing on the adventures of Rincewind, the wizard so useless he was incapable of even spelling 'wizard' correctly but who nevertheless ended up in the most ridiculous and terrifying situations with the fate of the world depending on him. Smiling at the obvious sentiment behind the gifts, Harry picked up the note and began to read it. Hi Harry! Sorry I didn't give this to you earlier, but Mum and Dad already gave the family's present to Uncle Alan and Aunt Jean and I didn't know how to explain why I wanted you to have these in particular. I couldn't believe it when I found Hedwig at my window- she's a beautiful owl; you're so lucky!-, but she seemed to want to take it, so I wrapped it up and gave it to her. It's all good here; we're just staying in England this holiday, but we've been visiting some interesting places. I've been reading those books you gave me about Wizarding history and magical theory, and it's really interesting; I can't wait until I have the chance to go to Hogwarts and learn it for myself! Hope you're all having a good time, Natalie "Good to hear from her, anyway," Hermione said, grinning over at her brother. "Yeah," Harry said, smiling over at her as he looked at the books. "I wonder what Ron would make of these…?" "It could be amusing, anyway," Hermione said, grinning back at him- both of them remembered Ron's 'Martin Miggs the Mad Muggle' comics and wondered what he'd make of novels about a man who could be the wizard equivalent- before she picked up the last parcel, looking thoughtfully at the label. "This looks like it's from Hagrid…" Reaching over, Harry removed the paper around the parcel, revealing something green and leathery that suddenly quivered and snapped at them, the dual sound alerting the siblings to the fact that there were two of whatever it was before they'd finished unwrapping it. Remembering some of Hagrid's past pets, Harry and Hermione glanced briefly at each other before Hermione grabbed the bedside lamp as Harry ripped the rest of the paper off, revealing two thick copies of what appeared to be The Monster Book of Monsters before they started attacking each other, snapping at the other in a manner that reminded Harry of clawless crabs. Stuck for anything else to do before things became too noisy, both of them practically jumped on top of the books, managing to keep a tight hold on them until they were able to pull out one of Harry's spare belts and wrap it around the books. Shoving them to the bottom of their bags- they'd worry about how to stop someone looking at it who shouldn't be later-, Harry turned his attention to Hagrid's card. Dear Harry, Happy Birthday! Think you and Hermione might find this useful for next year. Won't say no more here. Tell you when I see you. Hope you're having a good time. All the best, Hagrid "He thinks that a book that tries to bite us will be useful ?" Hermione said, looking uncertainly at Harry. "Well… we'll worry about that later," Harry said, shrugging slightly at his sister before he turned his attention to the Hogwarts letter, handing Hermione hers before opening his own. Both letters reported the standard information regarding the departure time of the Hogwarts Express and the accompanying lists of relevant reading material, but included the promising-looking bonus of a form that the Grangers could sign confirming that they would be allowed to visit the village of Hogsmeade, an all-magical community close to Hogwarts, on certain weekends. "We're going to get to go to Hogsmeade?" Hermione said, looking at Harry with a grin. "How's that for a neat addition to the curriculum?" "Should be good, anyway," Harry said, looking back at Hermione with a smile; they might be comfortable in wizarding or muggle society, but it would be fascinating to see how a purely magical village differed from what they'd seen in other places. Glancing over the attached reading list, Harry smiled slightly as he noted Monster Book of Monsters as the relevant text for Care of Magical Creatures- at least they knew why Hagrid sent them such a book now-, before he looked over at his sister's list, noting with only slight disappointment the first sign of their diverging academic futures, her Arithmancy book adding an extra line to her courseload that his didn't. It wasn't like he hadn't known it was going to happen, but seeing it printed out just made it seem more… real … that he and his sister were starting to take separate paths. Hermione had been there for him since he was six years old, the first person he'd ever met who really, truly, completely accepted him; the thought that they were approaching a time when she wouldn't always be there felt… Harry shook that thought off before it could finish. He was just being stupid, really; no matter what happened, Hermione would always be his sister, closer to him by chance than his living blood relatives had ever even tried to be, and nothing would change that. Nothing could change that; with his biological family either dead or a hideous failure, Harry only retained his original last name because he respected the memories of the parents that had originally brought him into the world. There was no other relative out there for him, and he was content with that… AN 2: Hope it was worth the wait; unless anyone has anything they REALLY want to see happen to Marge and/or Dudley before the holiday's over, we're back to Diagon Alley next chapter