before he goes back to eating. His entire table is eating merrily while everyone else stares cautiously. They, goblins included, finish quickly. "Alright, next we are going to Gringotts to get a portkey, but I got to get my stuff from the room I rented." They nod and his group waits patiently before harry comes back down the stairs and gives Tom the key back. He clears his throat stopping Harry suddenly. Harry raises an eyebrow. "Can you… make an oath that you don't plan on being a Dark Lord?" He says clearly. Many of the still watching patrons stop to listen. Pulling out his wand he places the tip over his heart. "I, Harold 'Harry' James Fleamont Potter, do hereby swear never to become a Dark Lord bent on conquest. So mote it be." Several people spit out tea and the likes, and several gape at him as he leaves with his inner group. Several of them are giggling like crazy. Harry smiles at them knowing that they are amused. Suddenly they all stop and look at Hermione. She is staring behind them at the following group of children, they are the ones from earlier, the ones who harassed Hermione. The 'ringleader', the platinum blond boy, steps forward and clears his throat. "We just want to apologize for being rude to your charge. Also, we would like to become your followers. Most people only see us snakes as dark wizards and we got to talking. We don't want to be see like that. So we figure that if we stick with you that we can help prove snakes aren't bad." The blond says with embarrassment. Harry stares at him. A few feet behind the group is a larger group of their parents. "Alright, I suppose the lot of you can be useful. However, I want to ask your parents for a favor." They turn around and motion them forwards. They step and gather around their children. "I want to start a defense club at Hogwarts that I'll be naming 'Offensive-Defensive Club' and I might nee such things as spell stones and the like. If any of you have any extra we would appreciate borrowing a few for the club. If it is a success then we will be buying the stones from you." They parents raise an eyebrow before the Platinum Blond Man, the ringleader's father, steps forward. "Spell stones the size I have are at least 100 galleons a piece. Are you sure you will be able to afford it out of your trust vault?" The others look at him before Harry grins amused. "You don't know?" He tilts his head at Harry. "I am officially emancipated, nothing can change that and I will be starting to look into investments within a week or two." They raise an eyebrow before they nod at him. "Very well, I as a Malfoy cannot disregard the fractured teaching method of defense against the dark arts. Also, out of curiosity, what do you want to do when you grow up?" He tilts his head and Harry grins widely at him with excitement. "I want to be a mediwizard. I think it is really a good job to get into and I like helping people or I wouldn't have adopted about 100 people into the house of Potter. My family has a clinic somewhere here in England and I want to reopen it and provide 'walk in' medical care at a reasonable price. Also, I used to get hurt a lot as a child and I already know a lot about first aid." Harry begins to prattle on about medics and how they save lives before Hermione pokes his shoulder causing him to look at her before he grows sheepish. "But yeah, I want to be a mediwizard when I grow up." They smile at him politely. Harry pauses as an idea comes to him. Hermione chimes up, "I know you have an idea of some sort for them so spit it out." Harry flushes with embarrassment at her amused tone of voice. More than a few of the adults grin at this and before they can bicker Malfoy Sr. Clears his throat. Turning toward them Harry sighs. "Well, I just thought about something. In the muggle world, in order to understand a certain since, such as chemistry, which is like potions but with mundane plants and animals, they have to have a sample to figure out cures for stuff, like a spider's poison. So maybe, if any of you had advanced dark spellbooks that explained the 'details' behind dark curses the mediwitches and mediwizards at Saint Mungo's might be able to find cures for such things. Albei the spells will have to be used on an animal and the animal used for the test, but chickens reproduce fast so they would be a prime testing target. So maybe you can ask the communities retired 'medimagic' users to try to find cures while giving them books. And there will need to be lots of birds with each curse, to test differences between remedies, but I think it will be worth it. Even if all the mediwizards can do is find a way to stall it that would still be a wonderful thing. Don't you think?" They group, and a few people who followed out of curiosity, are giving him appraising looks. Malfoy smirks at him. "I hadn't thought of that. And knowing the components to a curse will make it easier to cure them." Says Misses Malfoy. She nods respectfully to Harry before she nudges her husband and gently pulls Malfoy Jr. along as they make their way back into the Leaky Cauldron. Harry flushes knowing that this might be in the Newspaper tomorrow morning but he doesn't really care much. He told the truth after all. Turning around he begins hurrying to Gringotts ready to go to a manor the goblins have readied, with the help of House Elves, whatever those are.