three broomstick, feeling Voldemort's magical signature inside. It was said that Tom had tried many times to exorcise the place since so he could use the still warded village as a safe haven from the muggle world, but to no avail. The pureblood population had to live elsewhere. Not that Voldemort cared even a little bit about the statute of secrecy or wanted to hide from muggles, but he knew he could not take them on just yet. That is why he developed means to cause more massive scale destruction. A muggle airstrike or nuclear bomb would still go through notice-me-not wards and blow up everything. It was believed that Voldemort's plan was to begin his culling of muggles once he finished annexing all of Europe and "purifying" it from the "bad blood". Thankfully, he still had some years to go in Russia before he would be done. Voldemort, while being good at creating ghosts, was apparently not all that good at banishing them. Harry lifted his hand and hurled a fireball through the Inn's door. The projectile grew as it went before detonating and gutting the whole building, engulfing everything in flames. It would not kill Tom, not even close in fact, but it was an nice way to begin a duel. From the wreckage, Voldemort emerged, singed but still mostly untouched. He looked at Harry, clearly not recognizing him, and was about to talk when an unseen hand took him and hurled him through the walls of the three next houses. Harry watched, amused, as a whole wall came flying at him only to be banished before contact. Voldemort was up, and he was pissed! A number of spells headed towards Harry, but he shielded all of them. "Who are you and what are you doing here?" Asked his nemesis, his voice full of rage. He had not seen Harry in at least four years and probably hoped their last duel had done him in. "You don't recognise me, Tom? I am shocked!" Harry answered while sending lightning at his enemy. Tom had a moment of pause, before he said: "Potter, so you're not dead yet. I knew I recognized the style. After all, we've battled countless time in the past years. I thought you gave up, seeing as you're an old and battered man now" Ha, Voldemort. His taunts were almost missed. Almost, but not quite. He clearly had not seen Harry's face under his cowl, nor his gloved bony hands. Feeling Harry's attention elsewhere, Voldemort took the occasion to fire off a killing curse at him. Killing curse which Harry did not even try to defend from. He could be destroyed, but not killed by this mean anymore. Harry was about to launch into a diatribe about how Tom could not kill him anymore, but Voldemort's never gave him the chance. Panicked after his killing curse didn't do the job, he fired about sixty curses in twenty seconds flat, showing why he was a renowned duelist and a powerful wizard. Harry was blown to dust before he could begin speaking. "Fuck, that was fast. Less talking and more killing next time" A week later, Harry finished reforming his body in the pyramid, and went after Voldemort again. And again. And again. And again. Times at least fifteen times. He had begun to attack Tom's minion, managing to kill dozens of them every time they managed to bring him down once. Troop morale was at an all time low. Who could blame them? They were living a nightmare, fighting a war with an immortal enemy. "Tom, you can blow me back as many times as you want." Harry had told his enemy during one of their battle, in Italy. "You can beat me a hundred more times, but all I need is to get lucky ONCE, and all that you've achieved will be lost!" That was before eating a massive Fiendfire to the face and destroying half of Pompeii. They would probably blame it on the volcano erupting again. And then, one day, after decimating his troops and making the rest desert, Harry cornered Voldemort at the ancient siege of the ICW, in Geneva. There, a high pitched battle took place. In the end, it was said that Voldemort just gave up, completely fed up with a Harry Potter "that just wouldn't die". Harry had the graciousness to lift his cowl in a final explanation, before stabbing the homunculus's foul heart with the sword of Gryffindor and severing his head. Voldemort, while surprise, died with a laugh in his throat, the irony of the situation being too much, even for him. His arch-nemesis, Boy-who-lived, golden boy of Gryffindor, "Dumbledore's man", the Chosen One... had found what he, Tom Marvollo Riddle, heir of Slytherin, Dark Lord, had looked for all his life. He also understood all of what it meant for the now undead man. Harry Potter would never see his friends and family again. Harry, for his part, let the magical world rebuild itself. People wouldn't understand what he had become, the sacrifices he had made. If someone ever destroyed him and his phylactery, which was not likely, his soul might find the way to the next great adventure, but it might also be simply destroyed. Time would tell, maybe. Back in the pyramid, Harry sat on his stolen throne, and spoke to the empty room. "Herm... now what?" The End. Hey! Hope you liked it. It has been in my head for a while, so I just decided to write it and be done with it. A little bit of original ideas, I would say. The move with the sword vs. flail was not from me, unfortunately. The credits goes to Hemon Taurus. If you can read French, I highly suggest his work, if it's even still up on the internet. If you had fun reading this piece of nonsense, comment and subscribe, and I'll try to come back with more... eventually! All the best, Marchemort