anyway, I thought I'd just head over at the usual time." "The skin is infected. Severus, you really must take better care of yourself." Her touch was soothing, gentle, and imparted a sensation that was somewhere between a tingle and a tremor. "I usually do, but somehow, I seem to have slipped." And it's so nice to have someone else to look after me, if only for a while. Severus took Hermione's hand as it rested on the towel, and as she treated the tattoo, he memorised the touch of her skin and the softness of her grip. As she moved up to using the same solution to wash off the pigment from the upper section of the tattoo, he took the opportunity to watch her work, admiring the deft actions as she worked over the parts where the pigment had caked on. "And no scabs at this end either." "No, I found that to stop myself attacking the area that was irritated, I had to not scratch anywhere else either." "Aha!" The look of triumph in Hermione's eyes was almost terrifying. "So you admit it! You do scratch." "Only when I have an intolerable itch." At this, Severus suddenly found Hermione's hand fascinating. Either that, or he couldn't quite meet her eyes. "In fact, I seem to have developed another one. Quite a severe itch." "Oh dear." Hermione opened a drawer with her spare hand, and removed a large soft bandage. "Is there somewhere else that's become inflamed?" She released his hand, and started applying the bandage along his arm, while Severus tried very hard not to laugh. It failed, of course. Within moments, he was snickering like a teenager, and once Hermione realised what she'd said, she started laughing too. "That really was too bad of me. Severus, I apologise – your statement was rather suggestive but I honestly didn't intend that question to be so smutty." She finished the bandage and fastened the end. It covered the entire tattoo, protecting it, and felt snug against Severus's skin. He flexed his arm a couple of times, noting her skill at winding the bandage so it wouldn't slip. Then he stood, walked around the table, and lifted her from her chair so she stood in the circle of his arms. "I know you didn't, Hermione. Dear." Severus smiled down upon her, and she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down for a kiss. "Then perhaps I should do something about that itch." She kissed him again. Several hours later, Severus watched her from his bed as she pulled on a dressing gown and slippers. He had already committed the curves of her back, the softness of her breasts and the exact timbre of her orgasmic sighs to his permanent memory. "I'll be back in a moment, dear." Hermione almost skipped from the room, and Severus lay back on the pillow in a state of sublime satisfaction. For a few moments he dozed. Then, a slight irritation had him grumbling. He ran his left hand along his forearm until he reached the edge of the bandage, then gently slid a finger under the first little bit, and scratched. "Ahhh…" "Caught you." "What?" Hermione bounced back into the room and onto the bed, capturing his arm in her hands as she did. "You were scratching. I saw you." "You saw nothing. A momentary lapse. That's it." Severus pulled his forearm out of her grasp, but she pulled it back and nestled it across her thighs as she sat cross-legged beside him. "Then I'll check it and have the bandage back in a moment. Look. You've pulled it all down on this side." Hermione unwrapped the bandage slowly, looking carefully for scabs and areas of irritation. Instead, a great flaking mass of black fell out, onto the counterpane. "What the…?" "What in Merlin's name is…?" Both Hermione and Severus ran their hands through the black stuff. It felt like charcoal, only heavier, and lay in piles like perishing rubber off a bicycle tyre. It was all through the bandage, and it wasn't until Hermione had unwrapped the last part of the bandage and went to dust the substance off Severus's arm that they realised what it was. "The Mark." "The ink. It's just … fallen out of your skin." Was it one of your treatments?" Severus ran his hand up the entire forearm, feeling skin as soft and as supple as that of an English rose. "I don't think so." Hermione checked the forearm carefully. "We treated the top and bottom of the Mark differently, and the middle not at all." They carefully brushed all the pigment into the rubbish tin, then shook out the bedding. Small flakes adhered to Severus's skin until he brushed them off, but it was tedious. Obviously a little more work was required, and Hermione took his hand and led him to the bathroom. And as they stood in the shower, soaping each other and wondering at what had happened, Severus suddenly started laughing. "What's so funny, Severus?" "Oh Hermione – you were wrong." "Wrong? How?" "You crazy, wonderful witch." He reached down and kissed her hard. "It was one of your treatments. The best one." "I'm confused, Severus. Which treatment are you talking about?" "Hermione, dearest. You really don't know?" Severus could not keep the grin off his face. "You've given me the most wonderful gift of all. You've given me your love, and it's forced the ink out." "Ohhhhh." Hermione kissed him back. "Or it's the love inside you that's done it. But you're right. I do love you, Severus. And if that's what's done it, I'm glad." "Then will you keep giving it to me? Your love? Because you have all of mine." "For the rest of my life, Severus. If you think I can scratch your itch." "Always." And the last flakes of the Mark washed off his body, slid down hers, then swirled down the drain and disappeared forever.