dare you?" Snape watched as the boy's pale cheeks turned red, and for a brief moment of lack of self-control, he found it cute. "Dare what, Mr. Malfoy?" Snape said instead, toning down his words with a tired undertone that he sometimes used on whichever student had angered him at the moment. "Insult and mock me while I'm in this...state?" He had lowered his voice a bit. "Well, I know you're obviously not very happy about this situation, but it needs to be done, I assure you that. Let me tell you about the rule. I don't know why you haven't been informed about this, but for you to become a Death Eater at a very young age, your virginity needs to be sacrificed." Draco's eyes went wide with shock. "What...I...How could he know that? What if I wasn't?" Snape awarded him with pinching the bridge of his nose as he spoke, "Are you?" "Yes!" "Well, to answer your question- though it's not a good answer - he just knows." Draco grimaced and looked away as he thought that Snape was mocking him somehow. Clearing his throat, however, made Draco turn his full focus on Snape again. "Even if he couldn't, he would want to confirm it himself. Or let somebody who's reliable do it." Kicking the end of the table with one foot, the pout returned. "I still don't get what that has anything to do with my fa-" "- Be quiet! Let me explain. Since you're as young as you are, the Dark Lord wants no innocent children in his army. Your innocence is only removed when your virginity is." Draco was silent for almost five minutes, taking in what had just been said, Snape studying his face closely all the while. "Why...Um..." Draco's blush deepened. "Yes?" Snape asked, the word dripping with impatience. He just wasn't used to a stuttering Draco, a Draco who was barely able to form complete sentences. Though in his heart, he knew that the boy had a right to be upset. "Why can't anybody else..." "There were a few who volunteered, I assure you." "Really? Who might that be?" "You mean 'which ones'?" "Yes! I got you the first time, there were a few, I'm not deaf!" "Don't take that tone with me again. Well, Greyback was very eager, growling at you, but you were probably too involved in an inner dialogue, as involved then as you are now, that you didn't hear him." Snape frowned, sighed and gripped Draco's chin, making the boy focus. "You're not listening to me." "Well, excuse me! It's a lot to take in!" "As I was saying, Greyback growled in your direction." Draco shuddered and formed his mouth into a rather disgusted 'o'. And of course the Dark Lord himself, but many of them were holding back since your father was there. Lucius was very angry at the whole situation. He was clenching his fists all the way through. Once you left he said in front of everybody that you will not be touched by anyone else but him." Draco grimaced but said nothing. Snape gave him a few seconds to process before speaking again, trying in vain to choose his words carefully. "He didn't want the others to hurt you, as I'm sure they would do great damage." Of course he knew straight away this approach was wrong as Draco's eyes reduced to angry slits. "Getting this from my father isn't damaging, you say?' He took a deep breath before looking up defiantly at Snape and added: 'I'd rather have the Dark Lord, thank you!" "Foolish boy, you don't know what you're saying." "Oh, I know perfectly well what I'm saying, Sev." Now it was Draco's turn to study Snape's face, he did it with increasing curiosity too since his professor looked at him like he had greatly insulted him. Although his black eyes showed no emotion, Draco knew that he was angry, he could tell from the older man's twitchy body language. "Sev?" Snape said, almost disgusted. Despite the seriousness of what they were discussing, or maybe because of it, he found himself fighting the urge to smile nervously as he continued: "Yes, that's short for Severus." Draco said matter-of-factly. Snape couldn't help himself thinking that his name sounded very sweet coming from those lips, in that voice. Instead of encouraging the boy, he spat, "I know, Mr. Malfoy! But it's Professor to you. Only a few are allowed to call me by my first name, and lesser than that I let shorten it down to Sev, for that matter." Draco snickered and straightened his tie that had been a little curled up after Snape grabbed him earlier. Practically tearing his gaze from the boy's small hands, he snapped, "What's so funny?" When Draco didn't answer, he pinned the suddenly frightened boy to the nearest wall. "There is not much left of my patience, Mr. Malfoy. I thought that I might inform you of that if I do something stupid." "Let me go!" Almost squirming out of his grip, Snape just took a firmer one around those wrists, waiting until Draco gave up his stubborn attempts. "You don't want the Dark Lord taking your virginity, Draco. Trust me. You should feel the same contempt as you would feel if Greyback claimed you." Draco blinked a few times, calming himself down, his lips trembling slightly as he brought himself to speak to his professor who had an almost bruising grip around his wrists. He swallowed the whimper that was threateningly close to leaving his lips. "Well, I don't, I just don't want it to be my father! He doesn't seem to notice that he completely destroys what little we have together by doing this to me! Can't you..." He took deep, harsh breaths before adding the powerful sentence, "Can't you do it?" He felt himself blush even deeper, hating himself for it. He tried to search his professor's face for any emotion whatsoever, but failed.