staircase, she pushed Viola away from him, yanked at his tie pulling his head down, stood on her tiptoes and smashed her lips to his. At first James froze with surprise. Standing on the first step, he almost lost his footing and flayed his arms to regain his balance. His arms somehow fell on Lily's petite frame, and the contact jerked him to his senses. He immediately bent lower so that she would no longer have to strain her neck and snaked his arms around her waist as he began kissing her back. A faint moan escaped her lips as she let James take over. Her eyes closed, just before she saw a thousand emotions flood through his face. She was sure her own expression mirrored that of his. Her teeth grazed his lips, and his tongue lightly traced her lower lip. Lily sighed in pleasure as she finally gave herself up to him. Without breaking the kiss, he lifted her off her feet, spun them around and set her against the wall along the staircase, a few steps up, away from everyone's sight. The pressure of James body on hers was the most wonderful feeling on earth. She couldn't control herself, she kissed him with as much fervor and passion as she could muster, even as she couldn't quite breathe. His heart was hammering in is chest. he had to pull his lips away for both of them to breathe and recollect their thoughts. They couldn't just kiss, as beautiful as it was, they had to talk first. She slumped between the wall and his body, her face buried in his chest, trying to inhale and exhale evenly. His face involuntarily lowered to press his lips to her hair as he spoke in the steadiest voice he could manage with his shallow breaths, "What was that?" "I...I'm asking you", she stuttered. James heart was positively pounding now. "Asking me what?" His voice was now deeper and steadier. She closed her eyes and fisted her hands in his shirt to keep herself glued to him. A few seconds passed before she raised her head to look at him, her lips brushing his chin as she did so. The intense look in his eyes made her drop her gaze again. James sighed and began to pull away, taking her silence as yet another refusal to confess her feelings for him. As soon as she felt his warm body draw away from her, she pressed her lips to his neck, begging him to stay. He paused, and she knew she had to tell him how she felt then, or he would leave again. Since both their bodies were rigid with the tension between them, neither had moved an inch, and when she spoke her lips moved against the base of his neck. "I want you to be with me, and not with any other girl. I want you to kiss me and not kiss any other girl." Shivers ran down his spine, feeling her so close to him and listening to what she was saying. He rested his forehead against her, but she still refused to look at him. Her breath hitched as she spoke again "I'm asking you to be mine, and I want you say yes." "Why? Why now?" He mentally kicked himself for asking the question that could push her away and lose all the progress she made, but he needed to know. Lily took a deep breath and finally looked him in the eye. Her tears were once again uncontrollably streaming down her cheeks, but she didn't quiver. "Because now, it's possible I want you more than you'll ever want me." James shook his head and wiped the tears off her face with his lips. His lips moved to the corner of her lips and then across her jaw line to her ear. He threaded his hands in her fiery red hair and nipped at her earlobe, "that can't happen silly girl" he whispered. He cupped her face with both hands, stared deep into her eyes, and his face broke into a dazzling smile. Lily felt all the vulnerability drain out of her as she felt pure affection and adoration rush through her veins. As he leaned in, she met him halfway and their lips collided into another passionate kiss. His tongue lashed on to her lips, begging for entrance. She parted her lips ever so slightly to let him in. She could feel her knees weaken, and she had to clutch on to his shoulders to keep herself standing. She felt his hands wander all over her back and his lips moving down her jaw to her neck. He kissed and sucked at her pulse point and Lily was sure she would pass out in pure ecstasy. Just as he was about to lift her so she could wrap her legs around his waist, they heard someone clear their throat and they both sprang apart. "If you two want to snog like bunnies left alone in a rabbit hole, at least get to the damn hole. Don't block the ruddy staircase" smirked Sirius. Behind him, Remus and Peter were shaking with the effort they were making not to laugh and Viola was scowling at the fireplace. Lily's face turned crimson as she groaned into James' shoulder. "Bugger off, all of you". "Ah, this feels like payback for all the times you two threw me out of broom cupboards" Sirius chimed. "If I wasn't currently in a state of bliss, I'd punch some of that smugness of your face Black", she responded laughing. James was merely grinning at his friends not letting go of his hold on a Lily. "So are you still sleeping here?" Lily turned to him smiling, hoping he wouldn't hear the doubt in her voice. "Of course not, how will we continue snogging if these toerags keep interrupting us?" He took her hand and both of them all but ran to the heads' dormitory.