wish her harm –" "But if we could just teach her how to control it –" "She's three ," Draco moaned. "She can barely write her own bloody name … how are we supposed to train her to properly execute a Summoning Charm on top of that?" He was right, of course. Their secret was a deadly one to harbour; if uncovered, it was only a matter of time before their fates were written in the sky. It was too risky to assume otherwise. "What if it's permanent, though?" she breathed. "What if those shots aren't reversible? What if she just becomes a Squib with no way of ever using her magic? Her stolen magic –" "She should be so lucky to become a Squib," Draco muttered, and she heard him flip over onto his other side. Hermione exhaled heavily, about to do the same. Give up the useless conversation which she knew would take them in a million circles. "But what if –" "What if – what ?" he questioned, shifting around once more. She could tell he was sitting up then, her adjusted eyes able to make out the outline of his body next to her. "What if things change? What if our world goes back to how it was? What if we're free to practise magic without the fear of being –" "Things are getting better! You said so yourself." Bloody hell, and there was that useless hope surfacing again. "Better, but not fixed. We still can't carry wands – most of them still fear us. Fuck, we've almost been driven to extinction over the last five years. There's probably less than a hundred wizards left in Britain –" "And so, what ? We're just supposed to inject our children with some," she shivered. "Some … magic-suppressant that'll guarantee us into extinction?" "That's not what'll happen. It's in our genes. There's no erasing that …" Draco sighed, grabbing ahold of her hand. "But this is what we have to do for now. To live . And for fuck's sake, honestly, as long as I have you and Lyra … that's all that matters to me now." Gods, he was right again. Their world was so far gone from what it once was, but they still had each other. They had a life most people would be envious of – a marriage filled with love, a home of their own, and a beautiful daughter who never ceased to leave them in utter awe. At what point is that ever not enough? "We survived," he whispered so low she could barely hear. Their mantra. A motto burned into their minds so that they may never forget the glaring reality: they lived when countless others hadn't. And she was finished with feeling guilty. Feeling like if she had just done something, said something, helped someone – she could have changed everything. It was rubbish, of course. Draco would tell her time and time over that she couldn't save the world. She needed to learn to save herself first. "We survived," she echoed. So, for now, they would relish in the stillness of their quiet lives. She would appreciate the personas they had morphed into, allowing them a chance at freedom. Allowing Lyra a chance at life. Most days, Hermione actually enjoyed being an accountant for her parents' office, frequently questioning if she should pursue a career in dentistry as to one day take over the family practice. And as for Draco, thankfully, the man could sell ice to a bloody Inuit; somehow snagging a job as a sales rep for a medical supply company despite an atrociously forged CV and no prior knowledge of any items they marketed. She had complained at first, begged him to pick a less 'Muggle-knowledge' intensive job like construction or food service, but the stubborn git wouldn't hear a word of it. "And you're right," she said, biting her lip to push down the overflowing emotion. "That is all that matters." Things weren't perfect, but they never would be. She had learnt that about life. The wizarding world would either reestablish, or it wouldn't. She couldn't wave a wand and make it happen, all she could do was hope. For tonight at least, that stupid four letter word was enough. "I didn't take my pill earlier," she admitted, finding that perfect spot to lean against on his chest once more. "Seriously? On purpose?" She nodded into his warm torso, the eagerness stemming from his voice finally soothing her into contentment with the true answer. "Yes … on purpose." "Are you saying you're ready to start –" "I'm just ridding the hormones from my system," she quickly countered. "That's all … I'm sure it'll take months before anything actually happe–" But it was his lips which stopped Hermione's speech that time around, a kiss so fervent she'd later swear on Godric's grave had alone got her pregnant. "I love you." "I love you, too." A/N: Alright, yes, I know. The concept is horribly sad, and I know I left more questions unanswered than addressed. There's no true conflict resolution over their hellacious situation, but this is just meant to be more of a snapshot of their lives and how they're coping with everything. That's all. I wrote this in one day with no actual intentions of ever posting it, but the wonderful Phinoa convinced me otherwise ... So, shout out to my awesome beta who brit-picked, named, and swayed me into publishing this story. AND, on top of that, made a beautiful aesthetic to go right along with it! (URL on my profile). I can't thank you enough, love. I may write more eventually, but for right now, this is getting left as a one-shot. At least until I finish my other major multi-chapter project, Obsessed . Anyway, thank you all so much for reading! I hope you enjoyed my angst-filled Dramione story as much as I enjoyed writing it. Let me know your thoughts! :)