" No what, Malfoy? " " N-no, just.. Keep defiling me. " Draco moaned, letting his head fall back. Harry did not miss a beat, he leaned forward and began kissing and sucking on Malfoys neck. The sweet moans from Malfoy right in his ear was driving Harry mad. With one hand he tried to open the clasps on his dress robes, and just as he considered ripping the damn thing open, he felt Malfoy's hands shaking free and helping him. With the help from Malfoy, Harry threw his robes to the side, and went straight for his trousers, while Malfoy ridden him of his tie. When Harry felt Malfoy's hands roam over his chest, he could not stop himself from biting down on Malfoy's neck. The sharp gasp from Malfoy made Harry bite down again gently, before kissing and licking the bite. Malfoy was shivering beneath him, fighting the buttons on Harrys shirt. Giving up halfway, Malfoy ripped the rest of the shirt open. " Hey, I happened to like that shirt. " Harry said, biting down again. " It was not even real silk. Get over it. " Malfoy moaned, throwing the shirt aside. " Whatever. You owe me. " Before Malfoy could say anything, Harry moved his hand over the other males stomach and lower abdomen, finding the neglected erection. " Can I remove your pants? " Harry asked, letting a finger slide along the waistband, pulling down a bit. Malfoy just nodded, lifting himself a bit from the floor. Harry pulled down the pants, and took in the sight of Malfoy, sprawled naked, blushing and erect atop of his fancy dress robes. He pulled of his own trousers and pants, and went back to sucking at the other males neck. " Can I.. Can I kiss you? " Harry asked, for the first time sounding insecure. Draco did not answer him, he simply grabbed the jet black hair in front of him and pulled Potter into a kiss. And when Potters tongue slipped into his mouth, he had to stop himself from moaning into the kiss. Harry roamed his hands all over Malfoy's body, taking in the feeling of the pale, flushed skin beneath him. He placed one hand on Malfoys erection, rubbing it gently, and got a sharp pull on his hair in return. Harry moaned, and withdrew from the kiss. "F uck, Malfoy. Please touch me. " Harry whispered, before kissing Malfoy once again. Draco felt himself hesitate. He was not lying about not wanking. When he had tried to explore himself as a teenager, he had been stopped by a house-elf, and reported to his father. He was then lectured about not wasting precious pure-blood seed. Filled with shame, he had fled the office. Draco pushed the memory away, not wanting to think about his father. He carefully placed a hand on Potters hip, stroking up and down his side. Little by little, he moved his hand closer, almost sensing the heat radiating from Potter's pulsing erection. Harry gently moved his hips, aching for a touch. When he felt Malfoys hand ghosting over his erection, he moaned and thrusted his hips forward. The hand withdrew, but slowly returned. The gentle touch was driving Harry mad, and he pulled on Malfoys erection. Draco took a firmer grip, taking in the strange sensation. Feeling a bit lost about what to do, he decided to mirror Potters movements. To hide his embarrassment, he decided to kiss and suck on Potter's neck. Harry was loosing himself, he was burning up. He picked up the pace, and Malfoy followed his lead. Both men were moaning and Harry was biting his way up Malfoys neck and jaw. Harry pulled him in for a sloppy kiss, and looked into Malfoys eyes. The moment Draco got eye contact with Potter, he came. With a loud moan, he spilled his cum all over the other males chest and hand, momentarily forgetting all around him. Harry felt his body tighten as he was covered in Malfoys cum, and desperately grabbed Malfoys hand, cumming all over Malfoy. Both men fell down next to each other, slowly catching their breath. Without thinking, Harry ran his hands over the scars on Malfoy's chest. Malfoy shivered, and made small noise. " Sorry about these Malfoy. I intended to hurt you, not kill you. " " Do not worry about it. After all, you did motivate me to research new spells. " Malfoy said, not looking at Harry. Harry sat up, taking in the mess they were both in. He could hear Malfoy slowly realising the thing they just did, his breathing quickening. " I admit defeat. " Harry said, breaking the barrier. " Accio wand! " Harry easily cached his wand as it came sailing trough the air, and cast a quick cleaning charm on them both. He turned his back to Malfoy, and began dressing himself. He could hear Malfoy doing the same. " Look, I am sorry about your clothes Malfoy. Of course I will repay you, whether you want them cleaned or replaced. " " They are not important. I only ask that you will allow me to use your floo to leave. Immediately, please. " The cold had returned to Malfoy's voice, and Harry decided to just follow his command. He led them trough the castle, making sure to stay away from the main corridors on the way to Harry's small room. " Here we are. Feel free to make the connection to your Manor, I will make sure to close it again as soon as you have left. " Harry said, trying to look anywhere but at Malfoy. " I will take my leave then. I will contact you about Albus staying with Scorpio when summer vacation is closer. " Malfoy said, healing Harry's cuts before stepping into the fire. Harry closed the connection, and fell down in the chair in front of the fire. What in the world had just happened.