glared at Ginny, who took no notice of her. "Anyway, feel free to suggest songs for Harry to play but not anything we heard at the Yule Ball" Ginny continued. "That's cool! Harry Potter is our DJ. I must go see him at some point," responded Luna, thrilled. "And no, I've never been to the Yule Ball. I was too young then and at that time I don't think I would have gotten to know enough people yet. Is this supposed to be a dating party? "Not quite, Luna," replied Hermione. "This party will be more polite and it is just a reunion. I'll be dancing with Ron while Ginny will help Harry with the funky DJ set." Ron and George went to see Harry at the DJ set. George was really flattered with the songs that Harry chose and said to him, "Impressive Harry. You must have really prepared the party very well. How long did it take for you to do this?" Harry responded, "Man this was very tricky. It took me a very long time, maybe a few days, to get everything for this party ready. But I'm so glad you're rocking right now." "Fantastic! Looks like everyone would do a big group dance," George further said. As Ron and George went downstairs to dance with their girlfriends, Luna went up to the balcony. "Hey Harry, you look so cool with those controls and headphones," complimented Luna. "Luna, how wonderful it is to see you after many years," Harry welcomed Luna. "Have you been doing anything special recently?" "Hmmm, not much," said a baffled Luna. "I was just thinking about my career ideas. But I really want to discover many magical creatures just like my boyfriend Rolf Scamander likes to do and his grandfather Newt did." "That sounds very interesting," observed Harry. "Looks like that's something that can potentially change the Wizarding World. By the way, do you have any song suggestions?" Luna made her suggestions. "You should try Poison Arrow by ABC, What Can I Say by Boz Scaggs, Boogie Wonderland by Earth, Wind and Fire, Give It Up by KC and the Sunshine Band, House of Fun by Madness and Hands Up by Ottawan. These should be amazing songs to play." "You have such a great taste of dance music," approved Harry. "You've clearly thought about your favourite songs. I love playing disco and new wave music as I think they're the best genres for this event. Enjoy dancing with your mates. "Yes, I'm going to dance with all of the people I got to know," replied Luna. Shame there aren't too many Ravenclaws but that doesn't matter. You also invited the right people to come which really makes the party rock. I'm gonna show off my moves now but I'm sure you'll do fine up there. Enjoy DJing and I'll see you later." "Bye for now," said Harry as Luna went downstairs onto the dancefloor. The party was one of the most pleasant, friendliest and astonishing events that any of the wizards and witches present have been to. In fact, this proved that muggle dance music is much more enjoyable than wizard dance music and this got the wizards well out of their boredom that they encountered at Hogwarts. But what will come next after they dance for a very long time? Will they get drunk? Will new couples form? Party Playlist A-ha Take On Me The Sun Always Shines On TV Hunting High and Low I've Been Losing You Cry Wolf The Living Daylights ABBA SOS Summer Night City Does Your Mother Know Voulez-Vous Angel Eyes Gimme Gimme Gimme Super Trouper Lay All Your Love On Me ABC Poison Arrow The Look of Love Bee Gees Jive Talkin' You Should Be Dancing Stayin' Alive Night Fever Tragedy Boney M. Daddy Cool Sunny Ma Baker Belfast Rivers of Babylon Rasputin Painter Man Boz Scaggs What Can I Say Chic Dance, Dance, Dance Everybody Dance Le Freak I Want Your Love Good Times Culture Club Time Karma Chameleon It's a Miracle The War Song Depeche Mode Just Can't Get Enough See You Everything Counts People are People Master and Servant Enjoy the Silence Duran Duran Girls on Film Hungry Like the Wolf Save a Prayer Rio Is There Something I Should Know Union of the Snake New Moon on Monday The Reflex The Wild Boys A View to a Kill Notorious All She Wants Is Earth, Wind & Fire Boogie Wonderland Let's Groove Freeez I. O. U. George Benson Give Me the Night Love X Love Gloria Gaynor I Will Survive Never Can Say Goodbye Heatwave Boogie Nights John Paul Young Love Is In the Air KC and the Sunshine Band Queen of Clubs Give It Up Kool and the Gang Ladies Night Celebration Get Down On It Liquid Gold Dance Yourself Dizzy Substitute Madness Baggy Trousers House of Fun Our House The Sun and the Rain Michael Jackson Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough Rock With You Billie Jean Beat It Thriller Bad Man In the Mirror Smooth Criminal Black or White Remember the Time In the Closet Who Is It Scream Ghost You Rock My World Odyssey Native New Yorker Use It Up and Wear It Out Going Back to My Roots Inside Out Ottawan D. I. S. C. O. Hands Up Patsy Gallant From New York to L. A. Rose Royce Car Wash Sister Sledge He's the Greatest Dancer We Are Family Spandau Ballet To Cut a Long Story Short Gold Only When You Leave A Taste of Honey Boogie Oogie Oogie Tavares Heaven Must Be Missing an Angel Don't Take Away the Music Whodunit More Than a Woman The Brothers Johnson Stomp The Emotions Best of My Love The Jacksons Show You the Way to Go Blame It On the Boogie Shake Your Body Can You Feel It Walk Right Now The Pointer Sisters Slow Hand Automatic Jump Village People In The Navy More about the party will be coming soon.