was surprised by how adept Potter was at brewing Potions. "Don't look so surprised," James said, trying to sound offended, but there was a small smile adorning his lips that made her own tip upwards. "Was I that obvious?" "Just a little." He pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose to prevent them from falling further, ruffling his hair before letting his hand fall back into his lap. His sleeves were rolled up to the elbow, the heat from their cauldron making the long sleeves of his uniform feel too stifling. When she looked back up at his face, she realized that she had followed his hand throughout the entire sequence. She felt her face heat slightly. "It's not that I thought you were stupid," she quickly reassured him, trying to cover up the silence that had ensued while she was ogling his forearm. "I just didn't think you had any interest in Potions." "I don't, not really," he admitted. "I come from a family of Potion makers. Apparently one of my ancestors laid the foundations for Skele-gro and… the Pepperup Potion, actually." "That's really impressive, Potter," Lily told him, and she meant it. She knew that Potter had come from money, but she had always assumed it was some other type of pureblood business venture. "My dad invented Sleakeezy's Hair Potion; he's retired now, though." Lily burst into a laugh. "Your dad? Sleakeezy's ?" "And why is that so funny, Evans?" "James… look at your hair. There is no way you have used a drop of that in your entire life ." "Hey," he pretended to be hurt. "I'll have you know that a lot of people envy this mane." Lily burst into laughter again, but stopped when their table scooted a couple of inches, making their cauldron teeter before righting itself once more; Severus had bumped into their table as he was walking past. James had seen it also, and his face darkened. He remained seated, much to her relief, but clenched his fist and whispered, "Git," under his breath all the same. Marlene watched Lily, who was staring at James; or, more accurately, was staring at James and Amelia Bones. The Hufflepuff was laughing at something James said, leaning forward and placing a hand on his forearm in a manner that was clearly meant to be affectionate. "Something on your mind, dear?" she probed Lily. She had been friends with James for a while; their families knew one another, as many pureblood families do. They were never best friends, as kids, but once they got to Hogwarts they had forged a closer bond; even more so when they both joined the Quidditch team. "What?" Lily said, still looking at James and Amelia. "Lily, there's a maggot crawling around in your potatoes." "What?!" That got her attention. Her head whirled to her plate, her hair whipping Marlene in the face. She sputtered to get the hairs out of her mouth. "There's no maggot on your plate." "Yes, I'm aware of that, Marlene, as I have eyeballs and can clearly see that my potatoes are perfectly fine. Why would you tell me that?" "Because you were glaring so hard at Amelia Bones that I was worried you would acquire some type of heat vision that might melt her where she stands." "What—that's not—I wasn't—" Lily stuttered, trying to settle on an answer that made her sound the least guilty. "You can live in the land of denial for as long as you want, but I saw what I saw, Lil," Marlene told her, reaching for the butter to put some more on her bread. "But—" "I actually quite approve, Lily. James is my mate and I've been waiting for this day for quite some time—" "I don't like Potter," Lily stabbed her potatoes as she said this, making Marlene doubt the validity of that statement. "I mean sure, he's good-looking, but—" "Wait a minute, did I hear that correctly? You think that James Potter is good looking?" "Yes, Marlene," Lily said, frustrated. "It's the same as what you were on about with Black, earlier. I saw him without his shirt on—" "Wait, Sirius or James?" "James, and—" "Merlin, Lily, how did you not tell me about this?!" Marlene asked incredulously. "It's not a big deal, Marlene; my point is, he may be fit, but I don't like him like that ." In the midst of their conversation, James had sauntered back over to the Gryffindor table and taken a seat next to his friends. Sirius whooped and Remus high-fived him before they went back to their meals. "Amelia is a nice girl, Prongs, she's aspiring to work in the Ministry once she's done with school here," Marlene heard Remus tell him. She could tell Lily had heard, too; they both silently agreed to eavesdrop on this conversation. "Her bum's quite nice, as well," Sirius added, ducking a potato that was flung from Remus' fork into his vicinity. "It's just Hogsmeade, for now," James told his friends. "But you're right, Remus. She is nice. She's really smart, and she wants to give it a go. Why not, right?" Marlene sighed as she watched Lily look down at her plate, clutching her fork tightly. "I'm sorry, Lil." "I don't like Potter," she replied, although it sounded like she was trying to convince herself more than she was Marlene. Author's Note: So I haven't written any Jily fic in quite a while. I'm finally getting around to posting this story here - it was originally on AO3, and it is still available there. I've been having problems uploading to this site with my browser, which is why I didn't upload it here also. Anyway, I know Remus and Peter aren't in this chapter, but keep reading because I don't neglect them. The rating for this story may change to Mature if I end up writing some scenes with mature themes. Reviews and faves are my shit, so please do that!