intended on making sure this happened again. "Happy Valentine's Day Beautiful. You're even better than my fantasies." he whispered, turning his face to whisper directly into her ear. He felt her muscles contract around him and he was growing closer to his own release by the second. He dipped his head to lavish tongue kisses along the column of her throat and nibbled gently over her pulse point. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him into her as he continued to pound her with every ounce of stamina he possessed. He moved his kisses down towards her breasts and she grew louder with every lick and kiss he administered. "Fred oh Fred…. I'm so close…. Please…." she moaned loudly, bordering just shy of a scream. He lifted himself off of her into a push up stance and used his hips to slam into her wildly. She twisted the sheets between her fingers as her knuckles turned white and her mouth hung open in a slack jawed silent moan. He reached one hand down and circled her clit with the pad of his thumb firmly. She moaned again. He loved how vocal she was. Should've known she would be as much as she inserts her opinion into things. He thought to himself as his own release built. He grabbed for her breasts and kneaded them gently. Then he felt her muscles contract even faster. "Oh my MERLIN! FRED! YOU FEEL SO BLOODY GOOD! OH! OH! OH!" she screamed finally, as she finished and then collapsed back on the bed. He grinned to himself and looked down at her. "A little bit louder Love, I don't think they heard you in Surrey." he laughed as his face fell into the canyon between her breasts. He pulled out of her and rolled to lay facing her on the bed. She turned to face him too and a smile broke across her face as well. "That. Was. Amazing." she said, tracing whimsical patterns into the flesh of his chest. "YOU are amazing." he said, tucking some of her now wild curls behind her ear. She reached her face up and kissed him gently. Then she looked down. "What about you?" she said, in her concerned voice he knew so well. Her eyes fell to rest on his still solid member. "Just let me rest Love. I'll get mine next round." he said in jest. Hermione smiled and then rolled up over his right thigh. He looked down at her as she reached her hand out to stroke his length. While she lazily stroked she admired his cock. He was at least eleven inches long, circumcised with a spattering of fiery red hairs sprinkled across the base of his shaft. Her touch nearly melted him. He rested back against the pillows on the bed and his eyes became half lidded. "Great Godric, that feels bloody fantastic." he said hoarsely. She smirked up at him and then she decided to be a little bit more daring. She stretched her face upwards and licked from his base to the tip of his cock. He let out a long, slow hiss and she smiled. She lavished her tongue over the slit of his cock a few more times and he groaned. Then she swirled her tongue around the entire circumference of the head and slowly sucked him into her mouth. He moaned and grabbed for a pillow from beside him blindly. She chuckled with him in her mouth. She sucked again firmly and his hips bucked into her mouth. She laid a calming hand against his thighs. She then moved that hand to stroke him faster with a firmer grip. He covered his face in the pillow and moaned so loud the pillow didn't muffle the sound. She smirked to herself. She sucked and stroked simultaneously and he tossed the pillow across the room. His hands were twitching and she could tell he wanted to put his hand on the back of her head. She reached up her free hand and grasped his. His eyes opened and he looked down at her nervously. She met his eyes with him still in her mouth and placed his hand amidst her unruly curls. He couldn't believe what a little sex kitten was hiding between the bookish, prim and proper exterior of this little minx. Ron's barking for having let this one slip thru his fingers . He thought for about the thirtieth time that night. He gently urged her farther down and when she reached halfway she resumed her previous speed. She sucked and stroked him and he could feel his climax building. "Bloody hell Hermione, I'm getting ready to…. Ah! Hermione if you don't stop I'm…. Oh Godric… you're going to swallow aren't you?" he asked between moans and howls. The right side of her mouth tweaked into a small smile and he closed his eyes as she nodded. He let go of whatever restraint he had and he shot his load into her mouth as she sucked it down with each dying thrust he gave. He emptied the last bit of his seed down her throat and she gulped it down happily. When he fell back against the pillows she released him from her mouth and hand. She noticed sweat on his brow as his breathing became less and less labored. She crawled up his body to lay against his chest. She dug her chin into a crater of his chest and looked up at him contentedly. "Happy Valentine's Day Fred. " she whispered as she leaned up to kiss his lips delicately. His hands moved to travel delicately up and down her back. "Happy Valentine's Day Hermione. Tell me, would you want to go out to dinner in about a week or so?" he asked, looking down into her eyes. She smiled and kissed him. He pulled away. "Is that a yes?" he asked. She kissed him again and climbed into his lap. "Yes."