use your phone to call my aunt and uncle?" "Harry Potter?" the funny looking man said, his tennis-sized eyeballs growing large when he saw Harry's scar. "You are Harry Potter?" "Yes," Harry nodded. "My name is Harry Potter. I live at Number 4 Private Drive. Can I use your phone, please?" Harry watched in amazement as the man disappeared with a large cracking sound. There was a far off cracking sound deeper in the house. Harry took a step into the manor and looked around. There were high walls with taller pictures of people who all looked alike. Harry guessed they were members of the same family as he looked up at them, and for some reason Harry had a strange feeling that the pictures were looking back at him. "Harry Potter? What are you talking about elf, why would Harry Potter suddenly appear in our gardens?" a woman's voice asked followed by the sound of heels clicking on the floor. "It is true, Mistress, Harry Potter is here," the funny man's voice said. The footsteps became louder and Harry saw a thinly tall woman with pale skin, blue eyes and blond hair. She stopped when she saw Harry standing there in his dirty hand-me-down clothes, bleeding cheek, and disheveled look. "Boy, who are you?" she demanded in a rather cold voice. "M-My name is Harry Potter," Harry recited. "I live at Num—Number 4 Private Drive. Can I use your phone, please? I don't know how I got here." The lady stared at Harry, her eyes going from Harry's disheveled looks to the scar on his forehead. Her eyes narrowed. "Who are your parents?" she asked. "My parents…" "Who are your parents, boy?" the lady asked again. "James… and Lily Potter," Harry said, struggling to remember their names. The lady's narrow eyes widened a moment before narrowing again. "Potter, so it is you… why do you look so… homely?" she asked. Harry stared at her in confusion, not knowing what the word 'homely' is. Was she referring to his clothes? "These are my cousin's first," he said. "My cousin is my age but is very, very fat. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia don't buy me new clothes." "I don't know these people… must be from your mudblood side," the woman said more to herself than Harry. She stared at Harry as if contemplating what to do. She stepped closer and pulled out a stick of wood out of her pocket. It was then that Harry realized that the lady was wearing strange clothes it was like a dress that was too long. She pointed the stick at Harry and muttered, " Episkey. " Harry felt a heat on his cheek where the cut was and gasped when he found that the cut was gone! "How did you do that?" he gasped as the lady placed the piece of stick back into her pocket. "You don't know what magic is?" she said a little snobbishly. "Uncle Vernon said that there is no such thing as magic," Harry said automatically. "Of course he would, the muggle," the lady said. "Harry, what do you know of your parents?" "They died in a car crash," Harry said. "A car crash?" the lady laughed. "A car crash killed Lily and James Potter? That's ridiculous!" She laughed coldly, making Harry very angry. "Don't laugh!" He stomped, crossing his arms. That only caused the woman to laugh even more. "Mother? Why are you laughing?" a voice asked. A blond boy around Harry's age but a foot taller came walking in. "Mother, who is that?" the boy asked, his silver eyes going to Harry. "H-Hello," Harry said, relieved to see a boy his age. "My name is Harry Potter. I live—" "Harry Potter?" the boy gasped, his eyes going to Harry's scar. "Mother and Father told stories about you!" The boy walked up to Harry and stood in front of him, which only made Harry confirm that he was a foot taller than him as Harry's head only reached the boy's chest. The boy took Harry's hand and shook it. "I'm Draco Malfoy," he said. "What are you doing in my home?" "I don't know," Harry said frowning. "I was on the swing swinging, I got very high when something hit me. A rock or something that my cousin Dudley threw at me. I fell and I fell but instead of landing on the ground at the park I landed here." Draco turned from Harry to the lady. "Mother, can't Harry stay here? I always wanted to meet him." "Draco, I don't think this would be the wisest thing," the lady said. "What would your father think about this…" "Mother please? I promise we'll be good. And when Daddy comes home I will talk with him," Draco said. The lady pursed her lips but sighed. "Very well. But the three of us will require a very long talk. You know what the boy has done… what his parents had done." "I'll show him all the right things!" Draco said proudly. His hand still holding Harry's. The lady's face brightened a moment before returning to her neutral position. She nodded and turned to leave the room, waving her stick again. The door closed behind Harry but he did not have time to marvel at it as Draco pulled his hand. "Come on Harry, I'll show you to my room! It's the best place in my home." "Where are we?" Harry asked following Draco. Draco smirked. "We're home! My home: Malfoy Manor, home of the oldest family of the wizarding community." He saw Harry's confused look and smirked. "I've got so much to tell you Harry! You're going to look up at me when I'm done!" A/N: The muses sang and this story was the result of a simple "What if." "What if Harry was raised by the Malfoys? Adopted by them? Will an environment surrounded by the Dark Arts help Harry? Or will be fight against his adopted family?"