then settled back into his arms, pulling the quilt up to her neck. The feel of her body sliding against his as she found her comfortable position reminded him of what they'd been doing in the bed just a short time ago, and he felt his sleepiness disappearing as his interest was quite suddenly renewed. He almost didn't catch what she was doing with her wand, but it was hard to miss when the little silvery hare hopped joyfully around them and then sped off. "What was that?" he asked, wondering who she was sending a message to. "Oh," she said, with a yawn, "I'm just letting Hermione know that everything worked out. I'm sure she's been waiting to hear. I couldn't bear to send her anything yesterday." He pondered that for a moment. "Is she the contact at the Ministry that helped you make the request?" Luna giggled into the arm that was still around her, and twisted herself until she could look up at him. Her hair was making a wild halo around her head, courtesy of the number his hands had done on it, and he used his finger to move the loose strands from his face. "Oh no, silly. Hermione's the one that came up with the Marriage Law. Well, it was my idea, but she said it didn't sound believable when I wrote it, so she came up with all the details of the Law and the reasons for it and then had it all written on Ministry parchment." It took a moment for Neville to process what she had just said. He blinked several times, trying to follow her rambling. She continued, chatting happily, "Draco came up with the bit about the purebloods. And Harry's the one that got a Ministry official to present us with the betrothal contract." He opened his mouth to say something, but the thoughts in his head weren't making words, yet. "Oh, Harry and Ginny!" she exclaimed, and sent off another Patronus message. This time the hare seemed to giggle as it whirled around and then bounded off to its intended recipients. She looked up at him again, and arching her neck, she reached up to put a little kiss on the tip of his nose. "You're adorable when you're flummoxed." "All this time?" he asked. "They all knew?" She shrugged. "Well, if they all didn't know, they couldn't play along. And then you would have figured it out." She looked up at him a little bit shyly, taking in his still face. "Are you very angry?" He raised one of his hands, and with his fingertips, he very gently ran it down the side of her face, while he admired the play of the light across her smooth skin. She leaned into his palm and closed her eyes. "Never," he stated, knowing it couldn't be more true. "I could never be angry. I have everything I'd wanted right here. Love. Passion. A family. You give me all of those things." She smiled at him, placing a short kiss on his lips. "I think I might have been waiting for you," he whispered to her. "Like the bower birds!" Her hand came up into view, a shaft of sunlight glinting off the gold band. He hadn't really thought the shape of the birds on the ring was specific enough to identify them, but Luna seemed to be very positive. "Did you know magical bower birds mate for life?" she asked him. He shook his head, knowing she would elaborate. "The male bower birds create a home for their mate. Warm twigs and sturdy leaves and colorful berries. He makes it nice and pretty and clean and then he waits for a female to come by. And when she does, he shows her everything she could have if only she stays with him." She looked up at him a little bit slyly and added, "I think maybe some of the males make their home especially with one female in mind so that when she comes by, his bower nest is irresistible to her." He grinned into her hair as she settled her head against his shoulder again. "Well, Hermione is the one that gave the approval for the ring, so I can't take too much credit for it." She laughed, and pressed a wet kiss to his bare chest, causing that tingling sensation again throughout his body. "I know, but that's why I told her to take you to that particular shop, after all." Neville mentally added, 'More cunning than any Slytherin,' to his list of her attributes. She'd clearly gone through a lot of effort to wake him up to what was right in front of him. He had no reason to complain; none at all. So instead he set about making sure she was very well rewarded for her clearly considerable efforts. A/N: This story was inspired by a discussion in my Writers/Betas group about Marriage Law fanfictions. Normally people are very upset about being "stuck" with a Marriage Law. But there are many cultures that have arranged marriages and look forward to the marriage with hope and optimism. I had this idea about a character who wasn't fighting the law, but embracing it. And who better than sweet Neville and lovely Luna? I hope you all enjoyed this little one-shot. I don't usually write Lovebottom fanfiction, but I love these two characters. Special thanks to my betas jj24601 and artemisrose! Don't forget to read my WIP, Draco's Bad Day, which has a new chapter posting ANY DAY now. (Just waiting on H&V to approve it.) And please be sure to check out H&V's If The Prompt Fits Fest, which starts on Feb 14, 2017, and runs over two weeks. All new Dramione stories are coming out, including one from yours truly! And if you follow me on Facebook, under Maloreiy Webster, you'll be able to see the pretty banners and other aesthetics and fanart for my stories.