a few new female voices joining the game, Remus could understand why Peter might be reluctant to leave the common room. Remus felt an unexpected jolt of anxiety as he worried about whether Sirius would refuse to carry out his self-imposed dare if there was nobody in the room to witness it, but then he heard footsteps on the stairs and he felt more relieved than he would ever care to admit. He also felt like the strange tingle of anticipation was back, and he couldn't help smiling to himself. "Moony!" Sirius shouted breathlessly as he entered the dormitory, but then he lowered his voice when he saw that Remus was tucked up in bed. "You won't believe what those prats have dared me to do again …" he continued in a whisper. "I'm tired, Sirius," Remus mumbled, letting out a genuine yawn. For some reason, he still felt like he had to play along with whatever game it was that the two of them were playing. "Oh, right, yeah," Sirius replied, and Remus was certain that he caught a flicker of disappointment on Sirius's face. "Sorry, I'll just…" "What I mean is," Remus quickly interrupted him, feeling irrationally worried that Sirius really would leave the room this time without snogging him, "I'm tired, so if you need to snog me for a dare again, then you'll have to get into the bed, too, because I'm not getting up," he explained, feeling a lot braver after overhearing the conversation in the common room. He was half-convinced that Sirius wouldn't agree to it, but then… "Oh, OK!" Sirius agreed enthusiastically, casually, as though Remus had simply suggested that the two of them sit on the bed together to plan the Marauder's next big adventure. Before Remus could think about Sirius's usual reckless lack of fear, Sirius was getting into the bed with him. He practically climbed on top of Remus and settled himself between his legs, apparently nowhere near as afraid as Remus was by this new, intimate position. Remus wondered if he should have thought this through a bit more. They stared at each other uncertainly for a few seconds, but then they were snogging again, and Remus stopped thinking about anything but Sirius for a little while. " What ? Snog Evans ?" Remus heard James shout out from the common room, apparently trying the same tactic as Sirius. Remus decided that James really needed to work on his acting skills, because his 'spontaneous' dare sounded far too rehearsed. "Don't even think about it, Potter, you prat!" he heard Lily snap at him, and Remus knew that James definitely wouldn't be doing any snogging tonight. Remus couldn't help breaking the kiss to laugh at the exchange that he had just overheard. Sirius stared at him with a frown of confusion, like he hadn't heard a word of James and Lily's argument, and Remus couldn't help wondering if Sirius had been too lost in their kiss to think about anything else. This thought made Remus feel strangely smug. Then Remus decided to stop thinking so much, because he really didn't want to think right now about the fact that he only wanted to snog Sirius Black from now on; that he would make Sirius play every possible game of Truth or Dare at Hogwarts if that was the only way that he could get him to snog him… Remus pulled Sirius even closer, their lips barely breaking contact, so that it felt like they were cuddling and kissing now. The kisses got slower, but they were no less heated. It felt both soothing and exciting, to have Sirius on top of him while they kissed, and Remus planned on eventually falling asleep like this, with Sirius in his bed, lulling him to sleep with kisses... "All right, Pettigrew, get over here, you big prat!" Suddenly, Sirius stopped kissing Remus and his head jerked up, like he was listening intently. "Marlene's just agreed to a dare to snog Peter!" Sirius whispered enthusiastically with a sly smirk. "I've got to see this!" He started to disentangle himself from Remus's arms and legs, looking eager to get back to the common room, and Remus felt a horrible twist of disappointment, not only at the threat of the snogging session being over, but also at the reminder that Sirius was still very much a participant in the game of Truth of Dare, and his attention would probably soon be focused elsewhere. "S-sirius!" Remus called out desperately, frantically, just before Sirius could leave the room. Sirius's hand froze just above the door handle and he turned back to stare at Remus. "I…I dare you to stay here with me, instead of going back down there to the game." "You mean, forfeit the game?" Sirius asked him reluctantly, and Remus couldn't help feeling guilty. He didn't like being the one to stop Sirius from having fun (and Sirius had accused him of being that person many times in the past), but the idea of Sirius staying with him in the dormitory suddenly seemed much more important than a game of Truth or Dare. Sirius looked torn. He looked from Remus to the door, listening intently to Peter and Marlene's exchange, but then he looked back at Remus, and his eyes seemed to linger on him for a little bit longer. "Oh, all right, Moony," he eventually sighed. "After all, a dare's a dare, right?" he winked. "A dare's a dare," Remus repeated, as though Sirius had simply accepted the greater, or the more logical, challenge of the two options. Yet as Sirius climbed back into bed with Remus, and his lips were on Remus's again, and he even whispered, "Anything to get to snog you, Moony," in Remus's ear, sounding almost shy for a moment, as though the two of them were sharing an intimate secret, Remus couldn't help feeling like maybe, at last, the two of them had finally found the truth in the dare.