they make the laws." Maddie nodded. "Alright, well, where to now?" He pointed down the way. "Flourish and Blotts. You'll see a lot of your new classmates there. It's where everyone goes to get their books." They made their way to the shop, and Maddie was overwhelmed. She loved book stores, but this one seemed so chaotic. There were so many people within the store that it seemed like there was no way she'd be able to find what she needed for school. Kettleburn put a hand on her shoulder and pointed to a section of the store. "Most of your books will be there. I'm going to get the rest that are scattered around. If you need help, there are loads of people here that can help you. Meet me at the counter when you get everything." Maddie nodded and walked off into the direction that he pointed in. She pulled out the list of things that she needed and looked over the books. She looked around the area and saw Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling. She reached over and grabbed it. There were so many interesting titles that she was hoping that she was going to read one day. There was a book called Ancient Law . If there was any book that she would want to read, that was one of them. Magical Misdemeanors and the Modern Law seemed interesting too, but maybe that was just her law side coming out. "Mom, honestly, this is my seventh year, I can find my books on my own," Someone said behind her. "Even Charlie and Percy knows how to find their books. Why can't you just help the twins get their things and leave us be?" "Because I also have to watch over your other siblings," Another voice said. Maddie assumed it was the mother of the first voice. "Your father is at work, and it's hard to watch over all seven of you. Your brothers are first years, so I'm expecting you to help them most of all. The only new book they need is that Waffling book. It's apparently a new edition and the old one won't do." Maddie looked down at the book that she was holding. It was the book that they were looking for. There were more on the shelf, but she hated being around people when they are arguing. She turned around and held it out to the mother. "Not that I'm eavesdropping, but I heard this is the book that you're looking for," she said. "I just happened to be in front of the section." The lady had a very warm, but also cautious smile. "Thank you, dear." She took the book from Maddie. "You can't possibly work here, can you?" Maddie shook her head. "No, Ma'am. I'm going to be a first-year at Hogwarts this year." She tossed her braid over her shoulder. "I was just trying to find all of the books that I needed." The cautiousness disappeared from her smile. She looked around. "Where are your parents? Are they helping you gather up your books?" She shook her head and noticed that the mother was accompanied by six sons and one daughter, who seemed to be the youngest. "No, they are still at work. I'm here with Professor Kettleburn, though, so I'm not alone." The expression on her face changed, but Maddie couldn't figure out what emotion it was conveying. "Oh, you're a muggle-born. That makes sense now." She pointed to two of her kids who appeared to be twins. "These two will be first-years this year as well. Fred, George, make friends while I take care of your brothers." She ushered the other boys away. "Thank you again, dear. What's your name?" "Maddie," she told her before looking at the twins. They both seemed to consider this to be extremely awkward just like she did. "What house to you want to be sorted in?" George asked awkwardly. Maddie shrugged. "I don't know anything about the houses. I didn't know that any of this existed until about five hours ago." Fred grabbed another copy of the book that she had given to their mother and handed it to her. "Well, there are four of them. Our whole family has only ever been in Gryffindor, so we're pretty much guaranteed to be in that house. Really, as long as you aren't in Slytherin, then everything will be okay." Maddie smiled her thanks and raised an eyebrow. "What's wrong with Slytherin?" "Well, nothing is wrong with the house itself, but the people within it is the problem," Fred explained. "All evil wizards come from Slytherin. Not everyone in Slytherin is evil, but the biggest, evilest ones came from that house." Maddie nodded. "Oh, okay. Well, I'll try not to get into that house then." She looked back over the list of books that she needed to get. "I don't know where any of these are. I wish I had my mom to help me." The twins shrugged. "We get all of ours as hand-me-downs from our brothers. It's no surprise that we have to be frugal with our money because of the fact that there are so many of us. I feel bad for Ginny, since she's the only girl." She nodded slowly. "I'm an only child, but my parents both have some high-paying jobs in the "muggle" world." "Did they know anyone in the family that was a witch or wizard? Or are you an outlier?" One of them asked. "Apparently, my great aunt Enda was one, but I never heard of her," Maddie said while she shrugged. "I'm actually really scared about all of this. This is all so new to me, and I was on track to being the top students in my class." The one she thought was Fred put a hand on her shoulder. "When our term starts, we'll help you. I'm sure no matter what happens, you'll be back to being top of the class."