dust and instantly begins cleaning the room as both McGonagall and Shacklebolt follow him into the strange dorms. They cough at the large amount of dust and Harry simply waits patiently for Winky to clean everything perfectly like she always does. It takes her nearly five minutes alone to clean the main room before she nods to him and vanishes up the other stairs to clean some more. Sitting down on the oddly comfortable couch Harry looks at McGonagall with a small smile. "I'll be fine, McGonagall. If I need help I'll have Shacklebolt send for you. Okay?" She nods with more tears in her eyes as he stands and hugs her briefly. She turns and heads toward the exit. Looking around Harry decides to have Lucky visit him again. "Lucky!" The elf appears instantly bouncing eagerly as she offers him the finished map. Taking it from her he grins at the huge map showing all of the hidden passageways. "Lucky enchanted Master's map to activate upon a certain passcode. If master wishes Lucky can use Lucky's original to make copies for the staff without the enchantments. Oh, the passcode is 'Forward to life and beyond' as that makes sense to Lucky." The elf bows a little before waiting for instruction as both Shacklebolt and Harry notice something. "Why did you just call me 'Master' when you wouldn't a week ago?" Shacklebolt sees the elf blink as she sits up straighter. "Lucky thought Master knew? Maybe not… LOPSY!" The head elf appears ready to smack him until he points at Harry as if trying to convey something. Lopsy blinks as he looks at him before he sighs tiredly. Turning toward Lucky he gives him an instruction, "Fetch some tea and some cakes. Possibly a calming draught as well." Lucky salutes him as she vanishes rather quickly as Harry waits for her to tell him. "Lucky must be making sure master will not panic so Lopsy will not tell until master is sure he will not panic. Understood?" Harry nods, these little people are always very loving toward him and makes sure his needs are met at all costs. "Okay, that is fine. We can wait for the drinks." Just as he says it Lucky reappears with two other elves, one of them has two bottles of the potion, another has the snacks and Lucky has the tea. "Thank you, the three of you are dismissed to do as you please or to help the others in what ever they may be doing." The elves salute him before trudging towards nearby doors and heading inside probably to clean the rooms. Turning towards the drink he pours a fair portion of the potion into the first tea cup and fills the rest of it with tea before taking a few sips. He knows she will only tell him when the potion has taken effect on him. "Good, master won't react badly. Master became master when he took his inheritance. The goblins have invoked their laws giving the school back to you as the sole heir. Therefore Harry Potter Sir owns Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." Harry chugs the drink and pours him some more of both into his cup and drinks another cup. "That might be bad." He comments as Shacklebolt grabs his own glass of the potion and gulps it down gagging at the taste. "Lopsy doesn't think so. Master will be able to hire people to act in his stead such as the nice goblin, Director Ragnok. He has often helped Lopsy and gives him hints about what can be done to oust Dumbledore, he has been using compulsions on Harry sir. Here lately they have somehow been undone quickly ever since we show him to the Room of Requirement. The room doesn't like the magic being used on Harry Sir." Lopsy tilts his head waiting for a sensible response before Harry sighs deeply. Looking around Harry blinks when Minky appears once more with paper at the ready. Nodding to her respectfully he begins writing a few notes down. Stuff to do around Hogwarts as Owner… Get each student their own bedroom. Expand the library. Create a common room for inter-house relationship building. Get some adults for the homesick children to talk to and for the older children to talk off their stress to. Possibly get a few sports teams at are mandatory unless one applies for the Physical Exercise Class that needs to start. Get a few 'Sex Education' teachers in at the first of each year for the students to avoid the fallout not knowing can give them with their 'friend' of sorts. Get someone to flush out the darker creatures from the forest. Get someone to bargain with the sentient dark creatures while offering a steady supply of food or whatnot. Create a small cafe for students to get late snacks from. Let older students stay up later as they probably have trouble falling asleep so easily. Create a study club for each house and another for inter-house relations. Create a 'mentor program' for the newer students to be taught the secret passages by selected and responsible older students. Maybe four students to a mentor student. Make some rules regarding hall safety when using magic for the ordinary student. Make a self study lounge where student might practice their magic alone albeit with a watching eye in case mishaps take place. Seeing Shacklebolt look over his shoulder he shows him the list and sees him nodding. "This is genius. These rules appear to be set in rationality and look like they might all work. Though I can think of a few more things, like possibly a wandless class for those who wish to try it. The younger they start the more easy it is." He pulls his own sheet of parchment close to him and writes a few notes on what might be added. Harry sighs knowing that it might be a long day once more.