flash of hope go across his emerald eyes. "Come, time for breakfast," Severus stood up and waited for Harry to do the same. Harry sighed but stood up and followed Severus to the Great Hall for breakfast. When they arrived at the Great Hall, they sat down at the table and began to eat. Severus looked over at Harry to make sure he was eating something. Harry had a couple of sausages on his plate with syrup to dip them in. Minerva looked over at Harry and gave him a tight smile. 'Great, so they do know.' Harry thought to himself Harry looked up at all the Professors and noticed one he never saw before, he smiled at him and said a polite "Hello." Lockhart looked up and smiled at Harry, Harry smiled back again. "Oh, it's the great famous Boy-Who-Lived." Harry's smile disappeared very quickly. Severus took notice of that and wondered why. "You don't like your name?" Gilderoy asked baffled by that. Harry glared at him "Would anybody want that name if your parents died but you survived? Especially if it's your fault?! I didn't think so." "Well you're definitely not what the Daily Prophet says." Lockhart glared back at him. Harry laughed, annoyed at how little people know about him. "You have no idea." with that he stood and made his way to the Great Hall doors to go back to his common room. "Mr. Potter! Come back here. I am not done speaking with you." Gilderoy yelled after the retreating boy. Harry stopped in his tracks and slowly turned around to glare at him "I really don't like you." Severus agreed with Harry but didn't say anything. He didn't want in any more trouble with Albus. "Severus! Control your son!" Gilderoy yelled. Harry looked between Gilderoy and Severus. Was he going to get in trouble for what he said? What would the professor say? Would he be angry with him? Severus shrugged "I can't," Harry's eyebrows rose to his hairline. "Because I agree with him. I don't like you either. I thought you understood that a while ago, Lockhart." He smiled at Harry then stood up and walked with his son out of the Great Hall. "Let's go to the kitchen, Harry," Severus said. "We can eat uninterrupted." Everyone watched as father and son left the Hall. Gilderoy looking flabbergasted at what just occurred, Minerva shaking her head, and Albus quietly sipping his tea. FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF They walked to the kitchen in a awkward silence. When they sat down at the kitchen table Dobby appeared. Harry jumped at the sound of the House Elf appearing. Dobby looked at Harry and nodded his head "I's is sorry, Master Harry Potter." Harry looked so confused at that statement "Please don't call me Master Harry Potter. It makes me sound like a crypt keeper or something. It's just Harry." Severus chuckled to himself. Dobby bowed his head again "I's is sorry, Harry." Harry smiled and nodded. Dobby brightened and looked from Harry to Severus and asked in an enthusiastic voice "You's want something to eat?" Severus nodded "Yes, we would like breakfast please, Dobby." Dobby nodded and was gone in a pop. Harry eyes went wide "What was that?" Severus smiled "That, Harry, was a House Elf. One of the many that works for Hogwarts. House Elves are normally owned by a family. Dobby is but he also likes to help out here. The House Elves are the creatures that prepare our food everyday, and clean up the school." "Wow." Harry sighed Dobby came back with a pop. He was carrying three trays, one in each hand and the other was amazingly on top of his head. Harry wondered if maybe someday he could carry something on his head. Dobby sat the three trays down at the table and bowed then left with a pop. Harry looked at the three trays, one was filled with sausages, eggs, and pancakes. The other was Pumpkin juice, and hot tea for Severus. The third tray had buttered toast with jelly in little containers on the side. Severus and Harry started filling their plates and ate. After they were all done eating Severus turned to Harry. "Harry, I have a question." Severus said Harry looked up at his father while he sipped his juice. "You don't actually blame yourself for your mother's and James' death do you?" Severus asked "You do realize that wasn't your fault." Harry looked up at him and cocked his head to the side "It wasn't?" Severus' jaw dropped "No, child, it's not. Where did you hear that it was?" Harry just looked away. "They lied about everything." "Who?" Severus asked. "My relatives." Harry's breathing became more shallow. Severus looked at Harry "What did your relatives lie to you about?" Severus asked Harry finally looked at him "Everything! They said my parents died in a car crash then. When I finally found out that wasn't really what happened, they said if I wouldn't have been born they would still be alive. Is that true or is that a lie, too? Everything has been a lie in my life. Who my father was; a lie. Who I really am is a lie. What else is a lie?" Harry had tears pooling in his emerald eyes. Severus looked at Harry and wrapped his arm around his son's shoulders "Nothing else. Harry, it's not your fault that they died." After Harry calmed down, Severus decided now would be good to talk about their new discovery. TBC A/N: I hope you've enjoyed the first chapter. If you are acquainted with this story, you know that there are several chapters that have been posted. I will post as often as I can. With this, I will not be abandoning "Unexpected Truce." I am working on that story as well. Please leave a review and let me know what you think. Many hugs and kisses to you Mandancie :) Please follow my Mandancie page on Facebook.