– I got curves, my fair features morphing into something…prettier. I became aware of the fact that boys would eye me with appreciation, that some of them would flush and stammer when they talked to me. I used it to my advantage, just as my mother had taught me too. I caught them off-guard. It was in our fourth year, at a Halloween bonfire hosted by some seventh-years out near the Quidditch pitch, that Evan kissed me. It was the first time someone had ever done that, and in an eagerness to get more of it, I kissed back. His hands roamed with nervous eagerness, one of them delving down my shirt to fumble awkwardly, while the other rested tightly on my hip. I smiled against his lips and he drew back to look at me. "Merlin, you're pretty," he said, toying with a strand of my light blonde hair. The bonfire flared behind us, making his hazel eyes burn brightly. His words made a triumphant smile cross my lips. My father Abraxas had always insisted that looks were important. My mother Elinor was constantly correcting my posture, making me stand straight and hold my head up proudly. She assured me that confidence was a weapon. People will be jealous of you, darling. With those looks, your pureblood heritage and our family's wealth…they have every reason to be. I was confident, confident of my worth. One day I would marry into a pureblood family, and by Lucius's insinuations, most like the Rosier family. I might get a job, but my academic record hardly mattered to my parents. While Lucius was pushed to get good grades, my job was to look the part, act the part, like an actress in one of the Muggle moving pictures. If I accomplished something academically it would be nice, but not particularly noteworthy to my parents or my older sibling. I tugged away from Evan without a word in reply. I tired quickly of his hands groping at me, of the heated kisses he kept trying to press to my neck. He was a nice boy, there could be no doubting that, but his desperation to touch and taste me was unappealing. Out of the two of us, I had more control, therefore I was the one in control. Yet despite being in control with Evan, I was merely the puppet and my parents were the puppeteers. Once they learned of my romantic encounter with him, they were at first thrilled – and then they pushed. Lucius was engaged to Narcissa Black, and even though I was in Hogwarts, it would be prudent to look at my prospects. That was how Dad put it, at least. I wasn't quite sure what exactly they meant. After all, I wasn't quite yet fifteen. Lucius had a more forthright attitude than my parents. He lived in London now rather than Malfoy Manor, although not with Narcissa yet. He visited on occasion, and on this particular occasion during the Christmas break that he took the opportunity to offer words of wisdom that made me burn with shame and turn bright red at what he was insinuating. "You have to keep his interest if you're going to marry him, Selene." Lucius sipped at his brandy as he gazed out the window at the gardens. "Do you have any idea how to keep someone's interest?" "No," I admitted with a shrug. I had caught Evan's interest, but I had never even thought about keeping it. "It'll take more than just some kissing and petting," Lucius said bluntly. I let my hair fall into my face to hide how red I had gone. "You have to become official. I was in a relationship with Narcissa when I was at Hogwarts. You have to give him something that you can't then give to someone else. Something special." It took me a few excruciating moments to realise that Lucius meant my virtue. If I was to sleep with Evan, it would mean giving something I couldn't then take back. Why was that something my fellow Slytherin would take seriously? This wasn't the Dark Ages. Sex wasn't required to seal a bond of marriage. It might appeal to a hormonal teenage boy like Evan, but it was something that still made me screw up my nose. "Oh, don't look like that, Selene. It's perfectly natural." "I don't care, I don't owe him my body, Lucius." My voice was cold. I wasn't an object, a special trophy that Evan had to win. I was a person, with my own desires. Evan wasn't one of those desires. I might like him, I might know he was what was good for me, but I didn't want him, not in the way Lucius was implying that I should want him. "This isn't just about you," Lucius snapped, raking a hand through his blonde hair. I noticed that he was keeping it longer than he usually did. It was almost down to his shoulders, and I thought that it ought to be trimmed. Perhaps it was because Narcissa liked it. "Do you think I got engaged to Narcissa, that I was in a relationship with her, because I love her?" I realised the awful truth then. I wasn't the only one who was a prisoner to tradition. Purebloods married purebloods, and it wasn't because they were head over heels in love, because they cared. These marriages had always been meticulously arranged by parents, and while I had assumed that it was only me this was happening to, it dawned upon me that Lucius was enduring a similar fate. "Then I'll make things official with Evan." I swallowed the lump in my throat. Evan and his fellow Slytherins could often be cruel, but never towards me. It wasn't my dislike of Evan hindering me. It was the fact that he would never be anything more than a convenience. "But that's it for now." You might control me, but I control him.