next could most definitely compare, though. It was a scream of unadulterated pain and fear. He lived to hear these sounds. It made him feel even more powerful. He was the cause of that sound. He locked his jaw firmly in place as the cub continued to scream and thrash around, desperately trying to escape. But there was no escape to be had— not unless he allowed it. It would be all too easy to just snap the cub's neck and feast. It had been far too long since he had enjoyed one so young. But no, that would not do. He needed this particular cub alive. It was the cub living after tonight that would prolong his idiot father's suffering. The cub may even come seek him out in the years to come. Wouldn't that just be the final nail in the wizard's coffin? If his only son came searching for the monster that created him, for comfort. Wanting something better than what his father could or would ever give him. The idea certainly had merit, but that would mean the cub would need to come of his own free will. A small sacrifice for long term gain. He could wait. Biting down— squeezing with a little bit more pressure— he gave the cub a good shake. The blood had started flowing from the puncture wounds, the sharp, iron tang of it seeping into his mouth. His eyes rolled back slightly in his head and he was barely holding on to his control, desperately wanting to feast on the cub; the taste of him was perfection. He allowed the blood to flow down his throat. It flowed out, over his lips, staining his muzzle, dripping into the grassy field below, soaking into the parched earth. It would never cease to amaze him, how much blood a body so small could carry. The cub continued to struggle and cry out for his parents. They had heard his screams and were standing to see what was happening. He could see the moment everything clicked into place for the wizard. Drawing his wand, he leaped off the porch and headed straight for them. You would think someone who spoke so adamantly against his kind would know there were very few spells that would have a strong enough impact to force him to let go. The cub wasn't struggling as hard anymore— his screams had died down to whimpers. Well, that just wouldn't do at all, now would it? This night needed to stand out in the wizard's mind forever. He gave another good shake, causing the cub to cry out again as his teeth ripped more of the skin on his shoulder, before loosening his hold, and unceremoniously dropping him to the ground. The cub didn't make any move to get away— the venom must already be spreading through his veins. He would be in too much pain to form coherent thoughts any longer. He probably wasn't even fully aware he had been released. As he looked up he saw the wizard approaching them slowly, apprehensively. Now that he'd let go, he knew the wizard wouldn't risk him latching back on, but it was also clear that he didn't want to misfire and accidentally hit the small boy lying on the ground Growling low in his throat, he felt his hackles rise in warning. The wizard stopped when he heard the growl— the warning. Good, he at least understood the danger he was currently in; how precarious this was, and how truly horrible this situation could end. Before the wizard could do anything to stop him, he slashed his claws down the cubs back, causing him to start screaming again, proving to his father he was at least still alive— for now anyway. He took a step back so he could better see his handy work. Three long gashes down the cubs back, glistening brightly as the red life-blood flowed, pooling beneath him. Such a waste. He had to keep reminding himself of the long term gain here. Watching the blood leave his small body, creating a darkening, beautiful pool was mesmerizing. Focus. The job is only half done. He still needed to get out of there. Not that he really thought the wizard had the skill to stop him, especially with how distraught he must surely be at this fantastic turn of events. He looked back up into the wizard's face. He was paler than what he would have naturally appeared to be in the fullness of the moonlight. The pain and fear visible, but also, the disgust. After all of this, he still hadn't learned his lesson apparently. Well, he would learn it in the coming years, or his son would learn to resent his own father. Either way, he won in the end. A stinging hex came hurdling towards him, sailing over his shoulder, just missing him. Look, like the wizard finally found some balls. Backing away from the whimpering cub, he slowly made his retreat, not breaking eye contact with the wizard who made no move to come any closer. Probably afraid of what else would happen to his precious cub if he did. He could see the tears running down the wizard's face, the obvious outward sign of pain making this victory all the sweeter. He soon found himself back amongst the trees. As he disappeared into the shadows, he watched as the wizard finally move forward, falling to his knees, cradling the small body in his arms. He could hear the anguished cries singing through the warm night air. Perfection. Only then did he turn his back on the mayhem he had left behind. He looked forward to the day his revenge would be complete; the day the cub came looking for him. When this cub came to join his pack would be the day he had finally completely crushed the soul of Lyall Lupin. The day Remus Lupin accepted what he now was: a werewolf.