of the Weird Sisters," Demi sighed. And when she got onto the platform, she set out to find the Weird Sisters group. It didn't take long, they were so huge. "Kasia!" Katriel shouted, grinning. "Hey!" The Weird Sisters group was a weird group. For one, there was all of the members of the former band there, and all of their kids. Zeno Tremlett, and two blonde twins were dancing around the group yelling "Hogwarts! Hogwarts! We're going to Hogwarts!" while seven younger kids followed them jealously. The oldest, Chairo Tremlett, looked as if he was about to silence them all, but Amy Wagtail was convincing him to calm down. Katriel Barbary, in Kasia's grade, was talking to Petra Duke and Nico Tremlett. Kasia was greeted by most of the gang. "Can I talk to you about my father?" Kasia asked Donaghan, who nodded. Kasia told him everything that happened. "Did you know?" she asked once she was finished. Donaghan snorted. "Of course! That's why I was so confused about the way you spoke about him. Where did I leave off?" "Just after you told me how my dad went and met my mother all over again," Kasia grinned, excited. "Right!" Donaghan laughed. "Now, Ramona hadn't known about magic up until now. But, your dad figured he should tell her before you started showing signs of being a witch. He told her everything. How he met her before, and then met her again. Let's just say she didn't take it well. From her point of view, their whole relationship was based on a lie. So she kicked him out and told him she never wanted to see him again. I suppose that's when she told you he died. "At this point Marv comes over to my place – this is in the middle of the night, mind you, he nearly woke the kids, and it took ages to put all three to sleep – and tells me what happened. He was breaking at the cracks. Not only did he lose Ramona, but he lost you and your sister, too. I told him to go back there and take a stand, but he insisted he would do what your mum wanted. I think he spoke to her once about it, but he respected her wishes for some stupid reason. Mental, right?" "No kidding," Kasia said with wide eyes. "So he moved to Scotland with his parents and studied magizoology. He'd always loved that, anyway." "So how should I go about meeting him?" Kasia asked. "You couldn't just reply," Donaghan mused, and then his eyes lit up excitedly, "how about you go and visit him?" "In Scotland?" Kasia gasped, thinking about it. "Out of the blue? Oh, and my grandparents would be there too..." "Bring him back," Donaghan told her, "I haven't seen the idiot in years. You going to go over the Christmas break?" She couldn't believe she was making this decision so quickly. "I-I suppose so." "Excellent," Donaghan grinned, and then looked at her fondly, "he's going to be overjoyed." With that, he went back to the group, and Kasia went to find her friends. It didn't take long; they were just getting on the train. They looked at her with anticipating expressions. "I'll tell you on the train," Kasia grinned, "move along, let's get a compartment." James stopped dead in his tracks at the sight of what was in front of him. Teddy Lupin, his hair a bright blue, was standing on the platform, kissing Victoire, who was level with him as she stood on the train. Kasia grinned, and then her grin fell as James started forward. "James, don't interrupt!" "Teddy!" James said loudly in disbelief. "What are you doing? " Victoire's skin turned a sweet shade of pink, and Teddy turned to James with a glare. "What does it look like? I'm seeing Vic off. Go away, James." James' mouth opened and closed like a goldfish as he walked back to Kasia. "That was Teddy." "Yes," Kasia replied, amused. "Snogging Victoire." "Yes." "Teddy and Victoire?" James stressed, maddened at the lack of Kasia's reaction. Fred suddenly came running up to them. "You'll never believe what I just saw!" "Teddy?" James exclaimed. "Snogging Victoire! " Fred nodded drastically. " Our Teddy!" "Snogging our Victoire!" Fred agreed, wide eyed. "Our cousin !" "I've got to tell dad." James marvelled. "I've got to tell mum ! And Albus and Lily! Be right back!" "You know, sometimes I think he's matured," Kasia mused, "but then I remember he's a thirteen year old boy." "How are you not shocked right now?" Fred demanded. "I already knew," Kasia shrugged. "You already..." Fred was speechless. He was stopped from saying more when Demi rushed up to them breathlessly. "You'll never believe it!" she squealed. "Teddy and Victoire were snogging, yes," Kasia smiled, shaking her head. Demi looked thoroughly disappointed. "Did you already see?" "I already knew," Kasia clarified. Demi gasped and hit Kasia's arm. "And you didn't tell me!" Kasia rolled her eyes. "Calm down, Demi." Demi sighed happily. "It is so sweet, though." "Here we go," Fred muttered. "You don't think it's sweet?" Demi said challengingly. Fred puffed out his chest. "I'm a man. Things aren't sweet. " "A man?" "Yes!" Demi snorted, and Fred narrowed his eyes. Finally they found and empty compartment, and James soon joined them, disappointed at his family's lack of reaction. And Kasia told them what Donaghan had said. Hello everyone! See, that didn't take long did it? If you're reading this story and you haven't read Kasia Days: It's Full Moon Again, go read it now! This chapter will make a lot more sense. Because I'm writing in a way that assumes you know what happened last time. And hello! Hope you like it! For the old readers, welcome back! This was an eventful chapter, huh? They didn't even make it to Hogwarts! And yet it's one of the longer chapters. Please review, it really doesn't take long!