His whole body felt as though it might erupt into flames at any moment, yet he still needed more. Shoving his hand between them, Draco began to stroke Potter's leaking erection, pulling even more beautifully sensual sounds from the Gryffindor. It was nearly more than he could handle, but then Potter was coming, his whole body trembling with the force of it, and Draco no longer needed to hold back. With a hoarse shout, he emptied himself into the other boy before collapsing bonelessly on top of him. It was a long moment before Draco could find the energy to move off of the Gryffindor and even longer before either of them could find the strength to do more than stare up at the stars sucking in deep panting breaths. Perhaps unsurprisingly, it was Potter who moved first, reaching lazily for his discarded clothing. "That was..." Potter whispered breathlessly, struggling back into his jeans, though he showed no other signs of the imminent departure Draco was fully expecting. "Yeah." He agreed quietly, refastening his own trousers before taking a chance and pulling the unresisting Gryffindor back into his arms. "It was." He couldn't quite hide his surprise when the other boy curled up against his side, his head pillowed on Draco's chest, but he was too tired to question it. As he drifted off to sleep, Potter still wrapped tightly in his embrace, he was vaguely aware that this had been one of the best nights of his life. Perhaps Hogwarts was over, but if this was a sign of things to come, maybe the future wouldn't be too bleak after all. ^v^ The first thing Draco became aware of when he awoke the following morning was the horrific amount of light battering at his closed eyelids. The next was the fact that he felt oddly cold despite the warm shape pressed up against him. Squinting, Draco tried to open his eyes enough to work out where he was. It took a moment but suddenly it all came hurtling back to him. His drunken walk down to the Quidditch pitch, running into Potter, the kisses, the caresses and... oh Merlin. He nearly moaned aloud as the recollected feel of thrusting into Potter's hot body sent an intense flash of desire through him. The Gryffindor was still asleep, it seemed, sprawled across him with his bare chest pressed against Draco's. He had a nearly overwhelming urge to run his fingers through Potter's hair, but he resisted, certain that waking him up would be a bad move. Instead he began shifting slightly, attempting to edge his way out from beneath the sleeping lion. He had almost managed it when Potter stirred. Draco froze immediately, holding his breath as he wondered how the Gryffindor would react upon waking up at dawn in the middle of the Quidditch pitch, cuddled up to his enemy. It took Potter a while to centre himself, giving Draco plenty of time to mentally debate whether he wanted the Gryffindor to remember what had happened or not. Of course, it made little difference what Draco wanted, which was rather fortunate in a way as he still hadn't come to any sort of decision by the time the other boy finally decided to speak. "Malfoy?" His voice was dangerously low. "Morning, Potter." Draco kept his voice light, waiting for the explosion. "What happened last night?" Draco bit back a scathing retort, keeping his voice emotionless instead. "What do you remember?" "Not a lot." Potter admitted. "What happened to my shirt?" Draco shrugged, deciding to play dumb for the moment at least. "Maybe we had a fight?" "It certainly feels like we did." Potter winced as he shifted, rolling off of Draco to lie beside him, staring up at the rapidly brightening sky. He wasn't sure what to say to that, knowing exactly why Potter ached so much this morning but worried it might spoil the fragile harmony between them if he said so. "I had the weirdest dream." Potter spoke again, sitting up and beginning to refasten the few buttons that remained attached to the front of his shirt. "Oh?" "You were there and we were..." The Gryffindor stopped mid sentence, his eyes flying to Draco's face where they focused immediately on his mouth. "...Kissing." Draco licked his lips automatically, his heart beginning to pound unevenly. Merlin but when Potter looked at him like that... "It wasn't a dream, was it?" All Draco could do was shake his head. "We...? And you...? FUCK!" The other boy got unsteadily to his feet, backing away quickly. Nearly tripping over himself in his hurry, Draco did likewise, holding out his hands to the Gryffindor. "Potter, wait..." He shook his head manically back and forth. "You bastard. I always knew you were a peverted fucker, but this...?" Draco wanted to argue back, after all, hadn't it been Potter who'd kissed him? But he couldn't seem to make his mouth work. "You're disgusting, Malfoy, and you'd better stay the hell away from me. I'm glad we're leaving school. I never EVER want to see or speak to you again." With one final venomous glare, Potter spun on his heel and stormed off towards the school. Draco watched him go until he was out of sight, then followed in his footsteps, righting his clothing on the way. He saw Potter only once after that, back in London on Platform 9 3/4. Draco had been searching for his mother through the crush of parents, students and baggage when he found his gaze caught and held by the Gryffindor. For one long moment they stared at each other and Draco watched as a host of emotions played across Potter's face. Some he recognised; confusion, hatred, anger, some he didn't, but the final expression that twisted Potter's features was a heartbreaking mix of regret and longing. At least, that's what Draco wanted to believe he saw as the Gryffindor turned away, breaking their connection and vanishing into the crowd.