like a question, Harry had only known him for a conscious total of an hour in the boy's mind. No matter what his godson thought or wanted, Sirius wanted to make sure he was safe and happy. If Arthur Weasley was who he wanted to live with or if he had something else in mind, Sirius would do his best to see it happen. But if Harry wanted to live with him? There was no question, not really. He caught the boy's wide eyes and stared into them as steadily as he could manage, "I do." He answered. He tried to sound less scattered than he thought, "If that's what you want to do. I would love to. I don't have a house yet or a job and I'm probably kind of a mess from well, everything, but if…" Harry cut him off, "I want to." He said firmly. Sirius's stare went from 'filled with conviction' to 'filled with bewilderment', "Are you… are you really sure?" Harry nodded. He definitely looked sure. What did that say about the adults in Harry's life that Sirius Black, recently of Azkaban was the kid's top choice for replacement guardian? "Okay," He said slowly, "That's what we'll do then." "Do you think that's possible, Headmaster?" Remus asked because apparently he was both going to the downer and the realistic one in all situations in any given decade. Sirius didn't bother turning to look at Dumbledore. He didn't much care for his permission now that he had Harry's. He wanted Harry to see that if Sirius was what Harry wanted then Sirius was who he was going to get, regardless of Dumbledore. Dumbledore's murmured, "I think that's the least of what the Ministry will have to give Sirius in reparation." Was still an interesting statement for him to make, though. Reparation? That could be rather fun. The thought felt like it hadn't come from him. He knew, intellectually, that it had. He knew that himself now, himself before Azkaban, and James were all separate people. Still, it was a little difficult to make himself believe it, although the distance from Azkaban helped. "I'm sure you'll want to find your own place but until you do my guest room and couch are open to the both of you." Remus offered quietly. Harry nodded and didn't look put out by that so Sirius nodded too. "I will come tomorrow morning and collect you Sirius. We'll go over things more in depth then." Dumbledore said when the silence between them stretched on a beat too long. He stood with a creak and waved his hand at Remus when the man made to get up from his perch next to Sirius. "Goodnight, my boys." Silence filled the room and held on a second too long. Then, Harry yawned. He blushed immediately and covered his mouth with a slightly mortified expression. Sirius smiled at him as gently as he could. He wished the kid knew he absolutely did not need to be embarrassed in front of him but he figured that would come with time. Time that, apparently, they now had. "You should get some more sleep." Sirius said. He glanced over at Remus, who was still perched next to him. Vaguely tired was kind of the werewolf's default look but Sirius knew the subtle levels of it enough to know that Remus was nearly as exhausted as he was. "All of us." "Let me make you up a bed, Sirius." Remus said as he pulled himself up. Sirius shook his head, "Don't worry about it. I'll curl up by the fire." It was clear that he meant as Padfoot. Harry looked a bit intrigued even if Remus didn't look pleased. Probably something Pomfrey had told him to discourage for mental health purposes or some other nonsense. He solved both problems by transforming instantly and pointedly circling his spot in front of the fire while maintaining eye contact with Remus. The other man let out a sort of chuckle that Sirius might have been able to label as fond. He heard Remus point out his bedroom to Harry in case the boy needed anything, as if Sirius wasn't sticking close on purpose. The lights dimmed with Remus' whispered spell and Sirius heard Harry slide back down into his nest of blankets on the couch. He could feel the boy's eyes on him. A good godfather would probably transform back so he could say something sage and reassuring. The minutes dragged on as the stupidity of his choice became more and more apparent. Why had he thought his presence would be in any way comforting to the kid? He was probably terrified to sleep near Sirius. He twisted his head around slowly and raised his eyes up to Harry's. Or he would have, but Harry's eyes were closed. His breathing was even and his face was relaxed. Five minutes and the boy was asleep as though a former Azkaban inmate wasn't just a few feet away. His godfather was a few feet away. The godfather that saved him from his so called Uncle and a bad case of strangulation. The godfather that escaped Azkaban to try and protect him. The thoughts sounded like James again. How long would that take to fade? He couldn't deny the way the words made him feel. Maybe it could work, having Harry live with him the way they were meant to have been. Harry, at least, seemed at ease with it. Sirius looked over his godson's sleeping face. He had to trust, that was all there was to it. If Harry was willing to try, if Remus could keep listening, if Sirius could keep fighting… they could be okay. It was beyond anything that Sirius had hoped for even yesterday. Remus listened. Dumbledore listened. I am not in Azkaban. I am with Harry. I am with Remus. Peter cannot hurt us. We will be together. We will be okay. -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Reviews and feedback are love.