laugh as she suddenly found herself being tickled by multiple pairs of small hands, whilst her husbands pinned her down to give their children better access. "Alright, Alright, I'm up, stop," she pleaded, and she sighed and took in lung-fulls of oxygen before sitting up and smiling as her children giggled. "Where are your brothers?" she asked her twin girls, seeing that they weren't with them. "Oh, they're tied up at the moment," Billie said with a smirk, whilst Charlotte sniggered. Hermione scowled at them and climbed out of bed, looking down at her daughters with a disapproving look on her face, her hands on her hips and her foot tapping. "Go and get your brothers and bring them down to the kitchen, we will have breakfast and leave for the station in two hours time, you don't want to be late on your first day of school." The girls knew this was a warning, and if they didn't listen, their mother would find some unusual way to punish them. "Okay, Mum," they chirped, jumping off the bed and running out of the room. Hermione sighed and turned to her husbands who were holding back their laughter. "Fred and George are a bad influence," she scowled, crossing her arms. They merely chuckled at her. "They are, but every family needs a mischief maker, it keeps things entertaining," Charlie grinned, standing up and kissing her, before waltzing out of the room. "I think we have more than enough entertainment around here," Hermione called and she heard Charlie's laughter, as well as Bill's, as he stood up and kissed her too. "Come on, time for breakfast," he took her by the hand and pulled her out of their bedroom and down to the kitchen, where they found their family gathered. Charlie had already gathered their other children and was making breakfast for everyone. Hermione took a seat at the table and looked around at each of her children. One year old William was sat in his high chair, clapping and giggling as four year old, Ruby, balanced a spoon on her nose. William had fiery red curls and dark blue eyes to match his father's whilst he had Hermione's long lashes and button nose. Ruby had Hermione's wild mahogany curls and Charlie's light blue eyes, along with a light smattering of freckles on her cheeks. Seven year old, Aaron sat by nine year old Michael as they whispered back and forth between themselves. Aaron having Hermione's chocolate brown eyes and mahogany hair, whilst he had Charlie's nose and mouth, whilst Michael had fiery red hair and Hermione's chocolate brown eyes, with Bill's nose and jaw. They were stealing looks at Billie and Charlotte, as they spoke amongst themselves and fiddled with their wands. The twins were now eleven years old and about to start Hogwarts for their first year, and they had grown up remarkably, becoming beautiful young girls with fiery red curls that fell to the middle of their backs, sun tanned skin and their blue eyes, being the only way to tell them apart. Billie's eyes were dark, like a deep ocean, whereas Charlotte's were more like a blue sky on a summer's day. Hermione had been up most of the night bawling her eyes out as her babies were going to school, this was a major turning point in their lives as they were now growing up and would soon be adults. Before she knew it, they would have graduated and have jobs and families of their own. Just thinking about it had her eyes welling up. She loved all of her children dearly, even if William and Ruby weren't planned, they were conceived due to the Contraception Charm failing, and even though she and her husbands had agreed beforehand that they were happy with their four children and didn't want any more, they fell in love the minute they found out she was pregnant, but it was a shock to say the least, Charlie almost fainted. They were now, well and truly outnumbered. But Hermione loved her life, she loved her husbands and she loved her children and she was happy. But if she suddenly found herself pregnant due to the Contraception Charm failing, she wouldn't complain. "What are you smiling at?" she looked up to see Charlie sitting opposite her as everyone began eating their breakfast, Charlie cutting up the food for little William. "Just something I remembered," she smiled back. "And what did you remember?" Bill asked with a raised eyebrow. "That we'll have to add in a few extra rooms and purchase a couple more chairs for the dinner table, as well as enlarging the couches in the living room." "Why?" they both asked her, looking at her in confusion. "We really need to find a more effective Contraception Charm," she said. Their forks clattered to their plates and they stared at her open mouthed. "You're pregnant?" they both whispered. She nodded. "I'm pregnant, eight weeks and I'm confident in saying, we're having twins." "YOU'RE PREGNANT!" Charlie yelled, standing and rushing to her, pulling her up from her chair and picking her up, spinning her in circles as she laughed, hearing the laughter and cries of joy from the children old enough to understand. She was put down only to be picked up by Bill. "You're pregnant," he whispered, pressing his forehead to hers, the amber in his eyes beginning to show. "I am, but I swear to Merlin, we are having no more after these two." "You said that after Aaron," he chuckled. "Well this time I mean it, bloody hell, I'm going to be a mother to eight children. We have our own Quidditch team, plus a sub," he snorted at her. "I've always wanted my own Quidditch team," Charlie grinned and she rolled her eyes. "And so we open a new chapter in our lives, once again." Molly Weasley, watch out, she was no longer the only witch with her own brood.