What was not known about the Black family is that they would beat their children into submission of a certain life style. Sirius had been told from a very young age that the only thing that was right was Slytherin. The only thing that was right was pure blood. The only thing that was right was hating Mudbloods. Everything he had ever know was twisted upside down the moment he sat on that stool with the hat on his head. When Sirius had reached the Slytherin table he wasn't sure what to do. He was a Gryffindor, after all, so the first words out of his mouth were brash and unplanned. "You bitch!" Sirius shrieked. The entirety of the hall turned to stare at the first year. Sirius' fists were clenched shut and his bottom lip was trembling. He bit his lip so it would stop. Narcissa turned around to see his trembling cousin. She smirked. "Am I? I thought I would be doing you a favor by telling your Mummy and Daddy dearest. I thought I would take that weight off your shoulders. You should be thanking me." Narcissa boasted. Sirius wanted to hurt her. He wanted to hurt her bad. "You. Had. NO right to…" Sirius stopped and tried to compose himself. Andromeda had finally made her way over to her cousin and sister. "He's right Narcissa. You shouldn't have told Uncle Orion and Aunt Walburga. However, she can't change it, Sirius. Let's get you out of here before the rumor mill starts." She whispered to the boy as she ushered him out of the hall. Once the great hall doors shut, she hugged her cousin. Sirius wasn't used to this sort of affection, especially not from her. He realized how much she had changed over the years. Sirius had felt awful. The tears were more than threatening to spill, and a couple of them leaked and rolled down his face. Andromeda guided him over to a bench and sat down. "It's all right, Siri. Let it out." She encouraged. Sirius could no longer hold back and finally let everything go. He wasn't normally the emotional type, but he couldn't stop it. He was so overwhelmed thinking about what would happen when he got home. He knew his parents would have been too furious to see him for a couple of weeks after he wrote to them. That is why he wanted to wait until right before Christmas, so he wouldn't be forced to go home. He knew what was waiting for him there. He couldn't help but cry thinking of what Narcissa had set him up for. Of course, he couldn't stop the eventual beating from happening. At least he would be able to put it off until school ended. Now he was left without that luxury. Sirius was sobbing on his cousin's shoulder. He had never done this before. Should he try to stop? Should he let go of her and stop soiling her robes? He didn't want to. He had never felt safer before in his entire life. He doesn't ever remember being hugged before. His eyes felt droopy and he wanted to take a nap. Sirius's cries had lessened and Andromeda let the hiccupping boy out of her tight grasp. When Sirius looked back, he found James and Remus sitting next to him. His cheeks turned red. "I-I'm s-sorry. I… I don't, I'm sorry." He hiccoughed again. "Are you okay, Mate? I didn't realize the howler would upset you that much. I would have taken it and hid it if I had known." James explained. Sirius smiled softly. "No, it wasn't the howler. I-I, I don't know," he turned and looked at Andy, "What happened. I'm sorry I ruined your robes, Andy. You didn't have to watch me cry, you know." He finished, he looked a lot less embarrassed than he felt. James clapped him on the back and Remus offered him some chocolate. Sirius smiled and took it. Meanwhile, Andy shook her head. "Sirius, we all need to cry sometimes. Only you haven't been allowed to since you were born. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Anyone would cry from a Howler like that. it's going to be about the same type of Howler that I'll get when my parents find out I'm dating Ted Tonks from Hufflepuff. You'll get through it, Siri." She soothed. "You're dating a Hufflepuff ," James asked incredulously. Remus rolled his eyes. "Forget him. I'm Remus, by the way." He greeted the girl. "Andromeda. But call me Andy. And yes, I am dating a Hufflepuff. There is nothing wrong with Hufflepuff's just as there is nothing wrong with any other house. I need to get to class. Can I entrust you with the protection of my favorite cousin?" she asked James and Remus. "I don't need protecting Andy. I'm fine ." Sirius proclaimed. "Says the boy who just bawled his eyes out. We'll protect him, don't you worry Andy." James assured. Andromeda smiled, gave one last squeeze to Sirius, and went on her way. James had tried to help Sirius get up and walk, but was promptly pushed away by an irritated boy. The rest of the day they decided to not go to any classes. Remus took a lot of convincing to ditch with James and Sirius, but gave in after they promised hm their chocolate frogs. They all learned something new. Remus and James leaned Sirius could be sensitive. Sirius and Remus learned that James probably had a crush on Lily Evans, and James and Sirius learned Remus could be persuaded to do almost anything with the promise of Chocolate. A/N Thre we have it! Chapter 1! The next chapter will cover Christmas through the end of the year. Hopefully, it will be up next week. I am also writing a fanfiction with NoHinny called Fixed Points. Check it out if you would like to see Harry's time at Hogwarts- the way it should have been.