widely, which was not an attractive look on her. Alice was rather gullible. Very clever, yet very gullible. "No. In your dreams, Potter" Lily said firmly, refusing to play along in the act. "As a matter of fact, I have dreamt about it." James announced to the group and everyone laughed. Except for Lily, of course. She felt a blush rising up, fortunately no one seemed to detect the pink in her cheeks. Everyone else started talking with one another, and Lily took this chance to tune herself out of the conversations. She chose to look at the scenery. Had she not been giving the outside view all her attention, she would have seen that James was staring at her with a vague look on his face. But she was looking out the window, oblivious to everything else, thus she did not detect James's eyes boring into her. "She's bloody beautiful." James thought as the wind tossed Lily's hair this way and that way. He knew that she was not happy about him being head boy. He couldn't blame her, he had annoyed her since first year. And to be fair, he couldn't help himself! He had loved her from the moment he saw her, and at that young age, boys tended to annoy the girls they took a fancy to. And when he did grow up, he had gotten so used to teasing her, that he couldn't stop. He would do anything to get the smallest attention from her, and if he got that attention by irking her, he had no reason to stop. This went on for who know how long, and when the carriage finally stopped, Lily stood up to march outside. It took a moment for James to snap out of his trance-like state and chase after her. Lily was now leading the students inside the castle, and James ran to catch up with her. He bumped into some younger students, but he did not bother to apologize. He simply wasn't the kind of person to say sorry. When he caught up with her, he let his hand gently rest on Lily's shoulder. She brushed it away. Then, he tried to snake his arm through hers. She shot him a deathly glare and her eyes seemed to say, "If you do that one more time, I'll burn you to oblivion." James obeyed her silent command. Lily didn't know why James was chasing after her. It's not that he wasn't handsome or popular, he was both. She knew that he could have dozens of other girls if he wanted. But he chose to chase her . Why? She decided to question him later. Lily and James led the students into the Great Hall. They sat down according to their houses, Lily searched for her friends in the big hall and she caught their eyes. She rushed over to them and she took the seat that her friends have saved for her, which was the seat between them. She smiled at them to express her gratitude and looked around. Everyone was staring at her chest, and Lily was about to say something about perverts when she realized they weren't staring at her breasts, but her head girl badge. Some scowled with envy, while others gave her looks of respect. Lily felt her shoulders tighten as she felt the sudden urge to sink into a small hole in the ground. She felt her cheeks getting hot, but to her relief, the headmaster started talking. Everyone shifted their attention to Dumbledore. "-and now, I presume that you are bored with my endless rambling. So there will be no need to talk any longer, since I will not be heard by many. You may all start eating." Headmaster Dumbledore finished. With a twirl of his wand, food appeared on the hundreds of plates. Lily, who did not get the chance to purchase any snacks on the train, hungrily dug into the food. When she had enough to eat, she took her wand out for a refill of her water. As she was about to utter the spell, someone pressed some ice water to her cheek. Lily flinched with surprise and she turned her head back to see the person with the water. It was James. "Need water?" He asked. Lily refused it rudely and drank Alice's water instead. Then she apologized for her lack of manners. Alice scooted a bit to the side and motioned for James to sit in her seat. He happily squished himself into the small space. Some boys at the table started a conversation with James about Quidditch. To Alice's dismay, James didn't strike a conversation with Lily. She willingly gave her seat up for James and what does he do? He talks about Quidditch. Boys were so thick-headed. She wanted Lily to see how great a guy James is. They were meant for each other! Disappointed, Alice gripped each of Lily and Samantha's hand and pulled them up. "Shall we go and settle in?" Alice suggested. She saw that Samantha had not finished eating and noodles hung limply from her mouth. "Hey, I was still eating!" Samantha complained. Alice let go of her hand so she could resume eating. Samantha sat back in her seat and gave her plate of noodles her full, unoccupied attention. While Samantha ate, Lily explained her sleeping arrangements to them. James nodded enthusiastically, confirming everything Lily had said. "So you guys sleep in the same dorms?" Alice asked. This was too juicy for her own good. Lily turned red and James confirmed it by saying yes. Lily quickly added that they slept in different rooms and started lecturing Alice about privacy and the importance of seperation when it came to people with different genders. Realizing she was rambling, Lily shut her mouth. She said goodbye to Alice and she went up to the head dorm at a tremendous speed with James at her heels. Thanks for reading and please review! :-)