of them had her as the subject. This was not what she had prepared herself for, and her fists tighten in her lap. "Well Zacharias, there are more of you than there was of Ginny Weasley, she's only got one to her name. So there's that." While Dennis shares this tidbit Marietta feels the self-satisfied smirk on Zacharias' face before she sees it. If there is anyone of his old peers that Zacharias detests, it is the youngest Weasley. "As for you Marietta..." Quick as a whip another picture is in his hands. There's bittersweet Marietta again, with her curls thick and best friend Cho Chang at her side. But this one is even younger, even more childish and naive. A gaggle of girls surround the two of them but Marietta is closest to the center of it all, Cho, as they all orbit around her. She was Jupiter, and Marietta her closest moon. No one was supposed to get between the lot of them, and no one really did. Did it count, when the severing force was already dead? The image is not still, Wendy Silverman doubles over in laughter and Marietta throws her head back in glee. They laughed at everything, they thought they knew better than the world. "Nearly all of them have got you in it," That was true enough. Either Marietta was the focus of the picture or was featuring in it, one of every three had Cho Chang in them and none so far had been of moments after the DA. A couple stood out, the coincidental photo of herself and Zacharias, on the streets of Hogsmeade having just left the Hog's Head. They are not walking with each other, Zacharias is several paces ahead and the only reason she recognizes him is because of the lamplight he is under, illuminating his blond hair and broad shoulders but otherwise lanky form as he tramps ahead stubbornly. Marietta herself is just outside of the light, and besides Hermione she was the only girl with such wild hair in that organization. Another was of Zacharias, solitary, in the Room of Requirement, it's his profile, crossed arms and rolled eyes and to anyone who'd ever been to their meetings, it was obvious what Zacharias was so perturbed about. There are only three of Zacharias, but he is never a a supporting player in any. The last is two are ones that stir frustration and humiliation within Marietta, striking her like lightning and causing her to go in to herself. Too thick foundation that colours the bumps on her face the same shade as her skin cannot stop angry red flesh from showing through. It is a moving picture. Her head flicks up, and it is only for a second in real-time but with magic infused in technology it lasts frame by frame, and Marietta does not like the girl that is reflecting back at her. She didn't really like any of them, and she knows that this is only a mirror of herself, of the woman she still was. No one changes, they can only go along with the tide. It is Zacharias that speaks out, and she knows it will always be Zacharias who does so. Her voice was scarred. "Why the bloody hell is this in your collection," It is not a shout, or particularly angry sounding but there is a threat there all the same. "What are you trying to do here, Creevey? What was the point of inviting us here? It doesn't mean anything." Dennis isn't smiling anymore. He isn't doing anything, but looking at the photo, splayed out on the table for all to see. The ugly truth, being covered up. Just like good intentions. "There's only one left," He ignores Zacharias, turning over the last one and there's Marietta sitting in the Dining Hall, her balaclava screaming out just as much what she was branded as as the marking on her face did. She does not move, there is no plate before her. Marietta never ate in front of others in her final year, Madam Pomfrey had house-elves bring up her meals for her in quiet hours of the day. Madam Pomfrey felt sorry for a girl she couldn't heal. "You weren't really treated well for what happened, Marietta. Whether Colin meant it to or not, he chronicled a lot of people's lives. One of them was yours. So, I didn't really know what I was doing when I sent you that letter, because I was looking through all these and I realized that there was a better reason for everything that you did than 'they're terrible'. That wasn't fair to you, or to your lives. I'm not going to apologize for it, I haven't done anything to you and I don't think you'd appreciate it. But so you know, you're not not a 'sneak' for eternity for being misguided and sixteen-" "and you're not a complete coward because you valued your own opportunity to grow up more than that of a single boy's life, or a school that never showed you much affection at all." "You're not the villains in the story of life. You're only people, trying to make the best of it." A/N So... I think this kinda speaks for itself, in that I adore Marietta Edgecombe and Zacharias Smith, the two most... outspoken members of the first Dumbledore's Army. While not 'controversial' characters neither of them are all that liked in fandom but... Zach's my favourite Hufflepuff, and Marietta my favourite Ravenclaw after Luna. Can't help shipping them either, honestly. And Dennis is underappreciated, so why not make a cake of cynicism and sarcasm, with cheerful icing? If any of you feel the same way, you should review to share the love or, if you hate them, still review anyway /shot (Also this is somehow the first Zachietta on this site? 0_0 AO3 has got like... six. And from what I recall, no Zennis or Detta either...)