so she had decided to make a career out of it. While the two had been less than friends at school, both had matured significantly to a point where they no longer needed to argue over guys. It definitely helped that Lavendar was seeing Ernie MacMillian, and the two were rather serious, and that both had been able to move on from the past. Despite living with the girl through school, she found that she got along much better with Lavendar now that they had both graduated and moved past everything. "I suppose you're right," Hermione sighed, standing up as she gathered her things. She knew it was getting late, and the last thing she wanted to do was have another fight about it. When she arrived home, most of the lights were off, except that of the den and kitchen. She hung up her outer robes, with her muggle clothes underneath. "Ron?" She called out, "I'm home." "Took you long enough," she heard her husband grumble out, as she spotted him seated on the couch, with Rose playing in her playpen with a set of quidditch plush toys Ginny and Harry had gotten her for her second birthday. She leaned into it, and picked up her daughter, kissing her lightly on the cheek. "Hi baby," she said softly, as Rose giggled. "Anytime you're ready, dinner isn't going to make itself," Ron said, taking a gulp of the firewhisky he had poured for himself. "I got a promotion at work today," she said, ignoring him for a moment, knowing that it would probably lead to another argument about her lack of priorities, but she had worked hard for it, and she was proud of herself. And if she didn't tell him, someone else would. "I'm glad you're moving up in the world," Ron said, "Instead of making sure your family is well fed and cared for." "You were more than capable of making dinner," she said, repeating the stance she had on the matter. "It wouldn't have killed you to have made something if you were so hungry." "It's not my job to," he said, as he grew annoyed. And it was the same argument they always had. Her parents made it work, where both of them took turns staying at home with her during the evenings, and both took turns making dinner. Both her parents were partners at their dental clinic, and both stood by each other's side. But it was different in her marriage. Ron was used to his family life where his mother had stayed at home caring for all her children, making sure a large hot meal was on the table each night, while his father worked and provided for the family. And it wasn't the life she wanted for herself. She wanted a career, and she wanted to succeed in life. She didn't want her entire life to be brought down to her ability to be a mother and to be a wife. Yet her husband didn't see it that way, and he refused to understand why she wanted all of that for herself, when he was, in his words, more than capable of providing for the family. It wasn't that she doubted his ability to do so, or worked for the sake of the money, but Ron was in the same entry level Auror position he had been granted five years ago, while every one of his co-workers had moved up. Harry himself had made lead Auror a while back, and she knew in less than a few years he would be head of the department. And despite what Ron wanted to believe, she knew it was of Harry's skills and work ethic, and not solely his name. His role in the war had just gotten his foot into the door, as it had for Ron. So even if she had wanted to be a housewife, Ron's salary wouldn't exactly be sustainable. "It's not mine either," she said in a low voice, not wanting to upset Rose. Despite all their arguments in school, she had always expected that the fighting would cease once they were married. Arguments in a relationship were only normal, but her father always said the key to a good marriage was compromise. Yet Hermione was the only one who ever tried to accommodate the other. He stood up from his chair, slamming his firewhisky down so hard she was surprised it didn't shatter. "It's a reasonable expectation that when a husband gets home that a nice hot meal on the table," he growled, as he leaned forward and grabbed her wrist tightly. "Let go right now, Ronald, or I'll make sure you never have children ever again," her eyes narrowed. "You will not grab me, or harm me. You are a fully grown man, and are more than capable of feeding yourself. I said it once, and I will say it again; I am not your mother. I will not stay at home and play house. Now I'm going to feed myself and get something for Rose, but you're on your own." And when Ron took a second too long to release her, she pulled her wrist free of his grasp. With that, she turned and headed off to the kitchen to fix up some dinner for her and her child. She was twenty two and unhappy, and Hermione wasn't all that sure how much longer she could pretend she wasn't. A/N: Happy New Year everyone! It feels so good to be back with a new story, which I've been planning out for quite some time now. As usual, updates will be every Sunday. And as a warning to those who love Ron, this story will be anti-Ron, as it was what fit the needs of my story. If you wish to read something pro-Ron, I suggest reading one of my more recent works. I hoped you enjoy this story, and I'll see you next week for the next chapter!