court, heard rumours of men who were inclined to be liberal with their fists. The revulsion he felt at seeing court whores and wives sporting bruised and bloodied faces rose again in his mind and thinking of his mother's battered features amongst them made him sick to the stomach. Furthermore, the mention of his uncle and the dislike his father harboured for him surprised William greatly. He knew his uncle had a fleeting presence at court, although their paths had never crossed. Rumours varied, some saying he was a mystical figure who had a talent most common men could only dream of possessing, others that he practiced the devil's work. Some even mentioned his uncle's wife, claiming that she was no mere woman, but a creature born from myth and old folktales. William didn't know what to believe, only that his uncle was a man both feared and respected by many, including the King. He glanced down at Godric, who had uncurled himself to pick absentmindedly at the platter William had brought from the kitchens. Would his little brother follow in their uncle's footsteps? Did he possess a power that William could only dream of? Would it make Godric revered and hated by men like his father? William was unconcerned; if his brother was in danger then William would help him. He would protect Godric from harm, even if that meant defying the father he loved. His arm tightened around Godric's shoulders and he ruffled the smaller boy's hair playfully, 'So tell me about your adventure little brother? What did you think of our father's knights?' and he laughed aloud at the eagerness in which his brother wiped away at stray tears and began retelling a tale worthy of the exploits of legendary champions. Later that night, Godric woke from a fitful sleep to discover a figure sat beside him, softly stroking his hair. A nearby candle still burned dimly in the whispery light, but the gentleness she applied to the caress told him even before his blurred sight focused that it was his mother. He saw her smile when she realised he was awake, her face half shielded by the shadows. She placed a finger to her lips, telling him to be silent. His brother stirred next to him but did not wake from his slumber. She offered William's sleeping form a warm and fond smile, before turning back to Godric. 'You should be asleep little one,' she admonished him softly. 'I was worried…' 'I'm here now and perfectly fine,' her voice quivered slightly at the lie, but Godric didn't notice. He merely stared tiredly up at his mother, content in her presence. 'I don't want to be different,' he admitted quietly, blurting out his fears. 'It cannot be helped,' she whispered soothingly, 'but it is not the difference that defines you Godric. It is your choices that determine what man you will become. You have been given a gift. You should embrace it.' 'I want to be a knight. I want to have a horse…and a…a sword' She chuckled fondly at his earnestness. She leant down and pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, 'You can be whatever you want to be,' she assured him. 'Will you stay with me?' 'I'll be here whenever you need me.' He nodded before his eyes began to close again, exhaustion from the previous day's trials finally taking their toll on his young body. Aly's watched him as he drifted off into sleep, her hand still resting in his soft auburn hair, smiling sadly down at him. She stayed with him long into the night, simply content to watch her little boy dream. 'Sleep Godric,' she spoke softly, her son blissfully ignorant of the tears which glistened in the flickering candle light as they streamed down her bruised and swollen face. Soon she would seek out the healing salves and poultices she stored hidden in her chamber. But for now she was content sitting by her youngest son's side. 'You have heart, my brave little knight. Never lose your courage, for one day you will face the trials and tests that would claim the hearts of lesser men. You will be your own man, Godric, and you will have the courage to conquer it. One day you will make us all proud, my brave little lion…' Author's Note: So here is the prologue to Book One of my Founders Series. Book One is called Heart of a Lion, and will be the first story following the life of Godric Gryffindor as he attempts to survive in the brutal world of medieval magic. As the keen eyed may have noticed, I have set this series in the late eleventh-century, about a hundred years later than Rowling's dating. The reasons for this are numerous, the foremost being that it's for creative purposes. The landscape of British culture and society changed dramatically following the Battle of Hastings in 1066, and the narrative opportunities this provides were too enticing to be ignored. I'll try and stick as close to real history as I can, and you can expect to see real historical figures and events popping up from time to time, as well as Rowling's creations and my own. Using Rowling's foundations, I'll also try and provide a colourful and hopefully realistic take on what the magical world of the Harry Potter Series would have been like in the medieval period. My aim is to write seven 'books', and whilst Godric is the principal protagonist, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw and especially Salazar Slytherin will all play a huge part in the story. If anyone has any questions, advice or even criticisms then feel free to message me and I'll try my best to get back in touch, or leave a review. I honestly feel passionate about these stories and I've spent a lot of time researching and creating this world so that I can do not just myself, but the readers and fundamentally J.K. Rowling proud.