look, Astoria's eyes widened. "We have an arranged marriage, have terms to fulfil and we made the Unbreakable Vow to each other. There, we discussed." He backed away, already looking towards his friends, Goyle and Crabbe, who stood a few metres away. Astoria caught his arm as he moved, "yes, and you heard those terms." "Indeed I did." "And how exactly are we going to fulfil them?" Astoria was more than confused by his lack of interest or concern about the situation. "Very simply. We just fulfil them, now if you'll excuse me." He attempted to walk away again, but Astoria grasped his arm tighter, trying to grab his attention. "Your vow may be fulfilled quite easily. Mine, however…" Draco held up his other hand to interrupt, "look, if you think I want to do this, you're wrong. But I don't have a say in this. Neither do you. So just forget this for the time being, Greengrass." "Forget? We have 18 months to produce a child, doesn't that bother you?" Draco remained silent, his gaze stoic. "Come here." Astoria pulled him through the crowd to the other side of the room, away from the curious ears of the gathered guests, "I assume you had no idea about this either." "If you're talking about the Vow, of course I had no idea," Draco huffed in annoyance, "believe it or not, my father does not share every piece of information with me." "This doesn't have to be bad." "Do you really think it won't ? Greengrass, this is an arranged marriage. It will be bad." "Stop calling me Greengrass. At least try to make an effort." "Why would I?" "Because we're going to be a damn family." "Worry about it when it happens." "I'm not prepared to die for you, Draco. Or if you prefer, Malfoy. So you better get it together." Her voice took on a pleading note. "Well, we're on the same page then, aren't we?" "Fine. You and I can ignore each up for a year. And then we'll bring a child into this situation and we'll be all so happy." She then glared at him, "would it kill you to try and be nice?" Draco answered brusquely, "yes, it would." "I'm sure your father would love to hear about this." Draco's gaze hardened, the corners of his mouth pulled down. "That's what I thought. Like it or not, there's no choice now." "Fine, Greengrass. But don't get your little hopes up." Hurt by his total lack of interest, Astoria tried to think of an insult. "Yes Malfoy, I was so hoping you'd fall in love with me. I'm so disappointed. You're a terrible excuse for a wizard." "Look who's talking. How's your sister, Daphne doing?" Mockingly, Draco eyed up Daphne across the room. That hurt Astoria, she had already suspected he would prefer Daphne. Her eyes darkened as she responded, "maybe you should ask to switch." Draco leaned in closer, "maybe I should." Without giving her time to answer, Draco abruptly strode away, leaving Astoria alone. Having had enough, Astoria decided it was time to leave. Hopefully leaving so early would make some sort of statement to her family. Maybe they would just think she was being rude – she didn't care. Spying an empty fireplace that she could use to floo, Astoria quickly walked across the room, deftly avoiding any witches or wizards she thought might approach her. Narcissa, watching her progress across the room, caught her as she reached the fireplace. Unable to ignore her, Astoria stopped, "oh…good evening Mrs Malfoy." "Astoria, dear, I am sorry to drop such big news on you." Narcissa looked at her sympathetically and this, more than anything, gnawed at something in Astoria's stomach. When Astoria said nothing, Narcissa ploughed on, "but I hope you understand that this union is very important to us. And I am sure you and Draco will be a good match. He is a very sophisticated young man, so you don't have to worry about anything. I… We will gladly help you both out." "Yes…I hope so." Flashing her a tight smile, Astoria edged closer to the fireplace, "forgive me, this quite extreme change in circumstances has rather ah, unsettled me." "I completely understand that, dear. It was rather sudden, but it was already arranged through your father Gaius. This is not so uncommon among families like ours." A small smile graced Narcissa's lips; genuine or not, Astoria could not tell. Seeking a reason for one of her burning questions, Astoria decided to linger long enough to determine why she had been left in the dark. "May I ask why Mal-Draco and I were not informed prior to this evening?" "You weren't informed?" Feigning shock, Narcissa put a hand on Astoria's shoulder. She wasn't fooled. "No." "Oh, forgive me. I had no idea no one told you. But it is not important now, is it? You are now a part of our family and I am glad it's you." "Thank you, Mrs. Malfoy. That is kind of you to say." Hesitating, "I…I fear the second…the second term may be difficult in such a short period of time." "Oh, don't be silly, dear," Narcissa laughs light-heartedly, "Everything will be fine!" Astoria swallowed, unsure of how to proceed, "I have school you understand. Exams. Why were we given such little time?" "I think it is more than enough time. Your exams are only so important." Narcissa flashes her a tight smile. Understanding she was nearing the end of Narcissa's tolerance, Astoria conceded defeat, "I guess you're right." "Of course I'm right, dear. I only have your and Draco's best interests at heart. Are you leaving already?" "Yes, I…need to time to digest tonight." 'Very well. Know however, in future you represent the Malfoy name. You have a reputation to uphold and duties to fulfil." Astoria meets her steely gaze with an icy expression of her own, "understood." "Then we have an understanding. Goodnight Astoria." "Goodnight, Mrs. Malfoy."