the company of an ancient author. And as he approached, she would look up at him and smile. His heart twisted with longing. He wanted her. He wanted them. He wanted what his Veela heritage promised, a mate just for him, perfect for him in every way, his to hold and to keep. He stared at the empty cushions, the late afternoon sunlight glinting off of the dust motes, futilely wishing for what he knew he couldn't have, until the hole inside of him seemed so large that he would drown in it. He went straight to bed. Skipping dinner, he closed all of his windows, didn't bother setting a fire, and climbed into the soft welcoming covers of his bed. He forced the tempo of his heart to slow down, ignoring the big emptiness that was usually filled with her heartbeat. She was too far away, his Veela cried. And all he wanted was the oblivion of sleep. He finally woke to find the curtains had been pulled all the way back and bright golden sunlight was streaming in. He squawked and was suddenly uncomfortable at hearing the undignified sound coming from his voice. Blinking, he tried to remember what was causing the feeling like something was missing. He noticed one of his arms reaching across the expanse of his bedsheets, curled protectively around air, and his mind populated the barren space with an image of a sleeping head of bushy chestnut curls. The despair crashed down on him again. His arms were empty. His heart was empty. His life was empty; it wasn't just unwritten, it was unraveled. How much time passed with him in that state, he couldn't remember. But it was dark again when his mother finally came into his room and shook him out of the bed. When he tried to protest she shushed him and insisted that he eat the warm soup she'd brought him. As he took sips just to please her, he tried to find the words to explain. "Everything is just so empty. I miss her so much. I feel like I might die without her." "Nonsense!" she chastised him. "You won't die." Her sharp voice had edges to it that sliced into him like talons so unexpectedly that he almost checked his skin for drawn blood. He remembered a moment later that his mother was Veela and lived every day without her mate, and with even less hope than he had of ever being reunited on this side of the veil. His instant sorrow was clear to them both, the pain of a more profound loss shaking him out of his self-imposed despondency. "How do you live with it?" he asked to his spoon, afraid to look at her face. She didn't answer the question, choosing instead to answer the fear behind it. "You still have hope, Draco. She is out there waiting for you to win her." "She's not waiting for me, she has someone already," he choked out, trying to blink back that strange darkness that kept trying to eat him. Narcissa tut-tutted. "She has someone. But he's not the other half of her soul. She'll realize it soon, and the strings that bind you together will soon be clear to her. You need to be patient and not give up so soon. You are a Malfoy after all, and she cannot do better." Draco cringed. "I think that's probably a point against me. I have done little to recommend myself to her," he admitted, the closest he would get to revealing that his mate was the girl he'd tormented throughout their years in school. "And she has no use for the status of the old families." His mother just laughed quietly, pleased when he took a healthy bite of the bread that was placed before him. "That she has feelings for you at all is only to your benefit. It is much easier to woo a girl who has given you attention than it is one who has never noticed you." Draco sighed. "She's noticed me all right." He continued eating, realizing he was much hungrier than he'd thought. He didn't remember the last meal he'd had. "It does take a bit longer when you need to win her respect in addition to her love. But you have plenty of time, my son. And you have the advantage of knowing her like no one else ever could." He thought on that as he chewed. It was true that he could sense things about her, from her heartbeat and from his Veela's color senses, but he didn't know how knowing those things could help him. Narcissa obviously knew where his thoughts were leaning. "Insight into your beloved is a wonderful gift, and a great advantage when courting." Sensing his doubts, she added, "I will teach you. You must learn not just how to use your Veela senses, but how to control that part of yourself. It is clear you've allowed your Veela to overwhelm you, something common among young Veela. But while you are here, we will practice and strengthen your control and your understanding." She nodded as she called a house elf to clear Draco's now empty plate. "When you've learned to accept all the parts of yourself, it will be that much easier for your mate to see and accept you for who you are." A/N: This story is three (long) chapters, and it's already completed as it was part of the Fest that I mentioned above. I know the chapters are longer than my usual lengths, and so I plan to post the next chapter in a couple of days to give you all a little time to read it, haha. Drop me a line and let me know what you think of this change of pace! I promise it gets better over the next two chapters, also. (And special thanks to my alpha reader athenaa, who labored over this story right along with me.)