she doesn't want Lily to be sad again but she wanted her to know she's there for her. "We're not annoyed." She said softly and Lily looked up at her. "And we're not mad. We're your friends, but we're not you. It's okay to feel this way, Lily." She said and gently placed her hands on Lily's arms as the redhead watched her. "And we can't ever truly know how you feel, but I'm trying to tell you how we feel." She said and took a breath to build up her courage. "We all care about you and want to see you happy and we understand you're not okay right now. But we know you will be Lily, even if it feels like crap and the world's heading towards a scary place. You're going to be okay. Because you're a strong, fiery redheaded witch." Lily chuckled sadly a little at the mention of her temper. "And you can bounce back, screw everyone else, we can't feel how you feel and we can't judge how long it takes until your hearts mended. But me, Marlene, and Mary. We'll be here however long it takes." She said and Lily smiled back at her. "I mean we live with you for god's sake, we can't leave you even if we wanted to." She joked and Lily laughed a little and hugged her. Merbella stood up and pulled Lily with her. "Come on, I'm pretty sure I have to go kick Mary's butt in exploding snap and I could use a cheerleader. Marlene probably already has her pom-poms out hyping Mary up." Lily laughed once again and it was then she realized how lucky she was to have these friends, even if Severus is no longer one of them. "I think that would require Marlene to know what pom-poms are." Lily joked and linked her arms with Merabella whose head was thrown back as she laughed. "They should really cover that stuff in Muggle Studies." Later that night the girls were sitting by the fire in seats that were practically labeled as the marauders, they wouldn't be surprised if they really were tagged by them. Even older students don't go on these seats because they will become targets of some kind of 'prank'. "Lily?" A small voice called and the four looked up from their laughing and saw a small second year who had approached her prefect. Lily immediately moved closer towards the girl on the couch and adopted a concern look. "Hey Ashley." Lily said motherly. "Someone's asking for you outside." She told her and Lily's head tilted in confusion as the girl walked off. She turned back to her friends to be met with similar looks. Lily slightly shrugged, more to herself then them, and got up to walk over towards the portrait hole. It obviously wasn't a Gryffindor. Could it be Pandora asking about the Herbology homework? Though that doesn't make sense, it's not due for a bit and it'd be easier just to ask one of her own dorm mates. As Lily exited the common room she looked around and found a remorseful Severus waiting for her. Lily's body immediately became more stiff as she recognized the familiar face, the one she would normally be greeting with a bright smile and a hug. The face of the person who introduced her to this crazy beautiful magical world. The face of the person who broke her heart by calling her a Mudblood. "Lily, please." Severus softly begged her, begging for their friendship. Lily felt her chest tightened. After the horrible day last year when Severus approached her, Lily screamed her head off at him and didn't hold back her tears, neither did Severus. "Severus-" "I didn't mean it, you have to know that." He said and Lily looked down towards the ground. She closed her eyes and took in a small breath, and surprisingly, she didn't feel so hurt anymore, just disappointed. "I forgive you." She rushed out before her pride and heart stuffed the words back down. Severus's face lit up and he almost felt his heart soar. He made his way towards her to hug her. He started spewing out promises of never hurting her again, but Lily held her hand up cutting him off. "But we can't be friends." She said with no anger or sadness in her voice. Severus's heart plummeted down and he could swear he felt it shatter. Tears came to his eyes and he tried to voice his objections but couldn't find the right words. He felt panicked, he was going to lose her. He needed to convince her to stay with him, he needed her. But he couldn't find the bloody words! "There's a reason those words 'slipped out' Severus." She said using his most popular excuse. "We've both been blind to it or ignoring the obvious for years now." She said sadly. "We've grown apart. We've become too different. You've been heading on this dark path for a while now and we both knew from the start I could never go down it with you." She said and he made to object, tell her there wasn't any 'dark path', but one look from her shut him back up, that was why those words slipped out after all. "We've said goodbye years ago without even knowing it, Sev." She said, her heart dropping when she realized this was the last time she'd probably ever call him Sev. She turned to go and quietly said the password to the fat lady who was in tears in her painted eyes, watching their exchange. She paused in the entrance and looked back to her childhood friend, the boy that would always hold distant happy memories. "Stay alive." She told him and then continued into the common room and headed straight up to her dorm. Hello! If you made it this far, thank you! Please review and let me know what I can improve! Thanks a bunch!