a woman had been unrecognized as she had grown used to seeing herself every day, the changes slipping by her, but the face that stared back at her had been different than what she was used to. She no longer resembled a woman who had left childhood behind her, but that of a teenager, youthfulness presented itself in smooth skin, even her hair had transformed back into a barely-managed frizz which scared her the most had she to be honest with herself. She looked sixteen again, and though she would have given anything to appear young and fresh, the circumstances which gave it to her unnerved her. She backed away slowly, waved the light out of her wand, and exited the bathroom now feeling like she had been shown a horrible nightmare she couldn't escape. Back in the corridors, her reflection hung at the forefront of her thoughts and tried to remember what had brought her here in the first place. She remembered waking up at home, next to a snoring Ronald, had remembered getting ready for the day, greeting Arthur Weasley when he arrived bogged down with a box bought from a muggle store that contained a baby crib. Remembered Arthur snapping at her when she offered help for the first time and then reading a few chapters of a book to keep herself out of his way. She remembered the taste of peanut butter and chips, still fresh on her tongue, and looking at a clock that mesmerized her. It was a blur after that. She heard footsteps which drew her out of her thoughts and looked around her, the corridors blackened, and hesitated on what to do. She could have easily given up and let herself be caught, or try hiding and try to keep out of reach until the school would awaken. While she hesitated, something had ran past her, she could smell the faint scent of dog and hear a soft panting before she made out something shaggy dodge past her knees. Without question, she followed it trying her best to run as silently as possible. She followed it into the trophy room, a dim glow from the lights thrust upon the trophies allowing her to see around the room with little struggle. She edged her way in, slowly, not wanting to spook the dog she had followed and ended up spooking herself when a hand had grabbed her shoulder and tugged her back quickly. That hand was tossed over her mouth and when she turned her head, a young male with ragged hair was looking at her, pressing a finger against his lips signaling her to be quiet. His eyes flicked over to the door, then back to the cases of trophies before pulling her over to it. They were nestled in between cases, squatting low and ducked down in time to hide themselves from a silhouette of a person whom had stuck their head in from seeing them. The figure stepped into the room, took one painfully slow look around, then left, the sounds of their footsteps hurrying off in the distance. Hermione looked to the boy next to her. "They're searching for me." He explained. "Thanks for not giving me away." "Searching for you?" Hermione asked. "Then they're after me, too." She hung her head slightly under his curious gaze, "I ran from the infirmary." She explained. "Is that all? The infirmary?" He laughed. "We've got a brave one here ladies and gentlemen!" "Brave indeed, I'm too old to be sneaking around like this, especially in my conditi-" She stopped speaking, her hand sneaking a feel at her stomach. Her condition no longer existed and she felt hollow. The boy didn't seem to catch her dissipating words, however as he had rolled his eyes at the first. "Too old, huh?" He snickered. "I've heard a lot of first lines, but that one takes them all. Too old." He stood up, pulling Hermione up by her arm as well and scanned the room. "I think we're safe to be on our way. I don't hear anyone else coming." He looked once more to Hermione. "Which way are you heading?" "Me?" She asked. "I, um, I'm not sure." "Okay, we'll make this easier...which house are you headed to?" "Well I, um...Gryffindor, I suppose." The boy lifted his head, one eye squinting. "Gryffindor, eh? You sure?" "I suppose so." She shrugged. "It's the house I was sorted into, and I don't think I'll do well hiding around the castle now that I know there are people out looking for us." She really didn't want to go back to the common room, it was too small of a place and she was sure to be found. If she could grab even an ounce of luck, maybe one of the beds in the dormitory would be available that she could climb into and pull the drapes shut. The boy was still studying her. "Funny I've never seen you before." His fingers ran across his chin, wiping at a bloody lip Hermione just noticed. He didn't seem to realize the cut as he pulled his hand away after some consideration. "Nope. Never seen you before." He said decidedly and extended a hand. "I'm Black. Sirius Black." Hermione was awestruck. His name, as soon as he had said it clicked something inside of her. The archaic look of the common room, her youthful face making her look like a student again... "You've got to be kidding me." She said, falling back into the wall and sliding down into a sitting position. "No, not kidding." Sirius said now looking at Hermione with concern. "This can't-How did-" She pressed her face into her hands and rubbed at her temples hard. "What year is it?" She asked, bracing for the shock of her life. "Nineteen-Seventy-Five." Sirius answered and Hermione let out a groan. Had she not already known it was possible to travel back in time, she would have not believed it.