Ginny's eyes widened in horror, rendered speechless and utterly petrified by his vulgar implication. She began panicking. Does he know? No fucking way . Of course, he didn't know; that would be ridiculous… She was paranoid, and he was just a sodding pervert. His usual ill-mannered self. Typical Malfoy – typical prattish behaviour. But Merlin did Ginny run back to the Gryffindor common room faster than she ever thought possible. xXx "Hey, are you busy?" Ginny looked up from the Quidditch magazine cradled in her lap, looking towards the bushy-haired girl who stood within the entrance of her dorm room. "No." Ginny closed the glossy cover with a moving picture of Victor Krum engulfing its front page. "What's up?" Here comes the Harry and Ron drama… Maybe something about Lavender Brown, too. Hermione despised the witch, even more so now that the bint was dating her brother. Ginny couldn't imagine what shenanigans they had got themselves into this time. "Uhm," Hermione cleared her throat looking around nervously as if to check within every crevice of the dorm room to make sure it was empty. "No one's in here…" Ginny chuckled at Hermione's edginess, gesturing towards the edge of her bed. "Sit down." God only knew what Ron had managed to do this time. "Oh, okay… Good," Hermione said, sitting down and crossing her legs. "I need to talk to you." "About?" Ginny questioned. "Well… You know we're friends," Hermione smiled meekly. "And you know you can tell me anything, right?" "Sure…" Ginny say up a bit straighter. "And you know I would never judge you. For anything. Ever… Right?" Ginny felt her heartbeat quicken behind her chest. "Alright…" "Is…" Hermione trailed off, uncrossing and recrossing her legs again. "Is there anything you want to tell me, Gin?" Ginny felt herself begin to fluster, adrenaline spiking and thoughts racing just as they had before. No bloody way. No way did she know! First Malfoy and now Hermione? What in the bloody hell was going on? No, of course not. Neither of them knew. Luna wouldn't tell anyone, and she certainly didn't… "What are you talking about, Hermione?" Ginny asked, feigning ignorance. "I – uhm," Hermione mumbled, absently toying with Ginny's Gryffindor-themed comforter. "Well I mean, I was just wondering –" " About ?" Ginny knew the word came out harshly, but she didn't care. "Well," Hermione sighed, seemingly trying to summon some non-existent courage. "Are you, uhm… er – are you… well, bollocks… are you seeing Luna?" Ginny jumped up to her feet so quickly the Quidditch magazine flew from her lap and onto the stone floor. "AM I WHAT?" she shrieked. "Ginny, I –" "AM I WHAT, HERMIONE? SAY IT!" "Gin, calm down, I didn't mean to upset you –" "WHO FUCKING TOLD YOU?" Ginny demanded, rage building within her. Great. The whole school knew. Five fucking hours and the entire school knew she had licked Luna Lovegood – bloody brilliant. "No one –" "WHO DID YOU HEAR IT FROM?" "I didn't hear it from anyone, okay?" Hermione insisted. "No one told me anything – relax Ginny! I haven't said a word. No one knows –" "That's a fucking lie!" Ginny shouted. "Clearly you do. And so does –" "No! Calm down! Merlin, Ginny… I only know because – er..." Hermione trailed off again, shifting uncomfortably and blushing wildly. "Spit it out, Hermione!" "I – well… because I saw you two er – together . Today. At the lake earlier." Ginny's face fell, mortified. "You… you, what?" "Ginny, it's not a huge deal so please, let's not make it one." Ginny tried to form a response, but her mouth went dry. Hermione chuckled nervously before continuing. "It's really none of my business anyway. But I wanted to tell you… just so that you knew. It just felt wrong if I didn't say anything about it... You can tell me anything, alright? You're one of my best friends. If you ever need someone to talk to –" "Wait a second," Ginny put her hand up, signing for Hermione to stop speaking. "You said you were going to Hogsmeade today…" "Yes," Hermione confirmed. "I was going to, but I wasn't feeling well this morning, so I stayed behind." "You… stayed behind?" Wheels were turning in Ginny's mind, her mortification soon morphing into horror. Hermione nodded. "Yes. And so, I went down to the lake to get some assigned readings done –" "Reading?" interrupted Ginny. "You went to the lake to read ?" "Yes, Gin." Hermione seemed annoyed by the interruption. "Reading –" "Alone?" Hermione's face fell the slightest bit before regaining composure. "Of course, alone. Who else –" "What book did you bring?" "I, er – what? Why does it matter?" asked Hermione, cheeks flushing slightly. "My Arithmancy textbook, if you must know." "Hm," Ginny chided, pacing her dorm room once. "Fascinating…" "What's so fascinating about that?" "Hm… ' Arithmancy textbook'." Ginny put the words in air quotes. "Is that what we're calling Draco Malfoy nowadays? Well alright. Just as I said before: fascinating." Hermione's face fell, a telling expression crossing over which no lie could possibly hope to cover. "I prefer pompous git , myself," continued Ginny. "But I mean – to each their own, I suppose." "I – " the brunette faltered, looking panicked. "What? No! Why would you say that?" Ginny clicked her mouth, completely ignoring the glaring opposition. "Start explaining, Hermione… Now." "Me?" Hermione shrieked, her face nearly the colour of the Gryffindor-themed bedsheets. " I should start explaining? No, Ginny, how about you start explaining –" "I asked first." The older girl shot a vehement glare before looking down at the floor, allowing silence to pass over them for far too long. "You tell; I tell," said Ginny finally. "And then we just never tell Harry or Ron… Agreed?" "How in the world did you know –" " Agreed ?" demanded Ginny. "Fine," Hermione exhaled, defeated. "But you might want to sit back down for this one…"