an insult to her memory not to use the information I extracted from her." "One more murder," Riddle stated. "My faithful servant at Hogwarts...Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. It is decided. There will be no more argument. But quiet... I think I hear Nagini..." Immediately, Riddle began to speak in what was no doubt Parseltongue. What sounded like nothing more than hissing and spitting made for great communication with snakes. Even though he considered himself well-versed in many things, The Dark Prince found himself grateful that Parseltongue was not one of them. Sure enough, Riddle's faithful pet snake, Nagini, came slithering into the room, all twelve feet of her winding body approaching Riddle, communicating back with her master. Though he could not speak Parseltongue, The Dark Prince was willing to bet that she was telling Riddle of the presence standing outside the door, the same presence he felt when their meeting first began. "Nagini has interesting news, Wormtail," Riddle told his worthless servant. "In-indeed, My Lord?" said Wormtail. "Indeed, yes," said Riddle. "According to Nagini, there is an old Muggle standing right outside this room, listening to every word we say." " Finally! " thought The Dark Prince as he brought his left hand to the right side of his body and, very suddenly, thrusted it back across, using wandless magic causing the door to be violently swung open - so much so that it was torn off of its hinges with utter ease. Caught off guard was an old man of average features, save for the fact that the old man put more emphasis on one leg than he did the other. No doubt this habit originated from a great event, perhaps even from a fight or a war. He paid his perception of the man no mind as Riddle said, "Invite him inside, Wormtail. Where are your manners?" Wormtail beckoned the old man into the room, his attention fixated on the armchair, the back of it facing him. The old man, though not entirely together, took a firmer grasp of the walking stick and limped his way into the room. "You heard everything, Muggle?" said Riddle. "What's that you're calling me?" said Frank in a surprisingly defiant voice. No doubt, the Dark Prince thought, this man was involved in some war. Only hardened, battle fighting men could muster such bravery in the face of such bleak odds. "He called you a muggle," said The Dark Prince in an even tone. "It means that you are not a wizard." "I don't know what you mean by wizard," said the old man, his voice growing steadier by the second. "All I know is I've heard enough to interest the police tonight, I have. You -" the old man pointed to the armchair, "-You've done murder and you're planning more! And I'll tell you this too: my wife knows I'm up here, and if I don't come back -" "You have no wife," said the cold voice, very quietly. "Nobody knows you are here. You told nobody that you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Muggle, for he knows...he always knows..." "Is that right?" said the old man in a rough tone. "Lord, is it? Well, I don't think much of your manners, My Lord . Turn 'round and face me like a man, why don't you?" The Dark Prince, tolerate as he was of the old man's behavior, grew weary of his misplaced attitude. He made a reach for his wand when he saw the feeble right hand of Riddles' raise, to stop him. The Dark Prince halted his action and stood in place as Riddle stated in a little more than a whisper, "But I am not a man, Muggle. I am much, much more than a man. However...why not? I will face you...Wormtail, come turn my chair around." A whimper echoed throughout the room, to which the Dark Prince gave Wormtail his deathstare and growled, "You heard him, Wormtail." Slowly, with his screwed up face, as though he would rather be anywhere but where he was at, Wormtail moved to the chair, beginning to turn the chair, only hesitating when Nagini hissed at its legs when it got caught on the rug it was on. Finally, Riddle was facing the old man, who was so shocked by the sight that he dropped his walking stick. He then screamed - a scream so loudly that the poor fool never heard the words Riddle spoke as he raised his wand. But The Dark Prince did. "AVADA KEDAVRA!" A flash of green burst forth from the wand, rushing forth, toward the old man. The green light collided with the old man, who went to the floor, crumpled. The old man was dead before he even hit the ground, no longer a nuisance to him. "I just remembered," said Riddle, unfazed by his act of murder. "How goes your own plans, My Prince?" "Very smoothly," said the Dark Prince, also unfazed by the dead body lurking in their midst. "But, perhaps it is too early to make such remarks. Many things have yet to fall in place before I can be satisfied." "Do not forget," said Riddle, "What you must do." "Of course, My Lord," said the Dark Prince, who made his way out of the room, wondering what was taking place elsewhere... And this concludes the first chapter of the new installment, HP: The Path of Trials! More updates will take place in the future, all depending on when I'm available to work on the remaining chapters and when I can post the updates. Feel free to leave a review to let me know about what you think of the installment. Also, if you have any questions you want to ask me, feel free to leave me a PM and I will answer them to the best of my abilities. Until then, keep your eyes peeled for the next chapter of HP: The Path of Trials!