had assumed he would tell the children at some point about the recent developments in his condition, but he hadn't wanted them worrying about it when they had other such pertinent matters to worry about as NEWTs and such. 'You already know about how I take the anti-venom to lessen the side-effects of Nagini's bite.' 'Yeah… has it stopped working?' Isaac asked, starting to sound almost frantic. 'No! It works fine. Honestly,' Severus assured him. 'But after I was bitten there were a few years before I had access to any anti-venom, you know that too, and I got quite sick… and there was the time about a year before you were born, when I ended up in hospital again.' 'Yeah. And then Professor Longbottom sorted you out with the Snowdonia Hawkweed, it made the potion stronger and you were fine again.' 'That's right, but those times when I was ill before, it turns out they… they took a toll on my heart. Weakened it, is the best way I can describe it, so sometimes it struggles to, well… struggles to do what it's supposed to do.' Isaac looked pale and panicked, which is precisely why Severus had been reluctant to disclose all this in the first place. 'So what does that mean?' he stammered. 'It doesn't mean much,' Severus said with a shrug which he hoped conveyed a certain level on nonchalance. 'I have some pills from the Healer, which are working, and I just have to drink a little less and lose a little weight,' he added, patting his slight middle-aged paunch. 'Oh, and I'm under strict orders from the healer, but primarily your mother, to rest up and avoid stress. But I am fine!' he reiterated. Isaac sighed and looked as though he might be about to cry again. 'I can't have helped with that last part,' he sighed, barely audibly. 'Sorry,' he choked. 'Now listen,' Severus replied firmly. 'This is not your fault and it really is nothing for you to worry about.' 'But I do worry about it. I know how strong that anti-venom is. Erin and Nate might not realise but I understand potions… I know how bad your side-effects must be if you need it. I notice when you're feverish and have to stay in bed, or when mum writes to us at school and says how well you are, it's obvious that she's over-compensating because you've had some sort of turn… or when we go hiking and you can't catch your breath, I know that that's related.' Severus watched Isaac closely, marvelling somewhat at the boy's skills of deduction. 'OK…' he said eventually, 'I hadn't realised that you were so aware of all that. I suppose I don't really feel that it does impact my life very much.' 'And it probably doesn't,' Isaac replied, 'I just… notice when it does, that's all.' 'You should consider becoming a Healer, Isaac,' Hermione said, 'you'd be very good.' 'Mm,' Isaac murmured, clearly unconvinced, 'if they'll even have me at St. Mungo's now I have an exclusion on my record… or with my grades,' he added, sounding full of self-loathing. 'I've messed everything up.' 'You still have time to turn your grades around,' Hermione assured him. 'When you get back you just keep your head down,' Severus advised. 'I suppose I won't have any distractions now I'm not making the potions anymore… it's not like anyone is going to be inviting me to Quidditch matches or anything anymore.' 'Isaac?' Severus said, commanding his son's attention. 'You hate Quidditch.' Isaac frowned. 'That's true,' he said, smiling his first genuine smile in a long time. ~oOo~ The Present ~oOo~ There was a long moment of silence as Nathaniel digested the story. He looked slightly pained as he eventually spoke: 'But I speak to you at school,' he said, looking up his brother sadly. 'At least… I don't mean to ignore you… I'll make more of an effort when we get back.' 'See, this is precisely what I didn't want,' Isaac replied, 'people talking to me because they felt sorry for me.' 'I don't feel sorry for you,' Nathaniel quickly said. 'I didn't really listen when mum told us we should make more of an effort to talk to the Slytherins last year,' he continued, with a sheepish look in Hermione's direction, 'but I never really thought about why I wasn't talking to them in the first place. I certainly never considered how the Slytherins might feel about it. I was just doing it because everyone else was and my least favourite thing is conformity.' 'It isn't fair that they should be blamed for things that their parents did,' Severus said, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. He might have been talking in general terms but the applicability of what he was saying to their own situation was lost on no one present. 'Well, I'm going to make more of an effort to talk to all the Slytherins,' Nathaniel said with a firm nod. 'Still, I can't believe it was you making those potions! Or that practically everyone knew and I didn't! Or that you didn't tell me you weren't well!' he then exclaimed, frowning at his father. 'As we explained in the story. I'm not ill,' Severus reiterated firmly. 'You were too young,' Hermione attempted to reason with Nathaniel. 'You always say that,' Nathaniel said grumpily. 'Thus far, it's always been true,' Hermione said, pulling her youngest into another hug. 'I'm keeping you my baby,' she added, and Nathaniel only protested mildly. 'By the way, are your grades back where they need to be?' Severus asked Isaac. 'Getting there,' Isaac replied meekly with a small smile. 'They will be,' he assured his parents. 'Anyway, in the continued spirit of moving on, it's your turn to pick something, Nate. He handed the wooden box over to his brother who cheered up immediately as he took it and plunged his hand into its depths. 'I'm going to find something about me!'