at Hogwarts (a proud Hufflepuff), spending university in Australia where she ended up leading a majority of the forces against the Death Eaters that tried to take over. A grand edition to the history of Hogwarts, it said. No mention of killed family, of The Boy Who Lived, of blindness, of nightmares, of years of staying strong yet open and warm. Not that any of them were in a state of reading much, trying to decode the mystery with all the information. Oddly enough, it was Vernon who led to the cracking of the case. "Petunia," Vernon said, "Didn't you say you had a dog named Sarah?" "Yes, a small Yorkshire terrier, when I was very young," Petunia said surprised, "Lily and I loved her very much. When she died, mother said we could name at least one of our daughters in honor of her. It was one of the few things we agreed upon." Dudley said slowly, "Sarah….Evans…." They turned back to the paper and fell silent. Everyone's gears were turning; all thinking of one answer that no one would admit to. "All packed up?" A voice startled Sarah out of her rapid writing. It was Dudley, with Draco standing next to him. He gestured towards her papers and books, "Kings' Cross is coming up soon. You should get started packing up." Sarah was still a bit startled, "Oh. Yes. Perhaps I should. Thank you." She started to put things away. The boys still stood there, thinking intently at her. She looked up awkwardly, "…Can I help you?" They glanced at each other, slightly nervous. She sat up straighter and smirked, "Or have you figured it out?" Draco took a breath, "You have a brother." Sarah raised an eyebrow, "Mhm." Dudley said, "We know him." She bit back a bitter response and just said, "Last I checked." Dudley's voice shook a little, "Know him well." Sarah could only look away, her jaw tightening a little. Draco continued, "Your parents died. Killed." No response. "By something…dark. You and your brother survived." She winced briefly. "Your brother became famous throughout the wizard world. And you… were sent somewhere." "Because they would have killed you." "While your brother was sent with your mother's sister and her family." Sarah looked up at them with a neutral expression. The boys glanced at each other again. "Harry," Draco said, "Harry Potter." A pause. She lightly started clapping, with a hint of sarcasm, "Outstanding. Wonderful deduction skills." "So…we're right?" Dudley asked. "Oh bloody hell," she groaned annoyed, loud enough so the adults could hear, "You all give me a panic attack and you're not even sure about it?!" "…Why would we give you a panic attack?" Draco asked. She stood up quickly, finally snapping. (Her spell snapping as well, of course) "Because you're you! Because your names make a Potter's blood run cold! Because you have insulted and abused my family beyond their suffering and loneliness and the grave! Because my little brother has nightmares and traumas and I cannot quell them! Because Harry and I might as well be strangers! Because you all are the only ones I'd like to fling into the sun that are still alive! Because I love my family and you hate them! Because you hate me! Because you scare me! Because I am the embodiment of everything you hate and- and-". Tears started rolling down her cheeks, "and I just want my family back!" She cried, and slid down the seat so she was slouching, almost curled up. She hid her head and started to sob. Draco and Dudley stood there, unsure of what to say and so deeply in guilt. They looked at each other, another understanding passing between them. "We're sorry," they said simultaneously, on accident. After the minor startled moment passed, Draco continued. "Honestly, we do mean that," he glanced/glared at their parents, who were paying full attention, "All of us." "If we could take back everything we did, we would." Dudley said. "It's Harry you have to make it up to, not me," she laughed bitterly, "I don't even know you." "Then we'll do that," Dudley said, and Draco nodded. Sarah rolled her eyes and shook her head as they walked away to plan with their parents, not believing in a word. The rest of the ride was in the same state as when it began. By the time it was over, Sarah would never admit it aloud, but she hoped that they really would try to make it up to Harry. When the train finally got to Kings' Cross, and everyone got their luggage, Sarah momentarily forgot about the train ride and started looking eagerly in the crowds for Harry, who promised to meet her. He spotted her, and when they locked eyes, they started running towards each other and gave each other the strongest hug they could muster. Because of their years apart, they valued every moment together; learning new things about the other, bonding time doing anything and everything, and especially partings and reunions. Too busy rejoicing in each other's embrace, the siblings didn't notice amongst the bustle that six sets of eyes also had spotted Harry. The two finally let go and took a moment of small talk before starting to head out, when Sarah, just to be a smart ass, turned around and waved. Harry turned, confused and curious, and followed her eyes and action. At the sight, his mouth dropped. In a blink Sarah was smiling and pulling her luggage and Harry towards the exit, Harry still staring in shock at the Malfoys and Dursleys, who were also watching them go. Harry asked, "Is that –" "Yep" "And they were –" "Yep" "Were you –" "Yep" "Did they talk?" "Yep" "Did you talk?" "Yep" "And the car didn't explode?" "Nope" He turned back in the direction of the train, then chuckled and shook his head in amazement. "They're not going to believe this." She simply smiled, and they headed home.