location is kept secret emprises more dark arts than is generally acceptable by common people." "J'ai toujours apprécié la culture française. Je ne voudrais pas étudier à l'étranger." (I have always enjoyed French culture. I wouldn't mind studying abroad) The young girl smirked as she rattled off the French phrase causing a raise eye brow from the Scot a crossed from her and a sputter from her guardian. "Une réunion peut être organisée si vous voulez." (A meeting can be arranged if you would like.) McGonagall stated back calmly. Her accept may not have been as clean but she knew enough to manage. She would not like losing this girl and everything she did or could represent. However, she would not stand in the way if that was the girl's choice. "No need for an introduction right now but thanks for the offer. By Transfiguration do you mean transmutation?" She quickly shifted back to the Queen's speech. She was starting to get interested in all of this here was someone who knew about magic. McGonagall nodded, "That term can be used for my mastery but is not the general term for it." She noted another scoff coming from the dining area and looked over seeing the two witches where both being watched by the overly large man sipping at his now empty tea cup. The young lady smiled and then looked directly at her guest and realised she had gotten distracted from her original question, "As fascinating as that is before I let myself get too distracted. Can you finish answering my question? Why shouldn't I just continue self-teaching myself?" "Let me ask you this first, how many spells do you know now and how long did it take you to figure them out?" She knew a decent number of new students from magical homes picked up 2 or 3 spells from their parents, but it wasn't unheard of for muggle raised children to have figured out some as well. The next words the young girl said shocked the old teacher. "I have two dozen in my grimoire. I put the first one in there about two and a half years ago." That simple and calmly delivered statement caused the old Scotswoman to sputter briefly before regaining her composure, "fascinating. As for why you should attend each semester you will be taught dozens of new spells each term. As well as magical plants, celestial bodies interaction with your magic, and potions. Perhaps if you choose to attend Hogwarts you could show me your research." Before Taya could ask her next question, Vernon's sputtering irrupted into a coherent statement. "I WILL NOT PAY YOU CRACKPOTS TO FILL HER HEAD AND THOSE BOOKS WITH MORE GIBBERISH!" Before Minerva could even response the girls eyes flared and shifted from bright purple to emerald green, her left hand made a half circle gesture and closed into a fist. "Quildë!" The old professor did not understand the word said but she could see the clear effects of a silencing charm. Turning back to the girl in front of her she could see her anger dissipate just as fast as it had come up. "I apologize for my rude guardian. He does bring up a good point, how am I to pay for school? He obviously will not." "Tha' is easy enough" her Scottish brogue slipping passed her amazement at this almost eleven year old display of easy wandless magic. She pulled out a small key from a pocket in her robe. "This goes to your trust vault your parents left you." "Really?" the girl whispered as she reached for the key. Maybe parents had left her something worthwhile. Minerva couldn't help but notice for the first time during this interview Taya actually looked like the almost eleven year old she was. Professor McGonagall decided now was a good time to risk ask the important question brought up at the beginning of the interview, "So do you wish to attend Hogwarts?" Just as quickly the glee left Taya's face and that controlled but rebellious child was back, "I think I would like that very much." Taya new she had slipped and let her control slip. Luckily, McGonagall seamed nice enough and her guardians where still to flustered with her silence spell. Taya reached into an inside pocket of her vest and pulled out her school letter, flipping to the equipment list, "Where can we get all of these items? Can we go now?" She was feeling that burning desire to research and create. Her need for answers had never left her since her seventh birthday. She had just learned to channel it productively. "Yes we can go now and the place is called Diagon Alley." The professor stood and indicated they should head out now. Upon the still silenced and very outraged man, McGonagall turned to the young lady beside her and assumed her mildest lecture tone, "You should end the spell and you really shouldn't be doing magic outside of Hogwarts, especially on muggles." However, the old professor was curious to see another display of this child's wandless magic. The pointy eared girl sighed before she slashed her hand sideways and muttered, "Tyel-Ista." Before continuing to the front door. As she walked by she turned to the other lady and simply asked, "What's a muggle?" As soon as she cast her counter spell she could immediately hear her uncle start sputtering again but she tuned him easily. "You have been calling them non-magicals. It's a term used to describe non-magical people and items." McGonagall was not shocked by the display this time but the amount of quiet power this girl exuded was noticeable. She also finally noticed what was seared into the girls left arm. It took everything the Scotswoman had not to demand answers then and there. With that final shock and simple statement the two girls where off to shop. AN: thanks for reading my first attempt at a fanfic for this sight.