the usual sounds that came with the night. She rose from her seated position, stretching her sore limbs. She needed to do something. She was here to protect him after all, and that included from himself. Stepping up onto the crate she had been sitting on, she hauled herself up and in through the window. The hut was modest, but comfortable. She spotted a loom in one corner with a nearly done image on it. That must have been what that harlot was working on. Not even stopping to consider her actions, she grabbed the pair of shears lying beside it and cut straight through the middle. Stealing men that belong to others. Desperate much? Keeping the shears in hand, she headed down the hallway she had seen them disappear down. She was so caught up in her own thoughts, she no longer noticed the pain lancing up her legs with each step. There was only one door at the end where they could have gone. She couldn't hear anything coming from beyond the closed door so she assumed they were asleep. As quietly as she could, she entered the room. It was as modest as the rest of the place. The room was dominated by the bed with a dresser squeezed in. Her stomach rolled seeing that wench all snug in his arms. That should have been her. She was supposed to spend the rest of her days with him. It was her place to provide comfort. No one else's! On the lightest steps she could muster, she approached. They were both sleeping peacefully, neither aware of the danger that was so near. Her chest squeezed painfully at the sight. Her thoughts were all starting to run together in a fog. She was consumed by the need to remove the sleeping woman. Once she was gone, they could be happy together. She would comfort him. She didn't realize how long she had stood there, arm raised, poised to deal the deathblow, only to realize she was no longer staring into a sleeping face. She was transfixed by the most beautiful pair of blue eyes she had ever seen. She had been right, they were the same color as the sky on a perfectly clear day. Only instead of the love she had dreamed of seeing in those eyes, she saw fear. Fear that should would follow through and end the tart who had taken everything from her. Her arm shook as she tried to make up her mind. If she followed through he would know exactly who had done it, and would never seek comfort from her. On the other hand, Andromeda had stolen the life meant for her! She couldn't let that go unpunished! But no, she would live forever alone, with him hating her, if she killed the still sleeping woman. She could actually feel her thoughts shattering, blowing in different directions as she tried to think of what to do. Finally making her decision, she threw the shears down, taking one last glance at his face, turned, and fled. She ran down the hall and burst out the front door, taking in the freezing air in huge gulping breaths. She couldn't stay here. He had seen her face and would recognize her. No. She needed to go. The problem being, she still needed to bond in order to stay human. Not giving any thought as to direction, she ran. Tears began filling her eyes, blurring her vision. She didn't see the man until she had made contact. Before she could hit the ground as she bounced back, she felt a strong hand grab her elbow. "Forgive me, I wasn't watching where I was going." She hadn't heard his accent before. He didn't dress the same as everyone else she had seen either. The man was obviously not from around here. She went to brush off his apology only to remember she couldn't actually speak. Instead she offered him an apologetic smile and a shrug. The man opened his mouth to say something else, only to stop, his eyes narrowed slightly. The silence was heavy as he continued to watch her. Finally he spoke, "Tell me, what was it like, dealing with a sea witch?" He knew. How did he know?! She couldn't even tell people if she wanted to, so how had this man figured it out without even having a proper conversation? She started to struggle, needing to free herself, but his grip was iron and she was exhausted from the day she had had. "Don't hurt yourself, my dear. I mean you no harm. I merely wish to have a conversation. That's all. I believe we could be mutually beneficial to one another." She stopped her struggle and really looked at him. He was a handsome man, though not in the same way her darling Ted was. This man was dark where Ted was light. She could feel the power rolling off him in waves. Knowing she really didn't have much else to lose, she nodded. His lips quirked in what she supposed must pass for a smile for this man. His hand released its grip on her arm. She was certain it would bruise. The man straightened his jacket, smoothing any wrinkles that may have appeared. Looking up at her, he stuck his hand out. "Let's start again shall we? My name is Tom Riddle." She accepted the handshake, but pointed to her throat, indicating she couldn't reciprocate. "Ah, I see, well we can take care of that problem later. Really, all we need is to sever the connection between yourself and the witch. In the meantime, why don't you simply write down your name for me." He produced a quill and parchment from some inner pocket, holding them out towards her. She accepted them and bent over so she could use her knee to steady herself. She handed the parchment back with one word scrawled across in spiky, shaky handwriting: Bellatrix .