he got a job. Tom rolled his eyes with a slight smirk on his lips. Ron really thought Tom wouldn't look for him? It wasn't about the money anymore; it hadn't been in a while. Tom was startled when Merope knocked lightly on the window. When he saw her, she was looking left and right like a scared animal, her body scrunched in on herself, trying to hide behind the small bush that was blocking Ron's window. "What are you doing here?" Tom questioned as he helped the girl into the room, her body lighter then Tom thought it should be. "Ron came to me last night, I couldn't stop him from leaving, I was hoping you had an idea of where he went," Merope told him, looking behind her with scared eyes. Tom was feeling those feelings again, anger at something about Merope, but sadness and something else hot for the girl. It was all so curious. "I do not. Do you remember what he told you last night?" Tom led her to the bed to show her the letter. Merope glanced at it, but didn't seem to know what it said; Tom had the sneaking suspicion that Merope didn't know how to read, and that made the mixed feelings worse, especially the anger. "He only apologized before knocking me out, last I heard was he didn't want me following him," she told Tom while finally calming enough to sit on the bed without fidgeting. Now that Tom noticed, he realized that Merope never came during the day, only at night when most were asleep for the evening. "So naturally, we will be following him," Tom spoke confidently, even with that feeling in him that was telling him it would be impossible, that Ron would be able o disappear without a trace before they could catch up to him. "Naturally," the two shared a smile, one that told Tom that he wasn't the only one with doubts. Merope was nervous, she was going to share her heritage with Tom; she had to, to find Ron. One of the only things she could do was Potions, it was one of the reasons her father hadn't killed her outright. She stole one of her father's bags, the ones that are bigger on the inside than the out, and filled it with the things to make a scouring potion. Once the person was found, the gem, also stolen, would glow brighter when you were going the right way and wouldn't dull completely until you found who you were looking for. "Tom, promise you won't get angry," Merope asked, she hoped he would keep the promise, even though what she would tell him is at most best, unbelievable, at worst, a sin. "I tend not to promise unless I know what it is I'm committing myself to," Tom answered before sighing lightly, "but I guess I'll have to, seeing as it must be something astounding, if you are asking." Merope smirked slightly before grabbing the bag with stiff fingers. This was it, she would be showing Tom; she'd have to tell him about Ron as well, if only so he would know what to expect if they found Ron and the boy didn't like it. She didn't think Ron would be angry, but she wouldn't put it past him to hex them a bit. "I'm a witch," she told him, putting her arm halfway into the bag, well enough to show that it was bigger on the inside, and pulled out a cauldron, followed closely by a jar of flowers and other necessities for the potion. The last to be pulled from the bag was the white gem, a silver chain fastened to it to make a necklace. "Tom," Merope looked up at the boy, her lip worried between her teeth. Tom was watching her silently; a small, quiet battle was taking place in his head, shown with a slight frown on his lips and a downward slant to his brows. She left Tom to his musings as she made the potion, careful to do so, as best she could accord the book. Latin was the only language she knew how to read, she wished it wasn't so, she wished she could read the words on Ron's note, read what he told Tom and what Ron thought of her, but that was only the unreachable dream of a silly little girl. By the time the potion was ready; Tom seemed to have snapped out of his inner most musings and was looking at her with a determination that made her glad she told him. The gem was held over the atlas she had open, spinning lazily once; twice; three times was what it too before it locked onto Ron's signature, locking in on him and starting to glow. "I've got it, are you ready to find him?" Merope asked, wishing she could say what she wanted to say truly, but afraid it would be too much. "Ron is a witch too, isn't he," Tom asked, not really a question by the sound of his voice. Merope nodded with a worried smile on her lips. Tom took a deep breath before nodding. "Then let us go find what is ours." The small town was filled with gossip for the next few weeks, no one could have seen it coming; no one could keep it in when they talked. "Did you hear? The Riddle boy ran away with the tramps daughter." So, this was this. I hope you liked it, I was sure this would be more... era appropriate than the last one. Oh well, I like it. Next up: Learning More About You, Tom should probably learn not to insult people, no matter who they are. Quick thing, Should I change the name of this chapter? If so, Arrival in the Past, A New Situation, My Manservant Ron, Tom Riddle's newest Manservant, or even, What Have I Gotten Myself Into? Or something else? Mars