by a girl!" then he was down. He actually doubled over laughing, Grant growled. Porter might be his best friend but he really was a git sometimes. "You should- You should see your face, oh my god!" Angela straightened up, placing her hands on her hips indigently, "Why does it matter that I'm a girl? What? Girls can't be strong? Girls can't Judo-flip people? It's literally 2016 people!" This only made Porter laugh harder. At this point several kids were poking their head out of their compartments to watch. A few even gather around in a circle around the first years, snickering and whispering among one another. Angela spotted the two redhead teens from earlier among the crowd, as well as Silas Zabini, Irene Dillinger, and the Davenports, who were laughing mercilessly at the boy on the floor. Grant felt his cheeks turn even redder as the Davenports made their way onto the scene, taking one look at him and howling with laughter, clutching onto one another to stay upright. Julius Davenport, a tall dark haired boy, was near in tears as he clung to his sister, "Ha! I didn't think anything could top my first day at Hogwarts, but this? Oh, Merlin this is too good!" "Now, now, Julius, we shouldn't tease, but I am curious. Tell me, Grant," Clarissa Davenport, a shorter pointy-faced girl, hummed, "Is this your first time getting beat up by a girl or is this a pastime of yours?" The hall erupted with laughter at that and Grant glared at Porter, looking for backup, but the other boy was still catching his breath from his own laughing fit. Great , Grant huffed, Some best friend... "Shut up!" Grant growled, quickly trying to defend himself "I didn't get beat up! She surprised me that's all. I could take her!" Angela raised an eyebrow unimpressed, "Seriously?" "Yeah seriously," Grant shot to his feet, "What's wrong with you anyway!? You don't just go around judo-flipping people!" "Hey!" Angela frowned, "You grabbed me out of nowhere, how do you expect people to react to that! You're lucky that's all you got!" "Oh Merlin," Julius straightened up, "I wish! I think I'd pay to see that. I mean, I didn't think Angela was capable of doing something useful but beating Anderson's arse? Angela, I think we figured out the one thing you're actually good for!" Angela growled and fitted the Davenports with a glare. She pulled her wand out of her Pocket and held it tightly at her side. It was around 11 ⅔ inches long and made of holly with wampus hair for a core. She had purchased it a week earlier at Ollivander's with Elesa, but it was technically a Blackbourne wand, having been made by Ollivander's business partner and not the master wand-maker himself. Not that Angela minded. Everyone knew of the amazing new wands Blackbourne had been churning out for the last few years. Elesa had a Blackbourne wand, as well. Angela had no idea why she had taken out the wand, because she only really knew one spell, and simply charged her phone, so that wasn't going to help her in this situation, but she figured point-n-shoot was a pretty got tactic. If anything she could always just drop the wand and judo-flip Julius Davenport too. "You wanna be the next one on the floor, Davenport?" Angela raised her wand with as much confidence as she could fake, which was quite a bit, and hissed, "Keep talking…" Luckily, Julius did himself a favor and shut up. Grant grinned, seeing that smug look wiped off Julius Davenport's face, but a moment later Porter was tugging on his shoulder. Grant frowned and turned to him. "Come on, let's get out of here," Porter hissed. "What? No, I wanna see Julius get his arse handed to him," Grant shrugged his best friend off, but immediately Porter was tugging at him again, "What?" "Oh yeah, you wanna see her knock the Davenports on his arse," Ported hissed back, "but you remember 'What's wrong with you anyway!?'-" Porter imitated in a whiny voice, "-don't you? Who do you think that wand's gonna turn on once she's done with those two. She's crazy!" Grant gulped, "Let's get out of here." The two were gone by time Elesa had made it to the scene. "Ang!" Elesa hissed, rushing over to her sister. not again… she huffed. She took Angela's arm and tugged, glaring from the Davenports to her sister. "Come on Angela, everyone's staring, let's go…" Elesa's voice was tight as she tugged at her sister's arm once more. Angela forced herself to take a deep breath and sigh, sending the two twins another glare prompting them to sod off, a suggestion they luckily took heed of and slinked off. Angela lowered her wand and slipped it back into her pocket. The rest of the crowd dispersed, realizing the fun was over and left the two Sterling-Parkinson sisters standing alone in the corridor. Both breathed a sigh of relief, deciding to return to their compartment. Angela stopped for a moment and glanced around in search of that boy she had attacked earlier, only to realize he had vanished… Angela shrugged. She supposed she could apologize or something later. They were going to the same school after all. As soon as the compartment door clicked shut Angela remembered just what she had exited the compartment to do. Hurriedly she checked the hallway for any signs of the boy, Ginny Potter's son, but she came up empty. Damn! She'd lost him. James was gone. Angela bit her lip and shook her head. It was okay. She'd get another chance to catch the Potter boy. She had all year to make good on her promise to Elesa and see to it she met Ginny Potter. She'd simply have to catch him next time. And there would be a next time. She was spending the next several month at the same school as him. Hogwarts...