Maxime clenches a fist unconsciously by her side; Karkaroff runs his tongue over his teeth. Bagman turns grey. "That," Crouch says, "is not a viable option." My throat is too dry to speak. I nod and shrink back against the wall. I don't know what that's all about, but somehow I don't want to find out. "The rules demand that both Potter and the girl compete," he repeats, "and there is no possibility to add further champions at this point. Durmstrang must console itself with the fact that both of Hogwarts' champions are significantly less experienced than her own." Krum rolls his shoulders, rather than shrugging per se. "Two or tventy," he says indifferently. Fleur snorts. "Twenty or two 'undred," she says, "but zat is not ze point. Ze point is zat zere is no glory in triumphing over children, no matter 'ow many chances zey might have." "We can't simply ignore this," says Karkaroff. "Is no-one else curious about why Hogwarts alone has an additional contestant, in spite of the agreements, no matter their age?" "I'm very curious," says Fake Moody, stumping in. That idiot Potter tenses like a pit bull. I'll have my work cut out for me, keeping him from turning in and/or murdering the man before the third task, on top of not obviously showing off his future knowledge. "Is that so," says Karkaroff. There's obviously a lot of history there. I think Karkaroff, or at least some of his friends were arrested by Real Moody, during the last war. And Fake Moody hates him because … he didn't go to Azkaban like he was supposed to? I don't really get Death Eater politics, but that sounds like plain common sense to me. "The Goblet obviously wasn't working properly," says Fake Moody. "Why d'you suppose that is?" "Why don't you tell us why that is?" Karkaroff replies with feigned courtesy. "Because it's been tampered with, obviously," Fake Moody replies, glaring at Karkaroff. "Because someone wanted Potter in the Tournament. They wanted him to have to compete." "You're not suggesting Dark involvement, are you?" Flitwick asks, disbelieving. "Surely not. Not when zere's such a simpler explanation," says Maxime. "Ze two undisciplined students who wanted to be selected." My gaze happened to be on Fleur while she said this. There's a certain kind of mind which becomes distracted by the conjunction of Fleur Delacour and the word 'discipline'; it's not until Flitwick gently nudges me that I can meaningfully focus on the discussion again. "Are you alright?" he asks kindly. "Ah?" I say. "No, no, I was listening. Mr Crouch was talking about the tasks." Flitwick gives me a sceptical look, but Crouch definitely isn't going to repeat himself for my benefit. Frankly, at this point, I just want to go to bed. I already know more about the rules than Fleur or Krum do, and the longer I stay here, the likelier I am to give myself away, or worse, make myself look even stupider in front of Fleur. I glance from Flitwick to McGonagall to Dumbledore and beg my leave, then hurry off. A moment later, Potter is beside me, trotting to keep up. Damn it. Think happy thoughts. "So, er," he says. "Hm?" I say as dismissively as I can, vainly hoping he'll get the hint and go away before I kick him. "Do you, er. Do you remember, before?" he asks. That idiot . For all he knows, Snape or Fake Moody could be eavesdropping on us right now. Or Snape might try to read my mind. In fact, he probably will. Hmm. I'll have to do something about that. "You mean, just now?" I say as blandly as I can. He gives me a long look, then shakes his head. "Right. Yeah. Crouch said the first task was on the twenty-fourth, right?" "Right," I say, although honestly I'm not sure. "Say … we're both out of our depth, here. What do you say we help each other out? I mean, nothing overt, I'm not saying we should cheat . Just, you know, we'd both prefer a Hogwarts victory, right?" I seriously doubt my ability to put up with him for more than five minutes at a time without staving his useless face in, and he won't tell me anything helpful because I already know what all the tasks are, but if I really were fourteen, there's no way I'd go three rounds with cockatrice-level threats without asking for as much assistance as I could get. "That sounds fair," says Potter. He offers me a hand to shake; I shut my eyes and take it. "I mean, we're just fourteen, right? I'll let you know if I hear anything about the tasks." "Thanks, Potter," I say. "I'm Harry to my friends," he says with a smile. I'm sorely tempted to point out that that makes us conspirators, not friends, but that would be just a bit too rude. "Well, this is the turn-off for Ravenclaw Tower, so … I'll see you around, I guess," I say instead. It's actually not the shortest route, but I'm about to say something I'll regret. "Oh, okay," he says. "Well. Good night, then, Su." … AN: Most do-over fics are terminally short on dramatic tension, being basically canon except duller; the only reason I gave this idea a second thought was that in it, there are five time travellers, and while they are nominally divided into two opposing teams, in reality, each of them is a greater threat to their 'allies' than their enemies are. I figure this is enough to guarantee tension, one way or another. This is a pilot chapter; I'm trying to get over my Milk block as much as anything else, but if it's terribly unpopular I may drop the remaining story and cannibalise it to write something else. I'm also sitting on an original sci-fi inspired by a binge on Rebuild of Evangelion, and the embryonic love child of Worm and Sailor Moon.