her emotions like she never had before. "If you feel it then say it, if you don't I'll understand. I never expected an answer I just thought you should know. Thank you for the happiest night of my life, and thank you for being you." Luna's eyes seemed to tear up as she continued on towards her dormitory. Harry watched her go his mind still reeling from everything that had happened. A part of him wanted to go after her and tell he loved her and make her smile again...but did he love her...really? He thought he loved Cho, hell he thought he was in love with Ginny, but neither of them had told him they loved him. Cho had hardly said she had liked him at all. Harry his friendship with Luna flash before his eyes, He saw Luna comforting him by the Thestrals, he saw her pulling him out of his grief after Sirius died. He remembered how she rescued him from Draco's attack by wearing those Godric awful glasses. The memory made Harry smile more than any of the others. He also remembered her fighting alongside him at the DOP and how she seemed to put her new friends before herself. Most of all he remembered the overwhelming feelings that coursed through him as he held her in his arms. Before Harry knew what he was doing he was sprinting down the hall. Harry felt his lungs bursting through his chest as he caught sight of Luna listening to the Ravenclaw door's riddle. "What is at the end of a rainbow?" "Luna!" Harry shouted trying to catch her attention. "No, it's definitely not "Luna," She muttered to herself. "The obvious answer is a pot of leprechaun gold but that seems too obvious." "Luna!" Harry gasped as he reached and started panting. "Oh hi Harry do you know the answer." Luna asked with a smile. "Luna...I love you!" Harry shouted desperately. "Oh I got it." Luna said getting excited. "The end of rainbow is w." The door opened and Luna gave Harry a quick hug before running into the dormitory. Before Harry could blink the door had shut and asked. "How can the number four be half of five?" Harry stared at the door for a few seconds before turning around walking up to the wall and started bashing his head upon it. This lasted for ten seconds before Harry herd the door open and swiftly turned around. Luna standing in the open doorway as she took a tentative step she muttered. "Hi." Harry felt his blood turn to ice, the adrenaline had long since left him and now he had once again become a nervous wreck. Still he couldn't help but smile. "Hi Luna." Luna seemed to swallow as she nervously asked. "Did you just say..." "I love you." Harry blurted out before he fear overcame him. "Why would you say that?"Luna gasped as she seemed to tremble. Harry chuckled as he felt a sudden sense of Déjà vu. He felt his voice shake as he replied. "I said it because I meant it, why else would I say it?" Luna bolted across the room and lunged into Harry's arms. Luna started kissing him but it was not how he would have expected her too. She was kissing his lips, but his cheeks, his nose his eyes his forehead, all over his face. Overwhelmed Harry caught her coming in and their lips finally met. Luna froze and her eyes were wider than ever before as she stared into Harry's, lips still connected. Then she closed her eyes and grabbed Harry's head and tried to crush their lips together with as much force and passion as she could muster. Harry grabbed Luna's head and added to the forced causing her to let a breath but high pitched moan get his lips. Luna seemed to lick Harry's lips that obliged as he parted his mouth. Luna's eyes opened again as their tongues danced, Luna swooned as her eyes rolled up the back of her head as she closed her eyes and purred with happiness. Harry could tell along they had been entwined in passion. It felt like hours but was likely only minutes, before they parted. Luna's eyes were close as she looked as if she had achieve inner peace even as she gasped for breath.. Harry smiled madly as he caressed her face with his hand and Luna sighed and shook, all but collapsing into his arms. Harry felt his chest get wet as he realized Luna was crying. Harry started to panic before he heard her whisper. "Godric, it's only love Harry but I have so much of love for you it hurts. I love you Harry, I love you so much." Harry smiled as held her realizing why Luna had said she loved him. She didn't shelter feelings, she embraced them and reveled in them. Luna could not remember the last time she had felt truly loved and as Harry followed her and focused on his own emotions he found himself crying with her. If it was anyone else Harry would have been horrified but with Luna in his arms he felt like a vagabond that had finally found his home. The two young lovers stared into each other's eyes and Harry so overwhelmed spoke from his heart. "Marry me." ... ... "Oh bugger..." I hope you enjoyed this little one-shot about the simplest and most complicated thing in the world (Luna) If you like Harry/Luna stories please read my story called The Curious Case of Luna Lovegood. Please leave reviews and follow/favorite my story, OH what is the answer to the riddle, if you get it without looking it up...you get to name a character in The Curious Case of Luna Lovegood. Make it strange if you like but try to pick a useable name though, I will overrule it if I have to " How can the number four be half of five? "