yes," Slughorn said impatiently. I must be mad, but yes." "Wonderful," Dumbledore said beaming. "Then, Horace, we shall see you on the first of September." They left the house and set off down the garden path. Turning the corner Dumbledore looked at both of them and said "Well done Harry, James." He instructed the boys to grasp his forearm again and Harry felt his brother's tight warm grasp on his hand again before the tight claustrophobic sensation of Apparition. When he regained the ability to breathe again Harry saw that they were standing in a country lane looking ahead to the crooked silhouette of the Burrow. Harry's spirits lifted when he saw it. Ron was there! And so was Mrs. Weasley, who could cook better than anyone he knew… "If you don't mind, boys," Dumbledore said, as they passed through the gate, "I'd like a few words with you two before we part. In private. Perhaps in here?" Dumbledore pointed toward a run-down stone outhouse where the Weasleys kept their broomsticks. Puzzled the boys followed Dumbledore, Harry glancing at James who kept patting his pocket. "What are you doing?" he whispered. "I'll show you when we're inside," James said with a grin on his face. Harry blushed but nodded. In the broom closet Dumbledore smiled down at the books. "I hope you will forgive me for mentioning it, Harry, James, but I am pleased and a little proud at how well you seem to be coping after everything that happened at the Ministry. Permit me to say that I think Sirius would have been proud of you both." Harry swallowed; his voice seemed to have deserted him as his mind went back to every night since that event. He remembered every night he couldn't breathe, tears kept flowing from his eyes as a depressing sadness choked him night after night. He only found comfort from his brother's touches and kisses, his brother's lips on his cheeks and forehead as they held onto each other. Harry felt his brother's hand immediately over his own and squeezed it. James has always been Harry's rock. He couldn't even begin to imagine his life without his brother. "Now onto the main reason boys why I want to talk with you," Dumbledore said. Harry looked up in shock. He barely realized that Dumbledore and James have been talking for five minutes. "It is my wish that you both take private lessons with me this year." "Private—with you?" Harry asked speaking for the first time. "Yes, I think it is time that I took a greater hand in your educations." "What will you be teaching us, sir?" James asked. "Oh, a little this, a little that," Dumbledore said airily. "Now before we part boys, just two things. Firstly, I wish you keep the Invisibility Cloak with you at all times from this moment onward. Even within Hogwarts itself. Just in case, you understand me? Always stick together boys. We are in more dangerous times than I have imagined. Secondly, while you stay here, the Burrow has been given the highest security the Ministry of Magic can provide. These measures have caused a certain amount of inconveniences to Arthur and Molly—al their post, for instance, is being searched at the Ministry before being sent on. They do not mind in the slightest, for their only concern is your safety. However, it would be poor repayment if you risked your necks while staying with them." "We understand," James said. "Very well, then," Dumbledore said, pushing open the broom shed door and stepping out into the yard. "I see a light in the kitchen. Let us not deprive Molly any longer of the chance to deplore how thin you are Harry." They followed Dumbledore and Harry looked at James as he ruffled through his pocket and pulled out two photographs. "Took these from Slughorn," James smiled. "It's mum…" Harry looked at the first photograph in James's hand. His eyes went as big as saucers when he saw James was right. It was a picture of Slughorn and a few students and there, next to Slughorn, stood Lily Evens her red hair reaching her shoulders and her green eyes shimmering slightly as she smiled at the camera. "Mum…" Harry said. "Yeah," James said. "And this one… I don't know why I took it, the boy in here… he just called to me. He's very handsome. Not as cute as you though Harry." He added a little smirk to fight off his blush. Harry looked at the photograph and felt his heart drop. Though there were multiple boys in the picture as well as Slughorn himself in the middle, only one person drew the eyes to him. He was a handsome boy with dark eyes and hair. He had a mysterious look on his face, his lips pulled slightly upwards with a smirk that showed he was superior to everyone around him. His arms were at his sides and yet he held all the power in the photograph. Harry's eyes glanced up at James and then at Dumbledore who was at the door talking with Mrs. Weasley. James was blushing as Mrs. Weasley ushered them in and closed the door after saying her goodbyes to Dumbledore. She made the twins sit at the table and turned to the stove to fix some food for them. "James," Harry whispered, his eyes glancing at Mrs. Weasley making sure she wasn't listening. His voice was fully of worry and fear. "James, this is Tom Riddle… he's Voldemort!" A/N: New story and take 2 on the twins thing! Just so you know there will be twincest mainly between good ol' Fred and George but Harry and James do share some kisses on their cheeks and forehead (as well as sleep mostly naked in the same bed). Also I'm beginning to love Harry learning the Dark Arts. It's fun! If you like the story consider giving a review, it'll motivate me to continue this lovely tale.