heard Sirius, there's a trial next week" "We're of age now, we can use magic to follow them and find out what's going on" they nodded to each other. Sirius climbed the stairs and walked into one of the second floor bedrooms that had already been cleaned. It was free of dust and grime. The walls were a pale yellow, the queen sized bed was against the back wall and the bedding white. There was light wooden flooring and white furniture in the form of a bedside table and a chest of drawers. There was a walk in closet, a bay window and an ensuite bathroom. He put Hermione into bed and covered her with the blanket. He had a feeling he should stay and so he changed into Padfoot, jumped on the bed and curled up at the end of the bed. Two hours later Remus came up to the room with food. Sirius changed back and took the food from Remus but he stayed on the bed whilst he ate. "What happened?" "When you left Albus and I gave our statements. Mr and Mrs Granger were both taken into custody and charged with physical and sexual abuse; seems Mrs Granger knew about the abuse and sometimes participated in the physical abuse" Sirius gripped his fork tightly and the handle bent. "The trial is next Tuesday at ten o'clock. Albus, myself, you and Hermione have to be in attendance. He is also bringing along Minerva to speak out on Hermione's judge of character. No doubt Molly and Arthur will wish to attend. Dumbledore has called a meeting in a few days time so we may discuss what is to be said. We need a cover story as to why we were there in the first place, and we obviously can't reveal anything about magic, Hogwarts or her classes. On the statement I am still Professor Lupin, it explains why I was there too" Remus spoke and Sirius nodded. Remus looked at Hermione. "How's she been?" "The occasional whimper or mumbled word, but other than that she's been okay. Whatever they gave her was strong enough to knock her out" Remus nodded. "NO, PLEASE DON'T! I'LL BE GOOD, I PROMISE!" Padfoot startled awake as he saw Hermione thrashing around in her sleep and crying. He quickly changed into Sirius and pulled her to him. He whispered in her ear and rocked her until she calmed down. He was glad he had put silencing wards around the room otherwise the whole house would've woken up. He changed into Padfoot and Hermione clung to him in her sleep for the rest of the night. The next day Hermione didn't leave the room. Remus brought up breakfast and a cup of coffee for Sirius and a bowl of cut up fruit and orange juice for Hermione. He used the password he knew Sirius had put on the door so only he and Remus could get into the room. Ginny, Ron and the twins all emerged from their rooms at the same time and they made their way to the staircase. They watched as Remus whispered a password and entered the room, opening it enough to enter, but not far enough for the four teens to look in. When he did open the door, they heard a loud sobbing and the twins looked at each other sadly. "I wonder who is in there" Ginny said. "Yeah" Ron agreed, but the twins knew. "I wonder what happened after that alarm stopped" Ron mused and they all made their way down to breakfast. Lunch was the same. Remus taking food up to Sirius and Hermione, the door opening and the teens hearing sobs. The same with dinner. Sirius hadn't come out of the room since the evening before and neither had Hermione. The rest of the week followed in the same manner. No one had seen or spoken to Sirius in the past six days except for Remus. Hermione stopped spending the day crying after the third day at Grimmauld. Sirius explained where she was and they talked about many things. Eventually he got her to open up to him about her parents and he had locked himself in the ensuite bathroom for two hours to help calm himself down. He told her about his parents and they formed a bond. He had managed to make her laugh a few times when he talked about his Marauder years and it warmed his heart to hear the sound. She had started eating the food Remus brought up for them after some encouragement and her quantity of food intake increased and she seemed to be slowly putting weight back on, thanks to the nutrition potion they put into her pumpkin juice. She would have nightmares every night and Sirius would talk to her until she calmed down and then change into Padfoot and lay next to her until the morning. Ron and Ginny were still clueless as to who was in the room, but Fred and George knew. It was now the day before the trial. Remus had been back to the Granger house to pack up Hermione's belongings and he brought them back to Grimmauld. Seeing Hermione didn't have much clothing Sirius gave Mrs Weasley his vault number and told her to buy anything Hermione would like at Diagon Alley and he had Tonks do the same for the muggle world since she had visited many times before. "Hermione, where's Crookshanks?" Remus asked softly. "I couldn't find him when I went to collect your belongings" Hermione started crying. "He killed him. Crookshanks tried to protect me and he killed him, I buried him in the back garden by the tree and that earned me a beating" Sirius growled, he liked Crookshanks, he was his friend and he helped him when he had escaped from Azkaban. "I'm sorry" Remus said quietly. "You should get some sleep Kitten, the trial's in the morning" Hermione nodded and crawled into bed.