clutched in his arms. Due to his name most of Draco's toys were dragons but none of these had ranked as his all-time favourite. No, the toy that was dragged around by him almost constantly was a fluffy light brown rabbit with long ears. "Draco! Don't forget you almost forgot Peter Rabbit ?" Narcissa cried out dramatically, reaching down to straighten the blue jacket the much loved stuffed toy wore. It had been a gift from Andromeda, a representation of the main character of one of Draco's favourite story books by the muggle author, Beatrix Potter. "Whatever would have happened to Flopsy, Mopsey and Cotton-Tail if their brother hadn't made the move with them?" "I wasn't going to forget him!" Draco protested. "I just didn't want to pack him away in the dark suitcase. Peter Rabbit doesn't like the dark. It's full of monsters and people in masks." And didn't that cause all of their hearts to clench, that Draco was old enough for one of his fears to be of people wearing masks. This no doubt stemmed from the times he'd accidently witness his father returning from performing tasks for the Dark Lord wearing his distractive and purposefully frightening Death Eater mask. It had scared Narcissa the first time she'd seen it so no doubt it had scared their son, the metallic skull lingering in his young mind. "You'll have to hold on tight to Peter Rabbit when we travel or you might lose him," Lucius, the first of the three adults to recover, informed him. Draco nodded so vigorously his platinum blond hair fell into his eyes. "How about you say goodbye to Uncle Severus whilst mummy and I get the house all shut up? It's almost time for us to go to our new house." Draco was very excited about the prospect of moving house. "I should never have let you go by yourself today," Lucius murmured, his voice noticeably choked as he followed his wife out of the room. Simultaneously they raised their wands, both made of smooth black wood, and began casting spells to lock all of the windows and close up the shutters, to cover the chandeliers and any furniture they weren't taking with them in dust sheets. "I knew how they were react and still I let you face them alone." Narcissa placed a hand gently on his arm. "I couldn't have faced them knowing that Draco was unprotected," she admitted softly, thinking of how her older sister had always been a fraction too interested in Draco before she'd finally gone too far and been arrested. Apolline had been almost as bad before she married and had a child of her own, a daughter she'd named Fleur after her husband's grandmother. "I had no idea she would react as violently as she did but I'll be all right. I'll be better once we've settled into our new home and can begin our new lives together." It was all she'd been able to think about for weeks. Lucius finished closing up the house by locking the front door and strengthening the wards around the vast property. Linking her arm through his the couple shared a loving kiss before re-joining their son who was busy regaling his godfather with the latest adventure he'd had with Peter Rabbit and how they were both excited about seeing their new bedroom. "Draco, time to go," Narcissa called out, opening her arms to pick up her son but Lucius beat her to it. He responded to her frown by gesturing towards her still healing ribs. "I'm fine." "There's no need to aggravate your ribs any more than they already will be simply by travelling via international apparation," her husband responded calmly as he settled his son on his hip, locking his arm around Draco's squirming body. "Would you mind carrying the suitcase? It has a feather-light charm on it to counteract the internal expansion charm." Glaring softly at her husband Narcissa made a show of picking up the suitcase. "We'll be expecting you around for Sunday lunch next week, Severus," she informed him firmly, stepping forwards in order to press a kiss to his cheek. "12 o'clock. Don't be late." Wisely the young man in question chose not to argue with her. Offering their friend's one final wave the family apparated to the international apparation point, Severus apparating back to Hogsmeade village at the same moment. It was understandably busy at the international apparation point with people arriving and departing for both business and pleasure, sometimes families like the Malfoys, sometimes individual men and women dressed in their smartest robes. They checked in at the registration desk, Lucius handing over the parchment granting them their departure slot, and then made their way to the queue for the Central European Apparation Point . They'd agonised about where to go for their new start and had eventually decided to purchase a comfortable house in the magical village of 'Bâtons Croisés' which was located to the north of the muggle city Lausanne in Switzerland. 'Bâtons Croisés' was well-known for being something of a progressive community, forward thinking and very welcoming. Of the people they'd been in contact to regarding the house sale and getting the place ready for them they had had no trouble at all, not even when their wartime affiliations had come up. Draco had fallen unusually silent by the time they took their place inside the roped off area. "Time to begin our new adventure, my little dragon." A/N – Don't ask me where this idea came from. I was literally driving home from work one day and thought to myself, "I wonder what would happen if you swapped Draco and Fleur around" and…well…apparently that was enough for my brain to latch on to and not let go until I started planning and then subsequently writing. I've got a rough idea of where this is going to go but I am definitely open to suggestions. Comments also welcome. X