for the magic to bond together? If nature wants balance, shouldn't it have been achieved by now?" Apparently this was where the healer decided it this was her information to share. "Unfortunately, Miss Granger, it seems nature isn't quite capable enough of blending Light and Dark magic, while it resides in another being. It's only capable of doing so as it is returned to its natural state, without attachment, or affiliation. it cannot simply force your Light magic to mix with the Dark magic. It's taken us 2 weeks to come up with a solution that doesn't involve death." At this Hermione could only stare at them. So what, this would never end unless she died?! Well, isn't that a happy thought. "You said you've found a solution though"…. She really didn't want to get her hopes up too high. "You know we love you, no matter what, right Hermione?" Harry asked her, finally making eye contact. "We'll always be here for you." "If you're trying not to scare me Harry, you just failed miserably" she said, trying desperately to lighten the mood. No one even cracked a smile. Tough crowd. "The plan isn't terribly complicated actually, and there is only a very small chance of it not succeeding." Harry had seemed to gain more confidence, now that he was realizing she hadn't ripped into anyone yet for only now talking to her, two weeks later. "We realized the problem was that your magic is trying to squash together Light and Dark magic. So we just needed to find something else for the Dark magic to attach to…. I guess it would be more appropriate to say someone else." "Can we do that? Can we force nature to allow the magic to bond with someone else?" If she thought about it, this all really was terribly fascinating. Or would be if it was about someone else. "No, no, the magic is still going to bond with you, we just need to give the Dark magic something else to latch onto first, instead of trying to ram itself into your magical core like a battering ram." Harry's courage seemed short lived as he started to shrink back a little bit from her as he finished his thought. "If we bond you with someone, who the Dark magic is more sympathetic with, then the magic can flow through that more natural bond instead. We're basically giving it direction instead of smashing up against you." "Wait…. Are you saying I have to bond with someone…. and because the magic is looking for balance it'll probably have to be for the rest of my life…. So, what like a marriage bond?" Hermiones voice had begun to rise in pitch until she only squeaked out the last bit. "Thats exactly what it means Hermione." Harry sighed, looking at the floor again. Coward. "We have to find someone who's own magical core can withstand the addition of that much magic. Someone who's magic is far enough over on the spectrum that they can accept magic that Dark." "Well, what the hell kind of person can take in Voldemorts leftover!" She shrieked. This was not going well. They may need to give her the Calming Draught the healer brought after all. "I'm going to have to spend the rest of my life attached to someone, who's magic is Dark enough to be sympathetic to Voldemorts, where are you going to find someone like that who doesn't just up and kill me instead?!" She was up and pacing at this point. "The only people we've found able to even come remotely close to withstanding his magic, are the Death Eaters we captured." There was a strained silence at Kingsley's announcement. "What. The. Actual. Fuck. Kingsley. Why don't we just murder me now! Save someone else the trouble!" She was really working herself up into hysterics now. "This is officially one of the worst ideas I've ever heard, and I'm friends with the Weasley twins! I'll just go spend the rest of my life with someone who hates me becomes my parents don't have magic! I can't possibly see this going wrong, in any way!" She had begun gesticulating wildly. Hermiones tirade was cut short by the beeping on one of the monitors. "Times up Minister, we really need to get moving before we get caught in here." The healer came bustling forward, forcing Hermione back into the bed. Hermione's eyes only widened as she felt full blown panic take over. "Times up for what? What's going on? What are you doing?!" Hermione demanded as the healer started pulling out potions from her pockets and setting them on the bedside table, while forcing Hermione to lie back down. Kingsley suddenly looked very tired as he said "thats the timer Hermione. Our 3 hours is up. We have to put you back under again I'm afraid. We can't be in here when the magic tries to bond again, and I'm sure you don't want to feel it again either, we'll wake you back up when we have anything more to tell you." At that Kingsley made a quick exit. Leaving poor Harry behind watching his best friend be restrained with potions being forced down her throat. "Harry, please don't leave me like this, I'm begging you!" Hermione had completely given in to the panic by now, tears flowing freely "Just wake me back up when its over. Don't let me just stay here until you have something new to tell me! Don't let them do this to me, please Harry! There's still so much unanswered, don't do this!" Harry just watched sadly from his spot against the wall talking softly. "I'm so sorry Hermione, you need to trust us, this is the only way. You'll understand later, I promise. I'm so sorry. I'm sorry." The last thing she saw before the darkness came again, was the sad but determined look on Harry's face as he closed the door behind him.