they could hear the creaking of floorboards upstairs as Hermione walked around, probably pacing in a train of thought. 'Well the ministry promised us protection since dad works there, they told us to not be afraid of being at home and to just continue indoors as normal. So we thought since they told us that that it would be fine,' Ron paused for a moment and Harry realised now that he had stopped crying and was looking very stone-like now. 'The zombies – they broke in one night and just attacked us. There was no protection, we had to fend for ourselves and that's when they got mum. We didn't have our wands, they got us completely unaware so we just used whatever was close at hand, knives, books, dishes...eventually they were all gone.' 'That's terrible,' Harry said with an ember of rage building in his body from the incompetence of the ministry. Ron nodded breaking the shell of his stone-like figure. 'Dad...he went absolutely insane and was yelling at all of us, and then crying so loudly...he told us to find somewhere safe and then just used the fireplace to go to the ministry. He said he was going to kill them.' Ron finished. 'That's horrible Ron, I'm sorry you had to go through something as traumatic as this.' Ron shook his head, 'me and Hermione have already discussed this anyway, she came the same day all of this happened the moment I told her. We agreed it would just be best to not really talk about it, we need to keep focused and make sure we are safe.' Ron's courage and determination was a pleasant shock to Harry. 'And I'm sorry I didn't send owl to tell you anything about this earlier but it's difficult with your aunt and uncle,' Ron said quickly, giving Harry some eye contact for the first time in this conversation. 'Ron don't be silly, I appreciate you telling me all about this now.' 'Well, now you know and we don't really need to talk about it any more, we just need to stay alive.' Harry wanted to ask about Ginny, he wanted to know where she was and if she was safe. But the redness in Ron's eyes and the pain in his voice made Harry think better of it. He would hope to find out later on maybe. The atmosphere of the Burrow to Harry had never been so dark and bleak. Without the warmth of Molly's smile and her excellent cooking or the banter between Fred and George this home felt more like a hut where people slept to Harry. The creaking of floorboards where Hermione marched upstairs added to the affect of gloominess because the sound was only there due to a disagreement between best friends; the sound was only there because Hermione was suffocating on the fumes of burning books in her mind for a way out of this situation more logical than the car. 'So Killfiz was it?' Harry asked Ron as they set up another round of butterbeer in the living room. 'Oh, yea,' Ron croaked before clearing his throat, 'Fred and George were working the moment the ministry said light could attract the zombies. It's basically a lumos spell encased in Sneeve hardened Sneeve blood.' 'What's a Sneeve?' Harry asked. 'They're pretty common, if you dig around your garden you might find one. They're like worms but rather than eating the dirt they make tunnels by magically moving the dirt in front of them. They actually go really fast in any direction underground by doing that which is why Fred tells me they're so hard to catch. They look similar to worms but they're normally green and sometimes blue.' 'That's interesting, but I don't think I've ever seen one. Do you know why their blood is good to put a lumos spell inside?' Harry was happy to ask anything about this topic now, it seemed to lighten the spirit of the place. Ron shook his head, 'I haven't really seen much of my brothers for a few days, but the next time I see them I'll definitely ask. All they told us was the zombies don't see the light.' Harry looked up at the Killfiz light above. The Sneeve blood was a wicked purple and inside was a dancing ball of light. It was quite remarkable that Fred and George even thought such a thing would work, but then Harry thought to himself that Fred and George were just quite remarkable at creating things completely. 'I bet you're wondering why the car is back, right?' Ron asked Harry. 'I am, it looks just as good as it did when we flew it those years ago too. What happened?' Ron smiled, 'well it doesn't speak English but from the way it returned my dad thinks it developed some sort of attachment to the Burrow. Like a dog to his owner, they can find their way back home.' 'That's really strange, it's like the car has thoughts and feelings,' Harry said amused. 'Yup, Hermione thinks the enchantment on it is cruel, she thinks it has developed emotions and thought which is why returned.' Harry shook his head, 'it's a car...next she'll be creating little hats with Society for the Promotion of Aluminium Welfare on them.' They chuckled together. 'Thanks for the butterbeer, I think we need to talk to Hermione soon about what to do,' Harry said after some time. Ron nodded, 'if she isn't up for the car I don't mind, but if she still hasn't got a plan...' 'Yea, if she hasn't got a plan then I think she just needs to use ours. One plan is better than no plan. Why don't we go up and ask her about it?' 'Sure,' Ron said. 'We'll have to talk to her about finding Luna too,' Harry reminded Ron. 'I know, let's go get our sentence,' Ron joked. They both laughed together and went upstairs to see Hermione.