Ministry, it would be foolish of me to contest that. Far better that I say nothing, and go along with them, than contest her imprisonment and be prohibited from seeing her." Mother eyed Draco for a moment. "Do you understand me?" Draco might not have, had he not been subjected to that enlightening talk about red and green with Dumbledore. Mother meant to tell him he could go along with people to keep them happy, without necessarily acting to help them, or agreeing with them. She certainly had given him something to think about, something he wouldn't have considered before because it seemed too… sneaky, or something. If Draco disagreed with people, he had a tendency to tell them so, and Granger had once suggested that was why he struggled to make friends. But now, Draco had friends, and he wanted to go along with them, regardless of what his family thought. He still cared for his family, but they could be rather narrow-minded about certain things, and stubborn about others. His Sorting, for example. Draco would have huffed, but Mother was still there, watching him closely. So maybe it's my family that I go along with to keep happy, the way that Mother goes along with the Ministry…? Draco frowned, thinking. That would mean his loyalty was to his friends, rather than his family… Or, it could mean my loyalty is to me, and what makes me happy, and what keeps me alive, Draco told himself, and nodded. "I understand," he said slowly, thinking that Mother probably hadn't intended for him to reach this conclusion. "Very good," Mother said. "So, no more reckless adventures?" "None," Draco said, and then added silently, that you'll know or worry about. Mother's expression flickered, and Draco wondered if she'd guessed what he was thinking. He hastily cleared his expression, the way he'd seen Severus do, and then pasted an earnest smile onto his face. Mother smiled back, and then hesitantly reached out to clasp Draco's hand. "I'm glad," she said, her voice shaking ever so slightly. She glanced at the desk, where Draco's quill was steadily dripping ink onto what had been a blank piece of parchment. Mother's expression tightened and she released Draco's hand and smoothed her robes. "I see I interrupted you," she said quietly. She hesitated and then said, "Are you writing to your friends?" "If that's all right?" he said. "I can't see why it wouldn't be," Mother replied. Draco watched her face closely. Not a lie, he thought, as Hydrus bellowed for Mother from downstairs, and she slipped out of Draco's room. Perhaps she doesn't know? He discarded that thought immediately. Father doesn't keep secrets from Mother. "Are you taking it?" Remus asked, through numb lips. A steaming coffee cup slid onto the table in front of him. "Thank you," he managed, and their waitress, who would usually have stopped to chat – they were on friendly terms with her, because they were at the Ministry coffee shop so often – glanced between them and slipped away. "If I'd decided, I would have said so," Dora said, apparently exasperated. "I wanted to see what you thought before I committed to anything." Remus said nothing for a moment, busying himself with adding sugar to his coffee. Dora made an impatient noise. "Well? What do you think?" Remus took a sip, then set his cup down. "I think it sounds like a wonderful opportunity," he said quietly. "Do you want to go?" "Like you said, it's a fantastic opportunity," Dora replied, her hair turning a sunny yellow, for just a moment. Then it returned to bubblegum pink. "But I- well- Mum and Dad are here, and all of my friends are here, you're here... And- well, it's so abrupt! I have a week to give them an answer, and if I take it, it's only another week until I'd have to start! But Scrimgeour and Mad-Eye and Charlus Potter are the legends in our Ministry, but they're only that way because of Elliot Pinard! And after they did this thing, Potter and Scrimgeour both went on to be Head Auror!" Dora had a dreamy look on her face. "I mean, Pinard was an Auror during Grindelwald's time… the things he must have learned- and Anastasiya Orlov, and Ken Sato are huge names. I grew up reading their biographies- well, not Sato's, but he's only five years older than I am, so-" "You haven't answered the question," Remus said quietly, taking another sip of his coffee. Dore murmured a thank you to the waitress, who was back with a cup of tea, and looked up. There was a very small, very nervous smile on her face. "I think that this might be something I'd like to do," she said, watching him closely. Should have known, he thought. If it wasn't my- problem that ruined everything, something would have. He watched her fondly, from across the table. She's young and smart and talented. The offer, for advanced Auror training was evidence of that; Dora had told him only ten of them, from all around the world had made it in, and Dora was one of only three in Europe that had been offered a place. If that didn't prove her talent, Remus didn't know what could. And then there's me… old – well, old compared to her - and poor and broken, like I've been telling her for years, now. I'm a school teacher, and only because Dumbledore doesn't listen to the Ministry. "It's a wonderful opportunity," Remus heard himself say again, and forced a smile at her from across the table. "Isn't it?" she almost squealed. "Strange that it's located in France, and not somewhere more central, but I suppose it is organised by Pinard, and he's a bit old to be moving too far these days…" As Dora babbled on, excitedly, Remus watched her with that same, forced smile fixed carefully in place, while his world crashed down around him.