turned to Ron. Ginny stopped to place a silencing charm in the room so that Harry's yells wouldn't be heard throughout the castle. "Ronald! Can't you get him to quiet down! We can hear him all the way over in the girl's dorms!" Ron donned a look of indignation and stood from the bed, "You say that like I haven't tried! You know what he's like when he's having a nightmare! Nothing can calm him down until he wakes up!" "Well can't you try anything?" "I have tried things! How about you take a go at it!" "I will!" Hermione pushed past Ron and started to reach a hand towards Harry. "NO!" Hermione halted her motions and turned to look wide-eyed at Ron. "Don't touch him! It makes it worse!" "How do you know?" Hermione crossed her arms. "Because I've done this hundreds of times, 'Mione, and I know from experience," Ron spoke slowly, as if talking to a young child. "I don't believe you," Hermione pursed her lips and raised a challenging eyebrow at Ron. "Fine then. Go ahead and try it, but don't blame me when things don't go your way." Ginny and the Marauders continued to watch Ron and Hermione's spat in silence, waiting for the next move. Hermione harumphed and leaned down to touch Harry's shoulder. The second her skin touched his body, his screams became more panicked and he shot forward in the bed. The names that were only muttered before were now being yelled, like Harry was pleading. Hermione jolted back in surprise and turned to Ron with wide eyes. Instead of the smug expression she expected, he looked disappointed. He had hoped that this time it would work, but like always, it didn't. Ginny had started to move forward, now, deciding it was her turn. Ron noticed and immediately tried to pull her back. "Get off of me, Ron!" "No, Ginevra! You'll get hurt if you move any closer. He's worse now, and if he senses someone by him, he'll think that they're trying to hurt him." "I don't care! We need to wake him before he hurts himself!" "Ginny!" Ron still hadn't taken his hands off of Ginny, and she was getting angrier by the second. "Ronald Bilius, I swear on Merlin's mother that if you do not take your hands off me this second, I will curse you so bad that our parents will feel it. You understand?" Ron grudgingly removed his hands and Ginny continued on her path to Harry. "NO! STOP! LET HER GO! LET HER GO! GINNY! GINNY!" Ginny moved closer with each one of Harry's yells. When she got to the side of the bed, she started to speak softly. "Harry? Harry, it's okay, love. I'm okay. Nothing bad is going to happen. We've been through enough already, yeah? Remember my first year? We got through that. And when we went to the Ministry, we made it out. It's okay, Harry, it'll be okay." With each word, Harry seemed to calm down more, his shouts were now low, regretful moans. Ron looked astounded at what she accomplished. After years of Harry's nightmares, he hadn't once been able to calm him down. Ginny continued to talk to him, even as her name stopped being spoken, and was now replaced by others. She spoke in a whisper so that the only the people from her time would hear her, "Teddy will be alright, Harry. He's got you to help him. You'll do such a good job, too, Harry. Tonks will be proud. I know she will. And Remus, too. He picked a good man for godfather." Small tears were now falling down her cheeks as she remembered those who died. "And don't you worry about Fred." She sniffled. Ron grabbed on to Hermione's hand at the utterance of his brother's name, and she squeezed his in response. They listened to Ginny, as she continued to calm Harry down. His breaths were starting to even out and he didn't jolt again when Ginny started to stroke his hair. "He's going to be alright, Harry. George is, too. You know what George told me? He told me that he and Fred were now the Holy Spirit. I asked him why, and do you know what he said?" Her voice was loud enough for everyone to hear again. She couldn't keep her voice as low now that her tears were heavier, "He said they were the Holy Spirit because he was still holey, and that Fred was dead now, but he was still here in spirit. See Harry, we'll all be okay. We'll be okay," she lowered her voice again and whispered 'I love you' to his sleeping form. Ginny leaned down and placed a soft kiss on Harry's forehead and stood back up. She walked over to Ron and looked him in the eye as she spoke to him. They both had tear tracks on their faces, but Ginny ignored them and held her head high, "You're not the only one who talks him down, Ron. I've done it plenty of times, too." With that, she left the room, everyone else left in a stunned silence. After what felt like hours, Peter broke the silence, "So, uh, anyone care to explain what that was?" Ron and Hermione snapped out of their reverie and Hermione wiped her eyes as she turned to the boys, "It's not our story to tell." She sniffled and looked away from the Marauders to Ron. She kissed him on the cheek, then pulled him into a hug, she whispered something in his ear, which consequently made him tighten their embrace. When they broke apart, Hermione bid everyone goodnight and went to make sure Ginny was okay. As soon as she left, Ron crawled into his own bed and went to sleep for the rest of the night. The Marauders stood confused and silently agreed to figure out what was going on. So, what do you think? -Jules