on muggle teeth." "Charity, do you really think someone like Ms. Granger would make a mistake like that?" Flitwick asked doubtfully. "I am rather sure that Mr. Black heard her wrong." "No, that is what she said that her mother uses drills on people's teeth." Sirius replied and the blond trying to exit the hall through the same door as his godfather stopped to eavesdrop as the wizard explained that he had done some checking and found out that dentists were apparently very feared in the muggle world. There were some frowns then most of the staff turned to look at the young muggleborn student who was whispering to Harry and missed their stares. The others at the Gryffindor table didn't and told the duo quietly speaking what they could see. Hermione looked up and saw that they were staring at the group and looked at Harry with pity in her eyes said "What do you think he has done now?" "I don't know but with the way they are looking this way, it doesn't look like this year will be anymore peaceful than the ones preceding it." Harry replied in a resigned tone. "You know, it looks like they are looking at Hermione, not you, Harry." George replied after a few minutes of watching the professors. When those looks changed from quizzical to horror, he said "No, I must have been wrong. It's only Harry that ever gets those looks." Ron noticed that the table behind them was missing a certain blond git and after looking around the room said "Malfoy is gone." "Yeah, I saw him speaking to Warrington awhile ago." Fred replied. "He just left by the side door near the professor's table." Downstairs in the dungeon, Draco Malfoy knocked on his godfather's door and was soon let into his quarters. "Draco, I don't have time or the inclination to deal with your foolishness right now. So unless it is important, I suggest that you let it go until tomorrow." When the blond didn't say anything, Snape looked over at the boy and said "I spoke to your father about your regrettable lapse in judgment on the train and he has agreed to cede to my suggestion of punishment." The blond merely stood there as he outlined the rather harsh punishment being meted out without even protesting which had Snape looking at the boy then saying "Finite Incantum." Draco still didn't speak, he merely sank onto the dark green fabric sofa and after several more minutes of thought interrupted his godfather to ask. "What is a drill?" "Draco, I don't have time for nonsense." He sharply stated. "It's something muggle, I know that but what is it?" "It's a muggle tool with a sharp edge that they use at very high speeds to create holes in things." He answered after counting to ten. "Why?" "Nothing." Draco hastily replied suddenly deciding that for now, he would be careful and gather more information, for now he would be careful about not pissing off the mudblood. He had had no idea, but he should have, after all she had broken his nose three years earlier... "Draco, if there is nothing else go to your dorm and get ready for inspection." Snape replied and when his godson was exiting, he knew he would regret it but asked. "Are you sure you don't wish to tell me what is going on in your head?" "No, there is nothing." Snape couldn't help thinking truer words were never spoken until Draco stopped again and turned to say "But-." "Well is it true that muggles use those drill things are teeth?" He asked. Blinking at the odd turn, Severus said "Do I look like I would know, now why?" Draco looked at his godfather then said "That's weird, that is what Sirius Black said." "What did that moron Black say?" "He was telling that werewolf that he wanted him to transfigure a spoon into one of those drill things to use to on your teeth. If you want my memory of it so that you can get him fired, I will give it to you." "What exactly did Black say?" Snape said seething as Draco explained that Black had preceded to insult him and his teeth saying that he would make Snape his first victim once he was a dentist. Draco went silent while Snape who had spent time in the muggle world realized exactly how he was being insulted. Looking at his godson, he said "That won't be necessary." "But is everything he said about drills true? That they are used on teeth to drill holes?" Not wanting to get into a long drawn out explanation with his godson, Snape quickly answered yes and sent him on his way. By the time he arrived for his inspection of the trunks in Slytherin, Draco had managed to warn his classmates about Granger and how her mother was someone who tortured people and took money for it. Since no self-respecting Slytherin would ever be seen in Muggle studies, Draco's rather complicated and exaggerated lurid tale has the entire house of snakes vowing to either avoid the fifth year mudblood or sending letters to their parents about how a mere muggle was into torture or both. Either way the result was that over the next several weeks, Hermione Granger found herself rather surprised to not hear one single Snake insult her and in one rather memorable occasion, had been ran into by Draco himself who had stuttered an apology and had run the opposite way. Harry who had been with her stood there slack jawed watching as the blond git ran so fast he was nothing more than a black and green blur. "What on earth was that about?" "I don't know, but I do know that I like it." Hermione replied with a laugh as she hooked her arm through Harry's as they meandered towards the Great Hall for Lunch. "What is Sirius celebrating today?" TBC