here now, Harry, alright?" Harry nodded again. The officer bid them farewell before leaving and Harry followed Mrs. Cole inside. The inside of the orphanage was just as shabby and dull as the outside, but it was very clean. It wasn't bad by any standards, though it did look rather… grey. Mrs. Cole was talking about something, but Harry wasn't paying attention. Instead, his mind wondered to the reaction his magic had just now. He had never felt anything like that before. His magic had never been so… active. Well, when he had destroyed Dumbledore's office, it was active, but it felt different, weaker, less sentient, and it had been slightly tiring, drawing it out like that. But, just now, he had felt a rush of power, abundant power. It had flooded his body and the air around him, too. He wondered where that power had come from. Maybe… Fortuna did something…? He would ask her later. "… be sharing a room with Tom Riddle; it's the only free room with a bed at the moment," Harry snapped back to attention at the future dark lord's name, "Your room is room 27, right over here." Harry looked into the room and then at Mrs. Cole, seeing a sympathetic and apologetic light in her eyes. "If you feel the need to change rooms, we shall do our best to make accommodations." Absently, Harry noted how she spoke to him as if he were an adult as he nodded and stepped inside the room. "The bed on the right is yours. Don't be late for dinner." Harry blinked as she shut the door, leaving the room. He didn't even know when dinner was. In fact, he wasn't even paying attention when she showed him the dinner hall, which he was positive that she did because why else would she be acting as if Harry should know where it was? §Mind letting me down, mortal?§ the hissed question was laced with annoyance and Harry grinned, quickly moving to the bed so that Fortuna could safely slither from his sleeve. He was shocked, though, when instead of the common garden snake he had been expecting, a black mamba lowered itself onto his new bed. When the snake caught Harry's expression, Harry had the vague impression she was raising an eyebrow at him inquisitively. Harry quickly stopped gaping. §Why are you a black mamba?§ was the first thing that came form his mouth. §It was your suggestion.§ §Right…§ §Anyhow, dinner is at six, in case you weren't paying attention, and the dining hall is on the first floor. You can't miss it.§ §Okay, thanks…§ Then Harry remembered what he had been complementing. §Fortuna? Did you do something to my magic? It seems to have… changed.§ §Ah, yes…§ Fortuna bobbed her head as if expecting the question and curled into a more comfortable position. §Before, your magic seemed to always be occupied with something in your mind and magical core which made you weaker and less able to call upon your magic. I released it from that duty, so that you could have full access your magic. It was also tampering with your mental capability.§ §Oh…§ Harry muttered, sitting down and delving into his thoughts once more. .:*Fate*:. He had felt it. Oh, he had felt it. As soon as he had locked gazes with the other boy, he had felt the unbridled power flooding the air. At first it had been a mere tingle when the boy had first walked in, but then he felt the power that was so alike to his own when he had looked up. So alike, but it wasn't as… intense as his own. And, though he didn't show it on his face, Tom Riddle was intrigued. It was the first time he had felt power like that which wasn't his own. That new boy was special, just like Tom and Tom could feel the possessive feelings already starting to rise within him. It was pull that drew him to the other boy and he couldn't help but feel as if the boy should belong to him. It was a strange, almost illogical sense of ownership, but what Tom wanted, he got, no buts about it. Calmly standing up, Tom closed his book and brushed invisible dirt from his clothes before heading indoors to find the new kid that had caught his curiosity so. As he was climbing the stairs to his room, the voice of the matron suddenly held him back. "Tom?" Tom looked back blankly at the woman. "The new boy, Harry, is going to be sharing a room with you," she informed him curtly before leaving. As Tom watched her leave, he felt a slow smirk spread across his face. This was going to be easier than he thought. He went back to climbing the stairs, expressions hidden under a perfect mask, but excitement bubbling within him. He opened the door to his room and saw the other boy, who was sitting on the free bed, jump and turn to him with wide eyes. Tom studied the boy carefully. The boy – Harry – looked quite similar to him. They both had dark hair, though Harry's was longer and a little wild while Tom's was shorter, in neat waves. They both had aristocratic features, Harry's being more soft though, almost feminine. They both had green eyes. Harry's was a bright emerald green, while Tom's was darker. Harry had a petite and thin stature and was shorter than Tom. Tom could see a trace of panic and curiosity in his eyes before the other boy turned away, fiddling with his shirt sleeve. Tom, having not decided on how to approach the boy yet, decided to ignore him for the moment. He walked to his bed and sat down, reopening his book as he stretched his legs. However, his mind was not focused on reading, but, instead, focused on studying the other boy. This was going to be interesting.