and watch over her it would be too dangerous to be around the boys till after the first full moon. Hermione decided that at this moment, it was time to take her leave, while she still had two legs to walk on. Or four to run on. With that thought in mind, Hermione cautiously tried to see what her capturer was doing. (He was appraising her like a prized pig!) She pulled all her concentration together and shifted into her animagus form and ran like a speeding bullet into forest; away from the little boxed in hole that she had gotten herself into. The man's footfalls were heavy, and she had no doubt he would overtake her soon. The fact that he was a werewolf, just reassured her that it would be sooner rather than later. Adrenalin rushed through her veins as she ran for her life, she heard him chant a spell that blasted past her shoulder. Hermione pushed herself harder, she was quick, but not quick enough to avoid the heavy paws that landed on her shoulders, plunging her toward the earth, causing her legs to buckle under the combined force of both of their bodies colliding together. The big wolf was quite impressed with her ability to concentrate enough to still try to get away. Yes. He decides, his plans for this female have suddenly changed. She will make a fine mate. She has much skill and he will enjoy forcing her to submit beneath him. Hermione and the great wolf hit the ground and rolled, growling and snarling down the slight incline. The air around them shimmered, but Hermione in her frantic state to somehow escape from this wolf did not notice that they had just rolled through a portal into an unfamiliar place. Home. The huge wolf had taken her to her new home: here he could challenge her disrespect, and make her obey him without the worry of the snatchers trying to hurt his chosen mate. The only pain she would endure now was that, which he inflicted on her, and he would inflict his pain on her. She must know her place so that he can keep her safe. The Order of Phoenix was not keeping her safe, he could see plainly that they could not control her, and the dark side had almost caught her. The things they would have done to his female, made him want to kill every one of them on sight. She would not be permitted to return to the Order of Phoenix's headquarters unless escorted by himself, when goes to the next meeting. The two wolves fought snarls and growls and yelps of pain could be heard. Gathering the attention of his pack. He did not fight fully, for he did not wish to kill her, only force her into submission. He sensed, she needed the out let for her own emotions too; he could smell her fear and sense her frustration. Viciously, she sunk her sharp little teeth into his front leg and he jerked away from her with a snarl, which gave her time to make it to her feet. His little bitch had played long enough; it was time to show her, her place. As she turned to run off into the forest again, he pounced on her back, with the brunt of all of his weight bringing her once again to the ground; pinning her with his massive body, under him where she belonged, then he sunk his teeth deep into her shoulder. Again. She yelped and whimpered with pain, struggling to get away from his vicious hold. Her body to tired too fight any more betrayed her, and she slipped once again into human. He let his own body do the same, all the while keeping his teeth firmly in her skin. She cried a little sob, wiggling a little, with great effort to get away. His growl was loud as he warned her to hold still. He took a heavy draw of her blood, and she shuddered before collapsing to the forest floor with defeat, finally surrendering to him. Her vision swimming out of focus quickly. Yes, what a fine female he has chosen. Most are bull headed but will submit when forced with little fight.( Some mind you or it wouldn't be any fun.) My little bitch fights. The proof, which made him grin, was running down his arm even as he thought about it. Yes, she is worthy to be called my mate. The alpha's female. He thought with pride. The air around them erupted with cheers and howls, his pack congratulating him on the victory with his mate. The wolf smirked as he pulled her body flush against his own, releasing her neck. He lapped at the wound and it clotted over. Hermione vaguely noticed the commotion, and somewhere in her brain, she realized that it must be the Alpha's pack. Nevertheless, she was just too exhausted to even move any more. Unable to keep her eyes from rolling back into her head. Hermione heard or rather felt the vibrations of his chuckle, as he scooped her limp body up into his arms bridal style, and started to carry her away to somewhere unknown to her, and at that moment she just couldn't seem to care. She felt strangely safe, right then, in her captor's arms. As if she were a by stander watching what was happening to someone else. Fighting to stay conscious, with bleary eyes she looked into the handsome face of the wolf that carried her, his face was full of pride, as if he won the best prize the world had to offer. He smirked down at her knowing she would be no trouble for a while now. She could barely keep her eyes open. "I'm Fenrir Greyback." He spoke, to his barely awake beauty. "Welcome to your new home, my mate." He states proudly, as she succumbs to darkness and much needed rest.