was happy. Kreacher blocked out the others as he worked to help the little one escape the prison Winky's body had become. If his actions did not offend, Mother Magic would protect him from their interference. Kreacher had to fight down his own magic's recoil from what was necessary to save the not-yet. He still wrestled it into service to carefully cut into the other elf's flesh. It was wrongwrongwrong , but it was the only way. Master Harry Potter wouldn't be too mad at Kreacher for being such a bad elf. Master Harry Potter liked bad elves. His magic finally submitted under the combined wills of Kreacher and a presumptive order from his master. Within moments, a defiant wail pierced the air. Kreacher spared a glance at Dokey's murderous expression. The head elf looked as if she would punish Kreacher herself if he gave her half a reason. Maybe it was the months spent with Dobby as he adjusted to serving an unworthy half-blood after over a year serving the no-good blood traitor that broke his poor mistress' heart; maybe it was the bond with Master Harry Potter directly; maybe it was even that he was too old to care what other elves, even the head elder of the most respected conclave of all the Isles, thought of him. All Kreacher knew was that after that single, darting look at Dokey, he turned his attention back to the just-now in his arms and proceeded to let his magic clean the tiny body, weaving in the knowledge of the Secret Ways of Magic. The entire conclave seemed to hiss in unison at the act while Hogwarts purred around him. Grabbing the deep purple tea-towel folded in the corner of the nest-box, Kreacher wrapped the newly blessed elfling before cradling her close so that he could rise without dropping her. Once standing, he stared down at Winky's violated body. It went against every tradition that said otherwise, but his magic did not restart its previous chant. Kreacher closed his eyes. He was a bad elf already. To do more would just make the potential backlash worse. Master Sirius was a shame to the House of Black but he had the right idea sometimes. In for a knut — Kreacher pushed out with his magic, unweaving Winky's body to properly send her back to Mother Magic, working the free elf's Last Magic into the fragmented wards of the castle she had served since she had no master or family to receive the burst. It was not what a good house elf would do; a good elf would want nothing to do with a bad elf like Winky. "Yous a bad elf , Kreacher," Dokey declared. Kreacher could hear Sopmy's ears flapping from the force of her rapid agreement. He couldn't just leave his master, but the little one needed to escape more than just her dam. She couldn't stay here, not with the blood that ran through her from her free dam and sire, not when both her parents were dead. "Yous a very bad elf! Your master should give you clothes !" With all the dignity of an elf of his advanced age should have, Kreacher turned to face the gathered conclave. Even with the recent losses to the great battle above, the Hogwarts Conclave was still nearly a hundred elves strong. However, even Dokey was several generations of masters younger than Kreacher and none of them had ever been bound to family magics like him. With the dual backing of Hogwarts' remaining wards and Mother Magic, Kreacher had nothing to fear from them. Dokey's declaration did not make even a little scrap of Kreacher's demand that he punish himself. It was just words. If this is what freedom felt like, no wonder Dobby had chosen it over a master so many times. "Yes," he agreed, feeling like laughing for the first time since the Black Madness had eaten his poor mistress' mind, "Kreacher is a very bad elf. It is a good thing that Master Harry Potter Sir prefers bad elves. Kreacher will teach Lily all about how to be a bad elf to the Most High and Noble House of Peverell so that Master Harry Potter will never doubt our badness." "Yous can't give an elfling a master's name!" Wabby snapped. His ears pressed against his head in distress. His hands were clenched around each other hard enough that the already pale skin had turned white. "She'll refuse to serve the wizards and then she'll starve !" "You don't know my Master," Kreacher countered. He gave a grin full of fairy-sharp teeth. The implied threat made the skittish young adults jump back, leaving only the trio of elders near him and his precious bundle. Kreacher continued, feeling the truth of every word. "Master would never starve a babe of any kind. Master would starve himself first!" A murmur of disbelief swept through the Conclave and Kreacher spoke over it. "Master is good—not as an elf or a wizard or as a human. Master is simply good in the way that Magic is. He will not care if Lily serves him; he will not care if Kreacher serves him. Master will love us anyway." No one dared to stop Kreacher as he marched from the Den, not even to try and reclaim the just-born he carried in his arms. When the entrance to the hidden space sealed after him, he was not surprised. Born of the parents she was and despite how rarely not-yets became nestlings, tradition was very clear about what would have been done with the babe. By stealing like he had, Kreacher had guaranteed that neither would ever be welcomed with the elven spaces of Hogwarts again. It may have been a banishment but Kreacher still felt like it was an escape. Kreacher grinned before slipping off to a hidden space near Gryffindor Tower and his sleeping master. Kreacher could get used to being a bad elf.