Venus showed up. Venus and Petunia passed a wand shop called Ollivander's. They wanted to see if there was another shop that sold wands because the shop was quite dusty, as if it hadn't been cleaned since it opened. They did find another shop down Dawn Alley, an offshoot from Diagon Alley. The shop was called Rosenberg's Custom Wands, the owner, Willow, welcomed them gracefully. "So what are you looking for in a wand?" Willow asked as she sat them down. "Let me guess Ollivander tried every wand in his shop then send you here." "Actually we came here first. Ollivander's looked rather uninviting, very dusty. This shop seems nice." Petunia said with a smile. Willow's eyes widened. "Well that is a first, where is Prof. McGonagall, she normally takes muggleborn students around the alley." "She must've passed my house since I am only muggle raised. My name is Venus Potter" Venus smiled. "How do you go about making the wands Miss Rosenberg?" This seemed to shake Willow out of her musing. "Ah yes, if you could follow me to my workshop." Willow smiled, "Only you Miss Potter, the materials I work with can be quite volatile towards muggles." Venus followed Willow into a back room while Petunia enjoyed the tea she was offered. "Now the process is done in three steps, the first is to select the focus, or core. I have been collecting these materials from around the world so the chances are good that I will have a focus here for you." "I can hear a buzz around me." Venus said as she looked around the room. "That is a good thing. It means that both your focus and the wood resided in this room. Now on the other hand if you heard a ring, only the one or the other was here." Willow smiled. "Now if you can move to the right hand side and get the focus that pulls towards you, don't shy away until you reached the end of the line, custom wands sometimes have several focuses." Venus walked over to the right wall and walked down the line she picked up a vile that seemed to contain hair then one that contained a powder. Both shared a name tag, Aluwyn. When Venus handed the two cores to Willow she had a far away look in her eyes. "It seems that Aluwyn will get to guide another on her journey." Willow said with a smile. "You knew her," Venus stated. Willow nodded. "When I was finding myself, I took a journey. Aluwyn was my guide on that journey. In the end she gave me these gifts. A lock of her hair," Willow picked up the hair, "and the tip of her rattle, powdered. You can now go to the other side and let the shell choose you." Venus walked along the other wall and found that the wood that had the most pull on her. It was a lovely curved reddish wood with dark lines and spots lining it. She took it to Willow who arched her brow. "You seem to have a snake-theme going here." She said as she rummaged through her drawers. The focus is that of a Lamia, a woman with a snake lower body. And the wood is from a snake-wood tree. That is why it is so curved by the way." "You did tell me that I should pick the materials that pulled me the most." Willow smiled at Venus. "It was merely an observation." Willow took out a knife. "The last part I do with all my wands is to add part of the user into the wand. That way no one but the user can use the wand." Venus eyed the knife cautiously. "Oh sorry, that sounded ominous. I just need a lock of your hair." Venus undid her braid and made sure to grab a few red and black hairs before cutting a lock for Willow to use. Willow placed the materials into a bowl with symbols around it. The symbols lit up and soon the various hairs and the powdered rattle tip flowed into the wand shell. The shell emitted a glow before it settled back into the bowl. Willow picked it up and waved it about. She smiled and handed it to Venus. Venus felt an instant warmth wash over her then the wand emitted some golden sparks. "How does your wand feel?" Willow asked with a smile. "Like a long lost friend I didn't know I had, does that make sense?" Venus asked confused. "It makes perfect sense, now you just need to pay the piper. The cost of the wand is ten galleons, if you wand a wand holster that would be twenty." Venus counted down twenty gold coins and handed it to Willow. "It was a pleasure doing business with you." Venus said as she retrieved the wand holster, it was a rune covered bracelet with an expansion charm to put the wand in. The runes would prevent people from seeing the wand and trying to summon it. It also had a rune that would make it impossible to see unless you are a goblin or the person who wore it. Venus noticed that the same runes were etched into her ring and bracelet. Venus and Petunia left the shop and the magical district soon after. Venus walked her Aunt to the car and hugged her. They said their goodbyes and soon Venus was standing alone in the street. She looked for an alley way and called Cree to come and fetch her. XXXXXXXXXXXXX There you go the first chapter of my new story. I hope this story gets a better reception than the last one. Please review. I would love to hear what you guys think. Also I would like to know if I should pair Venus with Hermione or another (female) character, if the latter than who. Just not Ginny Weasley, can't stand that girl, nothing against Bonnie Wright.