ten-year-old," Harry said. "You just wait till I tell Dad you had that thing out! He'll give you more lashes than you can even count!" Dudley said. Harry looked up at Dudley, his eyes still glinting but his smile disappeared. He supposed that Dudley guessed Harry would feel fear, but instead Harry felt angry. "All that talk and you're gone by one small lick! You should hear yourself at night. 'Come and help me, Dad! Mum, come and help me! Save me from my uncle! Help Tom! Help! He's going to—' Don't you point that thing at me! " Dudley backed into the alley wall. Harry was pointing the wand directly at Dudley's heart. Harry could feel fourteen years' hatred of Dudley pounding in his veins—what wouldn't he give to strike now, to jinx Dudley so thoroughly he'd have to crawl home like an insect, maybe become an insect. If only he had Wormtail's wand— "Don't ever talk about that again," Harry snarled. "D'you understand me?" "Point that thing somewhere else!" "I said, do you understand me?" Harry jabbed the wand directly onto Dudley's heart. " Point it somewhere else!" "DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?" "GET THAT THING SOMEWHERE—" Dudley gave an odd, shuddering gasp, as though he had been doused in icy water. Something had happened to the night. The star-strewn indigo sky was suddenly pitch-black and lightless—the stars, the moon, the misty streetlamps at either end of the alley had vanished. The distant grumble of cars and the whisper of trees had gone. The balmy evening was suddenly piercingly, bitingly cold. They were surrounded by total, impenetrable, silent darkness, as though some giant hand had dropped a thick, icy mantle over the entire alleyway. Dudley's terrified voice broke in Harry's ear. "W-what are you d-doing? St-stop it!" "I'm not doing anything! Shut up and don't move!" "I c-can't see! I've g-gone blind! I—" "I said shut up! You're not blind idiot." Harry stood stock-still, turning his sightless eyes left and right. The cold was so intense that he was shivering all over. It was impossible… They couldn't be… Not in Little Whinging …He strained his ears. …He would hear them before he saw them. … "I'll tell Dad!" Dudley whimpered. "W-where are you? What are you d-do—?" "Will you shut up! I'm trying to lis—" But he fell silent. He had heard just the thing he had been dreading. There was something in the alleyway apart from themselves, something that was drawling long, hoarse, rattling breaths. Harry felt a horrible jolt of dread as he stood trembling in the freezing air. He heard Dudley running away, hitting the alley fence, stumbling. "YOU IDIOT COME BACK! YOU'RE RUNNING RIGHT AT IT!" There was a horrible squealing yell, and Dudley's footsteps stopped. At the same moment, Harry felt a creeping chill behind him that could mean one thing. There was more than one. Harry scrambled for his wand. A brief shot of light came from it. A towering, hooded figure was gliding smoothly toward him, hovering over the ground, no feet or face visible beneath its robes, sucking on the night as it came. Harry raised his wand, thinking of Tom and the loving pressure of his body over Harry's. "EXPECTO PATRONUM!" A silver snake, as large as a Basilisk, erupted from the tip of Harry's wand; its fangs caught the dementor in the place where the heart should have been; it was thrown backward, weightless as darkness, and as the snake charged, the dementor swooped away, batlike and defeated. " THIS WAY!" Harry hissed at the snake. Wheeling around, his sprinted down the alleyway, holding his wand aloft. " LUMOS! DUDLEY? DUDLEY!" He had run barely a dozen steps when he reached them: Dudley was curled on the ground, his arms clamped over his face; a second dementor was crouching low over him, gripping his wrists in its slimy hands, prizing them, slowly, almost lovingly, apart, lowering its hooded head toward Dudley's face as though about to kiss him. … " KILL IT!" Harry snarled, and with a silent, rattling sound, the silver snake he had conjured came darting back past him. The dementor's eyeless face was barely an inch from Dudley's when the snake's jaw caught, its fangs piercing the dementor's body as it drove through it. The thing tore in two, both halves flung into the darkness where they disappeared. The snake slowed to the end of the alleyway and dissolved into silver mist. Moons, stars, and the alleyway burst back into life. A warm breeze swept the alleyway. Trees rustled in neighboring gardens and the mundane rumble of cars filled the air again. Harry stood quite still, all his senses vibrating, taking in the abrupt return to normality. After a moment, he became aware that his shirt was sticking to him; he was drenched in sweat. What were dementors doing in Little Whinging? They are dark creatures, they shouldn't be doing this… they should be on Harry's side. Did something happened? Was Tom unable to get control of the dementors? This will be troublesome if they cannot get the dementors under control. Dudley lay curled up on the ground, whimpering and shaking. Harry bent down to see whether he was in a fit state to stand up, but then heard loud, running footsteps behind him; instinctively raising his wand again, he spun on his heel to face the newcomer. Mrs. Figg, their batty old neighbor, came panting into sight. Her grizzled gray hair was escaping from its hairnet, a clanking string shopping bag was swinging from his wrist, and her feet were halfway out of her tartan carpet slippers. Harry made to stow his wand hurriedly out of sight, but— "Don't put it away, idiot boy!" she shrieked. "What if there are more of them around? Oh, I'm going to kill Mundungus Fletcher!" A/N: It continues! What dangers lies before Harry and Tom on their quest for conquest? Well tune in next time where we'll find out!