next to nothing, expect maybe for anger, which seemed to be a constant of her mood these days. She nearly ran out of the crowded bookstore, bursting threw the door and into the street and finally took a deep breath. Well, fuck was the only coherent thought she could produce, standing in the middle of Diagon Alley, alone, flustered, lost and clearly stuck there without any opportunity to apparate. Scorpius was probably enjoying his perverted liaison with poor Rose Weasley, who Morgana almost sincerely felt bad for at this point, James wasn't really an option right about now, and she had no wand with her or whatsoever , thanks to her dear parents, or rather to one despicable Auror, who thought it wise to confiscate it until the school started. Pulling herself together, Morgana fixed her ruffled hair, straightened her robes and headed to the Leaky Cauldron. She walked the Alley, gladly blending in with a jolly crowd and tried to keep a low profile, which was such a rare occurrence in the States, where Morgana was somewhat famous, or rather in famous for her outstanding contribution to the Congress, the Law Enforcement department particularly. Merlin knows, they would've died of boredom had it not been for her striking ingenuity. Despite The Leaky Cauldron being an almost Holy sanctuary for Wizards, Morgana positively hated the horrendous place. Too much noise, questionable crowd, tipsy and unbearably noisy drunks seasoned with some filthy horny teenagers that'd had one too many butter beers—suffice to say, it was everything she despised about humanity. «I need to use the Floo», demanded Morgana, breaking through the disgustingly cheerful crowd to the bar stand. The barmaid didn't even look up, apparently too absorbed in his work. «Hello?» «Hannah!» he suddenly screamed at the top of his voice and then returned to polishing the glasses. After a few seconds Morgana heard distinct grumping and exceptionally virtuosic swearing coming from the back room, followed by an unexpectedly nice looking middle-aged woman. «What are you yelling about?» she muttered and shoved the barmaid to the side. «Some bird here wants to use that Floo of yours» «Who?» «Right behind ya». Hannah turned around and immediately spotted the impatiently waiting ginger at the bar stand, indignantly looking around the place. «Well, hello there», she greeted in a surprisingly warm tone, «You remind me of someone...a Weasley, aren't you?» Morgana's first instinct was to scream at the bloody woman and explain that not all redheads were a part of that wretched family, but checked herself in time to come up with a better plan. «Yes, I'm Rose», she smiled so wide her lips hurt. «Oh, blimey,» sighed Hannah, examining Morgana with her warm eyes, «The last time I saw you, young lady, you almost burned this place with your accidental magic. And now look at you», she beamed, «Time flies, doesn't it?» Morgana didn't really know what to say so she just nodded in understanding. «You must know my daughter,» Hannah said suddenly. Shit «Y-you daughter?» stammered Morgana. «Yes, Alice, she's in your year» Morgana found herself grinning as an idiot, enjoying the world's ways. Because right in from of her was standing Hannah Longbottom—mother of the girl who's boyfriend she'd just been snogging only minutes ago. «Oh, yes, she's absolutely lovely! And James Potter? I mean, they're so perfect together, you must be so happy!» she sounded so much like her mother during dreadful social gatherings. «We are indeed», Hannah said proudly, «so how come I've never seen you around here?» «Not much of a pub-goer I'm afraid», explained Morgana in a sweet voice, «you see, I'm a dreadful homebody: books, library and...other, em, stuff». Hannah smiled, «Well, you're your mother's daughter». Morgana didn't have a foggiest idea what it meant but gave a slight chuckle and added somewhat casually «My boyfriend Scorpius however is quite a regular». Poor Rosie is in for a grand surprise she thought and instantly regretted that she wouldn't be here to witness the story unfold. «As in Scorpius Malfoy?» asked Hannah incredulously, her eyes the size of tennis bolls «He's your boyfriend?» Morgana nodded, lowering her eyes as if she was ashamed. «Oh, dearie, surely you could...» «Do much better? If only I realized that earlier», sighed Morgana barely stifling her laughter. Oh, that was too good, «A bit late now I'm afraid. I don't want my child to grow up without a father, a rightful prat of one, but a father nonetheless». «You're pregnant?» exclaimed Hannah, positively shocked. Morgana nodded again with as much misery as she could master, «That bloody Malfoy spawn», muttered the woman under her breath. «Tell me about it», Morgana was sure that Rose Weasley didn't sound like a British version of a Valley Girl, but then again, Hannah Longbottom didn't have to know that, «Could I use your Floo? I'd apparate but the healer said it's harmful to the baby and all». «Why of course, dear, whatever you need», Hannah was clearly so stunned by the news she'd just received, she could hardly pull herself together. If Mrs.Longbottom was anything like her daughter, thought Morgana, the rumor of the star-crossed lovers would have spread far and wide by the time she stepped into the Ministry, «It's back in that room, darling», Hannah pointed to the door she'd walked out of, «Your father must've had a fit when he found out». «Oh», mused Rose as if this thought had never occurred to her, «He doesn't know yet». A/N: Hey guys! Thank you all for reading! Pleeeease leave comments, suggestions and theories (if you have any at this point, that is!) Huge thanks to my beta @rowanofferelden !) Oh, and just a quick reminder that English isn't my native language and that this is my first attempt writing in it, so humor me:) But I do want to improve, so if you see any mistakes please be free to point them out in the comments so that I could fix them.