obviously because she had not been listening to any of what they had been saying. "I did some tests, and the baby should as far as I can tell, be fine. I cannot tell if it was injured in any way, though." She breathed a sigh of relief, finally relaxing slightly. She would never have forgiven herself if the baby had died because of her foolishness and stupidity. Despite her young age, she had grown comfortable with the thought of becoming a parent by now, especially with James at her side. He was willing to go to the end of the earth for her, she understood that now. "Y-you were right James." she began, gulping, "I should take a break from this, at least for a while. Until after I have the baby." "Yes, it's way too dangerous for both of you right now." he agreed, stroking her hand slightly, "I wouldn't be able to bear losing you both." Lily nodded, giving him a weak smile. Dumbledore and Madame Pomfrey was smiling comfortingly at her from a few feet away, and she knew that they both agreed too. "I will keep out of the battle for a while, on one condition." "What is that?" Dumbledore asked carefully, his piercing blue eyes almost penetrating her mind as he looked at her. His eyes twinkling almost knowingly. "James, I don't want you out there fighting for a while. At least not until the baby has been born. I won't be able to do this without you." For a moment it looked like James was about to protest, but he decided against it . Lily thought that maybe he understood why she had presented such a request. Understood how hard it would be for her to stay away from the fight, not knowing whether or not he would make it home to her. So instead he just gave a reluctant sigh and smiled, nodding. "Okay." he replied, "We both stay away until we have had the baby. And then we can discuss it from there, agreed?" "Definitely." *James' POV* Barely two weeks after they had agreed to stay away from the fight, Lily gave birth. It was a quick labor, and although two months too early, the baby was born without any complications. It was a very beautiful baby, and although tiny, incredibly strong. The baby was born 31. August 1978, and she was named Emerald Lily Potter because her eyes were green. Like her mother's. "She is so tiny, James," Remus said as he held the baby in his arms, tears in his eyes. James nodded, smiling broadly at his good friend. He patted his back carefully, all the while looking down at the baby, his little baby daughter. "It's so amazing, I can hardly believe it. I have known I was going to become a father for months, but it wasn't until I held her in my arms earlier that it truly hit me." Remus smiled and sat down slowly in one of the chairs in the corner of the room. He moved almost like he was afraid that he would break the baby in his arms "Where is Lily?" "She is downstairs together with Sirius and Peter. I told them to get some food into her now that she has a break from the baby." Remus nodded, not taking his eyes away from the baby for a second. "Have you found a name yet?" James nodded, grinning from ear to ear. "Meet Emerald Lily Potter, the newest member of the Marauders." Just then, the tiny form in Remus' arms started to move slightly, and a soft cry filled the otherwise silent room. The sound startled Remus so much that his entire body shook, his eyes widening. Carefully, he began humming some kind of lullaby. James looked in amazement how his good friend tried to calm the baby, although he looked almost terrified while doing it. After a few minutes, she stopped crying, and once again became calm, lying silently in Remus' arms. "Moony, I have to ask you something." James almost whispered, not wanting to disturb the baby. Remus, who had been staring intensely at the tiny baby in his arms, looked up quickly, his smile disappearing entirely, his face growing serious. "I already know what it is," he said, in a low and very serious voice, resting his gaze on the wall behind James. "You don't want me to be around your daughter because you are afraid I might injure her or end up causing her any harm." James' eyes widened in disbelief. It hurt him how such a close friend of him, a best friend, could think so little of himself. Believe so little in their friendship. He tried to speak, but Remus interrupted him before he could get even one word out. "N-no, I get it, James, I do. No one would want someone-" he paused for a moment, swallowing hard. "-someone like me, near their children. The risk is just too high. I AM dangerous, after all." "Moony, no, that isn't it. Not at all." "It's not?" he spoke with disbelief, his eyes finally meeting James'. James knelt down next to his friend, never breaking eye contact, and let his hands rest on either side of his thin frame. "We want you to be her godfather." Remus' eyes widened, and started filling with tears almost immediately. "B-but, what about Sirius? Surely you would rather pick him than me?" He shook his head at him, smiling. "No, we were thinking about it at first, but a few hours ago when we found out that it was a girl, we decided that you would be a much better fit." James replied quietly, "She will need a role model as she grows up, and Lily and myself wants it to be you. If you'll accept?" Tears started tickling down Remus's cheeks, slowly first, but by the time James had finished speaking, they were flowing down freely. "Y-yes, I-i do."