productive when you point out what I should be studying; Luna and Lavender always get so distracted." Hermione smiled brightly again as they walked back towards their dorm. Luna Lovegood, Ginny Weasley, and Lavender Brown rounded out the total four girls who lived in their quad dorm room. They had been placed together freshman year as they were all computer science majors. Luna was already out for the night but Ginny managed to rope Lavender into accompanying her to the library. Hermione looked around; she had the dorm to herself. She sat at her desk, logging into Wizarding World Online. It was nearly eight o'clock when Hermione realized Dragon and Enchantress were going to be married. Dragon and Hermione had married quietly—for only the purpose of the quests that required a couple—so she was wondering if the new couple would have an actual virtual ceremony. She headed over to the village where the announcement of their marriage was displayed. ' Looks like they will have a ceremony.' Hermione thought as she watched the bridal procession begin. Dragon led the group on a white stead. A carriage that presumably carried Enchantress followed, along with Dragon and Enchantress's friends. Hermione looked at the fireworks in the background—they surely cost some real-life money for an in-game celebration. As Hermione eyed the computer graphic wedding details, her stomach rumbled angrily. Hermione placed a hand over her stomach as it began to revolt; she winced. Hermione leapt up from her desk and ran to the bathroom, thankful that she was actually alone for once. From the bathroom, she couldn't hear the pinging of the chatroom on her computer. Isn't Dragonofthestars married to iamnobodytoo? They broke up this morning! Can you blame him? theEnchantingEnchantress is so beautiful in real life! Dragonofthestars is so dreamy. He should definitely be with someone as pretty as Enchantress. AH! Iamnobodytoo is here! She's probably so sad! Well Enchantress is the home wrecker and she still has the nerve to show off like this! iamnobodytoo is ranked high in PK's. She's probably getting revenge! she's probably stealing the groom! YEA STEAL THE GROOM! GROOM-NAPPING. Leave Enchantress and Dragonofthestars alone! HEY iamnobodytoo! What are you doing here?! Still bitter you got broken up with?! Why isn't she responding?! When Hermione returned to the computer screen she almost immediately gave up trying to scroll through the global chat. She was gone for ten minutes and this was the conversation that came up? She didn't care about Enchantress or Dragon—she just wanted to see the festivities. Hermione sighed behind her laptop and massaged her temples. If she suddenly left now, she could explain that she was away from her keyboard to Dragon—but the public would be less convinced. Dragon was still in her guild and she would feel bad if he was affected by her grouchy stomach. She grumbled again at stupid internet people before deciding to set up a trading station for her potions. IamnobodytooI am having a potions sale as congratulations—20% off! The crowds of people swarmed Hermione and she was sold out within minutes. 'Hours collecting potion ingredients, wasted' she thought wistfully as the crowds departed. The town cleared as the wedding party departed. 'Crisis averted.' Hermione thought as she walked towards the way point to fast travel. Cedtientthoughts iamnobodytoo. Hermione gasped from behind her computer when she spotted the name of the sender. Iamnobodytoo…yes? Cedtientthoughts Please add Cedtientthoughts as your friend. Hermione blinked surprised. Cedtientthoughts was the top player in the game and the ultimate game master! They had never directly interacted before but he was widely regarded as someone who never talked to any players—despite how often they tried to PM him. She accepted his friend request readily. CedtientthoughtsWhat did you think about the ceremony? Hermione frowned a little in disappointment. Was Cedtient also a gossip? She wasn't angry at either of the couple and she hoped that Cedtient wasn't hoping she was that petty. Iamnobodytoo it was very grand. Hermione responded neutrally. CedtientthoughtsWould you like to see one even grander? IamnobodytooYes…? Cedtientthoughts Let's get married. Hermione stared at the screen, surprised. ' Unbelievable!' Hermione thought. Confused, she sent him a clarifying message. Iamnobodytoo…were you hacked? It was the only plausible possibility, Hermione reasoned. Cedtientthoughts There is an upcoming tournament for couples v couples. Hermione tapped her finger to her lip. Iamnobodytooreally? Hermione pulled up the forum for the game. Iamnobodytoo I just looked online! The prizes are pretty good! So you wanted me to join you to win the prize? CedtientthoughtsYea. Hermione was flattered by his consideration but could not help her compulsive curiosity. Iamnobodytoowhy me, though? CedtientthoughtsYou're the top ranked female. Hermione paused. Cedtitent was top ranked in everything—which is why most players called him 'Master' in the game. His pets and gear were also top. With just his qualifications, Hermione was sure they would win. On the other hand her last sudden marriage had just as suddenly ended in divorce. Hermione tapped her lip with her index finger repeatedly in thought. One marriage was for duty, another marriage would be for a prize. In the end though, it didn't really matter. She wasn't on the game looking for romance and she certainly wasn't looking in real life, either. IamnobodytooI'm in. Let's go to the marriage runes. Hermione typed decidedly. Cedtientthoughts wait. I need three days to prepare. Can you meet back here in three days at 8 PM? Iamnobodytoo…you don't really need anything to get married, though? Cedtientthoughtswedding gifts. IamnobodytooDoesn't that seem like overkill? We don't need to do anything grand! CedtientthoughtsMy wedding? Of course it must be grand. Hermione smothered her laugh. Online people were so fascinating. Briefly she wondered what Cedtient was like in real life. The curiosity was gone in an instant. She only cared about his usefulness in the game. Their conversation over, Hermione logged out and turned her computer off. She was unnecessarily ahead in all her classes…but she still liked to be well prepared—she was a scholarship student after all!