eye. It came as no surprise to Cedric that Harry sought out a quiet, familiar presence, seeing as he didn't have a chance to relax all through the summer. The sorting came and went, and come Halloween there was the first petrification. Mrs. Norris, that horrible creature, was found beneath a message written in blood: Enemies of the Heir Beware. While it had happened before, it still came as quite the surprise. The petrifications continued until Cedric pulled a book from the shelves of the restricted section, flipped it open to the page on Basilisks ("Of all the creatures that have been said, and proved, to roam Europe, the Basilisk is undoubtedly among the most horrifying. Hatched from a chicken's egg tended to and sat upon by a toad, are most commonly found by muggle farmers, who suffer instant death from the eyes of the snake. Rare cases, believed to be when the farmer made indirect contact with the basilisk such as in a reflection, leave the farmer left paralysed. Frequently referred to as the King of Serpents, Basilisks will continue to grow for as long as they can survive.") and plopped it on Professor Sprout's desk, to which the professor said, "Oh my word Mr. Diggory we must contact Madame Bones immediately!" The head auror was called in, the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets forced open with a few words from the recently-revealed parselmouth Harry Potter, and the basilisk slain without any problems. A success, if you asked Cedric. His History of Magic and Transfiguration OWLs went swimmingly, and he received an O on both. Everything being so easy got boring after a while. The summer was precisely the same as always. Long, hot, lazy days. Then Sirius Black took his leave from Azkaban. Having Dementors around a school was hardly ideal, but the Ministry said so and the Ministry's word was, quite literally, the law. Thus Professor Dumbledore was forced to allow the foul creatures to roam freely around Hogwarts, and to search the train before it's arrival to Hogwarts. Harry trembled as they approached, shivering back into the corner of the compartment, and the Dementor regarded all of them in a cool manner before retreating, leaving an unconscious third year behind. Professor Lupin - bless that werewolf - offered Harry chocolate, which the boy accepted upon awakening. It was not an auspicious beginning to what Cedric knew would not be a good year. The first hint of something being off was the attack on the Gryffindor Common Room that left Ronald Weasley trembling with fear, for the mass murderer had been discovered when he accidentally awoke Weasley. It simply did not make sense. With Harry being such an important figure in the wizarding world, it had made the news when he was sorted into Hufflepuff rather than Gryffindor like his parents. Normally it wouldn't have mattered, but with the entirety of the Potter clan going to Gryffindor it had been quite the change of pace. Anyone could have found out that Harry was not in Gryffindor. Further, the Hufflepuff common room was much easier to enter than the Gryffindor one. Five taps on a barrel and you were in. It just didn't make sense . (Some six months later, Cedric would learn from his young friend that Sirius Black attacked Gryffindor rather than Hufflepuff because the real target of his ire was Peter Pettigrew, who happened to be the Weasley's pet rat.) The summer came and went, and Cedric chose not to attend the Quidditch World Cup, and then when it was attacked, his father spun it into something along the lines of, "My son has excellent instincts he told me not to go to the Quidditch World Cup even though the game was bound to be excellent." Come the beginning of the school year, Dumbledore announced the Triwizard Tournament, and left Cedric with quite the choice. He could reenter (and in all likelihood be chosen) for the tournament that had once taken his life, or he could let another walk into the jaws of death and loose their life. In the end, it was no choice at all, and on Halloween Dumbledore called four names: Fleur Delacour, Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Harry Potter. It was unendingly unfortunate for the fourth-year, but Cedric knew he would be alright and that was, somehow, enough. The First Task felt like nothing in comparison to the Third, and he escaped unharmed. Like the previous time, Fleur's skit caught fire and Viktor's eggs were stepped upon, and Harry flew his broom, brilliant and unrestrained. The Second Task, on the other hand, did not go unchanged. Cedric and Harry formed a team, emerging tied for first. Cedric's captive had been his closest friend, another sixth year by the name of Gabriel Tate, who was quiet and hardworking, relatively uninvolved in the yearly Harry Potter scandals, and wanted to write adventure books someday. Harry's captive was Hannah Abbot, a girl in his year who had wavy blonde hair and brown eyes, and who was aiming to become an auror on the same level as Amelia Bones. These Tasks really were easier the second time around. The Third Task, in the starkest contrast of all, ended as such: Harry Potter and Cedric Diggory tied for first place in the Triwizard Tournament, the Cup having first transported them to a graveyard God-knows-where, and upon immediately grabbing the Cup once more they were transported to the Hogwarts grounds. Once this was reported, Head Auror Amelia Bones arrived with a team of her fellows, and the graveyard was investigated to the fullest extent, at which point they discovered a peculiar man, missing one finger, who happened to be dead, and was carrying a baby who was, secretly, the Dark Lord Voldemort. That evening, Cedric considered the way things worked. How could it be that something so dramatic, so horrible, so very dark, had been staved off by simply touching a cup a few minutes sooner.