his pocket, so with much awkwardness, Harry used his arm to hug his luggage to his side as he struggled to get his wand out. Bits of muggle money fell out, coins and pounds, but Harry didn't care. Who knows, maybe his greedy, glutinous abuser of a cousin would stop to collect them. Harry made a sound of triumph as he pulled his wand out of his pocket, and thought with his entire mind about the Burrow. He pictured the house, how it's slanted and added-on appearance seemed to tower over the countryside, how his best friend is probably there now, forced to de-gnome the garden by his mother as she tends the chicken coop. He thought hard about the Burrow, the fun he had there, the food Mrs. Weasley gave him, but for some reason Harry kept focusing on the trees. The trees that surrounded the Burrow, the small forest where he first met Cedric, who literally fell down on top of his life. His mind just continued to envision the trees, and before Harry knew it, as he took a step he felt a harsh pull from his navel. Everything went black, he was pressed very hard from all directions; he could not breathe, there were iron bands tightening around his chest; his eyeballs were being forced back into his head; his ear-drums were being pushed deeper into his skull. It felt as if Harry was being forced into a very tight rubber tube. He couldn't scream. And as soon as it started, it stopped. The iron bands disappeared, his head felt normal, and he was out of the rubber tube. Only he didn't felt safe. He felt extreme pain. His body was covered in cuts, as if small chunks of his body were left behind when he Apparated. His eyes opened because of the pain and saw he was surrounded by trees before the vision became blurred by his tears. Then, everything went black. Draco Malfoy enjoyed his life. He was extremely handsome, being tall and lean with a naturally sculpted body, his hair was a rare platinum blonde that made any onlooker curious, and he had the most silver eyes in all of England. He was also extremely rich, being the heir to the old and vast Malfoy Fortune including its chain of apothecaries that all held rare and expensive ingredients, several robes stores, a natural preserve for dragons, and a large and well deserved influence over the Ministry of Magic. Boys and girls wanted him, and he couldn't be happier with that knowing that neither would ever have him. No, there is only room for one spouse in Draco Malfoy's life, and he already knew their name: Harry Potter. He knew that it seemed impossible, given that the Gryffindor currently hated him, but Draco knew that one day, Harry would fall for his charms. "What are you thinking?" Blaise Zabini chuckled. Both boys were in the gardens at Malfoy Manor. It was better than being coped up inside the Manor, which currently housed several Death Eaters in preparation for the Dark Lord. "Just how I can woo Harry Potter," Draco said as they walked past a bed of lilies. Blaise chuckled, "You know that we are on opposing sides correct? No matter how cute Potter is." "I know," Draco said. "Still, I will work around it." "What? You're going to join Dumbledore?" Blaise laughed. "Heavens no! I'll just have to show Harry the advantages of the Dark Arts. It was his side that ruthlessly labeled them that, after all," Draco said. "Yes, because the Killing Curse can be so romantic," Blaise said dead-pan. "Oh sod off Zabini!" Draco said a hint of a blush on his pale cheeks. Blaise laughed and shook his head. They've turned a corner, approaching a mixture of white lilies and exotic purple flowers when they heard a scream. "What was that?" Blaise asked, looking around. It sounded it came from the forest that surrounded Malfoy Manor, just off of the property. Both he and Draco looked up to see birds flying from the trees. The scream was loud, painful, as if the howl of life—and then it stopped. "Come on, let's check it out before those idiots hear it," Draco said, running off in the direction of the scream. Who would dare try and intrude upon Malfoy Manor? The two friends ran into the trees, their forms easily being consumed by the forest. But Draco didn't get lost, he explored these trees for sixteen years, he knew ever bark, branch, and beaten path of this forest. He quickly ran down the forest, turning at a large oak tree, Zabini barely keeping up. Draco had to stop short, or else he would have tripped over a large trunk. He looked around to see the trunk, the large luggage, clothing and books scattered around everywhere. And there, in the middle, was Harry Potter. Only his body was badly damaged, and there was blood everywhere. Draco got to his knees and placed his ear on Harry's chest. Thankfully, he was still breathing. "Blaise!" he shouted, "Come quick!" Blaise caught up and panted slightly as he looked down. "Damn," he said, looking at Draco, both boys hold a small smile of relief. "Seems like the little lion got lost." Draco nodded and looked around. "We need to get him back to my room. Hurry," he said. He snapped his fingers and ordered the several house-elves that appeared to clean up Harry's belongings and bring them to his rooms. Then, carefully so to not hurt him, Draco and Blaise lifted Harry up and begun the process of carrying him towards Malfoy Manor. A/N: And there is the first chapter of my Dark! Evil! Harry! Now to watch as Draco and Blaise patch Harry up, and bring him up to his regular, but better, self. How will Harry react to being in Malfoy Manor? How will Dumbledore react? Who will be Harry's friends in the end?