younger brother, Richard Walker, was starting as an Auror and couldn't really raise a child. He remained her legal guardian in the wizard world, while Aunt Amy was her legal guardian in the muggle world. Uncle Richard came by regularly, on holidays and birthdays and sometimes on his days off. He had an…odd relationship with Aunt Amy, it wasn't that they didn't get along, more like there was a weird tension between them. Ivy had known that they liked each other since she was old enough to know the meaning of the word, but they were the most stubborn people she knew and that meant that in 10 years no progress had been made. Even though Ivy had known all her life about being a witch, she'd actually never been anywhere magical, Aunt Amy saying that she wanted her to have as normal a childhood as possible, and Uncle Richard was no longer allowed to use magic with them after a birthday present gone wrong (Both Amy and Ivy had had nightmares for weeks after, dolls were not meant to be that lifelike….). The rest of the week passed much in this manner, Ivy was fidgeting so much, waiting for Monday; she ran through her chores like whirlwind, was re-reading any and all of her father's old books and just generally wandering around the neighborhood in her bike. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, Monday rolled around. Ivy woke bright and early; she showered and dressed in faded jeans, a nice blue blouse and black converse. Since her aunt wasn't up yet, she decided to make breakfast, she made bacon and eggs with toast for 3 since Uncle Richard would probably forget breakfast. She set the table and started the coffee machine; she turned around and saw Aunt Amy walking into the kitchen already dressed. "Good morning! Are you coming with us today Aunt Amy?" Ivy said, getting the milk and her glass. "No, sorry hun, I've gotta work today, there's a big shipment of books I've gotta manage." Aunt Amy said, sitting down as Ivy brought over breakfast and helping herself. The doorbell rang and Ivy nearly knocked her chair over in her excitement. She opened the door and there was Uncle Richard. He was dressed in black dress pants and a green button-down with his usual black leather jacket. "Uncle Richard!" Ivy nearly squealed, leaping at her uncle who caught her around the waist and threw her over his shoulder. "Hey sweetheart, congratulations on getting into Hogwarts, I'm so proud of you!" He said, closing the door and walking into the kitchen, he let Ivy down in her chair and went to sit down in an empty one. "Morning Amy, how are you?" He said, helping himself to breakfast. Richard Walker was tall handsome man, with blond hair and bronzed skin from working outdoors so much, he had mischievous brown eyes and a quirky smile, with a few scars on his cheeks and many more on his arms (as well as the rest of his body). "Good morning Richard, I'm well and you? Not too tired I hope, or else you won't be able to keep up with Ivy." Aunt Amy said, giving him a cup of coffee, 2 sugars with cream, just the way he liked it. The small family went on chatting in that manner, Amy telling Richard how Ivy had been a bundle of energy ever since getting her letter, about the new shipment the bookstore was getting, and Richard in turn talking about his work, censored for Ivy's sake, how this one guy in the office fell down the other day and scattered a box of hexed tennis balls they were supposed to take to the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office (apparently they hurt, a lot). Ivy glanced at her aunt and uncle from under her lashes, giving them a sly look. She chose not to join the conversation, just watching them interact. Quietly getting up after finishing breakfast, and trying to sneak in a second glass of milk ("Drop it." Came the double reply, they didn't even look her way, for goodness' sake!), she went up to her room, checking her appearance once again. Her black hair was loose, and she decided to hold it back with a white ribbon, double checking that there was no food spilled on her clothes. Ivy grabbed her letter and her jacket and hurried downstairs. Her aunt and uncle were already in the hall, waiting for her. "All set? Got your letter?" Uncle Richard said, as Ivy came down the hall. "Yup! All set, let's go!" Ivy exclaimed as she hurried to push Richard out the open door towards the car parked out in the drive. While generally he didn't drive, he kept the old black car for when he visited Ivy, that way he could take her (and Aunt Amy) out. "Bye Aunt Amy! I'll see you when I come back!" Ivy threw over her shoulder as she left Richard and trotted towards the car, her excitement practically oozing from her very being. She sneakily left her two guardians alone. "I think you might want to keep her on a leash, you might just lose her." Aunt Amy said, her tone revealing her amusement. "I might just have to." Richard said, matching Aunt Amy's tone. They were both gazing amusedly at their niece and exchanged exasperated looks before bidding good-bye. Richard and Ivy got into the car, immediately buckling up and taking off towards London, where Uncle Richard had told Ivy they could find Diagon Alley, a place Ivy had only heard of from Uncle Richard's stories, needless to say, she was more than excited. During the entire trip Ivy battered Uncle Richard with endless questions about Diagon Alley, Hogwarts and Richard's own time there. Richard needless to say, was more than amused with Ivy's behavior, the girl was rarely so animated, and so he indulged in her curiosities. It was a long trip anyways.