Neither pressured him to come back to the wizarding world, even if neither could understand his new life. Thankfully none of the times they had dragged him out for a change of scenery had included an attempt to set him up with someone, but it did mean that he was stuck feeling like a third wheel when it was the three of them. Ginny arrived back in Britain with all the suddenness which she had left. It was completely scandalous and utterly hilarious to discover that he had been right about the little triad. Everyone had tried to be sensitive about telling him about the pregnancy and Ginny's uncertainty over which of her men were the father. Harry didn't have the heart to tell any of them that he had already known about it all, having ran into the triad on his way from the university shortly before Ginny announced her presence in the country. Ginny's smile had been watery when he threatened both men with his worst if they hurt her, so he didn't question why his chest ached to watch her leave. She was happy and that is what mattered. Harry had spent his entire life following instructions given to him by various people, fulfilling whatever expectations he could to the best of his ability. He thought nothing of it when his advisor told him to report for various tests. He took the tests and did his best. He understood they were intelligence tests and various aptitude tests (he was in the psychology department; how could he not?) but the results didn't matter to him, even if they made his professors blink and stare. They did stop asking questions when he requested to test out of yet another course. He didn't really notice when he started helping out in the main library on campus. He was just there all the time (because the more he read the more he found himself enjoying reading and there was no way even the quite sizable inheritance from his parents and godfather would be able to keep up with how fast he could go through books), and it seemed like the thing to do. When the head librarian suggested he could help more if he took some courses in the Library Science field, Harry didn't think anything of adding the courses to his list to check out. The research methodologies really did make everything easier, because he could organize things better. He also decided to keep an annotated bibliography of his reading when asked. Harry never planned to show it to anyone but occasionally, the head librarian would ask to see it. He fell into a pattern of behavior. He studied and he read. He would attend classes and do whatever work and tests was required. Occasionally, he would test out of a course, but as the years went by, he found himself less able to do that. If his advisor asked him to fill out something or take on a specific research project, Harry did so. They weren't orders, but they were something he could do without worry. He didn't have to worry about the ethicalness of those expectations, not like he had with the Auror Department, or even with Dumbledore before that, if he was being honest. Harry almost didn't manage to make the ceremony held for the seventh anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts. He was defending his dissertation that day. Well, one of them anyway. He had not needed to defend his dissertation for Library Science. He finished early with the defense, and while he didn't want to go through the whole nightmare of a public appearance in the world he had left behind, he had promised Hermione that he would show up if he could manage it. It went as badly as he had imagined it going. Then it had gotten worse when Amara's father had dared to offer a warm welcome to the prodigal hero . Hermione maintained her mask of sternness for the need to bail Harry out for punching him until they had returned to her and Ron's little cottage in Ottery St. Catchpole. Ron had meet them with flutes of champagne, ready to toast having gotten a measure of revenge against the murdering bastard. Harry could definitely see why Hermione had left him at home with little Rose and Hugo. Somewhere in the middle of all that drama, Harry had been struck by the realization that he really couldn't stay in Britain any longer. There were too many memories—too many reminders of his failures, of the people he had lost along the way. With two doctorates, he could do anything he wanted, and go anywhere. He had known for the last year or so that he was finishing what could be excused as legitimate education. Any more coursework would be questioned by his friends and even he would be forced to acknowledge how unhealthy a coping mechanism it could easily become. Harry thought about the quiet peace of the library at Cambridge, where the only interruptions were students needing help. There was an order to a library but also a rhythm and a life. There was always a need for librarians, especially at a college or university, where they had higher standards and the applicants were scarcer. He could see himself doing it: being an actual fixture in an academic library, helping people with their research, and doing his own in the odd moments between shelving and organizing materials. It was what he had already been doing. It had been a long journey, and not terribly pleasant at parts, but as July dawned that year, Harry could say that he had somehow weathered the storm that had been his life, and had made it through the darkness of it. He could finally say that the only expectations he had to fulfill were his own. And maybe those of Georgetown University, if his interview for their open librarian position later that day went well.