clothes often were by the time Harry got them. Then he followed his nose towards where he remember the kitchen to be from his previous visit. Dione grinned when she spotted him. "How does pancakes sound, Harry-love?" "Great!" he replied. He was seated at the kitchen island before realizing what she had called him. "But how did you know it was me?" "It's Luna's Switching day, and Neville was quite adamant against dresses when he was here last," Dione told him as she sat a plate in front of him. She ruffled his hair—well, Luna's, but it was his for this morning. "Now peanut butter or dirigible plum jam?" "Jam, please—and why would he be against dresses? Not only is Luna a girl, so he would be for the bit he was here, but Luna's dresses are beautiful! I've never seen such colors before coming here!" "Never change, my treasure," Dione told him as she gave him a brief one-armed hug. She dropped a kiss to his forehead before moving away to fix her own plate. Harry watched her for a long moment before braving the question. "Do you mean that? Or—or is it for Luna? Because it would fine if the nickname was just for her—she's really your daughter and I've only been here once for an afternoon and I don't have to tell you it's okay for your daughter to have a nickname, do I? Sorry—I'm stupid. Just forget that I said anything." "Oh, Harry-love," Dione whispered before enfolding him in her arms, her plate forgotten on the island. She ran a hand through his hair and even with his doubts, he leaned into the comforting touch. He could remember the last time a touch didn't hurt—it had been the last time he had dreamed of this place and had come from this angel of a woman. "Luna is my precious moonbeam, my daughter, and my pride. You are correct that I met you only briefly, but Harry, you are my treasure, my unexpected son-to-be. Magic gave you to Luna and Neville to love, but never doubt that She gave you to me as well. You are their soulmate, but you are my son ." "Really?" Harry breathed, trying desperately not to hope. He knew this was a dream, that is wasn't real. He would wake tomorrow back in his cupboard, hurting, hungry, and so very alone . No one wanted him . No matter how many times he told himself otherwise, magic wasn't real and soulmates didn't exist, and even if they did, he would be the last person that anyone would love. Dreaming wasn't enough to change reality. But, oh, how he wanted . "Really, honestly, truly," Dione promised, refusing to release him. "And nothing will ever change that, my son, my treasure, my love." "Can I—can I call you 'mum'?" "Of course, Harry," Dione permitted, pressing another kiss to his forehead. She held him until their stomachs rumbled a reminder of the breakfast that sat untouched. He watched her eating with the same amazement he had for the brilliant colors of Luna's wardrobe. He, Harry the Freak, had a mum , and one that thought he was a treasure . This may be just a dream, but for this little bit, he had someone who cared about him. Later, he followed her down to her potions lab to watch her brew. Of all the magic he had witnessed in these dreams, this was the bit which was the coolest. It held all the artistry of the fancy recipes that Aunt Petunia let him experiment with occasionally but required all the precision of baking. He knew from looking at her books, that Luna loved it as well despite also having an obsession with creatures of all sorts (just like Neville clearly preferred plants and dreary history books). Harry couldn't fault her—watching Dione ( Mum ) create a potion was like watching a dancer move. Harry noticed the misstep at the same time that Dione did. He was reaching for her even as she twisted to wrap herself around him. The explosion threw them across the room to the storage cabinet that held the empty glassware. He grunted as he felt something stab into his side, but it didn't hurt any worse than a sharp jab from Dudley did, so he could hold back any more noise than that. Dione pulled him with her as she crumpled to the ground. "Dione?" he asked as she shivered. His heart skipped when he felt the first wash of warmth over his hands. He could smell it now, the metallic scent of fresh blood. With frantic hands, he sought out the wound and pressed against the gaping gash. "No, no, no, no—Mum! What do I do? Mum !" "Oh, my treasure," she gasped. Her hand pressed weakly against his cheek as she pulled back just enough to focus on his borrowed face. "You—you need to love them. Shh, listen, I…I don't have time. You need to let them love you. You have to…remember…it's very important, my son. You are not alone and this was not your fault ." " Mum ," Harry choked. The blood flow over his hands grew sluggish. "Please—I just got you—and Luna can't come back to this. Please don't give up." "You were…the best son…I never asked for," Dione whispered, her voice growing fainter with every syllable. Her weight was pressing him backwards even as it slumped crookedly towards the floor. "Loved you just…as much as…Lu…" "Mum!" he screamed as he lost his grip on Dione and she fell completely, still slightly curled around him, protecting him even in death. Harry pressed his face against her unmoving chest and wailed his loss with his borrowed throat. He screamed his anguish as he realized that as much as this hurt him , eventually Luna had to come back to a Rookery without Dione's gentle brilliance. This time when he woke at Privet Drive, Harry was already destroyed.