of abuse. Get the pity of the Wizarding World, then get back with Cedric. My popularity will surely rise." she struggled in not saying this. She paled considerably when she finished. She was lying? After all this time? If she lied about this then she must have lied about- He felt as if a cold bucket of ice fell upon him. Ginny. "What about Ginny? Did you lie about her." He held his breath when Cho said, "Yes." It felt like a pile of bricks suddenly hit him. "You bitch!" he snarled. Cho, finally out of the hold of the Veritaserum let out a dark chuckle. "But Harry, this is also your fault, I mean, who did you believe?" Her words struck a cord in him. He wasn't going to end it like this. Not without Ginny. "Have fun with your life Cho, because it seems that your plan for fame is ruined." She finally registered the people staring at them. "You bastard!" "The moment I believed your words about Ginny is when I became one." With that left the restaurant, never looking back. He apparated to a dark corner of Ginny's apartment like he used to do. It would be hard to explain to muggles of his sudden appearance in the area. He walked to the door but before he could know he heard. "Harry?" he turned his head and saw her. She looked pale, making her freckles stand out. Yet to him she looked beautiful. "Why are you here?" she whispered. "ARE YOU HERE TO MAKE FUN OF ME! THAT I'M SUCH A SLUT." he winced at this comment. "Make fun of me because my so-called motives failed?" she mocked, her tears running down her face. "Make fun of me for falling for you?" she barely could even whisper it. She collapsed to the ground crying. Impulsively he crouched down to her level and held her. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry," he repeated over and over again. "I'm a prat and an idiot." "And an git," she added. "I love you," he said. She opened her mouth to speak. "You don't have to forgive me now. but I will tell you this that I, Harry James Potter will be courting you, Ginevra-" she smacked him in the arm. "Molly Weasley and make you mine no matter what," he finished. "You idiot... I was yours already, but I still want that courting offer." she grinned. 4 Years Later "Do you Harry James Potter take Ginevra-" he flinched at the intensity of her glare. "Ginny Molly Weasley to be your lawfully-wedded wife," he corrected. To which the audience had a laugh at. He looked at the woman before him. "I do." He was slightly irritated at the small media group situated at the corner of the room. The ministry insisted that the media should have give a small, meaning large view of the marriage of Harry Potter and Ginny Weasley. Thanks to some of Ginny's promise of bat bogeys in their faces, they reduced the number of the press staff in the wedding. The priest repeated the vow to Ginny and she looked at Harry with a big smile on her face and said, "I do." The priest held his wand and waved it around Ginny and Harry's conjoined hands. Red, silver and gold swirls wrapped around their hands "By the power invested in me, I now-" he couldn't even finish because Harry pulled his wife to him a kissed her soundly on the lips. Her brothers glared from their seat but it did not deter him. He had Ginny and he was sure Ginny would kill them before the even touch a hair on his head. The crowd applauded at the couple as they moved to the reception in the backyard of the Burrow. Handshakes and congrats were given to everyone who came their way. Hermione pulled a reluctant Ron to the newly wedded couple. "Ginny, Harry! Congrats!" she said. They turned their eyes to Ron who made a grunt when Hermione smacked his elbow. He looked at the couple and his face softened. She looks as happy as her husband was. He looked at Harry in the eye and said. "Take care of her." He gave a respectful nod. "Always." The happiness was short-lived when Rita Skeeter strutted to the table of the couple. "So Harry, when is the divorce?" They stared at her for her audacity was just too much. Ginny pulled out her wand at cast a hex you had to admit was powerful on Rita. She ran out of the room screeching whilst flailing her arms around her face. Everybody laughed and soon it was back to normal. "Was it too much?" she grinned sheepishly. He looked down at the woman in his arms. "I wouldn't expect less of you." She gave him a smile. "I love you." "I love you too, now you're stuck with me forevermore." She gave him a wicked grin. "Let's seal that promise with a kiss shall we?" They gave each other long and passionate kisses but were sadly interrupted by a loud. "Oi!" from her brothers. Smacks can be heard as well were grunts of pain. Fleur, Audrey, Angelina and Hermione gave apologetic grins to the couple. As Hermione waved, "Go on! Do it while it lasts!" The crowd laughed at the five protective brothers and yes Charlie was included by Hermione (to make it fair). Ginny stood up and clinked her wine glass with a fork. "I would like a toast, to forevermore!" "Forevermore!" Everyone repeated. Harry and Ginny held hands as they drank for both was not willing enough to let go of each other ever again. A/N: Yay! My first story is done! Please leave a review if you like it and thank you to Iwik who reviewed this and Triggbc who messaged me about it because I actually had to post it twice because the other half of the story was gone so here it is!