his stomach and spread. "What was that? What we just did?" "It's called apparation, Mr Potter," the professor said, taking the empty vial back and storing it in one of his robe pockets. "You have to be of age – seventeen – before you are allowed to apparate on your own. Until then, someone has to side-along with you." Personally, Harry thought he'd be just as glad to never experience that again, whether with someone or by himself. He clambered to his feet, only staggering slightly, and only then thought to look around at his surroundings. They were standing on the top of a medium-sized hill, a beaten track meandering away ahead of them. Sparse trees were dotted about, but appeared to grow into a forest quite a distance behind them. The track led down into a town, but even from up here, Harry could tell that it wasn't a good place to live in. An old mill perched on another hill at right angles to them. With no sign of any smoke, or any noise, Harry could only presume that the mill had been shut down and abandoned. "Um, sir?" he queried as the professor started to stride away down the track. "Where are we?" He thought he heard the man make a grumbling noise, but surprisingly, Snape actually answered his question. "Spinner's End," he said, in an exceedingly sour tone. Obviously, he considered it just as bad a place to live in as it looked to Harry. "About thirty-five miles south of Berwick." The answer didn't completely clear up Harry's confusion – aside from the fact that Berwick was apparently closer to Hogwarts than London, he had no true idea of where it was – but he figured it was the best he was going to get out of the potions master, especially at this hour of the morning. He didn't know exactly what time it was, but the sky to his left was beginning to sprout a tinge of orangey-pink. He also decided that his next question – and where are we going? – was too obvious to be answered, at least in a civil manner. No doubt they were headed towards either a hotel or bed and breakfast of some sort . . . or Snape's own house. When he further considered it, stumbling along the track behind Snape, that actually made more sense. He couldn't imagine that any hotel in this town prospered. This proved to be true, as twenty minutes later, Snape halted in front of a run-down house on the edge of town. Most of the terraced houses appeared to be boarded up, and the few that weren't spoke of the inhabitants living on the very edge of their means. There were no yards or gardens at the front, and the street didn't appear to have been swept for months. Overflowing bins sat forlornly by the kerb, surrounded by bin bags that had been torn open by some animal hunting for food. Harry shuddered. He couldn't imagine willingly living in a place like this. "Potter!" Snape barked from where he was standing in front of the front door. Harry jumped, and scurried to join his professor. "Sorry, sir," he muttered. Snape ignored him, and briskly tapped his wand in a circular pattern on the door, murmuring under his breath. Then he pushed the door open and hustled Harry inside. "Wait here," he ordered, and disappeared further into the house. Harry found himself standing in a long and narrow front room. Although the curtains were drawn closed over the front window, they were thin enough that they really didn't make much difference. The weakly emerging sunlight cast the room into dull shadows. Squinting, Harry could just make out the shape of an old, sagging armchair, and the bookcases that lined the walls and were filled to overflowing. Through a doorway at the other end of the room, he could just about make out what looked like an old-fashioned refrigerator. The kitchen , Harry realised. Before he could take a longer look at anything, Snape returned from the kitchen, carrying, of all things, a knife and fork. Puzzled, Harry watched as the man strode towards a bookcase, and reached over a particularly thick tome in a lurid purple cover. He did something that Harry couldn't see, and then the bookcase swung inwards, revealing a steep, narrow, rickety-looking staircase. Harry's mouth fell open. "Come along, Potter," Snape's voice floated back down the stairs. "I'm sure you'd appreciate getting to bed as much as I would." Letting out a small squeak – which he swore he'd never admit to – Harry hastily stumbled up the wooden staircase. There were two rooms at the top, one with the door firmly closed, and so Harry hesitantly approached the door that was ajar. Snape was bending over the small, single bed, apparently in the process of transfiguring the knife and fork into a duvet and pillow. "The other room is mine," he said, once he'd straightened up again. "You will not enter that room unless it is a dire emergency. By which I mean, you will expire in less than thirty seconds." "Um, yes, sir," Harry agreed. With that, Snape swept out of the room. Sinking down onto the bed, Harry felt it jostle. The mattress was as hard as stone, but the springs were so loose they were almost on the floor. After debating the matter for all of ten seconds, Harry decided it was much better than his cupboard had been, and it was probably more than his life was worth to go and fetch Snape to fix it. He toed his shoes off, and then curled up under the duvet. His last thought, as he yawned and immediately drifted off to sleep, was that he hoped Snape woke up before him, as he had no idea how on earth he'd get that bookcase door open again . . . and he'd seen no sign of a bathroom.