chin in his hand, forcing her to look into his eyes. "You look absolutely beautiful." He saw her cheeks flush a deeper red and a smile creep on her lips. "Thank you, you don't look so bad yourself, Malfoy." He laughed at her attempt at teasing. Rose was one of the wittiest women he had ever met but when it came to playful teasing she always caught herself embarrassed or not knowing what to say. It was quite fascinating. He thanked her, and they proceeded to talk about everything and anything. It was always like that with Rose, she would ask him about the weather and they would end up discussing the probability in which a Goblin could have a child with a giant and if the offspring would be of normal height. The topics never ran out and there was never an awkward pause. "Tell me about the Manor." She said, her back pressed against the balcony glass door as she sat on the floor next to him, her eyes looking at him with curiosity. "Well, it's very large." He began, trying to find ways to describe his family home. "I have a wing all to myself and my parent's is right above mine. I used to stay in the room adjacent to theirs when I was really young but when I turned six they moved me to the Second Floor, South Wing." He glanced at her, her expression of wonder. "We have breakfast in the Gardens during the Summer and dinner in the Dining Room, which is composed of a very large table, too large for only three people to sit on, in my opinion." "And when you're at school, do your parents live there all by themselves?" She said, her brow furrowed, trying to imagine two people in such a large house. "My Father travels a lot for work and most of the time and my Mom goes with him. We have a few properties around Europe so they sometimes stay there." He answers, feeling slightly uncomfortable talking about how rich his family really is. He hated when people assumed he was simply a rich, spoiled boy. His parents made sure that he was raised differently than they were, with different values and, rubbing their money on people's faces was not one of them. "So, yeah… We have a Quidditch pitch that I practice in too but, it's quite difficult when you don't have anyone to play against." He finishes, taking the last sip of his drink. He feels her eyes on him, reading his face. "Do you wish you had any other siblings?" She whispers, her voice small. "Do you get lonely?" "I do." His smile is sad. "My parents always wanted a lot of kids but, my Mum almost died giving birth to me so, they didn't want to risk it anymore. She had trouble all throughout the pregnancy, they're hard on her." He said, realizing suddenly that he had never said anything about that to anyone. Scorpius was one of the oldest out of his friends but he was also the smallest. He was born prematurely and his parents even thought he wouldn't survive. That is reason why his birth wasn't announced to the Wizarding Community until he was almost five months old, and his parents were sure of his health. "So much for Pureblood families being more powerful, huh?" He laughed bitterly. As one of the last completely Pureblood families, the Malfoys were running out of options in order to set up a good marriage. His parents were afraid that Scorpius would have trouble having children as well if he married an English Pureblood witch since the blood was so similar. But his Grandparents didn't agree, they kept saying that it was all nonsense, that they needed to keep doing what has worked for generations but, Scorpius and his parents knew better. And that was why his Mother kept hosting party after party, inviting Pureblood families from all over Europe in hopes of appeasing both her husband's and her in-law's wishes. Scorpius told Rose then, all of the worries and the pressure of continuing the family name, of pleasing his parents and above all, of living a life that he thought was worth it all. She listened without interrupting, her eyes kind and understanding. He had never felt more at ease with someone than at that moment, he felt lighter after talking to her, less worried. "Thank you for listening, Rose." He said, glancing down at his empty cup, feeling more alert than he ever felt. "It means a lot to me." "No, thank you for sharing with me." She smiled kindly, resting her hand above his, and he noticed how cold they were. "I'll always be here for you if you ever need anything. That's what friends are for." He smiled at her again and stood up, offering her his hand so that she could also stand. "Let's get you inside, you're freezing." He said kindly, opening the sliding glass door. "There you are!" Scorpius saw Bas stumble towards him, obviously drunk. "I missed you man. You have no idea what you missed, I saw such a great pair of breasts… Wow!" "Okay, let's get you home," Scorpius said, interrupting him before he said something he shouldn't. He grabbed Bas' arm and helped him walk towards the mostly empty house. He didn't realize it had gotten so late. "Oh, blimey Rose! I have been looking everywhere for you!" Albus said, coming out of the kitchen. "Oh I see you found Bas. He's plastered." "I see that. I'm taking him home and heading out myself." Scorpius said, saying his goodbyes to Albus and Rose, promising to write while in Greece. He stepped onto the Floo and watched the green flamed take him and Bas from the Potter house. Later that night, finally laying on his bed, Scorpius closed his eyes and all he could see was rich red hair and kind brown eyes.