a lot. The hunts were something that I and my father enjoyed. And they had the added benefit of calming the "strange happenings" down quite a lot. And I found that I quite enjoyed sleeping in a hammock so as soon as we returned home it replaced my bed. So my mother seeing that physical activities calmed the "demon-y" outbursts she decided that I needed to learn hand to hand combat. And her favorite show ncis gave her inspiration to have us both enroll in Krav maga. My mother being a slightly unhinged body and crime scene disposal/clean up crew loved the fact that the martial art basically taught you to turn anything into a weapon. A few years later and two failed attempts to have me kidnapped by Giovanni's thugs and one semi-successful attempt by the Russians. Where I'd had to stab a man called Ivan in the neck with a pen to make my escape when the warehouse suddenly caught fire. When the crooked cops in New England P.D. kept showing up at my school and following me home started to become a regular event. And with them trying to corner us like willful cattle to the slaughter house, that my father had gotten quite upset. You see my father Joshua had always been the calm, cool, and collected one. He never seemed to shatter, crack yes maybe even splinter a little but he always remained like steel as if he was being tempered. But where Joshua was level headed my mother Jessica followed the typical redheaded view, she was volatile and exceedingly quick to anger and could hold a grudge from now until the end of time. So while it took very little to anger my mother it took a great deal more to upset my father, or just upset his few morals. However when one of said crooked cops smacked me in the face and bloodied my nose and split my lip. That shattered one of my fathers few morals you never ever strike a child. It did not matter that they thought I was part demon or maybe all demon I was still a child, still his child regardless. And in my father's book you never ever hit women and especially not children. That my father finally snapped and knocked the cop out along with four of his teeth. And then my dad put on a terribly macabre smile declared we were taking a vacation to London and the Morris estate to visit his Great Aunt Gertrude Morris. And possibly visit mothers half sisters Petunia Dursley nee' Evans and most especially Lily Potter nee' Evans who ran off with a James Potter and hasn't been heard from since the announcement of her first born Harry James Potter. We finally arrived in London two days later my seriously jet-lagged parents could hardly keep me reined in. The flight attendant I followed around was quite happy to give me as many caffeinated drinks that fit in my belly. As well as any snack I desired she seemed to I was just too adorable to say no to. And until I'd pass out after the sugar and caffeine rush my parents had to deal with me. There we were Joshua and Jessica Morris looking haggard and little 11 year old me hyped up on caffeine and sugar running about them in over excited circles. By the time we found a cab or lorries as they called them in London, I had passed out in the cab and slept the whole way to the Morris estate. The Morris estate was a sprawling collection of buildings a garage for the several vehicles that great aunt Gertrude owned. A guest house that we would be staying in. And the main two story house it was based off of the Queen's house in Greenwich only significantly smaller. There were also stables with a few Clydesdales. What interested me the most about the whole estate was the 53 acres of untouched land where nature ran wild and free, the Morris Reserve was dedicated to my father's great uncle Vladimir Morris who took my great aunts name because he was a simple german refugee and who fled Germany in world war one, who was lucky enough to start a new life and fall in love. But it was Vladimir's love of nature that had given birth to the Morris Reserve, all sorts of native wildlife reclaimed the forest there were badgers, jackdaws, ravens, mule deer, hedgehogs, foxes, and every other animal you could imagine and a few that were beyond imagination. Gertrude being over ninety had already set up her will so that young Joshua would inherit the estate when she passed on. Gertie as she wished to be called screeched at how utterly adorable I was. And was initially quite thrilled that I took an interest in the forest. A week later and she was screeching about me being an "unnatural demon" when I'd stolen a kiss from a small lost girl. Jessica was a surprising champion for me and shouted that there was nothing wrong with what I'd done and Joshua agreed he and his wife may have been murders with questionable morals but they were fairly open minded about those kind of things. Three days later after I'd come back from wandering around the city I was animatedly telling my mother and Gertrude about a man who had a florescent green mohawk and how I'd like to have forest green instead because it would look lovely with my teal eyes better. When suddenly Gertrude gasped and clutched at her chest before dropping to the floor. My mother quickly called an ambulance where they tried to revive her to no avail she was already dead. I was quite upset about it for several months after the funeral. I asked my parents to stay in the guest house while they moved into the main house. And so our lives in London truly began.