into a vortex that surrounded the pair of them. James' hand, unable to pass through, confirmed that they were trapped; Harry hadn't been entirely sure how solid they were, or if it would work. The wind swallowed their voices, too; he could see them shouting from within their gusty prison, but couldn't hear them. Lily thumped the whirlwind and Harry felt the spell falter. She shrieked soundlessly at him, face very ugly now, and starting to mix into Tom's. "Padfoot, now!" he said. Padfoot made a pained noise and Harry heard him stumble back. Panicking, Harry turned, hoping that the locket hadn't hurt him somehow, and James – who, like Lily, was starting to resemble Tom - took advantage of his distraction to throw himself against Harry's spell. It shattered. Wind howled through the room, tugging on Harry's hair and upturning the couch. It knocked Harry back into Padfoot, who caught him with one arm; the other was cradling his midsection, and Harry's stomach churned with worry and fear. James and Lily surged forward, and Harry lifted his wand, trying to think of a spell that would hold them at bay, but then Padfoot's arm was there, pulling him back toward the door. "What-?" Harry started to ask, but then he saw Kreacher advancing on the locket; he had the fang in his knobbly little hand, and the other was held out before him, holding a glowing green shield in place. Harry saw him mumble something, and thought he might have heard the word 'Regulus' over the wind and the inhuman howls of the things that had resembled Harry's parents, but now looked more like Inferi than anything. Then, Kreacher stabbed the locket. A cloud of black exploded out of it, and Harry saw Kreacher swallowed. He didn't even have time to shout the elf's name before the cloud was upon them. He fumbled with his wand, but Padfoot was ready with a shield charm, and Harry felt vague heat, but not much else; what appeared to be ash billowed at them, but passed harmlessly over the shield and out onto the landing and stairs. Then, everything went very still; the ash fell to the floor all at once, and Harry's whirlwind charm ended, and the drawing room was empty but for Kreacher, and the mangled locket. Harry hurried forward, with Padfoot – still cradling his stomach - in his wake, and ash billowed up around them. Kreacher had been knocked off his feet by the blast, and was covered from head to toe in ash, and had a nasty looking burn on his shoulder, but otherwise seemed unhurt, if his muttered curses were anything to go by. Padfoot caught Harry's arm and held him at a distance, where they could watch Kreacher, who was picking himself up off the floor, fang still in hand. Padfoot's wand stayed up, and pointed at the elf. "Done," Kreacher said thickly. "Done, done, oh, yes, it is done." "Kreacher," Padfoot said, "drop the fang." The fan dropped onto the carpet without a sound, but ask puffed up around it. "Padfoot," Harry said, trying to push his godfather's wand down, but Padfoot fended off Harry's attempts with his elbow. Harry looked at Padfoot, who was rather pale, and at Kreacher, who appeared to be crying, and decided he must be missing something. "Explain," Padfoot said curtly. Kreacher snapped his fingers and Padfoot sucked in a breath, then straightened, fingers probing his midsection. " You hurt him?" Harry asked Kreacher. "Kreacher had orders, Kreacher promised to destroy the locket, but Kreacher hadn't, and Kreacher thought Master Sirius- that the Dark Lord had won him, so Kreacher-" "Attacked me and did it yourself," Padfoot said, rubbing a hand over his face. "And I wasn't faltering." "Much," Harry said, arching an eyebrow. He'd expected a scowl, but instead Padfoot's expression grew shadowy. "Awful as it is, it was-" "Nice to see them?" Harry asked, swallowing. Padfoot didn't say anything, but he did reach out and put a hand on Harry's shoulder. "Right," he said, after several long moments, and turned back to Kreacher, who was dusting himself off. "You attack me again – even if it is to kill a horcrux – and I'll go back on what I said and stick your head up on the wall like my cow of a mother did to yours." Harry didn't think Kreacher saw that as a threat as much as he did an honour, but Kreacher had the sense to interpret it in the way it was intended, and bowed his head, nodding. "Good." He looked around at the drawing room – ruined, for the second time since they'd moved in. "We'll deal with this mess later, we've got to get ready or Andy'll have our heads." Padfoot picked up the fang and strode out. "He's not really angry," Harry said to Kreacher. "Just-" "Kreacher is well accustomed to Master Sirius' moods," Kreacher said, patting Harry's arm. "Not happy with Kreacher for attacking, not happy with Master Sirius for his falter, no, he isn't. Not to worry, Master Harry, Kreacher knows, oh, yes." Kreacher shuffled over to the locket and picked it up. Harry had seen little smirks and smiles on the elf's face before, and seen him pleased, but he didn't think he'd ever seen him this content; he supposed it must be nice to finally fulfilled his promise to Regulus after all these years. "He's happy about that, though," Harry said. "Padfoot, I mean." "Kreacher knows," Kreacher assured him. There were stomping footsteps on the landing, and then Padfoot was back. "Stand still,' he said, "I'll fix the burn on your shoulder." Kreacher stayed very still as Padfoot dabbed the ointment on, and then patted his hand when it was done. The pair of them shared a long look, then Padfoot swallowed and looked away, at the same time as Kreacher sniffed and looked down. "Right," Padfoot said gruffly. "We really need to get ready now."