Hall. "Rolanda," he greeted her curtly as he entered, but not quite managing a smile. "Severus," She replied in the same tone, but her yellow hawk-eyes widened slightly when she saw he was approaching her to engage in conversation. An actual conversation! This was most unusual. Minerva and Pomona who had been gossiping about students nearby, stopped at once and ogled them too. Severus rolled his eyes in annoyance. "If it's not too much bother, would you mind checking with the Quidditch teams and into the school supplies to find out if any Quidditch material has been reported missing this year," he might as well check an overly long period of time, just in case, and the school year had started over seven months ago. "Hum...sure, Severus. May I ask why?" Of course, the gossipy witch would want to know. Well, it was hardly a secret anyway. "Hagrid and I are hunting a mythical creature that may have some kleptomaniac tendencies," he answered crytically, enjoying the look of confusion that clouded her face. Madam Hooch looked at him as if he had gone mad or spoken Gobbledegook. "And what monster could possibly interest the both of you?" inquired Minerva, butting into a private conversation without a shred of shame, but that was so like her, he didn't even take offence. "A bare-foot. It seems to be a small, tree-climbing, bat-wielding werewolf-basher." "I'll believe it when I see it," she chuckled. "Please indulge him, Rolanda. It's so rare of him to take an interest in anything else besides potions." Nobody ever believed you when you said the whole naked truth. "Funny you should mention something like that though," the flight instructor told him. "because it's notorious the Quidditch Pitch has been 'visited' more than once since... well, since the school reopened four years ago, really." After the Final Battle, right here in Hogwarts - be it castle, lawn, greenhouses or even the Black Lake and the Quidditch pitch - where so many had died and the damage been so great, the school had been shut down for a year to put it back in shape in order to welcome the students back. "I don't listen to idle gossip, as you very well know," he retorted snidely. If he did, he would probably hear so many nasty things about him, it would give him a headache. "It just proves how useful the rumour mill really is, doesn't it?" she snapped back, but resumed quickly at the scathing glare he was sending her. "Since the school reopened, students have been complaining about their Quidditch gear going missing. Sometimes it's a their outfit, discarded on a bench because it was too hot; a glove they dropped on the pitch while flying; or a bat they left for a few minutes break; even a snitch went missing last year. And before you go accusing anyone, all of the Houses have been targeted these last four years. But you really should know that, being a Head of House yourself. So, of course, the Quidditch teams started the rumour that they had their own Quidditch ghost now, although he has never been seen. And it's more like a poltergeist actually, if it can steal their stuff. Funny thing is that the team that is last robbed is said to be cursed with bad luck for their next match and the students actually take that into account for their bets. It really tips the odds." Severus was speechless. He had really been out of touch with reality if he had never heard about any of that before. "Oh! And his name is Clyde," she added as an afterthought. "What? Why?" he asked, a bit befuddled by all the new trivia. "Beats me," she said with a shrug. Severus glided away from the staff room, but not to lunch in the Great Hall. No, he didn't feel like it. He went to his personal quarters instead and summoned the Slytherin ghost. "Bloody Baron, it's so nice of you to come." The translucent being merely bowed his head in acknowledgement to his current Head of House. Contrary to his Gryffindor counterpart, the Bloody Baron disliked communicating with the living, which suited the Slytherins just fine. "I wonder if you could confirm the presence of a poltergeist, or even a ghost, currently haunting the Quidditch pitch?" "I think we already have our hands full as it is with Peeves," the ghost slurred nastily. "No new spirits have taken up residence at Hogwarts lately, which is surprising, considering..." Yes, considering... Considering the sheer amount of lives taken violently and prematurely in this very place. It was a wonder indeed. But Severus thought that might be because most everyone, whether on the winning or losing side, fully expected to die on the battlefield anyway. "Indeed," the wizard said slowly, echoing his thoughts "Thank you, Bloody Baron. That will be all." It was starting to feel like detective work and Severus found himself enjoying it. Like any good Slytherin, he valued a puzzle complex enough to sharpen his wits and take his mind off more mundane matters. However, it was hard to imagine someone had been surviving alone in the Forbidden Forest for these last four years or so. Or maybe his bare-foot wasn't alone, he couldn't jump to conclusions, that would be so...Gryffindor. Only one way to find out, he'd have to scout the Forest and he didn't feel like leaving that for later. It was still the week-end and he fully intended to get some answers before resuming his monotonous work on Monday. Severus hated what he was about to do with all his heart, but it was the only way he could think of to achieve his goal. He opened his window and, standing in front of the cool fresh air, he made himself relax. It had been a long time since he last tried it, but he closed his eyes, concentrating on the transformation process and flew out the window.