you'd actually go about killing Peter.' 'I could choke him, push him out the window, the good old stabbing method. I mean he's pretty weak, I could probably do him in with a butter knife...' 'NO! Peace not hate! Love not war!' Sirius taps Gabi on the shoulder "Hey Gabi, how do you know my mate James?" Gabi sighs, "You wouldn't believe me if I told you." Morning found Gabi and Sirius trudging through a fresh snow in a wide open field. In the distance a lovely red house glowed, puffing smoke through its chimney. As the couple approached the front gate of the cottage Sirius bent down, patting a compact ball of snow in his glove clad hand. Winding back, he flung the snowball into the top left window. "Oi Mate! Your Christmas presents' arrived!" A groggy young man with wild, dark brown hair and glasses opened the window. He's in red flannel pajamas with a JP embroidered into the breast pocket. As he looks down on the pair, Sirius throws another snowball which explodes in the young man's face. "Oi James! Let us in!" guffaws Sirius. With a bark the boy slams his window shut, rattling the shutters. A few minutes later the front door is opened by James Potter himself, clad in a red and gold robe, his face a mix of glee and irritation at seeing his best friend. Noticing the spicy girl standing suspiciously close to Sirius, James raises his eyebrows, a twinkle in his eye as he looks to Sirius. "And who might this lovely lady be?" Asks James. Gabi, ever the feminist, interrupts Sirius' introduction for her. "I'm Gabi. And if you don't mind, I can talk for myself." She shoots a glare at Sirius. "Feisty." Says James with a laugh. "I like her, Padfoot." He opens the door, allowing Gabi and Sirius to enter into the kitchen. "So what's my present?" asks James, smirking at the dark haired wizard as they began walking through the house. Sirius, gives a sickly sweet smile. "Me." he bats his eyelashes sarcastically. The two friends banter as James walks them down the warm hallway, sun streaming in through the kitchen windows. He leads the group up the stairs, to a pair of empty rooms. As they passed the hall of bedrooms Sirius suddenly banged on one of the doors. "Morning Mate! Happy Christmas!" They hear a low growl from within. "Ha! That's good Ol' Mooney for you," chuckles Sirius to Gabi. Following Sirius' lead, Gabi bangs on another door yelling "hi mate!" In a high pitched squeal. A shriek is heard from within and a rat scampers under the door. "Don't mind him, that's just ol' Wormtail!" chuckles Sirius, noticing Gabi's embarrassment. It was midnight and a fire crackled low in the hearth of the Potter's fire place. The Marauders were all passed out on the couches, exhausted from an evening of merrymaking. Only one lay awake, one who was stretched out by the hearth, looking up at the most beautiful girl he'd ever met. Just a day ago, she didn't exist in his life, but now, he couldn't see his life without her. She made him laugh out loud, not intentionally, but through her own spacy ways. She made him think about things in ways he never could have imagined, and most importantly, beyond all the quirks he recognized a rebel, a dreamer, an activist, a kindred spirit within her. As they sat together by the crackling fire, Sirius slowly began to lean it. The warmth of the fire wasn't necessary anymore, for the fire in each of their hearts was raging. Their eyes slowly fell shut and as the sweetness of the moment began to unfurl….screamo twinkle twinkle little star started to blare from Gabi's butt pocket. The Marauders sprung to the ready, wands drawn, and Sirius grinned in amusement as he pulled away from the girl he was quickly falling for. "You want to get that?" He asks Gabi, laughing. Gabi mumbles something as she answers her phone. "Morning Gabini." Chirps the voice of her twin brother Stephan. "You're in for it this time. Sneaking out on Christmas night, gone for the family breakfast…." The Marauders look up, grinning as they heard the echo of Gabi's brother scolding her. "…..you are BUSTED ahahahahahahahahhaa" they hear Stephan shout though the phone. In the background of the phone, Gabi can hear her grandma shout in a polish accent, "Let me talk to her!" As Stephan puts their Grandma on the phone Gabi exclaims in a rush, "Grandmama great to hear from you too, call you later bye!" Her cheeks turn red from embarrassment as the room goes silent, all eyes on Gabi. Peter makes a gesture to the black calling device in Gabi's hand. "So...what IS that thing?" Sirius the expert in muggle devices chimes, "that's a cellphone, and looks like Gabi has the most modern version!" As the night passed on, one by one the sleepy Marauders headed back to their rooms. Soon the couple was alone. "So where were we?" Sirius asks, a sparkle in his eye. Think of something witty, Gabi thought to herself. "Talking about the nature of muggle and wizard relations?" "Oh like this?" He leans in to kiss her, cupping her face in his hands, drawing her close to him, and then, as their breath hung between them like a morning dew, Gabi felt a violent suction coming from the fireplace! Before she even knows what's happening, she is ripped from Sirius' tender arms and shoots up into chimney. The last thing she hears is a broken echo of her name, torn from the pair of lips she would never get to kiss. Moments later she was thrown from a fireplace, skidding spread eagle across the living room floor, screeching to a halt at her grandma's slippers. · "Hi….." she says timidly to the angry family. "Just went for a midnight walk and lost track of time." The End