It is now part of the forest." Hermione gulped. Merlin, she hoped Luna knew what she was doing. She was having a difficult time accepting Luna could possibly be this focused on anything. She just hoped her trust didn't get her blown to bits. "One.. Two… Three!" Luna not only released her hands but pushed her backward. Hermione, not completely expecting that, had no choice but to fall backward under the water. She squeezed her eyes tight waiting for the pain of being torn apart bywild magic, but it never came. Slowly she righted herself and pushed back to the surface. Luna was already standing, her wet hair now dripping down her back. The glow was gone, and her jammies were back, but the fairies were still fluttering around,but aimlessly now. Hermione turned from her friend to look downstream. She could actually see the shimmering shine of the magic being carried away. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Luna was panting hard as they stood in the water, watching the magic as it disappeared around a bend. "Well, that certainly went much better than I expected." She said with a smile and a shrug. Hermione gaped at her. "Excuse me?! You mean you actually didn't know how that would go? How did you think it would end?" "Well, I wasn't actually certain what would happen, but the amount of magic that was required was definitely making me rethink things." She spoke as if talking to a small child who had a hard time understanding. Of course, she didn't expectHermione to really understand. She was weighed down by her logical brain sometimes. All the things she must miss out on. Luna felt quite sorry for her, really. "It ended well in any case. I don't know about you, but I don't particularly fancy staying in my wet jammies any longer than necessary." She started wading back to the shore. "Could you give me a hand, I didn't bring my wand." Hermione followed behind. "Are you actually telling me, you came out into the Forbidden Forest, without a wand?" "I believe that is what I just said. Why would I need one? I had the centaurs with me the whole time." Sometimes she wondered how Hermione could be so smart, but miss things that were completely obvious. She turned back to face the brunettewitch as she followed suite, and clambered onto the back. She waited patiently while Hermione first dried herself, then Luna, and put her shoes and socks back on. "I expect you're rather sleepy after all that. It would probably be best if we headed to bed now. We don't want anyone to worry where we've been." She didn't miss the small snort and mumbled "Right" as Hermione walked behind her. As the left the mushroom path the centaurs finally moved after standing still and silent this whole time. They took up their positions on either side of the teenagers. "Probably best to keep quiet as we walk back. We wouldn't want to attract anything that would mean us harm." There were a few creatures in the woods Luna had no desire to ever encounter, thank you very much. The walk back seemed much shorter. As requested, the kept silent, apart from the sound of the feet and hooves snapping twigs and crunching leaves. Upon reaching the spot they had first met with the centaurs, Luna stopped. "Thank you for your assistance tonight. I'm sure Mother Moon and the magic will bless you for your part tonight." She looked at both centaurs before walking towards each in turn and stroking their flank. Once she had returned to her position before them, they inclined their heads, before turning and heading back into the depths of the forest. "Come on Hermione." Luna turned and began skipping in the direction of the castle. She always felt so light after using wild magic. Tired, but light. Hermione continued to follow along silently, a thoughtful expression on her face. Every now and again she would glance over at Luna. She was sure her friend had many questions she wanted to ask, but tonight simply wasn't the night to answer them. Theyboth needed a good rest first. Approaching the doors leading into the castle, Luna knocked softly. A moment later there was a soft pop and the two house elves appeared. "We're ready to head back to bed I think. If you wouldn't mind giving us a hand please." Both elves looked like they may have been sleeping when they knock came, as they merely nodded with blurry eyes and extended a hand. Appearing once again inside the castle, the elves bid them goodnight and disappeared to their own soft, little their way up, Luna felt it would be best if she took Hermione all the way back to Gryffindor tower. She seemed too deep in thought to pay enough attention to her surroundings to avoid getting caught. They made the trek up in continued silence,only stopping once they had reached the Fat Lady. Luna had to actually poke Hermione to get her attention and prompt her for the password. Once the portrait had swung open Luna bid her friend goodnight, and skipped away down the hall. Xxxxxxxxxxxxx Hermione hardly noticed Luna's departure as she entered the common room. Her mind was a flurry of thought, bouncing around from one thing to the next. She could still feel the faint thrum of magic ghosting across her skin. She had a lot of questions toorganize for the blonde, and she was determined to get her answers. Climbing the staircase to the girl's dorms, she entered her dorm and climbed into bed on autopilot, so lost in her own thoughts. She kept replaying everything in her mind. Every sound,every feeling, everything she had seen and experienced. Pulling her covers up over herself and snuggling down, her last thoughts were her wonderings if there were any books in the library on nymph magic, and how it could change someone. For changed she certainly felt.