and randomly thanking him in the streets. As if there was one child in wizarding Britain, who didn´t know Harry Potters face. "So...?", Ginnys tone was tentatively "Who is it?" "I don´t know", Hermione avoided their eyes and turned around opting to look out over the garden, where Ron spotted a gnome sneaking back into their garden through a hole, the gnomes must have dug under the fence. Getting you later , Ron gave the creature his most predatory stare and memorized the point in the fence, where the gnomes had dug the hole. He regularly checked the fence, but there were new holes every few weeks. "What do you mean you don´t know? You just got your letter", Ron said. Hermione took a deep breath, than thought differently about it and sighed eyeing them all very cautiously, as if she was weighing them up. "You don´t have to tell us", Harry quickly offered "I mean, I will be disappointed, if I am not invited to the wedding, but you totally don´t have to tell us today" Hermione smiled. "I... I suppose it´s alright. I erm- I actually don´t know who". She briefly scanned the leter again and handed it to Ron with a sigh. Ron was surprised, that she had picked him. Usually when it came to emotional things and sensitive subjects Harry was her go-to-guy. " Dear Ms. Hermione Jean Granger under the newly instigated Marriage-Law under paragraph... blah blah legal bullshit", Ron summed up a lot of text and skipped to the section, where the name of the spouse was supposed to be printed in bolt letters. At least the example-notification in the Daily Prophet had shown it like this. " We are pleased to inform you, that we have made a promising match between you and: No-one ", Ron blinked. Hermione hadn´t been kidding. "What, she won´t get to marry anyone?", Ginny gasped. "Hang on", Ron swallowed hard and read on. " Since the special circumstances under the paragraphs- again legal stuff- A lot of paragraphs. Numbers fouty-two to like sixty-seven apply to you, we have made two matches for you, likely to secure your happy future. Please let us know your answer, whether you want to make use of the protocols applying to your situation by return-owl immediately. Yours sincerely Mafalda Hopkirk. What a load of waffle! What on earth do they mean with special situation?", Ron looked to Hermione for an answer. He always did, even when she seemed at a loss like right now. "So they made two matches and you get to pick?", Ginny asked "That sounds great! You will actually have a bit of a choice, Mione". But Hermione shook her head. "Didn´t you read the article in the Daily Prophet on special circumstances?". "Er- I don´t get it either", Ron pitched in. "I totally read the article, I just don´t remember the exact wording... or much of it at all". Hermione rolled her eyes "Of course, and why bother with something, that only decides the rest of our lifes?", she frowned at Ron. "It is the special circumstances for... homosexual people". "Oh", Ginny blushed "You are telling us...?" "No!", Hermione waved of, but doubt took over her features. "I mean... I don´t know. How would I? They just- Homosexuals aren´t exempt from the law. They have to marry too, form families, raise children. Help increase the population" "So? What does it have to do with you?", Ron wanted to know. Hermione went very pink. "Well I am apparently a good match for someone out there, who", she stared at the floor purposefully avoiding their eyes "likes girls", she finished lamely. Rons jaw dropped. It was silent enough for him to hear it drop. "Oh", Ginny giggled nervously. Harry mirrored Rons own expression. "Well of course they don´t expect me to figure out... well everything on the spot. There are so few gay witches and wizards. A small community in a small community, you know? I have to choose now. I can pick the straight match right now, settle for a guy I don´t know. Or... I could date the girl, see if this is... something for me. But of course if I pick that option, and find out I am straight after all, there is a chance all the guys, who would have been a good match are gone. Legally the ministry can only force you to marry of ou have a fifty percent match or higher, so I wouldn´t be stuck with someone completely unikely... But still...", she went on and on trying to voice all the thoughts and scenarios her brain had spit out. Which were a lot. Hermione was remarkably clever after all. The other three just stared or, in Ginnys case, giggled. "Hermione", Harry finally cleared his throat. He put a hand on her shoulder and took a deep breath. "You can think about it all you like, I am afraid you will have to follow your heart in the end though". "Or your-", Harry elbowed Ginny before she could finish the sentence and gave Hermione an innocent smile. "What do you think?", Hermione, to Rons utter surprise, turned to him. "Well", he shrugged. "I don´t wanna be that guy. And as a sort-of-almost-ex I probably shouldn´t be saying anything at all-" "Please, Ron", Hermione grabbed his arm, her warm brown eyes pleading. "As a friend, what do you think?". Ron cleared his throat. "Between your track-record of pumpkin-head and myself", he shrugged "I think you ought to give it a shot. You think to much. You are obviously interested, otherwise you wouldn´t be considering it". "Oh Merlin, that is true", Hermione sunk down on the bed. "I am considering it. Me... with..." "A girl", Ginny supplied and started giggeling again, until Harry shut her up with another elbow. "No matter who or what. We are there for you Hermione", Harry took Hermiones hand and squeezed it. "So?", Ron asked "What are you going to answer?"