that weird?" "You're talking to a man who can turn into a cat and wave a magic stick," Regulus said, getting a chuckle out of the boy. "I've seen weirder. However, I am concerned." Dudley let out a yawn and the man added, "But we can talk about it in the morning. Come on. Let's get you back to the wing." The two stood up and, with Regulus' arm still protectively wrapped around the boy's shoulders, walked right past the guards. Regulus didn't let go of the boy until they were back in the wing. Dudley ducked into the bathroom to change into a hospital gown, if only because his clothes were covered with chocolate. He came back out and took a long look at Harry, who barely took up a third of his hospital bed. "He's going to be okay," Regulus said quietly, leading Dudley over to a spare bed. "And so are you. I promise. I'm not going to let anything happen to either one of you." "Why?" Dudley asked, sinking down into the mattress. "I get caring about him. It's about time someone did. But why do you care about me?" "We're family, Dudley," Regulus said with a smile. "We are?" "You're my brother's brother's wife's nephew," he teased. "If that doesn't make us family then what does?" He rested his hand on the boy's forehead, if only to perform a subtle spell that caused his eyes to snap shut. It wasn't long before two sets of snores filled the room. It was only then that Regulus left. He headed down the corridor just as Dr. Thompson headed up it. Regulus caught her waist and pulled her into a secluded area. Her cheeks grew pink and it was a moment before he pulled away. Regulus gestured back towards the wing before saying, "Erm, what ?" She sighed. "It's called Binge Eating Disorder. It occurs when children, anyone, really, go through a traumatic experience. They eat uncontrollably as a subconscious attempt to cope." "Will he be all right?" "He will," she said, "but it's going to take some time. I'd like to see him for counseling." Regulus blinked. "You, erm, counsel?" "I found early on in my profession that treating a child's physical injuries is useless if their mental wounds are left untreated. I work in the pediatric emergency room on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays and the pediatric psychiatry department on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays." "Blimey, do you ever sleep?" "Do you?" she countered. "Go on; you need to lead by example." He stared at her with a raised eyebrow before sighing, trudging back to the wing. She followed him, giving him his own personal escort, just as he had done with the eleven-year-old boy. "They'll be okay, won't they?" he asked in a voice too small for his demeanor. Dr. Thompson smiled and said, "You're all going to be fine." And as the last hours of July faded away to welcome a blazing hot August, Regulus and the boys slept on, moving closer and closer to their new future. And as the last few hours of July fade away, I end this chapter. I must warn you, though, that the rest of the book will not be published in real time. I have far too much to do. In fact, one might wonder why, when juggling a Senator's internship, another internship, preparation for attending grad school at an Ivy League College at a city seven hours away that I've been to thrice, and actually writing and publishing legitimate books, I would ever consider writing fanfiction. Well, the truth of the matter is, I've missed this so much. It's the perfect way to relax. When you write books for profit, as enjoyable as they are, everything is quite literally 'work'. But with this, I don't have to worry about the typos or the formatting or the copyright issues or the reviews or, well, anything. With all of that said, let's talk about the fanfiction. As you've probably noticed, it's strayed away from canon from, well, the very first line. (Harry...happy?) I won't bother listing every single thing that I have taken upon myself to change (see the above busy schedule) but I will say that if you read something that you know isn't canon, it's intentional. If you have questions about a certain change, please feel free to leave a comment and I'll try to answer. (Again, see the above schedule.) As you've also noticed, this is going to be slightly different than most other stories where Harry is rescued from the Dursleys/Dumbledore's manipulations. This isn't going to be a Powerful!Harry story. It's not even going to be an Independent!Harry story. Don't get me wrong, I've been in love with those two tropes for a decade and a half. But even more than those tropes, I love the idea of an adult in Harry's life taking charge and ensuring that he can be a kid . I just got through five years of being an Early Childhood Education Major and I want Harry to be a kid. Not a martyr, not a destined dead-man-walking, a child who is in the safe hands on several loving adults who will fight the entire world if it means he's safe. As with every fanfiction you ever come across, please consider reviewing. And if you'd like to check out my actual books to give me a few dollars towards an apartment in the aforementioned terrifying city, you're in luck. Two years ago, when I first started publishing, I equipped the Amazon Search to link to my username (marauders4evr). You should be able to find all of my books by searching. I will warn you that the quality isn't as superb as a polished author who doesn't have to follow the aforementioned schedule of events. However, I had a lot of fun writing them and hope you enjoy them. Hopefully I'll have an update within a week or so. Until then, Mischief Managed.