"Mr. Olivander, I tire of this. Just give me the Yew and Phoenix Feather wand, 13 and a half inches. I do believe that the feather was given by a phoenix called Fawkes." Both Olivander and Abraxas blinked, surprised, before Olivander complied with the order, for that was what it was, an order. Riddle took the wand and gave it a wave, conjuring a snake before banishing it without a word. Abraxas gaped at the display of magical prowess while Olivander just smiled. "Ah yes, that seems to be the wand for you. You will do-" "Great things... I know," Riddle replied, making Olivander beam at him. This snapped Abraxas out of his stupor and his closed his mouth quickly. "I wish you luck on your chosen path this time. It's very different from what you've chosen before..." Olivander said cryptically. Riddle just turned away, now facing Abraxas. Abraxas took one look at Riddle and couldn't help but gape again. Riddle... was stunning and Abraxas couldn't help but feel that Riddle's beauty far surpassed his own. The boy had an unearthly beauty to him with his dark locks and green eyes. His robes, Abraxas now realized, were made of the finest materials. As Riddle walked past him, he paused and looked up before giving a smirk. "Close your mouth, Bad Faith, or you'll be adding flies to your diet." With that, Riddle walked out. Abraxas felt his cheeks heating up and he snapped his mouth shut, fuming. Bad Faith? How dare that mudblood... He could barely hear what Olivander was saying as he was paired with a wand. He could only think of getting that mudblood back for his attitude. "Elm, 18 inches, Dragon Heartstring, Mr. Malfoy. That'll be eight Galleons" Abraxas nodded towards Olivander and payed before walking outside, his good mood ruined by that arrogant little mudblood. He took a deep breath, trying to calm down, and walked towards Magical Menagerie to find the perfect pet. He pushed open the door and immediately went to the owl section. Owl's were always very useful, after all. He frowned, expecting the shop assistant or owner to come running over to cater to him. He was a Malfoy after all. Looking up, he suddenly realized why no one had payed any attention to him. The staff were trying, futilely, to convince a six foot snake to get off the mudblood boy from before. He smirked cruelly. Served that mudblood right. However, when Riddle turned so that Abraxas could see his face, he realized that Riddle's face was the embodiment of calmness with, perhaps, a hint of exasperation. He didn't seem to mind the six foot snake at all. "I'm fine. There's no need to fuss. I think she likes me. What do you think of the name Nagini, dear?" Riddle's voice floated over towards him. The snake hissed excitedly, making the staff of the shop cringe back in fear as it reared up, snapping its jaws. "Great. I'm sure we'll get along marvelously..." "Sir, a-are you sure about that snake? She is one of the most dangerous snakes in existence..." "She likes me. See? She hasn't eaten me yet. Plus, I think I can handle her if I've handled a basilisk before," Riddle said with a chuckle as the snake snapped at the shop owner. "Now, can I have her?" "Yes yes! Free of charge! You can have her!" the shop owner squeaked as the snake got closer and bared its fangs. Riddle smiled sweetly and whipped out his wand and Abraxas was suddenly grateful that he was in a relatively dark and unseen corner of the shop, but he wished that there were more people in here. " Obliviate! " The two adults became dazed as the memory altering spell hit them and Riddle sighed before walking towards the entrance. Abraxas held his breath, freezing in place and hoping that Riddle wouldn't notice him. However, luck was not on his side. Riddle paused at the door. "Bad Faith," he addressed the Malfoy heir, making Abraxas tense up, "I hope that I won't have to Obliviate you, too." His snake - Nagini - stared at him and flickered its tongue out, hissing something at her master. "No, Nagini. You may not eat him." And then, Riddle shrunk her, hid her, and left. Abraxas unfroze as the shop owner and staff suddenly came to their senses, realizing he was there, and started fussing over him. Could Riddle really... talk to snakes? Harry sighed as he boarded the bus that would take him back to the orphanage. This - all that had happened - was highly confusing. Meeting Nagini was a stroke of luck and he was glad to have something that was part of his previous life, even if that something was the pet of his former archenemy. Then again, he himself was now said archenemy. Being a Dark Lord-to-be was highly irritating and tiring. And just when he thought he had found a way to kill himself, he gets reincarnated. And, ironically, reincarnated as his former archenemy who was obsessed with finding a way to be immortal. Oh well, he had long accepted the fact that he was technically immortal and that everyone else would die some time or later. He had always wanted a normal life, but it seemed that Fate was determined to not give him the joy of having a normal life. He himself, it seemed, was also determined on getting some action. It just didn't feel right for him to have a normal life any more. In fact, the very thought unnerved him. If he was immortal, well, he might as well have some fun, right? So, being a Dark Lord was something new and entertaining, wasn't it? Looking up at his stop, Harry quickly got off the bus and walked back to the orphanage, his hand clenched around his shrunken trunk and supplies. He just hoped that he was mentally prepared to be a Dark Lord.