and started hopping on her good foot. "I would love to be friends Harry Potter." Harry smiled back, her smile was awfully infectious. "Great, but if we are friends you have to call me Harry." For a second it looked like Luna blushed as she whispered. "I call you Harry, what do you call me?" Harry was confused for a second before he remembered what she had said about not knowing what friends would call her as she had none. "What would you like me to call you. I could just call you Luna." Luna smiled at that. "I'd like that." Harry realized she looked rather normal in that moment, though he wasn't sure why. Maybe it was her smile, Harry thought she was very pretty when she smiled, she looked like the bell of the ball… Luna tapped Harry on the shoulder and hummed. "Harry, are you OK? You're not being attacked by Wrackspurts are you?" Harry looked at her as his brain put two and two together... ... . ... "OHHHHH!" Luna had already taken out her wand and pointed at his head. "This really hurts and you might be vomiting for a couple of days but it's the only way I know how to stop a Wrackspurt infection." What? No. I don't have Nargles!" Harry exclaimed before saying. "I was just… just." Harry took a deep breath before asking. "Luna, would you like to go to the ball with me?" Luna's mouth dropped as her eyes widened, then she frowned. "That was rather mean of you, I thought you were different… oh wait, it must be the Wrackspurts." Harry waved his hand across his face protectively. "NO! NO! I really want to go to the ball with you. I mean we're friends now and my other two friends either have a date or is a guy and I really need to go to the ball with someone or I disgrace Hogwarts and Gryffindor and the girl I wanted to ask out was mean to you and turned me down and his evil..." Luna looked confused which was a rather odd look on her face. "I can't go to the ball, though." "If you have a date that's a fourth year or older, then you can go to the ball," Harry said excitedly. Luna was looking at him like he was rather simple, she also seemed somewhat amused as well as disheartened. Harry had no way of knowing how he knew this since her expression had hardly changed since he first met her. "I know that silly, but I can't dance," Luna said, "I can hardly walk." Harry slowly looked down to her cast leg and resisted the urge to punch himself in the face. "Oh". Luna giggled which made Harry's face turn crimson. "Well… Luna, I'd still like to um… go to the… um… ball with you. We can think of something. I… um… maybe we will just have an excuse for how bad my dancing is. I hate dancing anyway way and…" Luna ended Harry's mumbling by hopping up to him and giving him a kiss on the cheek. "You are sweet. I would love to be your date to the ball. I just hope I don't get you in trouble." "Who cares!" Harry blurted out before adding. "Trouble I mean, I… Really? You want to go..." "Yes, that's what I told you, are you sure there aren't any Wrackspurts?" "No… I got to go, I'll see you at the dance…hopefully sooner…bye, Luna." Harry quickly gave her a peck on the cheek before bolting away from the sweet yet strange girl and her anti-Wrackspurt treatments. It wasn't until he was halfway to the Gryffindor common room at he realized what he had done and blushed redder than a tomato. When he returned to the common room he saw Hermione waiting for him, reading a book and looking rather tired. "Harry, what took you so long? I was worried sick something had happened. Why are you blushing?" "I… Uh was just helping Luna to her the Ravenclaw tower. Her leg is mostly healed, but it will take a few days before she can properly walk on it," Harry really tried not to smile as he said this but Hermione wasn't fooled. Hermione smirked knowingly at Harry, and what she said next left him gaping like a guppy. "So I guess the only question now is, how do you dance in front of everyone at the Yule Ball with a lady who has a broken leg?" Meanwhile... Filius stormed out of the Ravenclaw common room, he had just finished punishing some members of his own house for harassing another member and breaking her leg before locking her in a cupboard. Of course, said Ravenclaw should have arrived by now, even with the damaged limb. It did not take long to find her. She was standing right outside the Ravenclaw door. She was swaying on the spot with a goofy smile on her face. She hummed as her eyes spun around in circles. Filius looked to the door knocker which spoke, sounding sleepy. "She has been standing here for over thirty minutes, she hasn't even tried answering my riddles." "I like dears," Luna sang to herself. "Sure you do," Filius muttered under his breath before speaking out loud. "I mean of course you do. Let's get you into your dormitory and I'll get you a...bugger what are they called...Snorkel?" "I like Harry." "...Right...I'll make sure it's a hairy Snorkel." Filius continued speaking to her in an exaggerated tone while helping Luna into the dormitory. "Miss Lovegood, why did you ignore the Door's riddle? Miss Lovegood? Luna? Are you listening to me? I bet I could call you a Loony and you would even notice! Hey Loony what's up!?" "I like kisses." "...I'm going to bed." My priority is The Curious Case of Luna Lovegood . Hopping mad will only be three chapters. Please Favorite Follow and Review Nargles Out!