brain going to explode? His whole head? He wanted to stay with Albus… he wanted to stay awake… his thoughts were melting, distorted… They heard voices outside. It wasn't the Order's. - He can't be far away from here , said a male voice. He can't be gone and if the potion's working, we should hear him. That's what the Dark Lord said. - He must have hidden somewhere. Keep looking, answered another. They heard footsteps very near from the place they were hiding in. Hermione hold her breath – Minerva and Albus rose their wands, Albus holding Severus more tightly than ever. The noise of footsteps slowly died away, but they were still near and others were coming. Harry, hand on his wand, remained silent, ready to fight, as were his two friends. A deep silence had settled down, only broken by a weak moan. Severus, having nothing to focus on, was losing his fight; and Albus watched in horror as he whimpered in pain, obviously trying not to make any noise – but failing. There was something wrong with his breath; he made a violent movement to recover himself, looking for oxygen; and vomited blood. Minerva put a hand on her mouth to stop herself from screaming. Quickly, she helped Albus to sit him up to be sure he wouldn't suffocate – the wounded man looked up. - You have broken ribs, Severus, said Minerva, Merlin, one of them must have pierced your lung… And the Order isn't there… The Potion Master gave her a weak smile. - I'm… used to this, don't worry… Minerva shook her head. - You stubborn man! I shouldn't worry? There's only you to tell me such a thing in your condition. Severus briefly closed his eyes and reopened them. - Don't you have… any… other… question? Albus and Minerva looked at each other. - Hum… said the headmaster, will you come for a picnic with Minerva and I on Sunday afternoon, near the forest? -…What? - Will you? - Where does this… idea… come from? He turned his head, in a vain tentative to find a better way to breath. - From my head, Albus answered, right now. And if you're not well on Sunday, we'll do it another day… he looked at Severus, and saw how unwell he was – or we could have a picnic in your chamber, in the infirmary, he said, changing his mind. Or… have two picnics. Minerva nodded, encouraging him to go on. Severus had to keep listening, to stay awake. Albus understood. - So, Severus? What do you think about it? Would you like it? I'm sure you would. I mean – not right now – but when you'll have this picnic, you will like it. We could even eat your favorite cake, and you could discuss with Minerva of how superior is house Slytherin. Severus smiled weakly. - You're being sarcastic, he answered simply. - Does this mean 'yes'? -…Perhaps? Albus laugh. - It means 'yes', he said. - Really? - I've decided so. - What an… easy way to move apart all problems in life. Albus nodded while wiping the blood under his mouth. He put his arm around the younger man's waist and sat him up, facilitating his breath. Suddenly, they heard noises from the outside; the trio, who had been silent until then, all looked at each other. Who was it? The Order? Or… death-eaters? Rapidly, they had their answer: it was both of them. The noise of a fight was audible from a short distance, and certainly death-eaters wouldn't have a fight among themselves. Well, in fact… - They are here, said the professor McGonagall, relived. - We mustn't go outside until we are sure we're safe, replied the headmaster, who looked like he was rocking his young teacher, nearly asleep in his arms. The professor had closed his eyes once more. - Severus, whispered Albus, stay with us. You won't have to wait for long… it's been nearly two hours and the Order is coming. It wasn't enough to keep the man awake, who didn't give any sign which could prove he was still with them. They suddenly heard Moody's voice calling for them and Hermione closed her eyes, relieved. It was over. But Severus began to shiver… Harry and Ron got out to show the way to the Order member, who seemed to have difficulties in finding them – a fact which wasn't surprising due to the spell casted by the professor McGonagall. They came back. - They saw there we were, professor, said Harry to the headmaster who didn't hear him, too busy trying to keep the Potion Master awake. They were failing… Minerva took a deep breath and shook him. He barely opened his eyes, but it changed when he heard her finale question: - Would you like to marry me? - What? Severus opened his eyes, completely awake now, and looked up. Had she lost her mind? Albus and Minerva laughed. They couldn't help it: Severus' face was hilarious. The grumpy Potion Master groaned. - You have to confess, Severus, this was the perfect question to keep you awake, Albus said, who was nearly wiping tears of laugh under his eyes. The Potion Master rolled his eyes. - It was indeed, he finally replied as Moody came in. And they all laughed. What a finale question! Hope you liked it! I had this idea in mind since a few days, and had to write it down. English came first but I think I'll translate it in French too. So please, as I've already said, my first language isn't – unfortunately – Shakespeare's, so there has to be a lot of mistakes in this text. You'd be kind if you could tell me where they are ;-) PS: There is a little reference to one of the fanfiction I've translated here: The Best Gift (about gloves and Bowtruckles). Read it if you haven't on BellatriaMusica's profil!