say anything about it. "How old are you?" He asked. "I'll be starting Hogwarts in two years." "Three for me." Harry admitted, shyly. "My older brother James is starting this year, we're shopping for him now." "Oh, my brother begins this year as well." He said. "Mother and Father are getting me a tutor this year, so I can be up to snuff when I attend for my first year." "Oh, my parents don't really do stuff like that. I mean, they buy me books whenever I ask, and they taught me to read and write, along with basic arithmetic, but nothing much more than that." "A pity." Regulus said softly. "I can see you have a bright mind in there, I'm sure you will thrive at Hogwarts. I wouldn't be surprised if you found yourself in Slytherin or Ravenclaw." "Slytherin, not so much." Harry said softly. "I think my brother might actually murder me if I got sorted there. Maybe my father as well." He thought for a moment. "I'm sure my mother would still try to love me." He reasoned with himself. The boy's eyes widened. "Would they truly?" He asked. "Well, maybe not literally, but my brother might make my life hell, and my father would never speak to me again. They hate Slytherins. I don't really know why, it's just that they do." He shrugged. "Well, should you find yourself among the snakes, know that you will always have a home there." He said with a gentle smile, that seemed so unlike any of the ones before, devoid of the cold that still reached his eyes. "What about you? Where will you go?" Harry asked. "Wherever my brother isn't." The boy was called away by his mother soon after, but asked Harry to write to him. Harry promised that he would. September 1st, 1971 10:45 AM Sunday They stood around the busy platform, and Harry gave his brother a quick hug goodbye while he was speaking with their parents, promising to write home, to do well in school, not to get into too much trouble. That last one was a lie, and all four of them knew it. James was surprised at first, but hugged his brother close to him, and made him promise not to miss him too much. "I won't miss you at all." Harry told James. "Bet you will." James shot back with a cocky smirk. "Not a chance, Jams." Harry crossed his arms over his chest, and the two brothers smiled to one another, as James boarded the train. When the train was leaving, Harry spotted his brother in the window, and waved goodbye along with his family. Harry saw Regulus in the crowd, and waved happily to his pen pal, who gave him a small nod back. The Potter's returned home, and it felt strangely empty without James there. Harry stole a blanket off of James bed that night, and his parents pretended not to notice. To Regulus Arcturus Black September 3rd, 1971 Tuesday Dear Regulus, It's been stranger here, without my brother to cause me trouble. I don't have to sleep with one eye open any longer, waiting for him to play some joke on me. But the house somehow feels empty without him. I notice that father is at work, and mother is with her friends, when before I had never even seemed to care. If that makes any sense at all. Is it like that for you as well? I'm sorry I didn't go speak to you at the train station, but you seemed to be with your family, and I didn't want to interrupt. I wanted to tell you, I've finally finished "Potions and Theory" last night. The author wrote a sequel, did you know that? I'm going to find it at Diogon Alley this week, mother said she would take me on Friday. If you want, you can come with us, and maybe we can have lunch or something? How goes the tutoring? I assume that you're doing perfectly fine. Probably smarter than your tutor already? I hope that everything is well Your friend, Harry Potter To Harry Potter September 4th, 1971 Wednesday Potter, While it may also be strange for me, not to have my brother thundering around the house like a hippogriff, it is also a relief. I understand what you're saying, however. While my brother might be a huge pain in the neck, I still am fond of him from time to time, and I'm sure that James is the same. However, my brother isn't very fond of me. I would be glad to accompany you and your mother to Diagon on Friday. I will meet you at the Leaky Cauldron at ten o'clock in the morning. My cousin Narcissa will also be accompanying us, but she will leave us to go off to do her own thing. Speaking for Narcissa, she is engaged, can you believe it? She's only 12 years old. Her husband to be is Lucius Malfoy. I have met Lucius on several occasions, and he's very sirius for someone who just turned 13. But I must admit that I admire him. He's very intelligent. He will be in his 7th year, when you attend for your first year, but I will introduce you. He's your third cousin on your father's side once removed. Narcissa as well is your aunt Dora's grandniece, and your cousin Levi is her second cousin. Narcissa is my cousin, but you and I are only related by marriage. My tutor is a slave driver. I have recieved my wand already, and he is beginning to teach me defensive magic. I am extending to you an early invitation for you and your family on October 31st, this year for my family's annual Halloween party. Inclosed in the envelope, you will find it. Please join us, I wish to have a friend there with me. Hope to hear from you soon Your friend, always Regulus Arcturus Black