was slightly scared by her sister. Amy turned to her twin and grinned' "Sometimes you just gotta learn how to deal with former Dark Lords." Tom stepped back from the forefront of Amy's mind and was both a little shocked and surprised. She had taken control so quickly and efficiently. She had turned her magic inward and pushed him back to his little corner. Both newly made girls seamed to learn quick. Something his Harry never seemed to do. Just maybe the three of them could pull this off. He had expected to simply come back, talk to Harry, Destroy his counter parts Horcuxes, and help Harry finish off his doppelganger. His plans had shatter the second he woke up in that mindscape of Haley's. He really didn't want to have to possess the little girl permanently. He had no desire to be a teenager again much less a girl. Not after almost 1100 years of life as one of the most powerful wizards of all time. He wasn't counting his years as a horcrux. Now he dared to hope and plan again and a new body shouldn't be too much of a price to pay for his help. He extended his presence again, not enough to take control or alert Amy, just enough to be able to see out of her eyes. It was like watching a first person movie, a very boring movie of a girl walking and talking to her sister about trivial things. Haley was again both surprised and comforted by dueling sets of memory filters. How one set could want her to pull away from this girl and the other had complete and total faith they would never not be by each other's side. The walk back to their house helped solidify her new perceptions and the harry perception faded a little. Even if the memories where still there. The twined raven haired almost teens passed along the edge of a park near their house and saw Dudley and his gang destroying some piece of property. They knew as long as long as they got back before he did that was once less thing to be yelled at for. Not that they wouldn't get yelled at any way. After a pleasant walk discussing nothing of real importance, just friends and school work and such. The two girls arrived back at the house they were supposed to call home but had never managed to be able too. They walked in the door and barely managed to close it before they heard a loud' "GIRLS!" Both girls looked at each other and gave twined almost silent sighs. As calmly as they could they walked in to the living room where their uncle Vernon was sitting on the couch. Both sets of emerald eyes flicked to the full brandy glass and gave an internal sigh, they had made it before he got too far into his drink. "Where have you been?" he demanded. "Out walking." They chorused. They had learned if only one of them answered, Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia would assume the other one was trying to hide something. They would both then attack them with harsh questions. So they had learned to speak in stereo. Personally they hated it but found it slightly endearing from the Weasley twins. Halley Stumbled a little due to her Harry memories and the thoughts of utter isolation. However, she could also feel Amy sending feelings along their twin bond to help her. "We saw Dudley and his friends in the park." Comments about Dudley being a good boy also distracted the two relatives. "Your chores…" Vernon drawled out darkly. "Done Uncle Vernon." The two girls stated as calmly as they could. "Mow?" "First thing this morning." "Weed the garden?" "After mowing." "Wash the windows?" "After the weeds." "Kitchen?" "After our outside chores." "Living room?" "An hour ago." Vernon grunted and the girls knew that was the best they would get as well as a dismissal. They scampered upstairs to there room. The girls closed the door to their room and gave a sigh of relief. After last summer they were sure that Vernon would try and lock them up again. Apperently he had come to the conclusin that it was futil and didnt want any more random owls. So as long as the girls did their exhastive list of chores they where left alone. Dudley could still manage to get them in trouble when his gang forced him to over come his fear of them. Oh well, six weeks more and they would be back at Hogwarts. Amy's eyes suddenly locked on her sisters, "Haley, he didnt know., or maybe he didnt care." Haley could only nod and begin to wonder. Would they meet any one who remebered Harry? She said as much to her sister and was jst about to ask when a slightly muffled voice touched each of their minds. It was going to take some getting used to having Tom in their heads. "i doubt we ill have amany problems unless we tell people. I would immagine most mentally stable indivuals will have been altered to only see the Girls-who-lived ." Toms stated with an amusd chuckle lacing his mental voice. "That was strange." Amy groaned. She shook her head and stared at there bed. " probabaly should turn in get started on our chores early and try and finish up some homework. Hally looked between her sister and the bed. Her harry perception was used to having that bed all to him self. Her new perception could not imagine it any other way that being crammed in close with her sister. Tom watched threw Amy's eyes and felt along the bond to Haley. He was rapidly getting used to his new existance, bt he didnt think he could stand to watch these girls live in a situation even worse than the orphanage he grew up in. He would have to come up with a plan.