her closer as he whispered, "I'm glad you came around. It's almost over, and I'll be able to strip you out of that jumper. I promise to make the bother worth your while." Pansy felt an anticipatory shiver race up her spine. "Actually, Ronald, I wanted to talk to you about that. I'm so sorry I was so horrible earlier. I know how your mum is about her holiday jumpers; I should have been expecting one, but I honestly forgot. However, I shouldn't have blown up at you like I did. Do you forgive me?" Ron squeezed her tighter and kissed her fiercely on the temple, "Of course I do, Pans," he assured her. "It would take a lot more than a little row over a jumper for me to find myself incapable of forgiving you." This was it; it was time to tell him. "Well, that's good," she started slowly, "Because I have a feeling you'll need to draw on that patient forgiveness a few more times over the next little bit." Ron quirked a brow and turned to face her head on. "What are you on about? Are you already planning to be a pain in my arse again so soon?" he joked. Pansy frowned at him and flicked his forehead with her finger. "Don't be a git! No, I'm not planning it on purpose, but I have a feeling it will happen whether I want it to or not. You know that happens when I'm hormonal," she hinted. She really wanted him to figure it out on his own. "That's right - your monthly starts soon, doesn't it? I'm sorry, babe." Pansy glared at him, "That's not what I'm referring to, Ronald. But you're closer than I expected you to be." He gave her a blank look, and she sighed heavily, neither of them realizing how quiet the room had gotten. "I'm pregnant , Ronald!" she blurted out when she couldn't wait any longer for him to connect the dots. Ron's mouth dropped open in shock even as his ears burned red, a prideful grin slowly slipping over his features. "I knew it," Molly crowed, "Now pay up, everyone!" Slowly every one of the men - other than Arthur, who had long ago learned not to doubt his wife when it came to matters of this sort - walked over the the matriarch and deposited two Galleons into her waiting hand, Ron finishing off the line, shooting Pansy a sheepish look as he did so. Even Angelina and Hermione placed money in Molly's hand; Hermione shrugging and explaining in a whisper, "We thought it might have been the jumper." Pansy was gobsmacked, "Wait, how did you know, Molly?! I didn't even know until just this afternoon!" Molly gave a mischievous smile - which left Pansy in no doubt as to where the twins had gotten their trouble-making streak from - and said, "A mother always knows." Fleur and Ginny both shared a good-hearted laugh over this. Being mothers themselves, they knew this to be true first-hand. Pansy chuckled nervously, still blinking away the haze of astonishment from her gaze. "A toast!" Arthur called, proudly thumping his youngest son on the back as he summoned a bottle of elf-made wine and some glasses from the kitchen. Everyone stood and formed a circle, taking a glass - Pansy tried to refuse but the glass was rather insistent, tapping against her hand until she took it - and holding them aloft as Arthur said, "To Pansy, Ron, and another new Weasley!" "Another new Weasley!" they chorused before everyone knocked their drinks back. It took a bit of encouragement - Molly assuring her that the one glass of wine wouldn't hurt the baby - and Pansy followed suit. She felt the warmth from the drink spreading down her throat and into her chest as everyone came up to pull her and Ron into hugs, gifting them with bits of advice and more well-wishes. She tried in vain to catalogue each thing she was told, but quickly gave it up as hopeless and just began nodding her head and smiling. Soon enough, little James was crying, and Harry and Ginny decided it was time for them to make their way home. Goodbyes were said, and the family began branching off, this beginning the annual Weasley Christmas exodus - as Harry and Hermione jokingly called it. Ron took up Pansy's hand and walked her to the Floo, letting her through before following after. Pansy collapsed onto the sofa and began peeling off her boots and socks as the Floo rushed and Ron stepped out into their living room. "Getting started without me," he queried, "I thought it was my job to take your clothes off?" She smiled deviously up at him, "You're more than welcome to pick up where I left off. Starting with this thing." She made an encompassing motion at the jumper, which turned out not to have been as itchy as she imagined. It was actually quite soft, and very warm... Ron shook his head slowly as he took in his wife's form. She was going to be glorious pregnant; he couldn't wait. "Nah, I think I'm going to leave it. You've never been fucked in a Christmas jumper, have you?" Pansy's mouth dropped open, "What would your mum say?" she gasped, eyes wide with the scandal of it all. Ron gave her a crooked grin as he moved towards her, "She isn't going to find out. Besides, it's a better fate for that thing than it deserves. Certainly better than you had planned." Pansy laughed as her husband threw her over his shoulder and carried her to their bedroom. "Well, we still might have to burn it after we're done…" "Are you kidding me? I'm going to keep it as a memento of today. Maybe I'll make a shrine…" Pansy couldn't stop giggling at her husband's antics. This had turned out to be a truly excellent Christmas after all.