discomfort was nothing compared to how lonely and invisible he felt while locked away out of sight. It felt like he was no more real than a ghost, like he could just stop existing and no one would even notice, not even him. Sometimes that feeling haunted him even when he was not in the cupboard. When Dudley formed a sort-of gang with some other boys from around the block, Harry found a sure-fire way of making that feeling disappear. If Harry made his cousin mad, then he and his gang would initiate what they called "Harry Hunting". They would tell Harry to run and then chase him. When they caught Harry, they would beat him up. A beating from the boys made him feel so much more alive than a lashing or facing the Spoon did, despite usually ending up hurting more and for longer. The Letters changed things. Harry was as certain of that as he was that the Rules had to be obeyed. His first inkling that things were different was when Vernon visited his cupboard the night the first one arrived. Harry wouldn't have even noticed the letter's arrival except for the fact that he had been the one to fetch that day's mail when Dudley had refused. Apparently, his aunt and uncle were concerned because the letter had a very specific address listed for Harry. So for safety, Harry would be staying in Dudley's second bedroom for the foreseeable future. The generous space unnerved Harry who was far more used to his cozy cupboard, even if Uncle Vernon was right in saying that Harry was getting too big for it now that his head could touch the sloped ceiling whenever he stood completely straight. There was just too much space and the bed was far softer than the thin cot mattress he had slept on in his cupboard. It was also brightly lit by the streetlamps shining through the curtainless window. The light made the ash tree in the garden cast strange shadows on the walls. More than anything, Harry wished to be back in his safe hideaway under the stairs, letter-writing stalkers and all. The Letters did not stop with that first one, even without a reply. They just kept coming, in greater number and in stranger ways each day. Harry was quickly becoming just as unnerved as his aunt and uncle. He was used to strange things happening around him, but all those times had been something that happened quickly and was immediately over like his teacher's wig turning blue or popping onto the roof instead of jumping behind the dumpster like he had planned when running from Dudley's gang. Harry knew that like those things being his fault, no matter conscious intent, the Letters must be as well. They were all incidents without good explanations. Incidents were always infractions which meant that eventually, Harry would be punished. The worse the infraction, the worse the punishment would be, and with every day the Letters coming in stranger ways, Harry knew that his punishment was just getting worse. But they showed no sign of stopping and Harry couldn't figure out how to make them stop. When Uncle Vernon decided to attempt to outrun the Letters, Harry bore it stoically. While Dudley lamented missing meals and his shows, Harry fretted about falling behind in his chores. He knew that the longer the garden was left unattended, the longer it would take to bring it back to pristine perfection, and the longer that took, the longer it would be before he could have his full share of meals. The garden was just one of his chores—just because there was no one in the house, it did not mean that the dust wouldn't matter. Oh! And Sunday was bathroom day, and Uncle Vernon hadn't given Harry time to do that chore before piling everyone into the car. Come to think of it, breakfast hadn't been cleared even. What state would the house be in when Harry finally got to do his chores? Uncle Vernon would take into consideration that he had been the one to cause Harry to not be able to get things done, right? Harry certainly hoped so, but felt that it was very unlikely. After all, they wouldn't be on this random car trip if the Letters addressed to Harry hadn't started coming. It was almost a relief when the gamekeeper interrupted their sleep the night they arrived at the Hut on the Rock. While Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had retreated to the only bedroom and Dudley had curled up on the saggy couch, Harry had set about cleaning the main room as well as he was able without the tools and supplies he had at home. He couldn't make this little place presentable, but maybe he could earn a bit of leniency if he could make the place a bit more hospitable. While working, Harry found a small wood stack tucked into what might have been a pantry once. He was gathering the split logs when the banging at the door started. Listening to Hagrid was hard. It was not just because of the ongoing tension between the giant-like man and Uncle Vernon, either. The man had a weird way of swallowing parts of his words and speaking in only phrases. There was a lot that Harry didn't understand, but he knew the Rules. The most consistent rule was to not ask questions . Harry couldn't afford to disobey that rule, not with the Letters Incident quickly spiraling into something far worse than a mere Incident. When Hagrid insisted Harry leave with him the next morning, Harry could only cast a worried glance at the closed bedroom door which hid the Dursleys from view. This was a bad situation and it was quickly becoming worse . It always did when the Rules shifted and Harry was left on his own. -= LP =- To Be Continued in Part 02 -= LP =-