Sirius proclaimed. What followed over the next thirty minutes was Sirius, Remus, and James all performing the ritual and choosing to put their own "imprint" into the Marauder's Map. When all four Marauders managed the ritual, they went over to the map to see if anything had changed. James pressed his wand to the map and said, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." Amazingly, instead of going directly to the map as they had designed it, the map welcomed them as fellow pranksters, and displayed a rather impressive opening message from 'Mssrs Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs'. "A job well done, lads. So who's going to have the map taken away by Filch?" James asked. "I'll do it. I want to kick that cat of his once more for good measure," Sirius said with a tired smile. "Thanks, Padfoot. Well, I'm going to bed. Night," James said as he took two steps and collapsed on a couch. "We'll wait in here for you to get back," Remus called out to Sirius who waved his hand lazily in acknowledgement. "You know, those couches do look comfortable," Peter said as he laid down on one of the two remaining available couches. "Yeah, and Sirius will probably get chewed out by McGonagall for wandering around. I think I'll just rest my eyes for a minute till he gets back," Remus said tiredly, falling asleep as soon as his head hit one of the couches' pillows. What none of the three now passed-out Marauders noticed before they fell asleep was that the other occupant of the Head Suit had been woken up by the rather loud chanting and magical bursts coming from the common room. She had intended to come downstairs to tell off the four drunk Marauders, but stopped to watch the obviously powerful ritual magic the boys were performing. From their rather loud, slurred conversations with one another, Lily gleamed that Peter was apparently a sex-slave, which oddly made a lot of things about the boy suddenly make sense, and that he found some ritual that would allow them to imprint a version of their actual personality onto their map of the castle. Lily couldn't help but feel a little intrigued by the magic that they were doing, so once she was certain the three boys were passed out, she snuck into the common room and nicked the piece of paper, describing the spell. She had never heard of a Horcrux before, but if the Marauders could do the spell while drunk, it couldn't be that difficult magic. It was a very subdued James Potter that attended the Hogwarts Graduation Ceremony for the class of 1978. His dear, sweet Lily had held out on her promise of not providing a hangover cure, so he had to sit and listen to Dumbledore, McGonagall, Flitwick, Sprout, and Slughorn with a massive headache, which only grew worse as the graduation ceremony grew longer. While last night had certainly been fun - or at least he hoped it had been fun, as he couldn't remember - waking up this morning was not. Lily had woken Peter, Remus, and himself up in the same manner: by hitting them all with a rather powerful, and incredibly cold, aguamenti charm. After everyone was up, Lily promptly informed them that they had one hour to get showered, dressed, and make it to the Quidditch Pitch before walking out of the Head Suit in her best dress robes. After a very rushed shower, a few emergency hygiene charms, and a dead sprint to the Quidditch Pitch, the three Marauders made it just in time. When they ran into Sirius, they demanded to know where he was and why he let Lily hit them with a blast of water from the arctic to wake them up. Sirius, it turned out, hadn't been any luckier than his fellow Marauders. He had been found by Professor McGonagall and Filch passed out on a bench on the second floor. What was worse, it turned out that Filch had confiscated the Marauder's Map! Luckily, Sirius had the sense to wipe it clean before passing out, but still, losing the Map on the last day of school was a tough blow to take for the already down Marauders. McGonagall had apparently decided that since she couldn't give Sirius any detentions, seeing as he was graduating today, she would punish him by not providing a hangover cure and telling Charles Potter about his second son's behavior. Now that wasn't a conversation Sirius or James were particularly looking forward to having. After the speeches had mercifully ended, Lily had come over and proudly introduced James to her parents and sister. It took every ounce of strength James had to not vomit on the horse faced girl that he was certain could not be related to his Lily. After several minutes talking with the Evans, his father wandered over and introduced himself to the two muggles, while his mother slipped him a vial of hangover-relief potion, with a look that promised he would be hearing from her as soon as they got back to the manor. "So, was last night worth suffering all throughout the graduation ceremony?" Lily asked, shortly after he had taken the Potion. "No," James deadpanned. "Can't remember, can you," Lily said knowingly. "No," James admitted. "Did you learn your lesson?" Lily asked seriously. "Yes," James responded, for a moment feeling like he was talking to his mum. "Good boy. Welcome to being a grown-up, James Potter. Are you sure you can handle it?" Lily asked teasingly. "I'll be alright," James said, fingering the engagement ring in his pocket. No, now wouldn't be the right time. You don't propose to a girl after being so hung over that you can't remember the night before. He would propose when the time was right. He'd have flowers, candles, and a romantic diner. Yes, she'd like that. Lily was right, it was time to grow up.