overwhelmed him; smelling too many things at once always did. He also could hear some conversations which he tried to ignore. He loaded his trunk onto the heads' compartment. None of his friends were there yet, and he did not fancy sitting in an empty compartment for the rest of the train ride, so he had decided to sit in the heads' compartment. Whoever the head girl might be, it was better than sitting alone. He had enough of being lonely at home. He had been very surprised when he had received the letter from Hogwarts bearing a head boy badge. He had not thought that out of all people, he would have been chosen for head boy. This proved that McGonagall gave people another chance, even for people like him. He respected her for her trust in people. His thoughts were interrupted when he heard a bang as the compartment door slid open. Granger was half carrying, half dragging her trunk inside. Of course, head girl would be bushy haired Granger. Although he would never admit it out loud, she was the smartest student in their year, and she had helped conquer the Dark Lord. She groaned as she stared at the luggage rack overhead, not noticing him. Almost out of impulse, he grabbed her trunk from her and set it firmly on the rack. It wasn't that heavy, compared to his. Perhaps all those hours he spent on his broom finally paid off. "What are you doing?" Granger's voice hissed at him. He was taken aback by her harsh tone, but he tried not to show it. In doing so, he lashed out, "Helping you out with your trunk, Granger. You seemed to be too weak to do it on your own." He bit his tongue in regret. Crap. He did not want to sit in a compartment alone, even if he had her as his companion. He forced himself to act civil towards bushy haired Granger. However, on closer inspection, he found out that Granger's hair wasn't bushy anymore; it was sleek and shiny, and hung down in curls. She must have finally found a way of taming her hair. Interesting. "Me? Weak? What are you doing here anyway?" Granger's outraged voice shook him back into the world. He fingered his badge on his chest, not saying a word. "Head Boy?" she let out a half strangled tone. He laughed and pushed her into a seat. Granger looked so funny right now; her hair sticking slightly to her face, her cheeks red with anger and bewilderment, her clothes askew. Her face showed her emotions, and she seemed to be shocked and disbelieving at the same time. "Sit down, Granger. Don't seem to be so awed by my presence." He was still chuckling at her expression. For some reason, laughing at her eased the heavy rock he had on his mind after he had that conversation with father. She looked so funny, although now she was looking at him in a rather strange way. He cocked his eyebrow towards her, and she looked away. She cleared her throat. "Malfoy, since we are heads, we have to order prefects to their stations and plan up a rough schedule for the year." He nodded. Trust Granger to start working as soon as she got on the train. Prefects began coming in, filling the compartment. They all looked at Malfoy in surprise. Some glared at him, and one prefect from Hufflepuff said, "What is he doing here?" with a violent jab of her chin. To his surprise, it was Granger who answered. "He is the head boy. Now, if you don't want any house points docked from your house even before you start the school year, I suggest you to stay quiet." The girl shut her mouth, turning red. He looked at Granger, but she was pointedly looking away from him. All through the meeting, Granger arranged schedules and explained prefect duties, all without a break in her speech. He added in time to time, and by the meeting ended, nobody was glaring at him, just a few staring at him curiously. If prefects looked at him with hate, how would the student body act towards him? He sighed. HERMIONE She dismissed the prefects, and then stood up to leave for herself. She did not want to stay in the compartment with him for the rest of the train ride. She had originally planned on staying in the heads compartment, not wanting to hear Ginny and her friends talking about new hairstyles and makeup, but then she did not expect Malfoy as head boy. She did not know why she had defended Malfoy before the meeting. He had hurt her, more than she could count. She did not know how she could work with him throughout the year. Having to endure another year of taunting would be a nightmare. She reached for the compartment door handle when she felt a hand grab her upper arm. "Granger, don't leave." she tripped and almost fell down in shock. Was Malfoy asking her to stay? Another hand grabbed her to steady her. Without turning around, she said, "Why shouldn't I?" he sighed, his breath tickling her neck. "Thank you for defending me to the Hufflepuff prefect," he said. She turned around in surprise, but she tried not to show it. She had never heard Malfoy thanking anybody before. She shook his hands off and went back a step before saying in a cold tone, "Why are you thanking me, Malfoy? I thought Malfoys did not thank anybody, especially mudbloods like me," but the hurt inside her sentence showed. She internally groaned. She did not want to seem weak in front of him. He took a step forward, and her back met the compartment door. His hand shot out, trapping her between him and the door. He looked at her eyes firmly, his silver grey ones meeting her chocolate brown. "I decided to change, Granger."