herself. She kept her head down and surrounded by her curtain of tangled hair, and the only telltale sign that she was crying was from the teardrops falling on her knees. She began shivering, and he knew it wasn't just from the cold. "Um…miss?" He hated how difficult she was making this for him. "Can you get up? If not I can try to carry…" He trailed off as it was obvious the girl wasn't paying him any attention. Draco sighed. How he wanted to give up and leave the girl to her own devices. He was about to get up, but his conscience got the better of him. No matter what his previous misdeeds were, he knew he'd never be able to live with himself if he left her alone. "Okay…I'm going to find some food for you. Just hold on." He stood up and immediately began rummaging through the dumpster. He hated himself for not going into the Leaky Cauldron to buy her something fresh, but he knew that if he did, she'd bolt the moment he was out of sight. When his fingers found the first thing that felt like food, he pulled it out and discovered a half eaten apple clutched in his hand. He went back to his previous position right outside the dumpster to find that the girl had not moved. He held the apple out to her, hoping that she'd be able to smell it. Though far from appetizing, he was banking on her being hungry enough to want it anyway. "Look what I've got for you. A nice, half-eaten apple. You can have it, but only if you come out." Finally the girl lifted her head a fraction of an inch. Just enough for Draco to see a strikingly familiar pair of dark eyes latch on to the apple in his hand. "That's it. Just come out of there and you can have it." He hated talking down to her like this, but he didn't know what else to do. Short of just reaching in, grabbing her and pulling her out, he didn't know how else to get her to come with him. "I promise I won't hurt you. All I want is to help. I promise." He didn't know why the girl decided to trust him. Maybe she didn't really. Maybe her hunger and desperate were enough to make her go against her survival instincts. Whatever her motivations were, he silently thanked whatever diety still looked over them for her deciding to come out on her own. Slowly, hesitantly, she crawled out from behind the dumpster, and as soon as she had done so, she grabbed the disgusting apple from his hands and began chewing. And that was when he saw it. A red 'M' marked on her left forearm. The mark of a Mudblood slave. His heart skipped a beat at the sight of it. Unfortunately she noticed where his eyes had traveled, and she immediately dropped the apple and made to go back to her former hideout. Draco was too quick for her. He latched on to her arm, which he noticed too late was her left, and she immediately began to struggle in his vice-like grip. "No. I promise I won't hurt you!" He exclaimed as he tried in vain to get her to settle down. But the girl did the opposite. She opened her mouth and let out the most desperate, terrified scream he'd ever heard anyone make. She screamed for one second, which was one second too long for his liking. He clamped a hand over her mouth, ignoring the pain that greeted him moments later as a sign that she'd bitten him. "I'm going to take you home with me. I promise it's not what you think. I'm not going to hurt you or hand you over. I'm simply going to take you home and give you a safe place to sleep." Her continuing struggles were his only indication that she didn't believe him. Not that he'd expected her to. He sighed and whispered, "You're going to have to trust me." And with that, knowing he was taking a very big gamble with his life for a mere Mudblood slave, he Disapparated back to his home with the girl still struggling in his arms. Once they were in the living room of the moderate house he called home, he quickly deposited the girl on his sofa. She'd stopped struggling, and once she realized that she was out of his arms, she curled herself back up into the protective ball in which he'd found her and began whimpering. "No. No, please. I can't go back. I c-can't," she sobbed into her knees. She rocked back and forth, and Draco could only watch, hating how helpless he felt. He continued to stare at her, knowing he was being rude, but unable to take his eyes off her. She evoked a sense of familiarity in him that he hadn't felt in ten years. Why did she seem so familiar to him? He knew he hadn't come across this slave before. As he visited other Death Eater homes, crossing paths with a slave was inevitable. Though he'd never be able to recognize one from the other as he'd paid very little attention to them in his career, he couldn't help but think that he would have remembered this one if he'd seen her before. And yet he knew he'd crossed paths with her before. But where..? And then it hit him like a ton of bricks to the head. He took a step back from the suddenness of it, but he knew he was not wrong as he continued to stare upon her curled up form. It couldn't be. It just couldn't be. And yet he knew it to be true. How could he have missed it before? This wasn't just any Mudblood that he'd taken into his home. This girl, this woman, this Mudblood slave, was Hermione Granger.