me get these things then you will be forgiven." The goblin pauses as he sees what he means and nods to him. The goblin bows his head to Harold out of respect and admiration. "I am grateful; however, if such is done I feel that my debt would not be fulfilled. Is there anything else that I may do to aid you, anything at all?" Harold frowns before it clicks in his mind. Humming thoughtfully at the idea of such an offer he ponders about what he would need. Snapping his fingers he sits down in his chair that was in front of the desk. Clasping his hands together he looks at the goblin pointedly as he begins explaining his idea to him. "I am aware that there are several hundred house elves that are being mistreated. I am and have always been considerate of these minorities. If you can draw up several plans to help these beings in a program I would be thankful. If any other goblin assists you with the preparations for these plans then they will be paid. For now I want a 'fostering' program where elves can be cared for by the everyday people. Do you have any ideas so far?" The goblin hums thoughtfully as he pulls a few sheets of parchment out of his spare drawer. Quickly titling the page he ponders it silently. "First of all, there is a possibility that you own a house elf farm that breeds these little things. Secondly, if we had fosters then we would have to have them sign a contract with a blood quill to ensure proper treatment of the elves. Besides that there is an assortment of items that they can craft such as potions or other things for enchantments. And they can gather and breed plants used in herbology and potions. And they can raise certain magical creatures that can have parts harvested for potions ingredients. Do you think this is wise?" Harold curtly nods to him as he clears his throat getting the goblin's attention. "If you do not mind I would appreciate it if we could take care of business first. Such as an inheritance test, a conquest test, and an abilities test. There are others that I might like such as a Merlin Scale Test and a Linage test to trace my ancestry." The goblin nods to him curtly with understanding in his eyes. Placing the sheet of parchment to the side he pulls out the five tests. Pulling out a goblin ritual blade the goblin Harold recognizes as Lurnott pushes the six items over to him. Cutting deeply into his palm Harold ignores the pain. Then he dribbles blood onto each of the five testing scrolls. His hand heals automatically due to the ritual blade's magic. Once the first one is complete Harold uncoils it to find his Merlin Scale Test. Merlin Scale Name: Harold Jason Potter Rank: Sorcerer (Mage 1st Rank) Merlin Scale (BMM): 9148 Merlin Scale (AMM): est. 30,198 Harold pushes that test to Lurnott for record keeping. Pulling the second to complete parchment over to him he sees that it is the abilities test. Harold Jason Potter ' s Abilities Test: Affinities: Wind Earth Water Crystal Ice Inherited Abilities: Wandless Aptitude Soundless Aptitude Magus Sight Nature Manipulation Accelerated Healing Runes Adept Arithmancy Adept Extremely Large Reserves/Magic core Extreme Longevity Potent Magic Unnamed yet Potent bonding ability Classification: Sage Sensor Archmagus Supreme Harold sighs at the ability test as nothing he didn't expect appeared upon the file. Handing it back to the goblin he pulls out his next test to find that there is way too many lineages to his name. He looks it over and shows it to the goblin, Lurnott he believed the old one is called. "I want all of the things in these vaults combined into a new vault. If possible combine the money into one vault, the books into another, the potions related into yet another and weaponry into one of the last. Besides that I want the things pertaining to family history, such a journals from ancestors, to be gathered into a trunk and brought to me. I believe that in the Potter vault there is also a very special trunk that has a mind reading button on the side. I want it brought to me along with any others having the same ability to read minds and gather the things thought of. Besides that I want the Instant Seamstress brought out of the Gryffindor Vault and placed inside of the trunk as a matchbox. Understand?" Lurnott nods as he makes notice of the order. Since the vault will be more than just the vaults that cannot be combined they should be able to combine under a new name. "I see. However, to combine some of them you should change the family name you and Heir Potter have. If you do that we will be able to combine all the vaults as there is no contract restricting such being merged under a new name. Maybe Patterson would be a fine name to merge them under. It would also disguise you from Dumbledore when he tries to control your life again. If you also agree to it we can use human transfiguration to change your looks and use a permanency potion to make it stick to make it even harder for him to find you and Heir Potter." Harold hums thoughtfully as he ponders it. After a few brief moments he shakes his head. "Thank you for the transfiguration consideration but I know that we will be able to handle ourselves if he does try to control us through any means. As for the family name being changed… I think it will do nicely. Set Evans as our primary family name please. Now if we can get down to business so that the main things are take care of." Lurnott nods deeply to him as they begin working on a few things.