his head up, no doubt reminiscing on his life. "But everything I did, I did for your mother, and you, Katerina." Katerina looked away. She hated that he had said so. She hated that she knew he wasn't lying, because that meant she was the root cause of this misery. "Don't come to the event, if you don't want to," he told her then. "I won't hold it against you. I know how these things make you feel." It was the first time he'd acknowledged that, and as such, she felt it was the first time he'd warranted an appropriate response. "Thank you...father." The future Empress wasted no more time, as she heard the roar of the crowd outside grow to fever pitch at the grand entrance of their conquering monarch. She went for the tent flap, brought out her book, and watched as her father took to the stage, looking as regal and composed as ever. The Emperor of the European Empire. Her father, Henry, born Harry Potter. "My friends…" she heard him start. "My friends, I thank you for your presence here tonight. It has been a long, and difficult road we have travelled, and we have lost many friends and comrades along the way. Tonight, we do this in their memory." She watched him raise a clenched fist. "Tonight, we mark the end of an era of constant, wasteful war. Of pointless factionalism and nationalism! Tonight, we bring an end to the last bastion of institutionalized racism and discrimination! Of a world that tore itself asunder by means of ignorance and hate!" "When we began this journey, how many scoffed at our ideals?" he asked, spreading his arms invitingly to the crowd. "When our country broke apart, how many said we would lose? In the ancient halls of Spain, how many said we could be swept aside? In the gilded streets and coffee shops of France, how many crowed victory over our cause?" "Now they rest silent, a monument to our resilience. To our destiny, as a nation. Be proud, my friends, for we have done the impossible. We have conquered EUROPE!" A roar of approval tore through the air, making Katerina look away. How many of them knew the human cost of that conquest? How many lives could've been saved by avoiding the path of most bloodshed? "What lies behind me is the last remaining monument to the old ways!" her father continued, either unabated or unaware of his daughter's discomfort. "When those with the gift of magic hid away in castles and behind wards. When bigotry and discrimination were rife in an entire society, hidden away, as though shamed by their gifts!" She watched the Emperor sweep out his hand towards the castle in the distance. "So I say, tear it down!" he roared. "I say, begone with it! Let the world watch as the old order collapses, and a new era begins now! An era of peace! of justice! of freedom!" Katerina watched as, slowly but surely, fires began taking form at the base of the castle. The Emperor's dictate was being carried through, much to her chagrin. She turned away, and began writing in her notebook once more. She now knew where to begin. She only hoped she could do the story justice. "Let it burn! And may its fires herald the beginning of our time!" The time of the Empire. Post-AN : To ensure maximum understanding of the political situation at the beginning of "Emperor," allow me to outline a few changes in human history that are relevant to the development of the geopolitical situation in this story. 1. After World War II, the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) was never formed in 1952 owing to the failure of Robert Schuman and his colleagues in convincing the French government to cooperate with the Germans. As a result, neither Luxembourg, Belgium, nor Holland attempted to form the covenant with West Germany in order to not piss off their French neighbours. 2. As a result of the failure of the ECSC to form, the European Communities were not formed either, and the Western, democratic world was kept in check primarily due to American pressure on its allies to behave. 3. In Spain, the government of Francisco Franco was toppled a good ten years before it did in real life, via the assassination of Franco and the rapid democratization of the state with the help of American and British armed forces. As a result of these foreign presences, a massive backlash in ultranationalism erupted throughout the state, though for the rest of the Cold War, these did not even attempt to get into power, merely bidding their time and spreading their propaganda. 4. Italy, having never been part of the ECSC, took a lot longer to recover from World War II, as did Germany. As a result, France is the dominant industrial and economic power at the fall of the Soviet Union, but neither Germany nor Italy possess good relations with France. 5. The loss of India in 1947 and the subsequent decolonization movements around the world left Britain vastly underpowered, and as a result of the failure of the European integration systems to form, it has bullheadedly pushed itself back onto its feet via a mix of planned capitalism and socialism (ala India's Five-Year Plans). Furthermore, with Europe still so harshly divided, it was rebuilt its military force such that when Argentina tried to invade the Falklands in the 1980s, it wasn't even necessary to send a fleet, as the standing garrison and fleet had been buffed up so much that the Argentine forces failed to overwhelm them. 6. As a result of British militarization, Northern Ireland is little more than a military state at this point, and the IRA have failed to hurt the British much in what today would be the remarkably effective "Irish Troubles." Hope the overview helps a bit. Look forward to the next chapter! As always, review! -MB