wrote his name against her lower lips. He wiggled his tongue around inside her and she eventually took control of the situation by moving to lay on her bed. The two men stood awkwardly beside it. "Who's first?" she asked, laying naked and willing before them. Blaise smirked at her and clapped Draco on the shoulder. "Enjoy her mate." he said, gesturing Draco forward. He removed his clothes and clambered onto the bed. He bent to kiss Hermione and she arched into his touch. Blaise conjured a chair for himself before sliding his pants to his ankles and sitting down. He took his cock out and began stroking it. Draco let his fingers meander down towards her folds and open them. She swallowed hard at the sensations he was eliciting. He moved the kisses lower, over her neck and her breasts passionately… slowly traveling lower. He came to rest at her mound and left a trail of small, quick kisses over the bald surface. She bucked her hips upward at the sensation and he laughed. She looked towards Blaise who smiled at her while stroking himself a tad faster. She smiled at him and then looked down at the man now licking her out. He slid his tongue between her delicate folds and then sucked on her clit hard. She bit her tongue around a moan as he slipped one finger inside her. He smiled at the slick wetness that surrounded his finger before adding a second. She moaned and grasped her bedsheets. When she was sufficiently wet enough he stroked his cock a few times. He placed his head against her core and enveloped it in her folds. His head fell back as he nearly came just from how wet and tight she was. She lifted her hips and fully sheathed him inside of her. She wrapped her arms about his neck and pulled him to her before whispering, "Keep up the good work Malfoy. Give Blaise a good show." she whispered as she sucked his earlobe and kissed her way down his neck. Draco began slowly rocking into her while sucking on her breasts. She thrust her hips into his own. As he sped up his pace they both became sweating, panting animals. Her cries of ecstasy filled the room and his grunts of intense pleasure resonated off her walls. Blaise's eyes were closed tight as he stroked himself to the sounds of his mate and his new lady pleasing each other. "Roll over." Hermione said. Draco looked up at her curiously. She took that as her cue and tucked and rolled him so she was on top, while keeping him deep inside her. He groaned and grasped for her hips. She smiled as she rolled her hips into his and he bit down on his lower lip. She smiled as she arched her chest, causing her breasts to rise, drawing both men's attention. Next she slowly started sliding up and down his erect cock, making him hiss in pleasure as he dug his fingertips into her hips. He sat up to lick and suck at her neck and nipples. She tossed her head back, making eye contact with Blaise, who was vigorously stroking himself while massaging his balls. "Gods Hermione you're so beautiful. I can't wait for my turn." he said as she licked her lips at him. She turned back to Draco then and dug her nails into his shoulders to really bounce. "I'm going to…." he started. Hermione leapt off his lap and began to suck and lick his cock, coaxing his essence out of him. He shot his load into her mouth with weak thrusts. As she swallowed the first load he administered a second. She licked her lips as she swallowed it. Draco sat back against her headboard, totally spent. She laughed as she watched Draco doze off against her headboard. She slid off her bed and walked to where Blaise sat. She rubbed her hands against her breasts and pulled on her nipples gently as she walked to him. "Blaise," she said, her voice dripping with sexual tones. "Yes my Queen." he answered, looking up at her as she stood in front of him. She smiled. "I think I'd like some more chocolate." she said, her eyes falling to rest on his still solid member. "Be my guest. Taste away." he said, gesturing with his arms open. She smiled and sucked on delicate finger into her mouth. She soaked it in her saliva and then dropped it to circle around her areola. Blaise followed the actions with laser focus. She dropped it down farther and rubbed it against her clit. Blaise licked his lips at the sight of her massaging her own clit. She quirked an eyebrow at him. "Fancy a taste of your own Mister Zabini?" she asked, putting her right foot flat in between his knees. His eyes instantly dropped to her still wet cunt. His mouth began to water. "Would you let me?" he asked, stroking his cock a few times absently. She tilted his chair back and cast a nonverbal immobulus so it would stay tilted backwards and hovered her pussy over his face. His tongue popped out of his mouth and licked one long, slow swipe from her entrance upwards before he pulled her down against his face. He buried his face in her wetness and shoved his tongue inside her. She fondled her own breasts as he went to town on her privates. He sucked her clit several times and she almost came completely undone. Four earth shattering oral orgasms later, Hermione and Blaise were cuddled naked on her sofa while Draco slept off his sex high in her bed. Blaise nuzzled into her neck and whispered, "Finally. All mine." as he pulled the emerald green throw around them. She nodded at his sentiment. "All mine." she repeated, hugging him to her. They fell asleep in each other's arms as Draco snored loudly in her bed.