"Say my name. My first name." he said as she ground her cunt into him. "Oh Draco, you feel amazing." she hissed as he thrust up into her. "That's it Granger…. Oh yesssss . I'm so close. Keep up the great work beautiful." he said in a tight voice as she rolled her hips into his hips. "Me too." she whined as she bit her lip and moved her hands to grasp his shoulders. Her red fingernails dug into his flesh as she bounced until she felt his cock twitch multiple times, feeling him fill her with his seed. She came down around him with his last dying thrust. His head fell forward onto her breast as she came down, while he went limp inside her. She grabbed his chin and forced his face up to kiss his lips. This time it was a gentle, chaste kiss, of feelings deeper than lust. With a flick of his wand every stitch of clothing she had walked in with was replaced. He then straightened out slightly to tuck himself back inside his pants and zip himself up. " Finite Incantatem ." Hermione said, wand brandished. The shopkeeper stood and stared at the pair. Hermione smiled and walked forward. She picked up her two books from the floor and set them on the counter. "Is this all for you Miss Granger?" the shopkeeper asked. Hermione nodded and forfeited the appropriate coins. She took the books off the counter, waved and turned towards the door. "Have a pleasant rest of your evening." she called over her shoulder. She began to walk towards her flat in Diagon Alley when she felt a presence behind her. "Fancy a drink Granger?" he asked, watching the way her hips swayed slightly. She turned to him and smirked. She shook her head. "No thanks. I'm going home and going to bed. Before you come up with another idea to get us caught, or worse…" she trailed off, giggling to herself. "Can I Slytherin?" he asked, standing closer to her in the blustering wind. "You had better unless you want to sleep on the couch." she muttered. He smirked. "Or maybe I could just bend you over the back of it." he responded, catching the toothy smile from his favorite witch. Her eyes sparkled with mischief. "Maybe. You know my parents do have Scorpius until tomorrow evening." she continued as her her smile widened and she winked naughtily. "Oh then I will most definitely will be bending you over every flat surface we own." he whispered, stepping closer to her. She shook her head, shaking her loose curls in his face. "Careful now Mister Malfoy… don't want to harm the baby." she said evenly as she walked away. Draco's eyes popped out of his head as her words sunk in. "Ba-ba-BABY? Wait- hey Granger wait up!" he said, taking off at a run towards her. He caught up to her and caught her arm. "Baby?" he repeated, leveling their eyes. She smiled and nodded. "Yes Baby. I'm pregnant Draco. I was heading towards the parenting and pregnancy section when you started your little flirtation." she mentioned excitedly. He chuckled happily and lifted her into his arms and twirled around. "Finally! All our 'creative' sexcapades finally paid off." he cheered then whispered, putting her down and kissing her nose affectionately. "Yep, Scor's going to be a big brother."she said taking off again. He ran ahead to capture her hand in his own. He kissed the backs of her knuckles and led her on, swinging their intertwined hands between them. "Excellent work Miss Granger." he retorted. She smiled and reached over to smack his bicep. "Honestly, when are you going to stop calling me that? I've been Mrs. Malfoy for almost four years." she responded. He laughed and pulled her close. "I always told you, I'd call you Granger even after you became a Malfoy." he came back. She shook her head. "I guess I thought you'd eventually stop." she replied. He shook his head and pulled her into his arms again as they reached their building. "Never Darling, never." he replied. She smiled again and unlocked the door behind her. "Well, if you intend on fulfilling that promise of every flat surface you better get working on that. Scorpius comes home in thirty-six hours." she smirked, backing towards the stairs leading to their flat. He smirked. "That's more than enough time." he shot back. She bit her lip and gave him a doubtful look. "I don't know Draco. Aren't you tired? Need to sleep it off and come back fresh? Merlin knows you need a day's worth of energy to even manage simple tasks." she called playfully. He lunged towards his wife playfully in response. "You slick little witch." he said as he watched her take off up the stairs. He bounded after her. "I'll show you to never doubt a Malfoy." he continued. She cackled as she ran up the steps ahead of her husband. He caught up to her at their door and pinned her beside it. He kissed her lips gently and she sighed contentedly. "I've learned to ALWAYS doubt a Malfoy."she whispered. He chuckled again. "Wise words from a very smart witch." he whispered. "Smartest witch of her age in fact." she retorted smartly. He chuckled louder. "Wasn't it brightest witch of her age?" he shot back. "Semantics. Either way it's sound advice." she muttered. They laughed together for five whole minutes before he stopped and looked down into her eyes pensively. "I love you Mrs. Malfoy." he whispered. She smiled and stared up at him. "And I love you, Mister Malfoy." she whispered, as she unlocked their door. "Now then, back to business." he exclaimed, picking her up and throwing her over his shoulder to disappear into their flat. In that moment Hermione Malfoy realized she didn't need someone with whom to share her bed when she had found someone with whom to share her life.