she swallowed thickly and wiped her tears. No matter how much she wished she could get over it, and no matter how much she told people she had, it was still incredibly difficult to keep it from affecting her. She had been judged for the past seven years on that alone – the fact that she was a muggle-born witch, a mud-blood . Everyone expected her to fail right from the start. She'd proved them wrong of course, but still. What she wouldn't give to just have her blood status not matter or to change it sometimes – to see how different life would be as a pure-blood or even a half-blood… "You're not the only one, Granger," Malfoy said after awhile, his voice almost gentle, "I just wish you all would see how much worse it was for us–" She looked at him then, her anger coming back full force. "For you ?" she whispered incredulously, her brown eyes filling with fire, " We were the ones who had our families killed! Us . Mud-bloods and muggles and half-bloods and blood-traitors. So, do excuse me, when I say that we had it worse off. We, the famous Golden Trio, were on the run for a year. No food, no permanent shelter, no safety, no allies, nothing but a few clues and a book of fairytales. We could only rely upon ourselves and, even then, we couldn't really trust that." Hermione thought back to Ron's lapse in judgment and the big fight with Harry that made him leave during their search for the horcruxes. She took a deep breath as she watched as Malfoy's face harden instantly. "Walk a fucking mile in my shoes, Granger. You wouldn't last a bloody day , I promise you." She walked up to him boldly, "Same goes for you, Malfoy. I promise you ." There was a moment of silence as the two glowered at each other, before an odd feeling washed over the pair and they staggered away, dazed. Hermione's eyes fluttered as she placed a hand on her head and closed her eyes to get a hold of her surroundings. She felt like she was going to faint. Stumbling, the brunette tripped and fell to her knees with a gasp, her wand rolling away. It seemed Malfoy had the same problem because he was breathing deeply and holding on to the nearest tree, his head in his hands. " Is that an agreement I hear?" said a whimsical, female voice. Hermione blinked and turned, trying to find the voice's owner as she fought to clear her head. She grew dizzy as she saw a light over by a pond maybe twenty or thirty feet away. "Who's there?" asked Malfoy wearily, his back against the tree trunk and his wand up and pointed at the pond. A light, tinkling laugh rang out and Hermione shivered. " You should know, shouldn't you, Draco? After all, you and Hermione have been searching for one of us…" Hermione's eyes widened. How did she know? " You needed fairy dust, am I correct?" Hermione's mouth dropped as the light by the pond grew until it was bright, like a large Patronus. She shielded her eyes, as did Malfoy. After a few moments, the light died and she looked over at the pond once more to see a beautiful fairy with long, blue hair, white skin and bright, cerulean eyes. She was floating in the air, her blinding wings fluttering. "How did you know?" asked Malfoy, amazed. " Isn't that your punishment? Collecting ingredients for potions for the next week every night?" Hermione was at a loss for words as another tinkling laugh echoed through the forest. " See… I would help… but I actually have another idea." The brunette didn't like the sound of this. The fairy's blue eyes were glittering knowingly between the two. It reminded her a lot of Dumbledore and she felt a painful pang of sadness in her chest. "I hope you find what you're looking for, and once you have fulfilled your promises, all will be well." Hermione looked over at Draco who grew pale. "W-What do you mean?" she asked, her fear mounting as the fairy's words replayed in her head. The fairy winked at her and slowly faded. Panic gripped Hermione, and she got up and ran towards her. Just as she thought she could reach out and touch her, the light faded altogether and darkness flooded the forest once more. Confused, she turned and looked back at Draco, who was paler than ever. "Malfoy?" A warm, unnatural breeze caressed her, and the hair on the back of Hermione's neck stood on end. Her breath came light and fast as her knees buckled and eyes swam. Everything spun and she frowned deeply, her hand flying to her head, as if trying to assuage the uncomfortable feeling. Gasping for air as black spots popped up in her vision, she tried hard to call out for help, but it was hopeless. Just as Hermione was about to go under, she heard the same whimsical voice of the fairy whisper to her one last time, her voice soothing and melodic. " Trust in me…" This plot bunny has literally been on my mind for a year. I first came to fanfiction July 6th, 2011 and this idea popped into my mind a few weeks after. I wasn't sure if a plot like this ever came up, where Draco and Hermione go back in time and assume the other's life (not body-swapping). I've been meaning to write this out for the longest time, if only to get it out there. If you don't understand what exactly I mean with the whole life switcheroo, stick around. The next chapter is the actual switch... that is... if you all review enough to get me to write it :) Question: What time period do you think the two will warp back to? Please do favorite/alert/review! Tumblr: potterston