her dry. He swirled his tongue in intricate patterns across every inch of her while stroking himself enthusiastically. He sucked on her button with such pressure she nearly came from that action itself. He licked her entrance numerous times and sucked on her lower lips until she reached a second earth-shattering orgasm at the same time he did. Hermione finally plopped down on the floor beside him. She unconsciously laid her head on his shoulder. "Bloody hell Granger… are you sure you won't marry me?" he asked as his head fell on hers. She sat bolt upright. "WHAT? HAVE YOU GONE MENTAL?" she shrieked. He looked up at her and smiled lazily. "Sarcasm dear Granger. My mother would have my head if I didn't partake in the appropriate year long engagement before marriage. Oh and courting, bloody courting...You have to admit, us meeting in this… err, establishment at this time in our lives is curious. I mean I could've walked into any gentleman's club in muggle London but I didn't. This is where I ended up. Why? Of all the strip joints in muggle sodding London I ended up in yours! Why? The fates want us together. Come one, date me Granger." he plotted his case from the floor. Hermione looked at him as if he was on his way to being Gilderoy Lockhart's new bunkmate. "You're barking." she muttered as she began to bite her nails. "Think about it. Who else challenges you intellectually? Me. Who challenges you mentally? Me. Who has always challenged you at every crossroad in your life? Me. Who just gave you two earth shattering, make-the-floor-disappear-from-under-you orgasms? I mean yes I may be a snarky, sarcastic, self righteous bastard but you said it yourself. We have had repressed sexual tension for years based off our mutual attraction. Give it ago and if you don't end up falling ass-over-tit for me, I'll let you go. I just want my chance." he pleaded. The self righteous, self-serving Slytherin inside him was preparing to die by the metaphorical sword at his openness. Hermione helped him up and pulled him into a kiss. Draco couldn't help himself. He rubbed his thumbs across her erect nipples as they kissed. She smiled against the kiss. "You horny bastard." she muttered against his lips. "I finally have my dream girl, so of course I'm a horny bastard. Fuck me Granger. Give me a sexy little lapdance with your little fedora and give me what I came for. But when I leave you will be mine." he stated, as liquid silver stared into molten amber. She nodded. "Get comfortable horndog." she whispered. He smirked and walked over to sit back in the chair and pull his pants n trousers back up. She sauntered over to him seductively and turned around backwards against him. She ground her arse into his lap to the music still wafting in the background. He watched her with lust filled eyes she she danced around him, tempting and teasing. His cock was at full mast again. She smirked and took her fedora off. She looked him right in the eyes and dropped it onto his lap. "Keep your hat on Malfoy. It's just me. Don't get too worked up." she winked as she turned around and dropped into a squat, popping and swiveling her hips seductively. He never took his eyes off her. He kept eye contact as she licked her swollen red lips and bit her bottom lip. He became rock hard at the sight and almost came a second time. Their mutual silent seduction was interrupted by a knocking on the door. "Amortentia, you're up next." came a voice sounding similar to Cho Chang from the other side of the door. "Ok Phoenix. I'm just finishing up. I'll be right out." she called as she pulled Draco up. He watched her as she scurried around to collect her dress and put it on. When she was done he moved over to her. "One last question...why Amortentia?" he asked, staring at her. Her eyes dropped. "It was something I knew no other dancer would have. I started this job as a confidence booster after finding Ron in bed with the Patil twins, who are strippers in a wizarding gentleman's club… and well, it worked." she stated, shrugging her shoulders. He nodded in understanding before turning to leave. Then he remembered something and turned around. He took her left hand in his and brushed his lips against the knuckles, then he kissed her inner wrist, and slowly dragged kisses up her inner arm. As he reached her scars he made the kisses butterfly like. "You have always been so beautiful Hermione." he whispered. He made sure he had his belongings and moved towards the door. She grabbed her wand and muttered, "Finite Incantatem." he looked at her one last time before opening the door to walk out. Draco Malfoy wore the biggest smirk he had ever produced as he waltzed out of that strip club. As he neared the door he dug in his pockets for his watch and found a piece of enchanted parchment. It read: Draco, Thank you for the money and for everything tonight. I think you were right, I think we might make a great pair. I get off here at 2 am, Can I floo to your place? And also, maybe we could do dinner at Florean Fortescue's new restaurant in Diagon Alley another night? Let me know. Amortentia. He smirked at the note and pointed his wand at the opposite side of the enchanted parchment. Granger, Of course. I'll fix the wards the moment I get home. Just floo directly to Draco's bedroom. And sounds like a plan. I'll get started working on our reservation. I'll let you know a date and time later. You just show up and look beautiful. -D He smiled a true smile to himself and strode out of the strip club, sated, satisfied and hopefully, no longer single.