out sultry and soft. Daring the crazy witch to go ahead and end her. Shocking everyone in the room with her, as a new wave of magic flows out of her. "No? What's wrong Bella, cat got your tongue?" She giggled, as she sat up, and looked at the other witch from under her long lashes. Bellatrix and everyone else continue to remain silent. "Or is it fear? The predator becomes the prey, oh the games that we play with each other. Would you like to play a game Bella? I call this one 'Guess my future' and your future…well, let's just say that I'd start getting my affairs in order if I were you, dear." She stands on her feet, staring knowingly into Bellatrix's eyes. A secret knowledge lying behind those golden eyes of hers. "Miss Granger, I don't believe we've had the pleasure of meeting yet." A smooth, hissing voice creeps into the room from the snake like man that has finally appeared. His slit eyes gazing upon her in fascination. "My lord!" Bellatrix and the others exclaim before dropping to their knees before the man. "Hello Tom." She purrs, staring into the dark wizard's eyes. Not showing any kind of submission in his presence, another thing that intrigues him instead of angering him. "How dare you talk to my lord! Filthy mudblood!" "Silence! And assemble the other in the dining room, we're having a meeting. And make sure that Severus shows up to this as well." Lord Voldemort demands, heading into the dining room and taking his place at the head of the table. The others follow and Hermione finds herself standing by one of the huge windows at the side of the table. Loud pops are heard throughout the room and one by one Death Eaters appear and take their seats. Voldemort's eyes forever straying to the vision of Hermione staring off unseeingly out of the window. "My lord?" Severus' drawling voice inquires. Voldemort doesn't answer back, but instead chooses to question Hermione after a few moments. "This is a surprise mudblood, but then again…you never really were a mudblood were you? How long have you known?" He questions. Severus allows himself to also look upon his student with skeptical eyes. He notices he is not the only one staring at the witch either, hiding his shock at how much the little know it all has changed since he last saw her. Her looks, yes, but it was more than that. The way her eyes betrayed a knowledge beyond any of their comprehension. As if she has been shown untold secrets, and they are slowly tearing at her sanity and mind. A certain madness that was never there before, and a strong, heady aura surrounding her. "What?" She questions innocently, raising one of her eyebrows at the dark wizard. "That you were more." He answers cryptically, confusing those in attendance, but she seemed to understand him perfectly as she sighed and placed her back to the window, her gaze sweeping across the Death Eaters in attendance. "That I was adopted? I found out over the summer after sixth year and had my memory charm broken, bit of a nasty shock finding out I wasn't a muggleborn anymore. Almost felt like my entire life was a lie. An even nastier shock when I discovered that I was barely even human anymore though, I just recently came into my inheritance before your goons found us. I nearly clawed my own heart out of my chest when my gift was bestowed upon me, more of a curse than a blessing if you ask me." She smirked as she noticed the Malfoy's eyes grow wide at her statement, as well as the hungry gaze of certain Death Eaters. Snape was once again, voice of emotions. "So, you can see? I'll admit, I never would have guessed that your true self would be this- " "Dark? Yes, I know." She interrupted, with a smirk upon her face. "My lord?" Lucius Malfoy's confused voice spoke out finally. "I'm sorry to intrude but what exactly is going on here? What happened to Miss Granger?" The others nodding their agreements with his question. And Voldemort looked upon them appraisingly. "It would appear my dear friends…" he paused. "That Miss Granger has not only become a seer" this cause some murmuring to break out amongst the ranks before he lifted a hand to all of them. "But she has also come into her Veela inheritance. Hermione Granger here is a Pureblood." And just like that, all hell froze over and the questions and demands started. Hermione Granger isn't really a Granger at all, but a Pureblood. Only one question remained, and the Dark Lord seemed to know exactly the answer to it. His eyes skimmed down the table until he set his eyes on two different families of his followers. Voldemort smirked, knowing exactly what his next sentence would unleash. "Hermione Granger is actually Phoenix Black, daughter of your cousin Sirius, and heir to the Ancient and Noble House of Black." And with that Narcissa and Bellatrix immediately stood up and gazed upon their new niece in disbelief. "Nixie?" Narcissa asked tearfully. "Hello Cissy." Hermione smiled back at the older witch slyly. "I'm home." A/N: Okay so this is going to be a Dark Hermione/Death Eater story. The pairings are Hermione/Multi as I can't just stick her with one gorgeous Death Eater. It's also why I chose for her to be a Veela as well. Multiple mates for everyone! Anyway, the next chapter should be up soon and I hope you like this story so far! Comment and Subscribe with your thoughts and as always, I'll see you in the next update! Next Chapter: Hermione has a confrontation with the Death Eaters about her heritage, some bits of her past are revealed, and she finds out what it truly means to be a Veela. Light to medium smut in the next chapter! See you then!