the while in her midst. This went on for a time, and Hermione concluded that she didn't abhor the experience, at least not to the extent that she thought she would. Plus having Draco under her thumb like this was a sort of sadistic pleasure all in itself. Suddenly, his hand stroked her face, and she knew that it was time. He lifted her back onto the desk and she laid flat, preparing for whatever pain, pleasure, or world-ending catastrophe could follow. She was about to have sex with Draco Malfoy, after all, the boy who had spent the last six years of his life taunting her at every opportunity. Her last thoughts were I love magic , before the world exploded. Hermione was in sensory overload. The pain, overwhelming at first, had quickly died, to be replaced by immense pleasure, as Draco slowly began working his way in and out, not trying to force any more of his length inside her. This was an epiphany. Hermione had never experienced anything like it in her life, like a veil had been lifted from her eyes. There was a whole realm beyond her imagining, and it was beautiful. Draco seemed to have experienced a similar vision, and his pace increased. He groaned as he stretched her legs apart to accommodate more of him, with one hand bracing himself on the desk, and another resting on her abdomen, the thumb periodically pushing into her clit. Her eyes were closed, her face scrunched up, beads of sweat rolling down her forehead. It wasn't particularly hot in the classroom, but the pleasure made it feel like her body was a million degrees, like she could burst into flames herself at any minute. Hermione gasped in outrage as she felt Draco's thumb leave her clit. She was about to sit up as she felt Draco's now warm hands lifting her legs. She was about to ask him what the point was when she yelled out in surprise. Draco had been lifting her legs so that he could fit more of his length within her. He was now completely inside her, she could feel his smooth skin against hers, and felt the gentle slap as he began rhythmically pounding into her with his full length. This was twice as good as before. Draco would pull all the way out, to the point where the tip was only barely inside of her. She would moan, beg for him, and then he would slam back in, his cock fully re-entering in one fluid motion. It was the height of pleasure, and she knew that she wouldn't be able to hang on much longer. It progressed for several more minutes, heightening, building, until, quite suddenly, Draco pulled out and, with an animalistic cry, let go on top of Hermione. None of his seed traveled far enough for any mess, but her breasts and abdomen were thoroughly coated. She was on the brink of her release and she screamed for him, not caring who heard, what happened, anything, and he frantically ground the head of his cock into her clitoris. He watched as her lips tightened, as the shudders wracked her body, her back arching up and down in rapid succession. He slowly pulled out the last of his cum until all that he had to offer was on Hermione's chest. She lay flat on the desk once more, breathing heavily. Draco leaned back against the cabinet, attempting to catch his breath as well. He grinned weakly and returned to his clothes. Hermione managed to sit up enough to see the colossal mess that Draco had left on her body. It looked impressive. It was everywhere . She didn't know just why Malfoy had pulled out… But thank god he had. She didn't even want to think about what could have happened if he didn't. She searched for her wand, but realized that it was on the cabinet across the way. She dared not move. Malfoy seemed to notice her predicament and came over and, with a flick of his wand, cleaned up for her. She returned to her clothes as Draco began to watch her longingly again, already redressed. She knew that she would have to sort out an antidote before Slughorn got back. Again as she searched for a textbook Draco had managed to close the distance between them impossibly fast and was, once more, sucking lightly on her neck. She heard a light cough and looked up so fast that she nearly hit her head on the cabinet. Professor Slughorn was standing in the door. "Professor Slughorn! Oh… Er… Well, I can explain!" Professor Slughorn took a long, measured look between Hermione and Draco. A smile twitched to his lips, beneath his bushy mustache. "No need, m'dear. I can see perfectly well what's happened here. I'll correct my records to give you full marks for today's work." "But Professor-" "Amortentia, expertly brewed. You can see it in his eyes, if you look closely. You'd best be going, we wouldn't want him doing anything… untoward to you while under its effects. Although I daresay by the way he was attached to your neck I somehow wonder whether you would mind or not." Hermione blushed a fierce crimson as she grabbed her bag and exited the classroom as quickly as possible. The last thing she heard before rushing down the hall was Slughorn, in an appraising voice, saying "Draco my boy, I think you've found a place at my next gathering!" A/N: If you feel that my portrayal was out of character for Draco (Rather subdued), you have to remember that, while under the effects of Amortentia, he's clearly not himself, and his desire for Hermione basically overrules any desire for sarcastic comments and the like. I really don't give a damn, but so you know, I'm well aware that the brewing of Amortentia occurred at the beginning of the year in the canon timeline. Whatever. Hope you enjoyed!