she replies breathlessly. "I want to see it," he says simply. Then his hands move to the back of the dress and tug on the zipper. Now she knows he's teasing her because a smirk is falling over his lips as he pulls her zipper down. She nips at his neck to make him hurry up. It has the desired affect. Her zipper is down in an instant and James slips the dress off of her. "Pretty," he mutters, as he runs a hand across the pink lace. "Do you always wear things like this, Evans?" "Sometimes," she answers coyly. Her lips are against his again as she flops back on the bed. Lily reaches down and starts to undo his belt. It's a struggle since there isn't enough space between them to do much, but she finally gets it undone and goes onto his pants. Fire lights up in her stomach as her name falls from James' lips. His hands traveling down her body, sending chills running down her spine. Her back arches when he runs his hand over her covered clit. Quickly, she grabs his hand and he stills completely. Ever so gently, she reaches up and takes his glasses off then lays them on the nightstand. A smile slips onto his face for a moment then he returns to running his fingers over her clit. A gasp slips out of her mouth and she hates to think of how he got so good at his. Once his pants are gone, her fingers twist in the happy trial that leads to the bulge underneath his boxers. A groan comes from James' lips. Immediately, his hands find the edge of her knickers and yank them down her legs. She manages to kick them off when they get past her knees. He starts to lower himself down her body, but she stops him. "You can play later," she tells him. "Condom." "Right," he mutters before getting up and looking for his trousers. "By the door," Lily says helpfully as she undoes her bra. She scoots back on the bed as James goes through his wallet. He finally locates what he's looking for. Lily leans back on her elbows and smiles at him when he looks nervous at the sight of her. Slowly, he crawls up the bed. Lily takes his face in her hands and kisses him gently, trying to reassure him—trying to make him see that this was going to work. Then he's pushing into her and she's gasping into his mouth because she's never felt like this before—never felt like she needed to be this close to someone. "Lily," he mutters against her collar bone, and she moans because her name sounds ragged on his tongue and she didn't realize she had that effect on him. "More," she manages to get out and he moves again filling her completely. Her nails dig into his back, but he doesn't mind. In fact, he groans and thrusts roughly into her. Another moan leaves her lips as she arches her back. His hands find her breast and palm them roughly. Lily swears she's going to shatter into a million pieces if he keeps this up. His head lowers so he can close his mouth around her nipple, but he's not finished driving her crazy yet. His hand lowers and find her clit. Lily gasps as she realizes that it is over. Swiftly, James thrusts in her. That combined with the incredible sensation of his mouth around her nipple and his hand on her clit sends her over the edge. Her body rides the waves of ecstasy. Her back arches, her toes curl, she moans his name loudly, and lets herself be lost to the pleasure that she is sure only James Potter can give her. The bed is cold when she wakes up, which is odd. Sitting up, she finds that not only is her bed empty, but James' clothes are gone. This leaves Lily utterly confused. She calls James the next day, but she gets his voicemail. Shrugging, she leaves a message. "Hey, it's Lily. I wanted to talk to you about last night, but I realized that I didn't know where you lived so I just decided to call you. Anyway, I'm free this evening if you want to meet me around five in the park across street from the my flat. You can always call me if you want to talk earlier or if you can't come around that time. I'll let you go now. See you soon." Lily spots James rather easily. He's sitting on a bench with his leg bouncing rapidly. He doesn't see her until she's a few feet from him. When he does spot her, he stands up immediately, rubbing his hands on the front of jeans. "Hey-" "I'm sorry," he interrupts her. "I woke up and I just panicked. I didn't want you to think I was in it for the sex. I wasn't. I mean, I'm not. I mean, I wasn't there for sex. I didn't even intent to have sex with you, but it was rather nice. Never mind, that's not the point. Anyways, I was going to call you, but then I couldn't. And I was going to text you, but that seemed so impersonally. So I was going to-" Lily can't help but think about how cute James looks when he is rambling. So she puts him out of his misery. She leans up and kisses him gently on the lips. His hands find her waist and tug her against his body, letting her feel those lines against her yet again. When she pulls away, she smiles. "I wasn't going to get mad at you, and I knew you weren't there for the sex. You're not that kind of person. I was confused, yeah, but that's all cleared up now. So how about that date? Does that offer still stand?" "Of course, it does." Then James kisses her again.