at him. "I can't help it. I can't do anything else." "I don't know why you're bothering," Sirius sighed. "Because I care about her," James snapped. "I don't know why you're questioning me." "Because you're being an idiot?" Sirius suggested. "It's not like you were supposed to be with her." When James gave him an indignant look, he elaborated. "She was your guard—one that didn't particularly care for your father's rule and probably didn't want you to rule either. To let her get as close as she did was—and I'm sorry to say this, James—rather stupid." Sirius wasn't far from the truth, but that didn't make it hurt any less. "What Sirius means is that maybe it's for the best," Remus cut in. "I know you liked her a lot, but, in the end, she would have only brought you pain." James had no reply to this. As hard as he tried, James couldn't find out anymore about Lily. No matter what he did, none of the Lionhearts ever surfaced. He didn't know how they were hiding themselves so well. He shouldn't be thinking about this right now. Not when they were being attacked, but he couldn't get Lily out of his mind. Riddle's forces had come closer and closer to the castle and James had been unable to do anything to stop them. The forces he sent out were cut down like chattel. The only option he had was to fight them on home soil. So he let them get closer and closer to the castle. Now the battle was raging outside their gates. He didn't care if he was king, James was not going to let his people fight this battle on his own. Despite the protests from his men, he ran out into the thick of the battle. He cut down men in a blind haze, taking his frustration from not seeing Lily out on them. Something caught his eye then. It was Marlene—dressed for battle—marching toward the battle field and unleashing herself on those poor helpless men. James had never seen anything so magnificent. Dorcas was not far behind her. His distraction cost him. A man elbowed his side and sent him staggering to the left. James lost his footing and fell to the ground. The man raised his sword above his head and started to bring it down. Before the blade met his flesh, a knife slammed into the man's throat. Surprise overtook James. Turning his head sharply, he saw Lily striding toward him—completely healthy, red hair flowing in a braid behind her, and furious. "What the hell," she growled as she pulled him to his feet. "Are you insane? You could have been killed." "You're supposed to be sick," he managed to chock out. "I recovered fully three days ago," she said, her tone softening. "Marlene and Dorcas wouldn't let me tell you." Before he could say anything else, Lily slammed her sword into the side of a soldier, hitting a vital organ and sending him to the ground crying out in pain. James followed her lead and entered back into the battle. They didn't have time to talk. That would come later. Despite having the Lionhearts on their side, they were still losing. Riddle outnumbered them ten to one. There was no coming out of this battle, James realized. They were both going to die. He glanced over at Lily only to see her looking back at the castle. She was nodding at someone who was on top of the castle wall. James watched in amazement as huge balls of wood were rolled onto catapults and launched at Riddle's men. It took out a good number of their forces. "You're a genius," he muttered to Lily. "Nah," she replied with a grin. "Those have been underground for years." With that, the battle resumed. The catapults gave them the edge they needed. As Riddle's forces dwindled, they drew back. Eventually, there were riding away in a hurry. Good, James thought. Let them try and come back for his country. Turning, he grabbed Lily by the waist and kissed her. Her response was eager as she pushed herself up against him. "Don't you ever scare me like that again," he muttered as they broke apart. "I'll try," was her response. Seven years later Lily watched her son play from the balcony above the garden. He was chasing after a frog—trying to cage the poor creature. She took pity on it. What she found hilarious, though, was redhead that was sneaking up on him without his notice. That was Ginny Weasley. The newest recruit to the Lionhearts. The girl showed great promise. She was also a bit of a troublemaker. "Please, tell me you're not spying on Harry again." Lily turned around to settle her husband with a look. He just raised an eyebrow in response. Seven years of marriage and she still never tired of seeing him look like that. "I'm not spying," she told him. "I'm just making sure that he's ok." Just as she finished her sentence, cries of 'gotcha', 'get off', and 'that's not fair' rose from the garden. Lily spun around to see that Ginny had tackled Harry to the ground much to his dismay. "Is he alright?" James asked. Lily smiled. "He's fine." "You're horrible to him," he said, shaking his head. She rolled her eyes. "Yes, I'm the horrible one." James grinned as he crossed the room and took her into his arms. Lily allowed him to kiss her before she pulling back and looked him in the eye. "I have something to tell you," she said. "What is it?" he asked. "I'm pregnant." James glanced down at her stomach before moving his eyes back to her face. "Really?" "Yes." Another grin broke out on his face and he picked her up and spun her around. Lily laughed until he put her down. "I love you," he muttered as he rested her forehead against hers. "I love you, too."