to its natural state. Rose grimaced. "You're kind of mean," he said, cocking his head to one side as he looked at her. He was still holding the magazine, and Rose could see the animated photographs doing rather embarrassing things from where she stood. She flicked her wand at it, and it went flying from his hands to land back on the coffee table. His smirk just widened. "Sorry for going through your things," he said, not seeming sorry at all. "S'alright," she said, wanting to get him out of her flat before he started rummaging through her knickers drawers, or something equally invasive. "Ready to go?" "Sure," he said, grabbing his wand from his pocket. "Shall we take the floo?" Rose, who secretly hated the feeling of apparition, agreed wordlessly, and followed him over to the fireplace. After he'd gone, she grabbed a handful of powder from the pot on her mantle, and stepped into the flames, shouting "The Three Broomsticks!" The pub was noisy and incredibly crowded by the time Rose and Scorpius arrived. She quickly detached herself from him, aware that their peers were overly nosy and would read too much into their joint arrival. The place had been done up since Rose'd graduated from Hogwarts. It still retained its old English charm, with the exposed beams and panelled glass windows she remembered, but the inside felt newer, and attracted a trendier crowd. The bar was built of dark wood, lined with several liquors that Rose had never even heard of. Above it, the legendary three broomsticks were tacked upon the wall. She quickly found Charlotte doing shots of firewhiskey with their friends and old dorm-mates, Marjorie Edwards and Emily Gallagher. When the girls saw her, Emily shoved a shot glass full of the dark, amber liquid into Rose's hands. "A toast to the bride!" she said, her round face already red from the alcohol she'd consumed. Rose wrinkled her nose at the taste as it burned its way down her throat. Marjorie grabbed Rose's hand when she was done coughing. "Char's was just telling us all about the wedding venue," she said, her dark eyes sparkling with excitement. Rose plastered on her happy face and nodded along. "We're looking at renting out a castle in Scotland," Charlotte said, her face shiny and pink from the elation and firewhiskey. "The Macmillans apparently have a long-standing tradition of getting married at the family estate on Loch Lomond, but apparently they're having a bit of a keplie infestation, so we're looking at alternative venues." "It sounds absolutely magical," Em squealed, looking as if she may cry from excitement, or perhaps piss herself. "And you're so lucky to have Demetrius, he really is just such a Prince Charmi-" "I have to go and find James," Rose said abruptly, and left the table without a look back at what she was sure would be three bewildered faces. Making her way to the bar was a Herculean task in itself. The place was packed with former classmates and various family members, many of which Rose had absolutely zero desire to talk to. She was just about to make good on her previous statement and actually find James to wish him a happy birthday, when there was a light tap on her shoulder. Rose turned to find Demetrius Macmillian, Charlotte's fiance and apparent Prince Charming, gazing down at her with a slightly desperate look. "Can we talk?" he asked, and before Rose could answer, he was dragging her by the arm to a secluded hallway just off the toilets. Rose snatched her arm back, rubbing the spot where he'd gripped it. There was a moment where he made a few exasperated huffing sounds while Rose stared bewilderingly at him, before he seemed to be able to speak. His golden hair was coiffed in a perfectly mussed-up way that Rose knew he must've spent ages on to make it look natural. She fought the urge to roll her eyes. Demetrius'd always been a real pillock. "I.. I just wanted to come and say - because Charlotte told me she talked to you this morning-" "She did. Congratulations." Rose said with little emotion. "Right, thanks." He rubbed the back of his neck nervously, "But that's what I wanted to talk about - to make sure you weren't going to..." he trailed off, gesturing weakly at her. "I'm not going to tell my best friend that I slept with her fiancé, if that's what you're asking," Rose said, her voice hard. He stared at her for a long moment, then broke into a relieved smile. "Great," he breathed, apparently satisfied. "That's - that's fantastic news, cheers Rose. You're such a cool bird. I'll catch you later, Weasley." and with a friendly clap on her shoulder, he left her in the dark hall. Rose leaned up against the wall, closing her eyes and breathing deeply. The chatter from the pub rang in her ears as she steadied herself to rejoin the throng. "So-" came a voice quite nearby, and Rose jumped, her eyes flying open to see Scorpius Malfoy drying his hands with his wand, clearly having just left the loo. "That was... an enlightening conversation." His face was a blank canvas, but Rose saw a slight twitch to one of his eyes. Was he offended? It wasn't his business. Rose stared at him, her face hard. "You don't know what you're talking about, Malfoy." she said, trying to remain calm. "Really?" he countered, raising an eyebrow, "Because it all seemed quite clear to me." There was a beat where they stared each other down. "You can't tell Charlotte." her hard veneer slipped, and she found that she was practically begging him. She made to grab a hold of his forearm, and he pulled it away from her grasp. "I won't," he said, his voice clear and even, "but you should." And for the second time in as many minutes, Rose was left alone in the corridor.