solemn, threaded with a tone of disappointment towards the situation at hand. "You may be right, Draco, but I am not going to kill Harry, that's for certain. He is a fragment of my soul, after all, thus killing him would be like stabbing myself in the stomach." "Of course, my lord." "Has he any injuries as of yet?" Draco's throat snapped shut at the thought of Potter's treatment by the other Death Eaters, remembering how weak he'd been - he would be useless at defending himself. "A few cuts and bruises, and I suspect a few Cruciatus curses were used on him, but nothing lethal," he told Voldemort truthfully, and the man nodded, turning back to his fire without another word. "What do you plan to do with him, my lord?" Draco asked curiously. He suspected he had stepped an inch or two out of line with the question when the Dark Lord's eyes flickered up in haste to meet his. But he retracted his assumptions when he found that the eyes were not narrow or murderous, but more docile than Draco had ever seen them. The Dark Lord must have been in one of his rare good moods. "I'm unsure. It seems to be a difficult dilemma," he said, with a strange look on his devilish features that Draco hadn't witnessed before. It almost looked like... Amusement? And not the kind that came with maiming and killing, but the sort of expression Draco had always suspected had sprung onto his own face at the sight of Potter recoiling from one of his insults. "You must have an idea or two, Draco. Please share." Draco gulped. "I suggest he be sent to Azkaban," he confessed, and watched the Dark Lord's brows raise in intrigue. "The place is secure, nobody can get in or out so he cannot be harmed or escape, and the torture can be punishment for his war crimes." Voldemort regarded his suggestion with a curious expression and a slight nod of his head. "What an... interesting take," he said. "But no, I don't want Potter sent off to some island where I can't reach him, where anything can go wrong and I will be unable to do anything to stop it. In fact, I'd rather keep him closer. Much closer." Draco almost gagged at the suggestion in the Dark Lord's tone, the way his voice seemed to purr as though he was speaking of a lover rather than a boy who, four years prior, had been his mortal enemy. It was said in whispers through both the Manor and the rest of the country that the Lord had slipped down a spiral of insanity over the last few years, triggered by the discovery that Potter was his horcrux. Draco couldn't disagree, and the man's degrading sanity made him even more fearful, but he was nowhere near stupid enough to voice this. "I see you have a large amount of protection here at the Manor," Voldemort commented, brandishing his poker as though it were a wand. "The Malfoy family have always been wealthy, and thus heavily protected. Your father was always very generous, allowing me to share his home, and he was a loyal follower." He smiled and laughed lightly at a joke Draco had clearly missed. "Are you loyal, Draco?" "Yes, my lord," Draco choked. The phrase was an immediate response, formed from a lesson he'd learnt from birth: to never say no to the Dark Lord. But he was starting to wonder what the man had planned, and why his face carried such a cunning grin all of a sudden. "Well then, I feel that the best course of action would be to make Harry a Malfoy." Never before had Draco imagined he'd hear Potter's and his names in that context, much less coming from the mouth of the Dark Lord, and with not a shred of mockery. "A what?" he felt himself utter, barely audible over the ringing in his ears where the Dark Lord's words seemed to have deafened him. But Voldemort was still speaking and his words dug at Draco's eardrums and forced him to listen. "As a Malfoy, Harry will be protected from harm and will reside close enough for me to check his well-being," Voldemort explained. He sounded pleased with his plan, whilst Draco was swallowing the urge to throw up at the idea. "I expect you to be married within the week." "Married?" Draco spluttered. "To Potter?" The Dark Lord considered his with a narrow gaze, suspicious perhaps. "Yes. Is that a problem? I would hope not, if you are as loyal and devoted as you say you are." "No, it is not an issue, my lord," Draco lied with all of the composure he could muster through his stifled rage. "I will begin making arrangements immediately." "Excellent," Voldemort said dully, without any hint of a smile. "Though I do suggest that young Harry be kept in confinement until he fully adjusts to his new role." His new role as my husband ?! Draco thought, outraged below the surface. "Of course, my lord," he uttered through a tightly clenched jaw and teeth that would have shattered under any more pressure. Every bone in his body urged him to ambush the dark wizard ahead of him with every curse he could think of, but he refrained. Draco left Voldemort's quarters with a shake in his step and a tremble in his every movement. The arch vanished behind him as he left, and for a split second of desperate rage, he was set on removing the chambers completely, in the hope that that the Dark Lord would cease to exist along with them. But he knew that would never work; what with his array of horcruxes splitting his soul into fragments, even considering the few Potter had managed to destroy, Voldemort was considered invincible - and Draco could do nothing to control the life his parents' decisions had made for him.