essay with perhaps a few more angry ink spots along the edges than usual. By the time she's done she nearly feels like herself again, not calm -never calm- but focused . Or, at least she thought she was. It takes her more than half a second to realize the little black book she'd pulled from her bag wasn't actually her little black book. Her quill was already out, nib poised to press to the paper, but she stopped and thought, goodness, just where are my annotated charms notes, I spent ages on them-? And the littlest drop of ink drips from the tip and drops on the page. It spreads like a rorschach, far and wide, much farther than it should with just that tiny little dot for fodder. Her eyes squint in thought, a hundred possibilities whirring the cogs in her mind, but even still what happens next surprises her. Hello? Who's there? The words ooze across the page, curling and scripting, before fading from view. "How odd." Hermione says aloud, quite puzzled over the what's and where's of it, but otherwise unconcerned. After all, she hadn't been in the restricted section, and there was no real reason for her to have found a cursed object in Hogwarts. She would bring it to a professor, McGonagall perhaps, and mayhaps she could explain to Hermione just what was it she'd found. It must be a very complex bit of magic, to speak to her so, unless it was scripted. The words began again, faster and tilted, and her eyes widen when she realizes what's being written . Hominum Revelio. The book stretches open before she can close it, paper ripping past like a film roll tumbling down a projector before it stops, quite suddenly, on the date. September 30th. "Oh, no." Hermione says at last, quite regretting her N.E.W.T worthy silencing charm, before her vision tips forward and her body is lifted from the bed. . . . Her breath comes back to her body with a great crash. Head spinning she leans against a cold stone wall, palms to her lids, trying desperately to squeeze the stars from her eyes. With effort she opens them, but what she sees before her throws her through a loop. Why, she was still in Hogwarts! Hermione was in one of the many stone corridors, the Transfiguration Wing if she had to guess, but it was quiet and dark, and all she could see out the window was a half moon hung in black. Had it only transported her? But it couldn't have been later than sunset before, and the moon seemed close to midnight. Besides, how could the book have moved her so, when a Hogwarts: A History said apparition and portkeys were made null on school grounds? "What are you doing out of bed at this hour?" Her head snaps up, her hand flying to the cuff of her sleeve where her wand lays hid. There, down the hallway, standing still as death in the dim starlight, was a boy she'd never met before. He was tall, dark haired and pale faced, with narrowed almond eyes and he- He was handsome. So handsome, in fact, that she was immediately on guard. The words tumbled out before she had time to think. "Who are you?" The strange boy's head tilted consideringly, a dark curl drifting down his brow, "I could ask you the same." He says, his voice smooth, and steady, and so very practiced . Something about that voice made Hermione press herself closer to the wall. Where was she? She didn't think she was in Hogwarts. There was a strangeness in her surroundings- it was dark, yes, but more than that it was gray, faded, foggy. And what was he ? Was he meant to lead her astray, further into the book's prison? To cajole her with polite words and a pretty face and… tempt her? Her nose wrinkled at the very thought, but she had to take in all the possibilities because something inside her, ancient and wary, knew that she was in danger. Hermione's heart was beginning to erupt from her chest, but her head was on straight. If he was truly a student, then there was simply no way she wouldn't remember this boy, and so for now she would treat him as an imposter. Her gaze lingered on his eyes, pondering their coolness, before flickering to his green tie, precisely placed, and the little silver badge pinned to his chest. "Are you meant to be Head Boy?" She asks warily. If this boy (thing) really was meant to tempt her, she was offended by how on the nose it was. "Yes. I am." He smiled, both sides of his mouth perfectly aligned, "Are you meant to be a Gryffindor?" There was just the slightest hint of mockery in her voice and it galled her. "Yes, I'm 'meant to be' a Gryffindor." Her eyes flash with something fierce as she decides, with both great thought and none at all, to pull out her wand. "But I've had enough of this. How do I get out of here?" The smile doesn't leave his face- it evolves, lips thinning and eyes narrowing. "It's very simple." He says, and his wand is out, between one moment and the next, and a red light comes hurtling towards her- And passes through her like she isn't there at all. And the award for longest title goes tooooo...! Anyways, yes, hello. I Couldn't resist the urge to throw my shitty Tomione fic onto the pile. I think this chapter might sort of kind count as a prologue, which is funny, because I never really write them. As you can probably tell, this fic's universe is pretty AU. More will reveal itself as time goes on. Until then, I hoped you like this little snippet! Please let me know what you think, I am hopelessly shallow and live for reviews. Thanks for reading!