you through some basic ideas." Hermione nodded. "Right." By this time Gracie had set up her own set of painting supplies and was eying up her canvas as if it had done something deserving of a sweet, cold revenge. Finally, she nodded, and grinned at them both. "Well, Hermione, have you ever been to a haunted house? Seen any horror movies?" Hermione shook her head slowly. "I've read books," she offered. Gracie shrugged. "Great. So, ever seen those creepy paintings where the eyes move and all that?" Hermione nodded reluctantly. "Perfect! That's what we're doing, but cooler, and less corny," Gracie explained. "Unless, of course, you paint a cornfield. But that's besides the point. Think of a moving scene - you know, grass waving, wind blowing, flags flapping in the air, that sort of thing. Anything moving that comes to mind, really." The pair of them nodded, and Castor closed his eyes, letting his mind form an image - of the suitcase in which Gracie's friend raised his familiars. The farmhouse, the waving grass, the tall spruce trees where some of the owls made their home, glowing eyes peeking out to watch him from dark hollows… "Castor, slow down, will you?" He blinked. "Sorry, Grace. Got lost a bit." Hermione, completely lost, glanced between them and finally gave up, returning to her thinking. Gracie seemed satisfied, because a moment later she announced, "Right - start with the main the important things - animals, people, the like, on the canvas. They don't have to be in place." Hermione looked somewhat incredulous, but Castor did not hesitate. He started with Bowman, hunched and eager, yellow eyes flashing. He finished quickly, the paint warping to the correct colours in the blink of an eye, and he moved on to the Kneazles, paying attention to their fluffed chests and unique faces. Fifteen minutes later, his page was crawling with cats and crups and owls, peering in from every corner of the page. Mice, Puffskeins, cobras and little birds of all shapes, colours and sizes crawled around his page. He took pause and glanced over to Hermione's canvas to see how she was doing. It seemed she'd figured out the paint would change to her liking, because she had some grass and a grey squirrel sitting to one side. Her sky was a dark blue, and seemed a bit swirly - he recalled something similar from his muggle art textbook and nodded. "It's nice," he offered simply. She paused and looked up, blinking at her creation and then at his for the first time. "Oh, um, thanks," she murmured, and it suddenly struck him that she was unused to being praised. The fervor with which she tackled tasks quite quickly began to make sense to him. She wasn't trying to show off, or even to be particularly better than anybody else; she just wanted to be enough that people believed in her worth. He closed away the memories of the Dursley household which threatened to surge forth, thoughts of years desperately hoping he would be able to earn their acceptance locked tightly into a box. It was with mild panic that he swatted away a recurring thought that occurred to him every now and then, and he quickly refocused on his own canvas, letting his mind think instead of cats and owls and mice. The whisper of him that wanted to destroy those memories of the Dursleys forever went silent when Gracie suddenly stood up. "Right, next step!" Gracie announced. "We're going to stick another canvas next to your current one, finish the background, and then guide your main images back onto the page." Hermione blinked in surprise, opened her mouth to ask something, then closed it. Castor held up a hand for Gracie to wait and took a calming breath. "Hermione?" he began tentatively. Once he had her attention, he began to explain. "How this works," he started slowly, "Is that magic can jump, a bit like electricity. So the magic is allowing the paint to stay in the right shape and colour and then can guide it from one canvas, jump over to another, and then jump back when a background is painted. Of course, magic isn't electricity…" he shrugged, "but the concept is similar." Understanding lit in her eyes, and he felt a rush of satisfaction. "So that's how it works," she muttered. He could see the gears turning in her mind, a bit of magic's puzzle piece fitting in with the world she knew. He nodded to Gracie, who gave him a surreptitious wink and began again as if nothing had happened. The classes throughout the days continued similarly. After the third class - as well as the third time Hermione was forced to imprison her oh-so-valuable planner and pencil case on the bookshelf - she stopped bringing her extra tools, and instead just carried a notebook everywhere. Harry suspected she'd had Natalie teach her to conjure a pencil, because she always seemed to have one handy. It was slow going, but over the next month, Hermione began breaking out of her obsessive use of planners and textbooks. While he himself could probably use a bit of the opposite, it was clear to him that she was finally learning after years of plain, simple memorization. It was odd having a class companion, but reflecting on it, it was nice. It made him all the more eager to enter Hogwarts, even if he didn't have the courage to approach people himself. It was nice, he decided, having a friend. A/N: I love this story. The characters I made, for once, were strong. I'm still trying to build the characters, and changes will surely happen - but I regardless love this story and what it will entail as time goes on. As of yet, the current chapters are just warmup to the main events, but I still think this is one of my more interesting and unique stories. I hope you enjoy. -MDH