towards the hallway. The room became dizzier and before she could trip or ask him to slow down, Ron had slinked an arm around her waist and supported most of her body weight. Laying down the last of her resistance, Hermione let go and allowed him to carry her. Pausing briefly by Harry's door, Ron called out goodnight to their friend. Harry opened it within seconds and stood against the frame, taking in the scene before him. They were clearly reconciled, causing Harry's mouth to twitch in an amused expression. "Be good to each other," he said sternly, his eyes glinting mischievously. "Planning on it, mate. See you bright and early." Hermione allowed herself to be half walked, half carried to Ron's messy bedroom. There wasn't much in there aside from an overflowing dresser and Cleansweep Eleven propped up in the corner, and he certainly hadn't made any real effort to decorate the place. His mother's patchwork quilt was the only real pop of color against the white walls, and Hermione was quick to change into one of Ron's abandoned shirts while he went to brush his teeth. They'd mutually decided to skip on dinner, a decision Hermione knew Ron would likely regret in a few hours. She was already laying on her side facing the wall when he came back, her legs tucked under the sheet. Ron quietly closed the door and banished the lights with a flick of his wand before crawling in next to Hermione. She shivered as the bed dipped to accommodate his weight, relishing in the scent and nearness of him. "Hermione?" he whispered, turning also to his side behind her. "Hmm?" "Would it be alright if I, erm…" Curiosity got the better of her and she shifted her hips, grateful that the lights were off so he wouldn't see her blush. "What?" Instead of speaking, she felt his strong arm come around her side and pull her gently towards him. She involuntarily groaned as his firm chest pressed fully against her backside, their feet touching at the opposite end. It was delicious – she wanted to push back more snugly against him, but nerves got the better of her. "Is this okay?" Ron whispered, velvety voice dangerously close to her left ear. She nodded, beaming in the darkness even though he couldn't see her face. They lay there for several moments and Hermione grew less and less sleepy. Merlin, this feels nice. Tell him! "Ron?" she asked softly, noticing the shift of her pillow as Ron's other arm snaked underneath it to bring their bodies even closer. "Are you tired?" He grunted in reply before removing the arm around her waist, allowing her to turn onto her back. "Wasswrong?" he murmered through a yawn. Hermione twisted her head on the pillow to face his, realizing how close his neck was even in the darkness. "Did you mean what you said earlier? About…about making it up to me?" Hermione couldn't believe the words that tumbled from her mouth. She sounded…flirtatious. Coy. Perhaps it was the effects of the brandy that had brought on this daring side of her. Her face suddenly burned with awareness of what she'd uttered to the boy who was clearly more than a friend, but not really defined as anything else. She felt him tense next to her, obviously taken aback as well by her question. Before things turned too awkward, she decided that it was now or never. He'd made the first move – it was time to reciprocate. Summoning every ounce of Gryffindor courage, she shifted towards him and rested her face against his neck. One leg draped over his midriff, causing Ron to emit a puff of air from his mouth in surprise. Hermione almost yelped in surprise as she felt his arms go around her and pull her up so that she was completely splayed on top of him, like a blanket. Her right leg remained hooked on one side of his body while the other straightened out over top of him. She pressed an openmouthed kiss to the side of his neck and grasped his shirt in both hands, not quite trusting that she wouldn't teeter over one side of him. "If you'd like to properly square things up, I think I'd like to make good on that promise," Ron whispered huskily. Hermione heated up, wanting nothing more than to writhe over top of him but choosing to remain perfectly still. It was his move now. Ron must have sensed her tense up because she felt his arms begin to move over top her back, rubbing back and forth over the thin cotton of his borrowed shirt from her shoulder blades to the small of her back. Hermione wondered if he could feel the swell of her chest pressed against his sturdy front. His hot breath was at her temple, then the kisses began. He successively planted them down her face, searching out her lips. She was too low on his body, causing a giggle to erupt from her chest as Ron could only reach her nose. She lifted her head and captured his lips in a searing kiss – so abruptly intense that they both moaned into each other. Merlin, he's good at this. Her body was on fire and she began moving slowly over top of him, delighting in the friction. His tongue was relentless, meeting hers over and over. "'Mione," he gasped, pulling away from the searing kiss. "Are you sure?" She grinned, taking in his shadowy face. His body felt just as warm as hers, and she wanted nothing more in that moment than to feel him without the barrier of clothing between them. His hips were shifting slightly under hers, building a magnificent pressure. "Yesss," she hissed, rising up from him to pull off the cotton shirt. "Make it up to me, Ronald." A/N: TBD if you guys want! I have some ideas of where to take the next chapter. ;)