the sturdier looking wheel and trousers rolled up to their knees. The outhouse roof dipped alarmingly in the middle, the windows had no glass only wooden shutters open in the bright summers day. The building was packed to the rafters with what seemed to be disordered piles of everything and anything in between which there were three more red heads, one a plump middle aged woman who looked like the mother of the other four, and a waif like blonde. "Hogwarts?" The woman asked Mistress Mallory. "Yes, Hermione made it." Mistress Mallory replied. "Are your youngest two off this year ,Molly?" "Yes, I'm so proud of them." Molly said. She caught the two children tight to her. "I'm Molly Weasley, we live over in the Burrow. These are my youngest boy Ron, our only girl Ginny and our neighbour Luna Lovegood. They'll be joining you at Hogwarts this year." "Pleased to meet you ma'am" Hermione said politely. "I'm Hermione Granger." "Why don't you four go outside with Fred and George until Mr Edgecomb comes back with the wands?" Mrs Weasley said. Ron grabbed her hand and dragged her out before she could comment. "They'll be talking adult stuff and complaining about the cost of robes and things." "Mistress Mallory is your guardian. It's her responsibility to worry about adult things for now." Luna said dreamily. "They'll come and get us when Mr Edgecomb comes back." Ginny cut in. "I wish we could have new wands." Ron gripped. "I've read they work much better than second hand wands." Hermione added. "But second hand wands don't cost 7 Galleons." Luna moaned plopping herself down on one cart. "Edgecomb's has the best selection of second hand wands in Britain." One of the two older boys said draping himself over Hermione and Ron. "Never fear." The other one said draping himself over Ginny and Luna. "You'll match a wand and be rivalling your brother in pranking." "In you come, dears." Mrs Weasley yelled from the door triggering a stampede as Fred and George joined them. Mr Edgecomb had laid out a spread of wands across the counter on warm supple leather. "Pick up each one in turn give it to me if it reacts. We'll chose the best match." "Ron you're the oldest you go first." Mrs Weasley nodded to him. He walked up to the table and gave the first wand a hesitant wave drooping slightly when nothing happened. It took five wands for one to react to him shooting light green sparks. "Ash and dragon heartstring not quite try again." Mr Edgecomb told him. Ron went through another six wands before picking up an elegantly twisted wand and causing flowers to rain down over Ginny, Luna and Hermione. "Ash and Coral, 13 inches. That's a very good match. Who's next?" Mrs Weasley nodded at Ginny who giggled and ran up to the counter. The first wand she picked up caused a down pour of water. "I don't think we'll find a better match than that. Hazel and Kelpie Mane. Only seven inches good for a growing sprout. Next it's?" Mistress Mallory pushed Hermione lightly forward. The first wand she touched set fire to Mr Edgecomb's beard, the second made a massive bang that made the piles of stuff rock and the third and fourth did nothing at all. "When were you born child?" Mr Edgecomb asked "19th September 1980, sir." Hermione said worried. He hadn't needed to ask any questions for Ginny or Ron. "By the Celtic calendar vine or bramble. Bramble wands are extremely rare but these are my vine wood wands." He pushed six wands forward. "Try those as you were." None of them were brilliant matches but nothing exploded when Hermione touched them. "This one seems to be the best I can do for you young lady." Mr Edgecomb said handing her a plain light wand. "10½ inches Vine wood with a Unicorn tail hair. If you come back next year with that wand in good condition I'll swap you for a better match. Last but definitely not least up you come Luna." Luna stepped up last grasping the first wand firmly and seeming not to care at all when nothing happened. She blinked slightly when the third she picked up made a sound like a car back firing and quickly put it down. The fifth wand she picked up cast a stream of silver sparks and made her smile. "This one please." "A good choice Miss Lovegood. That is 16 inches of Willow and Unicorn hair. Perfect for a moon child." Mr Edgecomb smiled and tucked Luna's wild curls behind her ear. "I think that's everyone. That will be a galleon for each wand. Please." Mrs Weasley handed over some robes as well before fishing out five gold galleons, three silver sickles and ten bronze knuts from her enormous hand bag. Mistress Mallory passed over a galleon, 12 sickles and 13 knuts. "I'll be in tomorrow with the rest of my lot for their St James stuff." Mrs Weasley said suddenly, "You four come here I'll teach you your first two charms. Hold your wands and then turn a tight circle around the top of your heads and slash down." She demonstrated with her own. "The incantation is esse elegans, Es-ay Le-gan" They copied her feeling their heads tingle looking around they could see their hair looked neat, clean and more controlled. "And the one you'll find more interesting needs a sharp poke," Mrs Weasley thrust her wand violently forward, "the incantation is Ffwrdd, Foo-rth. Try it on that rack" She turned them towards a rack of heavy winter cloaks that thumped satisfactorily against the wall when they copied her. "It's an easy knock back spell. If you ever need to get away from someone, cast it. Don't let me hear of you using it inappropriately." Mrs Weasley smiled. "I'll pick you up on Monday, Hermione, to go to the Alleys. It was nice to meet you. "