It's fine." "Alright, where is this stale pretzel, hmm." "Stale pretzel?" "Well… yes." "Care to explain yourself?" "No… I don't think so." "It will give you more time to find her." He pushes. He looks down at her hand that is still on his arm. Interesting. Hermione looks embarrassed as her cheeks turn a sweet shade of pink. "Alright, I'm sure whoever she is, she's basically a contortionist and you've probably kicked her to the curb because you've used her all up… hence, stale pretzel." "You think very highly of me, don't you?" Hermione laughs and it's a beautiful sound. "I think it's her." Hermione points west with her chin and Sarah is most certainly standing to the east side. She is so wrong. But, Draco can't help himself, before looking he says, "I know you're wrong, because she's not even on that side of the building," he looks to the west, "but I want to see just who you think-" and Hermione is actually right… it's Emily. Fuck. "You know… She's not blonde." "Well, they don't all have to be blonde, do they Draco?" "No," he grins at her, "They really don't... So, tell me, what made you think it was her?" His heart is beating out of his chest and he knows… something is up. Do Emily and Sarah know about each other? Merlin! This is what you get for messing around with two women at once! Did they plan this? They did ! They are trying to set me up. No. No, Draco. You are just paranoid. This is a new club; they just came for the nightlife, no doubt. You're just making a blunder of nothing. No big deal. "Well, she certainly looks the part, doesn't she?" she leers. "I suppose. I don't know." It's not a big deal. "It's also the fact that she barely taken her eyes off of you and she's glaring a hole through my head when she does." "Ehm. Well." "So, obviously, I was wrong? You said she wasn't on that side of the building?" The bar is still spinning slowly, "tell me, which side is she on?" "I'll just tell you where she is…" He glances around, "Under the balcony, by the fountain." And sure enough, to the east wing of the building, is striking woman sitting with a man who could be a GQ model. She's pissed off. Looks as if steam could be coming out of her ears. "Oh." "What?" "She's… brunette." "And this fascinates you because?" "Because, I always fancied you with blondes. Isn't that obvious?" "You know, Pansy's a brunette as well." "She's not blonde, but she's certainly not brunette, Draco . " Oh, his name on those lips sounds… remarkable. "Whatever, she's not blonde." Be nonchalant. These bitches are planning something. They have to be. Fuck. "Do you still see her?" "Good god, no!" She giggles, covering her mouth slightly with the back of her hand. Draco briefly forgets about his current frets and Hermione is all that is in his mind. I would love to see that smile. "You shouldn't do that you know." "Shouldn't do what? Laugh? You know, Malfoy-" "No, I like your laugh. You shouldn't hide your smile." "I- what?" She stutters, clearly surprised by his compliment, "I don't think-" And in an instant her bar stool is whipped around and there stands Emily, the first girl Hermione picked out of a line up. "Who do you think you are? You look like an ass peddler someone pulled out of the gutter." She snaps at Hermione. "Excuse me?" she's appalled. Shit. Yeah, they definitely planned this. I'm not paranoid. "Draco, what the fuck is this? You're cheating on me with more than just her?" She points her thumb at Sarah, who is currently waiting to step onto the lazy Susan. "Why didn't you tell me I was right!? You lied!" Hermione smacks his arm. "Wait, what?" "Oh honey! He's done more than just lie to both you and me!" Sarah saunters over, livid. "What in the damn hell is going on here?" "Yes, Draco. Seriously, what is going on here? I thought this was an ex- and you didn't know this one?" Hermione asks him calmly, knowingly digging his grave. He deserves to suffer for this. Such a smarmy little shit. "You said I was an ex?" Sarah looks as if she's ready to kill. "You said you didn't know me?!" Emily just looks saddened by the news. "I-I, look. This is complicated. I can explain. And, Hermione, I never said I didn't know her. I just didn't comment on it." "Explain what?" Emily is blatantly worried for Draco. She looks as if she wants nothing more than to coddle him and pet his head. "Hermione, I can feel you sneering at her from here." Draco reprimands, "She's a sweet girl." He adds in an undertone. "No, I'm not. I'm waiting for your explanation." "I didn't think I had to explain anything to you?" "Well, no, you don't. I'm just wanting to see how you're going to get out of this one, almighty Malfoy." She is clearly irritated. There goes that. "Look, Sarah, Emily. We didn't have anything serious, right? It was just casual dating, right?" "Oh? Oh! Just casual! 'Nothing serious,' he says!" Sarah mocks him. "You know what Draco Lucius Malfoy? I am DONE with you! Absolutely, irrevocably finished! No more late night phone calls, no more witty banter, or anything! Do not call me, ever. I would rather be eaten alive by a Cornish Pixie!" and she storms off. Emily looks torn, like she wants to hold him, all the while giving him a nice curb stomp. "What she said! Hmpf!" She chases Sarah down the steps, "Sarah! Sarah! That was good right?" "Argh!" Sarah can be heard all the way out of the club. "So. What did we miss?" Ginny walks up, clearly disheveled with Blaise trailing behind, looking more than pleased with himself. "A fucking ambush."