so hard, to do it but he couldn't form the spell. In order to use the killing curse you have to have absolute hate in your heart. You have to want the target dead. The spell could not be used to save a child from a horrible fate. All attempts to cast it fizzled out. Voldemort had to be the one to cast it, it was his go to spell. Any other death eater would most likely use something else and Harry was immune only to the killing curse. He could die just as easy from any other spell... This meant Albus had to make it even more personal, had to goad the Dark Lord into trying to kill Harry himself. It was the child's safest bet. Hopefully he wouldn't be a child when this all went down. Hopefully Harry would be a grown man and have the plan explained to him. The boy might want to fight but it was better to use him as bait, use him to weaken the dark lord so the Order could take him down. First they have to destroy the other Horcruxes... no first they need to figure out how many there are and where they are located. Lucius Malfoy had one but he was having trouble tracking the others with it... Lucius was a cruel bastard who wanted nothing more then to wipe all muggles from the face of the Earth but he was not an idiot. He knew the Dark Lord was insane and would be the end of all magic. Lucius had been helping the Order fight Voldemort when he could but mostly he was a free lancer, destroying the man from the inside. He was a powerful ally who played his part as their enemy very well... probably because he would turn on them whenever was most convenient... it was too bad Harry insulted the man's son when the boy offered his friendship... but then again little Draco had just insulted Ron and Harry was fiercely protective of the ginger even after the short time they spent together... Still it would have been useful for Harry to be friends with the Malfoy heir. That could have given Dumbledore greater influence over Lucius (and no doubt Lucius thought it would do the same for Dumbledore)... politics, it was common for children to get swept up in them. Thank Merlin it was the summer. The Weasleys would make sure Harry didn't see the paper highlighting his abuse and by the time school rolled around this would have become old news for the other children. This really wasn't going to help relations between muggles and wizards. He left Harry in Petunia's care because he trusted her. That vile woman, Albus would have them sent to Azkaban if it wasn't for Harry's sensitive soul. A muggle prison would have to do... Lily would be proud of Harry. He was so like her, so forgiving. Albus was currently working on getting the Dursleys imprisoned, gaining custody of their son on the grounds of the necessity to keep up the blood wards, and arranging for the Weasleys to be made the legal guardians of Harry Potter. Albus would still be the Magical Guardian and although he could legally look after Harry himself he was far too old to keep up with the boy and really didn't like the idea of acting as disciplinary when he could be the loving grandfather. This meant he was effectively appointing the Weasleys as the boy's nannies who would gain legitimate custody of the child upon his death as he was an old man and did not expect he had many more years ahead of him. Albus sighed looking at the front page of the morning paper, once again covering Harry's abuse and shaming Dumbledore for his inaction. Today's topic was how Dumbledore waved off the mandatory physical all Quidditch players must go through before being allowed to play at school. Albus was worried his Med Witch would say Harry was to weak and frail to play Quidditch, as she was a rather overprotective women and Harry was so small for his age. As the boy's magical guardian he could give his permission for the boy to play anyway and it just seemed like such a hassle that would undoubtedly embarrass and upset Harry so he used his position as headmaster to ignore it all together. The paper was kind enough to point out that if Dumbledore hadn't done that and acted more responsibly Harry's abuse would have been discovered at the beginning of the school year. It was little wonder Harry thought he not only knew about the abuse but was covering it up... it still pained Albus so much to know the child he loved, the closest thing he had to a grandson, could ever think something like that. Albus willful ignorance had hurt the boy so much but he just didn't want to think Petunia was capable of that. She was Lily's s sister. Albus had known her since she was a child. After what he turned little Tom into Albus always tried to think the best of people and not accuse them of anything without some pretty damning proof. It seems he just traded one extreme for another. He really was far too old. ### A/N: This is part of my Paradox Unleashed crossover universe but I'll be focusing mostly on the Harry Potter Franchise. Still you may see creatures and Characters from others occasionally but they will not play a large role in the main plot. In order for this fic to fit in my universe I'm using the 'Time is always being rewritten' concept from Doctor Who. I'm reusing many of my ideas from my fic 'American Warts' which was a American Dragon Jake Long crossover with Harry Potter so that, without the crossover element, I'll be able to focus more on them. I will still be working on American Warts so don't worry.