to take the initiative and finish it were ruthlessly deflected. "Dammit… Salaza-ar… Could you, PLEASE, fuck me already? " The sound of a deep rumbling chuckle seemed to reverberate through his stressed body. "Ah, and all you had to do was to ask nicely. How can I disagree?" Salazar stopped the ministrations for a moment and stretched his hand to the nightstand for a strategically placed bottle. Harry sighed in relief, thankful and at the same time disappointed for this moment of freedom. He giddily reached his hand to his hurting erection that seemed to beg its owner to come already… Only for his hand to be slapped. "Ouch!" "Oh no, you don't. You are going to come from my touch alone, Harry…" Salazar moved back to his position above Harry and made a show of coating his dick with the lube. Harry was watching the sight in rapture. Then the man poured the generous amount of the slick liquid on his right hand's fingers. The drops of lube fell down on the silk sheets, marring the fabric. "Spread you legs," Salazar's voice was low and husky. Harry obeyed immediately. He was so crazed with lust that he would either come or pass out very soon. The man placed the oiled hand on the inner side of the teen's thigh and moved it straight behind the balls, bypassing the erection altogether. The forefinger circled his anus teasingly and then pushed inside. Harry tried to relax. The feeling was odd but not unwelcome either. It heightened the pleasure even more. Soon the finger was joined by the other one, and Harry winced at the sudden twinge of hurt, but the pain was so mild that it could be very well overlooked. The teen closed his eyes and concentrated on the sensations. Salazar scissored the fingers. Stretched him and coated his insides . The sensation was so intimate that it made Harry feel utterly vulnerable and exposed. The digits suddenly grazed over a spot that caused a spike of sharp pleasure race through his body. He cried out and saw stars but still didn't come. Harry suspected that some evil magic was at play here. He wouldn't put it past this Slytherin. "Enough! I am ready!" The man just smirked at him but thankfully complied. He aligned the tip of his long cock to Harry's entrance and carefully pressed it inside. Harry couldn't take the agonizingly slow pace any longer. He didn't care if he hurt himself in the process. He relaxed his inner muscles as well as he could and pushed himself onto the member in one smooth jerk of his hips. "Oh…" Harry groaned out. It hurt, it actually hurt, but the pain was inseparable from pleasure. He felt filled and full. He choked on the air and arched his back, trying at the same time to regain his breath. "Silly child… You shouldn't be in a hurry…" Salazar whispered in his ear and kissed him languidly, mimicking with his tongue movement that was all too soon to follow. The careful withdrawal stroked his prostate and Harry moaned. The small movements back and forth stretched Harry's walls further and soon the strokes became harsher, longer and quicker. It was indescribable and melted Harry's flesh. The pressure kept steadily growing. Harry clenched his hands on Salazar's back, digging the nails into the muscled flesh. Another thrust from Salazar hit his prostate dead on and the teen cried out, his consciousness blurring in white-hot pleasure. His member ejaculated long and plenty, dirtying his and Salazar's stomachs. The founder's stamina was astounding, he still kept going. Shifting Harry's arse higher in the air he continued thrusting. Harry regained his faculties and gazed at Salazar in appreciation. His spent cock twitched from its slumber again from the prostate abuse. The wizard was beautiful in his disheveled state, the dark eyes looked at him in passion and the face was contorted in pleasure. The man leaned down and captured Harry's lips in a bruising kiss. The hot wetness spread in Harry's backside, and he felt the invading him flesh softening. The kiss turned gentle, and Harry wound his hands into Salazar's hair, his body relishing in the weight holding him down, the stickiness and the still filled anus. He never expected that sex with a male would provide him with such satisfaction. Salazar moved his face away and lifted his upper torso on the elbows. The utter devotion and admiration in the older man's eyes made Harry's heart skip a beat and think that maybe it wasn't just happening because of the debt. Maybe, the founder actually felt something for him… No! The young wizard pushed the thought into the back of his mind. It was useless to hope and useless to become infatuated. Just sex, just for conceiving an heir… Great sex, though. With that memorable experience in his mind, Harry answered Salazar's gaze with his own – open and appreciative – and smiled sweetly. "You're gorgeous, Harry…" the words slipped from the founder's lips and he himself seemed surprised by their sincerity. The seriousness was not something the teen wanted now, so he replied happily: "You're not too shabby yourself, Salazar," Harry laughed jovially and sat up in order to reach those red and glistening from saliva lips. A beautiful reminder of their activities. The young wizard shifted their position so that he was lying on top of the older man. He sighed contently and continued on with the kissing. It was unbearably sweet. Just for tonight he wanted to indulge himself. "Can we sleep like this?" asked Harry in an uncharacteristically timid manner. "Whatever you want, Harry. I'll be happy to oblige," Salazar's smile was gentle and reassuring. "Sweet dreams," wished Harry and continued to cuddle the warm body. His breathing soon slowed and evened, his consciousness blanketing. He was already deeply asleep, when Salazar stroked his back in reverence and whispered: "Who needs dreams, when the reality is so much better…"