bought it through the Goblins. Never actually been to it but the Goblins were thorough in their questions of what I would want in an estate and used their magic to build it all for me in Hogsmeade. They promised it be finished in an hour and it's been several" "Hogsmeade? Goblins? An hour!?" Tom's head was spinning "Yeah I had a good bit of culture shock to when I was first brought into the magical world. I'd love to tell you 'you'll get used to it' but I still haven't... and part of me hopes I never do. Magic should stay, well, magical" Tom nodded his understanding. "So who's your friend?" Slytherin asked looking at the box Tom hesitantly opened the box and pulled out the Snake "This is Mouse Gobbler" "Mouse Gobbler?" The man smiled amused, that was good wasn't it? Tom blushed a bit all the same "It's the only name he'd agree to. He really didn't want one but I didn't want to just go around calling him 'Snake' all the time" "Snakes can be funny when it comes to names" Slytherin agreed "No kidding" Tom snorted well Slytherin introduced himself to Gobbler "It's nice to meet you Mouse Gobbler" The snake nodded his and gave a similar greeting. "My what handsome scales you have. You must be quite deadly to display such colors" The snake beamed at Slytherin with clear pride. "He's a boa" Tom looked confused "He's not even poisonous" The snake glared at Tom for that "You don't need to be poisonous to be deadly" Slytherin assured and the snake nodded adamantly "He's just trying to butter you up" Tom told his friend who scowled "I am not so harmless as you might think hatchling!" "Please you've never even bitten anyone before" Tom rolled his eyes The snake's jaw dropped, looking completely affronted "Why you rude little brat!" the snake hissed "You don't even have any fangs!" "Got lots of teeth though" Tom opened his mouth to show off his teeth "FLAT TEETH! What good are they!?" the snake glared The boy and his snake playfully bickered for a little bit until the car got out of the city. Once no cars were around them the limo suddenly jerked forward. Tom was thrown back in his seat as the trees zoomed by at impossible speeds. The car started jumping up and down from bumps but it still took Tom a minute to realize they were off road. Everything blurred together until the car suddenly stopped and Tom nearly flew out of his chair. Gobbler screamed "What madness was THAT!?" just as the door opened. A tinny creature with huge floppy ears and a long sharp nose greeted them. "We is welcoming you Master Slytherin sir!" the creature spoke in a high pitch squeak with a huge smile on his face "Twinkle is head elf and most happiest to serve most honorable new Master Slytherin" "errr Thanks" Slytherin looked a bit awkward as he stepped out of the car "This is my ward Tom" he signaled Tom to come out and boy hesitantly did. Slytherin was studying the pillow case the elf was wearing as it greeted Tom "Would it be okay if you and the others wore uniforms? I know I can't give you clothes but can't you go into town and purchase some fabrics to make your own?" The elves eyes started to tear up "Master Slytherin would give Twinkle such an honor of a uniform" "Errrr yeah, for you and the others to" Slytherin pulled out an old time coin purse and handed it over to the creature "Make sure they're nice and give me the purse back when your done shopping" "O-of course Great Master Slytherin!... A-after the tour?" the creature asked "With how detailed the goblins were in their blueprints I'm sure I already know where everything is. Go have fun picking out fabrics. Deciding on a uniform should be a task for the head elf no?" "Yes Master Slytherin!" The creature cheered before popping away in a puff of smoke. "W-was that your... slave?" Tom almost didn't ask "Well not exactly" Slytherin nervously scratched his cheek "House Elves like serving people. They actually bind themselves to a wizarding family with their own magics. They believe it is a terrible insult to be offered money in exchange for their services and the greatest dishonor there is for them is for their master to release them from service. Lots of people forget that just because house elves like to be given orders they aren't weak. Elves are actually much more powerful then wizards. Only Dragons have more magical energy. They just... have an odd set of cultural norms" Tom nodded, trying to process this. "Honestly house elves make me feel a tad guilty even if they like doing it but if I offered them freedom most will start crying hysterically and begging me not to do it. Just treat the elves kindly and there won't be a problem" Tom nodded again as Slytherin walked them inside. More elves were getting the boy's belongings out of the trunk. "The Goblins provided the elves along with the house" Slytherin informed "I didn't really have a choice in the matter" "What do you mean?" Tom asked "I'm not really used to... any of this" Slytherin confessed "I grew up with very little and it was only after I came of age could I claim my ancestral name. I'm really don't know what I'm supposed to do now that I'm a Lord. The Goblins insisted there were some things a person in my position has to have. An overly large home filled with elves to care for it is one of them" he shrugged "Let's go check it out" Tom smiled staring at the huge house on the outskirts of town. His new home and his new life was about to begin, in world of magic. After all, he was the heir of Slytherin.