here he was. Facing a crowd of children with, more importantly, Tom Riddle among them. After playing nice and greeting all the kids (though that was a bit of a misnomer as several teenagers were among them as well) Harry asked if he could have a tour and was granted his request, he used some subtle mind magic to get the Matron to suggest young Tom Riddle as his guide. "This is where we play when it is nic outside." Tom said in a polite, if monotonous, tone. "Would you like to go upstairs now sir?" "Actually, I was wondering if I could speak with you." Harry said as he took of his hat and kneeled down so he could look Tom in the eye. "Why?" Tom said as his guard came up, wary of this stranger. "Tom, has anything… strange ever happened to you before?" Harry asked, curious if to see how Tom would react. Harry wasn't disappointed as Tom's as widened and his mouth fell slightly open before he managed to regain control of his facial muscles. "I'm sure I don't know what you mean sir." Tom tried to prevaricate. Harry chuckled before bringing his hand up. "Don't play me for a fool boy." He said as his hand caught fire. Tom, who had tensed preparing for a blow, was once more struck dumb as he witnessed Harry's little feat. "H-how..?" Tom stammered as his hand came up to touch the fire. At this Harry closed his hand, snuffing out the flame. "Magic," he said. "That was magic, something both you and I can do." "Both of us?" Tom asked as he stared at Harry's hand his mind still lingering on the flame that had been there. "Yes, both of us, and more too. We aren't the only ones. Around one percent of the world's population are wizards or witches." Harry explained. "Wizard?" "Yes, you and I are wizards. Those with the ability to perform magic, either with a wand," here Harry pulled out his wand to show Tom before putting it away once more. "Or wandlessly, like with the fire I just conjured." Tom finally regained his bearing after being hit with all this knowledge and glared at Harry before taking a small step back and slightly balling his fists. "Why are you telling me this?" He asked as he threw his power at Harry in order to force him to tell the truth. Harry just chuckled and bat the tendril of magic away with his own power causing Tom to gasp as he experienced a magically backlash for the first time. "You aren't nearly powerful enough to catch me with that yet, kid. The reason I'm telling you this is simple. I want to adopt you." Harry said with a small smile. "Why?" Tom blurted without meaning to, though he still wanted an answer. Why did this powerful man want HIM, or all people. Tom didn't know exactly how much one percent of the population was but he assumed it was a lot. If there were so many wizards and witches out there why would this man want him? His own father didn't want him and no one who had ever came by had wanted to adopt him so why this man? Finally an idea struck him. "Is it because I have magic too?" Harry grimaced internally. If ever there was a time to go back and change his mind about this whole crazy idea now was it. He couldn't though for he recognized the look on the young boy's face. It was one Harry had had on his face before he had grown jaded to the world and Sirius had died. He sighed and placed a hand on Tom's shoulder before giving him a small smile. "Yes," Harry began at this Tom's face fell slightly before growing cold until Harry continued. "And no. Yes, I do want to adopt you because of your power so that I can teach you how to harness it responsible, and no because I see something of myself in you Tom." "What do you mean?" The boy asked. Harry smiled ruefully as he said something an older Tom had once told him. "We're really very similar. I see something of the kid I once was in you and I want to give you something that I never got, something that I desperately needed." "What?" "A place to belong. A place to be me, a place where I didn't have to worry about bullies or danger or my life even. That's something I want to give you, Tom." Tom lowered his head to stare at the ground as thoughts raced through his mind. Should he take this man up on his offer? Should he accept this adoption? What the man was offering was tempting to the extreme for Tom. It was like offering water to man stranded in the desert. A place to belong…? No. That wasn't what Tom wanted, Tom just wanted to learn from this man that was all. After all this man had conjured fire in his hand, as well as the fact that he had a wand something that Tom wanted for himself. That was all. He just wanted to use him to better himself. Harry watched as Tom ran through a gamut of emotions, he just kept his hand on the boy's shoulder before he squeezed it in reassurance and brought Tom's attention back to him. He smiled once more. "So, what do you say?" "Yes." A/N: Alright so I hope you guys liked that. If you really liked it you should definitely leave a review and tell me what you think. I'll take any criticisms you have so that I can get better at this whole writing thing. I know making Harry a Peverell is a bit cliche but that's because it works. Anyway that's all from me, if you have any ideas or, like I said before, criticisms be sure to leave a review.