amass his followers and solidify his hold. True Death Eaters have been working for him for the past year, but this presents him a chance to get some new recruits. Many of his old Death Eaters were weakened by their stay in Azkaban, so he needs to replenish his army. Fortunately, 13 years of anti-Death Eater rhetoric has weakened the pool he can draw from." "So it is harder for him to get followers then last time?" said Harry, feeling confused. It had seemed like there had always been a group of Death Eaters in waiting at Hogwarts. Remus smiled. "Most definitely. When you-know-who first rose to power he was a rather public figure. He gave speeches, petitioned for law changes and basically worked within the legal structure for several years. While a radical in his views, he was also charismatic and presented some good arguments." "What!? How can you possibly-" "Relax Harry." Said Remus "You know I don't support his views, but the fact remains that there was a reason people followed him. Thankfully, the past 13 years have done so much damage to his reputation that almost a whole new younger generation has grown up with him being seen as the enemy, at least in the eyes of the press. No one has written a positive article in the Daily Prophet about Voldemort in a long long time. Even children of Death Eaters, who grew up espousing the pureblood beliefs, knew that it would be very much against the political tide to outright state their views. It means that all recruiting for Death Eaters has to be done behind closed doors and whispered conversation. That is much more time consuming then say...holding conventions at the three broomsticks." "Voldemort used to hold conventions at The Three Broomsticks?" Said Harry faintly, feeling like the whole world had turned upside down. "Most definitely." Remus paused. "But we are getting quite off topic. Right now the most important thing for you to know is that you-know-who is trying to gain followers, but it is taking him a lot longer than it used to. This has left him pretty much relying on his loyal Death Eaters to poke around at the Ministry while he poses attacks to try and spread a feeling of terror throughout the community." Harry picked up the three Daily Prophets that were lying on the table, starting with the one that had today's date on it. He pursued the titles of the articles: 'Terror in Kent- 10 muggles killed' , 'Is Gringrotts safe? Did you-know-who give the goblins an offer they can't refuse?', 'Wizardmont meeting- what will they be discussing?', 'Lucius Malfoy allows Aurors to search Malfoy Manor'. Harry smiled feeling a little giddy. "Malfoy Manors being searched? I'm sure Malfoy is positively fuming. Finally getting what he deserves." "Yes, the Prophet had done nothing but publish Lucius Malfoy's firm arguments against the invasion of his privacy. Two days ago, there was something about one of his lawyers sighting the statute of Wizarding Space act from 1312." Remus said blandly as he pursued his eggs. "Wow. He can give comments from Azkaban? How is that possible? Shouldn't he be batty by now?" Said Harry "If he were in Azkaban, he may well have been." Wait. Hold on. Harry's stomach sank. "What do you mean were ? How can he not be in Azkaban? He was at the Ministry of Magic that night- in June!" Remus sighed, as if he had known this would come up. "Lucius Malfoy has many friends in very high places, more blackmail material in his little pinky then Rita seekers quick notes quill and several Gingrots vaults packed to the brim...the world is not a fair place." "That's-That's..." At a loss for words Harry finally just threw out the first things that had come to mind. "So ridiculously fucked up! I can't believe this!" To his surprised Remus simply agreed and offered no more words of encouragement. Harry glared back at the news paper as if it had personally offended him. All those day dreams of rubbing it in Malfoys face shattered by a big pocketbook. When he got back to school he was sure that Malfoy would be entirely insufferable, more than usual. What kind of corrupt system was this? Giving up all faith in humanity, he looked at the next most interesting article. "Should I be withdrawing all my money from Gringrotts?" Remus glanced at the article. "You've nothing to worry about. The Goblins could not care less about what is going on in the wizarding world and will remain firmly neutral. Nobody would be stupid enough to try and take control of Gringrott's from them." He pointed at the author's name. "Jacob Mckinley is a Death Eater. This article is meant to give you-know-who's supporters a 'legitimate' reason to remove large sums of money from their accounts. This money will then be 'donated to the cause' so to speak." Harry nodded. If there was one thing he had learned from the Dursley's and the Malfoy's it was the money meant power. Suddenly he felt nervous and his hunger evaporated. He pushed his breakfast away. "I think I am going to go settle in, suddenly not so hungry." Remus looked mildly concerned. "Alright. Go unpack. You will be here all summer." Harry stood and walked his plate over to the sink. "And Harry?" He turned back just before leaving. "Come and find me if there is anything you would like to talk about." Out loud he muttered the appropriate "Thanks Remus," but couldn't help scoffing at the suggestion internally. He knew they all expected him to be crying on peoples shoulders or yelling (like he had last year), but now was the time to suck it up and deal with it. After hearing the prophesy and the loss of his Godfather Harry had finally come to the hard to truth that there was no room for his own feelings in his hectic life.