we stick together. They can't prevent student friendships." Reassured, Harry nodded, but the moment was broken by a voice that crawled down Nico's back like a march of cold beetles. "Well, if it isn't Harry Potter," the voice said. Nico smirked, turned, and gasped dramatically. "Why, if it isn't Draco Malfoy ," he drawled, imitating the blond mockingly. Composing himself, he continued, "what on earth are you talking about, Malfoy?" "It's lovely that you recognize me," Draco commented smugly. "But you obviously don't know the right sort, do you?" "Oh, I don't know, I think we're all right sorts here," Nico replied. "After all, if they were left sorts, that wouldn't make any sense at all." There was some scattered giggling at this paradoxical statement, and Nico thought vindictively that he could hear Draco's headache begin. After a shocked moment, Draco continued, "It seems to me you don't know what i mean. There are the right sort, and the wrong sort, Potter. Look at you - walking around with a pair of muggleborn stock like a commoner. I know better. I can help you there." He shot out an arm and waited. Nico stared at Draco for a good three seconds before falling backwards laughing his head off. Harry was giggling hysterically, and Hermione herself looked so lost that she went with the flow and let out a few chuckles behind a hand. "What?" Draco demanded, his hand dropping. Nico gathered himself and rose to his feet. "You, of all people, should know," he replied. "I can't believe it. Draco Malfoy approaches an Heir, calls him Potter, insults his companions, and proceeds to request an alliance. Did you learn anything since the last time you tried to pull something this ridiculous, Heir Malfoy?" Draco paled so clearly you could see his skin turn white. He quickly backed away, but it was no use - he already had the attention of the whole first year. It would take ages for him to get over it. McGonagall coughed. "Ahem. Yes. The sorting will begin shortly. While at Hogwarts, your house will be your home…" The first years shifted nervously as students were called up, one by one, to be sent to their houses. It wasn't long, this time, before Nico was called, and he walked up with a confidence so clear that few doubted he would be in Gryffindor. He felt the hat go over his head and waited for the hat to make a decision. Interesting, very interesting, the hat mused, sifting through his thoughts and his mind. A mind sharp as steel, yes, you'd do brilliantly in Ravenclaw… and courage, plenty of courage, and a fear met and understood… cunning, such a swift mind, with a hint of humour that could transform Slytherin house forever… you're a toughie, aren't you? I've been told I'm quite an interesting individual, Nico replied. If it's alright with you, I'd like to ask a favour. Alright, just this once. What is it? The hat asked. Nico smiled. I'd like to wait to see which house Emeralds goes into. I want to be able to protect him. The hat shuffled through his head and let out a gasp. How did I miss this? One of the most powerful bonds of loyalty I've ever seen… how intriguing. Mr. Flamel, you would fit in any of the houses equally. I must admit I'm at quite a loss as to how to sort you. I believe I will follow up on your request, if only to sort you with those who will help you succeed. To the room, the hat cleared his throat and said, "Mr, Flamel, please stand to one side. You will be sorted after the rest of the first years." Considering it had been nearly six minutes, this was a shock. Nico made no hints as to his emotion, but placed the hat back on the stool and stood aside, watching the first years continue to be sorted. Hermione came shortly after, and after a good three minutes, and a couple of glances at Nico and Harry, the hat proclaimed, "RAVENCLAW!" the blue-bronze house clapped appreciatively as she sat down among them, next to a girl Nico recalled as being called Mandy. Finally, finally, Flitwick called, "Emmerson Rald!" Harry walked up to the hat and placed it on his head. After about three seconds, the hat laughed hysterically. Mr. Emerald, eh? The hat asked, amused. Mr. Potter, this is a most interesting development. I'd like to be sorted into Nico's house, please, wherever he may go, Harry insisted. But yes - it is interesting. I hope you haven't sorted anyone named Dudley lately. I don't believe so, no. The hat replied, a hint of amusement still apparent. You know, Nico said the same thing about you, wanting to be in the same house. I presume you're close? You're in my head, feel free to take a guess, Harry replied dryly. Yes, we're childhood friends. He's very important to me. It is nice, to see ones so young with such valuable friendships, the hat mused. Yes - I believe that is far to important to allow you to go anywhere else. Here's to that little part of you that wants to make friends, Harry. "HUFFLEPUFF!" the hat cried, and Harry hopped off the stool and went to the friendly table. The rest of the sorting Nico ignored, and finally, the hat paused and remembered to sort him. "Mr. Flamel," the hat's material smirked, "to Hufflepuff." Harry leaped out of his seat in excitement, yelling out something along the lines of 'Hooray!'. The rest of the house got caught up in his excitement, and there was a resounding applause as Nico took a seat next to Harry, stoically accepting the sideways glomp that he was given. Let's see if I can't get Hufflepuff to win the house cup, Nico mused, grinning. Thoughts had, he immersed himself fully in the food and general buzz of excitement Hufflepuff had.