fell asleep. But then there was that thing that Scorpius had remembered and chosen not to share. Why? It had been something that both of them had experienced. Given some time, Rose may remember it on her own. Why not share it? Why keep it to himself? Rose needed to get to the bottom of it. "You remembered something," Rose stated, staring Scorpius down as he presented her with her pancakes. Scorpius looked at her quizzically. "Yes," he responded, drawing out the word with uncertainty. "I told you what I remembered." "No," Rose responded, her tone defiant," you remembered something you didn't tell me about. Something that happened after we stumbled out of the Sleazy Kneazle. I'm assuming something that happened before we arrived here, but that may not be the case. Now, tell me what you remembered. I deserve to know!" At the end of her little speech, almost as an added emphasis, Rose stood up from the small table. Her fists were clenched and her breath was quick and shallow. Scorpius looked up at her, a slightly surprised look on his face. After several seconds of tense silence, Scorpius seemed to give in. His shoulders slumped, his posture faltered, and he hung his head. He then reached out to Rose, grabbed her wrist, and tugged on it lightly. She complied with his request and sat back down at the table. Finally, Scorpius looked up at Rose, and his eyes looked pleading. He looked extremely guilty and, through his expression, was asking for her forgiveness. Rose tensed as a result, worried about what had happened the night before. "After we stumbled out of the bar, we walked down several streets. On the way to – I think your flat, but I'm not sure if we actually had a destination in mind. Anyway, on the way we walked by a church and I got this crazy idea to-" Scorpius paused and took a deep breath. Rose tensed further. "I got this crazy idea to get married." Rose and Scorpius stood outside his flat –'their marital home' as Rose had jokingly referred to it. They were, slightly drunkenly, wound around each other; their arms and legs were wrapped around various different body parts in a fairly uncomfortable fashion. But neither party seemed to care. They were too involved with each other, too busy with their mess and passionate kissing. The pair broke apart and Scorpius fished out his wand from his pocket. He placed it against his door and the locking mechanism opened. Having removed that obstacle, Rose and Scorpius embraced once again and stumbled into the flat. The alcohol, and the admissions of feelings, by Rose at the bar, and by Scorpius at the church, had fuelled their passion. As they made their way down the hall towards Scorpius' bedroom, it was like powerful magnets attached them. They couldn't keep their hands off each other. When they reached the bedroom, their kissing became more passionate and involved. Their hands began moving over the other's body more fervently. They then fell into Scorpius' bed. The moment Rose's head and body made contact with the soft, plushy mattress and pillow, she lost all her passion. The sedative effects of the copious amounts of alcohol hit her like a steam train. Only seconds after falling into bed, Rose was sound asleep. Scorpius and the events of the night previously completely forgotten. "Married?!" Rose exclaimed, leaping to her feet. "You thought we should-? And –and did we?" she asked the question in such a way that it was fairly clear she didn't want the answer. In response, Scorpius simply produced a frame with a legal looking certificate. Upon closer inspection, Rose discovered that it was indeed a marriage certificate between her and Scorpius. Feeling absolutely drained by the revelation, Rose sunk back into her chair at the kitchen table. "Why?" she managed to get out, "why did you suggest it?" "Well," Scorpius responded, a slight smile on his face, "there was a lot of brain altering alcohol involved." He left that hanging between the two, trying to see if she'd buy it as a valid excuse. "I guess," Rose responded, her voice hesitant, "but I've been drunk with attractive men before and never even thought about marrying them…" Rose's voice trailed off. One major difference between those previous instances and the night before was that she hadn't been in love with any of those men. And last night, she'd expressed those feelings to Scorpius. She'd thought he didn't remember, but maybe he did. "I told you I fancied you. Last night, I said I had since third year, for nearly fifteen years. And, I don't remember, did you- did you respond?" Rose looked so helpful at what his response would be. "I didn't at first. The bartender, and then your cousins, interrupted us. But, when I suggested getting married at the church I did." Scorpius took a shaky breath, and looked Rose right in the eye. "I said that I'd fancied you just as long, if not longer. I said that I used to bug Al into visiting with you just so I would have an excuse to be near you. I said that my feelings for you had only gotten stronger and that I've been basically in love with you since seventh year. You then responded in kind and we agreed to get married. "I didn't want to tell you about it in case your feelings were solely alcohol fuelled. I figured you could remain oblivious. I could deal with the annulment and you would go on with your life, none the wiser." Silence passed between the pair as Rose took in all that Scorpius had said. Finally, a wide smile crossed her face. "I'm glad you told me. It's much easier, and more pleasant, to be married to someone when you know that's the case." Rose then cut into her pancakes and enjoyed the warm breakfast prepared by her husband. The End