this what he thought it was? No, no, no, it could not to be, he could not endanger another person like that! No, but what if it was? A soul mate? Someone who would understand him even better than his friends did, no, he was being greedy, he had wonderful friends and now he had Padfoot back, he did not need a soul mate. No, point worrying over it till he sees what the tingle is after all, but who could, no, no focus, Remus, it is a Oorder meeting. " New members, the Weasleys and Miss Granger will be here next week," Professor Dumbledore was saying when he was interrupted. "What about Harry, Albus?" Sirius' tone was part longing and part concern. "He is safe where he is and will be brought here when the time is right. He needs to be at the Dursleys, you know that Sirius," the old man said before smiling around the table. Snape as usual was wearing a sneer but had surprisingly said nothing the entire meeting and did not say anything as he left the room, followed by other members except the pink haired aA uror. She leaned against the table, a woman who could be his; no don't think of that Remus, not until you are sure, he chided himself. "And that's my mate Moony," Sirius said, smiling at the woman and Remus' heart twisted. He was already charming her; he could see it from the way her eyes danced with laughter at his words. If Sirius...No, it's for her good, she would not want to associate with an unclean beast like him, no, Sirius was good for her. "Moony? Some nickname for Remus huh?" she asked smiling at him. "What can I say Nymphie, we Marauders were creative," Sirius said, chuckling as his cousin punched him on the shoulder with a growl of, "Ddon't call me that Sirius!" Smiling politely at the pair, Remus excused himself and moved towards the front door. While, he could stay in Grimm uauld Place, and Sirius would be ecstatic if he did stay, Remus choose to leave, if only to delay the interval between reaching his little cottage and seeing what the tingle was. His usual curiosity was buried under a sense of dread and as he apparated, he was torn between hope that he had a soul mate and the knowledge that no one would ever choose to be with him because of his condition. Reaching the clearing, he slowly walked home, opening the door with a simple Alo hoomora. Walking inside what appeared to be the ruins of a hut, Remus waved his wand in a complicated manner, revealing the true interior of the cottage. Fire cackled in the hearth with another swish of his wand and soon he was merrily making a cup of his favourite tea. Feb 17 Despite the slight tremble in his hands, Remus felt more at ease than he had when around Nymphadora, Moo ddy's first student in decades. It was ridiculous, he realized, to think that someone so young and whole and vibrant and so full of life, like her would be destined to be a with a penniless, dangerous and old monster like him. Even as he thought this, he recalled James and Lily, as at first it seemed theirs was a case of mistake by the universe as never seen before. Lily seemed to hate James and James; he knew she was the one for him, even before he had seen his mark. Remus had once wondered if it was because the mere idea of being with Severus disgusted him or because he truly knew but James had thrown him off with the answer, he had said that from the moment Lily had entered the compartment in the train, he had fallen in love. He loved the way she stood up for Snape, even if he hated the git, and he had said that if Severus would have been his soul mate, that would not have changed the fact that he, James Potter, loved Lily. Who said that your soul mate had to be the one you would love? In fact, James had been the one to support Sirius, when he decided to date Gibbon Prewett instead of Alice . That had been one of the many things that had drawn Lily to his friend. He was a romantic yet he believed that your soul mate was someone who understood you completely, but that soul mate did not have to be the one you fell for, that friendship is just as strong as love. Smiling at the thought of his friends, oh how he wished they were here; watching their son grow, Remus made his way towards his bedroom. He was no longer scared, even if she was his soul mate, it did not mean he had to force his presence on her. Smiling, he recalled the first time the boys had seen James' mark. Where they had expected something like "arrogant toe-rag" (could they be blamed? That's what Lily called James most of the time), they were shocked to see the words, "oh my! He looks like he just stepped out of my imagination." Of course, they didn't know the words were Lily's and many had often told James to leave Lily and try to find his soul mate, but James had known. He did not care who it was and he knew it had to be wither Lily or Severus, the latter who had no mark. Heavens knows, how much James had teased her about the words after he had confirmed they were hers. Taking off his shirt, Remus' eyes were drawn to his collarbone and there, they were, the words leading to his heart "He is so polite, unlike…" A/N- SO I did want it to be a one-shot and I think it is a cute ending here, but if reviews come I will continue it. Think I should continue it?