you're asleep. This is the only time I can see you without your mask." " Mask?" Draco inquired incredulously., flipping over to face his familiar. "What mask?" " Um… the one you use in front of other people," Oberon explained nervously. "Where you act like your dad." " That's the real me," Draco protested feebly. " No," Oberon shook his head, his mouth twitching upwards in amusement. "The real you is different. The real you treats me like a person instead of an object." Draco paled. "Do I do that?" " Treat me like an object?" Oberon repeated. "No. But you were the first to treat me like a person." The burst of power from his wand threw Draco bodily back onto the floor next to Oberon, who he noted fearfully was looking rather pale. Turning back to his patronus, he gasped. Standing, sword in hand, with some disturbing ashes at its feet, was a huge fairy. Draco decided he wasn't going to think about the implications of that. Slowly he realized he wasn't actually capable of dispelling the Patronus. It stood guard, a knight prepared for battle, and Draco took the chance to summon what energy he had left and send some healing charms onto Oberon, who was beginning to stir. "It's so cold," Oberon murmured quietly, squirming until Draco put a hand on Oberon's shoulder. "Stay still!" Draco hissed, pulling his wand away. "I need to aim this right or it'll diagnose you wrong!" Oberon stilled obediently, and a few seconds later Draco cast a quick diagnostic spell and relaxed. "Good, it's just an extreme reaction to Dementors," he breathed. "Can you stand? We need to get some chocolate in your system. It'll help." Oberon said nothing, merely allowing Draco to pull him up and help him along, tugging on his hand to lead him forward. In his robes, Selene stirred and hissed in concern as she coiled around his shaking body, wrapping him up in an attempt to lessen the tremors. Soon they were walking through small pockets of students, past unsorted first years and curious second years, fourth years trying to order everyone around while prefects raced about trying to make sure everyone was alright. "Oi, Malfoy, what happened to that bloke you got there?" A fellow Slytherin called, pulling Draco's attention away from his path. "He had a bad reaction to a Dementor," Draco explained quickly. "Does anyone know where that trolley is? He needs chocolate, fast." A few murmurs, and a rather flustered prefect came through, quickly handing the pair a chocolate frog before racing off again. Ripping it open, Draco snapped off a piece and shoved it into Oberon's hands. "Eat," he commanded, steeling himself to make sure the student body didn't think him soft. Oberon nodded and gave him a bright, glowing smile. He nibbled on the edge at first, quiet and slow, but as the effects kicked in he began to eat in earnest, allowing Draco to hand off bits of chocolate to him as he slowly recovered. It was a few minutes later that a rumpled teacher walked into the hall, two-thirds of the golden trio in tow. "Is everyone alright?" He asked tiredly, glancing between them. "You there, have you eaten any chocolate yet?" "He has," Draco confirmed, pulling himself up to his full height. "Oberon had an extreme reaction, sir, which is why he's still shaking. Have you got any spare chocolate?" "I do," the unknown professor confirmed, reaching into his bag and handing a substantial chocolate bar to Oberon. "Will you be alright, Oberon? I don't seem to recall you being on the student list." "I'm not a student," Oberon murmured, nibbling the chocolate. Swallowing, he continued, "I was told it would be explained at the feast." The man nodded amicably. "Well met, Oberon. Hopefully you'll feel better soon. I'm Professor Lupin, Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher." He reached out, and Oberon shook Lupin's hand slowly, searching the man's face for hints. Other than being rather tired, however, he found nothing suspicious, and tentatively relaxed. "Professor, there's more of them! We've blocked them off but they might break through the wards soon!" A prefect called. Lupin raced off, leaving the students to stand fearfully around the compartments. Draco was worried. Ever since the dementor, Oberon had been suspiciously quiet. He hadn't said anything while they were with Crabbe and Goyle, or Parkinson for that matter, but as they rode in their own chariot to Hogwarts, he decided to address the matter. "Are you alright, Oberon?" He asked quietly, watching Oberon's reaction closely. The muggle boy tensed and turned away, but otherwise stayed stoically unreadable. "I'm fine," he replied. "There's no need to worry." Draco sighed. "You're not fine," he reiterated firmly. "You're being strangely quiet. Is everything happening too quickly? Should I organize for you to just stay in the dorms? What happened to make you retreat into yourself?" Oberon gave him an unreadable look, turned away, and mumbled, "I failed." "Failed what?" Draco inquired stubbornly. "You're not being clear. "I failed to protect you!" Oberon hissed. "I'm your familiar! I should protect you, not the other way around!" With a childish huff he pulled up his legs and hid his face in his knees. "Oberon, that's not the point," Draco soothed, quickly switching seats to sit next to Oberon. "You couldn't have protected me from a Dementor. That's not how they work. I didn't expect you to protect me from the dementor." "Oh." Oberon relaxed a little. "You were perfectly safe? There was nothing I could do to protect you?" "You helped me as much as you could," Draco confirmed. "Without the magic reserves from you, I wouldn't have been able to manage a Patronus and protect myself. You did a great job." Oberon peeked out from where he'd propped his head on his knees. "You mean it?" Draco nodded, patting Oberon awkwardly on the back. "I mean it." They fell into a peaceful silence.