'Well, you certainly are a natural at that.' Ginny blushed at Hermione's words as much as the breathless pant that lay underneath, one that she was sure she had caused. 'Im going to have to return the favour.' 'We don't have too.' Ginny suddenly didn't want to pressure Hermione. 'We can just lay here for a bit.' 'I make it a rule never to just lie around when I have a gorgeous woman in my arms.' Hermione purred. Somehow Hermione made that sound so easy to say and so convincing as well. So much so that Ginny felt herself heating up just from her words, her temporarily forgotten desire returning in full force. So strong that she didn't even think about resisting as Hermione guided her to lie down in exactly the same pose she had been in before, the perfect position for Hermione to continue where she had been before she was interrupted. Only she didn't. Before Ginny could even think about preparing herself, first Hermione's breath brushed her lips, closely followed by her lips. And there was no teasing her. No slow kisses or soft licks. Hermione dived right in, her lips finding and closing around her clit. Not even sucking, just resting there. Still, it was too much for Ginny's hyper aroused state to process, her mouth open in a wordless cry of bliss that still somehow echoed in her head. Hermione must have felt the tension that gripped her because she only started to slowly suck and kiss the soft bud of her pleasure once Ginny herself was aware it had faded, replaced by a much more welcome tension bubbling up inside her. Slowly and carefully, like she was handling a priceless tome or something equally fragile, Hermione suckled her clit, never pulling her lips tight but never relaxing completely either. Ginny had been right, Hermione definitely knew what she was doing. Had Ginny been in her place, she would have most likely made Hermione come. And Hermione wasn't that far off from granting her that either, in her controlled way. All of Hermione's attention was completely on her now and it touched her deep down to her sole in a way she could never have imagined. Ginny panted and gasped. 'Oh..fuck..please.' All her anticipation built to this moment, as she prepared to give herself over to another woman fully for the first time. She could have been touching her breasts, but she wanted Hermione to be the only one touching her, leaving that prize for her. 'That's the idea.' Hermione grinned. Ginny tried not to move, to not finish this off so quickly. It was tempting but that was bring this wonderful moment to an end too soon. Too soon or not, that didn't stop Hermione nestling closer to lick and kiss, nuzzling her nose into her as she eat her out with a skill she really wanted to learn. Hermione paused as if asking her one last time if she wanted this, like she was getting ready to ease her into. Ginny was in no doubt about that, and wanted to let her actions speak louder than words. And what could do that better than pulling her closer, letting actions do just that. That seemed to be enough for Hermione. Her tongue darted forward and parted her lips, entering her wet folds softly. Ginny groaned at the sudden penetration, almost urgently and certainly hastily bumping her hips forward. She was no longer worried about finishing herself off before Hermione had a chance. She was right at her chance. Yet it just needed one more thing. 'Fuck me, Hermione.' Ginny whimpered, no longer able to hold back her urging. She had no idea what she was going to do with that. Yet once again, Hermione's confidence filled the gap filled by her doubts. She tongued her clit a few times, responding to her urgent demand. Just when she thought she couldn't take it any more, her tongue returning to probe her depths. But Ginny couldn't feel any more than that. All her thoughts were washed away by her orgasm, the fierce storm of pleasure driving away all thoughts and awareness of anything else. Leaving her unable to even moan Hermione's name. All she knew was that she never wanted it to end. Sadly it had too after Hermione's tongue had guided her done from the heights of her orgasm and she found herself wrapped not only in Hermione's arms but the silken sheets as well. It might have come as a surprise, but it certainly was a welcome one. One that felt better than she could have possibly imagined. 'It's a good thing I'm not a customer.' Ginny said teasingly. 'Because I'm not going anywhere.' 'What makes you think I want you to go anywhere.' Hermione joined in the teasing. 'I'm very much hoping to claim a little interest on that.' 'How about a lot?' Ginny whispered. Hermione's eyes danced in the candle light, danced with mirth and affection and slowly simmering lust, lust that was mirrored in Ginny's. 'Even better.' END. Sooo...I'm hoping that wasn't too dreadful. Speaking honestly, it felt better than my previous attempts at sex even if it did feel a little strained at times when I was writing it. Which I think is more in my head than anywhere else. Let's hope this means there is light at the end of the tunnel. Either way I had a lot of fun writing this idea. Funny how things can just come to you at work, you not an idea down and it explodes into something else. I'm not complaining though. I'm still open for commissions and requests if you want something written. Short, long. Sexy or tame. I'm game for most things. I'm also developing my Page with the aim to getting some more rewards going. Pledgers still get discounted commissions so it's worth checking me out. If you are interested pm me and I can link you to my Page.