replied McGonagall. "Is there anything further that requires my immediate attention, Cornelius?" "Not for the next few hours, at least," said Cornelius apologetically. "I suspect I shall need your services as Chief Warlock later in the morning to make the Dementor transfer official. As Amos is Head of the department that oversees control of the Dementors, I'll leave him to go over the finer details with you while I deal with the journalists." "I'm afraid I don't have much for you at the moment, Albus," said Amos equally apologetic. "We haven't even begun preparations for a transfer as we wanted your approval first. I'll be in contact as soon as I have more details. There is one matter I must speak to you about, however." "Very well," said Dumbledore. "It's about your recent appointment for the Defense against the Dark Arts position, Remus J. Lupin." "As I'm sure you're aware, the board has approved the appointment of Mr. Lupin," said Dumbledore. "He will be a fine addition to this staff, regardless of Lucius's prejudiced objections." "Apologies, Headmaster," said Amos quickly, "I'm not here to criticize your hiring methods. I'm only following up with a concern of a former board member. They have cause for worrying; hiring a werewolf is dangerous on its own—to place one in the same vicinity as children does not appear very wise." "Werewolves are dangerous, hideous beasts," said Umbridge. "You do not trust Dementors to safeguard this school, yet on the other hand, seem perfectly content to expose them to the dangers of a highly unpredictable and dangerous creature." "A werewolf, Remus may be, but he is a human like you or I, first," said Dumbledore, looking angry for the first time. "As a boy, he attended this school with his condition with minimal incident. Furthermore, we are now able to treat the dangerous aspects of his transformation with the Wolfesbane potion, made by our very own and very capable potion's master. I see no issue with his appointment." "And what of his certification," asked Umbridge. "What of it," asked Dumbledore, the edge in his voice steadily growing. "As Headmaster, I am afforded the authority to determine the merit of applicants; Remus' war record also speaks for itself. In regards to certification, Both Quirinus Quirrell and Gilderoy Lockhart had glowing certifications and endorsements, yet were no more fit to teach than Lord Voldemort. Finally, in light of recent events, Remus is the best candidate for the job." "What do you mean, Albus," asked Amos. "Remus would give his life to protect Harry." "What interest does a werewolf have for protecting Mr. Potter," asked Umbridge. "Friends, Madam Undersecretary," said Dumbledore simply. "James Potter had several friends at school and later in life, among them; Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew, and Remus Lupin." "I see," said Amos. "Well, as the board has already approved, and Cornelius signed off on the appointment, I don't see any reason to object any further. That concludes my business for now, Albus." Dumbledore nodded. "Well, we've kept you long enough, Dumbledore," said Fudge. "I shall see you to the gates," said Dumbledore. "I can attend to that, Albus" said Minerva. "You'll be needed soon enough." "Thank you, Minerva," said Dumbledore. "Before you go, Amos, I would suggest you remind Lucius he is no longer a member of the Board of Governors; as such, he should not be privy to such information in the first place. Good night." "I'll be sure to remind him," said Amos with a nod. He waited as Minerva led the Ministry delegation out of his study before stepping over to his candy dish. He popped a lemon drop into his mouth and started to pace again. His mind and heart were uneasy. "Why now, Sirius," he asked himself as he came to cabinet containing his Pensieve. He pulled it out and brought it back to his desk. He placed the tip of his wand to his temple for a moment, his eyes closed tightly shut and spoke the incantation softly. " Subsidium, Memoria. " A moment later, a slim strand of glowing blue material stuck to the tip of his wand as he pulled it away from his temple. He flicked the substance into the Pensieve and swirled it once as an exact replica of the night's events appeared before him. He swirled it again. This time, the image was replaced with the face of an eleven year old boy with a lightning bold scar on his forehead. He looked down upon the image sadly. "I'm running out of time, Harry," he said to the flickering image. He looked back to his desk where the damaged diary of Tom Riddle sat undisturbed, an object that worried him immensely and raised far more questions than it answered. Dumbledore loathed divination, but even he had to admit fate was conspiring against the boy. Indeed, the Penseive reflected his thoughts as the face of another person swirled into view; a woman wearing large glasses and dressed in several shawls with a crystal ball. He flicked his want in frustration. "He's still just a boy," he said to himself. "Are you even aware of the fate you've given your godson, Sirius?" Another image swirled; Harry was standing before the mirror. "A boy with a destiny and a great and terrible responsibility, Albus," said the portrait of Armando Dippit. "You cannot ignore it." Dumbledore did precisely that and ignored his predecessor. Many of the portraits were stirring now but Dumbledore's face was glued to the Pensive as another image swirled into focus. A voice echoed from the basin. "I trust Sirius, Professor," said James, his young face defiant and brave. "I am perfectly willing to be your Secret Keeper," said the Headmaster. "Thank you, but it won't be necessary; Sirius will be our Secret Keeper." "I'm so sorry, Harry," said Dumbledore aloud. "If I had only known then…" Far to the south, hundreds of miles away, the boy named Harry Potter woke from troubled sleep.