and James had been absent all this time. Petunia was still sitting next to her husband at the high table on the far end of the room, overlooking her reception. The only thing that seemed to have changed was that Vernon's sister was slightly more intoxicated given the fact that she now seemed incapable of communicating in anything softer than a shout. "Do you want more food? They're still serving," Lily said, pointing out the dozen or so servers who were rushing from kitchen to table. "I could go for some cake," James said in a far-too-innocent tone. He laughed and took her hand, pulling her out onto the dance floor when she sent him a warning glare. "Fine, then, if you won't let me have my cake, you at least owe me a dance." "If you insist." Even though she didn't want to dance around these people, was afraid that she and James would stand out for simply not being incredibly awkward and rhythmless, she was smiling when he turned to her. "So," James said as he placed his hands on either side of her waist and began to sway, "do you think your parents can forgive me for being a cake-throwing, attention-grabbing, completely unordinary delinquent who may have ruined their eldest daughter's wedding?" "I threw the first slice," Lily reminded him again and shook her head on an aggravated huff. "Besides, if she's going to allow something as small as two frosting-faced teenagers to ruin her wedding, then she's even more ridiculous and uptight than I already knew her to be." Lily clutched at his waist and leaned into him when he pulled her closer by the hips, and was thankful that he at least tried to match the simple swaying of the few couples around them even if he didn't observe the substantial distance between partners. "Anyway, it's like you said earlier: there will be plenty of opportunities for my parents to meet you, get to know you, and learn to love you, cake fiasco and all." "Even though I'm not Steve McQueen?" James questioned, making Lily laugh against his jacket. "I don't even know why I said Steve McQueen." She played absently with the hair at the base of his neck. "I could have gone with Keith Richards or Paul McCartney or George Harrison! I'm sure you've at least heard of them." "I haven't heard the names, but I'm assuming they're from one of Sirius's Muggle records. The Beatles or The Rolling Stones, if you think I should know them?" he guessed, and she nodded. "You're the best kind of unordinary," she whispered into his shoulder a moment later as they swayed together on their spot near the edge of the dance floor. "That's all I wanted them to see." "You're wrong," he said, and Lily drew her face back from his shoulder to crane her neck up to stare at him. He was smiling down at her, the crooked grin she loved so much crinkling at the corners of his bespectacled eyes. " You're the best kind of unordinary. No matter where we are, you stand out as uncommonly kind, intelligent, fierce, strong-willed, incredibly beautiful…" Freaky , she heard her sister's voice hissing in the back of her mind. Shut up, she imagined finally telling Petunia, and pushed her sister's judgment from her mind to focus instead on the earnest acceptance in James's soft, brown eyes. "I'm in love with you," she said, cutting him off. James froze, stopped swaying for a long moment, and stared down at her. She was amazed that she wasn't nervous or frightened that he would reject her, for although they had never said such a thing to one another, they had been together for six months already and she knew, she knew , that James loved her. It wasn't because they had just had sex and she had deluded herself into thinking that he must love her. It was the fact that even when he had been an immature prat not two years ago, he had never once expected or wanted her to change anything about herself. He had always accepted her for who she was. Even tonight, when he hadn't really understood why she had needed him so desperately, just that she had indeed needed him, even if the timing had been less than ideal. He was clearly taken-aback by the abrupt, matter-of-fact way in which she had just proclaimed her devotion to him, and was having trouble stringing together enough words to reply - something which didn't happen to him often - so Lily smiled up at him, snaked her arms around the back of his neck, and launched herself up onto the tips of her toes to kiss him, judgmental sisters and Dursleys be damned. His arms wrapped around her waist and his mouth responded immediately, his body hunching forward to bring his lips more level with hers. When they finally stopped kissing, they did not put more space between them. Rather, Lily's arms slid down his body to snake beneath his arms and loop around his back as she nestled her face into the base of his neck, his arms still around her waist and holding her just as close to him as ever. He turned his head, lowered it a bit so that his mouth was pressed into her soft, fragrant hair. She felt in the expanding of his chest, rather than heard, him take a deep breath. "Lily Evans. More than any thing in any world, I love you." His grip on her waist tightened and she felt him draw her ever closer. "Even if you are a bit strange." AN: This was, surprisingly, not something I was planning on writing. I just opened a document and started writing and here we are 12 hours later. I hope you enjoyed it. The title is a line from an Ed Sheeran song called How Would You Feel (Paean). Thank you so much for reading!