to close your eyes, didn't you?" Hermione stared at her, unsure about what just happened. As the spots faded and she regained her balance some, she glared at the other woman. "What did you just do to me? Who are you? What's going on?" She wanted to appear threatening, so she held up her wand again, although she suspected that this powerful witch would be able to easily avoid any survive any attack Hermione might make. Electra, of course, was not frightened at all. She spoke in soothing tones. "Calm down, dear, the battle's far away now. We're much safer now. Although, we should get a move on. I'd rather not piss off the basilisk today." Hermione's stomach twisted as she realized that there was something drastically different about the chamber: the large basilisk skeleton that had been around Slytherin's statue was now gone. Beyond that, everything about the Chamber seemed a little bit… off. Less damp, less moldy. "What do you mean, the basilisk? Harry killed it years ago! What did your spell do ?" Did it somehow bring the monster back to life? No, that was impossible! The woman sighed. "Well, that's no longer true. Harry Potter hasn't killed the basilisk yet. In fact, Harry Potter hasn't even been born. This circle of runes is a time-gate, and we just traveled back. It is currently June 21st, 1942. Right around midnight." Hermione froze. Blood roared in her ears and the room before her seemed to swim for a moment. "What did you say?" She whispered. "You heard me, Hermione. It's 1942." "N-No, that's…That's not possible." Hermione shook her head. "It's 1998 ." Electra just shrugged. "It is as I say; I'll explain more when we get of here. I'd rather not have to carry you out of here petrified, and if we keep talking, the basilisk will get curious. Now come, there's a tunnel to the Forbidden Forest this way." She turned and started walking away from Hermione, towards a large stone arch leading deeper into the Chamber. Hermione stared after her, still frozen in her disbelief. "But we can't… We can't suddenly be fifty-six years in the past!" She said desperately. "We—we didn't even use a time turner!" Electra paused and looked back at Hermione. "Please, dear, I promise, this'll all make sense after I explain it. And we really should be going! I've got a nice little cottage all set up for us, we'll be perfectly safe there! You'll like it, I'm sure! A nice hot bath, a cosy bed, a warm cup of cocoa? Just what you need after the year you've had! Then after we're all calmed down and rational, we can go over this like adults." Near the end of her speech, Electra's voice took on a patronizing quality. Hermione wasn't sure if she was more confused, terrified, or angry. But this woman's annoyingly superior, condescending tones did nothing to help the matter. "Don't talk to me like that!" She snapped, balling her fists. They were trembling with emotion. "I want to know what the fuck is going on!" Electra smirked. "All in good time, my dear, all in good time ." Hermione stared at the witch, getting angrier and angrier until her vision was tinged red. Then, it all of the sudden, the emotion rushed out of her and she was left feeling deflated. Numb. She couldn't get out of this Chamber the way she had come in, and if the witch was telling her the truth, then even if she did get out, she would be entering a version of Hogwarts from her past. It seemed that she had no choice left but to follow this stranger. Electra grinned at her as Hermione started walking towards her. "Very good, dear, come along now!" "This is kidnapping, you know." Hermione hissed, glaring at the witch. "I don't believe for a second that you're really an Order member—you used an Unforgivable on me! I certainly wouldn't be cooperating if I had any other choice!" Electra just shrugged, unaffected by the accusations. "Look, I'm sorry it had to be this way, but it was necessary. Any later, and you'd have been—" She cut her speech off with an abrupt shake of her head. "Never mind, It's not important. Anyway, follow me. I promise I'll explain this later." Hermione scowled, but followed after the strange, dark-haired witch through the twisting tunnels of the Chamber of Secrets. After a while of walking in silence, they came to a staircase, and Electra led her up and out. They emerged in an unfamiliar clearing in the Forbidden Forest. The entrance slid closed behind them and Electra took Hermione's arm, tugging her through the trees. After a minute, Hermione realized they were following a thin path. She started to ask Electra another question, but the witch cut her off with a sharp glance. "This forest isn't empty," she whispered, before pulling Hermione through the trees even faster. Soon enough, the trees opened up and they came to the edge of the forest, but not the part near Hogwarts grounds. "There, we're away from the Anti-Apparition wards," Electra said, her voice pleased. She released Hermione's arm and stepped away, before turning to face her proffering her hand. "I think we got off on the wrong foot. I'm very sorry for doing all this without your permission, but I don't want to force you to do anything else. If you would take my hand, I'll Apparate us to my safe house." Hermione scowled at the witch, but she really had no other options. "I hope you understand that I'll require more proof than your word to accept that we're really in the past," she said frostily. Electra nodded. "Of course. I'd expect nothing else. I'll give you proof, an explanation, everything , just come with me!" Hermione sighed, and tentatively grasped Electra's hand. The other witch smiled, and with a pop , Hermione was pulled away into the pressure of Apparition.