of food," said Sirius, smiling. "I've actually lost some weight since I arrived here. But I expect I'll gain some over the holidays; everyone does." "Why have you lost weight?" "Haven't had much of an appetite, really," Sirius replied. His tone was light, conversational; but his eyes were on the door, and Harry had the strangest feeling that his thoughts were somewhere else. "What's the matter?" Harry asked tentatively. "It's just…I know there are no dementors here," Sirius said slowly. "But it feels like there are, outside my door day and night, all over the place, like in Azkaban. Not the cold—but that feeling they give you…" "Like you'll never be cheerful again?" Harry supplied. He didn't know why, but Sirius's words gave him a bad feeling, one he couldn't put into words; an unpleasant memory sprung to his mind—Sirius, the way he had looked the night they arrived at his house. Unshaven, still dressed, reeking of alcohol, a half-eaten, one-person meal alone on the table… "Yes. Exactly." Sirius was still staring at the door dismally. "This must be how dementors are for Muggles. They can't see them, but they can feel them." "But you seemed so happy," said Harry, his mouth dry. "You were singing carols in the hallways." "I'm happy to have you all here." Sirius looked around at Harry. "But not…not really happy in general, I guess." For a second he paused, then continued gloomily, "I don't need the dementors' Dark powers to make me relive my worst memories, not when I'm locked up someplace where so many of them happened. Not just the big blowout fights my mother and I had when I was a teenager, but back when I was very small and she used to hit me…and I had to watch them perform Dark Magic all the time…It all used to frighten me so much. Like the rope that strangled anyone who wasn't a pureblood and the animal sacrifices and all. Being back here…it gives me the same hopeless, unwanted, trapped feeling I had as a child. It's—it's like a recurring nightmare. Then I start thinking of the day I found your parents dead, and Azkaban…" Sirius buried his face in his hands. "I can't take it any longer. I would do anything to get out of here. Anything to make this pain stop." "But the Order," Harry insisted, making a mental note to tell one of the Weasleys to get rid of the non-pureblood strangling rope. "They want you here—" "Don't lie to me," said Sirius, his hands shaking. "They want me about as much as they want dry rot. I'm nothing but a burden to everyone." "No, Sirius, don't say that," Harry insisted, pulling on his godfather's sleeve. "It's not true." "It is true!" Sirius took his face out of his hands and glared at the door again, as if a dementor or perhaps his shrieking mother would burst through it at any moment. "Who would even miss me if I was gone?" "I would," Harry pleaded. "Sirius, listen—you're all I've got left of my dad. I remember thinking, at the end of third year, when you offered me a home, I thought…this will almost be like having my father back. My father's best friend." "Oh, Harry, mate," said Sirius, and hugged his godson tight. "That's kind of you. That's really kind of you. But when I can't do anything useful for the Order…" "In some ways, you've done much more for me than Dumbledore ever has," Harry continued. "For all his faults, Harry, Dumbledore is certainly—" "Has he ever told me he'd love me even if I was possessed by a Dark wizard?" Harry interrupted. "For the past year, he's barely said anything to me at all! I always feel safer when you're around, and I know that nobody loves me more than you do. Breaking out of prison was risky and dangerous, but you did it, not just to avenge my parents but to protect me, too. If you hadn't revealed Pettigrew, he might have killed me in my sleep someday! I don't just need someone to teach me jinxes. I need someone to teach me about love and life and sex and girls…Someone who will protect me when I need it…Someone who will always love me, no matter what. Dumbledore was a good teacher, and he got me out of some tight spots—but he could never…he was never like a father to me." "Nobody could ever replace James, Harry," Sirius said. "And I'm not a good example. Terrible warning, more like." "But my dad made you my godfather, so he must have thought that if something happened to him and my mother, you would be the best person to look after me," Harry pointed out. "You aren't going to let him down, are you?" "Oh—of course not…I'll do my best to protect you." Sirius covered his face with his hands again. "Yes, it's what James would have wanted…but it's not just for him, Harry. I've always cared for you." "Well, I've grown to care for you too." Harry smiled and took Sirius's hands off his face. "Besides Ron and Hermione, you're the person I care about most in the world. My dad would be really proud of you and all you've done for me. I know he would." "I reckon he'd be really proud of you, too," said Sirius gently, returning the smile. "Listen, this has been bugging me for ages…I'm afraid I won't get a chance to say it…" "What?" "I'm sorry for telling you that you were less like your father than I thought," said Sirius. "It was uncalled for." "Don't worry. I was never angry," said Harry, standing up and pulling Sirius up with him. "I know you didn't mean it. Do you want to come down to dinner? I'm sure they're wondering where we are." "Yeah, I could go for some dinner," Sirius said, putting his arm around Harry's shoulders. "Thank you, Harry." -the end-