That reminds me, I haven't told you enough about Harry yet. He's such a mysterious guy! He's a very witty and intelligent person, and he has a solid grasp on magic. He's heir to some sort of company in London, though he won't say more, and acts like a sort of prince, except he's serious and not very romantic. I think he has a mischievous side - and doesn't know the meaning of danger - because he decided to break into the Slytherin common room on break yesterday. I was horrified! I thought they were going to have us expelled! Well, since I'm not home, obviously we weren't. Harry, of course, is also a sort of… daydreamer, I think. Or a psychic. I don't know what. He always seems to know what you need, and sometimes he drifts off for entire minutes, his eyes glazing over. Personally, I think he's got some special ability he's not telling us about. Maybe that's why he's so smart? Anyways, my classes are great. Charms is a ton of fun, and Harry's promised to teach us conjuration sometime soon. Transfigurations is also nice, and Herbology is a breeze as long as I sit within hearing distance of Neville. Harry manages to get him to teach more than Professor Sprout! DADA is weird, though. Professor Quirrell smells like he's stuffed his turban with onions and Harry seems absolutely terrified by him. A lot of students get headaches in that class. Harry is teaching us some protective runes which should stop our heads being affected by 'outside sources'... I don't understand much about what he's saying, but the runes should solve the headache problem. I've got to stop writing - I don't want to be late to Flight class! I'll send as many letters as I can, but everything is just so interesting! Yours, Hermione "Great, you've got it," Harry smiled a relieved smile. "We'll have to practice a little, but once they're there, we can do it to all of them and protect the heads of everyone in the class. "You're still convinced Professor Quirrell is somehow evil?" Mandy remarked, lifting her quill from the page. "I highly doubt it." Harry shrugged. "It can't hurt to be protected, Mandy. Let's go - Flight class starts in ten minutes." The four reluctantly put away their things and left them in the common room, jogging towards the next class. "Do you think I'll do okay?" Hermione panted, following the rushing Ravenclaws around a corner. "Of course," Harry replied, hopping expertly down the stairs. "I'll help. We'll definitely be okay." "I've flown a few times before," Mandy volunteered. "It's fun as long as you don't go so high." They found the doors and ran out, heading to the pitch where the other four houses were waiting. As a group they inserted themselves between the Ravenclaws and the Hufflepuffs, chatting idly while they waited for Professor Hooch to show up. Harry took a moment to step back and observe the entirety of the first years. It seemed silly to him that the students were split; it was almost like they were four different schools in the same building, sharing occasional classes, instead of one school unified under one name. There was obvious competition between Slytherin and Gryffindor - they hated each other, and even now he could see glares beginning to form. Now that he analyzed it, it seemed strange, too, that they had passwords on their common rooms. It wasn't as if the houses were trying to hide from each other. Finally, Hooch appeared, and he began to quiver with excitement as he snatched up a broom and joined the line of Ravenclaws. Hermione seemed a bit nervous, Neville nearly sick, and Mandy indifferent, though she was trying to comfort Hermione. Seeing this, Harry shuffled over to Neville and said encouragingly, "don't worry - they won't make us go too high. Even if you fall, it'll only be 2 meters, tops." Neville nodded. "I just… people are going to laugh." "I won't," Harry promised. "Hermione and Mandy won't. Who else matters?" Neville shrugged, looking a little bit less green. "I guess you're right." "Now," Hooch barked, "hold out your arm and say, 'up!'." A series of unharmonious shouts from eleven-year-olds drowned out any conversation, and Harry's broom flew into his hand. He glanced at Neville, who was having trouble, and smirked. "Hey, Neville," he said just loud enough for Neville to hear, "if you want to go to Herbology after this, say 'up'." "Up," Neville said, far more confidently. The broom hit is hand and nearly knocked him over. Laughing, Harry helped him up, and this time the broom rose easily into Neville's hand. The proof that it worked was encouraging. This time, his hand did not shake when holding the handle, and he didn't even look ashamed when Hooch corrected his grip on the broom. Hermione also seemed to have a grip on it, and soon they were flying around the pitch, doing some basic exercises to get used to the feel of a broom. Harry took to it like a fish to water, and before long the regular practices got boring. He slowly drifted away from the solid formation the other three had and pushed forward, cutting the air like a knife through cake. Pulling it harshly towards himself, he cackled as he felt his entire body go upside down and upright again, pushing forward and to the right to end the loop-de-loop, amid clapping from his friends. "Flying is awesome," he informed them, rejoining the close formation and leading them further over the pitch. "Any of you want to try some fun stuff?" Hermione got a determined look on her face. "I… alright. I'll try that loop." Emboldened by the crowd mentality, the other two also agreed to try, and the three followed Harry into another flawless loop, and though they looked a bit shaken, they also looked rather thrilled that they could do it.