If Harry or Ginny had been there, they would have done whatever necessary to abort the spell. But she'd been held, literally spellbound, staring in wonder as he reclaimed his life. When it was finished, the spell collapsed, and his eyelids flew open, revealing a set of crimson irises that locked with hers. They were the exact same shade as the Remembrall smoke . They blinked at each other for the space of a minute. Then, still prone on the ground, he raised his arms. She shrieked as she felt a sharp tug on her throat, but it was only her cloak being ripped away from her person by his magic. He caught it and sat up, slinging it around his body as a covering. Then he pushed himself fully off the ground and began to stalk towards her. Too late, she reached for her wand, before realizing it had been summoned into his hand. He must have summoned it with the cloak and she hadn't noticed, how had she let herself get so distracted ? He stopped just a few steps away from her and leveled her own wand at her throat. "Miss Granger," he purred, with a smirk that sent chills down her spine. "It's such a pleasure to finally be conversing with you in the flesh." She should have known already, because who else could it be, but instead she'd asked. "Who-who are you?" He clicked its tongue once, sounding vaguely disappointed. "Have I been forgotten already? One would think that single-handedly starting two wars in the space of a few decades would achieve just a smidgen of notoriety." No. Yes . "You-you can't be him!" she stammered, taking a step back, trying to put some distance between herself and this predatory figure claiming to be the Darkest wizard of all time. "He's dead . We-we killed all of the Horcruxes!" He watched her, his eyes looking almost bemused. "It was easier to let you believe that, yes." She lifted one quivering hand to her mouth as she collapsed back against a tree. Shaking, she slid against it until she hit the ground. She should have fled, run, gotten away quickly. Instead, she'd sat there in denial while a murderer held her wand . Stupid girl! " No . Not possible ! This can't be happening, this is a nightmare…" His grin was feral as he looked down at her, twirling her wand between his long fingers. "A nightmare, you say? I can make that happen. It's been so long since I've cast the cruciatus on anyone, and well, you're right here..." She was tortured for the better part of an hour, until her throat was so raw that her screams of pain became silent. She sobbed relentlessly, still unable to comprehend this reality. She hadn't been prepared for this, the war was over, it couldn't be happening, whispering no no no no no no no and stop and you're not real like a life-saving mantra. "But if I weren't real, would you be in this much pain?" And finally she was forced to admit it. Voldemort had returned. — This happened months ago, he was out there right now, somewhere, who knows what he's been doing since— But she did not admit defeat. Once the truth had sunk in, she gathered her courage and stared up at him in defiance. "You've failed twice already. We've defeated you twice. We've done it before and we'll do it again." He'd smirked, unbothered. "Well, third time's the charm, isn't that what they say? Things will be different this time. You'll see." He'd raised her wand again, pointing it at her, a malicious gleam in his eyes. "Starting with tonight. It was Potter's witness that ruined my last resurrection, yes?" She'd faced death before; the rush of cold that swept through her bones as she looked out and saw the end of her mortal existence was unfortunately familiar. "Do it, then," she croaked. "Kill me. But know that it will be worth nothing in the end. Harry and the Order will—" He rolled his eyes and waved her wand, causing her voice to stop with a silencing spell. "Save the inspirational speech, Miss Granger; I'm not going to kill you. Not tonight, anyway." She stared up at him in shock, Why wouldn't he kill her? The Mudblood friend of Harry Potter who'd been instrumental in bringing about his downfall… He was a petty creature, motivated by revenge… He must have seen the question in her eyes because he smirked and said, "You're too famous to go missing, and stubborn Potter would surely insist on investigating your death. No, it'll be for the best if this just all went away…" And it had, by Merlin, up until now she'd had no idea that the monster was on the loose once more. He knelt before her, reaching out to brush some of her hair out of her face. When his bone cold fingers made contact with her skin, she flinched, and he smirked. "You're going to forget this…. For now," he murmured, close enough so she could feel his breath on her face. She squeezed her eyes shut, and he chuckled, "But don't worry; I want to see the look in your eyes as your world burns down around you, and you realize that it was all. Your. Fault ." He breathed the last three words directly into her ear. She couldn't stop the pathetic whimper that sounded in the back of her throat. "One day, you will remember all." Remember all. Remembrall . —Hermione watched the blood colored smoke in the glassy orb disappear until it was empty once more, the first time it had been so since she'd touched it yesterday. She stared at it, her eyes wide and her hand covering her mouth. Then she threw it on the desk in front of her, grabbed the nearest book, and smashed it, leaving behind a pile of glittering, razor-edged glass.