has told us so much about you." Mr. Granger was quick to acknowledge the same. "Not too much, I hope," said Harry quietly. He cast a nervous glace to Hermione, who gave him a reassuring look while taking his hand briefly. "I must say, though, I'm surprised your relatives weren't at the station," continued Mrs. Granger. "I suppose they could have missed the owl, but I don't see how. We never do." "My aunt and uncle aren't exactly the type who likes anything to do with magic." "We certainly had a hard time with it at first," said Mr. Granger. "But we adjusted all the same. I'm sure there was just a misunderstanding here with your aunt and uncle." Harry chose to stay quiet. "So Hermione, are you seeing Ronald now," Mrs. Granger asked with smile. "No, mom," said Hermione. "He's a bit thicker than most boys." "I'll have to have a conversation with him soon," said Mr. Granger with a smirk. Again Harry remained quiet as Hermione and her parents continued to chat. They did talk about Dumbledore's funeral and Hermione did give them only minimal information, purposefully keeping any mention of Harry from her account. "I'm awfully worried about you going to that school," said Mr. Granger. "I know it's part of you now, but I'm just not sure I like what's happening." Hermione then went into a long explanation about how it didn't matter if she were part of the wizarding world or not – everyone was in danger. "Do they know about me, and well, Voldemort," Harry whispered to Hermione. "Only what most young wizards do, Harry, that he was defeated when he attacked you as a baby, and that he has returned. I've told them minimally more so. Dumbledore came to visit them after the Ministry event. He told them I was safer at Hogwarts then in their own home. In fact," she paused here giving the faintest smile. "He told them I was safer at Hogwarts because I was with you." Harry sat in shock after that revelation. After what felt like an eternity they arrived in Little Whinging and Harry gave them the directions to number four, Private Drive. They pulled into the drive and Harry was surprised to see that the Dursely's were not home. Mr. and Mrs. Granger followed Harry and Hermione to the front door. "Thanks for the lift," said Harry. "It was no trouble at all," said Mr. Granger. "Perhaps you can give us a short tour, Harry," asked Hermione. "I've never been to your house." Harry nodded and they all entered into the house where Harry had lived out his miserable childhood. "There isn't much to look at," said Harry, suddenly suspicious of Hermione's sudden interest. Harry had never gone into details of his life at the Dursleys, but he had told his friends enough to know that it was an unhappy place for him. "My room is upstairs, the smallest, next to my cousin's. There's the kitchen, and the living room." But Hermione immediately went to the stairs. Before Harry realized what was happening, Hermione stood staring at the cupboard under the stairs as tears flowed down her checks freely. She was as familiar with the story as any child who had grown up reading the stories. She knew Harry had no idea that the most of the wizarding world knew Harry had lived in a cupboard. Mrs. Granger went to her daughter and hugged her. "Hermione, dear, what is the matter?" "This is," answered Hermione. She pointed to the cupboard. "I don't understand," Mrs. Granger said trying to comfort her daughter. Then without any warning, Hermione separated herself from her mother and embraced Harry in a bone-crushing hug and she wept. "They've b-been so h-horrible to you," she cried. "I n-never wanted to b-believe it, and I c-could n-never ask you about it." Harry tried to comfort her, his eyes darting between each of Hermione's parents as he saw gradually their own dawning comprehension. Mrs. Granger held her hands to her mouth appalled while Mr. Granger simply stood in disbelief. They turned from photograph to photograph in the many frames hanging on the wall; no photo of Harry was present. They understood. Author's Notes: I felt it extremely important to have Hermione see where Harry spent his childhood, as have other author's on this site. This is important because the foundation of the relationship has to be laid solidly, and I can think of no better way than for Hermione to understand how Harry became the man he is. As I said, there will be no Dumbledore bashing; I don't believe that Dumbledore was abusive or neglectful to Harry. He knew the prophecy and as such, knew he would only be able to protect him to some degree. It's important to keep in mind that Dumbledore had put many barriers in place to prevent Harry from getting into danger; it was only when Harry managed to go around those road blocks did his life ever fall into mortal danger. As for the Durselys, I imagine that Dumbledore wrestled with himself greatly leaving Harry in that house, but as we know, Voldemort had much more success at getting to Harry at Hogwarts then he ever did when he was at the Dursleys. Furthermore, I don't believe that Dumbledore wouldn't have gone to any length to discover a way to destroy the horcrux in Harry without him having to face death as he did in DH. Based on the episode with the potion in HBP, I would be willing to bet that keeping secret what Harry would have to do was nearly as torturous as his memory of his sister. Lastly, Dumbledore knew his time was limited and had to prioritize what he could to make sure Harry had the best chance he could to accomplish his task. OotP also makes it clear that while Dumbledore's methods are not free of mistakes, he clearly, genuinely cared about Harry.