was clenched around something in his sweatshirt pocket, but Harry couldn't see what it was, although he hoped it wasn't a knife or any other sort of weapon. "Why not?!" Sirius barked. "Because it will only mean trouble for me!" Harry told him in a rush, his heart beating fiercely against his chest. "I won't be able to leave my cupboard for a month!" "YOU WHAT?!" Sirius roared. "THEY KEEP YOU IN A CUPBOARD?!" "No!" Harry knew he had said the wrong thing, and he frantically tried to backpedal, but he was feeling the beginnings of panic. "I mean, yeah they do, but it's not bad, really, they only lock me in there when I'm really bad…and it doesn't matter that they withhold food because it's so bad anyway…" Sirius didn't say anything this time, just picked up the shopping in one hand and grabbed Harry's hand forcefully with the other, pulling his godson again towards the reptile house, where they had last seen the Dursleys and Piers Polkiss. Harry was struggling madly, begging Sirius not to say anything, insisting that he would get into trouble, but it only seemed to anger Sirius further—and thus encourage him. "Please don't, Sirius, please, I'm begging you!" Harry howled in desperation. "Don't talk to them! I'm too young to die!" Sirius stopped, then, and leaned down next to Harry again. Harry could tell that, despite his anger, he was trying to stay calm. "Listen to me, Harry," he said firmly. "As long as I am with you, I promise that no harm will ever come to you. Do you understand me?" Harry nodded, because he was too afraid to speak. However, he let Sirius lead him away. Just as they were on the path to the reptile house, the Dursleys and Piers Polkiss showed up right in front of Harry. Uncle Vernon was purple-faced, always a sign that he was angry. It seemed that they had been searching for Harry. "BOY!" he bellowed. Harry was about to scamper after his uncle, leaving Sirius behind—but then the Dursleys, Piers and Harry heard Sirius's voice. "His name's Harry," he said, face white, in stark comparison to Uncle Vernon, who by now looked rather like a plum with a mustache. "And what is your name?" demanded Uncle Vernon nastily, as if Sirius was not worth speaking to. "My name is Sirius Black." Sirius was scowling. "I happened to know Lily Evans. Ring a bell, Petunia?" Aunt Petunia looked horrified at the mention of Harry's mother, but Uncle Vernon reached around impatiently for Harry's arm. "Whatever—we're going now, boy!" "Don't you touch Harry!" shouted Sirius furiously, darting in front of Harry and shielding him. "I'm his legal guardian!" Uncle Vernon snapped. "It's none of your business!" "When my godson is being mistreated, it is most certainly my business!" Sirius said back. "I know what you do to him! He said you lock him in a cupboard and withhold his meals!" "That awful boy, always making up lies!" Uncle Vernon reached around for Harry again but Sirius knocked his arm out of the way. "I think YOU'RE the one who's spewing lies!" Sirius spat. "Harry's parents did NOT die in a car accident! They were MURDERED and you bloody well know it!" "Ho! Murdered!" Uncle Vernon scoffed. "Drunk-driving hooligan, that's all that man was—" "YOU DO NOT INSULT JAMES POTTER IN FRONT OF ME!" Sirius hollered, and what happened after that was confusing. Harry saw Sirius withdraw what looked like a drumstick out of his pocket. The stick didn't seem deadly to Harry at all, but Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia recoiled as if Sirius had brandished a knife at them. Sirius had the stick pointed right at Uncle Vernon's neck. "Sirius, what is that stick thing?" Harry asked, but Sirius ignored him. "S-So you're a…you're a…" Uncle Vernon blubbered. "Yes I am!" Sirius snapped. "I can do things with this you couldn't even imagine! I'm Harry's godfather too, and if you mistreat him once more, there'll be hell to pay!" "You didn't tell him where we live!" Aunt Petunia shrieked to Harry. "Of course he didn't, but I have my ways of knowing…" Sirius said spookily, waving his mysterious stick in her face, and she screamed. "You're lucky I don't see Muggles as worthy adversaries when it comes to dueling," Sirius said in disgust, pocketing his stick again. "It's wrong to challenge someone who can't fight back, isn't it? But I can make exceptions. I would not recommend that you be one. Don't forget the shopping, Harry." "The…the shopping?" Aunt Petunia quivered. "I picked up a few things for Harry at the Safari Gift Shop," Sirius explained coldly, shoving the bags in the Dursleys' direction. "Buy him clothes that fit, why don't you? And if you try to punish him for this when you get home—as I'm sure you plan to do—I'll be there. Like I told you…we 'abnormal' people have ways of knowing things you don't." "Oh, my," Aunt Petunia mumbled. She looked mortified, as if she might faint, whilst Uncle Vernon looked furious, but beat. Dudley and Piers were staring; Harry could tell that they understood Sirius's actions no more than he did. "I'll see you soon, okay?" Sirius reassured Harry, bending down and hugging him again. "Don't worry. I've got your back, Prongslet." "What?" "My nickname for you, when you were a baby," said Sirius, then, to the Dursleys, "Remember what I said." It was confusing. Harry didn't understand why Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia seemed so afraid of Sirius and his stick thing. It seemed as if they had taken his threats to heart, however. Before they all got in the car, Aunt Petunia said to Harry, "Would you like to ride in the front seat for a change…darling?" Harry happily obliged. EDIT: This was supposed to be a one-shot, but I was pleasantly surprised at how well-received it was! I'll try to post a few more chapters of Sirius and Harry. :)