months, but that was nothing compared to now that she was really gone. Now that he had no way of making sure she was all right, and well. It had shattered him. And he was so angry at her for doing it to him. More than that though, he was angry at himself for allowing her to make him feel this way. He'd once been a carefree prankster, without a soul to tie him down and a twin to make sure he always got back up. She'd ruined him. "He's taking us nowhere, Mione. He's stuck on this bloody idea that the next horcrux is inside Hogwarts and until he's been proven wrong or right, we're not going to get anywhere" "But what if he is right Ron?" she hissed back as they bent down to collect tinder for the fire that night, a safe distance away from Harry to not risk being heard. "You said just the other day that it made no sense because You –know-who wouldn't have had time to get into Hogwarts to make one, and if he had then Dumbledore would have found it" "Yes, but" she pursed her lips and dropped a twig she'd been holding, it was much too thin. "Harry is sort of connected to You-know-who, wouldn't he have the best instincts to go off of on what to do next?" "Even if he is right" Ron said sighing "There's no way for us to get into Hogwarts at the moment anyway. I'll I'm asking is that we try to get him to forget the idea for right now, so we can move forward. Besides, if one horcrux is inside Hogwarts, that still leaves three others out in the world somewhere, and we have to deal with those too." "You are much smarter than you cut yourself up to be." "You are much more of a suck up than you believe yourself to be." She looked up at him with a tight lipped smile and shoved him. He stumbled, caught his balance and began walking after her once more. Just like he always did. The twins had finally agreed that they had to close one day of the week. So on Wednesdays they went to see mum and dad. It was a little tricky getting in and out of the home right now, with all of the wards they had up. In fact it was impossible to get in at all unless you had Weasley blood or an army to attack all at once. Dad had taken to messing with muggle objects even more than ever before. He could no longer go into his job at the ministry when he was a speculated order member, and not having anything to do was messing with his head almost as bad as Hermione's absence was messing with his own. So when George chose to help mum make food, he decided to go outside and sit with his father in the shed as he tinkered. It was on a day just like this that Fred found it. He usually went into the shed and was able to push, pull, and turn any and all buttons without fear of anything actually turning on. Nothing in there had worked in years, and his father didn't know nearly enough about muggle technology to fix anything. But when his fingers twisted the orange knob of a small red box, it burst to life with a static noise. Arthur jumped up. "I've been looking for the radio!" he burst coming forward and digging the entire red box out of the container Fred had been peering into. He didn't know how his father had been looking for such an object and not been able to find it. The thing was massive and Gryffindor red to boot. "What does it do " He questioned as his dad heaved the giant contraption onto the table. His father didn't answer, only twisted at another knob until the static changed, and instead a soft muggle song greeted his ears. "This is a muggle Radio" he said proudly "I have some much smaller ones but I've been looking for this one," "But what is it meant for" he asked again. The music was nice, but surely that wasn't its only purpose? "It catches sound waves" his father answered sliding his hands over the lid affectionately and not looking at Fred as he spoke. "People send them out from stations they have set up, and this catches it and plays them aloud." "So someone chose for this song to be playing right now?" he asked scrunching his face up as he looked upon it. "No, someone is currently sitting somewhere and playing this song right now. Its coming to us through the air and the radio is just helping turn it into a form we can hear." "So it's only for music" he questioned then, standing from the couch he'd been occupying in the dusty shack. "Well no" the older Weasley muttered. "Some people will send out their own voices, so they can talk about different subjects, or give the news" That made Fred's ears perk. "Could we do that" It was only then that his father looked at him "Yes, but why would you want to?" "I want to start a news for the war, for people aligned with the light to listen to" he said, speaking faster than he could think. "Could you get more of these, we could give some out to the order members first and tell them to let anyone on our side know about it." "I suppose it's a good thing I cleared out the ministries box of them before I left isn't it?" Arthur said and glint in his eyes and the Weasley twin smirk spattered across his face. They had gotten it from someone hadn't they? AN: First chapter, yay! Thank you all for choosing to continue reading my story, it means a lot to me. Please Review! Mel