directed at her, how hard she used to try to gain his approval. To gain more than a pat on the head, more than a 'well done, Adrienne', to gain parental approval. To be thrown in the air and caught by a laughing father, for simply being five years old and adorable. But alas, Adrienne had only seen her adopted father over the summers growing up, and he had never once held her after she grew out of infancy. And for him to pay any special attention to her, she'd had to memorise numerous spells, laugh at his abstract not-funny jokes, display that she was inherently good , just as he was. But now, as she watched the withered old liar deliver his few words, she wanted none of his approval, none of his common smiles - she wanted to squash the twinkle right out of his eye. She wanted him to tell her who her family was. " Why not?" She'd asked him last summer, taken aback by his firm denial. "If they gave me up, as you say, I want to know why. Even if they're dead, I want to know who they are – who I am!" Dumbledore merely smiled his patronising grin at her. "I doubt that will do you any good, Adrienne. Some things are better left alone. You are much better without any influence from them." "But they're my parents," she protested weakly. "Being a parent is more than simply conceiving a child," Dumbledore informed her. "It is raising them, offering unconditional love, support and respect." For the first time in her life, Adrienne had wanted to roll her eyes at something Dumbledore said. She'd wanted to hurt him at the moment; the anger had surged around her body lighting her skin on fire. Multiple arguments rested on the edge of her lips: shouldn't he respect her enough to tell her who'd given birth to her, so much of who she was lay with these strangers. Was she pureblooded, half-blood, or even a Muggle-born? Shouldn't he support her endeavour to discover her heritage, even if he thought it was a tremendous mistake. Adrienne said none of them. She snapped her lips shut and nodded along, as if in agreement with Dumbledore, and silently mused on whether he had hidden things from her before, whether he'd lied to her before, whether he'd manipulated her before, making sure to properly occlude her mind from his prying. Afterwards, she apparated out of his study and ignored him for the rest of her eight week summer. To her left, sat Daphne Greengrass. Not a particularly rich family, but influential enough. Slytherin enough to grind Dumbledore's gears should he see her arm in arm with Adrienne. Finally coming to a decision on Hermione's rather choice advice, Adrienne leaned over and whispered, making sure to inject teenage mocking in her voice: "You'd think he'd have figured out how to engage students after fifty years of this." Daphne levelled her Housemate with a calculating stare before responding. "As if he cares about engaging us," she scoffed. "This is just a power trip. I'll stand here and spout nonsense and you'll listen and feign interest and marvel at my oh-so-wise words." Adrienne let out a low chuckle. "I've read more interesting stuff on the back of food packaging." Daphne laughed, and Adrienne felt this was enough socialising for today. She didn't want to lay it on too thick. She had plenty of time to bring this plan of hers into fruition. She only hoped that her years of watching people would serve her well in befriending them. / Nighttime had always been Adrienne's favourite time. When the manor had been asleep, Adrienne roamed the halls, searching for secrets and knowledge, reading books far too mature for her sensitive age, and of course eating forbidden food. That hadn't changed one bit since she arrived at Hogwarts – while her roommates slept and snored, Adrienne crept down to the library where she read until the late hours. Mostly informative books, from the Restricted Section of course – because really, those so-called wards were pathetic and an insult to her skill as a witch – but sometimes she treated herself to fiction. Muggle fiction; because no wizard or witch had ever compared to the works of Jane Austen, the Bronte sisters, or J.R.R. Tolkein. But rather than sneak out to get up to no good, Adrienne tucked herself snugly into her warm bed, and observed her roommates. Because she was taking her N.E.W.T's early, she'd also been placed in the Seventh Year room. Around her were the sleeping forms of Daphne Greengrass, Tracey Davis, Pansy Parkinson and Millicent Bulstrode. She contemplated which she should use to anger her oh-so-brilliant Headmaster. Daphne Greengrass she'd already decided on, more so because she could actually tolerate the girl than any other malevolent reason. She recognised Pansy would also be a good choice, but the girl had a tendency to be tedious, rude and bitchy. I'll give that some more thought , Adrienne decided. Millicent was a definite no-no. The girl's obsession with cats was well-known and frankly disturbing, and she had been taking remedial classes in most subjects since Second Year. Tracey Davis was harmless enough: half-blood, so she wouldn't get under Dumbledore's skin as much as Adrienne wanted, but she was Slytherin and had facial features that made it seem as if she was constantly sniffing a horrid smell. Adrienne then turned her mind to the Seventh Year boys. She would certainly have to cultivate Draco Malfoy. Not only would that give good old Albus a stroke, but it would most certainly irritate Harry and Ron. She grinned in the dark. Perhaps Theodore Nott? One of the Twenty-Eight families, a last name that was nearly synonymous with Dark Magic, and intellectually her equal. Yes, I'll have Theo too , she decided. That night, Adrienne slept like a baby, her long dark hair fanned beautifully around her face.