dishes scourgify and march themselves into their proper places. "It's not so bad," Bill said referring to cleaning up the kitchen. "Not at all. Could be the muggle way, scrubbing them all." "Oh, mum only does that if she's sore with one of us. Forty years old and she still punishes me like I'm twelve," Bill joked. He moved his arms up to tie his hair back, a simple bracelet with a wood carved charm was on his right wrist. "Same with my parents. I'm afraid it's never going to ch-"Hermione stopped in her tracks when she saw Bill's bracelet. "Bill, what's that symbol?" Bill finished tying up his hair and looked down at his wrist. "Oh, this? Mate of mine I worked with in Egypt made it. Chap's big on runes and gave me this to help ward away evil and all that junk." "What rune is it? I've never seen one like it before." Hermione was lying. In fact, she had seen one almost identical to it and it was written on a page in the book currently sitting on her side table. "Actually a combination from what I remember. See here?" Bill asked tracing the outline of one rune. "This here's Fehu for good luck. This one is made within Fehu, and it's Raidho. Supposed to help with seeing the right path to take and making that decision. Then Fehu and Raidho work together to make Kenaz, which is about power and knowledge. He said when they're combined like that it makes each one stronger and is supposed to help me out. Think he must've been right seeing as I never got into a spot of trouble when I worked out there." "Yes, of course! I-are we done with the dishes? I have to head out. Just realized something." Hermione hugged Bill. "Oh, you're just fantastic! Tell Fleur to kiss you loads for me!" Hermione practically ran out of the kitchen, leaving a bemused and concerned Bill in her wake. She went out into the garden where she made her goodbyes, took Crookshanks from James, and apparated away. Hermione held her breath as she experienced the sensation of being pushed through a tube and only winced slightly as Crookshanks clung on for dear life. When she landed in her flat, she made a beeline to the book and opened it up. With a parchment next to her, she separated the runes. Fehu, Raidho, Kenaz. She looked deeper and found Algiz, Wunjo, and Thurisaz. One mark remained and she found Gebo. She's solved it. Combined, though, the meanings were much different than those created by the rune Bill wore. Fehu created a sign of hope and success, creation and destruction. Raidho created travel and choosing the right path. Kenaz created the power to create your own reality. Algiz created protection against evil, a shield. Wunjo created joy, comfort, prosperity. Thurisaz created conflict and change. Gebo created sacrifice and generosity. Hermione looked at the rest of the text. Engrave at the base of the veil. That must be it! Another section said intent and restoration. She figured it out! My god, she could kiss Bill over and over again! Hermione threw on her Unspeakable robes and fastened a cloak over them. Grabbing a copious amount of floo powder, she hurled the powder into the fire, causing a mist of green to appear around her while her front was illuminated emerald. Running into the flames, she shouted "Department of Ministry" and disappeared. — The ministry was empty except for the lone night guard manning the wand station. Hermione shifted impatiently as the wizard took her wand, verified it was hers, and slowly handed the wand back. She all but ran to the lift. She attempted to pace around the confines of the small space as it whizzed throughout the ministry. When the doors opened and a calm voice said "Department of Mysteries," Hermione ran out again. Now that she was fully alone, she had no shame in sprinting down the hall, book clutched to her chest, before opening the door to her department. In the entrance chamber, she furiously counted the doors before wrenching open the door she needed. The room was so quiet that one could hear a pin drop. The veil stood in the very centre. The fabric innocently fluttered from a non-existent breeze. As Hermione stepped closer, voices began to emanate from the veil. Whispers swirled around her. A light yet beautiful singing sounded in the air. Coming from nowhere and everywhere. Hermione put the book off to the side and opened it to the symbol. "Flagrate," she whispered, causing a fiery rope to spew out of her wand and hit the ground. Slow and with care, Hermione began to draw the line. The more she drew, the louder the voices grew. The once beautiful song grew dark and screeched in her ear. She ignored it though and focused only on one thought. She repeated Sirius's name over and over in her head. When she finished drawing the symbol, the voices abruptly stopped. The fiery glow of the rune seemed to call to her. All sense of logic and reason escaped her mind. Her feet moved as if on their own to step atop the rune. The whispers started again. Echoing throughout the chamber. "Join us," They hissed. "Enter the veil." "Reach out to us." "Reach out to me," Sirius's voice sounded from behind the veil. "Save me. Bring me back to Harry." "Sirius?" Hermione called, hypnotized, arms stretched out, pushing the fabric of the veil out of the way. Further and further she moved until her face was pressed against the fabric. Wind suddenly roared throughout the chamber. It pushed against Hermione. The voices screamed at her. Her body started to siphon into the veil, changing before her eyes. Hermione's screams of fear joined the voices of the veil. Little by little, she was absorbed into the veil—into what she thought was death. Then, it stopped.