, Hermione," he mumbled into her hair. She giggled into his shoulder, all her euphoria returning with full force as she relaxed against him and felt all of her insecurities leaving her. He pulled back, but, and looked at her with narrowed eyes. "We forgot something." Hermione frowned, the gears of her brain turning to think of a situation that would require such a confession after a night of lovemaking. "Contraceptive?" She squinted at him. "Don't worry about that. I'm on Muggle Pill, so…" She trailed off as the blonde hollered in loud peals of laughter. She pursed her lips at him, scowling. " What , Draco?" His laughter ceased and a slow, mesmerised smile curled over his lips. "I like that. The sound of my name in your voice," he told her, huskily. Hermione smiled back, brushing her fingers over the fringe of his pale blonde hair hanging over his forehead. "What did we forget, Draco ?" He let out a contented sigh, shutting his eyes. Hermione chuckled, leaning forward to plant a light kiss over his nose. He smiled wider, not changing his position even as he reached behind himself to extract something from the nightstand. "Merry Christmas, Hermione," he muttered, opening his eyes, slightly, to lean forth and kiss her blushing cheek while he slid a small box into the hand she'd flanked over his waist. Gasping, Hermione sat up, mindful of the cover that she pulled up to her armpits. "You got me a gift ?" She opened the box to find a pair of platinum earrings that were little, otter figurines with emerald cravings on them. "Gosh, they are so gorgeous , Draco! And… how do even know what my Patronus is?" Draco shrugged, smirking up at her, smugly, as he readjusted his position to cross his arms under his head, in the bed. "I had wanted to gift these to you on that evening when I'd asked you about how you saw our future." He looked away, a streak of sadness sliding into his eyes. Hermione's heart clenched with guilt. Did he love her? Huffing out a breath, he looked back at her, again, grinning this time. "And, about your second question… Well, I know a lot about you, sweetheart." Hermione smiled, feeling all sorts of giddy at his endearment. Taking a deep breath, she made up her mind. Though she did feel nervous, she knew that this was going to be her call – she was going to be the one to take the big step, this time. She tilted her head to a side and held his gaze, heart aflutter with nervousness. "We forgot something, else, too." Draco cocked a brow at her, playfully. "Not the contraceptive , right? Because someone has just told me that she―" He broke off with a laugh when she smacked his chest. "Well… I didn't get you a gift," she continued, channeling all of the Gryffindor in her, "so, a few words will have to make-do." "And?" he asked, too quickly, with his eyes widened, and mouth dropping open a fraction. He had some idea where this was going, she guessed. "We might be a dysfunctional pair, horribly screwed up when the couples out there are elegance at its best. But… I'd rather be screwed up with you than smooth with anybody else, Draco. Will you be my boyfriend?" she finished in a breath, holding it in, immediately, as she waited for his reaction. She didn't have to wait long, though, because his eyes glided shut, the next moment, and expressions of pure ecstasy overtook his features. "Yes, Hermione," he groaned out, "a million times , yes, and always , yes – I do want to be your boyfriend and let you do things the right way, this time round, yes." Her eyes brimmed, and she let out a shaky laugh. But, before she could ponder much on how to proceed, her boyfriend of a minute back was pulling her down, and rolling over her to capture her lips in a kiss with a sigh of bliss. She let out one of her own. Of course , she did. THE END Liked it? Hated it? Drop your thoughts. The Prompts (by unbroken_halo on LJ): ◇ 4-8 preferred characters/pairings: Harry/Hermione, Draco/Hermione , Hermione/Harry/Draco, Bill/Tonks, Charlie/Tonks, Bill/Tonks/Charlie, Narcissa/Lucius, Severus/Lily ◇ Pairings you do NOT want to receive: Canon pairings not requested, Death eaters other than Snape or Lucius. ◇ Tropes I enjoy: Friends-to-lovers , Smart, passionate women, intelligent men, respectful relationships, kid fic, second chances, getting together fics, plot over porn , paranormal aspects (hey this is a magic world if you can make it work, go for it!), happy endings , humor, holidays (actually going on one or an annual celebration) ◇ Kinks I enjoy: realism in the story/plot, consensual and mutual experimenting with one another, playful teasing with or without props , romance without too much saccharine , first times , established relationships. ◇ Prompts : First Christmas /Solstice/Winter holiday together • Discovery of a new kink together • Fate/time/circumstances has given them a second chance. • He leaned forward, touched his lips to hers. "Indications are we're having a romance." (reverse the pronouns if you wish) •"I'd rather be screwed up with you than smooth with anybody else." Tell me a good story and have fun with it! ◇ Anything else you'd like your gifter to know?(i.e. deal breakers, head canon, new canon etc...) I'm pretty easy to please, but if you want/need more, check out this post. I like the canon of the books versus anything JKR has said on Pottermore, and I don't care to know anything about the Cursed Child Play nor the Fantastic Beasts movie. That said, you want to make up something out of whole cloth that fits your plot, go for it. Just leave my squicks out of it. Not real fond of dirty talk or overly flowery language, Call it what it is, we are adults. xoxo, Aishwarya!