was always letting me know in her stifled way that she would have nothing else. Stepping into the next section, Tiffany was greeted with a cacophony of feathers and hoots. Owls of every size inhabited the cages spread across the room covered in straw. Her eyes scanned the area until she laid her sights on a creamy barn owl hooting in the corner. The owls feathers fluffed up when she saw Tiffany had taken attention her. "Don't worry, it's all right. I'm no threat, believe me," she said calmly, trying to ease the owl's anxiety. She cautiously moved forward, staring into the owl's glinting black eyes. Once her face was mere inches from the cage, she poked her index finger through the bars of the cage and stroked the owl's soft chest. The owl cooed softly, and she knew this was the one for her. When Tiffany returned from the back room, she was smiling and holding the owl's cage in her hand. It wasn't that the owl surprised me, it was her choice in owl. For some reason I always pictured her with a snowy one, but even the closest friends can surprise you. "What'd you name him?" I asked, intrigued by the owl's peaceful nature. "I named her Skylar," Tiffany prompted, looking down at her bird. "Let me go pay, alright?" She cooed. She handed the owl to me while she went to pay her ten Galleons. When she came back she snatched the owl from my hands, like it was her child and I was about to drop it. "Yeesh, I wasn't going to kill her," I said, pretending to be offended. "She's my baby," Tiffany protested. With our new pets, Aunt Narcissa Tiffany and I headed out the door and to Potage's Cauldron Shop to purchase our size two Pewter Cauldrons. The shop was almost completely empty when we got there. Our footsteps echoed throughout the small store as we made our way to the shelves lined with the Pewter Cauldrons. I almost felt like I was trespassing, the shop was so quiet. We grabbed two cauldrons and made our way to the man waiting behind a counter. He looked like he really didn't want to be here. "That will be fifteen galleons each," he said in a deep raspy voice. Tiffany and I each handed him fifteen galleons, and collected our cauldrons. On the way out, Tiffany knocked her hip against a display of stacked cauldrons at the window. I winced as all the cauldrons came crashing down, one by one. Tiffany's face paled. "Shit." We spent the rest of the next twenty minutes trying to stack the cauldrons back up. Finally the shopkeeper shooed us out of the store, meticulously fixing the mistakes we could not. I put my head down so the shop owner couldn't see and started laughing. "I think we only have a few more things to get," Aunt Narcissa smiled wearily. "How about I meet you by the entrance while you go grab them quickly. Well off you go," she said waving her hands and shooing us on our way. We only spent about another hour grabbing the rest of our supplies on the list, trying to trudge though the bustling shoppers with our bags filled with school supplies. Aunt Narcissa's form at the entrance was like a beacon as we weaved through the masses. "Alright girls, did you have fun?" Aunt Narcissa inquired. "Oh yes, it was every exciting," Tiffany said enthusiastically. "I can't believe it will have to be another year before we are likely to come back. What about you Jean?" She asked, nudging my arm with her load. "It was marvelous, really," I said, but my gaze was unfocused. I was back to thinking about my mom, my past. During the better part of the past hour I kept trying to fight thoughts about my mother, but my wand in my bag was a constant reminder that we were kin, and we had to watch out for each other. Tiffany sensed my distress while we were shopping and tried her best to hold her tongue while I was sad. I appreciated it, confirming that she was really a true friend. "Nevermind then. I want to get home and see what kind of wand Draco got," I said, turning back into my usual self and giving Tiffany a look. We burst into giggles. We knew Draco wanted something bold and manly, and we didn't think a wand like that would chose a wimp and coward like him. Aunt Narcissa turned on her heel and beckoned us to follow her out of Diagon Alley's brick entrance. As I walked past the walls, I placed my hand on the worn brick. "Until next year," I said softly. Mr. Olivander knew something about my mother, and he had the audacity to pretend like it was nothing and shoo me away. Anger boiled my blood, I should've asked why, I should've demanded to be told something, anything. Anything to keep my hope afloat in the raging sea of lost dreams. My fingers dug into the grout, my fingernails chipping and turning white. Yes, it hurt, badly, but I was too angry to notice. "Oy, you gonna rip it out? Come on," Tiffany said good naturally. I broke from my haze of anger and strode towards her, slinging her arm in mine. I called for my Aunt, loud enough that she turned and stopped. "Thank you," I mouthed, knowing she'd never know how much I truly meant it. Aunt Cissa had done, for me, what some mothers aren't even capable of doing. She loved me, she cared for me, which is far surpassable to what she could have done. Once she received my message, she winked, once again returning to he quick walking pace. In merry silence, we walked all the way home. Hey everyone thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed. Please feel free to comment any suggestions. Vote please 3